the king by david michod & joel edgerton directed by david michod ext . field / NORTH england - afternoon title card : the early 15th century a scorched battlefield litter with the dead and die . hundred of tangle body strewn across the field . horse among they . so thick and twisted they carpet the sodden earth . a deform mass . bloody , black and brown . a warrior walk the field . Broad shoulder . a cape of fur over leather and chain mail . he walk labour . a body squirm at he foot . he stop . he raise he wear sword and , as if plant a flag , he thrust the metal down into the die man 's back . the body arch stiff and then go limp . he continue on in this fashion , casually roam the destroy body and give that still move they silence . around he , across the field , other pore over the body , pilfering valuable or take the not- fatally wounded hostage . the warrior turn . his scar face , young but line . sad , soulful eye . despite be a clear victor here , he look displease , agitate , dark . this be sir henry ' hotspur 's percy . he continue he macabre walk . he stop at the body of a man wheeze he last shallow breath into the dirt . with he filthy , bloody boot , hotspur heave the man onto he back and regards he with what look for a moment like pity . he then plunge he sword into the man 's chest . walk . stab . walk . stab . he watch a injure man stand shakily and walk - fall - get to he foot again and walk . the man trip and keep move . hotspur walk beside he for a few step . falling into step he watch the limping man 's action , study he curiously . blood from a deep gash across he face make it impossible for he to see from either eye . other injury too . hotspur where go you , my friend ? the man turn to the sound . scare , he try to continue . hotspur ( cont ’d ) you be hobbling in the wrong direction . that wind you feel be blow from England . Scotland be that way . the limping man , uncertain , turn and follow the wind . hotspur turn and walk away . stab . int . antechamber / royal court - day Royal Court , London . hotspur , clean from the battlefield , walk the hall with he father , the earl of northumberland ( 50 ) , beside he . Northumberland appear wary . hotspur stride . they be meet by sentries and the Chief justice sir william gascoigne . william my lord percy . hotspur we have come to see the King . william I be afraid his majesty be engage with other concern . be he expect you visit ? hotspur I should hope he be . we be but the man who have spill blood in he name . I should hope that he expect we visit with enthusiasm . William note hotspur 's hostility and disappear through the antechamber to a room beyond . hotspur 's agitation be a source of unease for Northumberland -— a unease which cannot be address openly before the silent , helmete sentries stand watch . northumberland my son . be calm . hotspur stare , boil , in the direction of the door beyond which the King be engage with he other matter . int . parlour / royal court - day hotspur and Northumberland sit at one end of a long dining table . they be quiet . hotspur 's agitation boil . a door open . king henry iv hobble in . Royal courtier follow : William , the earl of westmorland , lord scrope of masham , the earl of cambridge , sir thomas grey , the earl of dorset among they . henry iv my lord , I be most sorry for make you wait . I know you have travel far and from great travail . the King extend he signet for the lord to kiss . Northumberland do so obligingly , eye lower . hotspur kiss the ring while look Henry coldly in the eye . henry iv ( cont 'd ) I pray you will know this time of civil unrest consume I day and night . as the King and he courtier take they seat , servant bring food to the table . other present jug and bowl of water for the man to rinse they hand . henry iv ( cont 'd ) I understand battle with the rebel Scots be hard fight . be this true ? hotspur stare . Northumberland fill the awkward space . northumberland it be , my liege . we lose some three hundred man . they bow they head as the King say a Latin bless . henry iv benedic nos démine et haec tia déna quae de tia largitdte stmus sumptiri . per christum déminum néstrum . amen . . all amen . the man eat , the King as heartily as he frailty will allow . hotspur do not eat . Henry look to he . henry iv and how many prisoner be take ? northumberland some two hundred , my liege . henry iv good hotspur , you lead the charge . be any prisoner of note take ? hotspur many . henry iv be they in train ? hotspur no . Henry eat , ignore the insolence . henry iv and why be that ? why have they not be bring directly to I as be they designation ? hotspur why will you not pay cousin mortimer 's ransom ? henry iv you 'il need to speak up , my boy . I be a old man . my ear be fill with hair . hotspur cousin mortimer be hold by the rebel of Wale . why do you refuse to pay he ransom ? henry iv I refuse to pay mortimer 's ransom because I refuse to believe mortimer a prisoner . I rather believe mortimer to be a traitor . Henry let this sit . he eat . hotspur boil . moment pass . henry iv ( cont 'd ) you victory over the Scots be a most heroic one , heroic because improbable . we most recent loss to the welsh , however , should not have be suffer . we strength should have have it stave . and I must conclude only that it be suffer with mortimer 's help , that mortimer have join the welsh rebel , that he have betrayed England and that far from be a prisoner , you cousin be now a enemy of mine and , therefore , of yours . 5 . Henry examine he chicken wing . hotspur stare . the other man try not to be notice . henry iv ( cont 'd ) do you agree with my précis , good hotspur ? hotspur no . northumberland my son . hotspur I believe yours to be the rambling of a crazy old demon . northumberland Harry . please . stop this . henry iv let he speak . I wish to hear he . northumberland my liege - hotspur your be the rambling of a old man so saturate with malice and mistrust that he no longer know up from down , who can no longer see beyond the wall of he own monstrous schloss . Henry stop eat . he pay hotspur he full attention , almost invite hotspur to continue . hotspur , emboldene , do so . hotspur ( cont ’d ) my family have serve you . my father , my uncle . we aid you in you ascension . and still we fight for you . cousin mortimer have fight for you - hard and for many year . and yet while you now slobber over that chicken 's wing , he shiver in a western prison await mutilation at the hand of welsh witch . northumberland my liege , you must forgive my son . he need rest . we come only to advocate for you help in secure mortimer 's release . hotspur all that we have do for you we have do for the good of England , but I fear now that we have make a terrible mistake . I fear the battle we have fight have be fight only to indulge you hateful madness . we land be now more rive with war than ever before . you have rebellion stewing in all corner . the Scots be not finish . the welsh have only just begin . and for what ? why do you think this might be , old man ? who do you imagine might be to blame for this ? all be stunne silent . Henry watch hotspur strangely and impassively for a protract moment . northumberland my liege ... henry iv they say chicken can not fly , but I have see one eke enough wing flap to clear a fence . and then it 's free !... but then so too be the fox . Henry continue he dull stare at hotspur . hotspur boil , but Henry 's gleeful crypticism be intimidating . henry iv ( cont 'd ) you be right , young percy . I owe you much . I owe you family still more . you have fight nobly for I . you carry wound fresh for I to see . and you grievance too - they have be hear . but if the Scottish traitor you have take prisoner be not bring to I as speedily as they might travel , I will hang you by you fuck neck . Henry watch he another moment . henry iv ( cont 'd ) have this be hear , percy ? hotspur fume . he heave he chair from the table and stride to the door . Northumberland rise meekly and bow . scrope look to he , catch he eye . northumberland please forgive we , you majesty . they scurry after hotspur . Henry watch they leave . the courtier remain silent , unable to read the King 's disposition . henry iv what a venomous boy . he will betray I now . I be sure of it . Henry return he attention to he chicken wing . henry iv ( cont 'd ) but if only he be my son . int . apartment / eastcheap - day prince ' hal ' henry ( 25 ) lie face down and naked on a bed in a spartan single - room apartment . he 's sprawle and snore . daylight punch through the window . sound of people and animal from the street below . the sound of key in the door . it open . a unkempt sir JOHN falstaff ( 45 ) and beale ( 26 ) enter . falstaff 's arm bleed badly . falstaff shut the door behind he loudly . hal wake with a start . hal what be this ? beale falstaff have injure he self . hal how do you get in ? falstaff the door be ajar . hal it be not . falstaff it be . it be ajar . hal it be not ajar . falstaff how else might I gain entry ? be you accuse I of have cut myself a secret key ? hal yes . beale falstaff have injure he self , hal . hal why have you come here ? what happen to you ? hal 's head be throbbing . beale rifle through hal 's stuff . falstaff I think it best a man of you stand not be burden with that particular . I think it best the circumstance in which the injury be accrue be leave entirely mysterious . beale have find a bottle of liquor . beale ( to hal ) will you perform the small repair ? hal no. falstaff you highness . this task require expertise . should you not assist , I fear we friendship may come to a foul end right here on you floor . int . apartment / eastcheap - moment later hal stir honey in a pot . beale pour wine over the gash in falstaff 's arm . falstaff there 's a fresh coin in this for you . hal I do not want you coin . I will require you undiminished loyalty and devotion from here till megiddo . falstaff you have that already . you be a soft negotiator . hal put the honey pot down and go to the fireplace . he pull a iron rod from the fire . beale trickle more booze . falstaff ( cont 'd ) you be waste good wine . beale I be keep it clean . hal sit beside falstaff . he wipe the wound with a strip of linen . he then press the red hot poker right onto it . falstaff scream a scream that quickly turn to maniacal laughter . ext . STREET / eastcheap - day hal , falstaff and beale walk the street in a mangy part of London . butcher 's stall , garbage and mud . fire and smoke . dog , pig and filthy kid . two man in clean cloak step out of a dark doorway and follow . another two man appear from a alley and step in front of hal , they mouth and nose cover by handkerchief . cloak man Prince Henry . falstaff and beale be immediately on edge . they reach discreetly inside they coat for conceal weapon . hal who be you ? cloak man we come from the royal court . we wish to speak with you privately . hal for what ? cloak man please , sire . privately . falstaff privately in the middle of eastcheap ? shall I make a quick up and down to request a mass cover of ear ? 10 . cloak man ( ignore falstaff ) please , sire . hal register the look of earnest intent on the cloak man 's face . he lead he away into a darken alcove . hal what be this ? cloak man you father , his majesty King - hal pull the kerchief from the man 's face , force he to breathe the fetid air . cloak man ( cont ’d ) you father , his majesty King Henry , be ill . he request you presence . hal pause momentarily , processing this mention of he father . hal for what ? cloak man you presence have be request . hal I suggest you return to the palace directly and tell he he request be wholly ignore . cloak man I have be instruct to deliver the request with great urgency . hal then you might tell he you urgency be also wholly ignore . hal step past the man , lead falstaff and beale away . int . tavern / eastcheap - day a dingy tavern . falstaff sit with other , among they beale and a drunk hal . falstaff remember . remember that as we speak there be two pope . two ! one in Rome . one in France . ( more ) 11 . falstaff ( cont 'd ) they both claim to be the Lord 's voice here on earth . they can not both be . why would a good Lord allow he kingdom to be so puzzle ? he would not , be that question 's answer . drinker which then be the true Pope ? falstaff I say not one or the other . I say the very fact of they quarrel make they both snake . and so , if we holy Roman father can not convey to we a true voice of authority , why should we assume that that snake beneath they speak with any authority ? the whole house be writhe with snake - drinker stop this now . falstaff why now ? drinker I say stop . falstaff be you afraid Thomas might come for you in the night ? do not be afraid of my idea . they be only idea . drinker you sit before I now and tell I you no believe in the power of the one true God . falstaff I do not . I do believe in the one true God . how dare you suggest otherwise . I do not believe that we archbishop of canterbury speak for he . I would say we archbishop Thomas arundel only claim to speak for he . drinker to what end ? 12 . falstaff clearly to he own damned end . drinker you best bite you tongue in the company you keep . you ’1ll have yourself neck . falstaff ( to hal ) you would have I neck ? hal smile . falstaff ( cont 'd ) ( to the drinker ) I would say you devotion to the archbishop - if it be devotion and not a slickly ruse to warm the mood of this company I keep - I would say it have I a more true believer in the one God than you . drinker bite you tongue or I will neck you myself . falstaff bite my tongue ? why on this earth would I bite my own tongue ? drinker you word in this air be a poison . falstaff oh . my voice rile you . maybe then better you should bite you own ear off . ( start laugh at the think of it ) bite you own ear off ! and maybe after you should kick yourself in you own ball ! the drinker stand as if to confront falstaff . hal laugh . from across the room , the tavern 's hostess hooper yell - hooper stop now . falstaff meanwhile be attempt to bite he own ear off . and then as the drinker take a step closer , falstaff spring up and pin he against a wall , a dagger to he throat . 13 . falstaff now now . settle , my petal . you have a little brutish feel in you belly . I see there be only one course to straighten this dispute ... ( beat , cold stare ) you and I will cockfight ... ( release the drinker , he tone lighten instantly ) hal , my knee be queer . you must be my cock . int . tavern / eastcheap - moment later a space have be clear on the floor to stage the cockfight . the ' cock 's be hal and the drinker , crouch on haunch and face off . beale stand behind hal hold a horizontal sword six inch over he head . another man stand behind the drinker , hold a stick six inch over he . falstaff rule be plain . you topple over , you lose . you rise you head to the level , you lose . that be the rule . un , deux , trois . the fight be on . hal and the drinker waddle towards each other , swiping and grab . they tussle , retreat . tussle , retreat . onlooker yelp support . and then hal grab the drinker by he knee and topple he over . onlooker howl . falstaff raise he arm in the air . falstaff ( cont 'd ) the Lord hath speak ! hal lie on he back , laugh . int . apartment / eastcheap - night 8 hal be drunk . he kiss a young woman on the bed . they laugh . woman you highness . hal stop laugh . woman ( cont ’d ) you highness . hal cover she mouth . he be suddenly dark and distant . 14. hal stop . she be take by surprise , intimidate . hal ( cont 'd ) stop . hal take he hand away . she seem uneasy . he kiss she . the woman have go quiet . int . apartment / eastcheap - morning hal snore . the woman sleep beside he . then the sound of a key in the door - falstaff enter . he open the curtain , stir the woman . with unforce chivalry , he coax she from bed . hal do not stir . falstaff my lady . it 's time to leave . he gather she clothes . she wake groggily . falstaff ( cont 'd ) that 's good , my dear . jump up . the day have begin . woman why ? falstaff shhh . the day have begin . look . out there . it 's well underway . you might miss it . disorient , the woman lift herself . falstaff hold she shirt . falstaff ( cont 'd ) that 's the spirit . lift you arm . she lift she arm . falstaff pull the shirt down over she head . falstaff ( cont 'd ) I be sorry to interrupt you slumber . he usher she out of the room and close the door behind she . he place a cup of ale beside hal and sit . hal what be you do ? hal speak muffle , groggy , face smudge into the pillow . 15 . falstaff can you hear I ? hal grunt . falstaff ( cont 'd ) you must get that door fix . hal what be it ? falstaff visit with you father . hal go away . falstaff if you father be indeed enough gravely ill to request you presence , then you must visit with he - it should be better to regret have do so than it would to have not . no matter you feeling for he . if you father be ill , you must visit with he . and - let I add - I say it not out of concern for we king 's well be , more for fear of the drunken soak to which you be likely to succumb should you fail to heed he call and he be to die without you have square you ledger ... I fear it would be soak enough to put even I to shame . hal stare at falstaff , lucid and penetrate , with he one eye not smudge into the pillow . falstaff watch hal a moment . falstaff ( cont 'd ) do it . if nothing else I ever suggest . falstaff rise and exit . hal percolate falstaff 's advice . ext . royal court - day hal at the palace gate . without exchange with the guard , he be grant entry . all watch he with cold interest if not disdain . 16 . int . antechamber / royal court - day hal walk the hall under escort . as he approach the antechamber he cross path with grey and Cambridge on they way into the great hall . grey eye he with contempt . Cambridge look at he cautiously , search . William approach hal with something more like compassion . he genuflect subtly . william my lord . you father expect you . hal he should not . William observe hal 's state of dishevelment . int . great hall / royal court - day King Henry be in he chair , visibly weak , preside over a sit of parliament . the full court plus the archbishop of canterbury and clerical attendant be there . thomas of lancaster , the King 's 18 year - old son , hal 's young brother , be there too . the archbishop be address the king . he 's bumptious , but nervous , and have a lisp . archbishop never . never would I dare doubt you majesty 's piety , however I would remind you of the service we - henry iv archbishop , I would have think we lord above would want we all to share in he bounty . archbishop my liege , while I see the strain you treasury be under , I can not help but wonder if the canker of lollardy be somehow at the root of this suggestion , that I - or rather the church - be burden with a tax to relieve problem that be not of the church 's make . william you highness . 17 . the King look up . other turn also as hal step into the room . william ( cont 'd ) Henry , Prince of Wale . henry iv my son . come to I . the archbishop appear put out . he regards hal with derision . hal cross the room . he bow before he father , take in he frailty . Henry take in he son 's slovenliness . henry iv ( cont 'd ) come closer . hal take a step closer . Henry watch he a moment . henry iv ( cont 'd ) I feel my life be near its natural end and yet still even I must appear of ruder health than you . hal do not respond . he continue look he father in the eye . henry iv ( cont 'd ) the time have come for I to consider the issue of my succession . you will not be king . hal remain fix . a barely conceal smirk on the face of grey . henry iv ( cont 'd ) while you be my eldest son , for reason that must be evident to you , that be on display for all here to see and smell , you will not inherit this crown . hal nor have I seek it . henry iv that privilege and responsibility will instead fall to you brother Thomas . Thomas straighten , posture regally . it do not suit he . 18 . henry iv ( cont 'd ) as you may be aware - to whatever degree you be aware of the world outside you own - I will assume you be aware that the kingdom be at war with itself . matter as grave as this require leadership commit to they resolution and you - of this I be sure - you can not provide that commitment . Thomas , however , can . he be soft , but he be eager and he will lead my army against the newly treasonous percy hotspur . hal look at Thomas who have trouble meeting hal 's eye . henry iv ( cont 'd ) I will assume this news come to you as neither surprise nor disappointment . I do however see it as my duty as King and as father to say it to you directly . hal walk to Thomas . Thomas raise he head , hold hal 's eye . hal how do you feel , brother ? thomas strong . hal when do you fight ? thomas I set off tomorrow . we fight by week 's end . hal you need not fight . this feud need not be yours . hal take Thomas 's face in he hand . Thomas lean he head away and try to stare at hal . he be young and afraid . henry iv I have say what you be summonse to hear . leave we now . hal turn to he father , one last cold look , then leave . 19 . int . tavern / eastcheap - night slow-motion : falstaff be drunk , dance in woman 's clothing , own the room with he sweaty heft . other drinker laugh . hal sit in the corner , oblivious and darkly contemplative . ext . field / england - morning a foggy field . Men in armour , horse , a air of trepidation . Thomas be help into he breastplate by a amrourer . he 's nervous . he raise he arm as a strap be tightened . a captain wait nearby . thomas ( pain ) be it not too tight ? armourer it have be make to the measurement I be give , sire . thomas May be you be give the wrong one . it feel tight . I can barely turn . armourer it be to be wear tight , sire . Thomas step away like he 's try on new shoe . he seem awkward in he heavy suit , overwhelm by it . he walk among man nearby . he smile wanly . the man regard he with uncertainty . thomasx captain my lord , we must meet with you marshal . as the sun rise , the day will unfold . we must complete we preparation . thomas of course . ext . tent / field / england - morning Thomas enter the circle of seat man await he . they bow they head , but clearly doubt he skill and experience and worry about they own fate as a consequence . 20 . thomas Lord dorset , be you man ready for the day ? dorset they be , sire . thomas very good . ( awkward beat ) tell I of you preparation . - and then a commotion from beyond the tent . hal approach slowly on horseback . a lone muscular figure . a hush descend . to most here , hal be a almost mythical figure - the renegade son of they tyrannical king . he dismount . he walk to Thomas . the crowd part for he . he look sharp , determine , steely . thomas ( cont 'd ) why be you here ? hal I will not allow this havoc to transpire . I have come to see it stop . thomas this be my battle . you have no place here . hal if I have my way there will be no battle . hal turn to a herald nearby . hal ( cont 'd ) you . come here . thomas you have no place here . hal ( to herald ) go to the rebel camp and deliver this message to percy hotspur . tell he that Prince Henry challenge he to settle today 's score man on man . he and I . we fight in we army 's place . 21 . thomas I do not need you to fight my battle . hal this battle be not yours . the herald have not move , confuse . hal step towards he . hal ( cont 'd ) why have you not move ? go ! the herald scurries away . dorset rise from the circle . dorset who do you think you be ? hal I be nobody to you . as you be nobody to I . as hal walk away , he watch the herald 's horse gallop across the field toward the rebel camp . int . tent / rebel camp / england - morning hotspur stand . Northumberland sit . scrope be there , have defect from the King 's inner circle . hotspur I will fight he . I will defeat he . northumberland that you surely would , my son . hotspur I will defeat he and we can leave this field whole and victorious . scrope that thrill of victory you so foresee would be short live , for there be little chance that the King Henry would allow we walk free from this field . he would have we forever mark as traitor and we would spend the rest of we day await he recrimination . hotspur the offer have be make . scrope the Prince Henry speak not for he father . of this I be certain . you have start something , we have start something much larger here , and we must see it properly conclude . northumberland you be eager to fight , my son . and you will . and we shall fight alongside you . we will burn they . we will burn Henry 's reign to the ground . ext . tent / field / england - morning hal be fitting himself with armour . he do so solemnly and meticulously . this may be he last moment alive . Thomas approach he , furious . thomas it be unconscionable that you should seek to commandeer this moment of mine . this moment belong to I . hal this be not a battle you should be compel to fight . this trouble be not of you make . thomas this be not for you to decide ! this be not you place ! hal you do not know war , Thomas . thomas I do know war . hal you do not . you may have skirt its perimeter , but you have not be inside it such as that which brews here on this field . and this here be not a place any sane or good man should aspire to know . hal look at Thomas , hope he can see he sincere concern . 23. hal ( cont 'd ) you have be recruit to we father 's madness , to war that need not be fight . when I turn my back on he , on my birthright , I be turn my back on this field . this man be not we enemy , but we father have make they thus . thomas why then be you here ? you so disapprove of we cause , and yet still you find it necessary to upstage I ? hal I do this not to steal you thunder , brother . I do it to save you life . thomas this be not you decision to make ! westmorland approach . John turn , agitate . westmorland pardon I , my lord . thomas what be it ? westmorland we herald be return from the rebel camp . they have refuse Prince Henry 's offer . Thomas be stunne silent . ext . field / england - day a line of two thousand man and horse - a battle - ready army . Far across the field , the thin line of hotspur 's force be visible . Thomas stride to dorset and other officer . all be quiet . dorset you should address the man , my lord - as be customary . thomas of course . 24 . Thomas look around at the mass of man before he . they watch he . he clear he throat . thomas ( cont 'd ) Men . this day shall be a glorious one . it shall be a day that will live on in we memory for many year to come . beat . Thomas look nervously at the man stare back he , cold , distrustful . his pause be awkward , long . he continue weakly . thomas ( cont 'd ) Battles such as this one be the pillar upon which a man 's life be build . Thomas stop . a murmure from the man . dorset lean in close . dorset you must speak up , sire . the man be have difficulty hearing you . Thomas be rattle , embarrassed . he steel himself and then , loudly , yell uncomfortably - thomas I know that many of you doubt I . I know many of you think I unworthy of you respect . but I promise you that today , from this moment , I will do everything in my power to make myself worthy of you respect . awkward silence . the man wait for more . none come . ext . rebel camp / england - day rebel preparation . hotspur be now in formidable knight 's armour , elaborate and fearsome . he seem troubled . he don he helmet and mount he horse , also deck in intimidating armour . together they look powerfully murderous . hotspur look around the camp a moment , breathe deep behind he visor . he then spur he horse hard and gallop away across the field towards the English army . startle attendant call after he . 25 . ext . field / england - day Thomas stand weak before he man . officer loke ! there ! all turn to see hotspur 's lone , sharp approach across the field . hotspur ride steadily towards Thomas 's army . as he near , he slow , then stop close to the line . he remove he helmet . hotspur where be Henry ? I have come to fight he , in we army 's stead . Thomas step forward , distress and angry . thomas no . his offer be refuse . we be ready . hotspur the offer have be reconsider . I will fight Henry . the outcome of that fight shall stand for the larger battle forestalled . it will be do . hotspur dismount he horse . thomas I say no . it will not be do . hotspur walk closer . hotspur why be the little dog bark ? where be the big dog ? hal step forward , helmet under he arm , sword by he side . hal it will be do . thomas no! hal if this here might prevent the death of countless of you man then you should wish it be do . you should wish it be do ! 26 . Thomas can feel the heavy stare of man who would rather not die , many of whom be themselves unsure of this battle 's aim . hal watch he a moment , then step further towards hotspur . hotspur and here I be with the whore fool . hal this fight need not be have , percy . my father will soon be dead , and you grievance will die with he . hotspur do not be afraid of we small contest , little hal . I promise to finish it quickly . hotspur don he helmet . hal watch he . hal don he own helmet . he stand firm , raise he sword . hotspur advance , calmly . hal circle he . hotspur ( cont ’d ) you father be plague to England . hal charge forward , swinging he sword . hotspur block and deflect he easily . hal stumble . hotspur stand calm and cocksure as hal regather . hotspur ( cont ’d ) come for I , big dog . hal attack again , this time steadier , more sure - foote . they trade blow . hotspur be a powerful and battle - fit warrior . hal seem more troubled by the contest , struggle to keep he foot and trade blow . they fight , separate and circle each other . despite he ascendency , hotspur seem surprised by the fight hal put up . he expect the win to be easier . he concentrate hard . Northumberland and scrope have arrive on horseback from the rebel camp . they watch the fight . another vicious exchange . the man break . they watch each other , catch breath . they circle one another . 21 27 . hotspur ( cont ’d ) come for I again , dog . hal raise he sword and stand firm and wait . hotspur fix coldly on he , then charge . the exchange be brutal . hal lose he sword . he stand vulnerable . he pull he dagger from its scabbard . hotspur laugh from behind he visor , then charge again . hal duck , spin . hotspur trip and fall . hal wheel around and thrust he dagger straight through hotspur 's throat . hotspur be kill . hal stand over he , heaving for breath . the mass English army bear witness stand silent , shocked , relieved , confuse - certainly they do not want to die , but many feel a great allegiance to hotspur than they do the family they be to fight for today . hal pull off he helmet . he toss it on the dirt . he bend and lift hotspur 's helmet off . he contemplate hotspur 's lifeless face . he seem sadden by it . hal carry hotspur 's helmet over to Thomas . all watch , silent . he drop the helmet at Thomas 's foot . hal some day this will be you head , drop at the foot of a man who might otherwise have be you brother . walk away from this field . thomas after you have steal its prize scalp ? this be what shall be speak of tomorrow . this field be mine , it be to mark my dominion . instead now it mark only this head . this fuck head . Thomas kick hotspur 's helmet like a football and walk away through the crowd . int . bedroom / tavern / eastcheap - night 21 falstaff be asleep in bed snore . a knock at the door . the door open - it 's hostess hooper . falstaff go away . 22 23 28 . hooper you might wish to see to you otherwise well appoint friend . he seem to have take a pitiful turn . ext . STREET / eastcheap - moment later 22 falstaff step into the dark , quiet street to find beale try to rouse hal who lie drunk and sick against a wall . beale hal 's up - chuck again . falstaff crouch before hal . beale step away . falstaff hello , friend . what 's this foul mess you have choose to lie in ? int . tavern / eastcheap - later 23 the tavern have emptied . hal sit against a wall with a sick bucket . falstaff sit beside he , stare ahead . falstaff Battle be ugly , brother . many time have I see man in you state . I have be in it many time over myself . for all we rejoice of courage and valour , nothing stain the soul more indelibly than kill . never have I feel more vile than stand victorious on a battlefield ... the thrill of victory fade quickly . what linger long after be always ugly . nothingness ... Ugly . falstaff sit remember war . he shudder , shake it off . falstaff ( cont 'd ) never again , I say . hal stop . stop talk , old man . falstaff smile and pat hal on the shoulder . falstaff I will never stop talk , hal . falstaff stand and head for the stair . 29 . int . tavern / eastcheap - morning hal be asleep on the floor . a glove hand shake he shoulder . voice my lord . hal wake . William stand over he , accompany by a guard . hal what business ? william it be a matter of great urgency . hal you should hurry along then . william please , my lord . hal sit up . it 's a struggle . his head be throbbing . william ( cont 'd ) you father , my lord . he be gravely ill . hal that hook have lose its worm . hal massage he temple . William address he guard . william wait for I outside . the guard exit . William sit on a bench beside hal . william ( cont 'd ) England need a king . hal England may do better without one . william no doubt you father have bring much trouble to this kingdom , but I fear the chaos that might erupt in he absence . England need a king and I suspect that sentiment of yours that have you resile from he might be precisely that the governance of this land need ... you must be king . 30 . hal why do you say this to I ? speak to Thomas . be he not to be you new king ? william I be afraid that be not possible , my lord . William pause . hal look at he , suddenly concerned . william ( cont 'd ) you brother be kill in Wale not a week go by ... after you defeat of Lord percy , young Thomas press on to the western field . this be where he meet he end . the news rock hal . william ( cont 'd ) it be say he give valiant account of himself . hal stand and head for the door . William watch hal 's exit . omitted ext . royal court - day 26 hal 's booming voice echoe off the stone wall of the palace . hal ( 0.s. ) where be you !? int . kitchen / royal court - continuous attendant hard at work in the smoky , bustling kitchen look up at the noise . hal ( 0.s. ) where be you !? int . great hall / royal court - continuous Palace attendant move furniture in the otherwise empty hall be also startle by the noise . hal ( 0.s. ) where be he ?! 31 . int . office / royal court - continuous hal stride into he father 's office adjacent to he bedchamber . hal where be he ? where be the monster ? in the office , grey and other loiter . grey turn to hal . grey tis a grave day , my lord . hal swing he to the wall . hal be it ? truly ? the vulture show the way to the carcass . hal release he and burst through the door . int . king bedchamber / royal court - day hal charge in . Cambridge , dorset , westmorland and other sit quietly . the lord chamberlain be there . the archbishop sit beside the bed . hal move. leave he . archbishop the King need rest . hal soon he will have it . the King lie prone in bed , breathe shallow , face contort . archbishop he 's die . hal leave then . it 's too late for you . archbishop I give he comfort - hal ( yell furiously ) get away ! the archbishop back away , scurries for the door . 32 . hal grab the sheet from the bed and pull they off . he stand over he die father , shrivel and expose on the bed . hal ( cont 'd ) you deserve no comfort . the King struggle for breath , wrack with fear . he be cry . hal ( cont 'd ) do you feel the cold ? hal wait for some kind of response . Henry be distraught . hal ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) speak ! do you feel this cold ? the King stare into some middle distance , break and childlike . hal ( cont 'd ) speak . hal start cry now . and then he anger rise again . hal ( cont 'd ) speak , wretch . speak to I . courtier sit quietly , cautious . the King whimper . henry iv ( barely intelligible ) you must be king , my son . please . I love you . hal take this in . his tear run harder . the King wheeze . henry iv ( cont 'd ) I know not what I have do . he continue to wheeze as he fade . hal look to the crown sit on a beside table . he stare at it . other in the room wait uncomfortably , stare at hal 's back . hal stand . he turn . all stoop apprehensively to a knee . all my liege . hal stand before they . hal look at I . 33 . the man look up . he look they all square . he have harden . hal ( cont 'd ) he will be dead by morning . no one breathes . hal watch they - he world shifting . hal ( cont 'd ) you know not what will become of you . ( beat ) and so I offer you now the most bless reprieve and the most dreadful misery - one and same - that you shall suffer the indignity of serve I , the wayward son you so revile . hal stare they down . hal ( cont 'd ) but know now that you will be watch over by a altogether different king . pause . the man genuflect again . hal ( cont 'd ) before you falsely honour you new king , you might with fondness farewell you old . hal catch sight of William , newly arrive . omitted ext . STREET / eastcheap - day William and the Lord Chamberlain with three guard in the street outside hal 's apartment . William survey the street , then head inside it . int . apartment / eastcheap - day a key in the door . it swing open . the Lord Chamberlain , William and two guard enter to find falstaff startle awake and disorient in hal 's bed . falstaff what be this ? 34 . lord chamberlain who be you ? falstaff I be I . who be you ? lord chamberlain what be you purpose here ? falstaff I think you just wake I up from it , do not you ? lord chamberlain rise from that bed . at once . falstaff who be you ? where be hal ? lord chamberlain this lodging and they content be the property of the King of England . you be trespasp and I order you to vacate at once . falstaff be momentarily take aback . he scoff . falstaff what King of England ? int . king 's bedchamber / royal court - day dresser fit hal in ceremonial robe . William sit watch . the Lord Chamberlain be there too , at attention . william be you comfortable ? hal adjust he garment . he be not comfortable . william ( cont 'd ) you need only follow the archbishop 's lead . a coronation be one such event at which the King need be little more than present . and awake , I suppose . ( beat ) many hour might this day consume but , like any other , it will end . you be a honourable man . you will not be alone in you endeavour . I can assure you of this . you shall have I beside you at every turn . 35 . ext . westminster abbey - day hal walk barefoot in ceremonial procession through a crowd of noble onlooker . William , dorset and westmorland be with he . the archbishop lead . hal seem vulnerable . the crowd watch with quiet reserve . he may have inherite the kingdom , but it feel today as though the kingdom own he . int . westminster abbey - day the abbey be huge and full of peer and nobility , watch - hal on all four on the chancel , disrobe , wear only breech . the archbishop stand over he , massage oil into he arm , back and shoulder . hal seem vulnerable , submit to the arcane , unsettle , almost sexual ceremony . bishop bear witness . the crowd watch in silence . later : hal , clothed in full regal attire , sit on a throne by the altar . the archbishop address the large crowd . archbishop will ye , sir , at this time give you will and assent to this consecration whereunto the people shall say with a great voice , yea , yea , yea , so be it , King Henry , King Henry , King Henry ! crowd King Henry ! King Henry ! King Henry ! the crown of Saint Edward be place upon hal 's head . in procession , he be kiss by each of the bishop as he stare out at he inscrutable subject . int . great hall / royal court - night hal stand at a huge banquet table , flanke by William , the Duke of York , dorset , westmorland , grey and Cambridge . a few seat from hal sit the archbishop . in all , forty or more . duke and duchess . Men of church , war and politics - and , beside some of this man , woman sit watch the new king carefully . among they be queen philippa , hal 's 21 year - old sister , who - in marriage - be now Queen of Denmark , Norway and Sweden . she sit beside she husband , eric of pomerania . laid out on a side - table near hal be a great pile of gift . servant remove plate from the table . a meal have be eat . 36 . the Lord Chamberlain present one of the gift to hal . lord chamberlain from wenceslaus , King of bohemia . hal open the box and pull out a ornate vase . he inspect it . lord chamberlain ( cont ’d ) ( read from a card ) ' I , King wenceslaus of bohemia , present this gift to King Henry of England . to long and good health . 's hal beautiful . hal look to philippa . he walk round the table to she . hal ( cont 'd ) as I be sure you all know , my young sister philippa have join we here today . Queen of Denmark ! hal stand behind she . he lovingly hold she shoulder . hal ( cont 'd ) I be thankful that she and she husband , the good King Eric , have travel all this way to wish I well . to wish England well . ( to Eric ) how stand she , Eric ? as queen ? I hope nobly . eric well she stand , you majesty . hal I be happy to hear it . I wish for you take this vase , my dear . let its beauty stand for you beauty which stand in turn for England 's beauty . hal put the vase on the table before philippa and kiss she cheek . she smile . philippa I thank you , my liege . hal return to he seat . hal the next surprise , Lord Chamberlain . lord chamberlain from Zsigmond , King of hungary . ( read card ) ' May you reign be peaceful and you kingdom eternally prosperous . 's 37 . another box . hal open it . Inside be a quill and ink pot . hal inspect it . hal a quill . a nice one . ( to William ) I feel you should have this gift , Chief justice , for the signing of royal decree . let it represent England 's lawfulness . william thank you , my liege . all at the table enjoy this display of largesse from hal . all be smile , await the next surprise . lord chamberlain his sincerity , the doge , and the republic of Venice , present this gift in you honour , my liege . hal inspect the box , try to figure out how it open . lord chamberlain ( cont ’d ) ( read the gift letter ) it say it be a bird from constantinople . hal a bird ! a dead one I should suppose if it have travel here from constantinople by venezia in this box . laughter at the table . hal manage to open the box . a small , intricately craft metal bird . hal study it . william if I may , my liege . Inside be hal hand the bird to William . William inspect its underside and twist a dial there . he place the bird down on the table upon which it flap its wing like the wind - up toy it be . 38 . all at the table gasp , enthralled , horrify , watch the bird twist and flap . they have never see anything like it . william ( cont 'd ) unnatural mechanic from the edge of christendom . hal watch the bird with fascination as it come to a stop . he pick it up , turn it over , inspect its underside . hal a wonder ... well , this belong to my old friend , Lord Cambridge . hal walk around the table to Cambridge 's seat . he put the bird on the table before he and clasp he by the shoulder . hal ( cont 'd ) of all at this table , none have I know longer than I have you . I have indeed know you longer than I have my own young sister . hal smile at philippa . she smile back carefully . hal return he attention to Cambridge . hal ( cont 'd ) we be raise together . we play game together . we have fight in battle together . you have be like a older brother to I . and so , in honour of this , I think it only fitting that you , my good Lord Cambridge , should have this magical bird from constantinople . let 's hope its magic be not black and unholy ! constantinople indeed . hal kiss Cambridge 's temple as all laugh and applaud . hal return to he seat as Cambridge inspect he new toy . hal ( cont 'd ) more ! lord chamberlain from Charles , King of France . the Lord Chamberlain inspect the card . lord chamberlain ( cont ’d ) pardon I . not from the King . it 's from the Prince , he son . the dauphin. 39 . the Lord Chamberlain turn the card over . lord chamberlain ( cont ’d ) no message . hal no message from the dauphin ? hal put the small chest on the table before he . he open it and freeze , stare into the box . all wait in anticipation . they sense something wrong . hal reach into the box and pull out a old - style tennis ball . hal ( cont 'd ) a ball . silence . this be clearly a insult to the new king . hal ( cont 'd ) there be no accompany message ? lord chamberlain no , my liege . hal continue look at the ball . he close the chest . hal I shall keep this gift . this one be send for I . he examine the ball , turn it in he hand . hal ( cont 'd ) for the boy that once I be . hal step back from the table and throw the ball hard against the stone wall . it echoe loud and bounce back to he . hal ( cont 'd ) the Prince and I might play a set one day . ( to Cambridge ) you should not mind , Lord Cambridge , if I find myself a new play friend , would you ? for jeu de paume ? mute laughter . Cambridge smile politely . the woman - hal 's sister , philippa , especially - watch hal closely . 40 . hal ( cont 'd ) Lord Chamberlain . next . make this one a good one , please . we hold on hal as the Lord Chamberlain sort uncomfortably through the remain gift . lord chamberlain from the King of Denmark , Eric of pomerania - hal ( flat ) ah , good Eric . I be hope yours might be next . as the Lord Chamberlain read the card , hal become distant . int . office / royal court - day hal sit at the King 's desk , examine a mess of papers . William sit , unsettle , hold the dauphin 's ball . william we must respond . this ball be a insult , to you and to you kingdom . hal remember where , as Prince , I while and how I spend my day . william you spend they in consider privation . hal and drink . drink and clowning . so be there not some truth in this jest ? if the dauphin want from I a paroxysm , why give it he ? william it would not be a show of foul temper for you to respond forcefully to a insult such as this , my liege . it would be a show of strength . hal I appreciate you umbrage , William . and you loyalty . ( more ) 41 . hal ( cont 'd ) but my strength do not lie in I flap up and down at the slight barb like some unholy mechanical bird . hal focuss on the papers spread before he . William sit beside he , wait . hal stop , rub he eye . hal ( cont 'd ) ( be the papers ) make sense of this . this be what be press . william it 's most complicated , my liege . Civil strife have consume we . War drain the purse like little else . hal this strife must end . and it will end by conciliation . we shall pardon we adversary , Lord scrope among they . we shall pay mortimer 's ransom and have he return from Wale . I will write this pardon in mine own hand . I want it know this sentiment be so personal to I . we shall let this man know they be my father 's enemy , not mine . william certainly , my liege . hal ( beat ) how do this strategy greet you ? william great policy shift be best enact with regime change . if this be how you wish to proceed - and I will support you in that endeavour if it be so - then yes , my liege , now would be the time to do it . ext . garden / royal court - day hal be with he sister , philippa , in the palace garden . they stand at the fence of a pen hold two bactrian camel . philippa be enchant . she 's never see anything like they . 42 . behind they , at respectful distance , attendant hover - some armed . hal throw a stick for two dog to fetch . philippa be smile . they talk have be light and tender . philippa he be kind to I . I be happy there . I be yet to give he a child , but he seem not to mind . hal he be a good man . and you be young . philippa do you reconcile with we father before he pass ? hal there be no reconciliation to be have . his pass itself be my reconciliation . he do untold harm to this kingdom . his pass will bring calm with it . philippa I ask not after the kingdom . what of you ? hal I want a end to this unrest . beat . he have not answer she question . hal look philippa I look around that table last night . I look at the face of the man seat at it . and I can feel this calm of which you speak . I can see the ... the hope that you vitality , and you measure , promise they . I do believe they wish you well . ( beat ) but I also see that they have they own kingdom - behind they eye ... do you understand what I say ? at she . philippa ( cont 'd ) this man be more than mere empty vassel await you instruction . 43. hal look away . she search he face , try to read it . philippa ( cont 'd ) I know they not . I have be away too many year . and I be now to return to Denmark . but I have in my time in that court be privy to its commission . I have see there , again and again , that no one ever speak true - wholly true . even when they intention be virtuous , and they hope for the realm be honourable , they be still first and foremost the sovereign of they own kingdom - the kingdom of they own imagine . hal 's shoe 's buckle have come loose . he crouch to re-fasten it . philippa stand over he . she look at he sadly . philippa ( cont 'd ) choose you step wisely , dear brother . tis likely not my place to offer you counsel . but that be my counsel nonetheless . abstract as it may be . hal look up as philippa wander away . hal watch she , suddenly feel strangely alone . scene move to 44a omitted int . great hall / royal court - day full sit of parliament . the archbishop have set up a easel for a presentation . on it be a incomprehensibly complicated genealogical diagram . he have performance jitter . all be assemble . when hal enter with William , all stand . hal archbishop , a presentation I be tell . a performance . the archbishop bow . hal sit . archbishop yes , my liege . please , make yourself comfortable . 44 , hal comfortable . how long be this performance to be ? awkward pause . the archbishop be not good at playful banter . archbishop I speak to King Charles of France 's claim to be the legitimate sovereign ruler of say land . tis - ( try to control lisp ) tis say that the law salic would have no succession of the french crown fall to a woman . meaning no rule leave in the lineage of the female shall by rights pass to she issue . the french have long stripped such title in favour of another whence the title be in fact leave in the female thread in the absence or death of a male heir . now , the law salic which be of salic land and tethere to say land be not , ah , not therefore legally bound - or adherent at all in fact - to the land of France ... but to that of salic . which , as you know , lie between the land of elba and of salve . I claim here , with proof , that hence it follow that the law salic which have see french sovereignty steal as such from a true lineage ... thrice , as I can illuminate , the french have cite the law salic as reason to bar a female succession - hal with reverence ? archbishop yes , my liege ? hal you have yet to introduce you extraordinary puzzle picture there and already I be find this story impossible to follow . archbishop my liege , I question the french King 's claim to the throne upon which he sit . 45 . hal be that so ? what confuse I now be why you be tell I this story . the archbishop , flummox , look to other for support . beat . hal beat . hal ( cont 'd ) archbishop ? I be sorry . have I muddle you ? archbishop my liege , I simply hope to bolster you claim to France should the need to meet she with force soon arise . be unsettle by talk of war . hal and you believe that need will indeed soon arise ? archbishop I , ah , my liege - by way of preparedness , I think it , I believe it always wise - hal preparedness ? if we be to war with France , it will be drive by matter hot and current . I thank you for you performance . I be sorry to cut it short . but war will not come as a consequence of old and impenetrable libretto . archbishop France be you father 's long hold ambition . have he not be bog in civil feud he would most surely have take the fight to she . and then on to Jerusalem . hal Jerusalem ! we be all the way to Holy land , be we ? and to sack the rest of christendom along the way , I presume ! archbishop my liege - 46 . hal I be not my father , archbishop . I would have think this clear by now . ( beat , steely ) do not think I a sapling , gentleman . do not think I might bend to light wind . only with a storm will I uproot . until then ... well act . hal stand and leave . the archbishop look stung . ext . office / royal court - day hal sit in a armchair , contemplative . William sit nearby . william the archbishop be a far from gift orator . hal which be strange give I would have think gift oratory to be a requirement of the position . why be the archbishop speak to I of war with France ? william what you be witness here be a stir . of which we must be wary . I applaud you restraint , my liege . after so many year of strife , you be prove to be more than you father 's son . and this be admirable . and sage . you wish to be a king for the people . we must ensure to that end , however , that you do not remain oblivious to the mood of the people . hal and what mood be this ? william that France be taunting we . hal do you share this mood ? william my opinion matter not . my loyalty be to you , my liege . unwavering . ( more ) william ( cont 'd ) I stand by you . the mood be a fantasy . that do not mean it be not feel true . ext . eastcheap - day falstaff be squatted , do a shit on the edge of a pile on the street . he have he garment bunched and to shoo away a persistent scavenge dog . he finish , pull up he breech , and join beale nearby . they walk . the street be busy and filthy as falstaff why in heaven a dog would want to eat my shit I cannot fathom . why would it not eat its own shit if it have such a taste for shit ? if only I have a taste for my own shit . I would need never search for food again . beale dog do eat they own shit . I see they do it . falstaff mine would be a higher order of it . if I be a shit -eate mongrel cur I s’pose I would too want a steaming hot plate of Sir John 's blog . 47 . stink - be have wait usual . beale have notice that falstaff be walk with purpose in a very particular direction . beale we can not be go to hooper 's . falstaff yes we can . beale she will not have you . falstaff yes she will . int . tavern / eastcheap - day falstaff and beale enter the tavern . it 's busy despite the morning hour . falstaff attempt to slink in unnotice . he make it half way across the room before he be . 48 . hooper no ! falstaff yes ! hooper make she way across the room to he as he take a seat at a table with other man . hooper no . falstaff yes . hooper you be not welcome here . unless you have come to pay what you owe I . falstaff I have pay you . hooper you have pay I a snatch of what you owe . and I presume too from the proceed of thieve . falstaff lies . hooper and so , by all account , you be not specially good at thieve neither . falstaff lies . how dare you so address I . why would you be so churlish with the very man most likely to lift you from this stinking rat-hole ? maybe you have forget , but my association now stretch to the high reach of the realm . you insolence might as well be direct to the King himself . ponder that now . hooper be you speak of hal ? falstaff , haughty , pretend the question be beneath he . hooper ( cont 'd ) where be he ? where be hal ? where be we King ? ( more ) 49 , hooper ( cont 'd ) he be go week and week now . where be he ? I would say you be the one who 's be forget . I would say you dalliance with the upper reach of the realm be short - live in and around he stinking sick bucket . seem you be little more than pass keeper of a prince 's puke . ponder that now . Men at the table laugh . falstaff be embarrassed . beale nell , Sir John be down on he luck . falstaff I be not . hooper you find someone to pay you way here . i’1l not be pay it for you . hooper walk away , leave falstaff embarrassed . int . hallway to dungeon / royal court - day hal walk at pace with two sentries . they head down a spiral stair , past guard , into a dark and dank corner of the palace . a buzz in the air . hal be concerned . int . dungeon / royal court - moment later hal be lead into the dungeon . Guards loiter . William be there . William look to the guard . they exit . hal sit opposite gilrich ( 20 ) , a effete frenchman in chain . [ hal and gilrich will speak to each other in french , subtitle . ] hal who be you ? the man say nothing . he look to William . william he seek asylum in return for he tale . hal I do not doubt this can be arrange . 50 . gilrich can it or not ? you be the King , no ? beat . gilrich and hal size each other up . hal it can be arrange . gilrich I have be send by the King of France to assassinate you . hal Charles himself send you ? you know this to be certain ? gilrich the order 's origin I know , yes . from the King . hal what be the order ? gilrich that I should kill the King of England . hal how ? gilrich however . any way . how many way to kill a man . tis my talent - kill man who do not expect to be kill . hal contemplate he prospective killer . hal in return for this admission you seek impunity and sanctuary here in England . gilrich oui . yes. int . office / royal court - day hal with William , dorset , Cambridge , grey , westmorland - and scrope , newly return from he rebel defection . dorset this be a act of war . 51 . scrope the man we have chain now be but a coward . maybe he be too low pay . whatever he grievance , he be send . which mean another may come . and I fear the next may be of firmer mettle than the weasel that nest in the dungeon beneath we foot . hal at such a time as I endeavour to foster a fresh and peaceful air for this kingdom to breathe , it be not in my interest to stir hostility with another . I would expect you , Lord scrope , to understand this as well as any other . I have welcome you back to this court so as to forge quite the opposite of whatever bellicose fever it be that have you turn you arm against it . scrope look at hal with defiance . he have indeed be welcome back - only to be shut down . William break tension . william understand we do , my liege , but - with respect - to ignore such a audacious act of aggression will be see as weakness . this be no game ball . this be a assassin . hal would you consider I weak , Chief justice ? william certainly not , my liege . no . I see the honour in you intent . I speak more of the kingdom , of what the kingdom see . hal of what the kingdom see . and how , pray , might the kingdom see the weasel beneath we foot ? hal feel hal look 52 . william that weasel be a pimple . if France 's animus towards you run deep enough for they to send a assassin , then it will be feel in the street , ours and theirs . it will be know . he leadership test . the other man wait and watch . william ( cont 'd ) we share you concern , my liege . we share you long for peace . but the stability of peace today need more than harmony . it need strength and confidence . this be quality that can originate only in you , the King . they must be see - and feel . at William . he think . he turn to a attendant . hal take down this word , address to King Charles of France . hal take the ball from the dauphin 's chest . he bounce it once , twice , on he desk . hal ( cont 'd ) this assassin you send can be take as nothing other than a infant act of war . if this be you intention , I say you let it be know plainly and honourably and that you desist from the timorous slither in which you presently engage . if it be war you seek , send the full weight of you army , for a lone and cowardly assassin will not topple this King Henry the fifth of England you so underestimate . hal lift the chest and empty the tennis ball on the floor . he drop the chest back on he desk . hal ( cont 'd ) fill this with gun-stone and send it back to France . 53 . int . great hall / royal court - day hal , on he throne . a full sit of parliament . a speech be be give . hal , half - listen , search the face of the man before he . all inscrutable . int . chapel / royal court - day hal alone , on he knee at the altar , deep in prayer . ext . english countryside - evening all be ominously still . the sky the colour of blood . ext . cambridge 's estate - evening a stately manor house in last light . a carriage pull up outside it . a man alight , look around warily . int . cambridge 's estate - evening Cambridge step into the entrance hall to meet he steward at the front door . Cambridge 's child be in the kitchen behind he . there be a wary tension in the air . cambridge who be it ? cambridgeass steward a frenchman , sire . he say he wish to speak with you privately . cambridge about what ? cambridgeass steward he would not say , sire . I ask of he . he would not say . int . private chamber / cambridge 's estate - night the man , a french envoy , take a seat in Cambridge 's sit chamber . he wait for the attendant to leave before speak . envoy my King have send I to seek out man he feel he can trust . he believe there be discreet discussion to be have . 54 . cambridge what discussion ? envoy he believe there be discussion to be have about you new King of England . Cambridge realise he be now in a precarious position . omitted omitted int . antechamber / royal court - day Cambridge and grey with William in a quiet corner . cambridge only myself and Lord grey be meet . we know not where to turn ... about what be speak to we . nervous , he look to grey who stand , eager to cut the fuss . grey we be all of we aware that there be a stand problem . we King be of low repute . william the french King teach you this ? be he not thankful for young Henry 's light reaction to he provocation ? or do he come on spoil ? cambridge the assassin he swear he know not of . tis a charge he deny . william the plot come to nought . of course he would wish to wipe he hand of it . cambridge whatever the root , they have express grave concern regard we King 's mental fortitude and what it might mean for relation between we kingdom . William think , watch Cambridge . cambridge ( cont 'd ) I myself once count his majesty a brother , but , my lord , as you say , much have - william be the envoy to be trust ? cambridge I believe so . as if you yourself be to voyage on Henry 's behalf . william Charles wish to dethrone we King . cambridge they have proffer no course of action . they merely wish to establish that they concern be mutually hold . grey the issue be not France . this be but a reminder to we of a more general lunacy . a man who but week ago be a drunken boor from the sewer of eastcheap now wear England 's crown ... what shall become of we ? what shall become of we when civil misdeed be forgiven as if they be but indiscretion ? when traitor be invite to rejoin the court as if they have be but away on sojourn ? when it appear - william yes . this concern be current and numerous . something must be do ... and something will be do . int . william' chamber / royal court - day hal be seat . William stand beside he desk . 56 . william thus be the King 's burden . a king must make decision lesser man be neither willing nor able to make . a king be indeed present with quandary lesser man might never encounter in the course of they whole life . hal drop he head , stare at the floor . william ( cont 'd ) I wish it be not so . but problem , my liege - this be my experience - problem leave unattend have a habit of become crise . you have a chance here to unite this land truly . you have refresh its mood with promise . but promise must be fulfil . promise can never be a end in itself . pause , hal look at the floor , think . hal one do not secure the integrity of he house by ignore the woodworm ... ( look up at William ) nor by attempt to make peace with it . int . great hall / royal court - day the full court gather , chat casually . William on edge . hal enter , steely . the man go silent as they notice he . hal as of this day we be at war with France . stun silence . grey and Cambridge shuffle nervously . hal ( cont 'd ) twice I have give she the benefit of my doubt . once as a trifling joust which I pay . the second I meet with message caution . this third will not be leave uncheck . 57 . dorset ( beat , cautious ) what be this latest provocation to arouse thy fury , my liege ? hal and so in order to flush this french rat from they nest , I will have it communicate to they that we be now at war . hal stare strangely at the man . hal ( cont 'd ) and who do we propose might deliver this declaration ? a envoy . a man or man of high stand . hal step directly to Cambridge and grey . hal ( cont 'd ) lord grey and Cambridge . I would ask you deliver this message to France give you familiarity with its recipient , but I believe in the morning you be otherwise engage . Cambridge , nervous , wait for hal to continue . hal do not . cambridge pray how , my liege ? hal look he square in the eye . it 's deep and personal . hal tomorrow you will have you head axed off . I have choose to send you as a advance party to Hell for the considerable french number that will soon be need to find space there . hal look at Cambridge . the room be pin-drop still . hal ( cont 'd ) you be once my friend . Cambridge be stunne , bewilder . cambridge I be you friend . hal move away . grey look to William who watch he coldly . 55 58 . ext . execution yard - day 55 Cambridge and grey on a platform - before they a behead block . abject fear on they face . the full court gather . hal and William watch , steely . a guard push grey forward and onto he knee , he neck on the block . grey breathes hard , hyperventilate . clergyman May God take pity on you . a moment pass . strange silence . the headsman swing he axe . grey 's head come off . blood gush . hal watch , and then meet Cambridge 's terrify and confuse eye . int . tavern / eastcheap - night the tavern be busy . noise , loud voice in a confine space . the door open . six armed and mask guard enter and stand ominously at the entrance . the noise die quickly . guard all leave . now . scoundrel grab they cloak and make they way hastily to the door . they file timidly out past the guard . falstaff sit at a far table , watch warily . he take he scarf and go to make a quiet exit . guard ( cont 'd ) you. stay . falstaff sit again , weigh he option as the room empty . hostess hooper remain at a table . a guard point at she . guard ( cont 'd ) you. leave . hooper this be my place . a hood figure walk in and stop at the top of the stair . hooded man the hostess can stay . the man remove he hood . it 's hal . he step in . he approach falstaff . falstaff remain wary , watch hal suspiciously . 59 . hal that 's my welcome ? falstaff you want I to curtsey ? that could take a while , with my funny knee and all . first I have have to stand . then I have have to bend over . we could be here all night . I think I will just stay sit if it suit you highness . hal place a purse of coin on the table for hooper . hal for the loss of patronage . ( to falstaff ) I beg a moment of you time . int . tavern / eastcheap - later hal and falstaff sit at a corner table . falstaff drink ale . hal I expect nothing of you . I be here to ask . simply . falstaff and simply I refuse . I will not jump to you attention , and surely not to retread vile ground I vow I would never walk again . a man who have find it so easy to shed he skin should find wholly sensible the sentiment of this here snake . hal can clearly sense falstaff 's underlying hurt feeling . hal I acknowledge my neglect of you , John . I regret it deeply . a new chapter of my life be begin before the last could be properly close . falstaff why will not you drink with I ? hal pause , not sure if the question be a thaw in tension . hal drink be what man do when they wish to take temporary leave from life . I no longer have this luxury . 60 . falstaff drink and smile to himself . hal ( cont 'd ) already I can feel the weight of this crown I wear . I know you remember , I once wish to eschew both its burden and its pretension . but to do so now would be cowardice . it be incumbent upon I to steer a course for the defence and the betterment of England . this be that course . ( beat ) this concern be mine and mine alone . but the fact that this here , now , be the first occasion I have have to sound they aloud to anyone other than myself speak volume . it speak to the loneliness of the position in which I find myself . to steer we present course I have be force to rely upon the counsel of man whose loyalty I question every waking moment . every waking moment . I need around I man I trust beyond doubt - and of they there be only one on this earth I can identify with anything near certainty . hal look to falstaff with humility . falstaff read it . hal ( cont 'd ) I expect nothing of you , John . whatever decision you make I will respect without question . but I be here because I love you and because at this point , in this chapter , I need that love like I need the air I breathe . I be here because you be my friend . falstaff a king have no friend . a king have only follower and foe . the moment hang heavy . hal stand and don he cloak . hal I be sorry that my occasion to visit carry with it this doleful weight . falstaff watch he , unmove . hal head for the exit . then - 61 . falstaff hal . hal stop and turn . falstaff ( cont 'd ) I will come with you . beat . hal watch he . falstaff ( cont 'd ) I ask only one favour in return . the moment be load . falstaff point to hooper . falstaff ( cont 'd ) Square my account with this terrible hag , would you ? int . office / royal court - day hal walk a line of assemble man . the full court plus the Duke of York and handful of other . hal we welcome that newly arrive here . Sir daffydd from Wale . he come face to face with the noblemen one by one . hal ( cont 'd ) cousin westmorland . lord warrick and dorset ... great man all . turn we now in common poise , with one mind , sharpen . let past grievance be forget . we mind make free to one end . together we will bring France down . together we will bring she to she knee . ( beat ) captain all , to this end , I introduce you to a new marshal of we campaign . hal pause . anticipation . hal ( cont 'd ) Sir John falstaff . falstaff step forward , strangely polite and nervous . he wear the best outfit he could muster at short notice . he look out of place , but clean and comb and strong . 62. the other man in the room be confuse . William be unsettle . hal ( cont 'd ) Sir John 's experience in battle should need no recitation . you know of he . some of you have have the honour of fight alongside he . other have hear tale of he exploit and he bravery , of he redoubtable command of man . but I have task Sir John to join this campaign for one most vital reason alone : he respects war as only a man who have see its most monstrous form can . he lust after it not , but rather regards it with the grim sobriety that you and you man should hope he would . you will listen to he as you would to I . he be my eye and my ear , my heart and my head . falstaff , on long - estrange ground , feel rusty . hal look to he to speak , which he do without fuss or flower . falstaff welcome and thank you , good sir . you be all well meet . int . bedchamber / royal court - night falstaff be in a bathtub . a pageboy sit on a stool beside the tub massage falstaff 's foot which hang over its edge . he look uncomfortable . falstaff scrub he armpit . he squirm and laugh . falstaff hard . not soft . hard . be forceful . a knock at the door . falstaff ( cont 'd ) enter ! the door open . hal enter . he take in the scene . he close the door behind he and take a seat near the tub . falstaff ( cont ’d ) I be have to explain to this stripling that a soft scrub of the foot might be construe in some circle as a tickle . 63 . hal be unsettle by falstaff 's drunken jocularity . hal be you ready for what await we ? falstaff one be never ready for what await we . hal do you prepare yourself as best you might ? falstaff know hal need reassurance . he sober a pinch . falstaff you know I well . I see first to the fettle of my humour . my wit depend on it . as do yours . I counsel you follow my lead . hal smile wearily . he 's tired . he look at the pageboy with he head bow . he stand and head for the door . falstaff ( cont 'd ) Rest well , my liege . ext . armoury - day under a forebode sky , a hundred man load supplies into crate on the back of horse - draw dray . blacksmith hammer and solder . stockpile of armour and weaponry be sort . macabre instrument of death and destruction . the dirty industrial end of the war machine . a impose enterprise . around a corner , falstaff be with two lowly conscript . falstaff I can not understand the garble come out you mouth hole . hammond we do not want to get on that ship for no war or such . falstaff you do not want to get on that ship for no war or such . hammond we know you get the position to get we off it now . we do not want to go to no war in France . 64 . falstaff so while other man - few of whom I imagine want to go to war - do so anyway , for they good King have call to they , you imagine I should grant you some form of official exemption on account of you simply not want to ' go to no war in France or such 's . have I understand you ? and what might be the benefit for I ? in the gross violation of order such sympathetic dispensation would constitute ? hammond what ? falstaff coin , brownface . what coin have you ? the conscript pull a sack of coin from he filthy pocket . hammond this . falstaff take the sack and start count coin discreetly . falstaff what be you name ? hammond hammond and horland . I be hammond and he 's horland . falstaff I do not care which one of you be which . falstaff finish he count and pocket the sack . falstaff ( cont 'd ) right . piss off now , hammond and horland . hammond and horland scurry away . as falstaff head back round to the main yard , he look up and wave to someone . look on from across the yard , hal stand watch the industry . he nod reply to falstaff 's wave . William be beside he . hal look concerned . 65 . william my liege , I must ask . you believe Sir John to be fit and suitable enough to captain this effort ? hal let this sit . the ugly weapon be prepare and pack portend only blood and death . hal this be what we have set in motion . I must know that it will be captain by man of good intent - above all else . there be few of whom I know it clear and true . ( beat , look at William ) you might be the only other , William . you be a man of good intent . but you be not a soldier . hal look back down at the war preparation . hal ( cont 'd ) John be a good man . ext . ship - dusk above deck , hal with William , dorset and falstaff , a map laid out before they . hal be deep in think . the other man watch he . Beyond , a huge flotilla of English ship on the channel . hal we shall know soon enough . they meet we at sea or upon we landing - we shall know all in the morning . you must rest . hal rub he face deeply . the man rise to leave . hal ( cont 'd ) John . as the man file down a ladder to the lower deck , falstaff wait . hal look at he . falstaff , about to break the silence hal ( cont 'd ) thank you . hal clearly have something else to say , but could not find it . falstaff for what ? 66 . hal for be here . with I . falstaff small price to pay to get that detestable hooper woman off my back . hal smile sadly . falstaff ( cont 'd ) you too should rest , my liege . falstaff smile , nod and climb the ladder . int . ship / below deck - night falstaff step down below deck , dark and cramped with man . he roam among they - trepidation , outright fear on they face , a eerie quiet under the ship 's creak and groan . falstaff put he hand on shoulder , make much eye contact . this look he have see on many face before - the look of man who wonder if they remain life might now be count in hour . he try to reassure with he calm smile , but know nothing can ever truly assuage they feeling . he take a seat on a sack of grain at the end of a row of hammock . he fold he arm , watch the man a moment longer , then close he eye . omitted ext . beach - day fog . a boat grind its bow onto the sand . hal and falstaff , in light armour , jump into knee deep water and wade ashore . ext . harfleur town - day over the dune , hal , falstaff , dorset and a collection of twenty or so men-at -arm walk warily between seemingly abandon farm building . they tread lightly , sword draw . two soldier act as point man ahead . terrify stillness . no one speak . the town feel freshly abandon . the mist drift like smoke through it . a lone donkey wander aimless . the man watch it warily . 67 . on the rise beyond , a castle loom . ext . harfleur town outskirt - day Light rain . the English have set up a makeshift camp on the outskirt of harfleur . thousands of man and horse . giant trebuchet be be assemble . ext . tent / harfleur town outskirt - dusk hal with falstaff , William , dorset , scrope and westmorland . they sit by a fire under a canopy sling from a tent . dorset we must storm that castle . it will be bloody . we will most surely sacrifice soul . thus be the nature of war . it be bloody and soulless . hal listen , think . dorset ( cont 'd ) if circumstance be other , we might hold this place to siege , but I fear the march of time be we second enemy . we have no way of know how well supply they be behind that wall . a siege may take month , and month , I fear , we have not at we disposal . we force be too large to sustain a lengthy siege . we must move . Men in this number fix here will fall to hunger and disease . hal take this in , then look to falstaff . falstaff spit . falstaff War be bloody and soulless . hal look to the dirt at he foot . ext . harfleur castle - night the now assemble trebuchet - huge wooden machine of medieval warfare - be be armed by English soldier , work by the light of giant bonfire . once load , each trebuchet hurl a terrifying fireball through the dark across the field , to crash into the castle 's wall . hal stand and watch while fire burn all around he . 68 . ext . harfleur town outskirt - day the rain have ease , but the sky be grey and the ground muddy . Men be already look cold , waste , forlorn . some eat soup . hal , William and falstaff stand watch the trebuchet continue they horrible bombardment on the castle on the hill . smoke billow from within the wall . william the archbishop have arrive . from the beach below , a small retinue of soldier approach . lead they be the archbishop . attendant accompany he , hold a canopy over he head . hal watch they waddle through the mud in full silly clerical regalia . archbishop you majesty , tis good to see you well ! int . tent / harfleur town outskirt - day hal , falstaff , William and dorset sit with the archbishop . archbishop surely you can not simply idle here until they decide to come out ? falstaff that 's precisely the definition of a siege . archbishop how long might that take ? surely there be no way of know . falstaff that too be a common characteristic of a siege . hal I will not send my man up that hill . archbishop but why in heaven not ? hal I will not sacrifice my man so flagrantly , nor so speculatively . 69 . archbishop this be war . Men die in war . hal let this sit . he watch the archbishop coldly . hal how fortunate you be to find its horror so unexceptional . archbishop well then why do you not simply go around ? if they insist on hide in they castle , why do you not simply go around it ? let they hide . hiding be a admission of defeat . take it as such and we can press on . hal look to falstaff and William to share he bewilder disdain . he turn back to the archbishop . hal and so well verse in the art of warfare . hal stand and exit the tent . william ( to archbishop ) we must take this town . we must establish a garrison foothold here for we line of supply from England . simply ignore the force behind that wall be entirely untenable . the archbishop be uncomfortable speak candidly in falstaff 's presence . archbishop we must expedite this concern , my lord . you understand this . do not forget that I have underwritten this campaign . I have interest here . and I will be hear . beat . William stand and exit . the archbishop be leave to squirm under falstaff 's stare . ext . harfleur town outskirt - day hal walk between tent . he be startle by the sound of a distant horn . westmorland approach out of breath . 70 . westmorland my liege ... they have surrender . William walk to they . hal turn to he . hal we debate now it seem be irrelevant . the distant horn blow again . hal smile . hal ( cont 'd ) as be the archbishop 's bleating . ext . harfleur town outskirt - day dorset , scrope , westmorland , the archbishop and William stand beside hal who sit on he throne under a canopy . the captain of harfleur , jean d’estouteville , genuflect before he . d’estoutevile ( in french , subtitle ) the day be yours . we ask only that we woman and child be freed . there be already many hungry and wounded and become sick . hal ( in french , subtitle ) upon full account of the castle , I see no reason to deny you request . you will have tonight to oversee this evacuation and to corral you man prisoner . Lord scrope will oversee this night and take full possession of the castle in the morning . d’estouteville stand and nod . scrope escort he away . ext . camp / harfleur town outskirt - day falstaff move through the filthy camp . int . tent / harfleur town outskirt - day falstaff enter . hal be with William , westmorland and dorset . hal be on he throne . 71 . william I be tell it would be but a day before he arrival . perchance two . dorset he wish to slow we . falstaff who wish to slow we ? westmorland we have receive word that the dauphin be en route . he wish conference with his highness . hal we know nothing of he purpose ? william we know only that he desire conference . I would hope he purpose be to deliver he father 's early surrender . dorset I strongly advise we disregard this word of he approach and ready we movement . the dauphin will be in haste cobbling a bicker army from all corner . we must not let he dally we . we must make advantage of they disarray . all wait for hal to speak . hal turn to falstaff . hal Sir John , please , you counsel . the man look to falstaff . he shrug . falstaff I have never meet the man , this french Prince . I can not speak to he motivation . the man wait for more from falstaff . none be come . hal we wait one day more . after this , the Prince can deliver he message to we on the move . 72 . int . hal 's tent / harfleur town outskirt - night hal be asleep in he bed . the Lord Chamberlain be asleep on the floor . William enter . william my liege . forgive I . hal stir awake . william ( cont 'd ) he 's here . can you smell he ? he have douse himself in perfume . omitted int . tent / harfleur town outskirt - night the french Prince , the dauphin , louis , duke of guyenne , sit on hal 's throne , laugh with he man . hal and William enter . falstaff , westmorland and dorset be already there . the dauphin be dress ostentatiously , flamboyant , vain . dauphin you majesty ! Excuse the hour . I have never visit here before . I find we have lose we way . hal assay the dauphin and he man . dauphin ( cont 'd ) please , sit . or I beg you pardon . he stand . dauphin ( cont 'd ) you must invite I , of course . this be you domain . hal do not move . the dauphin sit again , raise he cup . dauphin ( cont 'd ) to you little victory . hal stare . dauphin ( cont 'd ) do you wonder why I have come ? the dauphin look to hal , then to William and falstaff , then back to hal . he raise he eyebrow . 73 . dauphin ( cont 'd ) do you wonder this ? hal stare impassively at the dauphin . dauphin ( cont 'd ) I have not come to offer you surrender if that be what you be hope . I have come instead to describe for you you end day , the scream of you man as they die slow . the dauphin stare at hal , try to be intimidating . dauphin ( cont 'd ) and so , King of England , you seem so intent on make France you new home , I will help you . I will drain you body of its blood and I will bury it under a tree . a little french tree . very young and small . since perchance that be fitting of you mind to come here . small . and maybe you - he gesture to he cock . dauphin ( cont 'd ) but no , you ball must be big . his humour be force . he smile a gloat smile to he man . dauphin ( cont 'd ) a tiny little cock . and giant ball ! the dauphin laugh falsely and loudly , then sober . dauphin ( cont 'd ) and the sound of you wife and child weep I will use to lull I to sleep at night . oh , but of course there be no one for you ? to weep for you ? no wife or child ? no ? I might just use that think to lull I to sleep at night . falstaff yawn wide and loud . the dauphin be take aback . falstaff pardon I . hal stare dully at the dauphin . 74 . dauphin have you hear what I have say ? hal I have . it be stir . ( to falstaff ) Sir John , walk with I . falstaff nod and stand . hal put he hand on William 's shoulder and smile to the room . hal ( cont 'd ) good night , all . william good night , you majesty . hal exit . ext . camp / harfleur town outskirt - night hal and falstaff walk between tent . hal be dark and focuss . hal ready the man to move . waste no time . ext . french countryside - day hal ride the length of he massive army train . weary man . many be sick with dysentery - archer , food carriage , mason , livestock . and shackle french prisoner on foot . a carriage carry the archbishop . he smile as hal pass . hal ignore he . ext . river somme - day hal , falstaff and dorset at a forest 's edge . they be join by William , and attendant . dorset we must cross this woodland . we drift still further north if we stay along that road . hal turn to falstaff who shake he head . 75 . falstaff I do not like the smell of this wood . they smell of french prince . hal look into the dense thicket . falstaff smell the air . falstaff ( cont 'd ) peculiar smell it be . falstaff amble off . hal watch he . dorset boil . ext . hillside - continuous sure enough , the dauphin and a handful of he soldier hide on the forest rise of the hill flanking the crossing . he watch the English move on . he spit and walk away . ext . riverside campsite / forest - day the English in full swing make camp . tents be raise . hammer post peg . horse be freed of they saddle . hal sit on a crate and pull he boot off . he look around . Men cough and collapse exhaust . Three boy attendant leave the camp to gather wood and water . two carry axe , one a pail . ext . forest - day the boy wander through the forest . shaft of light through the tree . the sound of the bubbling river . moment later - two of the boy gather kindling . meanwhile , the third boy get to the river 's edge . he scoops water into he pail . when he stand , a figure hold a dagger appear behind he . a hand reach around and grab he mouth . he be stab through the spine . the noise - alert the other boy 30 yard away . they drop they kindling and run . two more french soldier give chase , one with a crossbow . one of the boy be drop by a crossbow bolt . the other run straight into the dauphin , stand in wait with another soldier . the dauphin 's face be camouflage with charcoal . 76 . he crouch before the frighten boy . dauphin ( in English ) hello , little boy . the boy be practically paralyse with fear . dauphin ( cont 'd ) do not be afraid . strange beat . the dauphin look the boy over , study he face . the boy 's fear be mount , tearful , sicken . dauphin ( cont 'd ) hush now , small one . do not be afraid . you will live . I shall have you deliver a gift to you king . he stroke the kid 's hair . dauphin ( cont 'd ) will you do that for I ? ext . riverside campsite - later tight on the blonde boy 's traumatise face as he walk slowly out of the forest and back into camp . at the edge of camp , man notice he and stand back in horror . the boy carry the severe head of the pail boy . int . hal 's tent / riverside campsite - moment later hal sit boil . falstaff watch he . hal double the guard to twenty yard through the night . Three hour at a watch . I want this man fresh and alert . any man catch sleep will have he eye gouge . any catch speak will lose he tongue . he look at falstaff . falstaff stand . hal ( cont 'd ) and I want all french prisoner in we train put to death . leave they corpse spear on pike by the river 's edge . 77 . falstaff I will heed the first command . the second - you will need to carry out that mass execution yourself . hal what do you say to I ? falstaff you be not that man . hal how dare you ? falstaff show you feel in here , with I . but do not let it leave this tent . hal how dare you defy I ? I be you king . I should have you kill alongside that shackle french pig . hal breath hard , look at falstaff with venom . hal ( cont 'd ) and where be the fearsome old warrior about whom I have hear so much , that trumpete he battle - smart to I so loudly ? you have be mute since we cross the sea . I seem to be serve as my own chief tactician , my own commander , my own counsel . where be the great warrior falstaff ? beat . falstaff be calm . he watch hal fume . falstaff I speak only when there be something to be say . too often have I see man of war invent work for themselves , work that lead to nought but vainglory and slaughter man . I be not that man . and this here be the war you have choose to wage . hal charge falstaff , collar he , a knife to he throat . hal I will disembowel you right here with mine own hand . 78 . falstaff stare coolly into hal 's eye . falstaff you be not that man either . they hold a look . hal fume , then back down . falstaff exit . ext . riverside campsite - night the air be mute . Men be in shock . some stare into fire . other lie still . somewhere in the shadow , a man sob . falstaff roam among they . he lug a bottle . he 's drunk . he have a wild look in he eye . he stumble upon three man kneel in prayer , eye close . he sit and watch they quietly . they finish . amen . they open they eye . they notice falstaff . they bow they head . falstaff have you ever have cause to hear the archbishop of canterbury speak ? none answer . falstaff ( cont 'd ) it 's quite a show . you be prostrate there already . I shall sermonise . I will render it for you . falstaff look around . he find a bucket . he put it on he head upend like the archbishop 's mitre . he exaggerate the archbishop 's lisp , tongue hang from he mouth . falstaff ( cont 'd ) and the Lord saideth , I knoweth thou hath savour for spelt and sorrel and steer steak with juice and sauce . but I give you this , my sacred promise : I will summon a great pestilence , carry by serpent on floodwater - such unspeakable suffer , unspeakable suffer , from which there shall be no succour - should you forsake the simple sausage . the man smile wide , try to contain they laughter . falstaff ( cont 'd ) and know that when this pestilence come , it come not to smite thee for thine past sin commit . ( more ) 79 . falstaff ( cont 'd ) it come because thou ust forsook my unassailable love for sausage . Men laugh . more gather . falstaff hand off he bottle . falstaff ( cont 'd ) and when thou ust can find no sausage , thou ust must take to the seas in ship - sailing ship , splendid sailing vessel ! - so as to search for delicious fish of all description . salty sea creature and shellfish to be savour with sesame and , ah , ah -— someone spinach . falstaff spinach ! yes , indeed ! spinaci ! - falstaff choke and laugh and choke . omitted ext . river' edge - day falstaff ride in he forward position . he hone he eye through the tree around they . he know the french be close . hal ride up to take he position . the look they exchange be cold . the air be tense . the man be eerily silent . ext . river - later the English train cross a swamp . horse wade . Men struggle to keep they supplies from tumble into the water . ext . agincourt - later = the train have halt . hal , William , dorset and falstaff survey the field before they . pristine countryside . a gentle slope to a small hill on its far side . dense forest to the right and leave , but in between - a huge empty tranquil field . hal dorset , summon you fastest rider . dorset yes , my liege . 80 . dorset turn to he attendant nearby . dorset ( cont 'd ) Dartmouth . dartmouth ( 20 ) , skinny like a jockey , trot to the group . dartmouth sire . what can I do for ye ? hal point to the crest of the far hill . hal tell I what lie over that hill . ride fast and return directly . Dartmouth spur he horse . the man watch he cross the field . ext . field / agincourt - continuous Dartmouth ride hard into the wind as he crest the hill . at the top , over the other side , he can see thousand of frenchmen - a army lie in wait . a intimidating sight . omitted int . tent / agincourt - evening passion high . William sit quiet . falstaff eat a apple . dorset we be both outnumber and out - position . they have the down - slope in they favour . we need to advance put we already at disadvantage . hal the longer we wait , the larger they force will grow . and with it we disadvantage . you archer , my lord , be of superior faculty . french crossbow be no match for a English longbow . we should hobble they number on first assault by this mean alone . dorset York 's charge in centre face four line of mount knight . ( more ) 81 . dorset ( cont 'd ) Three of men-at-arm . we archer here might weaken that by half . but not eight line . nine . ten. more . hal can not argue with this . dorset ( cont 'd ) you speak true , my liege . the longer we wait , the great we disadvantage . but it be possible we disadvantage have already grow insurmountable . a great many man be already desperately ill and weak from hunger . hal ( challenging ) what then , my Lord , do you propose we do ? dorset ( beat ) I propose we consider turn back , my liege . to return again at a later date , stronger , better prepare . hal stare defiantly , but know opinion run against he . dorset ( cont 'd ) I know it will not bring the outcome we desire , but nor will the evisceration of we army . I be reticent to speak for other here now , but I be certain my fear be share . hal look at dorset a moment longer , then - hal who here agree with Lord dorset ? silence . no one will admit to it . hal look around the circle . Men avoid he eye . the silence linger . until - falstaff we can win this battle . all turn to falstaff . he let the attention soak in . he chew he mouthful of apple . dorset be that so , Sir John ? 82. falstaff yes . dorset 's patience with falstaff have wear thin . dorset and precisely how be it so , Sir John ? falstaff we fight without horse and without armour . dorset throw he arm in the air and look to the sky . dorset heavens above ! please spare we from this man . falstaff they forward defence be a frontline of mount man , many deep . Knights all . all on horseback , all in heavy armour . the ground down there be a floodplain , already half - sodden . and when the rain fall again tonight , as I know it will , that ground will turn to a muddy bog . with they horse and they armour , they will get stick , they will fall and they will flounder like upturn beetle . westmorland as shall we . falstaff not if we travel light , without horse and without armour . speed and mobility will be we advantage . we will pick they off like lame cattle and that great mound of fall french knight will serve as we battlement . westmorland and how on earth can you be sure of rainfall tonight ? falstaff my leave knee be aching - it only do that when rain be near . 83. dorset oh , save we ! my liege , please , put a stop to this drivel . hal ( ignore dorset ) this would require they armoure frontline come meet we in the mud . how do you propose we invite that ? falstaff a small forward armoure attack of we own . a false advance . they will counter . we save we weight and muscle for a nimble assault from the flank . dorset they sha not be so easily deceive . they will not respond to false attack . dorset shake he head , incredulous . falstaff smile and then , suddenly , toss he apple to dorset . dorset react , startle , catch the apple . falstaff they will respond . he have they full attention . dorset fume , drop the apple . falstaff ( cont 'd ) we move , they will meet we in the mud . we men-at - arm be outnumber . this they know . they will hope to overwhelm we and so will meet we with full force , no matter how small we first advance . we great longbow will rain chaos upon they from above . that chaos will be we favour . hal ponder this , search falstaff 's eye for motivation . dorset my liege . I implore you . we must not listen to this madness . what be the true experience of this man ? he once fight for Richard . many year ago . since then he have do nothing other than ride with the company , robbing and torment . 84 . falstaff I never rob anyone who do not deserve to be rob . beat . hal look only at falstaff . hal if it rain tonight , we fight tomorrow . ext . falstaff 's tent / agincourt - night falstaff sit alone by a fire outside he tent , short of friend . hal sit beside he and stare into the flame . hal if you have concoct this plan , half - baked and speculative , merely to prove to I you worth , please say so now . falstaff all plan be speculative , my liege . hal please , John , do not call I that when we be alone . it make I feel as though we be live a fiction . falstaff be we not ? a load moment . hal drop he eye , penitent . hal though you might not think it possible , you be my friend . falstaff stoke the fire . for hal , a disconsolate moment . falstaff ease it . falstaff all plan be speculative . and as I say , I only speak they when I can feel they true . this one I feel in my bone . this one I can feel in my kneebone . he smile . hal share it . silence . hal stare into the fire . 85 . hal here we be on the eve of this fight , and I be scared to wonder , to tell it true , why we be even here . falstaff you best discover the answer to that for yourself . the man out there deserve it . this be the man be who be still here . this be the man that try not to bribe they way home , that choose not to run to they village to hide . this man be you willing shadow . they have give they life over to you . ( beat ) I can not say I know what force have conspire to bring you here , but this man need you , just as you need they . this man deserve you confidence . if you can not give they that , at least then tell they a magnificent lie . hal why be you here ? falstaff I be here because you ask I to come . falstaff look at hal warmly , then pat hal 's leg and stand . falstaff ( cont 'd ) good night , hal . sleep well . falstaff step inside he tent , leave hal alone . hal look out over the sprawling camp - small fire dot among clump of cold and tired man , shadow in the dark . int / ext . falstaff 's tent / agincourt - dawn falstaff wake . the sound of light rain on the tent . he step outside , look to the sky , feel the drop on he face . he crouch before a old chest . he unlatch and open it . Inside be a suit of heavy armour . he lift out a helmet . he brushes dust off it and regards it wistfully . 86 . int / ext . hal 's tent / agincourt - morning hal , kneel in prayer . the Lord Chamberlain stand quietly by . hal stand and exit he tent . William be wait outside . they survey the camp , beginning its preparation . hal be this folly ? william as you say , my liege , I be not a soldier . tis not for I to question you instinct . I can advise on strategy , not tactic . I would say I fear the pall it should cast on the vigour of you fresh crown be we to return home today . to be sure , defeat here might cast that same pall . retreat would guarantee it . ext . english camp / agincourt - morning in amongst the wider battle preparation around the camp , westmorland brief a contingent of twenty knight , seat and stand and rumbling with disquiet . westmorland this be the King 's order . we be to fight unarmoured , and without charger . knight we be to be sacrifice . be that what he ask of we ? westmorland his belief be that fight unarmoured and unmounted will not only secure we victory , it be the surest way to keep you alive . knight rot . westmorland and I will say this : if we King be to ask you to sacrifice yourself , for the great good of the realm , I have expect you honour that request as any loyal and stoutheart subject should . 87 . omitted ext . armoury tent / agincourt - moment later hal walk the camp in only the lightest of armour . archer string bow , arrow be bundle . horse sense loom danger and scuff hoof in the dirt . hal round a corner to find falstaff outside the armoury tent , be dress in he heavy armour . Metal all over . he see hal . falstaff this wind whip from the north . ( smile ) this be cloud send from England . hal why be you be fitte ? we be to fight without plate . falstaff we need a front line to draw they in . hal it can not be you . falstaff the idea be mine . some man must lead that first push to sell it well . falstaff fasten he armour . falstaff ( cont 'd ) my man have be assemble . most would rather wear the full suit . it give comfort . and I can not in all good conscience send they down there to realise my speculative drivel without get muddy alongside they . hal I will fight with you . falstaff ( smile ) Noble . you know it can not be . the armourer lift falstaff 's 's shoulder plate over he head . 88. falstaff ( cont 'd ) hal . ( correct himself , smile ) my liege . this be what I be build for . I die here or I die over a bottle in eastcheap . I think this make for a better story . and you have thing still to do . ( beat ) you will join the fight . be sure not to join it early . promise that . no matter what you see down there . we must first draw they all in . all of they . falstaff rest he palm on hal 's cheek . falstaff ( cont 'd ) we win . it will be a honour . so win , my friend . and maybe then you will lighten enough to have a drink with I . he grab he helmet and waddle away . hal watch he , lose . ext . english camp / agincourt - morning Light rain continue to fall . hal stride between tent , distress . his horse be tethere , attendant in wait . he check and tighten its saddle . the archbishop appear beside he . a attendant hold a umbrella over the archbishop . archbishop you majesty , I have come to wish you well . I hope to offer a prayer for the man before you set off . hal ignore he , mount he horse and ride into the camp . Men watch he pass , William among they , as he make for the empty battlefield and then ride at speed , alone , across it towards the french camp . all be dumbfounded . ext . french camp / agincourt - morning commotion at the french camp at sight of hal 's lone approach . hal arrive and dismount . frenchmen be armed and wary . hal ( in french , subtitle ) where be the dauphin ? 89 . ext . dauphin 's tent / agincourt - morning hal on bend knee . hal ( in french , subtitle ) I humbly thank you for receive I , noble lord . the dauphin , smug on he throne , surround by he entourage . dauphin speak English . please . I enjoy to speak English . it be simple and ugly . hal stand , try to hide he contempt . dauphin ( cont 'd ) I have be await you surrender all the morning . all the night . it might have save we all a great unease have you offer it sooner . hal I know you speak not for you father - dauphin ( haughtily ) I do speak for he . hal I know you do not speak for you father and so I come now to you directly . I have not come to surrender . but too much Christian blood will be spill on this field today , and so I propose that you and I fight one man on one man , we fight in we army 's stead . if I lose , my man will leave this place forthwith and forever . if I win , I will assume this kingdom 's crown upon you father 's death . I know he be not long for this earth and so I will let he see do he day in peace . but once he be go , France will be mine . the dauphin do not respond , then squirm and scoff . hal ( cont 'd ) what say you ? dauphin be you afraid , young Henry ? hal what say you ? dauphin be you afraid of this battle ? there be no shame of it . the dauphin 's posture be hollow . clearly , he do not want to fight hal . clearly , he man would rather he do . hal save you man . dauphin ( anger rise ) save you own man . surrender to I . you have come here . to I . hal I can not do that . dauphin well , then , boy , let we make famous that field out there . let we make famous this little village of agincourt that will forever mark the site of you callow disgrace . hal stare he down . he know there be no deal to be do . ext . front line / english camp / agincourt - morning the rain have intensify . hal ride slowly back from the field and between row of he ready man . falstaff 's smaller , armoure vanguard . archer . infantry . all wait . thousands of harden , nervous man . all eerily silent . hal survey they . he search they eye , he distress visible . all be strangely quiet . then - hal you expect of I a speech ? I have only one to give - and it be the same one I would be we not stand here on the brim of a battlefield . it 's the same one I would give be we to meet by chance in the street . it be this : I have only ever hope , I have only ever long for one thing . ( more ) 91 . hal ( cont 'd ) to live to see we kingdom united . to see we kingdom united under this English crown . he dismount and walk among the man , search they face . he be on the verge of tear . the man watch he , uncertain . hal ( cont 'd ) all man be bear to die . we know it . we carry it with we always . if you day be today , then so be it . mine will be tomorrow . or mine today and yours tomorrow . it matter not . what matter be that you know , in you heart , that today you be that kingdom united . you be England . all of it . each and every one of you . England be you . and it be the space between you . fight not for yourselves , but for that space . hal take a arm each of the two man nearest he and place it on the other 's shoulder . hal ( cont 'd ) fight for that space . fill it . make it tissue . make it mass . he urge other to place they arm on other 's shoulder . the gesture quickly spread across the entire army . hal ( cont 'd ) make it impenetrable . make it unassailable . make it yours . hal 's emotion have spill over . he let the man see he vulnerability , he raw wound . they look back at he . they soak he in . hal ( cont 'd ) make it England ! beat . and then , loud - hal ( cont 'd ) captain to it . lord and great man all . each man to it . falstaff smile and put on he helmet . his man follow suit - a formidable battalion of knight . 92 . ext . front line / french camp / agincourt - same the dauphin , deck in clean , flouncy armour , watch the English force cross the field . a commander be next to he . commander Les imbécile . the commander stride away . commander ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) attention ! the dauphin watch , almost smile . ext . front line / english camp / agincourt - same falstaff cross the line of he man . he drag he sword over they armour chest plate , a version of he own speech . he lower he face guard , breathes , and then - he band of man begin they slow foot - march across the field . hal stand with westmorland . they watch , tense . he move away towards the flanking forest . omitted omitted ext . battlefield / agincourt - same falstaff and he man march across the field . they line be tight . they move slow . ext . forest / battlefield / agincourt - same hal stride through the forest flank , all the while watch falstaff 's advance . he meet dorset , who wait with hundred of other man - a team of guerilla fighter on the edge of the forest . mace and dagger and leather tunic at most . everyone stripped down to bare minimum garb . the french still have not move . tension rise . 93. ext . battlefield / agincourt - same falstaff 's retinue continue its march . the french mount line on the hill before they still have not move . ext . forest / battlefield / agincourt - same hal watch the field . and then a horn blow , and the first french cavalry line begin its descent down the hill - but it 's only one line , move slow . hal archer . voice ( 0.s. ) archer ! the archer call be relay through the forest to - ext . front line / english camp / agincourt - same - westmorland who raise he hand . westmorland archer ! thousands of English archer step forward and load they bow . they raise they to sky - and then release in unison . ext . battlefield / agincourt - same a swarm of arrow rain down on the advance french force , already slip on the wet ground . as the arrow hit with deadly force , chaos erupt - horse bash into each other , the french line splinter , knight fall from they mount and be trample . that horse still advance break into a gallop towards the march line of falstaff 's man . falstaff 's man hold tight and then , as the mount french disarray be almost upon they , they take to a knee , pole - axe and sword brace into the ground . when the french line hit this weapon be spear into the breast and leg of horse that fall and thrash . french knight be throw into the mud and all hell break loose . the battlefield quickly turn into a seethe mess of mud and flail knight and confuse thrashing horse . Men be trample and bashed . 94 , a knight , fall in the mud , get stick face down and crawl around helplessly . he try to lift himself . a horse fall on top of he , pin he to drow in the sodden earth . falstaff be himself crawl on the ground , wrestle with a french knight . he hold the knight 's helmet in the mud , suffocating he , while himself be pummele by man and horse . when the knight stop move he try desperately to get back to he foot - near impossible with man and horse right on top of he . he manage to grab onto a horse 's stirrup and lift himself up , only to find himself jamme between the rump of two terrify horse . desperate for breath , falstaff manage to get he helmet off . he lift he face to the sky and suck in the air . ext . forest / battlefield / agincourt - same hal watch the carnage from the forest flank . he want to fight , but know he can not until the rest of the french force be draw in . that force sit on top of the hill , unmove . ext . french camp / agincourt - same the dauphin watch from he position as the fight unfold below . he signal to he commander . commander avance ! the dauphin don he menace , elaborately decorate helmet . ext . forest / battlefield / agincourt - same hal watch as a horn blow and the rest of the french force -— hundred of armoure knight on foot - march down the hill . hal turn to dorset . hal they come . ext . english camp / agincourt - same westmorland signal again . westmorland archer ! 95 . the archer , load and ready , raise they bow to the sky and release another barrage . ext . battlefield / agincourt - same this arrow rain down on the second french line , send it into its own chaos . the battlefield be now like a swirl mosh - pit . Knights be either on the ground be trample or somehow still upright but without room to lift they arm let alone to swing a weapon in they heavy armour . ext . forest / battlefield / agincourt - same hal be poise . hal now . call it . dorset men-at-arm ! hal on I ! a horn be blow . and with that , from all side , the stripped - down English infantry run like crazy looter from the forest flank onto the field . hal lead the charge . as man be cut down around he , he throw himself into the fray , confound the french with speed and agility , just as falstaff have picture . he slide and fall , but be nimbly back to he foot , dodging and move , cut and stabbing . armoure french knight fall and flail . hal jam he dagger into they throat as he be suck into the swirl pit . hal be drag to the ground by a floundering french knight . he cave the knight 's helmet in with the hilt of he dagger and then crawl beneath a horse 's belly to get back to he foot . he manage to suck in air . he look to the sky as another barrage of English arrow fly overhead . all slow down as he survey the field - and we be lead into a slow - motion sequence of shot of the terrify horse on the battlefield . the rain begin . omitted 96 . omitted ext . battlefield / agincourt - later as we return to real time again , the rain be fall . hal be somehow lie on the flank of a die horse . he be drag off and throw into the mud . while the ground be carpete with dead and die , the fight be already beginning to thin . from the ground , hal can see westmorland be attack by two french knight . as he 's about to be overcome , hal step in and hack one of they down , give westmorland the time and space to finish the other . hal be suck back into the morass - until eerily it clear . hal turn to see the dauphin before he , high on he horse , flanke by two equally menacingly armoure mount guard . a space clear on the thinning field , as the dauphin dismount and approach hal . hal pick up a discard sword and ready himself . dauphin come then , King of England . hal approach he slowly and venomously . the dauphin charge - and then immediately slip over in the mud . he flounder . tries to stand , slip again . hal watch he - as do all the other man on the field - exhaust , suck in air , battle -scarre . hal look to the dauphin 's guard atop they horse . they offer no assistance . they sit motionless atop they horse look down on they squirming leader . hal step back and nod to a group of he own man - who charge at the dauphin , tackle he to the ground and tear into he with they dagger . hal walk away as the sound of horn echoe across the field and he tired army break into a victory roar . hal forges a path through the mud and gore , scour the ground , search face of the dead and die while riderless horse roam the field too - as if on they own search . 97 . he search more urgently until he stop over another corpse . he drop to he knee , then sit in the mud beside the body . falstaff - lifeless and serene . hal sit with he and cry . he look out at the battlefield , watch the celebration of he man . he then rest he head on falstaff 's back . he sit this way a long moment . finally , hal look up . he see a mass of he fellow soldier spread across the field , watch he . some two hundred man . then - the close soldier kneel . follow by a second . hal be soon face with a entire army kneel before he . he stand and walk slowly across the field as more take up the position . westmorland approach , filthy , exhaust . he bow . westmorland my liege . he stand and smile . they hug , but hal 's be without joy . westmorland ( cont ’d ) the prisoner we have take be a rabble . I fear we will not secure they should they army regroup . hal look at he , strangely distant . hal kill they all . hal walk away . ext . nancy outskirt - day the English army march in slow silent procession along a trail towards the town of Nancy . hal , on horseback , lead the procession . William and dorset beside he . the archbishop be there too , smugly proud . a thin crowd of peasant villager line the trail . the atmosphere be strange , cold and mute . the people have come out to see the invader , they conqueror . 98 . ext . mayoral building / nancy - day in the courtyard of impressive civic building , hal dismount . french official be there to greet he . the french lord steward genuflect . the air be tense . french lord steward ( in french , subtitle ) you highness . his majesty King Charles be here to meet you . ( beat ) he be sun himself . ext . porch / mayoral building / nancy - day hal be lead onto a colonnade stone porch . french lord steward ( in french , subtitle ) you majesty , King Henry the fifth of England . across the porch , a old man in regal attire sit ina recline chair . he be barefoot . he speak English . king charle VI you highness . welcome . please , come sit here with I . hal cross the porch . Charles gesture for he to sit . king charle VI ( cont ’d ) please . hal sit . William , the archbishop and other remain stand . king charle VI ( cont ’d ) I like to have the sun on my skin . but not too much . too much be very dangerous . so I take only a small amount . among Charles 's entourage , seat discreetly in the set , be a young woman , 20 - the only woman in the room . king charle VI ( cont ’d ) and here I meet the man about whom I have hear such a great deal . much of it apocryphal , no doubt . rumour and gossip . ( more ) 99 . king charle VI ( cont ’d ) and yet when finally you be here before I , this apocrypha become air . or memory . nothing . he search hal 's eye . hal seem calm and quietly contain . king charle VI ( cont ’d ) I can only imagine the storey that have be tell about I . and about my own son . no doubt you have hear many . I suspect they may be the reason we be here today . my son be impetuous . and what he feel , he feel keenly - for better or for worse . very often for worse . and the best defence I can summon now be that he be young . maybe it be a poor defence . but I hope it be one with which you might feel some affinity . I hope also that you might understand my need to grieve he death as all father must grieve they lose son - whatever they failing . hal I do understand . king charle VI thank you . Charles pause , think . king charle VI ( cont ’d ) this conversation we have - or be about to have - have be have many time before and will be have many time again for century to come , between man from all corner , between man of vanity and man of good reason , in whatever combination . I would like to believe that you and I be man of good reason . Men of vanity would have this trouble continue until the brink of we mutual devastation . maybe beyond . Charles look around at hal 's entourage , gently assay this man for the first time . king charle VI ( cont ’d ) I have , of course , travel here to offer you my surrender . 100 . the archbishop smile proudly . king charle VI ( cont ’d ) maybe it be we share destiny that we land be rule as one . we have share history - share apocrypha . might it be that this be the path we have travel to make we unity so . hal look at the old man . his equanimity be humbling . hal do you ask anything of I in return ? king charle VI no . Charles search hal 's eye , then shift he gaze to the woman sit nearby . she lower she eye . king charle VI ( cont ’d ) I do , however , have for you a proposition - that as a gesture of harmony and goodwill you take the hand of my daughter , Catherine , in marriage . hal look to princess catherine , who look back at he , defiant . king charle VI ( cont ’d ) my son cause I much pain . and by extension he cause more pain to both of we than I care to examine . but my daughter ... she would follow I to the far corner without dispute . I would hope that a bond between you , between we , might prevent this trouble from recur . Charles look to Catherine . hal look to she also . king charle VI ( cont ’d ) it be most uncanny , and yet not so at all , that the great movement of history so frequently find they origin in the minutia of family . ( more ) 101 . king charle VI ( cont ’d ) that in way I dare not unsettle here I must only assume that my relationship with my son , and yours with you father - this be the thing that have lead we here today . we be leader of land and of people and yet it be family that move we . family consume we . ext . ship - day hal sit alone at the ship 's bow . he look out to sea , at he fleet return home . the weather be clear and calm . all be strangely quiet . William approach . william my liege . he take a seat beside hal . william ( cont 'd ) how do you feel ? hal tire . william my condolence to you for the loss of Sir John . I know you must feel this loss deeply . hal thank you , William . you loyalty to I have be comforting . william it be my honour and duty , my liege . hal it would seem comfort be a valuable commodity to a man in my position . william you have prove yourself a most worthy king . I should say that already you have prove yourself to be one of England 's great king . hal nod . a tired smile . he look out to sea . he be a victorious warrior and king . 102 . int . king 's bedchamber / royal court - day hal be dress in finery . he stand alone at the window , listen to a huge crowd outside . the Lord Chamberlain enter . lord chamberlain my liege . a crowd have gather . hal so I see . lord chamberlain shall I escort you to the east wing ? hal no . I will be ready shortly . lord chamberlain as you wish , you majesty . the Lord Chamberlain exit . hal stand think a moment longer . he seem calm . he turn and head for the door . int . office / royal court - day hal walk the hall . aide bow as he pass unexpectedly . int . bedchamber / royal court - day princess Catherine be attend by lady - in-wait . there be a knock at the door . lady-in -waiting enter . hal enter . he close the door behind he and bow . catherine ( to she aide ) veuillez nous laisser . the aide file out of the room . Catherine be seat . catherine ( cont 'd ) ( in french , subtitle ) please sit , you majesty . hal approach hesitantly and sit opposite Catherine . beat . 103 . hal ( in french , subtitle ) you be beautiful . catherine merci . hal ( in french , subtitle ) I will no longer speak french . we must speak English . catherine ( in french , subtitle ) I can not speak English . hal ( in french , subtitle ) you will learn . catherine ( in french , subtitle ) I wonder , then , how we union might proceed in the meantime . hal there be much I wonder about a great many thing . catherine ( in English ) indeed there must be for you to contemplate marriage to a woman about whom you know so little . hal be catch off guard . she watch he a moment . catherine ( cont 'd ) I will not submit to you . you must earn my respect . I be not my father . my father be old and tired and he no longer have the will to fight . but I be young and I have that will in abundance . this be the woman you have choose to take as you wife . hal look at she , still befuddle . hal I understand that . 104 . catherine do you ? hal I do . catherine do you feel a sense of achievement ? hal in what regard ? catherine in any regard . hal look at she . he be not expect to be challenge . hal I have achieve that which my father never could . I have united this kingdom in common cause . catherine you have achieve momentary respite . a unity forge under false pretense will never be a unity that prevail . hal be take aback , but engage by Catherine . hal how , pray , have my endeavour be forge falsely ? catherine why do you bring war to France ? hal you father come on spoil . catherine how so ? how be he spoil ? hal he send a assassin . catherine there be no assassin . there be no plot to kill you . hal and how might you be sure ? 105 . catherine because I be with my father when he receive word of you charge . I know he well enough to know he reaction to be genuine . hal how be he reaction ? catherine he laugh . he laugh very much . he say you must be drunk . hal you father be a madman . catherine he may be mad , but he be true . his madness make he true . he say only what he believe . that be why he be love . hal 's demeanour start to shift , darken . hal the assassin then be send by you brother . catherine my brother ? my brother be too stupid to conjure such a plan . for all of he failing , he be not one to send a killer in he stead . he prefer to do he kill himself . what be you true reason ? hal do you know of the ball he send ? the ball that he send to I ? catherine he send to you a ball ? beat . she let this hang . hal shift uncomfortably . catherine ( cont 'd ) he send to you a ball ... be that why you have - hal why should you question my intent ? you father 's rule be illegitimate . he have no right claim to he - 106 . catherine all monarchy be illegitimate . you yourself be the son of a usurper . hal sit , think , darken . catherine ( cont 'd ) it would seem that you have no explanation for what you have do . you have shed the blood of so many Christian soul and yet before I now I see only a young and vain and foolish man , so easily rile and so easily beguile . hal be stare at she now . his thought be splintering . catherine ( cont 'd ) have you contemplate this ? have you contemplate the ambition of the man around you ? still no response from hal . hal and Catherine stare at each other . she be not sure how hal will react - she expect opprobrium . she know she have speak provocatively . instead hal respond with unsettle calm . hal I must leave you now . he stand and bow . she nod cautiously . hal exit . int . antechamber / royal court - day hal walk the hall briskly , he head swim . more nervous genuflection from aide catch off guard by he pass . he round a corner , down a hall , he eye fix and cold . he reach a door . he open it without pause or knock . int . william' chamber / royal court - day hal enter . William be stand on a little stool , have he gaudy ceremonial robe lint- brush by a pageboy . william ( sprightly ) my liege . hal close the door behind he . he sit in a chair by the door and watch William who look at himself in a mirror . 107 . william ( cont 'd ) you must be sure to revel in this day . a crowd gather to honour victory . this be the rare moment for which a king life . beat . hal try to still he swirl thought . hal in all my preoccupation , I have neglect to ask after you family . william you preoccupation be hardly trifling , my liege . hal you have two son . william I do . hal and you wife mind you estate in you absence . william she do . yes . hal your be sheep . you be a man of wool . william I be . as my father be before I . hal how many head ? william some four thousand at last count . mostly dorset horn . hal how much land have you ? william to be true , I be not wholly certain . many hundred of beautiful acre . hal what land in France have you now annex ? a pause . William look at himself in the mirror . 108 . william I be not sure I understand , my liege . hal now that France be ours , how much of she land be now yours ? william my liege ? hal her farming land , she sheep graze land . how much of it be now yours ? William be troubled by the course hal 's enquiry have take . william this have yet to be determine . we conquest be so recent . why do you ask , my liege ? hal watch William , contempt brewing . william ( cont 'd ) my liege ? William move to step down off he little stool . hal do not move . stay up there . hal stare at he . William step back onto he little stool . the pageboy can clearly sense the tension . he sit back , on the floor , and try to make himself invisible . hal ( cont 'd ) how do my assassin come to you ? william ( flustered ) I be afraid I do not understand you meaning . hal my question be simple . you bring the assassin to my attention . under what circumstance do he come to yours ? william I , I fail to remember at this moment . 109 . hal remedy this failure . william I , ah , let I recall ... so much have happen in the intervene month . hal a event so pivotal should be amply equip to penetrate the fog of time elapse . william yes , of course . let I recall ... hal be it in the street ? do he come to you in the street ? william yes . yes , he do . he approach I in the street , most unusually . my liege , please tell I the cause of this concern . William move again to step off he little stool . hal stay up there . William shuffles awkwardly back on to the stool . hal ( cont 'd ) he come to you in the street . do he know you name ? william I , ah , I do not believe he do . hal how then do he know who you be to approach ? william I , ah , I be not certain . perchance ... but , no , give I pause - the memory be return . of course . he surrender himself to a palace guard and the matter be bring to my attention and I be then take to he in he cell . 110 . hal so he do not meet you in the street . william no . it be not in the street . forgive I . I be summon to the cell to interrogate the wretch . he have already surrender himself . hal stare at he . William squirm . william ( cont 'd ) my liege , please . have a problem arisen ? hal yes . a problem have arisen . and it wobble before I now on its silly little stool at mine own elevation . william my liege . I do not understand . hal stop this charade now . william sincerely , I do not - hal ( yell ) stop this fucking charade ! william ( explode ) I have give you what you want , boy ! have I not ?! William and hal breathe , shocked at they own respective outburst . everything have change . William step off he stool and go the window . william ( cont 'd ) you want peace . this be how peace be forge . it be forge in victory . the crowd noise outside swell . William point to the window . william ( cont 'd ) listen . do you hear it ? he and hal listen to the crowd . 111 . william ( cont 'd ) that be the sound of peace . hal watch he then drop he head . William step gently toward he . william ( cont 'd ) that be the sound of peace . hal look up , defeat , lonely . William extend he arm . william ( cont 'd ) that be the sound of you greatness . William take hal 's head gently in he hand . hal let himself be mollify . William smile . William lower himself and genuflect . he bow with reverence and rest he forehead on hal 's knee . hal let it sit there a moment , and then - he take the end of the scarf drape across William 's shoulder and pull they tight around William 's throat . William struggle immediately . he writhes and kick as hal choke he . hal 's grip be deathly strong . his eye glaze with venom . as William thrashes , hal stare coldly ahead , at the pageboy , kneel motionless and stare at the floor . William take a long time to die . eventually he writhe slow . and then stop . hal drop he like a sack to the floor . hal breathes . he stand and exit . omitted int . office / royal court - day hal enter the office which be now full of courtier - among they dorset and westmorland . the crowd outside be loud . as hal enter , all present bow . he stand and survey the room . he survey the people in it , genuflect before he . Catherine be there . he go to she . she watch he approach . she can see that something have shift in he . 112. hal hold he hand out to she . she take it cautiously . hal ( quiet , only for she ) I ask nothing of you other than that you will always speak to I clear and true . always . will you promise I only that ? she look at he , gently search he face . catherine I will . he lead she to the balcony . as they step out , into the blind light , the crowd roar . the end