'' the howling '' a screenplay by JOHN sayle 1 . ext . cu face of karen west — night karen be a attractive woman in she 2us . she stare at something , red light flash on and off on she face - CUT to : 2 . neon sign — night flash red - love hungry women CUT to : 3 . cu karen — night turn to look at something else - CUT to : 4 . neon sign — night this one blue - sex thrill CUT to : 5 . karen — night stand in front of a porno theater on a L.A. street . Men pass , browsing . Karen bend she head and speak in a low voice - karen I be try western now , just above Santa monica . i’1l be walk north . CUT to : 6 . radio receiver — night on a desk , Karen 's voice come through heavy static - karen ( v.0 . Radio ) it 's hard to be sure , but I do not think anybody be follow I . CUT to : a7 . int . tv studio , radio booth — night cardwell , a radio technician , sit with Kline and shantz , a pair of police specialist , listen to the receiver . karen ( v.o. Radio ) I will not transmit again till I find the phone booth . cardwell do not like that interference . kline it 's the best rig we have get . cardwell all that neon down there . it mess up the signal . shantz I ’‘1l get we people cruise western . CUT to : b7 . int . police car — night brile , a veteran cop , drive down a city street while mcbean , a rookie , watch the action outside - brile she 's wear white . we should be able to spot she pretty easy . mcbean yeah . I have see she on the news . radio voice ( v.o. radio ) Baker seven , baker seven - brile click on the radio speaker - brile Baker seven , over - radio voice ( v.o. radio ) contact lose with Fox one , proceed north on western , report any sighting . brile will do , over . mcbean she 's a fox , all right . CUT to : 8 . int . office set — night dr . GEORGE waggner , a cheerful - look man in he early 50' sit on the edge of a desk with study casualness , face video camera on a set mean to look like a doctor 's office - sc. 8 dr . waggner 's tv speech we have all hear people talk about '' animal magnetism '' , about the '' natural man '' and the '' noble savage '' . as if we have lose something valuable in we long evolution into civilized human being -- and there 's a good reason for this . man be a combination of the learn and the instinctual , of the sophisticated and the primitive . we should never try to deny the beast , the animal , within we -- only to channel this energy in a positive direction . all of we have a great untapped potential -- a potential for live . what we do with that potential , with that life , depend as much on we attitude toward we physical desire as it do on the social programming of we mind . the struggle between mind and body be not a necessary one . it produce anger , frustration , the strain of modern - day live in a world that 's move too quickly toward its own annihilation . stress result when we fight against we impulse , when we attempt to destroy the natural man or woman within we . repression be the father of neurosis , of self - hatred . let I say a few word about my new book , the gift . when we be bear , each of we be give a gift -- the gift of life ..... continued : doc we have all hear people talk about '' animal magnetism '' , about the '' natural man '' and the '' noble savage '' . as if we have lose something valuable in we long evolution into civilized human being - CUT to : 9 . control booth — night overlook the set through a huge pane of glass . Doc appear on the ' live 's monitor and in another angle on a preview monitor . another preview monitor have a ' special report 's title cue on it . a director and a t.d. work the show while station manager fred francis hover over they - director ready camera two - francis the minute anything break we be cut in with Chris 's stuff . t.d. before doc pitch he book ? francis Doc 's be coach Karen on how to talk to this psycho . he will not mind . doc ( speaker ) - and there 's a good reason for this . man be a combination of the learn and the instinctual , of the sophisticated and the primitive . we should never try to deny the beast , the animal , within we -- only to channel this energy in a positive direction . CUT to : 10 . tape recorder — night a reel - to-reel play back a phone conversation . Karen 's voice be much clearer than the other ( man 's ) voice . karen ( tape ) but why can not you make friend ? eddie ( tape ) the people here be not like I . I be different . karen ( tape ) we all feel that way sometimes , Eddie . CUT to : 11 . int . mixing room mirell , the station censor , and gibbon , a sound man wear a headset , listen to the tape . gibbon have he finger on a button on a box feed into the same vtr the reel - to- reel be hook to . eddie ( tape ) Karen ? karen ( tape ) yes Eddie ? mirell here it come — standard and practice violation number 137 . eddie ( tape ) you know what I have like ? I have like to bleeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! mirell cue gibbon to hit the bleep gibbon ( whistle ) that 's one sick customer . karen ( tape ) I would like that , Eddie . we ’1ll have to mirell or else she 's out she 's get gut ... CUT to : 12 . ext . STREET — karen — night check a phone booth , look for on - CUT to : 13 . STREET — karen — night pass tattoo parlor , pawn shop . approach she - man how much ? karen Eddie ? man Carl . how much for a half - and-half ? be alone with you and tone . gibbon let it up . meet somewhere . of she fuckin’ mind . something . she do not see it , move a man in a dodger 's warmup jacket karen get lose . Karen start away from he - man hey , you be that newslady - karen beat it . CUT to : 14 . tv monitor screen — night silent footage of a young woman 's batter and mutilate corpse be lift off on a stretcher by police medic in griffith Park - roy ( off ) which one be that ? CUT to : 15 . int . mixing room — night gibbon and mirell still work with the tape recorder in the background as we see roy neill , Karen 's husband , a well - build man , watch the monitor tensely with CHRIS halloran , a sharply - dress young feature producer . Roy be upset , pace - CHRIS that 's the second one . griffith Park . roy Jesus . have Karen see this ? CHRIS yes . roy she never mention see the girl . I mean it 's bad enough this psycho pick she to make he phone call to , but this - CHRIS she do not want you to worry . the image on the monitor screen cut to the scene of another kill . Roy and Chris look at it - roy I be worried . CHRIS yeah . CUT to : 16 . ext . STREET — karen — night Karen approach a phone booth , search , see - — CUT to : 17 . booth — karen 's Pov — night there be a yellow smiley - face sticker above the phone . beneath it be the scratch message - Karen — this be the place . CUT to : 18 . karen — night look around , turn toward the booth to shield the fact that she be transmit - karen I be on western between delongpre and sunset . the nunber here be - CUT to : 19 . int . radio booth — night karen ( v.o. radio ) -527-29 % $ . i’1l transmit [ # s{416 call I . cardwell damn , it 's something in the wire , it 's get to be . kline ( to shantz ) should we have the boy scoop she up ? shantz if she do not meet he tonight he may go underground again . I think it 's worth the risk to go ahead with it . cardwell you be not the one out there with that fruitcake . CUT to : 20 . cu lew — night lew lander , a almost too-handsome anchorman , look at we sincerely - lew - week ago when update News reporter Karen West begin receive call from a mysterious stranger who identify himself only as ' Eddie 's - CUT to : 21 . int . bathroom — lew — night lew be practice before a mirror over a sink , a sheet of copy in he hand - lew - the kirq news team begin work with Los Angeles police to link ' Eddie 's with the recent string of fatal attack on young woman in the area . Roy enter , shake , and lew pretend to be adjust he clothes . Roy run cold water in the sink next to lew and throw it on he face - lew hi , Roy . Roy do not respond . lew brave little girl you have get there . Roy glare at he : exit . lew take the copy sheet out - lew tonight , in a act of courage we here at kirq be all very proud of , Karen West have - CUT to : 22 . int . phone booth — karen — night wait - CUT to : 23 . cu karen — night tense , watch the phone - CUT to : 24 . phone — karen 's Pov — night a moment 's beat — ring ! CUT to : 25 . karen — night jump at the noise . she lift the receiver - karen Eddie ? yes ... yes ... alone . CUT to : 26 . ecu eddie 's mouth — night very dark , we watch Eddie 's lip as he speak into a phone - eddie be you wear what I ask you to ? good ... good . CUT to : 27 . karen — night shaking a little as she talk - karen yes Eddie ... I know . I will . okay . yes . CUT to : 28 . int . radio room — night Roy be be introduce to the cop by terry fisher , Chris 's program assistant and girl friend - terry Lieutenant shantz , detective Kline , this be Karen 's husband - shantz ( offer he hand ) you get a brave young lady there , Mr. West . roy neill . Roy William neill . Karen use she maiden name . kline Roy neill ? from Stanford ? roy ( embarrassed ) yeah - kline ( to shantz ) this be knockdown neill ! I see he make a tackle once , it be a wonder the boy 's head stay on he shoulder . what be you do this day ? roy ( quietly ) I own some health club . kline no kid , must be a great way to stay in shape . the radio receiver begin to crackle , a unintelligible squawk come out - cardwell she 's transmit . roy whre 's the sound ? cardwell ( piss ) that 's it . completely scramble . roy what ? CUT to : 29 . ext . STREET — karen — night talk as she walk - karen - it 's call the eros Book store and it 's a block north hollyw - CUT to : 30 . int . radio room — night Roy freaking out . Chris be now try to calm he - roy - you tell she she have never be out of contact ! what kind of half - ass - CHRIS they be go to pick she up , Roy , they have people in the area - roy what do that mean , ' in the area 's ? shantz do not worry , Mr. West . we will find she . CUT to : 31 . tv monitor screen — doc — night Dr. waggner address he audience - doc -stress result when we fight against we impulse , when we attempt to destroy the natural man or woman within we . repression be the father of neurosis , of self - hatred - CUT to : 32 . ecu eddie — night in the dark somewhere , sweat bead he forehead , eye bloodshot . he breathes heavily , tense - CUT to : 33 . ext . neon sign — night flash - live model CUT to : 34 . another sign — night flash - strange love act CUT to : 35 . ext . STREET — karen — night lose , look up at the sign . a hooker eye she as she wander - hooker you on the wrong block , honey . karen do you know where the eros Book store be ? hooker jus 's keep walkin’ an’ you run right into it . karen thank you . the hooker watch after she , shaking she head - hooker there go the neighborhood . CUT to : 36 . ext . patrol car — night screeching to a halt in a seedy section of western Ave. brile and mcbean jump out . we follow they down the street - mcbean I see the third one when they bring she in . the one he kill over in westwood . brile yeah . he 's a sick one . mcbean when I think of something like that walk the street - brile just keep you head , kid . CUT to : 37 . ecu eddie — night sweat , rub he eye - CUT to : 38 . ecu coin slot — night Eddie 's finger push a quarter into a slot - CUT to : 39 . peep show screen — night black , then flicker to life . two man be tie the wrist of a young woman in a tear dress to bedpost - CUT to : a40 . cu eddie — night watch the screen , face wash in its light . CUT to : b40 . ext . bookstore — karen — night pause at the door to the eros porno shop . she pretend to cough , shield she face - karen I be go in now . i’1ll keep the transmitter open for you - CUT to : 41 . int . radio room — night cardwell shaking he head as he receiver crackle with static - CUT to : 42 . int . bookstore — night Karen pass the marital aid , look warily at a lone browsing customer - CUT to : 43 . cashier — night watch Karen suspiciously - CUT to : 44 , karen — night walk along the peep show booth , each with a picture and a description of the movie inside . she stop at one that read — gangbang — CUT to : 45 . booth door — night just above the plot description there be another yellow smiley - face sticker . CUT to : 46 . karen — night get up she nerve , push the door open , enter - CUT to : 47 . int . booth — karen — night in almost total darkness . she stand for a moment , face a blank screen . there be a brief wash of light as someone slip in behind she , then darkness as the door click shut . Karen be terrify . eddie ( in dark ) I ’‘1l put a quarter in . we tilt and doom as a hand appear , drop a quarter in the slot . we tilt up to the screen which flash on . a group of teenager spread-eagling a young girl on the hood of a car - CUT to : 48 . cu karen — night scared , face light by the screen- karen hello , Eddie . eddie ( in dark ) thank you for come . I have be think about you . karen can I turn around and see you ? CUT to : 49 . ecu lip — night Eddie 's lip , speak softly in Karen 's ear - eddie not yet , Karen . I want to talk first . I need to talk to you . CUT to : 50 . ext . STREET — night brile and mcbean be talk with the hooker - hooker - yeah , she ask direction to it . mcbean how long ago ? hooker couple minute . hey , she on tv ? she look familiar - the cop have hurried away - CUT to : 51 . ecu lip — night Eddie 's lip at Karen 's ear - eddie - I walk the street at night and they look at I and I can see that they know . they know I be different . they hate I for it . CUT to : 52 . int . booth — cu karen — night tear roll down she cheek , still face the screen - karen I do not hate you , Eddie . eddie ( in dark ) I know you do not . that 's why you come here . turn around , Karen . I want to give you something . Karen begin to turn - CUT to : 53 . int . control room — night Dr. waggner still talk on the monitor , Roy pace , Chris sit , tense , the other crew member silent , wait . Doc display a book title the gift by dr . GEORGE waggner . doc - when we be bear each of we be give a gift — the gift of life - CUT to : 54 . cu tape recorder — night the reel - to- reel still go - eddie ( tape ) - and I get in bed and I watch you and I touch myself - CUT to : 55 . tv monitor , screen — night show another mutilate girl be cover up - eddie ( tape ) - and I think about what I x11 do when I get you alone - CUT to : 56 . cu radio receiver — night crackling static extra loud - CUT to : 57 . int . booth — peepshow screen — cu girl — night a headshot of the girl with a gag in she mouth , shaking she bed from side to side , eye wide in fear - karen ( off ) oh my God . oh no . oh my God . CUT to : 58 . int . bookstore — night brile and mcbean talk with the cashier - cashier - yeah , there be a broad - lemme see - she go in the back there - CUT to : 59 . cu karen 's face — night as she scream in horror - CUT to : 60 . bookstore — night the cop react to the scream , leaping down the aisle to the booth . just as they arrive , Karen push out of the booth . she 's half out when Eddie catch she from inside - karen help I ! help I ! CUT to : 61 . cop — night mcbean draw , fire — crack ! brile wait ! 62 . booths — night mcbean empty he gun into the booth door beside Karen . there be a unearthly scream of pain . Karen scream also , look inside , splash with blood - CUT to : 63 . cu karen 's face — night she scream CUT to : 64 . booth — night the door riddled . we hear Eddie slumping to the floor . CUT to : 65 . floor — night blood spread out from the bottom of the booth - CUT to : 66 . cashier — night come up behind the cop , angry - cashier I know I shoud not have let a broad back here . CUT to : 67 . int . control room — cu director — night watch a monitor - director ready remote . ( snap finger ) remote , you be hot . CUT to : 68 . omitted 69 . ext . bookstore — l.s. — night patrol car strobing at the curb , a crowd gather . superimpose the title — the howling — as we hear lew on the track - lew ( v.0 . ) a reign of terror end tonight in a bizarre shootout when Los Angeles police - CUT to : 70 . flash of a flashbulb pop at we - CUT to : 71 . int . bookstore — night crowded with cop . Police photographer be flash picture of the bullet- ride booth as the cashier wait with mop and bucket - CUT to : 72 . magazine rack — night shantz confront brile and mcbean by the fetish section - mcbean look shake - shantz no gun , no knife , nothing . he be clean . what happen ? brile do not look at I . talk to Quick draw mcgraw here . CUT to : 73 . ext . STREET — night Roy stand by Karen as she sit on the hood of a strobing patrol car , daze . her dress be tear , arm scratch and bruise , and she face have a long scratch on it . roy they say we can go home in a minute . Chris bend down next to Karen - CHRIS Karen , I talk the old man out of put you on camera tonight . roy that 's big of you . CHRIS we will tape something when you feel up to it - just tell whatever happen in you own word . nothing newsy . karen I do not know . CHRIS it will be very low -key . no hype . CUT to : 74 . cu karen — night karen ( surprised by the realization ) I mean I do not know what happen in there . I do not remember . CUT to : 75 . ext . house — day Karen and Roy 's small but expensive house in sherman oak - CUT to : 76 . int . live room — day a silent pan along a wall give we a look at a wedding picture or two , some of Roy 's college football trophy , a broadcaster of the Year plaque for Karen - till we tilt down to see Karen sleep on a couch in a patch of sun - CUT to : 77 . cu karen 's face — day tense , she mouth twitching slightly - CUT to : 78 . ecu karen 's hand — day twitching , balling into a fist - CUT to : 79 . dream flash — porno — night a flash of the bound and gag girl from the peep show movie — nightmare music begin - CUT to : 80 . ecu karen 's hand — day a tighter fist now - CUT to : 81 . dream flash — finger — night a flash of finger push a quarter into the peep show slot - CUT to : 82 . dream flash — lip — night Eddie 's lip , speak silently - CUT to : 83 . dream flash — karen — night start to turn to face Eddie in slow motion - CUT to : 84 . cu karen 's face — day jerk she head side to side as the dream disturb she - CUT to : 85 . dream flash — karen — night turn , see , scream silently in slow motion - CUT to : 86 . int . exercise room — roy — day Roy be do bench press on he nautilus machine . there be a scream from the next room . Roy bolt up and out - CUT to : 87 . live room — day Karen scream on the couch , Roy hurry to she side , wake she - roy Karen , it 's I . it 's Roy . Karen open she eye and scream in terror at she husband 's face , shrink back to protect herself from he - roy oh , baby , it 's I . do not be afraid . Karen snap out of it , look at Roy , breathe hard . karen I do not see he ... I turn around but I do not see he . Roy take she in he arm . CUT to : 88 . police artist 's drawing — day of Eddie , a sad-look young man - terry ( off ) look like a pretty normal kid . CUT to : 89 . int . tv station newsroom — day UPI teletype chatter in the background , Chris and Terry look at the rendering of Eddie 's face - CHRIS they be posting this all over the city . I guess he face be too tear up for a picture . terry what about he print ? CHRIS nothing . they do not know where he live , where he come from , nothing . CUT to : 90 . drawing of eddie — day terry ( off ) Eddie . CUT to : 91 . cu karen — mirror image — night Karen in she nightgown , study she face in she bathroom mirror . she trace the scratch Eddie leave on she face , fainter now , but still there - roy ( off ) you almost do in there ? karen come . CUT to : 92 . int . bedroom — night Karen sit on the edge of the bed . Roy , naked under the cover , begin to kiss the back of she neck . Karen respond by tightening . Roy back away . karen I be sorry , honey . I be not ready . roy ( disappointed ) it 's okay . do not worry about it . she turn to face he - karen I have not be much fun lately , have I ? roy ( sourly ) what do you mean , ' lately 's ? karen it will get better . roy I hope so . karen ( sigh ) George - Dr. waggner - do marriage counseling , you know . I be wonder - roy we can work it out ourselves . no need to let some tv shrink get he paw on we personal life . Karen look at he gravely , turn the light off and crawl in next to he . they lie in the dark a moment - roy we will be okay . do not worry . CUT to : 93 . int . tv station dressing room — night Karen seat in front of the mirror as she make - up lady fran cover the scratch on she face with make - up - fran a little touch here and nobody 'il be the wiser . karen ( edgy ) : why not leave it ? fran boss 's order , honey . ( survey she work ) you face be you fortune . karen ( not pleased ) right . Terry enter , lean down by Karen - terry you okay ? karen I all be fine . ( lift a glass ) Dr. waggner give I some nerve juice . terry ( cheery ) you should see the stack of letter you get from the viewer . karen how many come - on from man ? terry ( shrugh ) oh , you know . a few sick one . karen I will bet . CUT to : 94 , tv starion corridor — night Fran still fussing with Karen 's hair as she march resolutely down the hall , flanke by Terry and Chris - CHRIS you sure you be up to this ? karen I think it 's best to dive in head first . CHRIS yeah , that 's what the old man say . karen he would . the ‘old man 's station manager Fred Francis , wait for they at the door to the news studio - francis here 's my girl - karen hi , Fred . francis we will get a eighty rating tonight . everybody want to see the lady who catch Eddie the mangler - karen wonderful . francis we will give they the old '' beauty and the Beast '' routine . crossplug it with '' creature feature '' and boost we share for the sweep . karen where 's my copy ? Terry hand she some sheet of news copy and she blow past Francis - CUT to : 95 . int . live room ( kitchen ) — cu roy — night Roy be sit in the dark , the tv screen he be watch lighting he face - tv announcer ( v.o . ) kirq action News with lew lander , Karen West , gene fowler with sport - CUT to : 96 . cu karen — night at she seat on the tv news desk , scan she copy - CUT to : 97 . int . control booth — night Karen in a medium shot on the camera two preview monitor , lew and Karen at they news desk on the line monitor . Fred , Chris , and Terry stand look on - tv announcer ( v.o . ) John brahm with the weather - director ready camera two - CHRIS she do not look good . I do not think she 's ready , Fred . francis bullshit . she 's get ice water in she vein , that kid . director two , you be hot - Karen 's close - up pop over to the line monitor . she look at the camera blankly - CUT to : 98 . cu karen — night in the flesh . she take a breath , start - karen another earthquake shook area in southern fakistan - she hesitates , look around - CUT to : 99 . camera — karen 's Pov — night the big eye of the lens stare at she . CUT to : 100 . cu karen — night lose it - karen - which - couple with flooding - with flooding - CUT to : 101 . floor director — karen 's Pov — night frantically give she the speed - up signal - CUT to : 102 . cu cue operator — karen 's Pov — night the man run the cue-card machine stare at she - CUT to : 103 . booth — karen 's Pov — night Fred cursing soundlessly behind the glass - CUT to : 104 . karen - night sweat , struggle - karen - account for a estimate one hundred death tonight - death tonight - she close she eye - CUT to : 105 . flash — porno scene — night the bound and gag girl , writhe - CUT to : 106 . cu karen — night open she eye , really freak out now - karen oh my God . CUT to : 107 . int . control booth — night Karen still on the line monitor ; Chris and Terry bolt out of the booth - karen ( v.o . ) I be sorry . I do not mean to - francis cue the editorial ! Quick ! director preset seven , on the air . the image of Francis sit at a desk come on the line monitor - tv announcer ( v.o . ) and now a kdhb editorial from station manager Fred W. Francis - francis somebody get she out of there and have lew cover - we see Terry and Chris on the preview monitor now , arrive to help the daze Karen from she chair - CUT to : 108 . studio floor — night Terry and Chris lead Karen away as lew look on , try not to panic - — CHRIS ( terry ) it 's okay , Karen , you do not have to go on . karen he 's in my head . I can not stop it . CHRIS you need some time . just come with I . CUT to : 109 . tv screen — night Francis look sincerely into the camera - francis - a lot of talk about we ' culture of violence . 's well , we here at kdhb feel that - CUT to : a110 . control booth — night Fred be on the phone , watch himself on the monitor . francis I do not know , she just take the olive . I want we statement to be that it 's totally unrelated to the mangler bna oe what ’sername , fujiyama fujimoto , and get she ready for the 11:00 report - CUT to : 110 . int . dr . waggner 's office — day quiet enough to hear the clock tick . we pan across the wall , see a frame shrink 's license , a print of edvard munch 's '' the scream '' , a portrait of R.D. lang . a shelf full of leatherbound book , include '' the gift . '' karen ( off ) - when I think of it - and I think of it all the time now - I can not help it - all I can remember be push the door open - and the next I know I be outside and there be police and Roy be there and the remote crew and it be over - CUT to : 111 . karen — day sit deep in a overstuff chair , haunt by the memory - karen and there be blood on I and I could not think who it might belong to . CUT to : 112 . cu doc — day concerned , sit on rock chair , rock thoughtfully . doc and you can not remember anything that happen inside the booth ? CUT to : 113 . office , karen and doc — day face each other - karen nothing . only in dream . and then it 's weird , just little piece , you know ? doc and how be you and Roy ? karen no better than the last time we talk . worse . listen , Doc , how crazy be i? doc completely bananas . ( they laugh ) I think I be go to recommend that you spend a week or two at the colony . karen you place up north there ? doc I only recommend special patient , one who I think can benefit from that kind of environment - CUT to : 114 . highway one — car — day Roy 's car cruise north on the highway along the ocean - doc ( v.0 . ) - if nothing else , it will be a vacation from work , from the city . karen ( v.o. ) what go on up there ? CUT to : 115 . wooded road — car — day Roy 's car ease down a forest road now - doc ( v.0 . ) it 's a place to recharge you battery , to get back in touch with what 's really you . we have seminar , some group session , it 's good place to tackle this amnesia thing . CUT to : 116 . int , car — day Roy drive , Karen in the passenger seat - karen I do not know if I want to remember . roy huh ? karen Doc say that once I get what happen ( in the booth ) day and face it it will not scare I anymore . I be not so roy give this place a chance . karen I think you be the one who do not trust therapy . 's very low -key . be a out into the light of sure . roy I see you break down on tv the other night , Karen . ( he shrug ) we have get to do something . karen I hope the people be not too weird . CUT to : 117 . old man — night erle kenton , a grizzle old man , give a wild whoop into the camera , face light by firelight - erle yeee-hah ! CUT to : 118 . l.s. beach — barbecue party — night a couple dozen people mill about , talk and laugh loudly at a barbecue cookout on the beach . a couple driftwood fire cast and eerie light on the scene as a small country - western band do a loud and fast number - CUT to : 119 . ecu knife , beef — night a large carve knife slice into a side of beef sizzling on a spit over a fire - CUT to : 120 . party , beef pit — night jerry warren , a colony member in a stain apron , wave a hunk of beef on a meat fork at Karen and Roy . he have to shout a bit over the party sound - jerry Jerry Warren , I be in software . roy please to meet you . jerry Little prime rib ? roy no thanks . I try not to eat meat . Karen offer a paper plate . karen I ' 1l try some . donna Karen West ! oh my God ! donna , in she late 30' , enter the picture with a drink for Jerry . donna we watch you on the news all the time . karen ( smile ) oh. donna you be we second favorite right behind - who 's the Oriental girl , Jerry ? jerry this be my wife donna . roy hi- jerry Roy and Karen West . roy Roy neill - karen ( point ) this remind I of a college mixer - CUT to : ( later ) 121 . couple — night stand amidst the mingling colony member , wrap in a passionate kiss , oblivious to everything around they - jerry ( off ) would you believe that two have file for divorce before they come up here ? CUT to : 122 . beef pit — night donna it seem like a miracle , but when you see doctor in action you will be a believer . charlie ( off ) hello , folk ! charlie barton , a beefy man in a western shirt , approach to pump Roy 's and Karen 's hand - charlie welcome to the colony - jerry this be Charlie Barton - Karen and Roy - donna Charlie 's on we board . he put up the cattle for the barbecue tonight . charlie I use to watch you on the tv all the time - karen that 's nice . ( karen : thank you ) charlie ( confuse ) be you on tv too ? karen yes , I be - charlie ( clap Roy 's shoulder ) I remember - I see you on that Rose bowl game - good lord that be a heart - stopper - donna if you guy do not mind I be gonna borrow Karen for a minute , give she the run-down on the colony . jerry ( call ) do not leave out all the juicy stuff ! CUT to : 123 . country singer — night sing and play . CUT to : 124.couple — night hand all over each other now , press against each other - CUT to : 125 . karen and donna — night walk on the periphery of the party - karen pretty lively . donna do not worry , honey . people be just blow off some steam tonight . the colony be not one of you touchy - feely outfit . in fact it get pretty slow around here on weekday . karen be it like - be it a real tight group or what . Doc never tell I much about it . donna there 's not a whole lot of peer pressure or anything , if that 's what you mean . I mean , we be all just people here . CUT to : 126 . drink table — night Roy approach the drink table where dark and beautiful marsha stand serve from a large punchbowl . she smile at Roy . marsha you want some ? roy yeah . why not ? what be it ? marsha it 's good . Marsha dip she ladle into the bowl ; Roy grab a cup - CUT to : 127 . marsha — night she poise the ladle above Roy 's cup , hold he eye , and smile enigmatically at he . she pour punch very slowly into he cup - CUT to : 128 . roy , marsha — night Roy be make uneasy and attract at the same time - roy I be Roy marsha I know . roy oh . thank you . Roy move away with he punch . he look back over he shoulder . Marsha be still watch he , the little smile on she face - CUT to : a128 . erle — night we see erle sit alone , drink punch from a cup , mumble dejectedly to himself . erle can not go on like this . damn tooth be shot . Hell of a note . CUT to : 129 . cu t.c. — night t.c. , Marsha 's young brother , wear a John deere cap , be stare at something as he open oyster with a clasp knife at the hor d'oeuvre table . we pull focus to see that he be stare at Karen and donna as they walk to Dr. wagner ( we pull focus to see that he be stare at Karen and donna as they greet Dr. waggner ) . CUT to : 130 . cu karen — t.c. 's Pov — night talk at a distance - CUT to : 131 . ecu - t.c. — night he eye fix on she - CUT to : 132 . karen , donna , doc — night chat by a bonfire , paper plate of food in they hand . doc and you bungalow ? karen it 's just fine . donna we be neighbor . karen how come you never tell I about this place ? marsha ( off ) waggner ! Marsha push she way into they conversation . she seem very angry as she hold a copy of Doc 's book , the gift . doc hello , Marsha . how be you ? marsha you take this book back . I do not want my brother read it . doc he ask if he could . marsha you have do enough damage already . she throw the book at Doc and fix Karen with a glower stare . she stalk off . donna bitch . doc we can all learn a lot from Marsha . she 's a very elemental person . all that natural energy . donna she 's a nymphomaniac . doc it 's just so unchannelled . she 's get a long way to go . CUT to : 133 . country singer — night whooping as he sing - CUT to : 134 . beef pit — night Roy stand watch Paul naschy demonstrate a backhand swing to Jerry with the meat fork . Paul have a Eastern european accent . paul you must be think all of you mind into backhand wrist . no tanshun in shoulder - you have tanshun in shoulder , kiss he goodbye . jerry Paul 's on the pro tour . he 's work on my tennis game , and I be teach he to shoot . you hunt ? roy no . I never get into that . my friend Chris shot a deer once and I just about stop talk to he . jerry ( deflate ) oh. yeah , I guess some people feel that way . there be a awkward silence between they - Roy look across the beach - CUT to : 135 . marsha — roy 's Pov — night seem to sense he gaze , turn to look at he - CUT to : 136 . cu marsha — night she face alive with firelight , stare boldly at he - CUT to : 137 . roy — night not hearing at first - paul ( off ) you be tennis player ? Mr. vest ? Roy snap out of it - roy pardon ? CUT to : 138 . beef pit , men — night paul you be play tennis ? roy oh , no . I pump - I lift weight . CUT to : 139 . party , couple — night leave the party , arm in arm , hurry toward the darkness , flushed - CUT to : 140 . karen , donna — night Karen be look across the sand at Marsha - karen ( point ) so who be she ? donna Marsha ? karen she 's beautiful . donna round-heel from the word go . she 'il trot it out for anybody in pants . karen be she in the colony ? donna no. local talent . she and she brother t.c. ( point-point ) CUT to : 141 . t.c. — night shuck oyster . donna ( off ) - live further up on the mountain . Doc hire they to do odd and end . t.c. 's not too quick . there be a loud shriek - CUT to : 142 . FIRE — night Old erle be scream , struggle with other colony member as he try to throw himself into the fire - erle lemme go ! lemme go ! I wanna end it ! charlie easy buddy , just calm down - erle it 's the only way ! I gotta end it , I gotta burn ! Dr. waggner break through to erle and take he by he shoulder - doc erle ? you just calm down and think a minute . erle you gotta let I to it , Doc . you gotta . CUT to : 143 . karen , donna — night watch . Karen be disturb , donna at ease - karen Jesus . donna do not worry . Old erle pull that routine every once in a while . he need the attention . CUT to : 144 . cu erle — night cry - erle I wanna end it . it just go on and on - doc ( off ) you know better than that , erle . CUT to : 145 . beef pit — night Roy watch erle ; Jerry watch Roy - jerry Old man should not drink . get he loose . roy he 's loose all right . CUT to : 146 . party , doc and erle — night we follow as Doc lead the now docile old man away past the crowd , talk softly to he - doc believe I , come tomorrow , people will be so happy to see you sound they will not think another thing of it . you just get some Doc give Karen a little ' cope with it 's smile as he pass . Karen , watch they - doc ( off ) thing always look different in the light of day . CUT to : 147 . ext . cabin — night a little wood cabin set in the wood . CUT to : 148 . int . bedroom — night Karen and Roy lie asleep in bed - CUT to : 149 . cu karen — night roll she head in agitation as she dream - CUT to : 150 . dream flash — porno screen — night a flash of the bound woman struggle - CUT to : safe and sleep . we hold on 151 . dream flash — finger — night push a quarter into the peep show slot - CUT to : 152 . karen 's hand — night on the bed , tightening into a fist - CUT to : 153 . dream flash — cu karen — night turn slowly in the booth - CUT to : 154 . dream flash — cu erle — night scream silently . his face fire - light - CUT to : 155 . bed , karen — night waking with a gasp . she look around , get she bearing , look to Roy . Roy be fast asleep . there be a howl outside , long and eerie - CUT to : 156 . cu karen — night Karen be freeze a moment by the continue howling - CUT to : 157 . int . bedroom — night Karen get up and we follow she to a window . another howl . she look out - CUT to : 158 . wood — karen 's Pov — night through the window . nothing but a bare clear and the beginning of the forest . another howl split the air - CUT to : 159 . karen — night we follow she back to the bed . she wake Roy - roy wha ? karen Roy , there 's something out there . roy huh ? karen outside . I hear something howling . roy Karen - karen shhh ! listen - there be no sound but insect and the wind through the tree . roy wind . karen something be howling before . roy okay . sure . somebody 's dog . karen I be scared . roy ( sigh ) look Karen , you can not be afraid of everything . karen I have never hear anything like it . roy you grow up in L.A. , Karen , the wildest thing you have ever hear be wolfman Jack . this be the country . now come on , let 's try to sleep . karen ( not comfort ) okay . they lie down . we track in to a close - up of Karen . her eye be wide open as she listen - slow fade to : 160 . ext . parking lot — day Karen stand by Roy 's car in the colony parking lot . Roy have the engine run , set to return to the city - karen I be a little nervous . roy i‘1l be up on Saturday . if you want to give I a call before then I ’1l1 be at the club till eight . karen that old man get I worried . roy Doc do a nice job cool he down , do not he ? relax , you will be fine . okay ? Karen nod . Roy kiss she , pull away . we hold on Karen , who sigh , then turn to enter a path through the wood - CUT to : 161 . pathway — day Karen pass by , lose in think . we hold on one tree , then track in as t.c. appear from behind it , watch Karen . ominous music - CUT to : 162 . ext . hollywood STREET — day Chris and Terry walk in a seedy area , Terry glance at a address in she notepad - terry it 's on this block . CHRIS do the guy say anything else ? terry just that he work with a kid name Eddie who he think live over here . Said the kid hate be a dishwasher . CHRIS who do not . this it ? they stop in front of a seedy man 's hotel - terry yeah . charm . CUT to : ( a163 . ext . colony CENTER ) 163 . cu donna — day very upset , tear in she eye - donna when I first realize that I have - that I have be give the gift - I reject it - CUT to : 164 . int . colony CENTER — day donna sit in the middle of several other colony resident , Doc preside - I could not accept who I be . I deny my potential - doc you be sounding too much like my book , donna - donna I be sorry - CUT to : 165 . karen — day watch from the circle around donna - donna - but I can not seem to find my own word for what 's be happen to I . I have this feel that everything - my body , my mind - everything be out of my control - CUT to : 166 . cu hand , drawer — day a man 's hand slowly pull a dresser drawer open . ominous music - CUT to : 167 . int . cabin bedroom — t.c. — day t.c. pull the top drawer of Karen 's dresser open , pull out a silk slip . he sit on the bed , pet it , rub it against he cheek - CUT to : 168 . int . CENTER — doc — day preside over the session - doc in the old day we would have drive he away to die alone - CUT to : 169 . colony resident — day erle 's turn now ; he sit at the middle of the circle , eye downcast - doc and that feel of uselessness , of be a burden because of you age , have survive beyond that primitive time . it 's the internal enemy that 's the great danger - repression , paranoia - karen but look at the world , Doc - think of the news . there be thing to be afraid of . external threat - doc ( smile ) we know that , Karen . we know that only too well . CUT to : 170 . int . apartment — day the hall door open and Chris and Terry stop at the threshold , look in - CUT to : 171 . eddie 's room — CHRIS and terry 's Pov — day we pan around Eddie 's tiny furnish room . remains of take - out food be strewn about , porno magazine scattered on the floor . the wall be cover with tape - up picture — some naked woman from the magazine , but mostly pencil sketches of face , all of they contort and bestial , wolf - like - CUT to : 172 . cu drawing — day of a man 's face , twisted into a animal snarl - CUT to : 173 . cu another drawing — day a woman 's face , cover with a fine down , eye slant and fierce - CUT to : 174 . CHRIS and terry — day reacting as they enter - terry just you average red-blooded american boy . CHRIS ( look at a picture ) Doc will have a field day with this . terry oh- oh . looky here - Terry pick up a picture from the floor - CUT to : 175 . drawing — day a good likeness of Karen - CHRIS ( off ) not bad . kid have talent . CUT to : 176 . int . room — day terry he could have design the Marquis de sade coloring book . I suppose we would better call the cop . CHRIS I suppose . ( point ) Jesus , look at that - CUT to : 177 . drawing — day on the wall , of a beautiful seascape - a view of a beach and ocean from a high overlook cliff - CUT to : 178 . cu terry — day look at it , fascinate - terry I wonder if it 's a real place or just something in he head . CUT to : 179 . int . doc 's office ( colony ) — exam room — day Karen sit on a padded table in a little examination room . Old apothecary jar of medicine , chemical and tongue depressor sit on the back shelf . the effect be much more '' country doctor '' than Doc 's L.A. office . Doc be take Karen 's blood pressure , squeezing the bulb - doc you be still a little high , Karen . karen the dream - doc you can not be afraid of a dream , Karen . i’1l give you something to help you sleep . karen I get freak out at night - doc you be in a safe place , surround by people who be concerned about you . karen I wish that make I feel better . doc if you need to call Roy , this office be always open ; you can use the phone . karen I feel like such a jerk . afraid of my own shadow - doc all of we come here with that kind of fear , that feel of isolation . when you leave you will be a new woman . CUT to : 180 . ext . cabin — night light out inside - CUT to : 181 . int . bedroom — night Karen lie in bed but not sleep . she get up - CUT to : 182 . bathroom mirror — night Karen 's face reflect for a second as she flick a light on and open the mirrore medicine cabinet - CUT to : 183 . ecu pill bottle — night in Karen 's hand . the tag read - '' 2 nitely for sleep '' CUT to : 184 . int . bathroom — night Karen swallow the pill with a glass of water . she flick the light off - CUT to : 185 . live room — night we follow Karen across the dark live room . there be a howl outside ; she stop - CUT to : 186 . cu karen — night face freeze as she listen to another howl - CUT to : 187 . live room — night we follow as Karen pull a flashlight down from a hook on the wall , open the front door and point the beam out into the wood - CUT to : 188 . ext . cabin — night look at the cabin from the wood as the beam search out toward we - CUT to : 189 . porch — night Karen play the beam across the yard , catch a glint of something white in a bush to the side of the porch step . she walk down and pull the thing from the bush - CUT to : 190 . silk — night in Karen 's hand , a strip of white cloth tear from Karen 's slip - CUT to : 191 . cu karen — night puzzle , not make the connection . another howl ; she aim the flashlight in its direction - CUT to : 192 . wood , flashlight beam — night we pan with the beam as it move over the still , silent brush at the edge of the wood . the beam stop on a bush that be still shaking from something - CUT to : 193 . porch — night Karen back up the porch , frighten . she snap the light off , hurry inside . we hear the door lock - CUT to : 194 . edge of wood — night light by the moon now . we track in to the wood as ominous music begin . a pair of eye , wolflike , gleam out at we - fade to : 195 . tennis ball — day sailing through the air - whap !- return across the court . CUT to : 196 . ext . tennis court — day donna and Karen play tennis- donna why fall embarrassed ? you hear something outside , why should not you tell the police ? have not you ever do assertiveness training ? karen no. donna before I hook into Doc , I do it all - EST , tm , Scientology , iridology , primal screamer , you name it . I figure another five year of hard work and I ’‘1l be a human be . Karen laugh as a sheriff 's car pull up by the court and SAM newfield get out and approach they - SAM ' Morning , lady . donna Sam , this be Karen neill ; Sam newfield . SAM Doc say on the phone you get a coyote problem . karen I do not know what it be - there 's this howling - and I think I see something move in the bush . SAM you coyote will come around a set - up like this for the garbage . and there 's be some sighting of wild dog up north -- karen we run a documentary at the station once , about wolf -- the howling sound like that . SAM would not that be something ? I have love to see one of that in the wild -- karen maybe I be overreact - SAM no , no , if you hear it you hear it . i’1l put the Fish and gane boy on the lookout , I be only set up to deal with you two - legge critter . CUT to : 194 . continued : karen no. donna before I hook into Doc , I do it all - EST , tm , Scientology , iridology , primal screamer , you name it . seem like a long time ago . I figure another five year of hard work and I 'il be a human be . laugh , Karen make a clumsy attempt to return donna 's ball , which we follow in a whip - pan to reveal the loom figure of sheriff SAM newfield , who duck away from the oncoming missile . SAM hold you fire , lady . donna Sam ! hi! SAM Doc say on the phone you get yourself a coyote problem — ( pause — he point ) you be famous , ain ’cha ? donna Sam , this be Karen West — Sam newfield . SAM sure , I use to watch you all the time . damn sight prettier than walter cronkite . donna Karen think she see something move in the bush last night . karen and there 's be this howling ... SAM well , you coyote will come around a set - up like this for garbage . ( to donna ) you hear anything ? donna I sleep like the dead . karen we run a documentary at the station once , about wolf — the howling sound kind of like that . SAM would not that be something ? I have love to see one of that in the wild - ' course they be not much to be scared of . all that business about they gangin’ up in pack and makin 's breakfast of folk be a lot of horse puckey . karen maybe I be overreact - SAM no , no , you hear it then you hear it . i’1l put the Fish and gane boy on the lookout , I be only set up to deal with you two - legge critter . donna thanks , Sam . karen what if there really be something out there ? SAM then we will just have to kick its fuzzy behind out of the county , will not we ? afternoon , lady . CUT to : 197 . int . doc 's office ( l.a . ) — CHRIS — day Chris sight down a newly buy deer rifle as he stand in Doc 's L.A. office - CHRIS not bad , Doc . not bad at all . CUT to : 198 . office — day Terry and Doc sit at the desk , Doc ponder xerox copy of Eddie 's wolf drawing - doc I just need something to carry when I go out with the other . I never shoot . terry Chris collect the damn thing - so what 's the scoop on the next norman rockwell ? doc I would love to use some of this in my next book . CHRIS ( - walk - ) accord to the autopsy report , he victim be bitten , almost like a animal attack they -- only they could not say what kind of animal . Doc -- what can you tell I about lycanthropy ? doc where do you hear that term ? terry on the late late show . doc ( sigh ) it 's a mental disorder . there be dozen of case - a patient walk on all four , make bestial grunt and cry , prefer to eat raw meat - terry do they go for cinnamon twist ? Eddie 's place be full of winchell 's do nut box . CUT to : 199 . doc — day doc ( smile ) a person like this be dominate almost completely by the right hemisphere of he brain - the area that control both the non-rational and artistic impulse - Doc lift the xerox of the seascape - doc it 's not so unusual to see a killer who can draw like this - CUT to : 200 . office — day CHRIS this be not a bad angle . would you mind put all that on tape for we ? doc of course - terry we be push Fred for a half - hour special - '' the mind of Eddie quist . '' doc quist ? they find a last name ? CHRIS ( point ) he sign he work . CUT to : 201 . omitted 202 . omitted 203 . drawing — day of a snarling wolf . we tilt down to the bottom . there be a small , erratically - lettere signature — '' E. quist . '' CUT to : 204 . pathway — day Karen walk back from she tennis game through the wood . there be a crackling behind she . she stop , listen - CUT to : 205 . cu karen — day listen - CUT to : 206 . wood — karen 's Pov — day still , menace - CUT to : 207 . pathway — day Karen begin to walk again . the rustling begin behind she - CUT to : 208 . bushes — day the top of the pathside bush shaking as something move behind they - CUT to : 209 . karen — day stop . the rustling stop a second later . karen who 's there ? CUT to : 210 . wood — karen 's Pov — day nothing move - CUT to : 211 . ecu karen 's eye — day peer into the bush - CUT to : 212 . pathway — day Karen turn , begin to walk again . the rustling start up , faster , the follower be get closer . Karen start to run - CUT to : 213 . pathway — day Karen turn a bend , run toward we - CUT to : 214 . bushes — day crackling and shaking as something run after Karen - CUT to : 215 . karen — day run , frighten ; she look behind she , slow , turn back , scream - Marsha be stand in the path in front of she , look at she calmly - karen you scared the shit out of I . marsha have you be play tennis ? Karen be confuse by this response - karen yes ? marsha be that fun ? karen I think something be follow I . Marsha look down past Karen - marsha there 's nothing there now . be there ? karen I guess not . marsha they say you be on tv . karen that 's right . Marsha give Karen a strange smile , step around and walk off in the opposite direction . Karen watch she go , puzzle and unnerve - CUT to : 216 . cu roy — night face tense , drip sweat from he forehead as he pound at something - CUT to : 217 . int . training room — night Roy be alone in he gym clothes , bang at a heavy bag with vicious body punch - CUT to : 218 . nautilus machine — night Roy strain with effort as he push weight up the pole of the leg press - CUT to : 219 . exercycle — night Roy pedale full tilt , try to keep he breath steady - CUT to : 220 . tilt board — night Roy do sit-up on the diagonal board , strain - a pair of bare woman 's leg appear beside he . he look up - CUT to : 221 . paula — roy 's Pov — night a tall girl in gymnast tight look down at Roy , smile - paula you really push yourself , do not you ? CUT to : 222 . int . gym — night Roy unhook he foot and sit up to face she - roy everybody go ? paula I send the last of the tummy - toner home . they be bum out that you do not teach today . roy I could not face another conversation about varicose vein . paula there 's a couple that have get they eye on you . I tell they I be first in line . roy ( laugh ) right . ( awkward pause ) umm - I better hit the shower . he get up to leave . paula ( boldly ) can I come too ? he look at she a long moment , consider . roy no , Paula . thanks for the offer , though . paula still the all - american , huh ? he shrug , start off across the floor . he stop to call back to she . roy if anything change , you will be the first to know . Paula give he a disappointed smile - CUT to : 223 . int . morgue — night sisk , a older man in a lab coat , lead Terry and Chris along a wall of morgue drawer — sisk tattoo ? I do not remember one - CHRIS the coroner say he have one on he shoulder - some kind of animal head - sisk do not get many of you tv people down here . mostly it 's you newspaper fella like to look at the meat . terry if you can not show it on the six o'clock news we people think it do not exist . CHRIS here 's the q section . sisk naw , he 's down here with the John do , have not have time to refile he . terry God , I do not know how you can stand it . sisk the only shock I have in twenty year be the night old stu Walker show up here . I have just say good - bye to he a couple hour before at the shift change and then they haul a stretcher in from the oceanside unit . unzip the bag and there 's stu , big as life and leak seawater . here we be - ( knock on drawer ) Visitors , Eddie - he slide the drawer open - terry oh God . CUT to : 224 . int . drawer — night empty . 225 . CHRIS , terry , sisk — night look down into the empty drawer , mouth gape - sisk dammit , I tell ’em to keep that hall door lock - CHRIS you think somebody steal it ? CUT to : 226 . int . drawer , closer — night long scratch score the side of the drawer . sink well , he do not get up and walk out on he own . CUT to : 227 . ext . porch — donna 's cabin — night donna and Karen sit on rocker on the porch , drink in hand , listen to the cricket . peaceful , donna yeah , she 's a strange girl , Marsha . you wonder if there 's anything to that stuff about hill people inbreed . karen and she brother ? donna I think t.c. 's pretty harmless . but who know what go on in he head . there be a distant lowing of cattle - both woman listen - karen be there cattle near here ? donna you meet Charlie Barton - he 's get a couple acre of pasture just down the hill - louder cattle sound now , in some distress - — karen they do not sound right - donna I be not really sure how cow be suppose to sound - a very load moan of pain and fear now , a dog-like yelp . both woman be up from they rocker - karen not like that - donna Jerry 's get a riffle - CUT to : 228 . ext . hillside — night donna and Karen climb down a sparsely wood hill . donna have a hunt rifle , Karen have a flashlight - donna it 's just down there . CUT to : 229 . fence — beam — night we pan with Karen 's flashlight beam as it play across a thin - wire electrify fence . it come to rest on the carcass of a bloody , mutilate cow drag half out under the wire - CUT to : 230 . karen , donna — night react in horror - donna Jesus . karen where be the rest of the ranch ? donna there 's mile of it . I better go back to the colony for help . you stay here with the flashlight so we can find it again - she start to go - karen donna ! donna what ? karen leave I the rifle . donna you know how to shoot one ? karen Point it and pull the trigger ? donna here . ( hand she the gun ) be careful . donna hurry away . Karen hold the riffle awkwardly in one hand , play the light on the cow with the other - CUT to : 231 . cu karen — night nervously look around she . there be a noise of something move in the pasture - CUT to : 232 . fence , karen — night Karen lay she light on top of a fence post to get the rifle turn around in the right direction , and accidentally bump if off onto the ground . it click off on impact . CUT to : 233 . karen — closer — night tensely cling to the rifle as something approach through the grass , closer , closer - flash ! Karen 's face be hit with white light ; she gasp , point the gun - SAM ( off ) do not shoot that thing , miss ; CUT to : 234 . pasture — night Sam and Charlie stand look at Karen and the dead cow - Karen relax . charlie sorry to scary you . think you might be a cow-jacker . SAM there 's another one back there , tore up the same way . karen what do it ? SAM be not any coyote , that 's for sure . you okay ? karen nothing like a quiet week in the country . CUT to : 235 . ext . cu roy — day Roy be sighting down a deer rifle , squinting - jerry ( off ) squeeze - Roy squeeze the trigger - there be a hollow click of a unload rifle - CUT to : 236 . hillside — men — day a dozen or so men- Jerry , Paul , erle , Sam , Charlie , some other , stand deck out in hunt gear , all carry rifle , watch Jerry instruct Roy - jerry now the quick shot again - think fast ! Jerry toss a piece of wood off into the air ; Roy whirl , snap the gun to he shoulder - click ! jerry you get potential . roy do not you usually do this kind of thing with dog ? charlie ( laugh ) usually . only this cloud would shoot ’em all . jerry and who need dog when we get t.c.? CUT to : 237 . t.c. — day squatting on he haunch a few yard uphill from the other , face deadpan - SAM ( off ) the boy 's part bloodhound . jerry ( off ) I think you be ready for you bullet , Roy . CUT to : 238 . men — day start to move away - erle I still think it be ufo 's . that cattle mutilation - charlie good , erle , you watch the sky for we . that 's 1ll be you job . karen ( off ) Roy - Roy turn - CUT to : 239 . karen — day approach the man , uneasy in the all - male group - roy I think you have a session . karen you do not have to do this , you know . not for my sake . roy ( shrug ) I never be on a wolf hunt before . SAM ( off ) let 's go git it , fella . Roy leave ; we hold on Karen watch he , worried - CUT to : 240 . wooded hillside — day Roy and Jerry huff and puff into sight , hurry up the hill , lug they gun - roy I think I be in shape - jerry he clip along , do not he ? CUT to : 241 . hillside — t.c. — day ahead of they , squatting to examine a mark on the ground , then hurry away behind some tree - roy ( off ) he 's inhuman . CUT to : 242 . roy and jerry — day watch t.c. jerry but I bet he flush something out . CUT to : 243 . int . CENTER — cu karen — day Karen be upset , strain to remember as she speak - karen I have look in all the phone booth on the street . finally there be one with a sticker and a message . '' this be the place , '' it say . I call in , then stand inside the booth and wait . the phone ring - ( she hesitates ) CUT to : 244 . int . CENTER — session — day Karen be sit at the center of a semicircle of colony resident , mostly woman . Doc be preside , Karen sit on the floor with she back turn to most of they - doc ( softly ) pick up the phone , Karen . karen it 's Eddie . he say hello to I . CUT to : 245 . cu karen — day sweat as she remember - karen he say he 's glad that I call . he give I direction where to meet he - the eros Book shop , he say - in the back - look for he mark on one of the booth - doc ( off ) and what happen then , Karen ? CUT to : 246 . ext . wood — day Roy and Jerry stumble into a little clear , sit panting on stump - jerry yeah , donna 's really take a shine to you Karen . say she 's just like a normal person . I mean for a celebrity and all - roy yuh . jerry ( digging ) _ oo , . I suppose she get a lot of guy write stuff to she - be in the public eye like that . guy who want to make it with she . roy ( rumble ) if only they know . jerry ( pick it up ) you know Doc be great with sex problem - roy ( irritate ) it 's none of he business . jerry yeah . I guess not . there be a distant whistle - jerry there 's t.c. must have catch the scent . CUT to : 247 . int . CENTER — cu donna — day watch Karen - donna go ahead , Karen . go inside . CUT to : 248 . cu karen — day scared now , into the memory - karen I go in past the man at the register . past the book , the picture - there 's a booth with a sticker on it . the door be open . CUT to : 249 . cu doc — day watch , tense - doc open the door , Karen . CUT to : 250 . cu karen — day swallow , take a deep breath - karen it 's empty . I step in . I wait . CUT to : 251 . cu doc — day watch - karen ( off ) I can hear my own breathe . CUT to : 252 . cu donna — day watch , tense , concerned - karen ( off ) then I hear something different - CUT to : 253 . omitted 254 . cu karen — day karen somebody else 's breathe join mine . it 's Eddie . he step in behind I , close the door . he put a quarter in the slot , the movie start . he whisper to I , he tell I to turn around - Karen stop , tremble . tear start in she eye - CUT to : 255 . cu doc — day doc ( softly ) turn around , Karen . CUT to : 256 . cu donna — day donna turn around . CUT to : 257 . karen — day tremble , turn to face the group , wild - eye - CUT to : 258 . session group — karen 's Pov — day stare at she , wait - donna what do you see , Karen ? CUT to : 259 . cu donna — day ask urgently - donna what do you see ? CUT to : 260 . cu karen — day we track in at Karen 's face as she freeze . there be a high - pitched note , grow in volume - donna ( off ) what do you see , Karen ? doc ( off ) what 's there , Karen ? CUT to : 261 . cu roy — day blam ! he fire he rifle toward the camera . he lower it - roy I get it ! CUT to : 262 . wood — day we follow as Roy sprint through the wood , bend , pick up a blast rabbit by the hind leg . he turn to call excitedly - roy I get it ! my first shot ! CUT to : 263 . wood , men — roy 's Pov — day Jerry , Charlie , Paul , and erle stand together grin at he excitement , look on approvingly - erle and he say he be not no hunter . CUT to : 264 . int . CENTER — cu karen — day whisper , in tear - karen I can not see he . CUT to : 265 . session group — day all eye on Karen - doc just try , Karen . he 's right there . karen ( shaking , lose it ) no . I can not see he . I can not , I can not . Karen be shudder now , cry . doc okay . it 's okay . that 's far enough for now . Doc nod to donna , who go to Karen and hold she as the other CUT to : 266 . ext . hillside — day move away - Roy be walk down the hill toward the colony with t.c . he carry the rabbit he shot . roy no sign of the wolf ? t.c. nope . just lotsa rabbit . roy what do you do with this thing ? t.c. eat ’em . roy oh. t.c. my sister cook it up for you , if you want . roy I try not to eat meat . t.c. wife might like it . you kill something you do not eat , that 's a sin . roy never think of it that way . t.c. ( point ) place be just over there . Marsha be glad to do it for you . roy ( consider ) you sure ? t.c. ( grin ) Marsha just love to cook . CUT to : 267 . ext . wood — cabin — day a wooden cabin , fairly run-down . Roy approach the porch - CUT to : 268 . porch — roy — day look at the rabbit , skunk , and raccoon hide spread and tack on the outside wall . he take a deep breath , start in - CUT to : 269 . chopping block — rabbit — day whump ! the dead rabbit be plopped on a thick wooden cut board . we tilt up to see Marsha stand over it , smile across the room to where Roy be . she reach behind she and take a large meat cleaver down from a hook . CUT to : 270 . int . kitchen — roy — day Roy sit on a chair face Marsha , uneasy - t.c. be nearby . CUT to : 271 . cu marsha — day smile enigmatically at Roy - CUT to : 272 . cu roy — day smile back , uncertainly - 272a . marsha look towards Roy she give t.c. a more than sisterly kiss goodbye . he leave , smile enigmatically at Roy . CUT to : 273 . cu marsha — day smile at Roy . whack ! whack ! whack ! she chop down on the rabbit with the cleaver . she toss something to Roy - CUT to : 274 . roy — day reflexively catch the severe rabbit 's foot - CUT to : 275 . int . kitchen — roy and marsha — day stare each other now . Roy put the rabbit 's foot on the table . marsha that 's for luck . she begin to peel the rabbit 's skin off easily - CUT to : 276 . cu marsha — day smile boldly at Roy - marsha come off like a glove . whack ! whack ! whack ! Marsha chop at the rabbit again , then thunk ! sink the cleaver into the cut board . we widen and follow she to the sink . her hand be bloody from the rabbit . she put they under the tap , run water - CUT to : 277 . roy — day watch she . she wipe she hand dry , turn , smile at he . she cross the room and stand over he , smile down - marsha i’1l cook it later . she sit on he lap face he , leg straddle he , put she arm around he neck , and kiss he full on the mouth . she begin to unbutton he shirt . Roy 's arm go around she - CUT to : 278 . ext . patio — hot tub — day a large redwood hot tub set in a flagstone patio , surround by acacia tree and high yucca- type vegetation . steam rise from the hot tub - CUT to : 279 . int . hot tub — day donna and Karen sit up to they neck in hot water , eye close , recover together from the session - karen - it have not be so good - we make love once every couple of week , maybe less . then when I start all this pornography and violence research - donna not the biggest turn - on in the world , be it ? karen the thing be , it use to be so good . ever since I start do so well at the station , Roy 's get more and more distant - I fall all this anger inside of he and it scare I : I do not know what it 's for - donna mmmm . karen I be sorry . I be rattling on - donna that always happen after a heavy session . but that 's part of accept the gift - open up and let it all come out . I have find part of I I do not know exist - anyhow , you feel any better ? karen I be thanks . donna I have get to get out of this water before I turn into a prune . donna start out of the tub - karen hot-tubbing be such a nicer term than hydrotherapy . donna you gonna be okay if I go ? karen sure , I will not be much longer . donna leave . Karen give a sigh of comfort - CUT to : 280 . ecu eye — day stare : ominous music begin - CUT to : 281 . hot tub — eye 's Pov — day we track in toward it slightly , branch and yucca blade in we way - CUT to : 282 . cu karen — day open she eye as she hear something outside the tub - karen donna ? CUT to : 283 . hot tub — lurker 's Pov — day we hear a low , rumbling grow as we track in a circular fashion around the tub - CUT to : 284 . karen — day stand at the center of the tub now , turn in circle , strain to see over the edge - karen donna ? who 's there ? there 's a crackling in the bush now - CUT to : 285 . hot tub — lurker 's Pov — day tracking in toward it now - CUT to : 286 . cu karen — day scream - karen help ! somebody help I ! CUT to : 287 . karen — day we track in rapidly toward she from behind . karen somebody help I , please ! help I ! SAM ( off ) miss West ? Karen whirl : scream - CUT to : 288 . omitted ( ? ) 289 . men — karen 's Pov — day a half - dozen hunter stand ringed around the tub , look down at she - SAM something wrong ? CUT to : 290 . karen , men — day Karen cling to the edge of the tub . the man look at she , wonder what she problem be - karen I think I hear something - the wolf - SAM I do not think any wolf be likely to come and jump in you tub . sorry we scared you though . erle ( smile ) we be huntin’ . Sam pick up a beach towel and hand it to Karen - SAM let 's give the lady some privacy here - we will be right down he path , mar ’am , when you be dress . karen thank you . CUT to : 291 . l.s. hot tub — day look through a branch or two , we see the man walk away . Karen climb out to wrap herself in the towel . we hear rustling , then ominous music as t.c. appear in the frame , crouching to watch Karen from the brush . he be completely naked . CUT to : 292 . omitted 293 . omitted 294 . ext . occult store — day lot of weird stuff in the window . the sign read : the other side occult object for special people CUT to : 295 . int . store — day more weird stuff , a wall of book on the occult at the rear . Terry be read through a book as Chris speak with denny , the hard - boil store owner - denny we get ’em all - you sun - worshiper , moon - worshipper , Satanists - the Manson people use to come in here and shoplift . buncha deadbeat - CHRIS do you know of any group that be into steal corpse ? denny body snatcher ? naw , but you wanna read about it I get a book for you . you name it , I get the book - terry ( read ) '' a number of young woman be kill in the next month , they body exhibit sign of animal attack - '' CHRIS what 's that ? terry ( show cover ) '' Witches , Werewolves and warlock . '' there 's some great color for the story in here . CHRIS none of Eddie 's killing be on a full moon . denny that 's Hollywood baloney . you classic werewolf can change shape day or night , whenever it take a notion to . that 's why they call ’em shapeshifter . I get dozen of book here - terry what about kill it with silver bullet ? denny sure . either the bullet or fire . only way to get rid of the damn thing - they be worse than cockroach . they come back from the dead if you do not kill ’em right . plus they regenerate - you chop a leg off , stick a knife in they heart , nothing . they may look dead but two , three day and they be good as new - CHRIS you believe in they ? denny what , I be a idiot ? I be make a buck here - you want book , I get book , I get dog embryos , I get black candle , chicken blood - I even get silver - slugge bullet . . 22 calibre some clown order and never pick up . CHRIS ( edging out ) well , thanks for you help - denny - I take master charge , american Express - say , you gonna buy that book ( ? ) or what ? terry umm - I have not make my mind up yet - CUT to : 296 . cu illustration — day in the book in Terry 's hand . it be a medieval woodcut of a moonlit shape - change party around a bonfire in the wood . there be man and woman in various state of change . we doom in slightly on one of the woman still in human form - the spitting image of Marsha . terry - some of this old picture be incredible . CUT to : 297 . ext . pathway — night Roy be walk home through the wood , carry the cook and wrap rabbit . a owl hoot , startling he a bit - CUT to : 298 . pathway — roy — night walk toward we now , lose in think - pounch ! something big and dark leap at he from the wood - CUT to : 299 . ecu fang — night a flash of a fang bare in the moonlight . CUT to : 300 . ecu roy — night scream as he go sprawling - CUT to : 301 . shoulder — night something we can not quite make out snap and bite Roy 's shoulder - CUT to : 302 . ecu — roy — night scream in pain - CUT to : 303 . ext . cabin — night all the light on - CUT to : 304 . int . cabin — night Karen be hurry from room to room , pack she thing to leave . she be stop by a banging at the door - karen Roy ? more banging , frantic - — karen who be it ? roy ( outside ) ( weekly ) Karen - Karen go to the door , unbolt it , open it - she gasp as Roy fall into she arm , cover in blood - CUT to : 305 . cu hypodermic needle — night a long , mean-look rig , in Doc 's hand , squirting serum - doc ( off ) take a deep breath - CUT to : 306 . int . examination room — night Doc ready the shot as Roy lie back on the exam table with he shirt off , and Karen stand by . Roy 's shoulder where he be bitten be bandage . doc now exhale completely - Roy exhales ; Doc give he a injection in he belly . Roy wince and Karen look away as the big needle go in . doc this vaccine have a few side effect . roy I do not even see it - it be so fast - doc something hit you in the wood - we can not take any chance on raby . karen I want to go back home - doc I would not advise any travel right now . a bite like this can be pretty serious . roy ( to Karen ) we can handle a couple more night . we will just stay out of the wood . it 's nothing really . CUT to : 307 . tv screen — night lon chaney be turn into a werewolf in a old movie CUT to : 308 . int . bedoom — CHRIS and terry — night sit in bed together , Chris watch , Terry read the book from the occult store - CHRIS this thing use to scare the crap out of I when I be a kid . they sure cut they up , do not they ? the telephone suddenly ring . CHRIS oh ... you be , you be read , I 'il get it . terry who 's call you eleven-thirty ? the telephone keep ringing . CHRIS no , it 's my phone , I 'il get it , I 'il get it . ( he start poke she , sardonically ) i’1l git it ! I x11 git it ! terry oh ... yes ( laugh ) ... Terry reach for the phone . terry hello ?- Karen !- no , we be still up - what ?- you be kid I !- no , listen we will come right up , okay ?- we will be right up , just come down - okay - okay , bye-bye . Terry seem shocked and Chris , disturb . CHRIS what be it ? terry Roy just get bitten by a wolf . CUT to : 309 . ext . cabin — morning Karen and Terry hug , relieved to see each other , while Roy stand off to one side , look troubled - karen I keep ask myself , '' why I ? '' first the thing in L.A. , now this - roy you be not the one who get hit - karen but it come after I yesterday . I know it do . roy it probably be not even a wolf . a lot of dog get loose around here , they go wild - CUT to : 310 . int . doc 's office ( colony ) — day Doc and Chris talk - doc that 's incredible - CHRIS the scratch on the inside be what get I . it 's one thing to steal the body , but another to be - doc you have not tell Karen any of this , have you ? CHRIS no . I want a progress report from you first . doc she 's not in very good shape . I would not advise tell this right now . CHRIS seem like a awful big coincidence - Karen be attack by some guy with wolf on the brain and then one show up here - doc in the word of sigmund Freud : '' there be no coincidence . '' they look at each other , wonder . CUT to : 311 . omitted 312 . beach — day Roy and Chris walk together on the beach , follow at a short distance by Karen and Terry . Roy seem detach . CHRIS - the police have manage to keep the story about the miss body out of the news - roy and you be play ball with they ? CHRIS we have get a inside track on this thing - we do not want to break it till we have get the full scoop . roy ( sourly ) Reporters . CHRIS my main worry be that whoever steal the body may have follow Karen up here - roy not very likely . Chris look carefully at Roy , who seem lose in think - CHRIS I get the feel you know something we do not . roy ( shake he head ) naw . sorry . I be a little out of it lately . CHRIS problem with Karen ? roy ( shrug ) I guess I be just go through some change . CUT to : 313 . karen and terry — day terry so the other night we make love and he have a idea for a news segment , and he want I to get out of bed to take note ! karen well ... he be you boss . terry yeah , I suppose he be . ( pause ) sometimes I wish I could be you . karen what ? terry you know how Chris feel about you . karen oh come on , Terry . sure , there 's professional respect ... terry respect my ass . you be all he talk about this day . think I notice . karen Terry ... I be the last person you have want to trade place 314 . omitted 315 . omitted 316 . omitted 317 . ext . cabin ( picnic area ) — late afernoon I guess he do not with , believe I . Chris , Terry , Roy , and Karen cooking out , in the front yard . Chris and Roy sit on the porch - Terry serve Karen off to one side - CUT to : 318 . cu chicken ( spare rib ) — grill — late afternoon we follow a sizzling hunk of barbecue chicken ( rib ) as it be fork off a hibachi and dumped onto a paper plate . karen ( off ) I do not know she last name . CUT to : 319 . karen and terry Karen look at she chicken , embarrassed by the subject - karen donna call she Marsha the man-eater . she 's get a shack by the ocean with little furry animal hang from the rafter . terry and you think she 's try to put a move on Roy . karen I do not know , it 's just a feel . her brother be the real creep - the way he look at I - yuck . I sound paranoid , do not I ? terry you sound fine . ( realize ) God , no veggy . karen huh ? terry this dinner . I forget about roy. ( turn , call ) Roy ? I be sorry , I completely forget about you and meat - CUT to : 320 . porch — roy and CHRIS — late afternoon Roy be catch wolfing down a breast of chicken , bone already on he plate - roy hey , no sweat ( shrug ) I get hungry enough I ’1l1 eat anything . Chris look at he , puzzle - CUT to : 321 . ext . guest cabin — night Terry be say good - bye to Chris at the door to a little guest cabin set in the wood - CHRIS just stay by Karen and call I from Doc 's phone around seven . and keep everything lock up tight . okay ? terry ( worried ) it say in that book if you get bit by a werewolf you turn into one . whether you want to or not . CHRIS do not go flaky on I now . remember what happen to Fred sear down at the station when he get into ufo 's - the old man stick he on '' bowl for buck '' till he retire . terry I be go to sleep with a can of mace under my pillow - CHRIS ( smile ) tomorrow I pitch the werewolf angle to the old man . hope he 's in a good mood . terry do not let he bite you , you 'il turn into a asshole . Chris laugh , kiss Terry good - bye . he look at she , shake he head . CHRIS it 's probably just some stray dog . terry that 's what they tell Little Red Riding Hood . CUT to : a321 . int . cabin — bedroom — night Roy sit read in bed , shirt off . Karen enter and sit by he . she watch he for a moment . she kiss he softly on the neck . he put the book down , look at she . she stroke he face , kiss he chest . she snuggle closer , kiss he unwounded shoulder . Roy watch as if she be a alien creature . karen Roy ? will you make love to I ? Roy sigh , shake he head . roy I be not really up to it . ( touch he stomach ) this shot - sorry . Karen rest she head on he shoulder , disappointed . Karen - it 's okay . there be a silent moment , Roy not respond to Karen 's closeness . she move away - karen we be out of sync , be not we ? we never want the same thing at the same time . roy ( distantly ) it will be over soon . Karen look at he , wonder what this remark could mean . CUT to : 322 . ext . wood — night still dark . then the air be cut by a long , mournful howl - CUT to : 323 . int . cabin — bedroom — night Terry wake as she hear the howling . she get up and pull a tape recorder from under she bed . she quickly set it up , start it , open she bedroom window , and stick the microphone out as the howling continue - CUT to : 324 . int . bedroom — cu karen — night she wake as she hear the howling - karen Roy ? we widen as she turn in bed - Roy be go - karen ( call ) Roy ? no answer - CUT to : 325 . ext . wood — clearing — night a clear in the wood , light by a full moon . there be rustling - then Marsha emerge from one side of the clear and Roy from other . they face each other - CUT to : 326 . roy — night we track in at Roy as he stand , eye fix on Marsha - CUT to : 327 . marsha — night we track in on Marsha as she look at Roy , smile , and begin to undress - CUT to : 328 . clearing — night Roy and Marsha slip out they clothes , not take they eye off of each other . they walk to the center of the clear , embrace - CUT to : 329 . closer — roy and marsha — night Marsha kiss down Roy 's neck to he shoulder , then gently pull the bandage off . there be no mark leave on he shoulder . they sit on the ground and begin to make love , smooth and gleam in the moonlight - CUT to : 330 . roy 's back — night we see Marsha 's hand on Roy 's back , nail digging into he skin . she draw she hand across , scratch he . her hand go out of frame for a moment as Roy roll on top of she . when she hand slide onto he back again , it be sleek with hair , claw replace the nail - CUT to : 331 . marsha — night pin under Roy now , she lick he chest and shoulder where he be bandage , like a dog groom its mate - CUT to : 332 . cu roy — night look down on Marsha . his canine have begin to protrude , he eye reflect the moonlight like a night animal 's he stroke Marsha 's hair with a half - animal paw - CUT to : 333 . l.s. clearing — night two dark figure cling to each other at the center of it . there be a long howl as we fade to black . fade in : 334 . ext . beach — early morning a wave break on the sand , sandpiper hopping along . we hear howling from far off - CUT to : a335 . tape recorder — day the howling issue from it . we tilt up to see Terry as she click it off . she look at the ocean , think , then she turn to the pile of xerox picture in she lap - CUT to : b335 . picture — day a wolfish head , the portrait of Karen , another wolf - like figure as Terry shuffles through the picture - CUT to : c335 . terry — day run the tape forward to a clear stretch and pick up the mike to record - terry the howl of the wolf have haunt man through the century . tonight we be go to take you on a journey back in time . ( she sigh , click it off ) sound like Rod serling . she stand and turn to climb the slope up to the colony - CUT to : 336 . int . roy and karen 's cabin — day we hold on the empty live room for a moment , then Roy tiptoe in from outside . we follow he as he pad into the bedroom door , see that Karen be asleep , then go into the bathroom to look at he face in the mirror . he be scared , confuse . he come out and sit in a chair , put he head in he hand . roy ( quietly ) oh god. CUT to : 337 . omitted 338 . ext . hilltop — day Terry come up by a stand of tree , stop to look back down at the ocean - CUT to : 339 . terry — ocean — day we look at the ocean down below over Terry 's shoulder - CUT to : 340 . terry — day take in the view - react as something register - CUT to : 341 . seascape — terry 's Pov — day a view of the beach below , some rock formation - CUT to : 342 . terry — day mouth open with surprise as she make the connection - terry Eddie - CUT to : 343 . seascape — day frame now so it be identical to the picture find in Eddie 's apartment - CUT to : 344 . seascape picture a almost exact rendering . it be sign '' E. quist '' in the corner . CUT to : 345 . ext . hilltop — terry — day look at the picture in she hand - terry Eddie quist . she hurry off . CUT to : 346 . ext . hilltop — lurker 's Pov — day look through a few branch we see Terry hurry away . the furry , claw hand of the lurker appear and grasp a branch in the foreground - ominous music . CUT to : 347 . pathway — terry — day run along - CUT to : 348 . cu terry — day as she run - CUT to : 349 . clearing — day Terry come to a clear , stop , look off at something - CUT to : 350 . marsha 's cabin — terry 's Pov — day no activity visible - CUT to : 351 . cu terry — day look at the cabin , curious - CUT to : 352 . marsha 's cabin — closer — day we see that the front door be slightly ajar - a invitation to snoop - CUT to : 353 . terry — day we follow Terry as she approach the house - terry ( call ) hello ! anybody home ? there be no answer . Terry climb the porch step . she look at the game hang from the porch awning - CUT to : 354 . game — terry's Pov a rabbit , a couple of squirrel , a woodchuck , hang by they hind leg from a rafter - CUT to : 355 . terry — day reacting . she look at the open front door , take a deep breath , enter - CUT to : 356 . int . cabin — terry — day we follow she as she look around . she go from the live room to the kitchen through the hallway . on the wall in the hallway be a picture that Terry pass without notice . we hold on the picture , then track in to see that it be a portrait of Marsha draw in Eddie 's hand - ominous music - CUT to : 357 . kitchen — terry — day Terry poke around , the meat cleaver stick in the chopping block loom large in the foreground . she check the cabinet , the drawer , nothing unusual . she go back to the refrigerator . we notice a yellow smiley - face sticker on the refrigerator door . Terry open it , look in , gasp - CUT to : 358 . int . refrigerator — terry 's Pov — day in with the other normal food be a dead cat , stiffen in death and fleck with dry blood - CUT to : 359 . terry — day slam the door shut , turn and lean she back against it , freak out - she see something on the far wall - CUT to : 360 . photograph — terry 's Pov — day a photo tape to the wall of Marsha stand on the beach , one arm around t.c. , the other around Eddie - CUT to : 361 . cu terry — day reacting , there be a scratching noise , she turn to look - CUT to : 362 . back ( kitchen ) door — terry 's Pov — day something be scratching and growling on the other side of the door - CUT to : 363 . terry — day terrify , she look around , grab the meat cleaver . the scratch have become banging now - CUT to : 364 . back door — terry 's Pov vibrate as something pound it - CUT to : 365 . terry — day run into the next room and slam the door . we hear a crash as the outer door burst . something be now in Eddie 's room . CUT to : 366 . terry — day she back up , freeze , toward the window . as the door crack loudly and something burst through , Terry escape out the window , a seven - foot drop . CUT to : 367 . ground — terry — day landing hard . she look up , see something , scream , then grab the fall cleaver and roll under into a small wood shed next to the house . CUT to : 368 . woodshed — terry — day move back as far as she can , she come face to face with a spider in its web . she gasp and pound it down with the flat of the cleaver . she do not have much room to maneuver - ( woodsh axe ) CUT to : 369 . cu terry 's face — day terrify as she hear the deep snarling outside - CUT to : 370 . woodshed — terry — day listen , peer out think the rotted scrap of lattice that half - enclose the woodsh - crack ! a huge wolf paw smashes through the lattice - Terry scream - it slashes she shoulder - CUT to : 371 . cu terry 's face — day swipe again , claw she cheek - CUT to : 372 . pan — terry 's Pov — day long -finger like a human hand but cover in fur and end in long curve claw . it reach into the crawlspace , grop - CUT to : 373 . terry 's hand — day tightening on the cleaver - CUT to : 374 . terry — day the paw almost at she throat , she be back as far as she can go . the thing snarl as it grope . it get hold of she throat , squeeze - whack ! Terry chop at its wrist with the cleaver - it yelp in pain - whack ! whack ! she chop , sever the paw - the creature outside howl in pain - we hear it run off - CUT to : 375 . cu — terry — day panting in fear , she close she eye , try to get herself together - CUT to : 376 . ext . woodshed — day Terry look out warily , then slide out from under the porch . she stand , sill hold the cleaver , and look out - CUT to : 377 . clearing — terry 's Pov — day nothing move - CUT to : 378 . terry — day she turn to look down at the paw - CUT to : 379 . hand — day a bloody human hand lie on the ground by the crawlspace - there gasp , the cleaver fall beside it - CUT to : 380 . cu terry — day hand cover she face , horrify - CUT to : a381 . terry — day run through the wood CUT to : 381 . int . doc 's office — day Inside Doc 's colony Office , quiet , uninhabited . daylight splashes across the furniture as the door open . Terry poke she head in cautiously . she enter , look out to make sure no one be watch , then close the door behind she . she move across the room , dial the phone . busy signal . as she replace it on the hook , she notice Doc 's filing cabinet . she open the be second drawer , flip to the '' '' q '' section , lift out a manila folder — CUT to : 382 . file — terry's Pov — day the head on the medical chart she be hold be label '' quist , CUT to : Edward . '' 383 . cu terry — day reacting - terry Doc too - CUT to : 384 . int . office — terry — day Terry leave the file , pick up the phone , dial . as she hit the last digit , a huge form rise into frame behind she , its back to we . CUT to : a385 . terry — attacker 's Pov — day she turn , see , scream , as we leap on she , knock she backwards — CUT to : b385 . phone receiver — day the receiver bounce on the rug and we hold on it as Chris 's tape machine plays and we hear Terry 's scream and the attacker 's snap and snarl - CHRIS ( tape ) hi . this be Chris halloran - I be not in right now , but if you have like to leave a message for either I or for Terry , please wait till the beep and remember to leave you name and the time you call . thank you - a gout of blood splashes on the rug by the phone - CUT to : 386 . int . bedroom — cu karen — day ( intercut with attack ) sleep , start to twitch - CUT to : 387 . dream flash — porno scene — night the dream be start , we see the bound woman , hear echoing voice - donna ( v.0 . ) ( soft and eerie ) Karen - CUT to : 388 . dream flash — hand — night feed the quarter into the slot - doc ( v.0 . ) ( echoing ) Karen - CUT to : 389 . dream flash — ecu mouth — night Eddie 's mouth as he whisper into she ear - donna ( v.0 . ) ( gently ) turn around , Karen - CUT to : 390 . dream flash — karen — night turn to face Eddie in slow motion - doc ( v.0 . ) turn around and see - CUT to : 391 . dream flash — eye -= night wolflike , shine in the dark as they stare at Karen - donna ( v.0 . ) - and see , and see , and see - CUT to : 392 . dream flash — roy — night a almost subliminal flash of Roy in the booth , smile eerily in the darkness - CUT to : 393 . karen — day wake with a gasp . she sit up in bed , sweaty . from the window light it seem to be late in the day - karen ( call ) Roy ? roy ( off ) I be in the bathroom . karen I have a dream again . roy ( off ) you have be asleep all day . Karen get up , rub she eye . we follow she as she walk toward the bathroom - karen I think you be in it - Karen reach the bathroom door , look in - Roy be at the mirror rebandaging he shoulder . his back be cover with lovemake scratch - CUT to : 394 . cu karen — day reacting - karen where have you get that scratch ? CUT to : 395 . int . bedroom — roy and karen — day roy ( surprised ) huh ? karen on you back . roy ( cover ) oh - they must be from the other night , when I get bitten - karen they be not there the other night . roy listen , do not start turn you fantasy onto I - karen you have be with she , have not you ? that Marsha - roy it 's all a big conspiracy as far as you be concerned - everybody 's out to get poor little Karen - karen dammit , Roy , I need you roy you be paranoid , Karen , you be sick - karen you do not have one inch of backbone , do you ? she wander past you like a bitch in heat and you - smack ! Roy lash out and hit she , knock she against the wall , he face twisted with anger . Karen be stunne at first , then tear come as she stare at Roy and realize what happen - she take a piece of toilet paper from the roll to stop the bleed from she nose . karen ( quietly ) I be go over to Doc 's and call Chris . he will come up and get Terry and I . you can do whatever you want . roy you do not know what it 's like for I - karen I do not want to know . CUT to : 396 . ext . pathway — karen — night head toward Doc 's place , determine - CUT to : 397 . int . doc 's office — night as Karen knock from outside - karen ( off ) Doc ? Doc ? Karen open the door , look in - CUT to : 398 . office — karen 's Pov — night nothing out of order - CUT to : 399 . karen — night she enter , go to the phone , pick up the receiver - stop . she hear a dripping come from the next room - she move to see what it be - CUT to : 400 . examination room floor — puddle — night a puddle of blood on the examination room floor , blood drip slowly onto it from above - CUT to : 401 . karen — night at the door to the examination room , look in horror - CUT to : 402 . examination table — terry — night Terry lie half - cover by a sheet on the exam table , throat bloody , eye open and stare , blood run down a arm that hang off the table - Karen enter , cover 's Terry 's face , and tuck she arm under the sheet . she turn , tremble , and we follow she out to the phone . she lift the receiver - the phone be dead . she put the receiver down , think a moment . we follow she back to the exam room . she look at the body on the table - CUT to : 403 . body — karen 's Pov — night motionless under the sheet , then pounch ! a screech of music as eddie leap up from under the sheet to grab Karen - CUT to : 404 . int . exam room — night Eddie hang on to Karen , they crash backwards and Karen twist as they hit the floor . Karen scramble under the exam table to escape he - CUT to : 405 . karen — night under the table , crawl to the rear of the room , scream as she run into Terry 's body , crumpled against the back wall . she stand - CUT to : a406 . int . exam room — night Karen face Eddie , the exam table between they . Eddie smile - eddie hello , Karen - CUT to : b406 . cu karen - night horrify - CUT to : c406 . dream flash — porno scene — night the bound woman thrashing - CUT to : d406 . eddie — night smile - eddie I be glad you come - CUT to : e406 . karen — night karen no - CUT to : f406 . dream flash — coin — night go into the slot in the booth - CUT to : g406 . eddie — night eddie you say on the phone that you want to get to know I - CUT to : h406 . dream flash — karen — night Karen in the booth , turn slowly to see - CUT to : 1406 . karen — night stare at Eddie - karen but I see you die . CUT to : 407 . eddie — night eddie here I be , Karen . look at I . stand with he back to a close door , werewolf . CUT to : Eddie snarl and turn into a 408 . karen — night horrify . she grab the nearest thing to she , a jar of some kind of liquid sit on the back shelf among Doc 's medicine and tongue depressor - CUT to : 409 . eddie — night finish turn into the creature . he move toward Karen - CUT to : 410 . karen — night hurl liquid from the jar at Eddie - CUT to : 411 . eddie — night try to duck - most of the liquid hit the door , sizzling , but a bit of the acid hit he on the arm - he scream , then snarl and move around the table toward Karen - CUT to : 412 . karen — night counter around the table - karen stay away - I ’1l1 burn you - Eddie make a move , Karen slashes the acid - CUT to : 413 . eddie — night catch in the face , he scream , then leap , crashing out the window - CUT to : 414 . karen — night reacting . she put the jar down , look over to Terry - CUT to : 415 . int . apartment — CHRIS — night Chris sit work on some copy as he listen to he tape machine play back the day 's call . a man 's voice be on the machine - voice ( tape ) - to get that footage from the archive people . anyhow , give I a call when you know for sure . talk to you later . there be some clicking and bleeping as the next call come up . Terry 's scream and the snarling of the attacker be hear - terry ( tape ) Chris ! the werewolve ! they be real ! ( terry : Chris ! they be real ! they be real ! ) more scream and snarling , Chris listen , click the machine off when it end . he reach for the phone - CUT to : 416 . ext . pathway — karen — night run - CUT to : 417 . int . sheriff 's office — night Sam on the phone - SAM you do that - no , do not bother - I ’1l1 call the State boy and we will meet you at the center - do not worry , Mr. halloran , I be sure she 's okay - CUT to : 418 . ext . pathway — karen — night run . she come to a split in the pathway , start down one of the fork , then freeze as she hear a deep growl from up ahead . she back up , run down the other fork - howling begin in the wood around she - CUT to : 419 . int . occult store — night Chris be tear out of the store with a box of cartridge as denny trail he - denny that be real silver , buddy , I gotta call in to the jeweler before I can price ’em - CHRIS Bill I . Chris slam out the door . we hold on denny , watch he - denny crazy fuck . CUT to : 420 . omitted 421 . omitted 422 . omitted 423 . ext . cabin — karen — night run up the porch step , enter - — CUT to : 424 . int . cabin — night Karen run in - Roy be go . we follow she into the bedroom where she grab a set of car key from the dresser top - CUT to : 425 . ext . san diego freeway — night Chris 's sport car , northbound , hopping lane - CUT to : 426 . int . car — CHRIS — night he face set with determination , a bolt-action rifle on the seat beside he as he speed past the northbound traffic - CUT to : 427 . ext . parking lot — karen — night run out into the lot from a path , breathless . she go to Roy 's car , open it , get in - CUT to : 428 . int . car — karen — night put the key in the ignition , turn it - nothing - karen oh , please - there be a knock on the outside : Karen whirl , gasp - CUT to : 429 . ext . car — night Charlie stand hold the distributor head . Jerry be next to he , a rifle levele at Karen - charlie you come on out of there , miss . we be waitin’ on you . CUT to : 430 . ext . highway — car — night Chris 's car speed along on 101 north now , the ocean on the west . CUT to : 431 . int . car — CHRIS — night Chris flick the button on he answer machine on the seat next to he . Terry 's scream be hear - CUT to : 432 . cu — CHRIS — night reacting . terry ( tape ) Chris ! the werewolve ! they be real ! CUT to : 433 . ext . CENTER — night Charlie open the door to the barn-like structure for Karen , Jerry stand behind with he rifle - Karen step in , terrify - CUT to : 434 . int . CENTER — night Karen step in . lantern -lit , the place be fill with lycanthropic object - d’art , suggestive of a witch coven . something nasty hang from the rafter . a large wolf totem loom over all . CUT to : 435 . all — karen 's Pov — night most of the colony member stand watch she - Doc look upset and dishevel - erle take some persuade , do she ? CUT to : 436 . karen — night scared and confuse - karen Doc ? what 's happen ? what be this ? CUT to : 437 . int . CENTER — night Doc 's demeanor be change , he 's struggle to stay in control of the group . doc I be afraid it 's the end of a very promise experiment . jerry it be a mistake to bring she to the colony . doc I have to find if she see Eddie change in the booth . if we could have make she one of we ... karen Eddie - ? erle we should have stick with the old way ! raisin 's cattle for out feed - where 's the life in that ? charlie the human be out cattle - erle the human be we prey ! we should feed on they , like we always do . screw all this '' channel you energy '' crap ! doc but the danger of exposure - we need this shelter - to plan , to catch up with society . Times have change , and we have not . not enough . marsha ( step forward ) shut up , Doc . you would not listen to I , none of you ! we can fit in , you say , we can live with they - you make I sick . doc Marsha - marsha you be through , Doc . she 's ours now . CUT to : 438 . gas pump — night the meter tally up the amount pump - CUT to : 439 . ext . gas station — night Chris gassing he car at a self - service place - CHRIS come on , come on - he decide he have enough , drop the pump , twist he gas cap on , jump in , and speed off without pay - CUT to : 440 . int . CENTER — karen — night try to keep herself together - karen where 's Roy ? what have you do to he ? CUT to : 441 . int . CENTER — night marsha ( grin evilly ) he 's one of we now . karen no. doc give the time he would have bring you over to we . we secret would be safe - donna it 's wonderful , Karen . when I be bitten , I fight against it . so do Jerry . then we find Doc . he help we , Karen . he help we adjust . he 's help so many of we . he understand the gift , how to control it , to use it . doc you could still have Roy back , Karen . karen no . never - doc there 's still time . if you can accept the gift - marsha she can never become one of we . after what she do to my brother - CUT to : 442 . karen — night bolt for the door , get past Jerry , then scream as t.c. block she way - CUT to : 443 . t.c. — night push she back into the room with he slightly heal wrist- stump - t.c. see what you friend do to I ? be that nice ? Karen back away from he , bump into someone , turn , gasp - it be Jerry , he face contort - jerry we be gonna take we time with you , Karen . CUT to : 444 . int . CENTER — night marsha tear she to piece - doc what 's the matter with all of you ? have you forget everything we have learn ? she can not disappear , she 's famous , they 's 1l find out - marsha I want she dead ! charlie he 's right , Marsha . we have to make it look like a accident . the other one too - doc I can not let you do this - Marsha lash out with she nail - rip ! scratch across Doc 's face - whump ! Jerry knock the wind out of he with a riffle butt to the belly . Doc fall to he knee - erle you can not tame what 's mean to be wild , doc . it be not natural . CUT to : 445-449 , omitted 450 . ext . parking lot — night Chris 's car screech into the colony lot . Chris leap out leave the headlight on , and run for the center - CUT to : a450 . int . doc 's office — night Chris rush into the room . CHRIS Doc ! Karen ! with he gun , he stop short - the room be spatter in blood . as he register shock and surprise he hear the howling . he rush away . CUT to : 451 . int . CENTER — night Charlie and Marsha seem to be in control of the other now - Jerry and t.c. each have hold of one of Karen 's arm . Jerry still have he a two - gallon gasoline can - charlie you put she and she friend there in the car , pour gas over up , and push they off the coast road - marsha Roy will help we with the police and the newspeople - doc you ' cant go on kill people , Marsha - marsha you shut up ! you two , get a move on - CUT to : 452 . ext . CENTER — CHRIS — night rifle , t.c. have they , light they run up the pathway . he stop when he see t.c. and Jerry rush out the front door with Karen - CUT to : 453 . cu karen — night see he - karen Chris ! run ! they 'il kill you ! CUT to : 454 . cu CHRIS — night shocked as he see - CHRIS Karen ! CUT to : a455 . cu marsha — night she snarl , canine turn to fang - CUT to : b455 . cu t.c. — night snarling , step forward at Chris - t.c. you see what you girl friend do to I ? she cut my hand off ! CUT to : c455 . CHRIS — night freeze in terror - CHRIS do not come any closer - CUT to : d455 . t.c. — night smile , keep come - t.c. that gun will not do you any good , mister - t.c. begin to turn into a werewolf as he come at Chris - CUT to : 456 . ext . CENTER — night Chris reflexively snap he gun up - blam ! CUT to : 457 . t.c. — night be catch in the throat with the blast ; he tumble back backwards , choke . he lie still , dead - CUT to : 458 . doorway — colony member — night the other crowd outside now , look at t.c. 's body . there be a rumbling growl from several of they , they look up at Chris with hatred , canine bare - CUT to : 459 . CHRIS — night horrify - CHRIS my God , it 's all of you - CUT to : 460 . marsha — CHRIS 's Pov — night start to turn , snarling . CUT to : 461 . ext . CENTER — night Chris bring he gun up again - CHRIS I have get silver bullet in this - Jerry laugh , let go of Karen to raise he gun - jerry Silver bullet , my ass - get up , t.c.! blam ! Chris fire , hit Jerry in the chest ; he fall back , dead - doc ( surprised ) they be real . they be real . CHRIS ( warning ) stay back , Doc - doc ( come at he ) no . I can not do it they way - I try to fight it - it 's too strong - CHRIS stay back - doc no . i’1l make you , I 'il make you - blam ! Chris fire into Doc 's belly almost point-blank , sit he down . Doc clutches he belly - doc it 's over . thank God , it 's over - the other back into the Center barn , snarling , and close the door as Chris threaten they with the rifle , work the bolt to ready another shot - Karen run into he - CHRIS where 's Terry ? karen they kill she . oh , Chris - CHRIS what about Roy ? karen I do not know , he 's go - CHRIS be there another way out of this place ? karen no , that 's the only door . Chris hand she the rifle , grab the gas can - CHRIS you shoot anything that move . Chris bar the front door with Jerry 's rifle , then begin to slosh gasoline from the can onto the barn - CUT to : 462 . doc — night roll on the ground as he hover between life and death - doc it hurt . oh God , it hurt - CUT to : 463 . cu karen — night look at Doc . there be a snarl from above - she look up - CUT to : 464 . loft window — marsha — karen 's Pov — night Marsha look down from a second - story window that she 's open , snarl down at Karen - CUT to : 465 . ext . CENTER — night we look over Karen 's shoulder at Marsha as Karen raise the rifle to fire - Marsha duck out of sight - CUT to : 466 . CHRIS — night toss the can away . he strike a match , touch it to the barn - whoosh ! Chris jump away as a sheet of flame spread across the front of the barn - he turn to Karen , see something - CHRIS Karen ! behind you ! CUT to : 467 . karen — night whirl to see a werewolf in mid-leap come at she - blam ! the creature 's momentum carry it into Karen , knock she back - she roll away , stand over the lifeless body - CUT to : 468 . CHRIS — night look down at the body - CUT to : 469 . body — night turn into Paul naschy as it lie there . a chorus of begin in the burn center - CUT to : 470 . CENTER build — night burn , the howling frantic from inside - CUT to : 471 . ext . CENTER — CHRIS and karen — night CHRIS let 's go ! they start away - CUT to : 472 . CENTER door frighten howl flame popping , the rifle - bar strain as the creature inside try to force it open - howling inside - CUT to : 473 . pathway — CHRIS and karen — night run . there be a howling from the wood around they - not all the creature be in the center - CUT to : 474 . CENTER — board — night frame crack , the creature inside try to push the board of the building out to escape . a claw hand appear at a crack , push frantically . there be die scream mix with the howling now - CUT to : 475 . cu claw — night a furry hand stick out of a small burnt hole in the corner wall , reach for freedom - CUT to : 476 . l.s. CENTER — night two figure , both in flame , jump from the second floor window . one lie still , burn , while the other roll the flame out and scamper into the wood - CUT to : 477 . parking lot — night Chris and Karen run to Chris 's car , its light still on , get in . the car start , back up to turn around - CUT to : 478 . int . car — night Karen scream as Eddie , half man , half beast , leap onto the hood and begin to smash the front window in , snarling - CHRIS shoot it ! CUT to : 479 . karen struggle to work the bolt in the crowded quarter - CUT to : 480 . int . windshield — night smash ! a huge paw shatter through the glass - CUT to : 481 . ext . parking lot — car — night the car back into a park car as Chris try to shake the creature off - CUT to : 482 . int . car — night the creature have its arm through the glass , have Chris 's throat in its hand - blam ! Glass shatter as Karen blast it - CUT to : 483 . cu karen — night look in horror at what she 's do - CUT to : 484 . int . car — night Chris swing the car around sharply and the thing , now fully recognizable as Eddie - slide off the hood with a tinkling of glass - CUT to : 485 . ext . CENTER — night burn all over now , the half -human , half - animal cry of the creature catch inside pierce the night . CUT to : 486 . doc — night fully human now , lie on he back , eye freeze open in death , hand clutching he middle . the firelight flicker over he - CUT to : 487 . ext . cat — night hurtle down a country road - CUT to : 488 . int . car — night wind come through the shattered windshield . karen how do you know about they ? CHRIS Terry call . right when they - he do not go on . the blue flasher of a police car appear ahead - karen thank God , it 's the police - CUT to : 489 . ext . road — night Sam stand in front of he sheriff 's car which be pull sideways block the road , the flash strobing . he bring a pump-action shotgun to he shoulder - CUT to : 490 . cu SAM — night snarling as he aim , show a enlarge canine - CUT to : 491 . int . car — night the two see Sam draw a bead on they - CHRIS duck ! CUT to : 492 . ext . windshield — night boom ! most of the remain glass be knock out by the blast , Chris and Karen ducking just in time - CUT to : 493 . SAM — night take aim again - CUT to : 494 , ext . car — night boom ! the driver side headlight be blow and the tire beside it hiss flat - the car be riddle with bullet . smoke begin to pour out . CUT to : 495 . int . car — night keeping they head below the window line , Chris take the rifle from Karen , push the door handle - CUT to : 496 . ext . road — night Chris roll out of the door - blam ! Sam be hit , stagger - blam ! he go down . there be a howling from close by . Chris run back toward the car , grab Karen , and they run toward the police car . CUT to : 497 . ext . road — night Chris 's car explode . CUT to : 498 . ext . cop car — night Chris and Karen pile into the cop car . CUT to : a498 . int . cop car — night Karen slam she door as whump ! a creature leap against the windshield , crack the glass . she work the bolt on the rifle . CUT to : 499 . int . car — night whump ! whump ! there be a creature on each side of the car now , leaping against the window , try to bust in - CUT to : 500 . cu karen — night see one , move - CUT to : 501 . int . car — window — night blam ! a creature be blow away from the passenger side window , glass shatter - CUT to : 502 . karen — night swinging the gun around as Chris try to start the car . CUT to : 503 . int . car — windshield — night blam ! a creature be blow off the hood as it try to crawl through the shattered windshield - CUT to : 504 . ext . road — car — night Chris get the car move . CUT to : 505 . int . car — karen — night work the bolt of the gun - smash ! the glass of the rear window shatter , a hairy paw clamp Karen 's shoulder from behind - CUT to : 506 . cu karen — night scream , turn she head - CUT to : 507 . rear window creature — karen 's Pov — night its body half in through the shattered rear window , fang bare , it snap - CUT to : 508 . int . car — karen and creature — night Karen scream as the creature sink its tooth into she neck and shoulder . she jerk the rifle back by she ear , push with she thumb - blam ! the creature 's head snap back , it slump on Karen - CUT to : 509 . ext . road — car — night car careen off the country road and onto the main highway - CUT to : 510 . int . car — hand — night the beast 's hand on Karen 's shoulder turn human - CUT to : 511 . cu karen — night turn to look , gasp - CUT to : 512 . roy — karen 's Pov — night the creature have turn back into Roy , sprawle on the back bloody - CUT to : 513 . cu karen — night reacting . CUT to : 514 . int . car — night Chris stop the car , look to Karen . he touch the bite on CHRIS seat , he head she shoulder - be you okay ? karen ( look at wound ) Roy be bitten . that 's what turn he into that thing . CHRIS Karen - nobody 's go to believe this . karen we have get to warn people , Chris - we have get to make they believe - CUT to : 515 . int . tv studio — news set — night lew lander sit at he desk face the camera , copy in hand , wait - CUT to : 516 . floor manager — night cue he to start . CUT to : 517 . tv monitor screen — lew — night sincere and concerned . lew good evening . more word on that fire that 's burn out of control up the coast tonight - CUT to : 518 . int . control — night lew on the line monitor , Fred Francis , the director and the switcher watch - director preset one , on the line ! preset footage of raging forest fire flick onto the live monitor - lew ( speaker ) - firefighter have discover that the blaze seem to have start at the sunrise colony - director now preset two - a still picture of Doc be switch to the line monitor - lew ( speaker ) - the experimental live community found by kirq 's Dr. George waggner - CUT to : 519 . int . dressing room — night Fran put the last touch of makeup on Karen as Chris look on somberly - fran I be a artist . look at that face - not a single scratch show . CHRIS I be not sure I can do this , Karen . karen you have to . people will not believe - promise I you 'il go through with it ? CHRIS ( sigh ) okay . i’1l try . CUT to : 520 . int . control booth — fred francis — night the station manager be nervous - francis she show the first sign of freezing like the last time and you cut to the worthington Ford ad - he turn as Chris enter the booth - CHRIS she 's ready . CUT to : 521 . tv monitor screen — lew — night lew - burn beyond recognition , and the death toll at the colony have yet to be determine . now for a exclusive eyewitness report on the incident , we welcome action News reporter Karen West - Karen ? CUT to : 522 . int . studio — news set — night we look over a cameraman 's shoulder as he shoot Karen at she desk . the red ' on air 's light blink to life on the camera - CUT to : 523 . closer — karen — night very compose , serene , look right at we - karen from the day we be bear there be a battle we must fight - a struggle between what be kind and peaceful in we nature and what be cruel and violent - CUT to : 524 . int . control booth — night francis what be this , a editorial ? CUT to : 525 . tv screen — karen — night a color set with a red-tinged picture - Karen ( tv ) - there be that among we who have give up that struggle - CUT to : 526 . int . roadside tavern — night a trucker 's bar and grill . the boy at the counter look up idly at the screen . karen ( tv ) - who have already give in to the darkest side of themselves . patron when 's the laker 's game come on ? CUT to : 527 . int . studio — karen — night speak calmly . lander be visible at he end of the news desk , grow worried - karen - on the coast of California , just above Santa Barbara . but that be not the only place . they be neither people nor wolf , but monstrous hybrid . if we allow they to , they 'il prey on the rest of we , they 's 1l keep we live in fear . I know what you be think , because I have be where you be and it 's impossible to imagine . but I have proof . tonight I be go to show you something ... CUT to : 528 . int . control booth — night the man watch the monitor - karen ( speaker ) - something to make you believe the unbelievable . francis I know it . she 's still cracker . karen ( speaker ) please - do not give in , do not ever give up that struggle . francis okay , that 's enough - director Jesus , Fred , look - CUT to : 529 . francis — night amaze by what he see . we notice Chris slip back into the booth , rifle in hand . the other be too engage with what 's happen on the floor to see he - CUT to : 530 . cu CHRIS — night grim , half - watch the man , half - watch Karen through the glass . CUT to : 531 . cu camera operator — night shocked , but still look through he camera- operator Holly shit - CUT to : 532 . int . live room — kide — night a little boy and girl watch tv in the dark , eye wide , face light by the screen - boy wow ! mother ( off ) what be you kid watch ? girl the newslady be turn into a werewolf . mother ( off ) the trash they put on this day . CUT to : 533 . int . room — night a young couple sit on a couch , the man leaf through tv guide , confuse - man what 's this thing call ? woman I do not know but it 's gross . CUT to : 534 . int . liquor store — cashier — night a bored cashier watch a tiny tv set on top of he register . a voice call from off - voice ( off ) que pasa ? cashier ( call ) La mujer cambia a un lobo . CUT to : a535 . int . occult shop denny ( on phone ) hello , Joe ? I think you better sell I six more pound of wolfbane - as a matter of fact you better make it ten ... 535 . int . control room — CHRIS — night be hold he rifle on the other occupant - CHRIS do not touch a thing . wait till she 's finish . just watch and remember - CUT to : 536 . studio floor — lew — night back away from the desk , terrify . there be a snarling from the direction he stare at - lew oh no - oh no - CUT to : 537 . ext . control booth — CHRIS — night step out of the booth , aim he rifle - CUT to : 538 . cu karen — night fully transformed . Karen 's eye , the only human thing leave on she face , look to Chris in anguish - CUT to : 539 . cu CHRIS — night nod grimly . CUT to : 540 . rifle steady - blam ! blam ! blam ! CUT to : 541 . omitted 542 . int . control booth — francis — night horrify - francis switch , dammit , switch ! CUT to : 543 . tv screen — tavern — night the red-tinged screen . Cal worthington pull a huge polar bear on a leash - girl 's voice ( tv ) here 's Cal worthington and he dog Spot ! cal ( tv ) howdy neighbor ! CUT to : 544 . int . tavern — patron — night still puzzle over the news show . we track past the man sit at the counter as they chew it over , Cal worthington hustling use car in the background - bonning the thing they do with special effect this day - you see that one , they be on the space ship there - ellis it be real . the lady turn into a werewolf and they shot she . bonning you be plaster . ellis that do not mean it be not real . blass hey Ernie , put a pepper steak on for I , alright ? and a hamburger for the lady . ernie ( off ) how do you want that ? blass turn to the woman on the stool next to he , she back to we . blass how do you want it , honey ? the woman slowly swivel toward we - Marsha . she smile - marsha rare . CUT to : 545 . ext . sky — moon — night a ghostly moon shine through a wisp of cloud as we hear the long and eerie howl of a wolf - end a screenplay by John sayle ( base on '' the howling '' , a novel by Gary brandner ) . transcription by Daniel bento , June 2001 .