the devil be own revised script - JANUARY 31 , 1996 ( reformatted ) pink revision - date 2/1596 yellow revision - date 2/20/96 GREEN revision - date 2/2196 goldenrod revision - date 2/23/96 buff revision - date 2/27/96 ~ cherryrevision - date 3/4/96 tan revision - date 3/2996 2nd blue rev - 4/296 2nd pink rev - 4896 2nd yellow rev-4/4/96 2nd GREEN rev-4/9/96 2nd goldenrod rev - 4/9/96 2nd buff rev - 4/11/96 2nd salmon - 4/12/96 " the devil own " : , 1. goldenrod revision date : 22296 fade in ext . irish sea - day a small boat in the ocean on a beautiful sunny day . there be a intensity about the light , the image , that have the emotional power of memory . a strong attractive man in he thirty be at the tiller . next to he sit a eight year old boy , he son . in the background , like a mirage , we see the misty green coast of northern Ireland . screen card : northern ireland , 1973 . close shot - father and son - day the boy look up , he large blue eye look into he father 's . the father smile down lovingly at he son . he take he son 's hand and put it on the tiller . the boy beam with delight . close up - the boy' hand on the tiller as the father 's hand hover over it protectively . . int . dine room of a middle CLASS house northern ireland - day the father , in vest and tie , be seat at the head of the table . the mother and two girl bring bowl of food from the kitchen . the eight - year - old boy , seat on the other end , next to a 4 year old sister , tuck he napkin into he shirt , imitate he father . : from off screen a radio broadcast the news . radio ( oc ) .. clashes between Catholic and Protestant in Northern ireland . Three thousand Republican supporter defy the government ban as they try to march the seven mile from belfast down the M1 motor way to the prison camp of Long kesh , in a protest against internment ... ( continued ) " the devil own " 2 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2286 continued : ~ they sudden attention be to a knock on the door . the boy run through the short hallway at the front door and open it . all from the boy' Pov : a man be hand raise in front of he face to a wool skullcap . the hand pull down on the '' cap . '' it 's a ski mask that cover the man 's face . radio ( cont . ) ' there be almost a serious mistake in the Falls Road area when a army patrol be ambush by child who have be give realistic look toy gun and uniform for Christmas . he push past the boy and stride fast to the dining room doorway . the boy hurry after and reach the stride man 's side . look into the room along the man 's arm , which be now hold a machine pistol . the father 's eye go wide with surprise rather than terror ... the gun , directly in front of the boy , suddenly open fire blasting the father backward off he chair . angle on the boy he rush over to he little sister and try to stand protectively between she and the horror . . close on his pale blue eye . lead in from young boy blue eye . screen card . northern ireland - 1993 ext . belfast - day close on : same blue eye two decade later , focused , careful . it be frankie study the road ahead . the camera pull back to reveal ( continued ) " the devil own " 3 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 continued : a belfast road , upscale house . a van park outside a big house , the sign read mcauley Builders . int . van - day frankie , dress in blue boiler suit tap the partition then turn to the driver sean , a wiry little guy . rory move around back , keep you eye open . alright ? sean no problem , frankie . ext . van - day rear of the van . the door open , three more man , dessie , Joe and gerard get out carry bucket roll of roofing feel , bag . the van take off . mysterious p.o.v. of van as the ira men approach the house they be be watched through binoculars . int . belfast house - day a upstairs room . the team go about set up a ambush . frankie roll out the roof feel to reveal a m60 machine gun . the other pull automatic rifle form various bag . Joe study the road . gerard where 's the bloody convoy ? joe five minute . frankie cover the back , Joe . dessie you hit the truck with the m60 . we will spray the armored car . frankie place the m60 's tripod on a table , he look out the window . ( continued ) of " the devil own " : 4 , goldenrod revision date : 22296 , continued : frankie ( suspicious ) there 's no traffic ? frankie 's p.o.v. the street have become suddenly quiet , another van have appear across the street . : . frankie we have be set up . frankie 's p.o.v . - two high speed civilian car come roaring from opposite direction along the road . : gerard sas ! frankie grab the m60 . ext . rear house -day Sean see a sas car roar along the alley , he throw the van into reverse , smoke the tire back out onto a main street , spin the van , take off as gunfire tiddy the side of the van . int . hallway house - day the team barrel down the stair to the sound of car brake screeching , then gunfire from the rear . dessie hold it ! frankie let 's go , out the front . dessie no , no wait . frankie fuck wait . frankie do not wait , he charge the door , he and Joe be out follow by dessie and gerard . 14 13 " the devil own " : 5 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 ext . belfast house - day 9 as the ira break out into the Garden , eight sas man be tumble out of the two car . the lead sas man be already in the garden . the sas man and frankie open fire at the same time , they be fifteen foot from each other - wild close quarter firefight . the sas man be hit before he can properly raise he weapon . the Garden turn into a battleground , the . sas fire to cover one of they man as he drag the dead sas leader back . frankie , dessie , and Joe fire to cover they retreat into the house . int . belfast house - day . 10 heavy gunfire from the rear of the house , frankie fire burst out the door as the sound of helicopter and armored car approach fill the air . int . belfast house - day , cr frankie , and dessie on the floor beneath the front room window . the room have be shot to bit . now a deathly silence , break by a voice . priest voice lad , lad , in the name of God , talk to I . ext . house - day . 12 a lone priest stand in the garden wave a white handkerchief , behind he , on the road , a ring of armored vehicle , truck , and jeep - score of soldier . priest it 's useless lad . Close up on frankie 's eye , accept the inevitable . int . interrogation room - night 13 pull back on that eye as they anticipate something they do not want to see . wham ! a meaty fist come into frame ( continued ) 13 14 " the devil own " . , 6 . - goldenrod revision date : 2/2286 continued :' and smashes into the Young man 's face . wide shot to reveal the big , cold - as-ice british interrogator . a stark room in which we Young man be strapped into a chair . on the table in front of he be a single sheet of paper . a typewritten confession . . with he left-hand the interrogator hold out a pen , while he look up and study : a large wall clock with a sweep second hand . that 's what the pair of blue eye have be watch a few moment earlier . both man watch it now as the second hand approach the 30 second mark . through everything they never make eye contact the interrogator slowly ... almost tiredly ... pivot he weight into position . the Young man hold he breath . precisely when the second hand touch 30 , wham ! the back to the clock , wait for it to hit the zero mark , leave hand extend the pen . we sense be that this could go on forever . wham ! a tiny trickle of biood work its way out of the Young man 's ear . the interrogator ever so gently use he pinkie to lift some blood ... examine it ... impassively and very gently wipe it on the Young man 's shirtfront , then back to the clock ... again the pen extend . still no eye contact . wham ! across the room , m15 man watch . ext . prison - day ( continued ) 14 14 15 16 17 18 19 " the devil own " . . 7 . goldenrod revision date : 222r6 continued : '' ( crumlin Road ) prison courtyard - the m60 team - frankie , dessie , Joe and gerard , be handcuff together . they be surround by ten screw . a screw bang on a steel door . . screw four on for the tunnel . the steel door open . as the prisoner and escort be lead in , CUT to : mystery p.o.v. from the cell above the courtyard , watch the prisoner be lead into the tunnel ! entrance . CUT to : ext . crumlin road - day a van be park on the side of the road . the Driver and passenger watch out through the windscreen . the passenger be martin . ext . van - day Martin 's p.o.v. of the prison , a victorian monolith . on the top floor , the bar window of the cell . from one window a mirror flash ( or towel wave ) . int . van - day Martin hit a stop watch . martin go. the van take off . int . tunnel - day the cortege of prisoner and screw wait at a gate that lead to a long tunnel . ( continued ) 14 15 16 17 18 19 19 20 21 22 23 24 " the devil own " 8 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 continued : - : : 19 screw four on for court . the gate open . the man be lead in . frankie be first . his look be focus . ( he be count second , silently ) . int . van - day , 20 Martin be in the back of the van . a large circle have be cut in the floor . the wail and the back door of the van have be reinforce with plate steel . ( itis a makeshift armored car ) . several rope hang from a reinforce crossbeam . a ira man mold a charge of semtex explosive into a cone . Martin check he stop watch . ext . van - day 21 Van Driver 's p.o.v . the van approach a stretch of road between the old jail and the courthouse . Close on Driver 's p.o.v. ; a manhole in the middle of the road . int . tunnel - day 22 in the middle of the tunnel , a shaft of light from a grid where the manhole let in air . as the prisoner approach the light , frankie bend to tie he shoe . the other , include dessie be handcuff together . they be halt . . * several screw move ahead . other screw stop with dessie , frankie etc . ext . road - day 23 the van have stall over the manhole . / int . van - day . 24 the ira man place the semtex charge on the manhole . 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 " the devil own " 9 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 ext . road - day the van horn sound loudly as it speed forward twenty foot . int . tunnel - day the faint sound of the horn , the four prisoner suddenly crouch into the fetal _ position as : . : a explosion blow the manhole cover and grid down on top of the lead screw . Dust , smoke , metal , everywhere . ext . road - day the van reverse back over the gape hole in the road . int . tunnel - day rope ladder , cutter and hand gun drop down among the badly injure screw . in the pandemonium Joe have a pistol , frankie cut the handcutis with boltcutter . dessie be on a rope ladder . gerard point a pistol at several stunne screw , as : the gate open further down the tunnel . gerard open fire at approach screw . int . van - day Joe and frankie have clammere into the inside of the truck where , Martin have open fire out the back door at the sentry in the jail pillbox . dessie clammer up into the van . int . tunnel - day gerard be on the ladder , a screw have grab onto he leg , he turn to fi ire at the screw . click , the gun.has jamme . another screw grab he . int . van - day ( continued ) 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 34 32 ° 33 34 35 36 37 " the devil own " oo 10 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 : continued : * : . 34 frankie desperately try to pull gerard up . frankie . . * hold on gerard ! * a tug of war between frankie and the screw . ext . road - day 's 32 more brit appear , fire on the van . int . van - day 33 martin , go . we have to go ! close on : int . tunnel - day . . 34 frankie as he watch gerard fall back into the tunnel , as screw pile on top of he . frankie no! no ! : int . van - day 35 the van roar off , frankie pound he hand on the floor in tage . his eye fill with . tear . . ext . boat costa rica - day 36 a deep sea fishing trip off the costa rican coast ; several Americans - Texan footballer ture bus . exec on a charter , they have have a good day . they chug beer give high fives as frankie ( the fishing boat mate ) throw the last of the 50 ib tuna into the vast cooler . Frank move efficiently past they , clean blood from the deck , then lift tackle . int . cabin - day 37 he move into the cabin , put away tackle , the ship clock sound five bell . ( continued ) 37 38 39 40 " the devil own " 11 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 continued : ~ 37 frankie stop what he 's 's do , move to a radio , throw a switch , tune a dial . from the radio the chime of Big Ben . radio , this be World service of the BBC broadcasting for London . the news at midnight .... in the Sudan the U.N. come under heavy fire . in Northern Ireland continue rumor of a possible cease-fire ... a loud voice through the door , the lead footballer / fisherman call out . ext . cabin - day 38 fisherman hey , mate ... hey irish . four more . the fisherman squeeze he empty can . '' frankie open a cooler , toss out four beer . the leader miss he , it hit the deck . he bend to get it as the boat rock in the swell . frankie get to he , manage to steady he before he fall , go after the beer , retrieve it , give it to the leader . int . cabin - day 39 Frank re-enter . newscaster voice be on the radio . radio in parliament the prime minister continue to deny report of secret contact with the ira while in belfast the ira issue a statement say there could be no more peace without a just settlement . . ext . village - day . . 40 frankie waik off the dock , along the waterfront , the place bustles with early evening excitement . the fishing fleet be back , tourist gather to watch the huge trophy fish hoist on jib , truck load the catch . several people wave . frankie wave back with he leave hand , he right hand firmly in he pocket . his eye dart around . frankie walk past a line of shop and bar open to the harbor and the sea . his eye be search , check face , movement ahead . ( continued ) 40 44 " the devil own " 12 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 continued : ~ then a hand reach out from a doorway . a voice : hey ! frankie move , about to draw the pistol but the stranger have now grasp he right arm , defensively . the Voice ; hey ! hey ! a calming tone . - frankie turn further to reveal that : it be Martin . frankie ya bastard ! — frankie go to grab he by the arm , to embrace . martin oouch , watch the sunburn . you would not believe the place | have to go to get here . frankie back off slightly . frankie God , its great to see you . Martin nod towards a table overlook the bay . as they walk frankie throw he arm around Martin 's shoulder friendly but impishly malicious . Martin jump in pain . martin aacoww ! fuck , frankie ! : frankie sorry . frankie laugh . int . dockside bar - day the table be open to the Pacific breeze and the dock . they drink beer . frankie be it true about the talk ? martin yeah . we think they be genuine , they lure we to the peace table , now they be go to shaft we . ( continued ) 40 4 '' the devil own " : 13 . goldenrod revision 's date : 222206 . 41 ° continued : / 41 frankie so stop talk . martin we have no bargain chip . frankie what be they offer ? frankie ( continue ) withdrawi ? Martin shake he head no . frankie ( continue ) the prisoner out ? Martin shrug he shoulder . martin talk . frankie ( grow anger ) talk !! the waiter arrive with more beer . frankie subdue he anger . Martin change the subject . : martin you hear about Joe ? silence . martin ( continue ) he get catch in Germany , he 's in some underground bunker jail . a pause . martin ( continue ) dessie 's dead . murdered in albania . ( continued ) " the devil own " 14 , goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 : 41 . continued : ( 2 ) : 41 frankie albania ! what the hell be we do in albania ? martin : try to buy gear , drop he guard , some * bastard slit he throat . . frankie be both angry and despondent . martin ( continue ) _ you know why I be here . frankie you be look for a bargain chip . martin one last try that will let we reach under the peace table and grab the brit by the ball . martin ( continue ) | swear to God frankie , if you can help we on this , * they will give we the lot , withdrawal and amnesty . * frankie sit deep in think . * frankie what do gerard get ? martin life plus 35 . CUT to : the two man stand at the open window of the bar as sun dip into the ocean . * martin ( continue ) : Jesus would you look at that . bit of a change from crumlin Road jail eh ? Martin return he attention to frankie . ( continued ) | 41 42 43 " the devil own " : 15 . goldenrod revision date : 2/226 continued : ( 3 ) martin ( continue ) | need you to run the whole op . frankie , there 's no one | can trust with this one . it 's too important . | promise you I will be wait ... you pull this off and we be there . frankie ( smiling ) and where be there ? martin Home ... int . immigration hall , newark airport - day frankie stand on line , he be neatly dress . a immigration official wave he forward . at the booth the official swipe the irish passport through a scanner and punch in the number . he study a video screen . close on : video screen , it read - devaney , rory 15 proctor road ravensdale , county louth , republic of ireland . occupation - salesman visa status - bt , b2 the immigration official look up at he , stamp the passport . ext . newark airport arrival - day a lincoln Continental park curbside , a note in the window announce devaney . rory approach the car , instinctively study all around : 41 + *# et ee 42 43 - " the devil own " : : 16 . - goldenrod revision date : 22286 : 44 int . car - day 44 a elegant middle - age man wait . this be fitzsimmon . rory shake hand . fitisimmon welcome to America . 45 int . car - day . : : 45 the car take off . rory study fitzsimmon rory - you be a judge be you ? fitisimmon ( nodding ) criminal : court . * rory chuckle to himself . rory | do not know many judge , socially like . they drive . . - fitisimmon . ( cont ) I will tell you something ... we could easily be in each * other shoe . . * rory look at he , questioningly . * fitisimmon * my father be bear in belfast . he get out of belfast in * the thirty . his brother end up on a prison ship in belfast lough . rory the El rahwah ? fitisimmon yes . rory my grandfather be on it . ( continued ) 45 45 a 46 " the devil own " . 47 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 continued : '' . the car travel over the goethal Bridge , a magnificent view of lower Manhattan . rory stare out . rory Jesus , it 's something else . fitisimmon be not it ? . they drive quietly . int / ext . the car-moving-day the skyline disappear . they pass a large sign announce staten island . rory . what about this people I be stay with , be they connect ? fitisimmon no , they be clean . I have know he a long time . he serve under my father . rory , lock out the window . rory this people know nothing about I . fitisimmon nothing , | tell they you be my cousin , try to make it out here , . ext . pleasant plain , staten island - dusk the car pull up in a rustic neighborhood . rory when | need the money , !'ll need it quickly . fitisimmon give I two hour notice . : there 's a package in the truck , everything 's in it . rory take he bag from the trunk , check under the carpet , find a gun , ( continued ) 45 46 47 48 " the devil own " : 18 . goldenrod revision date : 222r6 : continued : ~ 46 put it in he bag . rory and fitzsimmon exchange glance . ext . house - night 47 the light glow warm . / / a plume of chimney smoke circle up to the starry sky . _ he case the house from a distance . check the leave side . the right . walk down the front sidewalk as the sedan motor off . he tread lightly up the step . stands on the wooden porch and peer in through the large bay window . int . house - night : . 48 the doorbell ring . a twelve year old girl walk toward the door , she five year old sister push past . . annie let I , let I . the door open , rory stand in the doorway . Annie be suddenly shy at the stranger . annie ( continue ) who be you ? rory rory . o' meara be at the door , he shake rory 's hand . o'meara he 's a friend Annie . Nice to meet you rory . Tom waik rory into the kitchen . sheila hi , I be the mother . - rory shake Sheila 's hand , look around . ( continued ) 46 47 48 '' the devil own " : . 18 . goldenrod revision '' date : 2/2296 _ continued : ~ 46 put it in he bag . rory and fitzsimmon exchange glance . ext . house - night 47 the light glow warm . a plume of chimney smoke circle up to the starry sky . he case the house from a distance . check the lett side . the right . walk down the front sidewalk as the sedan motor off . he tread lightly up the step . stands on the wooden porch and peer in through the large bay window . int . house - night : 48 the doorbell ring . a twelve year old girl walk toward the door , she five year old sister push past . annie let I , let I . the door open , rory stand in the doorway . Annie be suddenly shy at the stranger . annie ( continue ) who be you ? rory rory . o' meara be at the door , he shake rory 's hand . o’meara he 's a friend Annie . Nice to meet you rory . Tom walk rory into the kitchen . sheila hi , l be the mother . rory shake Sheila 's hand , look around . ( continued ) 48 49 " the devil own " 19 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 : continued : - , 48 rory you have a lovely house . o' meara introduce he to the older girl , Bridget and Morgan . Morgan have be listen to a walkman as she do homework . she take the headphone off to smile shyly at rory . rory pick up a cassette album that sit beside the walkman . close on : the cassette , it 's U2 's rattle and hum . rory put it back down . rory ( continue ) ' do not think it 's as good as joshua Tree do you ? she nod yes with a embarrassed smile . as rory turn the two girl look at each other . Bridget make a dorky face at Morgan to indicate she think Morgan have act like a nitwit . sheila dinner 's aimost ready , show rory where to put he stuff tom. : int . basement - night 49 o' meara show rory to the basement . ; rory . its very decent of you . * o’meara it 's a favor to fitz . . o’meara | have not finish this place , but it 's warm and * eveything work . . . rory look around . , o'meara dinner 's almost ready , why do not you unpack . ( continued ) 49 50 '' the devil own " 20 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2246 continued : * . : 49 : rory thanks , | hope .! will not be in the way . Sheila 's voice from upstairs . sheila : hey you guy , dinner 's ready . - * rory I will wash my hand . o' meara leave . rory look around , then take the pistoi , hide it in the space above the ceiling tile . int . kitchen - night 50 the family eat gather around the dinner table . o’ meara nod to Annie . Annie bow she head . annie for food and clothes , and all that grow , for family too , dear God thank you .... and | hope rory like the basement , cause | do not . rory rory like the basement a lot . Sheila pass the food , its corn beef and cabbage . rory lift meat and cabbage onto he plate , cut some , eat it . . rory ( continue ) this meat be lovely Mrs. o'meara . what be it ? Tom and Sheila be shocked . sheila it 's come beef ! | make it for you . | think that it be all you eat over there . ( continued ) 50 ° 51 " the devil own " 21 . goldenrod revision date : 22296 : continued : - rory ( now slightly embarrased ) no , I be sorry , I have never have it . never even see it . ; o' meara return from the fridge , laugh , plant a can of guinness beside rory . : o’meara : now do not tell I you have not see this in Ireland either ? rory lift the can . rory | be baptize in it . annie you be baptize in beer ! laughter , the rattle of cutlery amid the general chitchat . a idyllic family group . ext . back of the o'meara house - night o' meara come out the door carry a bag of garbage . he walk over to the garbage can and put it in . he turn around to go back in the house and find himself look down into the light basement window . o’meara's p.o.v. basement window - night rory sit on he bed , read . close shot o’meara - night as he ponder this young man he have bring into he home . he then walk back into the house . camera pull back revealing o’meara through kitchen window come up behind sheila who be clean the kitchen counter . he put he arm around she and whisper something in she ear . the sound of intimate laughter . he take she away from the window . camera pan back down to cellar window . rory have react to the sound of they laughter . he listen , put down the book and look up toward the window , ponder this new world and happy family whose life he have enter . 50 51 52 " the devil own " 22 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 . ext . inwood - day 52 close on a teenager running the camera pull back to reveal : o'meara chasing , full speed strain the blue thread of he new york CITY police uniform Close behind he : , officer edwin diaz ( 40' ) , run hard . just behind he : a rookie cop , follow by he . older partner , a black cop , jerry . the suspect reach first Avenue and get across just in front of the " pack " of traffic move to the staggered light . - o' meara run recklessly through the darting car cause ' brake to screech , vehicle to swerve , as diaz , the rookie and Jerry stop for the traffic . sprint o' meara gain on the suspect . he 's surprisingly fast . some garbage men drag can biock the sidewalk . o'meara leap over a parked car and land without miss a beat . the suspect look back over he shoulder for the first time , expect to see a cop biock behind . : o'meara be close the suspect turn it up a notch . likewise o'meara . - pedestrian stop , watch , comment but it 's no big deal to they as o'meara tackle the suspect ( continued ) 52 '' ine devil own " . 23 , goldenrod revision date : 22286 . continued : - 52 in second , he cuff the suspect and pat he for a weapon . both of they huff and puff . diaz arrive , not nearly as out of breath , then the rookie , along with Jerry . _ rookie cop ( to suspect ) gotcha . o' meara exchange a look with diaz . to Jerry : o'meara what would he do ? jerry ( clueless ) it 's the kid 's collar . all three look to the rookie , who reach into the suspect 's inside coat pocket and extract a trojan 3 - pack . rookie cop he rack this outta the 2nd Ave head shop . | witness he put it in he pocket . o' meara relieve he of the " evidence . " turn to the other : o'meara he witness it . o' meara examine he tear pants knee . Beyond repair . he nods pointedly at the rookie . . o'meara thirty five buck . - he stare at the suspect for a explanation . teenager you know man I ... | forget like to pay for they . rookie ( answer o'meara ) : wait - wait a minute . that 's for brand new one . you sure that can not be sewn sarge ? ( continued ) 52 53 '' the devil own " : a . 24 . goldenrod revision datad : 2/2241 continued : ( 2 ) the rookie watch in disbelief as o'meara uncuff the teen . o’meara ( to the kid ) beat it . ( to Jerry ) talk to he , Jerry . straighten he out . the suspect reach for the trojans . o'meara do not get greedy . he saunter off . o' meara look at the condom , then call out to he : o’meara hey ! the suspect turn . o' meara toss the pack . o'meara this be dangerous time . ext . manhattan - fifth avenue R line subway - day rory emerge from the subway , Central Park and 5th . above the New York din of taxi horn and siren , a-single trumpet blast iring berlin' . rory follow the noise .. , to reveal a single jazz trumpeter , young , white , long haire , hippy look stand on the rim of the fountain in front of the Plaza Hotel , play to a large gather of tourist and passer - by . : rory be transfix . a temporary lull in the traffic allow the trumpeter 's long note to bounce off the glass wall of the Grace building and reverberate around the square . as rory watch , behind he on 58th , a street vendor push he steaming food cart , along the street , cut into the path of a dilapidate yellow cab . the cab clip the food cart , shudder it , spilling , some bread roll onto the road . the cabbie - middle eastern be out - the street vendor , Hong Kong chinese be incense , he throw he bread roll at the cabbie , horn blare , the trumpeter ( continued ) 52 53 '' + ee ene 53 54 55 56 56 a " the devil own " 25 . goldenrod revision date : 22296 continued : ~ play on but now he 's lose half he audience to the escalate verbal war between the cabbie and the vendor . now a very large black truck driver be out of he cab yell abuse at the blockage . . . the cabbie , explode with anger , turn on the crowd , and rory . cabbie you get a problem ? rory look around to see who the cabbie be enraged at , then realize its he . rory laugh in disbelief . as two cop stroll over to the accident - a air of sublimely jade caim . cop ( to cabbie ) hey , hey , hey . people start to calm down , one cop sort out traffic as the other get between the vendor and cabbie . rory wander across the road , still mesmerize by the unique anarchy and joy of New York . he continue on to 53rd and ninth . ext . ninth avenue - day burke 's bar on ninth . rory case the joint from across the street , check the petty hood hang outside , study along the avenue . omit omit int burke's bar - day / rory take a stool at the bar , order a beer , watch the action : watch a big boisterous trish american man - burke - move through the bar , chat with some customer . he meet a sinister look young guy in the corner . this be teddy , burke 's sometime henchman . burke whisper in teddy 's ear . ( continued ) 53 55 56 s6a * 56 a 57 '' the devil own " : 26 . goldenrod revision date : 2/228 continued : : : 56A burke move on , pat a hooker on the behind , go to the cash register , open the * drawer , check the take , sort , the big note , pocket they . * rory sip ata beer , pretend to study a newspaper but he 's watch burke , : watch the body language that say this guy be boss . * burke nod toward teddy , they head toward a back room office , the door tead * private . they enter . , . . . int . burke's office - day 57 * burke sit , teddy siap bundle of cash on a table . burke lift the phone , hit a . speed dial button . ' * burke . Louis , lay off five at aqueduct . * the door open . it 's rory . burke look surprised , teddy turn angrily . * teddy : * what the fuck ...... , * burke * hey , the john 's across the hall pal . * rory close the door , burke sit up , now angry . * rory * Martin send I . . rory sit at the desk . * burke . you be out at the bar , right ? : * rory nod yes . * burke a you like my joint ? * rory .* it 's a live . . burke we can not all be on the front of the line , son , | do my bit for Ireland , | be send crate toad of rifle over there before you daddy even think of you . the ee ( continued ) 57 57a " the devil own '' : 27 . goldenrod revision date : 2/22/96 . , continued : - '' rory unimprss , look around , at the air conditioning grill in the drop ceiling , then look at teddy . instantly they do not like each other . : rory what 's out there ? burke the back alley . rory | would not mind a bit of fresh air . rory be go before burke can object , he get up motion to teddy to wait . ext . alley - day rory wait for burke . rory : you never know who 's listen this day . burke | have that place sweep every month ... | hope you do not think you be come over here to tell we what to do son ? 's rory how 's it go with the stuff ? burke it 's go . listen for the money you have | can get ten wire guide anti-tank missile , go right into one of that Brit tank , take out everybody inside . rory we be not interested . burke Long range mortar , the most sophisticated yet . rory forget it , we make we own . Martin tell you what we need . you say you could get they . now where be they ? . ( continued ) 57 * + ee as + 8 th 8 st ee " the devil own " . 28 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 57a continued : ~ burke , stinger be top of the line now son , since they wipe the Russian air force in afganistan they be top daliar . my supplier say they can seil they for twice the quote . '' rory . you tell we a price . two million .. if it 's more , you make up the difference . when we chase the brit out of South armagh , we will put up a statue to you . burke 1 | do not know ? rory look Mr. burke , we would be_awful disappointed with you if we do not get they . . burke grab rory by the shirt . burke be threaten , you little cocksucker . | get teddy out here and you will go out the front door in four plastic bag . . rory now what good would that do Mr. burke . there would be somebody else tomorrow . we do not go away . ask the brit . burke pull back from he anger . . burke I be a man of my word . if | say two million , then two million it be . let 's drink on it . 57b int bar -day burke raise a glass of whiskey , toast rory burke here 's to six hundred year of struggie and twelve year in the oak . ( continued ) 57a eet aoe ee ee * tt ee et hf 57b 57c 57d 58 " the devil own " . 29 . goldenrod revision date : 22296 continued : : , 57b rory slainte ... there 's a friend of mine here ? . , burke . ( laugh ) Sean . Fucking great kid . he be run . outta bus fare wait around for you gusy , | throw * hima little work . : . , rory : . | want to see he . * ext station house parking lot - day 570 " , o'meara and diaz pull in at the end of a eight to four and walk across to the * house . : * int station house - day 57d * shift change . the hall be crowded . lot of banter . * at the desk , manned by a rather young desk sergeant : : * diaz sign the return Roll call the continue on . as o'meara sign in ... * desk sergeant * all quiet on the western Front ? * o'meara * Long as it 's cold it 's quiet . * int . patrolmen' locker room - day 58 diaz and the rookie cap from the shoplifter chase and another half dozen Police , be come off the seven- to - three shift . bulletproof vest be wear or hang in open locker . african - american cop hey , ..... hear you confiscate some heavy duty swag . and o' meara let the perp walk . diaz ( pointing to rookie ) look at the King of the trojans , Mr. ramse , over here . ( continued ) '' ine vevil own " . 30 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 58 continued : -— , 58 rookie break the law be break the law . diaz o'meajia save you from you self , man . you run that kid in for boost condom ... soon you be make collar for spitting on the sidewalk . rookie a guy who would run from the police like that .. who know what else he 's get go ?... bad judgement . diaz o'meara be make judgement call the night you father forget to use a rubber . if judgement have foot it would take like the sergeant . older cop do not you think there 's more important shit go on out there ? diaz that 's what we be here for . speak of which ( holding up rookie 's vest ) what be this a L - one ? might as well be wear reynoid wrap ( indicate he own vest ) put you money where you heart be kid . level Three - a top of the line spectra . you would be able to go head to head with any shooter in the city . CUT to : 58a int . sergeant's locker room-day 58a * more spacious . less ratty . bigger locker . o' meara sit in barca - lounger nurse he knee . Jerry - the African - american sergeant be on he way home . + # o'meara * " be not blame you , Jerry . it 's just , where do this * guy come from ... you know , little common * sense , measure response . . jerry * he 's a little aggressive , he will be a good cop . ( continued ) " the devil own " 31 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 - 58a continued : - : 5 BA o'meara * someday . if he last that long . * jerry * ( walk out the door ) * how 's the wheel ? * . o'meara , : * get to old for this , man . . . . o' meara get up slowly . '' 59 ext . suburban STREET - evening : 59 60 61 o’ meara 's car turn into he block , cover with snow .. int . o'meara's car - evening 60 o'meara look down the street . he approach he house and discover a perfectly shovel driveway and step , large mound of snow along the side , a huge snowman . ext . garden - evening . 61 " o' meara get out , admire the clean driveway . o'meara what happen ? * sheila ' be not this fantastic . we finally have a clean driveway . rory smile , lean on he shovel . then a snowball hit o’meara . Bridget be the culprit . he turn , quickly scoops a snowball and fire back at Bridget . he 's hit again , this time the culprit be Sheila . a snowball fight break out . rory join in - great family fun , until Annie be hit by @ snowball , throw by Morgan . . she do not like it , she start cry . rory who be close , scoops she up in he arm . rory there , there , do not cry . ( continued ) 61 61b 610 " the devil own " 32 . buff revision date : 2/2796 continued : rory whisper something into Annie ear , she cry turn to conspiratorial laughter . rory wink at she , put she down and -suddenly run very fast at morgan , roaring in mock rage . morgan lets out a scream annie bubble with laughter . as rory catch morgan . roll her in the snow . morgan squeal in mock terror - but her smile , her face tell that she love it . : o'meara look at sheila - a father 's look of sudden controlled panic at the first sign of raging adolescent hormone . : o'meara right everybody , hot chocolate . int . o'meara house - live room Sheila sit frustrated in front of she computer as Morgan try to explain to she how to retrieve a lose file . o' meara come down stair and head for the sofa . just as he begin to settle down to watch television ... sheila we be outta milk . o' meara get up and head and go for he jacket . ext. o'meara house -front porch rory sit alone on front stoop take in the calmness of it all . o' meara come out of the house put on he jacket . o’meara hey , | gotta go get some milk . you want to go for a walk ? come on . rory why not ? ( continued ) 61 61b * " the devil own " ; buff revision date : 227/96 61c continued : rory follow o'meara towards the street . 62 omit 32a . 61c 62 " ine VevIS owt . 33 . goldenrod revision date : 2/22/96 624a ext . staten island STREET - night : 62a * as Tom walk , a neighbor , greet he , Tom wave back . , . , o'meara * how would it go today ? . rory * good. ( pause ) you have a great family , Mr. o'meara . * o'meara . * its Tom . what about you family ? * rory they be all over the place . a sister in Australia , one in England . my da 's dead . my mar 's still in iretand . a tee ( a beat ) o'meara * so how be it back there , - with the violence . Peter tell . * I you be from outside belfast . . * rory * it 's sad . the place be a wasteland . * o'meara * ts there any point to it ? * rory * | do not know , | try to stay far away from it . * that 's why | leave . * o'meara * will it ever end ? * rory * God | hope so . . o'meara . * would you go back then ? . . rory nod yes . _ * rory . * it 's home after all . * ( continued ) 62a 62b 62c ine vevis uwit . oa . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 : continued : they have arrive at a corner deli . they enter . ext . deli - night / o'meara , grocery bag in hand , and rory exit the deli . they pass a bar . o'meara how about a beer ? rory I be die for one . they go in . int . local bar - night o'meara greet several patron and Joe the bartender . o'meara hey Joe , you have any guinness ? Joe nod yeah . o'meara ( continue ) gimme two . o' meara put a twenty on the bar as he introduce rory to a big ltalian - american guy - johnny - who be in the middle of a game of pool . o'meara johnny , this be rory devanney . — johnny not another friggin Mick . be you a cop ? rory ( laugh ) no such luck I be afraid .. johnny jes , listen to that brague , when do you get here ? rory last week . johnny , suddenly serious ( continued ) 62c '' ine devil own " 35 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 continued : johnny oh , ya do , that 's interesting , I be a immigration agent , stick you green card out on that table . a flash of contusion from rory then o'meara stop bail busting . ( to rory ) johnny own the deli , he sell rubbery cheese . johnny hey , that be fight word . johnny turn to rory , hold up the pool cue . johnny you know what this be itish , it 's a italian penis . rory that 's why its in you hand . johnny ( good nature ) wow , a wiseguy . how about you have one in you hand . you and the good sergeant . I and joey , the ralian versus the irish . rory look at Tom , he nod yes , turn to Joe , nod toward the bag on the counter . o'meara stick that bag in the cooler Joe . CUT to : a game in progress . o' meara : play . rory watch , as he 's about to shcot , johnny shout across the table . : johnny hey , rory , you hear about the irish man try to blow up a car ? o' meara have be interrupt . rory shake he head no . johnny burnt he mouth on the tail pipe . ( continued ) 62c eee the + o# '' ine devil own " : 36 . buff revision date : 2/2796 62c continued : ( 2 ) 62c johnny laugh loudly at he own joke . o' meara smile a sarcastic smile , be about to take he shot . rory do you know ‘how to get ten italian into a phone box ? o' meara get up again . _ johnny you tell I irish . rory make one the boss and the other nine will craw ! up he arse . o'meara hey there 's twenty buck on this shot . o' meara size up for the vital shot . CUT to : rory hand ten buck to o'meara , who pass it plus he ten on to a very happy johnny . ' 62d omit 62d * " the devil own " 37 . buff revision date : 2/27/96 62e omit 62e * " the devil own " - 38 , buff revision date : 2/2796 62f _ int . o'meara house - live room 63 o' meara and rory enter , laugh , try not to make too much noise . suddenly it dawns on o'meara that he have forget the milk . . o’meara oh shit . rory come to the same realization . rory bollock . we forget the milk . it will be no problem . !'ll go back and get it . . o' meara toss he house key to rory head for the front door . o' meara head up the stair . . int . annie 's bedroom - night o'meara give she a goodnight kiss . annie rory 's go to tell I a story about a big fish . - o’meara ( to rory ) you be on you own kid . o’ meara leave the room . . rory this be the story of the great eel of lough neagh , who live many year ago , in a big lake just down the road from we house . annie 's he still there . ( continued ) 62f * 63 63 64 64a " the devil own " . . 39 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 continued : rory - . some people say he be , and some people say he 's in Scotland annie be Scotland close to here ? ext . o'meara house - very early morning {tis still dark . there be no light on in the house . the door open and rory walk out into the very early morning . , : int . penn station - day rory make he way through the bustle of the station . at the central ticket area we see Sean , he 's in perpetual motion , shuffle stamp a cigarette out , check he watch . rory walk up on he from behind , bear hug he . rory get ya ! a moment of shock , then Sean recognise he old comrade , break free . Sean ( he 's a former amateur boxer , which mean he talk and walk with he shoulder - when he want to make a point , he dip almost ready to throw a imaginary leave , when he laugh he emphasise the point , by shadow box a few quick jab . his body be constantly on the move , always box , always ducking , always laugh ) now he shadow box a couple of rights in mock rage ... sean " fuck sake . frankie . rory raise he hand , a stop signal rory it 's rory . sean rory , get away a that ! rory ... well , I be pascaie . rory ( supress a smile ) pascale ? ( continued ) 63 tt ee tie t+ * 64 a " the devil own " : 40 . goldenrod revision date : 222/96 continued : Sean milk he apparent embarrassment , then ... . sean catch yerself on . !'m still the same auld Sean . | get away , remember . there 's nobody after I . Jesus it 's good to see you . they embrace again . a change of tone by Sean . sean " dno choice , you know . rory what be you talk about ? sean . leave youse there , in the house . the sas be everywhere ... rory interrupt ... rory forget it , we be lucky we alll get out alive . a somber moment . rory you hear about dessie . Sean nod yes . , sean they would like to finish we all . rory it 's a big boy 's rule Sean , ya fuck up you be dead . Sean nod , then do not want to dwell on it , look around . sean look at this place , do you ever imagine we would end up here ? great be not it ? ( continued ) 64a " the devil own " . .. . 41 . goldenrod revision date : 22286 64a continued : ( 2 ) : : : 64a rory * '' you like it here ? * sean : * | fuckin ' love it . * rory , * come on we get . a train to catch . * _.* sean where be we go ? lc > lp rory and Sean walk along the pier towards a line of fishing boat . he 's check the name . rory wat what the hell 's go on . a . rory mist a fishing boat call Sea girl . : of * a nov x . heré'we be . * sean * here we be at ? ts , rory nod toward the Sea girl . se é rory * " the irish republicafi navy . '' 's sean you be not , serious ? vf rory lait indeed . L sean '' | can not swim . 4 * ci : * 2nd salmon revision date : 4/12/96 , 64 c int . duty room - pay several dozen cop in twos and three talk or mill around , await roll call . a cop bang he nightstick several time for attention . a cop attention , fella . right after roll call , we be take up a collection . it get they attention . _a cop dig deep . this one 's important . a ten-thirkeen for a fellow cop in distress . ( gravely ) it 's for the Edwin diaz driving Lessons Fund . laughter . cop call out ad libbed comment be . train wheel for he patrol car , etc . diaz make a show of shaking he head at they childishness . the rookie ( to diaz ) you see ? be raise in the suburb have its pluse . I take driver ed in high school . diaz impatiently . wake up man . how you think I get here every day ? . a cop : diaz never make high school . o' meara enter the room . o' meara okay , fall in . they line up , five abreast . o' meara stand at the podium and check off item on he computer printout as he deliver assignment . o' meara acevedo , O'Connor . sector A. two-nine - three -five . thirteen hundred ( continued ) 2nd salmon revision | - date : 4/12/96 64c continued : 1 meal . you be rapid response , silver and Walker . B sector . thirty-one-fifty . thirteen hundred meal . diaz . : you be with I . C sector . everybody else same post as yesterday . ( beat ) Glock requalification period end . in thirty day . I advise do not put it off . the range be sparse now and you can get you round off fast , etcetera etcetera . question . no question . o' meara pay a little extra attention out there . we be work short a car so stay close to you partner on any call . he step away from the podium and a strong hum of conversation break out as everyone cluster again for talk and kid around . _64dext . precinct house - day o'meara and diaz exit and walk to they patrol car . walk and talk diaz this be get ridiculous . I be like the laughingstock of the house , man . I be suppose to drive the car , you suppose to sit back and ride next to I like a gentleman . the stripe entitle you to that , no ? o' meara absolutely . : diaz the guy who ride with a sergeant ... he 's call a chauffeur , no ? o'meara yep . diaz and that 's I , right ? ( continued ) 2nd salmon revision date : 4/12/96 64d continued : 1 they reach the patrol car . diaz hold o'meara 's arm . diaz so when you gonna let I do my job ? when can I drive ? o'meara tomorrow . as o'meara get into the driver 's seat , diaz start to walk around the car . > diaz you be say that for three year . 64e 64f * \.2nd Blue revision - pate : 4/2/96 ext . staten island ferry - day rev . 3/30/96 rmk rory stand on the deck of the ferry look at the Wall Street skyline glisten in the sun . : CUT to : ext . ferry terminal - pay rev . 3/26/96 rmk rory exit the ferry and walk down . the ramp toward a gleek skyscraper in front of which wait .. Sean . rory move off to the side , the hint of mischief on he face , close on : Sean , dress sharp , shifting from foot to foot , a bundle of energy , full of the devil , he eye a great look woman walk off the ferry , when ... : rory ( voice disguise ) that 's my sister you bastard ... Sean whirl to .. rory gotcha . . -- a sly amile on he face . sean Christ sake frankie . . rory it 's rory . sean rory . . frankie .. whoever tha hell . you be , you almost give I a . bloody heart attack , rory / you should be keep a eye open , sean . what do you think I be do ? Jesus it 's good to sea you .. he taka rory around in a heartfelt embrace . when they break Sean motion to the world around they . sean can you believe where we end up ? a couple of taig from the Falls Road .... this place .. thera 's job for the askin ' .. and that stuff . . - to ( continued ) 2nd Blue revision date : 4/2/96 64p continued : 1 he motion to another great look woman walk by . the woman turn , and give rory a smile . rory -- it 's fuck heaven .. sean . hey ! have you have one of this yet ... he point to a hot dog vendor . " rory I be still feel the effect . sean yeah but the flavor 's something else .. you want to have a go again ? Sean already have he money out . rory stop he , rory maybe in another life .. sean this be another life frankie .. rory rory .. sean - whataver .. all I be say 's there 's real possibility here ... Sean take a can in the road underfoot like a soccer ball . . sean e when 's the last time you play ? rory who 's get a memory that long . sean remember the team ? he pass the can to rory , who handle it expertly , dribble it back and forth with ease . rory a sorry lot we be . he pass the can back to Sean .. ( continued ) 2nd Blue revision date : 4/2/96 64f continued : 2 sean bollock ! we be the league terror . : -- who tap the can on he shoe , once , twice .. and send it back to rory , : : rory you mean terrible .. sean my arse .. come on .. Sean back up .. challenging , dare rory . sean come on .. rory take up the challenge , head at sean dribble the can from foot to foot . sean engage he . block the can , try to steal it . rory turn back the other way . he almost make it around Sean . but Sean manage to spin , trapping . rory break away , kick the can in front of he , he shoot for the score .. and hit a car , use , but in mint condition , Sean polish the dent with he jacket . sean hey ! she 's just be wax . , rory your ? sean ( proud ) . buy and pay for . ai not sha grand ? for rory ( impressed ) aye ... sean that 's what I be say .. it 's a real place here .. it 's a good place . . even for a no account uneducate , fashion disaster like yourself . . rory and who appoint you the master of style ? he flash open he jacket , ravealing the label . ( continued ) 2nd Blue revision date : 4/2/96 54p continued : 3 sean calvin klein himself . rory give he a playful shove . rory . for a moment they be kid back street of belfast . after a Sean start to shadow box again , rough housing in the few swing . . sean ( serious ) we really gonna do this frankie ? rory aye Sean . . we be really go to do it . rory fix Sean with a look that leave no room for equivecation . he enter the car . Sean take a deep breath , not as convinced , not ag commit . '' hy " the vevil own " ; : A. goldenrod revision : date : 2/2296 rory you like it here ? 65 ext . montauk fishing pier - day 65 * rory and Sean walk along the pier towards a line of fishing boat . he 's . check the name . * rory , . * what the hell 's go on . * rory stop at a fishing boat call Sea girl . . rory . here we be . * sean . * here we be what ? * rory nod toward the Sea girl . . rory : * the irish Republican navy . : ' sean . you be not serious ? . rory . | be indeed . * sean . | can not swim . . CUT to : * 65 a " the devil own " 42 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 ext boat - day the boat sail out of the harbor - reveal Sean in a big chunky life jacket try to find he sea leg . rory at the wheel laugh . they be twenty mile out . rory check some chart , and he compass . : rory we 'te here .. Sean look around , empty sea to the horizon . : sea where ? we be nowhere . be you seasick or something ? rory . I in a few week Martin will be here with a ship . we put the stuff on board and head off over there . rory point east . ~ rory Home . sean to Ireland ? rory that 's home be not it . we be gonna sink Sea girl and sail off into the sunset with a few bargain chip in the hold . sean you think its all gonna work . rory we wack a couple of helicopter in South armagh , then the brit have no way to supply the fort there . they will have lose control of a quarter of the country , then we will have something to bargain with . 65a * * tt ee ete the 2nd yellow revision date : 4/4/96 654 int . burke's bar - day rev . 3/29/96 rm k rory enter the empty bar . burke be sit alone do he ledger , burke here he be ..how be you rory davaney ? . rory well . . . burke you be go to be a hell of a lot better when you hear tha good news .. I get you anything ? we have get fome good oyster ... guinnere on the tap .. : . rory just the good news , thanks . burke I have get the stinger , rory in you possession ? burke like the ball I be bear with . rory t'l2 need to have a look . burke smile , bemuse . burke you be probably one of that guy who will not fuck on the first date . rory I have to objection to that .. it 's get fuck that I try to avoid ... burke keep he eye rivete the rory 's , rory do not blink . burke Fair enough . cur to : 2nd , goldenrod revision date : 4/9/96 651 ext . deserted beach - dawn rev . 4/05/96 rmk a box with official U.S Army marking be snap open , the lid throw back to reveal .. a stinger missle . two glove hand lift the tube out of the box . : pull 's back to : burke take a stinger out of the box as . teddy , rory , and Sean , try to hide he apprehension , look on . through the tree , in the background : a small local airstrip . : : . : burke be this a thing of beauty or what .. god damn Dick of death .. burke pull the shoulder mount out . Sean look over to rory , question . rory do not bat a eye . + burke you know who you remind I of rory ..my mother .. god rest she soul .. the drine of a small plane break the morning silence . burke snap the cover on the tube end off . burke «.. when my mother would go to a new butcher shop .. usnap the scope up .. the plane begin to taxi on the strip . . . burke -- she have never buy without a good close look at the merchandise either .. she have look at one side of a steak .. and then ( brogue ) " that 's lovely .. would you mind flippin 's it over " . - she have look at the other side .. ' burke sight the scope .. switch the sonar guidance system on .. a flat tone break the morning silence ... scan the empty morning sky . Sean get more nervous by the moment . rory who know .. maybe we be related ... burke look over and wink at rory . burke you never know do you . . hey teddy ..how many small plane you think go down every year ? ~ ( continued ) 2nd goldenrod revision date : 4/9/96 651 continued : ; — teddy I dunno..lot .. the plane pick up speed on the runway . burke ».and if one would say go down on a quiet Sunday morning .. you think anybody would wonder .. the sonar beep with more urgency . /. teddy engine trouble ... as Sean understand what they be go to do . . . sean fuck sake man ! more urgency ... burke listen to this teddy '' »they send we the only two man in the history of the ira with respect for human fe . . burke plant he foot . ' the sonar be beep like mad . the plane be lift off into the air . | - burke . but if it make you boy feel better .. : burke point the missle right at the tree line .. flick the trigger guard off .. : . . e : burke : you can say they give they life for a free Ireland ... - ehis finger find the trigger .. beep.. beep..beep .. the plane lift over the tree line . the sonar lock in with a pierce whine . Sean look at rory , frantic . - sean it 's madness ! rory do not bat a eye . do not move a muscle as the plane clear the tree .. come into sight .. burke 's finger go to squeeze .. when at the last moment . . _ ( continued ) '' 2nd goldenrod revision date : 4/9/96 " 651 ° continued : 2 rory reach over and hit the disarm trigger . the system | shut down . the plane pass overhead . burke I guess we get a satisify customer . burke smile at rory , pleased with himself . 2nd buff revision date : 4/11/96 65l ext , fitz' townhouse - day rev.3/29/96 rmk from someone else 's Pov . the door open . a young woman , megan , exit the townhouse , a knapsack on she back , and walk off . angle on : the someone else . rory watch she walk off . his eye go to the second floor of the house , where fitz stand beside a drape , also watch . fitz nod . the drape drop . cuT to : ( suua fo ' 65m ext . ral park skating rink - day rev . 4/10/96 rmk iceskater of all size and shape spin around the rink . some be beginner , fall and flopping , other be sheer poetry in motion . everyone have a good time . megan stand look over the rink , watch the skater below . the knapsack press between she leg and the fence . rory appear next to she , stand close , familiar . megan be not it lovely the way they glide like that .. not a care in the world ... rory aye .. megan do you ever try it ? / rory '' once when I be 11 . - I spend most of the time get up from fall down . she look at he , a bit of a twinkle in she eye . megan you do not know who I be ? he do not . megan Michael 0 's donahue 's sister . he take a closer look .. megan . she brighten . 2nd buff revision date : 4/11/96 .65m continued : 1 rory how 's you mum ? megan not the same since they kill we Michael . megan turn to the skater , force the anger away from herself . envy that freedom , the two of they stare at the skater .. and then at each other , for a brief , awkward moment . ' rory I better be off . he pick up the ' knapsack . megan Travel safe frankie .. rory you too .. he kiss she unexpectedly , lightly . _. megan what I would not have give for that when I be 13 . his smile linger for a moment .. and then he be go . 2nd Green revision _ date : 4/9/96 3 vad . . } 65n int . basement - night rev . 4/09/96 rm k c.u. megan 's knapsack . pull back to : rory . pull a éection of the bathroom floor back , revealing a hollow apace . cur to ; 6sp int . kitchen - night rev . 4/09/96 rmk Sheila be prepare dinner . Annie be twirling around in she beautiful pink confirmation dress , sheila sweatie tell rory dinner be ready . Annie run off . 659 int . stair - night rev . 4/09/96 Annie tiptoe down the basement stair . she come to the bottom of the stair , prepare to surprise .. : rory , who be about to place the bag into the hollow space when he hear she footstep . . Quick as a minute , he slide the knapsack into the space , pull the tile over it , and stand . , just as Annie appear at the foot of the stair . : annie boo ! . . be rory rise , turn , startles . rory - you about give I a heart attack ! annie ( pleased ) mommy say dinner 's ready .. '' rory alright .. that 's a lovely dress . annie ( proud ) : it 's for Morgan 's confirmation tomorrow . . ~ort rory pick Annie up . ee sess nev aera parvo . 475770 659 continued : 1 rory Wall .. you 'ra go to make a grand show of it . as they head for the stair .. annie be you marry ? rory no . annie would you marry se ? rory it would be a honor .. up the staira they go . ine devs vwi '' : : +o. goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 ort ne ear irr en a '' os wresavto ser ; * lf , se " omit 67 " omit 68 " omit 69 ° omit 70 " omit 71 omit 72 " ext . o'meara house - a sunday morning 3 ' week later - 73 " int . master bedroom , o'meara house - morning 74 : the second floor bedroom . the mome sun shine down in beam through a large picture window onto the bed where o'meara lie asleep under the twisted sheet , bare arm and leg splay in all direction , hair wild , mouth agape , dead to the world . suddenty daughter annie and morgan both in pajamas , burst into the room and start jump up and down on the bed , chirp in sing - song voice : annie dad-dy , dad - dy , time to get up ! morgan goad-morn ! ( continued ) 74 " the devil own " 44 , goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 continued : , 74 o'meara ( groggy ) what , what , hey ... o' meara pull the sheet up , try to cover himself . o'meara hey , what be you doin’ , come on , quit that ! annie oh , daddy ... morgan get up , get up , it 's time for church ! the girl poke he bare chest , giggle . o' meara pull the sheet closer . o’meara '' hey , what be this , come on , quit it , get outta here . geez , |'m not believe this ! Sheila ! morgan ( sing ) daddy iove , my daddy love ... o' meara finally pull himself completely under the sheet , draw he body into a ball : o'meara Sheila ! the oldest daughter , BRIDGET , 14 enter and j join she sister sing " daddy * Love " : * BRIDGET * | know you do not want to be lat for my confirmation . . o' meara suddenly spring up , look at the clock , and jump out of bed , wrapping the entire bedsheet around he . * o'meara * ' oh my god . sheila ! : * CUT to : * 75 75 a '' ine vewis own " | : 45 . cherry revision date : 3/496 int . saint francis church - day full church . boy and girl wearing red robe , morgan be among they . several pews back ; the o'meara family , and rory , now dress in conservative dark suit , white shirt . . . : Morgan look over she shoulder , o'meara , Sheila and rory smile . : the bishop move in front of the confirmee . bishop now that you have come of age you can renew the baptismal vow . and all the congregation can join you in reaffirming they strength in the church . do you renounce Satan . morgan ( and all ) to , Close on rory . bishop and all he earthly work . rory ( and all ) ido . bishop and all he earthly promise . o’meara ( and all ) ido . . . CUT to : int church - day people file out for communion . the camera find the o'mearas and rory as people rise for the communion . all the o'mearas get up except Sheila and Annie . rory stay sit slightly edgey . Sheila see that he be not take communion . ( continued ) 75 t5a * the ee " the devil own " 45a , cherry revision date : 3/496 75a continued : sheila {in a church whisper ) you be not take communion ? rory shake he head no . sheila ( continue ) will you watch Annie ? rory of course . Sheila get up , Annie slide beside rory . annie why do not you go ? rory well sometimes you do not go if you do not feel good . annie ( louder ) aye you sick ? rory ( embarrassed ) no , no . Bridget return , kneel " annie but you do not feel good . ' Bridget hear Annie 's childish question , see rory embarrassed . BRIDGET ( whisper to Annie ) shut up . annie ( combative ) no , you shut up . 75a 76 " the. devil own " 46 . _ cherty revision date : 3/496 ext . saint francis church - day 76 crowd in front of the church and on the step take picture of family group _ around they red-robe confirmee . off to one side be a noraid man sell copy of the " irish people " - the ira 's : american Paper . the o'mearas emerge , cluster on the sidewalk : diaz be there with girlfriend . . they shake hand . rory shake hand with diaz . . : * ( continued ) 76 ine devil own " '' 47 . cherry revision date : 3/496 continued : - : 76 Bridget and Morgan come run up to rory . . morgan ( excite ) hey , we meet some irish people , they say they want to meet you . Morgan take rory by the arm , drag he along , Bridget follow . Morgan drag rory over to the noraid man who shake a collection tin and calis out noraid man | Britain get out of ireland . help the irish prisoner . it 's to late for rory to back off . Morgan have the man by the arm and be lead he over to rory . the man have he hand out . ( continued ) '' ine devil own " cherry revision date : 3/496 76 continued : ( 2 ) 48. 76 noraid man ( continue ) Joe Galvin , how be you ? rory hello . noraid man I do not get you name . morgan it 's rory . noraid man Morgan say you be from back home . rory I be from armagh . noraid man be you interested in get the brit out of we * country ? rory turn away . rory ( as he leave ) no , I be not political , thanks . he take Morgan with he . the man follow . the noraid man shove a copy of the " irish people " . * noraid man : , how can you not be political , for God 's sake . the noraid man keep come . noraid man have you no interest in stop murder and torture in Ireland ? ( continued ) 76 76a 76b '' the deviis own " 49 . cherry revision date : 3/4/96 . continued : ( 3 ) finally rory have have enough , he turn back to the man , in close , look he in the eye , a killer look . ' rory ( softly through he tooth ) off . he turn to Morgan . rory ( continue ) that people be trouble . CUT to : int . mysterious van - day . Inside a surveillance van , a man train a camera through two way glass , snap photo of the noraid guy and the people talk to he . int . o'meara house - day this be Sheila 's party , lot of food , relative and friend fill the house . the girl laugh and play , with they cousin . rory talk to diaz . ror what I would really love to do be get a car , big american car , convertible , and drive across America . go to some of that place | use to see in the film on Saturday - cheyenne , laramie , El paso . om - a- ha , nebraska . om - a-ha ! what must that place be like ? . o'meara omaha , be that in Brooklyn or queen , diaz . diaz the bronx man , another one of that mick neighborhood , it 's pronounce o'maha , ya know like o'meara . Sheila cut between the man , hand o'meara a platter . sheila . do not listen to this guy rory . cop be too smart for they own good . CUT to : 76 76c 76d 76e " 76 F " the devil own " 50 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 int . live room-day there 's a sing -song go on in the live room . diaz hold the crowd as he finish a latino song . great burst of applause , then : uncle brian come on rory . rory wave they away , he 's embarrassed . rory | can not sing uncle brian come on , aory do not let the old country down . no Puerto rican can get the better of we . rory take up the challenge , he sing back Home in derry . int . kitchen - day , as rory sing in the live room , the phone ting , Sheila answer . int . live room - day rory finish to much applause . Sheila be beside he . sheila you have a call rory . roary be shocked . rory I ? int . kitchen - day rory on the phone , secetive . rory be you off you head ... shut up . I will meet you . 76c * 76d " 76e * " the devil own " , 51 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 . 76g ext . house - night . 76g " the guest have go . o' meara and Sheila clean up . rory leave quietly by the * storm door . * 76h = int . hog and heifer bar - night 76h " the place be pack , a mixture of biker and downtown club-hopper type . hard * rock on the juke box . Sean be in the corner with teddy , they be knock back . tequilla slammer . Sean see rory from across the room . burke sit at a small * table . Sean come over to rory who eyball teddy . * rory ' , . what be you do with that fucker . * sean : * he 's good people man . . rory : : * good peopie ? good people , who do you think you be * talk too . do not | tell you only to call I if you be . in big trouble . * sean * what the hell be this Martin 's dead man . : * rory . 1 know . * sean * burke think the mission 's over . * Sean nod toward burke in the corner . rory go over . * : burke * you man 's dead . * rory nod . * burke he be a good man . | guess that 's the way thing be over there . it be good do business with you guy , maybe you can put this thing together again some time . ee ( gontinued ) 76h 76l " the devil own " . 52 , goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 continued : * rory what be you talk about . burke look at he . burke it 's over . rory no its not . nothing 's change . burke ; you think you can handle this on you own . Sean be completely shocked . rory | want to see the merchandise . : burke and the money . rory I will have it . see ya . ext . hog & heifer - night the meat district , several biker type hang out along the side street from hog & heifer . teddy be in a doorway . sean | need something . teddy be you sure this dickhead can come up with two mill . sean | tell you he be nut do not |. give 's the pipe . teddy now , seany boy you be all out of credit . sean : Jesus Christ this be no time to fuck about teddy . | need a hit for my nerve . ( continued ) 76h B diaz exit fast " the devil own " 7 58 . goldenrod revision pate : 2/2286 continued : : 761 teddy . we can come to some arrangement , right ? _ . , sean . right , right . . * Sean pace anxious for a hit of crack . / . ne ue wiis omit ! 7 late afternook , o'meara drive , cruise slowly on a major a beside he . do not look at one another as they talk . thek street . : " diaz for he 's still warking construction with all - that jamaican , agitian , Bangladesh , '' whatever the hell they be ? . if omeara 4 kid 's out there busting ‘his ss . diaz | do not blame he , to * get out okyour basement . something on a side street has catch he sation '' * , o'meara there Pov : long shot of a young dominican man with he foot through window jhfat he 's just kick in . o'méara cruise past the building line . now they move . ( continued ) 2nd salmon revision . date : 4/12/96 crurune # 94 ) 763 ext . cloister - day rev . 4/07/96 rmk a medieval castle perch above the Hudson river . a tour guide lead a group through . guide -- the cloister be dismantle stone by stone over a period of three year .. bring over and reassemble in 1839 .. rory pass behind the group to find megan look out over the Hudson , a profound sadness on she face . megan they catch he in Spain wait for a light .to turn green . . sas assassination squad .. rory look out into the distance . whatever emotion he be feel he push back . rory what be the order from belfast ? megan you be to put the deal on hold until they can sort thing out .. . rory I 'il give you back the money . megan the judge want you to sit on it ..he 's afraid if they be on to Martin they will trace it to he ... rory ( bitter ) a patriot through and through . . megan what do you do now ? rory wait and see . megan I see a advertisement .. in the Paper .. there 's this nursing school here in the City . rory nursing . here. uo ( continued ) 2nd salmon revision date : 4/12/96 763 continued : 1 megan aye . . here . rory there be this class , in school , where we would learn all the name of all the States and city here .. great sounding name . -. omaha .. he mimick a broad american accent . rory I always want to see what a omaha look like ..or a Alabama ... : megan or id-a-ho.. what do you think a Idaho look like . rory probably the same as a missi-ssip- pi .. : megan . Minnesota rory Arkansas .. great name .. he allow himself the moment of fantasy , and then .. rory +- maybe in another life . megan 's levity collapse . tear come to she eye . : '' megan . oh my God frankie .. Fighting they back , she take a deep breath and .. megan '' Martin be more careful than the lot of youse .. her tone be almost fierce , on the verge of anger . rory reach over and lay he hand on she arm . - megan see , I never use to tear up like this at home , you know . but now every time I get the news .. ( continued ) 2nd salmon revision - date : 4/12/96 763 continued : 2 - rory something in the air .. they stare at each other for a long moment , and then out into the distance across the River . 2nd pink revision date : 4/3/96 76k int , burke 's bar - night rev . 4/2/96 " burke be put the move on a very willing woman , when teddy tap he on the shoulder . burke look up to ro : come through the crowded room . burke 's instinct tighten he gut , but he manage a smile - as he whisper something in the woman 's ear , which please she . she rise with a 88 , and melt into the crowd , pass rory on the way . burke come up to rory , a look of condolence to go along with the tone on he voice . burke ( concerned ) I hear about Martin .. rory be a little surprised . burke bad news always travel fast ... be there family ? rory a wife .. two kid .. : burke I have like to send they something . . to help out .. . . rory it have be most appreciate , I be sure .. we have get to postpone . burke be catch unawares . but he recover quickly . burke sure ..no problem .. I understand how this thing go .. in 1 ] store the merchandise for you .. just bring I the money .. rory my people .. they want the money hold back until thing be sort out back home . another curve ball . before burke can respond , man from the bar call out , wave he over to join a group man billy .. burke ( congenial ) in a minute .. ( continued ) 2nd pink revision date : 4/3/96 76k continued : 1 his eye go right back to rory . rory offer no rory turn and bring he bl . burke : I will tell you rory .. I do feel bad about Martin and all .. but this be not soda can you ask I to get for you .. they be no deposit no return item .. I be out of pocket here for some serious dollar . . you be put I in a very awkward position . rory I be sorry Mr. burke .. that 's the way itis . '' more . burke take a long moment ... B naccept ) well .. if that 's the way it be .. that 's the way it be .. keep in touch . exit through the crowd . pass teddy ack and tan . burke 's expression stays fix only until rory be out of sight . 2nd goldenrod revision - date : 4/9/96 >i ane . webster hall - night rev . 4/05/96 rmk al a rock and roll joint pack to the rafter . a live band fill the place with raucous tune . a bevy of circus performer add . a felliniesque touch . trapeze artist . clown . Fire eater . sword swallower . midget . Giants . rory make he way through the traffic , skirt the dance floor , fill with gyrate couple , until he come to Sean and megan share a drink , a laugh , a good time . the sight of they so carefree tug at he heart . sean ( drunk ) come on and lighten a glass . he hand rory a glass of beer . sean to Martin .. megan and rory to Martin .. they clink glass . sean and we new life ... rory look at Sean . rory you be awful quick to give it up , be not you .. it 's not over .. it 's only on hold . : sean for Martin be the glue .. they 'il never put it back together without he ..( to megan ) will they ? by the look on she face rory can see she agree with Sean . the band break into a ballad . a great look girl pass ‘by ... sean hey darlin’ ! Sean grab the girl and go waltzing off . rory he 's drunk . megan how many year have it be since var aannnar 2nd goldenrod revision date : 4/9/96 set conrrnued : 1 rory fa it 's be awhile . tt 71 '' megan . come dance with I . she take he hand , and lead he into the crowd . as they | begin to dance megan lean into rory , rest she head on he shoulder , eye close , sway to the music . rory be stiff at first , but then something happen . he feel megan close to he . he allow himself to relax for a moment , to be hold ..to dream . omit omit 2nd salmon revision date : 4/12/96 79 k 79 int . rmp police cruiser - day rev . 4/07/96 rmk o*’ meara and diaz be cruise the neighborhood . o' meara at the wheel . as diaz talk , o'meara 's eye scan the street . diaz here 's the way I figure .. three more year .. I get my pension in the bag .. then if I can pick up this lease on that bar I be tell you about .. down in pr.. hey , you know you want to throw some money in .. o'meara Eddie what do I know about the bar business . . diaz you be irish be not you ? in the distance they Pov : a 23 year old dominican break in the window of a vehicle with a short metal bar . diaz jump out of the car , leave he radio behind . : . : o'meara Eddie ! the radio ! too late . diaz be already run down the block , he gun out , he radio leave behind . rushed , o'meara pick up the radio . o'meara Central .. this be 35 sgt .. we get . a 10 -22 gla in progress on 213 off Broadway .. give I a 10 - 85 one unit on the back . _cut to : int . car ~ day rev.4/10/96 rmk the thief can not get the radio out . in frustration he kick '' open the glove compartment , rifle through . nothing . he run he hand under the seat , and come up with a small leather case , which he unzip to find ..a revolver ! cuT to : 1 2nd salmon revision date : 4/12/96 ‘798 ext . STREET - day o' meara see the thief exite the car with the gun in hand . he hit the brake , at the same time that he jump out . o'meara gun !! Eddie ! gun !! the car keep roll foward . a car come up behind . o' meara on the narrow street , block he . o' meara try to control the car in the grow chaos . | the cruiger roll past diaz . o' meara be half in , half out of the move car when . . diaz Police !! freeze !! the thief hearing o'meara , see diaz , fire two wild shot at diaz . diaz dive between two park car . o' meara 's car roll into a park car . o' meara jump up , and run after the thief who have take off . - o'meara Eddie ! key ! Radio ! a moment later both cop be run in pursuit ... o' meara behind the thief , Eddie on the far side of the street . o' meara see the thief toss the gun down a stairwell , and head up a alley . o' meara go after the gun . he surface , the thief 's gun in hand , just as Eddie run past , turn the corner into the alley . o'meara Eddie I get the gun ! I get the .. bang ! bang ! . : close on : o'meara 's face . his ‘heart stop . he race forward , sprinting up the alley , he gun , and the thief 's gun in hand ... to a chill sight . diaz stand over the body of the fall thief , gun train on the prone body , as blood leak out of two bullet hole in the dead man 's back . his face turn sideways , he blank . eye stare into infinity . — o * meara 's breath catch . o'meara oh Jesus .. in the back .. you shot he in the back ! diaz he shot at we ! ( continued ) 2nd salmon revision date : 4/12/96 798 ° continued : 1 we : o'meara he do not have the gun ! I have it ! he toss it ! . . diaz turn white , as o'meara hold out the thief 's gun . . . diaz oh shit .. there be a long tense moment , a silence stretch forever between the two man until diaz reach out pull the gun from o'meara 's hand . o' meara 's breathe become labor . he glare at diaz , spin , walk away fast . : diaz where you go man ? o'meara spin back on diaz..his Pov . the thief " 's gun be now on the ground , right by the thief 's hand . he glare at diaz . o'meara ( angry , flustered ) I gotta get a bus ! I gotta get the - car ! I gotta get the radio ! he look at the body on the ground , and the gun lay next to it , and then up to diaz . diaz the fucker shot at we Tommy ! o' meara 's rage and confusion swirl inside he head until he think it be go to explode . he turn and stride away . 80 " the devil own " 56 . goldenrod revision date : 2/22/96 diaz put the gun down beside the dgad man . dessie there , now its back whgre it belong . he fuck shot at we man . ext . STREET - night . siren and ught flood the scene . c4 ps , ambulance everyw 5 around the coxpse . ext . columbia presbyterian emergency room - night a ambulance depart , light flash , as o'meara and diaz exit the ambulance and walk toward the emergency room entrance . camera move closer to they as they wal and talk diaz you gonna do the right thing here . if you be wtching you would think o'meara be ask diaz the time of day : ( continued ) " the devil own " 7 . 87 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 7 80 continued : - 80 o'meara * you should not have shot he . * / diaz . listen , he shot at we . no mother fuck thief be : , gonna get tt the drop on I . * o' meara say nothing . ' , : * diaz : . what be you go to do ? . they enter . . . : : . 80a int columbia presbytarian emergency bathroom - night 80a * o' meara be by the sink , stripped to the waist . he scrub he arm fastidiously , almost manic . he rinse he arm off , dry they . he smell he hand . he wash again . . * . chief kelly ( oc ) here 's sergeant o'meara ? chief kei you alright , Tom ? , 7 '' o'meara nod . . chiet . Kelly look at - biaz . diaz stand - éfect nervously . a chief kelly you the shooter ? erence aera nner ( continued ) 2nd salmon revision date : 4/12/96 ‘60b int , precinct ~ day rev . 4/07/96 rmk g0c the mood be tense , as it be after any shoot . ' cop mill around talk in small group . brass come in and out . CUT to : . int . captain office - day rev . 4/07/96 rmk o' meara sit alone , deep in think . through the window the life of the precinct swirl around . the door open chief jame kelly enter . . kelly ( solicitous ) Tommy .. you alright ? o' meara look up in a daze to Kelly hold out a cup of coffee . o'meara guy take a couple of pop at we .. diaz shot he . kelly he 's on the way back from trauma now .. when I hear it be you involved I want to be here . he hand o'meara the coffee . kelly sorry we could not make Morgan 's confirmation .. Mary Anne send flower . o'meara we get they .. they be nice . . kelly listen.. you just take a few mintue -- when you be ready they be go to take you statement . o'meara thanks Jim .. kelly we be go to be 0.k. on this Tommy . it be more of a question than a statement . Kelly fix o'meara with a look , try to decipher anything that might not be ..0. K. o' meara hold he gaze firmly . 2nd salmon revision date : 4/12/96 80c continued : 1 o'meara yeah .. it be a clean shoot . Kelly pat o'meara on the shoulder and exit . o' meara look around the room . his eye light on a line of officer 's photo on the wall .. photo of cop kill in the line of duty . o' meara breath out , collect himself , steeling himself for what lay ahead . mo cuut to : 80d int . captain office - day rev . 4/07/96 rmk o' meara be in the midst of he statement . a tape recorder be . go . o'meara we give pursuit .. the perp fire two shot at we .. officer diaz return fire .. and then I observe the decease on the ground ... o' meara take a moment ... . o'meara -- he gun next to he right hand . . I move the gun away .. just in case .. I go to my car call for back up , and a ambulence ..1 I secure the area .. o' meara stop , everyone look around , satisfied . the tape recorder be turn off . Kelly look around at all the other in the room , rise , a signal for all the rest . this interview be over . . . he approach o'meara , help he rise , walk he to the door . kelly you do good Tommy .. they '1l be a Grand jury , of course .. but we will be 0.k . you talk to Sheila yet ? o'meara not yet . kelly best do it in person .. you need a lift ? _ ( continued ) 2nd salmon revision date : 4/12/96 80d continued : 1 o'meara no.. I be good .. thanks for come down . Kelly pat he on the shoulder . kelly call if you need I . the door open . diaz , accompany by a pba rep stand there . the two man lock eye for a moment . Kelly see the interchange . kelly you diaz ? diaz yes sir .. the perp shot .. kelly ( sharp ) this you pba delegate ? Kelly look at the delegata . diaz yes sir . kelly - , do not he tell you you do not have . to give a statement for 48 hour ? diaz yes sir . . kelly take he advice . . Kelly touch o'meara on the shoulder . kelly call if you need I Tommy . ' Kelly reenter the office , close the door . diaz and o'meara stare at each other for a moment . o' meara break it off , and head out of the precinct . CUT to : 80e " the devil own " 59 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 : . int o'meara house kitchen - night 80e * it 's late . Bridget , Morgan , Annie and rory sit around the table , they be play card , oldmaid . Annie manage to pass the Old maid ( Queen of heart ) card on to rery , she squeal with delight . * the phone ring . . * Bridget get it . , * BRIDGET . dad ... Mom 's out close . rory 's here . . Bridget turn to rory . * BRIDGET . dad want to talk to you . * rory take the phone , listen . * rory : * sure . * rory hang the phone up . * bay close . ( continued ) '' uu dailmon revision date : 4/12/96 | o'meara no .. I be good .. thanks for come down . : '' , i Kelly pat he on the shoulder . '' kelly call if you be I . . '' $ for the door openg . diaz , accomp any by a pba rep stand there . the two man lotk eye for a moment . Kelly sfe the interchange . % 2 } ( sharp ) ft this you pba , | Kelly look at the aeregasé . > of kelly | sant : dig a't he tell : you you dd y't have to ’give a statement for 4 hour ? for i '' yes 's 2 i? diaz '' yes sir . of ; kelly '' take he advice . Kelly touch o'meara on the shoulder . | ae relly | call if you need I Tommy . | olly reenter the office , close the door . diaz and o'meara '' stare at each other for a moment . o' meara break it off , and | head out of the precinct . 80r ext . precinct - day rev . 4/10/96 rm k o'meara be about to enter he car when diaz come run up to he . ( continued ) 2nd salmon revision date : 4/12/96 -80r continued : 1 diaz . Tommy . . o' meara turn . diaz so..how would it go in there ? _o'meara ( tight ) Fine ... he turn to he car . diaz fine..what. do that mean ? Fine .. o'meara you shot he in the back Eddie . .he be run away ..he do not have a gun .. diaz he shot at we man ! : o'meara revenge be not police business Eddie ! I be not in the revenge business ! . diaz but you cover for I , right ? o' meara glare at diaz , say nothing . gets. in he car , and drive away . - : '' gk omar 2nd goldenrod revision date : 4/9/96 82 int . mccool 's bar - night rev . 4/09/96 rmk o’ meara sit at the bar drunk . rory come up to he . rory so what be it we be celebrate here ? o'meara . another day of brilliant police work . rory the good guy win . o’'meara the good guy shot a unarm kid in the back . o' meara lift he glass and drain it in one shot . o’meara let 's go home . $ 3,844 owt — _ o' meara have he head back , he eye close . as rory drive down the belt Parkway on the way to the vefrazzano bridge . o’meara 23 year I get up every morning and I strap a gun on and I go to work .. I never give it a think .. it be just .. there .. the badge . . the bracelet .. the gun . F rory Big boy rule . o' meara look at he quizzically . rory you pick up a gun , one day you be go to shoot someone or get shot e by someone . something in rory 's tone tip o'meara . he open he eye , regards rory for a moment . o'meara who be you ? ~en rory be silent for a moment ... 2nd goldenrod revision date : 4/9/96 85 continued : 1 rory ( deflect ) I be a leprechaun come to see you safely home . o’ meara sense something else beneath the surface . he be about to speak . , o’meara pull over .. rory go o'meara go green : he pull the’ car onto the shoulder of the road , right by the verranzano Bridge . o’ meara stagger out of the car , and with the traffic whizzing by , vomit up the content of he stomach . rory watch over he , solicitous . when he be finish rory hand he a handkerchief . rory feel better ? o’meara no. rory in the morning then .. o’meara you ever have something that you know would sit right here forever .. he touch the middle of he chest . . rory for when I be eight some man come into we house and shot my Da dead in front of we . o’ meara stare at rory , stunne . rory he be a lawyer .. use to defend people who do not necessarily agree with the way thing be .. o’meara Jesus .. rory for a long time that one sit with vote I right here . ahast 2nd goldenrod revision _ date : 4/9/96 85 continued : 2 o'meara do they ever catch they ? rory you mean be there a happy end to it all ? it 's a irish story Tom .. there be no happy ending .. rory walk back to the car . o' meara watch he , unmindful of the traffic whizzing by . . CUT to : 87 ext . o’meara 's house - night rev . 4/09/96 rmk o' meara and rory exit the car . o’ meara stop to straighten himself . he look at he house . o’meara after we buy this place .. for the first two year .. I would lay awake at night and wonder what the hell we have get ourselves into.. funny how thing work out .. rory you have a lovely family . . o’meara yeah .. I be lucky . rory luck of the irish . o’ meara for could be you luck . rory stare at o'meara , then scan the block . it be not a bad think . . o'meara that 's a american story . rory smile briefly . o'meara I better get to bed .. rory I think I x11 stay out a bit . o' meara head for the house . ( continued ) 2nd goldenrod revision date : 4/9/96 87 continued : 1 o'meara at home you drive on the opposite side of the road . rory , aye .. o*meara you do pretty good for drive on we side . ' rory my first time . o’ meara hesitates for a moment . o'meara thanks for the lift . rory do not mention it . he look at rory , and enter the house . rory lean against the car , look at o’meara 's house , look up and down the block . he breathes out deeply . : E , £ 4,90 , 4 '' omit 92 93 " the devil own " : 64 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2286 omt ext . gramercy park - day 92 rory carry a huge bouquet of flowers the color visible through the clear wrapping . he go up t toa handsome federalist townhouse . ext . townhouse - day : 93 rory ring doorbell , bouquet in hand . the door open , revealing a uniform may . rory for Mr. Peter fitzsimmon . he hand she the flower , a gift envelope tie to they , address to fitzsimmon .. he hand she a slip to sign . as she sign it , he see : through the door a rather grand entrance hail with a tall staircase . a small child play on the staircase . a atttractive young nanny come down the stair . nanny ( to child ) come on now . time to take you bath . she have a Northern irish accent identical to rory 's . as she take the child by the hand she look down at rory . for a moment she seem surprised . rory smile politely at she and be about to say something when she turn around and go upstairs with the child . the may hand he back the slip .. maid thank you . the door shut . rory' p.o.v . - the townhouse - day fitzsimmon appear in a second story window , look at he and nod , then turn away . 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 " the devil own " 65 . goldenrod revision date : 2/22/96 omit - 9 a " omt 95 ° omit 96 " omit . / 97 " omit , 98 " omit 99 ° ext . the upper east side - day : 100 " a cold day on the Central Park side of sth Avenue . a woman with two dog * walk south , past the Metropolitan Museum of Art . closer it 's the long haire young nanny from fitz 's apartment . one hand keep a tight leash on the dog . the other wheel a carry - on suitcase , the kind with the extendable handle . a figure cross into frame from behind slowly catch up until he be walk beside she . it 's rory , hand dig deep into he pocket . he glance around to see if anyone be fotlowing . rory ( act like a guy on a date ) . sorry I be late . * he give she a light kiss as if she 's he girl . ° nanny ( continue the pretense ) you be always late and | always forgive you . he put he arm around she and she lean into he . ( continued ) " the devil own " .. . 66 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 100 continued : ~ nanny God what | would have give - for you to do that when | be fourteen . he look bewilder . she whisper to he : . nanny . , you do not have the slight idea , do you ? he study she face . after a bit : nanny I be gerard Thompson 's sister . she smile she assent , wait for she name , he can not remember . megan it 's megan . rory megan ? megan | remember you hide out in we house .. rory you have a great family , what about Don ? megan he 's five more to do . what 's in the bag ? rory money . megan laugh . , megan do not you know it be not safe in Central Park . rory it 's safer than the Falls Park . megan | want to help you frankie . ( continued ) 100 100 4101 102 102a 102b " the devit own " goldenrod revision date : 2/2286 continued : ( 2 ) rory you will not say that name to anyone will you . megan never . honest if you need any help , come and get I . rory thanks , | know you mean it . 67 . the dog stop to sniff out a squirrel . rory reach over , grab the handle of the wheeled carry - on . they continue walk , only now with rory pulling the case . she turn at the corner of 82nd . cross 5th Ave , leave he stand alongside the park . ext . o'meara house - day rory approach , carry the suitcase . he enter the empty house . int . the basement - moment later - day at the basement door rory jam the back of a wooden chair under the doorknob , walk back , stand on the bed and remove several acoustic panel from the drop ceiling . he take the airline bag full of . money and stashes the bag out of sight above the ceiling panel , and drop the other back into place . ext police academy - day o' meara walk on 20th Street and enter the Police Academy int police academy gym - day the box section of the gym . peopie work out in front of mirror , on light and heavy bag , with jumprope . Chief James Kelly bang at a heavy bag . ( continued ) 100 101 102 102a * 1026 " " the devil own " 68 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 102b continued : '' . : 1028 o' meara walk to he ... support the bag with he body . Kelly bang it at a leisurely pace . so kelly someone from the neighborhood walk into the d.a.s office whatever he 's say , it contradict you '' ee ee story . : o'meara * maybe he 's lie . * Kelly be impassive . he bang a extra-hard hook to the bag . * he step away from the bag . * kelly . . the d.a. want diaz . they will let you walk . the . department will not fight you pension . * a pause . : : : * o'meara so they ask you to roll I over . kelly | ask they for the chance . they will prosecute for perjury and obstruction of justice . on this one Tommy ... tun . you have get you twenty in . out on half pay at you age be not so awful . +e eee the reality sink into o'meara . * kelly . * / you do not have a choice . : * 102c ext . montauk harbor-day 102c * rory and Sean work on the boat . rory check the winch . Sean be speedy , *- skip around more than usual . * sean lf ... what do you mean you hear nothing from home !. : * rory . * ( now angry ) * listen , there be no word to be have . no * ( more ) ( continued ) 103 104 " the devil own " : 69 . . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 102c continued : '' '' rory ( cont would ) communication , that 's the order , they will be there on the day .. sean uo have you get the money . they have to know you get the money . : rory I do not trust that scumbag . sean they have look after I . rory so | can see . sean what do you mean ? rory i mean you better stay in a few night , Sean , this be no time to loose you edge . .sean nl be alright . rory check the winch : rory everything look okay . he check some chart . rory it 's a high tide on Wednesday . that 's good , we will have more time to load up and get out of the harbor . he look at Sean who fake a look of agreement . omit ext . gift shop - day a small shop on montauk Main Street through the window we see , ( continued ) 102c 103 '' 104 | 104 106 '' ine devil uwn " : 70 . Tan revision date : 3/2996 continued : rory at a counter with a saleslady int . real estate office - day Sheila be on the phone close a real estate deal . sheila Mrs. allison ? Sheila o'meara ..1 have good - news for you .. the bank have approve the loan .. I have set the close for Monday .. that 's right .. no it be my pleasure .. you too .. : as Sheila hang up the phone , she look up to o'meara stand in front of she , obviously in pain , despite the smile on he face . Sheila hit she intercom . sheila Betty , I be take my lunch . cutto : int . diner - day a waiter have just take Sheila 's order . he look at o'meara who be stare at the menu , he mind a million mile away . : sheila Tom ? o' meara look up , food the last thing on he mind . sheila can we have another minute ? e the waiter disappear . Sheila take o'meara 's menu from he . o'meara 1 that Lopez kid ..he do not have a gun in he hand when he be shot ..he toss it .. - . sheila what ? o'meara it be nut out there .. Eddie do not see he toss it ..1 have the gun when he shot he .. it be a wrong call . ( continued ) 104 105 * the re " the devil own " : 70a . Tan revision date : 3/2996 106 continued : / 106 sheila so..so you cover for he . o'meara | lie about how it go down .. now the d.a. 's get a witness ... sheila oh Jesus .. o'meara and we all get to tell we story to the Grand jury . sheila what 's go to happen Tom ..how do it end ? o'meara it end here .. with I .. I be take my pension ..l be retire . sheila ( angry ) . 23 year .. you never take money , you never abuse you power , you never treat anyone unfairly ... o'meara ! treat that dead kid unfairly ... sheila he shot at you ! . o'meara - and then he drop the gun ..he do not know what the hell he be do ..he be steal a radio for christ sake .. you do not get kill for steal a radio . sheila ( quietly ) Tom .. it 's terrible he 's dead .. but there 's not a cop on the street who do not make a mistake .. and you do not make it .. Eddie do . o'meara I lie ! do not you understand ! ( continued ) * + + + ee teat tee be 106 " the devil own " : . : 70b . Tan revision date : 3/2996 . . continued : ( 2 ) he catch himself o'meara : sorry .. look .. there be thing | say | would never do .. sheila one time .. you do it one time .. that do not mean ..- . o'meara who know sheel ..| can not do the job that way .. I be do be a cop . sheila but you love it . o’meara | love you .. I love the kid ..] love what we have together .. ido not love be a cop anymore ..! just do not . Sheila take a long moment to adjust to the sudden leave turn she life have take ... sheila you know i be probably the only irish girl in queen who do not want to marry a cop . o'meara why do not you tell I this before | propose ? sheila you never would have propose . CUT to : 106 107 108 109 110 " the devil own " 71 . Tan revision date : 3/296 : int . o'meara's car - drive - day 107 Sheila 's head be on he shouider . ext . the front of the omeara house -ashorttimelater-day 108 the car brake to a stop . int . the car - same time - day oe 109 they both peer at the house . no sign of the second car . o’meara Coast look clear . the car door OPEN simultaneously they hurry together down the front sidewalk . they skip up the front porch . o' meara slip in he key . turn . pushes inside . int . o'meara house - day 110 wham ! wham ! , o'meara be whacked on the side of the head twice with a gun . he goe down on all four , day . the masked burglar # 1 who just rapped o'meara now cover Sheila 's mouth with he hand and pin her against the wall . ( continued ) " the devil own " : 72 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 110 continued : ° : 110 ruthless , overtheedge . the masked man point the gun a inch in front of Sheila 's eye , force she *- to look into the barrel . indicate for she to be silent . : * Sheila nod , yes . he remove he hand from she mouth and clutches she hair hard , gun barrel still in she face . : with he foot he push the daze o'meara onto he side and deliver two hard kick to the gut , immobilize he further . another masked burglar come down the staircase . a third emerge * from the basement . both take in the sight of the hostage . close two - shot of sheila and masked man # 1 , pull she head back by the hair . he press against she body . more a groan than normai voice ... o’meara leave she alone . the second burglar deliver a kick to o'meara 's gut , then , crash ! a million shard of glass explode into frame , along with a long handle garden shovel thrust like a lance through the window pane . it hit the lookout at the top of he spine , . : drive he fifteen feet across the live room . he sprawls , face down , he gun skittering across the floor . Sheila tumble , drag down by the he grip on she hair . rory leap through the window tackle the first burglar , roll he into the live room as o'meara upend the second burglar . sending he .45 pistol spinning across the floor ( continued ) 110 " the devil own " 73 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 . , continued : ( 2 ) 110 everyone regains they foot . two separate , rough and tumble fight ensue , with flying fist , elbow and knee rory be lock with he opponent face to face , arm pin to he side by the bigger man . the irish streettighter tilt back , then snap he head forward , smashing the first burglar' nose now he yank the burglar' jacket over he head , immobilize he arm . bam bam bam a series of uppercut rock the burglar' face while nearby o'meara fight the second burglar . * the daze burglar # 1 stumble to he foot , see * sheila cradling the phone . she punch in three number . - sheila help ! send.help ! twenty two forty Cornelia Avenue ... masked burglar # 1 yank the phone out of the wall . * she holler into the dead phone : sheila hurry ! reach for he gun . presses it to sheila' head . o' meara and rory freeze . fling sheila across the room . masked burglar face the wail ! face it ! ( continued ) 110 " the devil own " 74 , - goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 continued : ( 8 ) she sprawis into o'meara 's arm , as the three of they turn and face the wall . the burglar pull out one of that mariboro Zippo lighter , flick it on . rory look back over he shoulder , and see burglar sets FIRE to the drape he wait , watch it catch fire , then all three burglars exit the house . rory and o'meara rush over , rip down and stomp the burning drape together until the fire be put out . o' meara and rory exchange a long look of relief and mutual respect mix with thanks on o'meara 's part . o' meara go over to Sheila . hug and comfort she . through the live room window they see two police cruiser light flashing , no siren pull up to the curb . o' meara start to move out of Sheila 's grasp . o'meara ml just let they know — she cling to he , will not let go , so ... they walk together out the front door . rory' Pov ( still inside ) : the cop jump out , gun draw . o' meara raise he hand to signal " it 's okay . '' rory turn , move to the big .45 pistol on the floor , pick it up and disappear through the doorway 110 1114 112 114 " the devil own " 75 . goldenrod revision date : 2/2296 int . the basement - day : 111 rory quickly check the basement ceiling be intact , then leave by the storm * door . ' * int . the live room - a very short time later - day 112 o'meara be talk to one to the uniformed cop who respond to the call : o’meara . {t 's off the wall . this guy be not crackhead . what be they do on a B and E in the middle of the afternoon ? they be not walk off with the tv 's . uniformed cop ( shrug ) we will let the detective answer that one . o' meara 's attention be catch by something outside . o'meara's Pov : through the window rory walk off briskly down the street . reaction shot a puzzle o'meara , suspicion already creeping in . int . o'meara house - night - one hour later 113 on the couch the girl have return and be consol Sheila . in fact Sheila be consol the girl as. well . meanwhile ... fingerprint guy dust , talk among themselves . a carpenter fit a piece of plywood over the break window . int . the kitchen - night 114 " be speak to a detective , late forty , italian -look . . ( continued ) 114 " the devil own " : . 76 . goldenrod revision - date : 22296 / continued : - detective any sign of - booming voice ~ ignorant staten island criminals ... a tall man in a Captain 's uniform enter . this be captain quinn . / quinn . break into a cop 's house ? hello o'meara . Sheila seem okay . ( beat ) $ so where 's the lad , the irish hero ? o’meara must have wander off . quinn pull o'meara to the side . quinn you have not get any crazy colombian mad at you ? o' meara give a firm headshake , no . quinn Middle of the day and they be not teenager . seem weird . o' meara shrug dismissively . o'meara ' who know . the world get crazier every day . 114 Kelly pull o'meara to the side , : kelly you have not get any crazy colgg mad at you ? o' meara giva a headshake , no . — ii ext nondesorpt loft bulding -n : night 118 it 's be convert to live loft . rory enter . 116 int . loft build - night rory scan the five or six name on the mailbox and continue j chi 98 the staircase . thera be one apartment per floor . he stop onthe second floor . ring . wait . the psephoie open , then the door open , to veal , . . sean _ ( tail inside ) - wait back in the bedroom , tuv . I have get a bit of private business . they wait a moment Sean give a big wink , then open the door wi. eal to rory : 116 int , burke' office = pay rev . 3/27/96 rmk the door open . rory walk in . calm as a spring day . burke look up from he ledger . rory regards a thug with a black eye who come to attention as rory sit down opposite burke . for a long moment rory and burke stare at each other . then .. rory what 's this all about ? burke say nothing . rory T ask you a question Mr. burke . '' stir nothing .. without warning , rory swing he gun around and .. boom !! he blow a cap into the thug 's knee . the thug go down . thug 1 aaahhh ! 1! rory swing the gun on burke . burke . look .. you do not come here to kill I .. I know you be perfectly capable of do it but no I .. no missle .. and we both know you be not go to jeopordize .. the cause .. over a family of stranger .. rory keep they out of this . burke . I do not put ‘em in it .. you do - «-listen .. I be a businessman . . and 's this be how it work .. money come in .. money go out .. if more go out than come in , I be out of business .. I just want . my money . rory I tell you the situation . burke yes , well , I think Sean would like to talk to you about that . ~ rory I 'il give he a call then . burke well you could give he a call .. if he be home .. but he 's not home . ( continued ) 2nd pink revision date : 4/3/96 116 continued : 1 there be no mistake burke 's meaning . rory 's mouth tighten , slightly . burke and if you ever want to see he again .. burke hold he hand out . burke give I the gun . rory hesitates . ' burke can I show you something ? I be just _go to reach down here .. as rory 's gun follow he , burke reach behind the desk slowly , and come up with .. Sean 's leather jacket . he toss . fhe jacket on the desk , watch rory ' 's reaction . relishing burke : you know I be not bullshit you .. come on rory devaney . : with great reluctance , rory hand over the gun . burke Atta boy .. now come on .. let 's go see old sean.. and pink revision date : 4/3/96 116a ext . alley - pay : rev . 4/1/96 rmk as the camera pan from above burke lead a wary rory through . a junk strewn alley . : burke i_ keep say I be gonna get this clean up but I never do .. rory look around at the shadow , try to keep sharp , alert . burke it 's not my nature to let thing stay messy .. I like thing neat .. orderly .. burke come to the rear end of a car park under a tunnel lead to the darken street beyond . from the shadow teddy and two of he thug emerge , armed . burke resolved .. burke pop the trunk of the car to reveal .. sean. gag , truss , terrify . ignited , rory go to move . on of the thug . raise he gun to rory 's head , stop he cold . teddy raise Sean 's hand from inside the trunk . it be bloody , mangle . two finger chop off . os rory be impotent , enraged . teddy flip Sean 's hand back in the trunk . burke slam the trunk of the car , hit it once . the car take off down the tunnel , disappear down the street . burke go get my money .. we will do the deal .. as you can see time be of the essence , , burke hand rory back he gun , and with the smugness of a man in control walk back down the alley . 44 int . sean's apartment - night : at a sexy woman slink away , into the bedroom . the furnishings be that of a poor boy who have -recently come into money for the very first time , with top of the line stereo equipment , etc . rory look around ' the entire place . rory this be the few dollar in you pocket , be it . sean not a tuppence on credit . all fully pay for . rory motion toward the rear bedroom , : . =: rory and she ? sean ( smile ) Cash and carry , too . a silence while rory examine the stereo for a bit , then : rory I need you at my back when | take delivery . sean why ? . rory ' that tub of blarney bullshit you work for send fookin’ thug into the o'meara house to steal my money . sean ( shocked ) Jesus Christ . . rory it be like be back in a flat on the Falls Road . ( continued ) continued : : : it sean ( wryly ) not much to be say for that , be there . ( beat ) . billy burke . | oughten to be surprised . but | be . rory I will ask you a blunt question , Sean , a brief wave of concern pass over Sean 's face . " rory ( off the surroundings ) you loyalty be all in order , be they ? : ' sean _- I will be there at you -back in two more °° day , and I will not hold that question against you , frankie . rory good , sean you have feathered yourself a cozy little nest over there . will you yank adopt you when this be over ? rory they be good people . sean it 's what make they . dangerous . you know the rule , frankie . emotional tie and all that . rory ( reflectively ) what 's the last emotional tie either one of we have have ? : Sean 's mood lighten . . sean ( motion to bedroom ) ! be busy form one when you walk ( more ) sit ( continued ) 447 continued : 22 } sean ( contd ) in . ( beat ) look at the bright side of thing . they do not get the money . a silence while rory study he hard . Sean be not comfortabie . rory who tell you that ? Sean 's face betray confusion and guilt . he try a smile . ' sean well you do . you do when you come in . they almost get my money , you say . rory shake he head no . sean you must have do . | do not get it out of thin air . a silence while Sean squirm . rory ( cold ) sold I out for money ? you traitorous bastard . Sean 's tone shift to anger . : sean - I be no traitor . it be not I try to take the money . - rory it be . you send they . Sean 's guilt be obvious . he become resentful and angry . sean be no traitor . I want to live like a human be for ten fookin’ minute . rory ( livid ) 'f you would get that money , | could not make the purchase . ( continued ) > 147 continued : [ 31 7 . a sean that 's not what 's eat you . you have go dotty over peopie you be here to use . rory pull out he pistol . rory never again , Sean . '' he fire two shot , one into each kneecap . while Sean writhes on the floor , he exit . Sean pull himself to the phone , dial a number . a a ext . back of o'meara house : night a [ S cr ) the house be dark rory go in the back door . + a rex int , first floor of house - night ae a ko rory walk to the basement door . a. io a oo int , the basement - night , 412 '' rory turn on the light and waik down the stair . he get to the bottom of the stair and see o'meara on the other side of the room . o' meara do not take he eye off he . o'meara who be you ? rory do not answer . o'meara do you bring this into my home ? silence again . o'meara ( beat ) you do not come from any life on the farm . do you ? it be all lie , everything you toid we . be not it ? - ( continued ) 120 a be continued : silence , i rory ! be raise in belfast . my father be a lawyer , a good man who defend that they do not want defend . so they kill he . | be eight year old when they break into we house and shot he in front of you eye . | be a child . so you know what | do ? | close my eye and wish with all my might for the U.S. cavalry to come , John Wayne and he lad , all dress in blue , gallopin ' down the fail Road , comin’ to thrash the bastard . but they shot he again and again and nobody come . . o'meara that do not give you ' the right to bring it into my house ! rory no. no indeed ... o'meara you can not stay here . rory nod . o' meara decide . o’meara ( cont ) Monday . take tomorrow to find a place . ( pause ) this silence be no longer tense , just uncomfortable . rory break it , rory my feeling for you , for all of you ... none of that be a fie . int . o'meara kitchen = early morning 121 ' o' meara , the only one awake , pour orange juice for himself . the phone ring . : o'meara hello . ( continued ) continued : a ind =~ be kelly ( vo ) Thomas , it 's Kelly . could you be here at eight o'clack ? o’meara sure , what be it ? kelly come down . Il fill you in , 122 ext . one police plaza - day + ina Long shot of o'meara crossing the cold , desert plaza . he enter the building . 423 int . hallway of one police plaza - day a 3 o' meara exit the elevator , then through a door mark deputy inspector jame kelly , through a deserted outer office , into ... int . kelly office - day ize mn o' meara enter , scan , go into cop -wary mode . along with Kelly be three unfamiliar men . kelly sit down , Thomas . he chair he indicate be not really part of the group . it 's sort of face they all . o' meara sit . . '' camera pan across two bright - and -shiny face . friendly enough . kelly Marc Benjamin . Art ferris . supervise chief with the Bureau . o'meara the Bureau ? ( continued ) 124 continued : = nn no introduction for the third man , whose face we do not see . he 's lack down , peruse a report . / kelly and this be Harry Spencer . the third man look up . he flash a pleasant smile and a nod . nothing more . o' meara look back to ferris and benjamin . o’meara FBI ? this shoot have not become a civil rights violation , have it ? kelly no. ferris hand o'meara a photo . insert : a photo of rory five year younger , smiling for the camera , a pretty girl beside he . : ferris do you know this man ? o’meara rory devaney . he 's stay with we for awhile . " he look at they questioningly . cautious . o’meara what 's this all about ? , ferris nod to Spencer , who hand o'meara a dossier . all four study o'meara as he open it . | insert : mug shot , with prison number and " frank devoy . " o' meara study it intently . look up at they impassive face . o' meara 's face be a mixture of fright and wonder . ( continued ) = ry 124 — continued : [ 2 ] he turn to the next sheet . insert : photo of five british soldier in puddle of blood on a grim STREET , he turn to another , then start to flip through fast . insert : in rapid succession ... half a dozen grainy , captioned photo . blood . uniform . one blend into another . he rifftes the remain sheet like a deck of card . close the dossier . look up at the accusatory feds and brit . o' meara register a subdued horror . the Brit hand a file card to ferris , who read it aloud . ferris Francis rory mcguire , a.k.a . frankie mcguire , a.k.a . frankie the angel , bom 7- 27 - 66 belfast , Northern treland . from December 85 to September 89 , unit Commander , fail Road active service unit , belfast Brigade , provisional irish Republican Army . ( pause ) known to have personally take the life of over 18 member of the Crown . Security force . he set down the paper . .. o' meara give a little head shake of disbelief ... not of the fact but of life in general . the sadness of it . benjamin ( a edge of irony ) of course this all come as a great shock to you . : o’meara ( aware of the suspicion ) yes . it do . ( continued ) 12 o' meara study '' no answer . no answer . continued : [ 3 ] ks benjamin do you contribute to the ira ? legally , ! mean . o'meara no. ferris . you be unique . all the irish cop | know in New York go soft when it come to the ira . kelly that 's not only untrue , it 's bigote and it 's stupid . there be different politics on the job just like in the community . ferris neither of we have ever see it . kelly you culturally deprive midwest background get in the way . want to give I you theory on the Pope take over America ? ' benjamin mcguire bring something home the other night in a airline bag . any idea what it be ? he for a moment . o'meara you have be watch my house . o'meara how long ? o'meara ( quietly ) then you see the break - in , ( continued ) 124 continued : [ 4 ] o' meara look at all of they . o’meara you see we enter we house , know who be inside . o' meara shake he head in disgust , rise and go over to Benjamin angrily , grab he by the front of he shirt and hold he . : o'meara you son of a bitch . | oughta ... o' meara regains controt and let go . kelly Tom , they want you to keep you family out of the house this afternoon . they be bring himin . ferris he 's violent , probably armed . with a lot at stake . he will not go easy . '' extone police plaza day ~ wot atte tt ce 1 eara exit the building , stop at a phone , dial . ! for : o'meara : : , Sheila ? ( beat ) everything 's fine . listen i ' , close . | want you and the girl to ge : t he house in the next twen a i ' st I , : for for i i no . and do not ja : i leave . c ' | ~ Dow she. now . . t he hang up angefial another number . as the phone ring t '' camera boll back { 4 sopr€ ' see o'meara talk into the phone , but we can not hear he ... after af i fentence he hang up . walk purposefully across the quiet plaza . they er cae a ets ee ae pe ar ee ee 2nd goldenrod revision " date : 4/9/96 125 int . megan be room - night rev . 4/05/96 rmk megan be watch the news of the shootout , when there be a tapping on she window . she turn to rory . open the window , she let he in ... and then she see the blood soaking through he jacket . , megan oh God .. rory start to peel the jacket off to reveal a blood soak shirt underneath . rory it 's just a graze .. I be 0.k. rory see o'meara 's photo flash on the screen . rory he do not deserve this ..he 's a decent man that one . . megan I should get the judge . rory stop she . . rory we get no friend here . .help I with this . megan help he peel he shirt off . he run water from she tap onto he arm , Cleaning the wound . megan take a sheet and rip a strip off . : rory * I be leave for home tonight . I be go to run the boat right up they damn arse . megan you can not ! rory it 's what I be here for . megan no ! you be not here to die ! that 's not what you be here for ! it 's suicide ! . rory ( angry ) soe ' be it suicide when they run at the cannon in 1619 ? ( morey 2nd goldenrod revision . date : 4/9/96 125 continued : 1 rory ( cont would ) or when they rise up with nothing but a bunch of pitchfork and shovel in 17607 or during the Easter of 1916 .. if that 's what it take to get that british bastard off we back then .. yes ! I be commit suicide .. just like we be do for 600 bloody year . he look at she , he eye full of rage .. and conviction . ' megan then take I with you ! rory next time . but she know there will not be another time .. and so do he . she lean across the six inch divide they , and kiss he flush on the mouth . he kiss she back , and then part from she . . : she pull he back to she , as if hold he will keep he from what await he , protect he from he fate . megan just a while .. stay just awhile .. he hesitates .. and then take she in he arm . he bury he mouth on hers , press he body to hers . his goul . everything he have hold back for all the year , every passion he have deny himself . he pour it all into she . they begin to make love . furious , desperate , passionate love . 6 126 int / ext . in car - moving = day | & o' meara drive home . half a block from he house , he scan the street . o'meara's Pov : a park car in which two fb ! Men have the house under surveillance . a ny a my ext . o'meara house 2 day o' meara slowly climb the frant step . enter . 8 int . o'meara house - continuous - day = be o' meara walk through the dining room and into the kitchen . rory isn't there he quickly check the window . see nothing . then : unlocks the back door now he move toward the basement . stop at the hutch . take out something and slide it into he pocket . o' meara knock once , and enter . o’meara rory ? 's int , the basement - continuous - day rory stand on the bed , gun in he waistband , a ro a 0 he hand inside the open ceiling panel , ; he quickly pull the panel back in place , drop on to the bed and '' slip the gun under bunched - up bianket as o'meara enter rory look up from he half - pack duffie , which rest on the floor , rory . I will be leave today . ( continued ) 129 continued : . . i he motion toward three small gift - wrap box on the table . rory ( cont ) there be a couple of little thing for the girl . you will pass they along for I , will not you ? o'meara nod . as they talk rory continue to pack , take he thing out of the dresser and put they in the duffle o'meara sit down , : : rory do you ever hear the story of the outlaw chieftan , Red Hugh o'donnell ? o' meara shake he head no . rory ( cont ) take a british lord hostage so the rest of the brit would leave Ireland . oniy the brit break they word . attack Hugh 's camp . kill he wife . Red Hugh be so enraged he cut he hostage into little tiny piece and escape , sealing he fate as the scourge of Ireland . o' meara take this in . consider : o'meara so who 's the good guy ? rory Weil it 's not a american story , be it ? it 's a irish story . there be no good guy . God create man in his own image . except for the irish - we be the Devil 's own . : he lean toward the now overstuff duffle . have trouble Zipping it close . rory ( cont ) remarkable what one acquire after two month in this country . ( continued ) 129 continued : 12 } o'meara let I give you a hand . he walk to rory . o'meara ( cont ) squeeze it close , rory grasp the center of the duffle and squeeze it tight , bring the row of zipper tooth close . ' a handcuff snap onto rory' right wrist he pull up , try to break loose but o'meara be all over he , rory now face down on the bed , o'meara with one knee on he back . click . he slip the second bracelet on . rory sit up on the bed . stare at he captor . tries to read he face . rory you be a fierce man tom. ° o'meara I be try to save you life . rory be suddenly very clear , very focus . not the slight hint of hesitation or ~ doubt . - rory then what you be do be wrong . : I be fight a war , Tom . you be not the enemy . o'meara you kill eighteen british soldier . rory what the hell be brit do in my country , anyway ? ( cgnfinued ) ky ' continued : [ 3 ] a 1 . o'meara | could not answer that , rory but you be . you be take they side . right now . let I go . rory 's hand be maybe a foot from where the gun be bury beneath the blanket . , : o' meara grab he elbow . o’meara on you foot . he pull rory up . catch a split second stare at something just above o'meara 's head . : : o' meara look up . follow the angle of the stare to one of the ceiling panel , slightly ajar . with one eye on rory , o'meara jump uponthe bed and push the panel aside . he reach in , pull out the carry - on bag then jump down off the bed . o'meara be this what you friend be look for ? rory be blank - face . o' meara heft the bag . o'meara what 's inside , frankie ? couple pound of semtex ? cap ? fuse ? he spin around , his eye search for a hide place . o’meara what else you get down here ? " o' meara grab the bed mattress , and flip it on its side , ( continued ) 129 a ( my '' int . o'meara garage - a short time later - day ' continued : [ 4 ] a 12 clunk ! the sound of metal hit the floor . o' meara step over the frame , pull out the blanket and sees the beretta . stoop down and pick it up . o'meara in case you run into any british soldier ? o' meara zip OPEN the carry - on . rory it 's not you business Tom . o'meara you have make it my ... peer inside . doubietake . then dump the content onto the floor . two million dollar tumble out in band stack of hundred . : voice ( oc ) trick or treat . . they both look up at diaz at the bottom of the stair . he lower he gun . smile . diaz some kind a help you need . + a} jo o' meara open the car trunk . throw the carry - on bag inside . to rory : o'meara get in back . get down on the floor . flat . Eddie , you drive . he open the back door . rory stare at he . ( continued ) my i ak =y a continued : rory enter . lies down on the floorboard . the two cop get in front . o' meara hit the remote . the garage door open . they pull out . int / ext . drive past the house - day - 13 ° ~ " o'meara not too fast , hot deg . : they pass by one of the FBI vehicle . o' meara give a little salute . two mere vehicle appear through the windshield , head toward the house . they whiz by . o' meara turn around , look back through the rear window : six different vehicle suddenly converge upon the house FBI agent run out , head for all four side . " o'meara ( to diaz , sharply ) move. move . what be you wait for ? diaz hit the gas . they zoom away . the house disappear from sight . ls ig ) ind int / ext . the car - moving - day diaz drive . rory be sit up now in the back , still cuffed . they drive around the Municipal Building , then up Park row . traffic be terrible . a van move out , block they way . o’meara what 's the hold up ? diaz gridlock with that fuck truck . wait a minute ... diaz put the car in park , get out and waik up to the truck , shouting and gesticulate at the driver , after a beat : o'meara I be sorry . | have to do it . ( continued ) x [ eo ] ih continued : rory it do not matter now , do it ? a beat , then o'meara lean he head out the window and shout : o'meara ' hey , hurry it up ! : without warming , rory raise he leg and slam he heel into o'meara's head . he keep slamm he , again and again , kick he senseless . o' meara siump in the seat , moan , semi-conscious ... diaz stil ! remonstrate with the truck driver , unaware ... rory quickly search o'meara 's pocket , fi nos the key to the cuff and unlock they , then grab o'meara 's gun and : leap from the car just as diaz retum . diaz freeze , hand on he own gun . a beat , then diaz slowly start to draw . rory do not ! : diaz . go to hell ! rory no , wait , you do not under — diaz — go to hell ! rory do not ! please ! go to hell ! rory yes , I be sure | will . diaz draw and fire as rory do . --: ( continued ) 132 . continued : [ 21 diaz fall to the pavement , clutching he throat . rory grab at he side , where he 's be hit . he dash around to the trunk of the car and shoot out the lack . drop the gun in he pocket then pop the trunk open . he grab the bag of money . into frame , over the top of the trunk , a diving o'meara slam into rory , knock the money away . they fight . rory be focus on get away with the money , o'meara with stop he . in the distance , police car approaching they continue to exchange blow . rory rock o' meara one last time , send he sprawling on the ground beside diaz . the police car come closer rory see they ... and be force to run without the money . he slip off down a side street . o'meara crawl next to eddie who be stretch out on the cold pavement , right hand still clutching he weapon . : : o' meara reach out a hand and finger the gold cross that hang just beneath the fatal neck wound . he feel beneath diaz 's shirt , touch the keviar vest _ that be useless in save he life . in a instant , the patrolmen be all over the place walky talky crackling with the news . patrolman # 1 Sir , can you hear I ? can you understand what I be say ? the ambulance be on its way . o’meara ( in a fog ) I 'macop . he 'sa cap . we be cop . in 183 int . near south STREET seaport - day evita it rory , move along the street , see several police car creep toward he from different direction , check out people . there be numerous Sunday tourist for the seaport . he meld into the crowd for a bit and stop at a stand sell hat . buy one and put it on . he move to a stand where a peruvian sell alpaca sweater . buy one . he duck into : : . ' = bs — ny int . restaurant - day with rory in the men' room , where he leave he jacket hang on a stall hook . he undoe he shirt and fold it over he bleed shoulder , then pull on the sweater , 135 ext , under manhattan bridge - dusk 43 : rory , now in a different . set of clothes , stand among half a dozen homeless people gather around a fire blaze into a 55 gallon drum . a pass police car pay no attention to he . a ud io js on int . one police plaza = night ast two detective surround o'meara in the wide open office area . lot of background action . . they be take note . this do not feel quite like a interrogation . more like a serious talk , detective # 1 how do it work ? o’meara I sponsor a young irish immigrant . end of story . a uniformed female of ficer walk by detective # 1 hey ! you get my bulletin ? ( continued ) = sy ls ns continued : 0 female officer a.p.b. issue . the file photo 's out and run . and so be she . the detective lean over to watch , detective # 1 - Nice ass . . : o'meara ( offended ) you know maybe | get the wrang department . | think this be homicide . he stand up . detective # 2 put 4 protective arm on o'meara 's shoulder . quietly : detective # 2 sergeant , if you do not sit down , and give I something to beat back the fed , they be go to be wiping they ass with you uniform . Kelly or no Kelly . o' meara sit . speak slowly , as if he be repeat . o'meara he be pack to leave . so | call my - partner . get the suspect handcuff with the intent to book he right here , in this Offices . detective # 1 shame it do not work - out - that way . ext . fitzsimmon's house - night . : 137 _ megan , the young nanny , come out of the house , walk two enormous dog . in the window above , we see a upscaie New York party in progress . camera pan with megan and stays back hold on she as she walk away from camera . when she get to the Park side , a figure come out of the shadow and approach she . ft be rory . ( continued ) 5 kad > to J. ad continued - camera hoid on the two of they as she take he back towards the house . = ad int . ground floor of fitz' house - night she unleash the dog , walk with rory through the sevice area , they hurry past the kitchen , to a staircase in the rear . . on the staircase she stop for a moment , ahead of he , at the first - floor landing , see that no one in the room be approach , motion he on up . sound of the party filter through . int . the attic ( 4 th ) floor level - night __ 13 ! the servant 's quarter . the ceiling be lower , window smaller . in megan' room the front of the house , overlook the park . it 's cozy and feminine . she lock the door , help get he jacket off . the bulge on he shoulder be cause by he shirt have be open and double around as a pad to absorb blood . : she use a scissors to cut away he undershirt , the wound be not gush blood , but it will continue to bleed unless something be do . rory can pretty much see the wound directly . as she wrap paper toweis below it : megan squeeze that . I will get adhesive . she go to the door . 2 oo * int . first floor - night 140 megan enter the crowded cocktail and hor d'oeurve party . the guest be New York mover and shaker . from megan be Pov : - fitzsimmon in the Study , watch a small tv . thru the glass door ( continued ) 140 continued : the tv plays silently Channel one News . picture of the rory / diaz crime scene , now cordon off . a Police spokesperson talk into the camera , the mug shot of rory that the FBI show o'meara . i41 int . deputy inspector kelly office = night the opposite feel of the squad room . total silence . Kelly behind he desk . head in he hand . o' meara ona chair , face he . nota word , there 's a clock tick . it 's ten o'clock . kelly ( cont ) how can | defend you , Thomas ? | shot my wad yesterday , right in this room . here | be protect my twenty year veteran from the slur of government ignoramuse . but they warn you , straight out . they tell you the score . ' o’meara : | be take he in . : kelly do not sell I that line of crap . you be try to save he , o' meara do not want to admit it . . kelly and poor Eddie , he be just be a cop . love he job , driving another bad guy downtown . Kelly plunk himself back down behind the desk . at wit 's end : kelly you fuck everybody Tom - include yourself . Kelly stand directly in front of o'meara . Eye to eye . ( continued ) 441 continued : 1 kelly ( cont ) if you care about you wife , you family and what 's leave of you career , you ought to go home , go to bed , and stay there until this terrorist be catch . that 's ail Thomas . 142 int . megan be room - night a ind it she have finish put butterfly bandage on rory 's wound . - rory I be ready to believe you know what you be do . megan . remember the decton Street ambush ? | treat Brendan mahoney that night . rory and | remember he funeral a few day later . she smile , then become serious . megan . they have get you face on the telly . he nod , unsurprise . . megan ( cont ) there be a body on the street . cover up. rory a policeman . he have a haunt take . megan you do what you have to do . silence . she pull up the window shade over the bed . they sit beside one another on the bed , look out at moonlit gramercy Park . ( continued ) 142 . continued : = ig I megan it 's lovely , walk on that gravel path . ( long pause ) there 's neither of we will be go back home , will we ? he take she hand . she fight back tear . mo megan can not | go with you ? he shake he head . she bury she head in he lap . he stroke she hair . she lift up she head and face he . megan you know | love you , he hoid she face in he hand . as if to memorize the moment . rory | want to think of you have a wonderful life here . / : megan with you , frankie . with you . they both sense this will never happen but he give she a look of love she will never forget . he reach out to she and kiss she , they passion embody all they dream , " int . fitzsimmon's house - later on night a jaa wee hour . the Party be long since over . fitzsimmon be read . . he hear a door siam downstairs , listen . go to the rear stairway . the two dog come up the step . he pet they . a few moment later , a maid follow . fitisimmon be that the outside door , Janet ? janet ' have to waik the dog . they be cry . ( continued ) 143 continued : / 46 fitisimmon do not megan walk they ? janet she step out , step right back in . he 's surprised . as Janet go back downstairs , he notice a stain on the carpet ( where rory stand briefly ) . . he examine the spot . walk along the landing , see a few more small spot . he walk upstairs to : , int . megan' room - night ae knock on the door . several time . megan _. who be it ? fitisimmon lhave to speak to he , megan , some noise , then the door open . fitzsimmon enter . rory sit on the bed , a pair of pants hastily throw on . fitisimmon {to megan ) leave we alone . she walk obediently out the door . fitisimmon you never should have come here , you have get to leave . rory how soon ? _ fitisimmon now . as rory move around the room , dress : rory the police have the money . ( continued ) 144 continued : . - 44 fitisimmon it 's a toss . we write it off . rory I will get the weapon anyway , fitisimmon that 's not smart . there 's a lot of peaple took for you , desperately . get out of the country . live to fight another day . rory place a gun on the dresser . rory we be run low on other day . fitisimmon -. they will kill you . fitzsimmon waik to the door . rory that might be . ( slowly ) but not until 1 finish this mission . 145 ext . fitisimmon house = dawn : 145 the sun rise over the East River and light the front of the house . the door open and , : a determine rory exit the house , into a new day . about twenty block away , at 148 ext . police plaza - dawn 196 a haggard look o' meara step out into the same day . 447 ext . fitisimmon house - day 147 early morning . o' meara walk up the impose stoop . ring the bell . Janet , the may , answer . she Studies he face for a moment , then : janet Mr. o'meara . let I tell he you be here , ( continued ) 147 . continued : they step inside , even before she disappear , fitisimmon tom. come in . come in , fitzsimmon shake hand with both of he . walk they into the live room . fitisimmon a american policeman dead at that boy 's hand . my God , be it the same country we father come from ? / o'meara can you point I somewhere , fitz ? fitzsimmon stare , too intense to have hear o'meara : fitisimmon whatever bit of ' sympathy . | have for they cause ... he shake he head , no ... fitisimmon ( cont ) when the violence hit this close ... all they talk of freedom fight be nonsense , be not it ? ordinary terrorist , . o’meara he have two million dollar with he , fitz expel a little whoosh of air . his tone say that he believe o'meara - have the answer to this : - fitisimmon where do he get it ? '' a pause , then o'meara bite the bullet . o’meara it will never leave this room , fitz . another pause . fitz know what he mean , fitisimmon what 's that ? ( continued ) 4147 continued - 12 ) . the o'meara not a word you say . ( beat ) this be not about Ireland or America . it 's about a decent cop lay in the morgue because I trust a man you bring to I . it 's simpte justice | want now . the kind of justice you have make you whole career , ( beat ) . o'meara ( cont . ) give I a place to go . | need to find he . a long pause . fitzsimmon 's face soften , he look into o'meara 's eye with feel . '_ fitisimmon Tom ... | wish to God | could help you . ( beat ) | know nothing . o' meara study he for a bit . o’meara you be quite a man , Peter . a pillar of the frisn american community . . he turn and walk to the door . look back : o'meara " will find he . and if he confirm that you know who he be ... run . o'meara exit . 148 ext . manhattan STREET - day , : 148 o'meara pop a Quarter into a pay phone . diais , : sheila' voice ( oc ) hello ? o’meara I be okay . listen to I : sheila' voice ( oc ) oh Tommy , Tommy . where be you ? ( continued ) continued : + be } co ! o'meara I can not talk , she . her voice be thick with emotion . sheila 's voice ( oc ) oh Jesus ... poor Eddie , ( barely audible ) how do it happen Tommy ? how could it happen ? . o' meara listen as she cry into the phone . o’meara do Kelly call ? sheila' voice ( oc ) no. no. but — . co o’meara if he call , lie to he : tell he I be asleep . tall he - : sheila' voice ( oc ) — there be a irish man . on the phone . he leave you a message . | do not understand . , o'meara what ? what ?! sheila' voice ( oc ) where 's rory ? . o’meara — what do he say ?! sheila' voice ( oc ) we watch the news , the girl ... o'meara tell I what he say . there 's a long pause . sheila' voice ( oc ) '' frankie sail from montauk on the ' Lady . " " ttl . ( continued ) if 148 continued : 2 on o'meara + py reacting , as he stare out at the New York street . > to ico ext . grand central station > day o' meara hurry into the station . int . grand central - day up on the lr. schedule board , the train time and number flick by . there it be . " montauk . " track 18 , . a ca a a int , the platform - o'meara - day wait , impatiently , for the-train to arrive , 2 ext . STREET in jamaica , queen - day a a industrial area . small factory , small warehouse . rory waik purposetully down a dead end street . he head for the island contract trucking CO . " from a Van to a trailer , '' a building at the end of the street . a cn ext . trucking company - day single story . cinder block . several box trailer and flatbed , without tractor be park near the building . rory walk around the side of the building . he find a window . look in . a single large room serve as a transfer station for palletize goods . facing the door be a flatbe tractor- trailer with a oversize pallet strapped on '' it . the pallet hold a array of stinger missile foid down from each of its four side be a sheet metal panel , now lie flat ; when fold into the upright position the four panel will form a box around the missile . . , teddy and a henchman smoke cigarettes near the flatbe . burke , further inside , talk toa second henchman . == ( continued ) on will | a. ic a xe ] a jo —. ad i» continued : rory walk around to the door , pound on it several time . it 's open by teddy , who smile in a nasty way . int . trucking company - day rory step in past he . burke spot rory and walk forward , along with the second henchman . ' burke . New York 's favorite fugitive ! you sound a little anxious on the phone . | see you be break but unbow . and miss a large package , from the look of it . rory here 's you chance to deliver for dear old mother Ireland . take we lou , billy . we will raise the money again in a matter of month . : burke gesture to he associate : burke grab a eyeful , boy . that be belfast ball . World renowned . burke be through with the compliment . he turn on rory : burke | do not do business with cop killer , especially when they be break , rory put he leave hand into he pocket ... not too fast , burke , teddy and both henchmen ~ draw gun immediately rory freeze . burke put just two finger in that pocket . and take out what 's in it . slowwww . rory extract a .32 caliber pistol , squat a bit , drop it . ( continued ) an en k = cn = jn '' ext , the dry dock - sunset " 454 continued : . 45 . rory we need the missile , billy . you know that as well as |. burke but do you know what they will fetch I in a middie East bazaar ? teddy . Jerry . give he a tour of Jamaica Bay . , as they approach , rory calmly pull a gun and in lightning fast succession , he shoot all four of they , one shot apiece , with the pistol - rory take a few step forward to check the body , ~ swing the panel into place he fix they to one another at the comer with toggle fastener . it now look as though a large meta ! shipping container be strapped to the trailer . the side of the container be stencill : loe jefferson supply company brooklyn , new york ship chandler 's rory activate the overhead door switch , climb into the cab . the truck pull out onto the letter-strewn , dead end street . > a rory drive the truck right up to the edge of the pier . the montauk lady wait - bow point towards the ocean , stern raise up in the air , attach by two thick rope to a large winch . rory hurry around to the back of the flatbe . cranks open the strap that hold the missile container onto the truck . quickly , he pull the strap around the entire pallet and tie they off into a makeshift cradle hamess . jump down . '' oe ( continued ) 5 a ' fon my oy + in ia '' continued : out of the water . rory manuever the winch line above the missile pallet , and hook on to the strap harness . he set the winch in motion . slowly , the missile rise off the flatbed rory maneuver they over the ship 's cargo hold , ext . montauk harbor - a short time later +. en o'meara , in a car , race by the line of fishing vessel in the water , ext . on deck the ship - nightfall mn en rory finish unload the missile into the cargo hold . close the hatch , now he look up . Studies the rope line that stretch from the stern to the dry dock winch . . he climb up into the wheelhouse . insert the key and turn it to check the power system . a board of light flash on . the engine be engage . rory switch the power off , turn around , and grab a axe hang next to the fire extinguisher . : he walk the axe over to the edge of the stem . take aim and staris chopping at the four inch thick rope he stroke evenly , ignore the pain that shoot up from he shouider . the strand fray and break , fray and break until the huge line snap in two . as the loose end fail into the water , '' the boat list sideway ys _ rory step over to the other side of the stern , where the second rope now hoid the entire weight of the one hundred and ten foot ship . prepare to swing the axe , he catch sight of car headlight speed up to the dock . ( continued ) 457 continued : 4 rary start in on the rope . chop. chop . the car disappear behind the side of the dry dock . then reappear , speed with its headlight point toward the town . rory stop . listen . hear only the sound of the boat creaking . he chop again . stop . hear a different sound . he put the axe down silently . look back at the rope , now half - fray . draw he pistol from he waistband . lean in against the wall of the main cabin , he can make out the shadow of the scaffold that butt against the ship . a figure dart by . rory take aim . move forward to the edge of the cabin wall . wait . his eye check the string of light that illuminate the side of the dry dock . now he listen . : : a voice break the silence . o'meara ( oc ) rory . rory try locating o'meara 's position by he voice . o'meara ( oc ) it 's over now . it 's all over . the boat creak slowly , from side to side . o'meara ( oc ) where can you hide ? rory start to backtrack , circle clockwise around the main ' cabin . o’meara ( oc ) where can you go ? rory reach the first corner . inch forward . see himself clear . o’meara ( oc ) let 's break the cycle . right now . you and I . no more kill . no revenge . none of it . ( continued ) len 157 continued : 12 ) rory finish the circle . come upon o'meara , ten foot ahead , he back to rory . . he 's face the stern , speak into the darkness , o'meara 'f we stop , if we put down we gun ... o' meara stop , turn he head slowly around , instinctively conscious of rory , pointing he gun straight at he he stare , fearless and vulnerable , straight into rory 's eye . rory blink . look at he gun hand , as if it belong totally to someone else . wonder why the finger do not pull the trigger . . suddenly there be a foud SNAP as the fray winch tope give way . simultaneousty : the boat lurch forward at a sharp angle rory and o'meara hurtle toward the bow trip and slide until '' they crash into a fore wall , gun skitfer . now the deck -heave up in the other direction as the boat rights itself , splashing into the water . when the rack subside , we see o'meara , on all 's four face off fifteen foot from " rory , on all four . the gun jay between they . o' meara 's pistol four foot in front , and point the wrong way . rory 's a similar distance in front of he , but point at o'meara . . they glance at each other . down at the gun . then back , eye to eye , ( continued ) . 187 . continued : 13 } — . on rory do not de it , Tom . do not make I shoot you . o'meara there 's another way . . rory its not a american story . remember ? o'meara we can change it . rory shake he head no . - rory it 's a irish story . o’meara we can change it ! the boat be drifting now , out into the harbor . as it sway in the water , on deck the gun inch back and forth . rory how ? o' meara have no answer . . rory ( cont ) go home . go home to you istand . I will go - home to mine . o'meara | can not do that . like two cat , they face off , back stiffening , ready to pounce . rory neither can | , they eye meet . rory smile . ( continued ) 187 continued : 14 ] a 187 rory , you see ? it 's like a signal . : o'meara yes. | see . instantly , the two men dive for there weapon : o'meara grab the gun , roll ... rory grab he gun , but doesn't roll he fire off the MARK as o'meara fire . boom boom boom ! three bullet rip into rory' torso . he stagger back . drop he gun . o' meara run over , props rory up by he shoulder . o’meara God damn you ! damn you ! rory be bleed , everywhere . quiet voice : rory well then ... o ’'meara Jesus ... Jesus ... rory cough . he 's go . he be barely abie to whisper . 0 's ' meara bend down to try to understand what he be say . o'meara | can not , | do not know how . rory beg he with he eye . o’meara I be not a priest . finally o'meara take rory 's hand and cross himself : ( continued ) 187 ' continued : 15 } : o'meara oh , my God | be heartily sorry for have offended thee .. rory reach up and touch o’meara 's face . : o'meara be you sorry for all the sin of - you past life ? , rory nod . o’meara be you sorry for have offended God ? he nod again . o'meara then in the name ofthe Father , the Son , and the Holy ghost ..... rory 's hand fall away as he die . o' meara 's voice drop : o’meara ...1 absolve you , o'meara cradle he in he arm , a father hold he dead son .. camera pull back into the sky , leaving they SMALL figure in the vastness of space and sea . fade out . cn