no. 00406 .. May 5 , 1981 exec . producer : jenning lang the sting , part it that's why the lady be a tramp first draft screenplay written by david S. ward ~- notice this material be the property of universal CITY studio , inc . and be intended and restricted solely for studio use by studio personnel . distribution or disclosure of the material to unauthorized person be pro - hibited . the sale , copying or reproduction of this material in any form be also prohibited . # 00406 the sting , part ii that's why the lady be a tramp fade in ext . atlantic CITY nightclub - night it 's a balmy night in August , 1940 . we open on the exterior of a swank Atlantic City nightclub , its dazzle facade illuminate a pass parade of hipster , which stop like a freeze dance every time the club door open and allow a few bar of the music within to escape . it 's the dream of every hipster that a party of fifteen will come out , keep the door open long enough perhaps to hear Ziggy elman 's entire trumpet solo on " body and soul ' . another angle this time , however , only a couple emerge , accompany at best by a few diminish eighth note . the man , elegantly dress and refine in manner , be immediately recognizable as kid twist , the bogus telegra h operator in " the sting . " on he arm be a statuesque blonde in cling crepe . ey proceed to a cab and slide in the back . int . cab as twist lean forward to give instruction to the cabbie , he fail to notice that the woman slide right out the other side . he turn to find that she place have be take by a huge hulk of a man who say nothing and stare straight ahead . twist have see that look before and move to get out the way he cam in , only to find that there be now a thug on the other side of he too . this one close the door beside he and assume the same pose as he friend . twist realize that he 's in trouble . the cabbie pull out with no word from the thug . it do not matter . he know better than they do where they be go . cut to int . a downtown HOTEL room - night the camera move in slowly on a man sit alone in the dark , he head partially illuminate by the light from the amusement park across the street . the only sound in the room come from a unseen fan . the camera stop when we be close enough to realize that the man be doyle lonnegan the gangster / mark of " the sting . " his eye be set and far off , continued # 00406 2 continued he face lose in think . a knock be hear at the door , and lonnegan jump a bit as if someone have just snuck up on he . we hear a voice outside . it 's floyd , lonnegan 's right -hand man . floyd doyle . Homer 's downstairs . they make a clean snatch on twist . you want we to dump he ? : lonnegan no , bring he here . I wanta see he first . floyd okay . ( notice that there 's no light come under the door ) you all right in there ? . lonnegan I be all right . int . HOTEL corridor as floyd walk on down the hall . int . lonnegan' HOTEL room lonnegan slip back into he reverie . the camera start to move in on he again . we burn into he eye , which never blink despite the play of the neon across they . we hear : a sound montage of the replay of the last few minute of " the sting . " 1 . he voice of lonnegan place he half million dollar bet with great bravado , the call of a race in the b.g . 2 . kid twist tell lonnegan that he 's bet incorrectly and will lose all he money . 3 . lonnegan try frantically almost hysterically , to get he money back from the cashier . continued # 00406 3 continued 4 . a fusilade of gun shot . 5 . the voice of detective Snyder urging lonnegan out of the betting parlor . again a knock be hear at the door . - ; lonnegan come in . the door open to reveal twist and he two captor sil - houetted in the doorway . lonnegan reach out and turn on a light , and for the first time we be able to see the room . it look like a expensive suite in any luxury hotel , except that the wall be cover with photograph , 8 x 10 blowup of every single man involved in the con of lonnegan some four year before . prominently display above the other , like the leader of some Eastern european politburo , be shot of gondroff and hooker . lonnegan allow twist to take in the room before he speak . twist try hear not to notice the photograph . _ lonnegan | what do you think of my picture twist ? twist my name 's not twist , and I do not know much about picture . . lonnegan you find yours yet ? twist I do not know why a picture of I would be up there . . lonnegan ( without take he eye off twist on the wall to you leave . fourth one from the right . between curly Jackson and j.j. singleton . twist do not bother to look at the photograph . he know it 's there . lonnegan I coulda pick somebody else . I know where most of they be now . you just happen to be the close . continued 6 #00406 4 continued = 2 . twist I get no idea what you be talkin ' about . I do not know any of this people .... lonnegan four year ago , forty - seven month and six day to be exact , you help they take I for half a million dol - lar . I should think you would remember at . look , you get I mix up with somebody eise . I .... lonnegan ( not even listen to twist you play the telegraph operator , the guy who hold up the race result . I will never forget when you come in and tell I I would screw ug the bet . acting like it be the end of the world when inside you have to be jump up and down . gondorff musta be proud of you , twist . I wish you could remember it . I have hope it would have mean more to you to take a man like I . ( offerin he hand T can only congratulate you on a job beautifully do . lonnegan have attempt to deliver all this with a " no hard feeling " attitude , but twist be not fool . he know there will be no reprieve for he . he decide to go out like a champ . . twist | believe I , lonnegan , it be the great day of my life . cut to ext . river front - night lonnegan and floyd be sit in a car look out over the river to a warehouse on the other side . all the light be out in the warehouse , except for one on the second story at the top of a fifty - foot-long load chute which run from the second floor out over the water . it be normally use to convey cargo from the warehouse to freight barge continued # 00406 5 continued 7 below . llonnegan and floyd have they eye glue to it , expect something to happen there soon . floyd , in par - ticular , seem to be anxious . int . lonnegan' car 7-a floyd you should not be here , doyle . lonnegan we get the word out that macalinski put kid twist with the fish . a body , foot encase in concrete , go speed down the load chute and disappear below the surface of the black water . lonnegan that 's one . with a gesture to floyd , lonnegan sit back grimly , and the car move off . Main title and open credit . ext . johnny hooker' apartment build - early evening 8 we pick up johnny hooker wash himself in a makeshift shower that he 's rig up on the fire escape of he one ~ room apartment . he use old bed sheet for a curtain and he shower head consist of . a comb tape over the end of a garden hose which run in through the window to a faucet on the small sink which occupy one corner of he totally undistinguished room . hooker be obviously in a expansive mood , as he sing along to the radio which he 's hang on the landing above he . it 's play helen Ward 's version of " goody goody " with the benny goodman orchestra . his rinse water , meanwhile , drip through the grate of the fire escape to the pavement six floor below , water several window box on the way . hooker finish up , and climb back through he window . int . hooker' apartment 9 as he 's toweling off , the eirie kid enter the room . hooker hey , where 's you suit ? continued # 00406 6 continued eirie I decide not to wear it . it will just get dirty on the streetcar . hooker . what be you talk about ? I rent a limousine . eirie a limousine to go to the fight . hooker we ! be management now , eirie . when you be the owner of a up and comin’ ight -heavy you do not show up on no streetcar . eirie but we guy be not even fightin ' to - night . hooker — so what . you. want everybody to think we be small - time ? Christ , the kid could be fightin ' for the title inside a year , and you wanta show up on a goddamn trolley . bus woulda be better than that . eirie we can not afford no bus , let a limo . eirie notice a new pair of shoe on a chair . eirie that you boat ? hooker ( proud as heli ) how you like them , huh ? alligator brazillian . eirie look they over like they be stale bread . eirie hooker , I think we oughta skip the fight and see if we can not get we - selve some pocket money . you know that dame I be tellin' ya about down at the garden ? weli I be studyin ' she and I know we can take she for a bundle . continued 9 10 #00406 continued - 2 9 hooker I do not like it , eirie . I promise myself I be gonna go legit . eirie you be just nervous , that 's all . we be both a little rusty . we will get over it once we get into the pitch . I know we still get we touch . hooker it 's bad enough goin ' back on the grift , but connin ' woman . that 's low , eirie . we use to have a rule no poor people and no woman . eirie that be pregnant woman , and this one be not carryin ' nothin ' but dough . I tell ya , this dame be a thoroughbre , be in there two or three night in a row , never talkin ' to nobody but this oid broad that hang around with she . she dress like a champion , but I can tell she do not know she way around . [ ooker : he I still do not like it . eirie you like livin ' in this pigpen better ? you be already bao of month behind on the rent . e only rea ~ son they be not throw you out be they could not get anybody else to live here . hooker well you be the bookkeeper of the operation . why do not you pay the damn rent ? eirie I can not . you be overdrawn four grand at the bank . eirie be interrupt by a knock at the door . another angle 10 hooker go to answer it , half - dress in a pair of sock continued 10 #00406 continued with knee on they . 10 suspender and green short with the letter ymca it 's a deliveryman with a tuxedo in he hand . deliveryman tuxedo for Mr. hooker . hooker that 's I . ( hand over a dollar bill ) here 's a little something ' for you trouble , buddy . __ deliveryman how about a little something ' for the tux ? hooker ( ease the guy out the door} Bill I . hooker turn back to eirie and begin to put on he tux . hooker how can I be overdrawn ? the last time I look in there , I have _ eighty gee . eirie that be two - and - a-half year ago , before you start buyin ! prize fi inter , race horse , zinc mine every other goddamn thing . that stuff 's gonna * pay off , eirie . it just take time , at 's all . in the world of investment , you gotta spend money to make money . eirie hooker , I be tellin ' ya , if you do not do something ' pretty fast , you be gonna start gettin ' visit from the copper hooker know that eirie 's right . people be gonna make some noise over four grand . hooker ( resign ) all right eit call the girl and tell ‘em we will be a little late . continued 10 11 12 12- a #00406 9 continued - 2 10 . eirie the girl ? __ hooker you be gonna like this two , eirie . they be hat checker at the rondella . eirie Christ , what be I gonna say to this babe ? I do not know nothin ' about at . as hooker dial he call , we : cur to int . the marine room of the steel pier - night 11 one of the great ballroom of the era , in a class with the roseland in New York and the aragon and trianon in Chicago . feature a ocean of hardwood dance floor , divide here and there into inlet and bay by the arrangement of the table , the Marine be a must play date for all the big swing band of the forty . not as elegant certainly as the supper club , but more exciting . the band 's female vocalist be just get into " you turned the tables on I " as hooker and eirie enter the ballroom . eirie she 's at table sixteen , on the leave toward the front . hooker' point of view - table sixteen 12 hooker 's eye search the floor and finally come to rest on table sixteen . he 's not quite ready for what he find there . he have expect the woman to be rich , but he have not expect she to be beautiful . regal in bear , she have the untouchable beauty of a hedy lamarr . the kind that turn pass stranger into employee . hooker 's first instinct be to turn around and go home . he have barely notice the older woman to_her leave , who be plainly dress and exude a professional protectiveness toward she com - panion . hooker and eirie 12-a eirie . what would I tell ya , huh ? if she be not load with jack , I do not know my own name . : continued a 12- a #00406 continued 10 12-a _ hooker I do not feel right about this , eirie . - I mean , she 's with she mother and eirie be tain a paper cut everything . eirie look , this be no slight on she . she happen to be keepin’ company with some cash . it 's not like you hate the dame . someday when you be a millionaire , you can buy she a bracelet or somethin’ . hooker Hell , we do not even have any prop with we . what be we gonna take she on ? prepare for this . he take out a envelope con - stack of fake money : and another one contain up the size of dollar bill . eirie I get the boodle and the stiff right here . all we gotta do be back it with some real green and we get everything we need . how muc ! cash you get ? hooker Fifteen buck . eirie I get twenty . we will put mine on top and yours on the bottom . it be not great , but it 's good enough . eirie put the twenty on the top of the false bankroll , and the ten on the bottom . this be a eirie you problem be you be lettin ' she look go to you head . since when have you ever get to first base with a dame like that ? this society type think they be too good for . regular people . she would not be see outside a barnyard with either one of we . very tell point with hooker . his heart be - gin to harden again e woman . continued 12 - a 13 #00406 il continued - 2 12+ a hooker . you be right , eirie . that kinda babe give I the pip . shot through with new motivation , hooker look at the woman like she 's a barbell to be clean and jerk . he 's a complete professional now . he take off he watch and hand it to eirie , then snatch a flower out of a vase and put it in he lapel . we follow he as he make he way over to table sixteen . at table sixteen 13 hooker immediately affect the demeanor of a entrepeneur . . hooker Excuse I , lady . you have not by chance see a gold watch around here , have you ? ( through a thick french accent ) no , I do not think so , mr.... hooker Stewart . Charles Stewart . I be the 's manager here . woman please to meet you , Mr. Stewart . I be Veronique lefleur , and .... older woman ( interrupt ) the countess Veronique fabian lefleur . veronique ( slightly embarrassed ) giselle , they do not care about this thing in America . ( to hooker ) this be my may servant , giselle duvillard . we be sorry that you lose you watch . . _ hooker oh , it be not mine , miss lefleur . giselle countess lefleur . veronique giselle ! continued 13 14 15 #00406 12 continued 13 hooker a Mr. Jerome hawthorne lose it in here tonight , and be quite anxious to get it back . it 's a elgin special with a monogramm j.h. on e back . he 's offer a thousand dollar reward for its return . veronique ( honestl . relieved oh , then it 's not a expensive one . hooker struggle to maintain he nonchalance in the face of such a remar it 's a hard one for a poor boy to swallow . he look for some indication that she may be kid . he do not get one . hooker well , it be just that it be very personal to Mr. hawthorne . it be give to he by he father just be - ore he be kill in the Battle of belaue Wood . veronique ( truly move ) oh , how sad , if we find it , we will bring it to ou , how do you ' say ... on the doub angle 14 both woman permit themselves a little laugh at they mastery of this English idiom . . hooker ( take he leave thank you , miss lefleur . giselle ( sullenly ) countess lefleur . on hooker 15 we follow he as he return to eirie , out of sight of the two woman . hooker you be right , eirie . money 's nothin ' to she . she 's a countess . continued 15 16 17 #00406 13 continued 15 hooker ( cont would ) french . not a bad egg for a coun - tess . maybe in France they be not so snot - nose . it 's obvious that Veronique 's charm have rekindle some second thought in hooker . eirie aw c'mon . underneath they be all alike . you be not soften up on I , be ya hooker ? on eirie 16 this time we follow eirie as he make he way to the table . he boldly prop himself down right next to Veronique in the booth , talk to she in a conspiritorial fashion , out of the side of he mouth . eirie look lady , I know you do not know I , but I need a little help . the manager here 's get it in for I , and I would appreciate it if you could pretend like we be friend and everything . like we be sittin’ here for a long time , havin ' a - nice evening .... angle 17 as hooker suddenly appear at the table . eirie pretend to be carry on a conversation with the woman , who do not know what to make of he . __ , hooker . {to eirie ) Fisher , I think I tell you to stay outta here . eirie it 's a free country , Stewart . a man can dance if he want to . ( to the countess ) . I and my date be just about to cut up the rug a little , be not we honey ? the countess do not know what to say . she have no idea what eirie be talk about . hooker stand up and empty out you pocket . : continued 17 18 #00406 14 continued 17 eirie hesitates a second , then stand up and reluctantly empty out he pocket . he show nothing but a wallet and a pair of key . eirie see , I be clean . hooker good , then you will not have anything to weigh you down on the way out . or do I have to call the police ? _. , eirie ( decide it 's _ time to leave ) all right , all right . I do not want to hang out in this dive anyway . eirie beat a speedy retreat . veronique who be that man ? hooker - oh , he 's a cheap crook . a pickpocket , a fence , you name it . another angle 18 both woman be visibly frighten to have be in the pre - sence of such a man . Veronique glance down at where eirie be sit and something catch she eye -- there 's a gold watch on the seat . she pick it up quickly and hand it to hooker . veronique Mr. Stewart , there 's a watch here . I think it 's you friend 's . . hooker ( inspect the watch ) . it 's hawthorne 's all right . Fisher probably steal it from he and take it out of he pocket when I ask to search he . the woman be really scared now . giselle be not you go to call the police ? continued 18 19 20 #00406 15 continued 18 hooker would not do any good unless we have find the watch on he . whatever , you find the watch . you have a reward come . veronique oh , but I could not take it . I have do nothing to deserve it . , hooker , I insist . Mr. hawthorne will be very unhappy with I if I do not follow he instruction . you find the watch . the money be yours . please , he will be most insulted if you turn it down . . veronique _ ( resign ) . all right , I do not wish to offend the man . . _ ( to giselle ) when in America , I suppose we must do as the Americans . hooker , 19 hand she the envelope with the boodle in it . she put it in she purse without even bother to check it . hooker Excuse I , but if I may be so bold , I would not carry that money in you purse . not in a neighborhood like this . you walk down the street with a purse in plain view , you be gonna lose it . ere be twenty other thief outside just like Fisher , only worse . the two woman be immediately concerned . veronique what should we do ? hooker . here , let I show you something . if I be you , I would put all my money in the envelope . veronique 20 comply , immediately , pull out a bankroll that knock continued 20 21 22 #00406 16 continued 20 hooker 's eye out . she put it into the envelope and then pass it to giselle , who dip into she purse and add she money to it . she turn she body as she do so , so that hooker can not see how much money she have . hooker be amused by she modesty . giselle then lick the envelope and seal it . hooker May I have the envelope a second ? giselle hesitates , but Veronique make she hand it over . hooker all right , you take the envelope and stick it up under you arm , inside you coat , like this . hooker demonstrate by slip the envelope inside he tuxedo coat and up into he armpit . by shoot from the side , we see that there be already another envelope there , the one with the cut paper . hooker that way you can feel it all the time , and no pickpicket will be look for it there . he reach back inside he coat and pull out the envelope , but of course it 's not the one he put in . it 's the one with the cut paper . he hand it to Veronique , who thanks he and hand it to giselle , who tuck it up inside she coat , glanc - ing both way to make sure no one see she do it . hooker . I be sorry for all the commotion here tonight . I hope you enjoy you evening , countess . giselle allow herself a little smile that hooker be finally use the proper term of address . the countess nod that she evening have be satisfactory , and hooker take he leave . on hooker : 21 we follow he as he walk right on out of the ballroom and join eirie on the street . ext . alley - night - on hooker and eirie 22 hooker be not nearly as elate as we might expect . eirie everything go okay ? : 39 '' continued 22 23 24 #00406 17 continued 22 hooker yeah , it be easy . I do not even think we need the build up . I coulda ask them for the money out - right and they ' da give it to I . not that I be proud of it . eirie ( hefting the envelope ) yeah , well let I see what we get here . feel like enough to open we own steel mill . eirie rip open the envelope and pull out the most beauti - ful stack of construction paper we have ever see . not a dollar bill in sight . both hooker and eirie stare at it in shock for a secon then it begin to dawn on then . eirie hooker , we be have . barely be the word out of eirie 's mouth than hooker race back into the cl int . ballroom - night 23 hooker zeroe in on table sixteen . it 's empty . he race back outside . ext . alley - night 24 hooker frantically look up and down the street for some sign of the two woman . hooker ; I find that broad , I be gonna wring she neck . forget it . she 's 5 trrobably halfway home with we thirty buck by now . would not that rot you sock . eirie be somewhat amused by the whole thing . hooker be fit to be tie . he literally begin jump up and down . hooker we gotta do somethin' . we will call the police , that 's what we will do . Christ , what kinda town be they runnin ' where people can 90 , around pullin ' this sorta thing . this burg be crawlin ' with grifter and the cop be pickin’ nose . 25 26 27 #00406 18 angle 25 eirie can not believe this outpour of righteousness from hooker . hooker continue he tirade as they get into they limousine . . hooker usin ' construction paper yet . think how the people who make that paper would feel if they know what she be use it for . they think . the’ be makin 's something ' nice for little kid . this be the kinda thing that give construction paper a bad name . another angle 26 as the limousine pull out , we move to reveal that lonnegan 's man , floyd , have be watch the departure from a car across the street . we can not see who 's in the back seat , but we can guess . cut to ext . hooker' apartment build - night 27 the limousine pull up in front of the building and hooker and eirie get out . hey be just about to go up the front step when two thug jump out of the shadow , scare the hell out of all of we , not to mention hooker and eirie . hooker try to run for it , but he 's catch and slam up against a wall . thug you johnny hooker ? hooker maybe . thug we be from atlas tuxedo . you tell we guy to bill you . we check you credit -- you be not get none . we boss do not like to be stiffe . that tux will be ten buck . . __ hooker I be not get it . . thug then you either give up the tux or you good look . hooker pull out he pocket with he best " have mercy " smile . he look from some sign that it 's win the thug over . fat chance . CUT . to 28 29 #00406 19 int . hooker' apartment build ’~ stairway - night 28 walk up the stair of hooker 's apartment building . hooker , have lose the tuxedo , be now clad only in he ymca m short , he knee sock ( suspender ) and , of course , he alligator shoe . it have not be he night . eirie ya know with thing a little tough and all , maybe we oughta go see gondorff . 's letter say he 's get a big house down there in Florida with a yard and everything . we could lie around in the sun a little , maybe borrow a few buck . hooker I be not goin ' down there with my hat in my hand . he think I do not know how to take care of myself . eirie he 's not gonna be like that . he 's in the chip . he would be glad to help ya out . . hooker ( tired as hell ) . I do not know . we will talk about it in the morning . int . hooker' apartment build - hallway 29 eirie start off toward he room as hooker try to open the door to he own room . suddenly the door open by itself and hooker find himself look at a large man in a food-stain undershirt . man somethin ' I can do for you ? . hooker yeh , this be my apartment . man use to be . they move you out a hour ago . seem you be not pay up . eirie I will be damned . they get somebody to live here . continued 30 31 #00406 20 continued 29 hooker you know what they do with my clothes ? man they pawn them to get the rent you owed . eirie ha , you get the last iaugh on ‘em there , hooker . they will not get two month ' worth outa that dud . hooker give eirie a look that could melt a brick . man well I would love to talk to you guy all right , but I gotta go decorate the de . without further ado , he close the door . in the hallway 30 hooker and eirie start back down the stair . eirie 's you ready to go see gondorff now ? hooker yeah , what the hell . you get some clothes you could lend I ? eirie . sure , but we do not have nothin ' for train ticket . hooker I know . just get I a badge and I will do the rest . no more strike - out tonight , eirie . look out . johnny hooker be back . cut to int . the atlantic CITY railroad station - night 31 we pick up hooker and eirie as they come into the station and fan out in different direction . hooker be wear eirie 's clothes , which look ridiculous on he , the pants be a good eight inch too short , and the shirt be burst - ing at the seam , show patch of skin between the : utton . 32 33 34 #00406 21 int . train station - gift shop - night 32 we follow birie into the gift shop where he go to the toy section . he look enrough several small novelty until he find what he 's look for -- a little tinh replica of a policeman 's badge . he look around for store detective , and see none , slip the badge into he pocket . cut to int . train station - corridor - hooker 33 in another part of the station . we see he remove a sign from a door , but the angle prohibit we from be able to read it . he drop the sign in a waste can and walk out into the passenger lobby . eirie pass he and slip he the tin badge . int . train station - another section 34 after scan the area carefully for a minute , hooker go up to a conservative - look businessman , who 's busy read e schedule board . hooker flash open he wallet to reveal the little tin badge and then quickly close it again . _ booker Excuse I , sir . treasury Department . I would like to ask you a few question . businessman . what for ? I have not do anything . : hooker we do not doubt that , but there 's a counterfeit operation pass bad money in the station . have you make any purchase here today ? businessman ( reluctantly ) | well , yes , a small gift , and some ' ood . _ , hooker . then I be afraid we will have to im - ound you money until we be sure at it 's all good . can I see you wallet please . __ businessman ( hand it over ) but I get a train to make . continued 34 #00406 continued 22 34 hooker it will only take twenty minute or so . you can pick it up at the window down hall . businessman but what about all this other people ? __ . hooker ( blow up ) we will get ‘em ! give we a chance . I be not the only agent in here ya know . we go around advertisin ourselves , how many counterfeiter do you think we would catch , huh ? ( point to he shi ) ' you think I be wearin ' this rag here ' cause I like it ? Christ , everybody thi life 's a holiday or something when you get a badge . opour it on I be here bor thirteen hour , Charlie , and I never know there be so much ugliness in people . . you try to help them and they spit ‘on ya . I shoulda let . you get yourself arrest for passin ' false note . the businessman be totally shame . businessman I be sorry , really I be , but I can not wait twenty minute . my train leave in ten . hooker '' all right , I will give ya a break . ( point to a hall down that hall there , there 's a unmark door on the leave . go in that door and wait at the cashier window . I will take this ... ( indicate _ _ the money ) . + ; - in the back and run it through right away . we will have ya outa there in a couple minute . continued 34 35 36 37 #00406 23 continued = 2 34 businessman thank you . you do not know how much I appreciate this . hooker with a ittle wave ) think nothing of it . the businessman go off down the hall , more than grateful for the special treatment . at the ticket counter 35 hooker , meanwhile , join eirie and the two spring over to buy ticket for Florida . on the businessman 36 as we follow he down the hall to the unmark door . he stride on through to find himself face - to- face with a wall of busily flush urinal . cur to ext . train station - night - floyd 37 sprinting out of the train station , have see hooker and eirie buy they ticket . he race up to the limousine in which lonnegan be wait . ( out of breath ) | hey , they be takin 's a powder on the train . we better hurry if we be gonna put 's the snatch on them . lonnegan let them go . _.. . floyd ( in disbelief ) . let them go ? Christ , what if they skip the country or somethin' ? , lonnegan | they be goin ' down to Florida to see gondorff . they will be back . all of ‘em . floyd just look at lonnegan in wonderment . how do he know this kinda stuff . . cur to 38 39 40 #00406 24 int . florida railroad station - arrival gate - day 38 we pick wp hooker and eirie get off the train , and wind they way through the crowd . both be travelin light . '' hooker , of course , have no luggage at all -- jus the clothes eirie leat he . hooker I gotta get some decent clothes . I can not show up at gondorff 's lookin ' like this . eirie you get the money right on you foot there . we shoulda think of it earlier . hooker ( look down at he beloved alligator ) aw , no .... cuT to int . pawn shop - day 39 hooker have he alligator shoe up on the counter . the pawnbroker look they over with the crush indifference that characterize he breed . |. hooker they be alligator , ya know . pawnbroker so what . we get five thousand of ‘em in the everglade across the street . . hooker ( piss ) not brazilian one . the pawnbroker hand over a twenty dollar bill . hooker do not like it , but he take it . cuT to ext . a florida STREET ~ day 40 hooker and eirie be walk along with a copy of gondorff 's letter in hand , obviously look for a address . hooker have on he new clothes now , and while they be none too styl - ish , at least they fit . they find the address they want on the curb and look up expect to see gondorff 's house . instead they be greet with a sign that say : florida state penitentiary , eirie stand there with he mouth open . hooker be just plain disgust . 41 42 43 #00406 25 ext . another STREET - day 41 hooker a big house with a yard , huh ? cur to int . prison visiting room - day 42 hooker and eirie sit in the visit room await the appearance of gondorff . hooker be barely able to control he anger . eirie , of course , be fascinate with prison and everything in it . angle 43 a.door open and out come gondorff , wear a smile as wide as the stripe , which clothe he from head to toe . he 's also wear the fedora hat which be he trademark . gondorff . howdy . glad you could make it . hooker bite off . . gondorff what the hell be you s0 sore about . I be the one that 's in jail . you remember that senator I take on a stock deal ? I get a job as a gardener in a cemetery , figurin ' nobody there be gonna put finger on I . turn out the sena - tor come down to observe Veteran Day and I be out there waterin' the lawn . first honest work I ever do and look what happen to I . I be here two year . hooker you coulda tell we . +. gondorff then I never woulda get ya down here , I know if you think I be in the money , you would come down and try to mooch some . continued 43 #00406 continued 26 43 hooker ( incense ) I do not need you goddamn money . I jot a zinc mine in Cuba , some oil interest in Japan and a race horse that 's definitely kentucky derby material . not to mention the next light -heavyweight champion . gondorff what 's he name ? hooker typhoon Taylor . gondorff who sell he to ya , Jackie Pope ? hooker yeah , you know Jackie ? . gondorff Christ , he try to sell I the guy four year ago , only he be as cal in ' he tugboat Taylor then . every time he lose , Jackie give he a ue name . he 's better now . " vt get he fightin ' a contender next week at the Jersey garden . I tell ya , typhoon 's get a right hand like a steam drill . gondorff how do you know ? he 's never hit anything with it . . , hooker I be workin ' with he personally . I use to be a Golden glove cham - pion , ya know . gondorff you be a great businessman , hooker . do this horse you buy have all three leg ? hooker some day you be gonna be sorry you do not have a piece of my action . continued 43 #00406 27 continued ~ 2 43 gondorff look , I do not even care if ou show up just to mooch . have some dough here , I would ive tit to a . unfortunately , all I get I be | bad news . ( pause ) somebody 's id lie kid twist . hooker and eirie be stunne . . hooker but I just see he a couple day ago . Police in Atlantic ci caty +f a tip . they pull he out of e bay with cement on he foot . hooker lonnegan ? gondorff I think so at first , but this be not he style . besides , what would he be doin ' in Atlantic City . word be it be a hood name ' Carlo macalinski . ker it 's not like twist _to con a racketeer . how could he get so down on he luck to do something ' like that ? gondorff look at we three . we paintin ' any picture of success ? it 's a question that need no reply . the answer be obvious . eirie you gonna go after this guy ? gondorff after the lonnegan con , I say we would never do anything like that again . we keep sting heavy gee , no matter how good the reason , and pretty soon there will not be any place safe for we . continued 43 45 46 #00406 28 continued - 3 43 hooker | I figure we ought to stick to that line of think ... next time . a smile creep onto gondorff 's face . he be hope hooker would feel that way . __. gondorff they be lettin ' I outa here on Wednesday . billie 's comin ' down with some ticket for Atlantic City . we will be back in time to catch you boy 's fight . see ya en . hooker and eirie nod good - bye , and be show out of the visit room . int . prison corridor - day 44 we follow gondorff as he 's lead back to he cell by a guard name clancy . it 's obvious the two know each other well . hey clancy , they do not ha ey clancy ey don have any zinc in Cuba , as they ? : ' clancy | nope , be not get no oi ] in Japan , either . they be still runnin’ the kentucky derby though . as gondorff disappear down the hall , we : cur to a montage sequence 45 beginning on the day of gondorff 's release . we pick up gondorff come out of the prison gate , wear a prison - issue suit and carry a small satchel of belonging . he dance a little jig as billie rush forward to greet he . they embrace with a enthusiasm worthy of the occasion , as hooker and eirie look on somewhat sheepishly . a cab wait behind they . cut to int . florida train station - photo booth 46 he go directly into one of the self - photo booth and draw the blind . we do not know why he 's do this yet , but the purposefulness with which he go about it indicate some - ing beyond vanity . cur to 47 48 49 50 51 #00406 29 int . a philadelphia bottling plant ~ day 47 we pick up a heavyset , middle - age man , know in con circle as the Big Ohio , pick case of bourbon off the conveyor line and load they onto a forklift pallet . a shift fore - man happen by and hand he a envelope , hunching he shoulder to indicate he have no idea what 's in it . the Big Ohio stop to open it and pull out a photo booth picture of gondorff with he hand to he nose in the traditional confidence man 's salute ( the " office " ) . below the picture be nothing but the word : jersey garden . 8:30 pm . the FOURTH . another angle 48 the Big Ohio smile knowingly to himself . suddenly we hear the splintering of bottle as the rapidly pile up case begin to be crush at the end of the conveyor , spilling bourbon all over the floor . the Big Ohio could care less . CUT to ext . a new york race track ~ day 49 J , J. singleton be in the grandstand watch a race through binocular when a steward hand he a envelope . he open it to find the same picture that the Big Ohio get . he ponder the message a second and then begin to gather up be thing , completely oblivious to the people around he who be go crazy root home they favorite . CUT to int . a plush boston penthouse ~ day 50 we see a handsome , debonair man partake of he midday meal , while he butler be busy unpack he suitcase . the man be the tuxedo kid , so name because he always wear a tux unless he 's sleep or on a con . he have they in twelve different color . on he lunch tray be a envelope . he open it to find a picture of guess who . tuxedo motion to the butler to start put the clothes back in the suitcase . as the butler struggle to keep a stiff upper lip , we : CUT to ext . the jersey garden - night 51 it 's the night of typhoon Taylor 's fight . we pick up hooker , gondorff , eirie and billie as they pull up in front of the Jersey Garden . as we might have guess , it 's in Jersey , but it be not no garden . gondorff look the place over , hope they can get the fight in before the place fall down . CUT to 52 53 54 s4 - a 55 5s - a 56 #00406 30 int . the jersey garden - niget as gondorff and company move through the arena on the wa to they seat , we notice that the Big Ohio , j.j. singleton and the tuxedo kid be hang out at different point along the way . on singleton get a drink at the refreshment stand . on tuxedo kid get a shoeshine . on big ohio in he seat read , the program . all three acknowledge gondorff and the other with a subtle " office " but make no over sign of recognition . in the ring the two wrestler be grape . ing away in a pile of mud , part of the Garden 's late promotional gimmick . with gondorff , hooker , and eirie gondorff what the hell be this ? hooker | aw , do not pay no attention to that , lawry , the promoter here , think he 's gotta do stuff like that to build the gate . last week he have genghis the Greek wrasslin ' the morgue man in a ring full of dead fis eirie ( wishing he would see it no kiddin' . int . outside taylor's dressing room gondorff , hooker and eirie arrive at typhoon Taylor 's dress room . we can tell because tay . or 's name be . chalk on a blackboard which hang on the door . there be four other name on it too . 52 53 54 54 - a 55 55 - a 56 57 58 59 #00406 31 int . taylor's dressing room 57 hooker poke he head inside . Taylor be sit in a card game with a couple other fighter . it 's hard for he to hold he card because he hand be tape . ( ooker how ya feelin’ , typhoon . typhoon ( try to figure out what to discard ) - do not worry , boss , I be gonna murder 'en . hooker look to the trainer , Shorty , who 's read a pulp devote to fight storey . hooker should not he be gettin ' he glove on ? shorty naw , the Golden dread be not due to lose for another ten minute or so . hooker yeah , all right . CUT to the arena again - night — 58 it 's later now . hooker and friend be ali in they seat . the ring be in the final stage of be clean up as the fighter enter the ring . mud have all be shovele into wheelbarrows and the canvas 's have be mop up . the ring announcer step to the mike . in the ring = night 59 the announcer be at the mike . announcer lady and gentleman , welcome to the Garden 's semi-main event . Seven round of box . in the red corner , weigh one eighty - two and wear the ' black trunk , the number six rank light - heavyweight contender , phe pride of Dublin , irish billy lealy . continued 59 60 61 62 #00406 32 continued $ 9 healy dance out to even more scattered applause . . announcer and in the blue corner , weigh one ninety - two , wear the white trunk , big wind that blow nobody good , Eddie ' typhoon ' Taylor . typhoon dance out to even more scattered applause . hooker and eirie have be visibly move by the announcer 's intro - duction of Taylor . what poetry . hooker you watch my guy , Henry . he 's get the great right I have ever see . in the ring 60 the bell ring and the fighter come out . immediately , typhoon back healy into a corner and unleash the famous right . it miss , crash mightily into a ring ost . it danm near splinter the thing . hooker be not kid . Taylor have a great right . unfortunately , we be about to find out what he do not have -- any defense . while typhoon be busy admire the damage he 's do to the post , healy blast two shot to the body and a leave hook to the chin . typhoon go on he face . on hooker 61 hooker jump up immediately and hop down to ringside to talk to Taylor , whose head be hang over the side of the ring . hooker do not let this upset ya , typhoon . it be just a lucky shot . he 's gonna be comin’ in on ya now . go into a crouch like you be hurt , and when he wade in , uncork the right . you get at ? : in the ring . 62 typhoon nod in such a way that let we know he would be lucky if he know he own name tight now . he get up at eight and wait for healy to come in on he . he crouch , but none too sure of he direction at this point , uncork a leave continued 62 63 64 65 #00406 33 continued 62 instead of a right . it catch healy full on the chin . unfortunately healy do not seem to notice . whatever power there be in typhoon 's leave be go . healy unload a right cross to typhoon 's jaw , typhoon , be a much more observant type , go on he back , landing very close to where he go down last time . at ringside 63 hooker get it ub typhoon . this do not look good . typhoon ( woozy ) leave I alone . a guy can only take so much . I give it my all . hooker you all ! it 's only thirty second into the goddamn first round . another angle 64 it 's no use . hoon be take the rest of the night off . hooker stand there stunne as Taylor be count out . gondorff come down to commiserate . hooker if only he coulda throw one more right . gondorff it 's a hard punch to throw when you be lie down . as gondorff and hooker walk away from the ring , the camera move to reveal another presence in the arena . on lonnegan : 65 High up in the stand we find doyle lonnegan take in the whole scene . floyd as always be next to . lonnegan I tell you they would be back . floyd look at that punk hooker . if I be that ugly I would shoot myself . 66 #00406 34 another angle 66 lonnegan say nothing , but he 's obviously amused at the ability of floyd 's emotion to alter he eyesight . gondorff and company be almost out of the arena now . __. floyd they be leavin ' . we go get ‘em now ? lonnegan I tell you no , floyd . floyd what the hell be we wait for ? after what that guy do to we . I tell ya , that bastard hooker be mine . I get a bullet with he name on it . actin ' like he be some kinda hot poop , tellin ' we he could fix race , callin' slade and I mutt and Jeff . I do not let nobody get away with that shit . lonnegan he 's not gonna get away with any - thing . he and gondorff be gonna pay I back and then you will have you day . floyd ( shaking he head in disbelief ) I do not get it . lonnegan . if everybody could understand it , it would not be much of a plan , now , would it ? floyd I still think we be makin ' a mistake screwin ' around like this . lonnegan it would not be enough to kill they now . they would leave this world think doyle lonnegan be a ~ stupid man . fade out 67 68 69 #00406 35 fade in ext . a chinese market - day 67 we see hooker enter the market . int . chinese market - day 68 hooker nod to the chinese store owner and make he way to the back of the store . he open a large meat refrigerator door and go inside . int . SMALL meeting room 69 instead of hang beef side in the refrigerator , we find a small meeting room . around the table in the center be gondorff , eirie , singleton , the Big Ohio and the tuxedo kid . gondorff be dress in he usual casual attire -- sleeve ~ - less T-shirt , fedora hat and cigar . the tuxedo kid provide a splash of color with a lime - green number . hooker pull up a chair . gondorff all right , let 's get start . what 's the news on this guy , j.j .? singleton organize some note he 's make . singleton I tell ya , Henry , macalinski 's be around . he start as a strong - arm at a carnival . then he run a shell game , a monte booth , even do some of the magic when the magician be too souse to go on . but most of all , he discourage the customer from takin 's too close a look at how they be losin ' they money . they say he still like to do a trick or two at he party when he get a few drink in he . a guy walk out once when he be doin ' a rope trick . they find he the next day with he foot in a drill press . he never walk at all after that , let alone out of a party . this piece of information have a very sober effect on the group . eirie . why do we always gotta go up against this type ? continued 69 #00406 continued 36 69 gondorff if they be not this type , we would not have to . . hooker so if he 's not a carney worker anymore , what the hell be he ? big ohio . he become a enforcer for gandi bellino in ' 34 . at the time , bellino be tryin ' to nail down all the prostitution in the city . he put macalinski in charge of he gunsels . after macalinski _ finish torpedoing the opposition , he torpedoed bellino . now he run more gris than anybody on the | island . he 's still a shitty magi - cian , though . indorf 's he musta make a few enemy during all this . _ big ohio yeah , but nothin ' he can not handle . he 's get some sore spot , though . for one thing , he can not stand negroes . guy like jojo Berry and Willie bate . he say they give prostitution a bad name by sellin’ cheap . it really frost he butt when they pick up the good white talent . gondorff say nothing , but we can tell this bit of infor - mation be not lose on he . gondorff okay . tuxedo , what do you get on he personal habit ? oo , tuxedo kid macalinski 's the glamour type . snappy dresser , big tipper , own the bluebird Club down on the pier . buy a new suit every day , wear it once and then burn it . they say he 's for fity - four diamond ring and ee hundred pair of shoe . gondorff I guess he do not believe in burn - ing that . continued # 00406 37 continued - 2 . 69 tuxedo kid . he 's get every vice there be and a few I be not acquainted with , but he biggest weakness be the jane . he think he 's death to woman . gondorff be he ? tuxedo kid you never see he with less than four . this create a general feel of disgust around the table . if there 's one thing a grifter can not stand in a mark , it 's pretention . gondorff do any of this dame ever stay tight with he ? tuxedo kid naw , he do not like woman that much . he just can not stand it when they do not like hin . . hooker _ look like we might be able to use a woman on he in the setup . gondorff if we can find one with grift experience . tuxedo kid he would be a perfect mark except for the fact t he probably know all the standard con from he carney day . gondorff then we will have to go with a new one . watchin 's hoon the other night , I get a idea for a fight con that might be good for this clown . I think we would call it the gondorff after its founder -- I mean until we come up with some ~ thing better . immediately everyone at the table come up with something better . gondorff have to call for order . continued 69 70 #00406 38 continued - 3 69 _. gondorff the gondorff it be . I have not get it all figure yet , but we will need a gym to start with . j.j. and the Big Ohio can get on that . tuxedo can handle the bookmake , the only other thing we need be ... , ( pause ) .»a fighter . everyone look to hooker . hooker would rather they look at somebody else . hooker why do not we get a real fighter ? gondorff naw , we need somebody who can grift . and eirie say you be a Golden glove champion . hooker yeh , but that be fifteen year ago . gondorff it could not be any worse than when lonnegan 's guy be shootin’ at ya . hooker realize it 's useless to protest . he nod he head in acceptance of he role . . gondorff all right then , we will all have to work on percentage . we be pretty short of cash . that queer the deal for anybody ? gondorff look around the table . everybody 's in . gondorff okay , let 's go to work . CUT to int . a large department store - night 70 we pick up hooker wander through the sport goods area . he stop in the box section and try on a few pair of glove , testing the feel by throw a couple shadow punch . a salesman approach . continued 70 m1 71 - a 72 73 #00406 39 continued 70 salesman can I help you ? yeah , I will take thie be pair . you get any punch bag ? salesman well , we get a weight - bay sort of thin on a stand . it 's not like you would find in a gym , but .... hooker that 's good enough . I just need something ' to sharpen up on . as the salesman go to ring up the purchase , hooker hap - pen to glance across the store . hooker' point of view ~ the lingerie department 71 he see something in the lin nge rie department he can scarcely believe . the woman behind the counter . he look closer . no doubt about it . it 's Veronique , the part-time countess . back with hooker TI - a hooker ( to the salesman ) hold this stuff for I , will ya . I will be back a littie later . hooker sneak over toward the lingerie department , take great care not to let Veronique see he . he take a detour through the toy department . in the toy department 72 hooker pause to lift a pair of handcuffs . in the lingerie department 73 hooker then boldly | stride into the lingerie department and go right behind the counter , elbow aside a few customer on the way . Veronique be not de ighted to see im . continued 73 74 75 #00406 40 continued 73 ___ hooker ( pull out he handcuffs ) you be under arrest by order of the Federal Bureau of investigation . at firet Veronique be dumbfounded . she figure he must be ing . veronique Drop dead , will ya . we be see a new side of Veronique . no phony french accent here . it 's quite obvious that English be she first language . she attempt to ignore hooker by turn back to she customer . veronique . do not pay any attention to this guy . e's ... another angle 74 she do not get to finish the sentence . hooker grab she arm and start to handcuff they behind she back . Veronique struggle mightily , kick and scream . the customer be shocked . veronique keep you hand off I , creep . . hooker . I be hopin ' you would come along quietly , lady , but I can see you get no class . look like we will have to add resist - ing arrest and assault on a officer to the list of charge . another angle 75 hooker have the cuff on now , but Veronique continue to struggle . meanwhile , the commotion have bring the depart - ment manager run . . manager what 's go on here ? continued # 00406 41 continued 75 _ hooker ( flash he toy badge ) Eddie Hoover , FBI . you saleslady here , miss newberry , be want for extortion and embezzlement in fifteen state . . veronique do not believe this guy , Mr. hertel . _ manager . but she name be sherman . Veronica sherman . hooker just one of she many aliase . it be Sheila newberry in Chicago . she skimm six grand from macy 's there . I hope she do not hit you hard . _ manager — . I have not notice she take anything . hooke that 's why she 's so eeod . we be chasin ' she for a year and a half , but I guess you luck finally run out , huh sis veronica aw , dry up . hooker start to lead she away . Mr. hertel be not quite sure what to do . veronica please , Mr. hertel , this guy be a phony . he 's nothin ' but a two - bit con artist . I know , I beat he on a gvitch just last week when he ied .... Veronica stop in midsentence , realize what she 's just admit . Mr. hertel be more upset by this than if she be a embezzler . whatever doubt he have about hooker be now one . he give Veronica he most scandalize glare . she ow she 's have it . __ veronica . aw , the hell with it . I be tired 'a workin ' in you crappy store any - way . cont inued 75 76 77 #00406 42 continued - 2 78 now hertel be really scandalize . as Veronica 's be lead away , she turn to a wide - eye customer who have be about to buy a nightgown . veronica you be gonna look like a bulldozer in that , lady . I would not wear this stuff to shovel bird shit . hooker do not need to lead Veronica anymore . she 's storn - ing out of the store under she own er , even though she hand be handcuff behind she back . ext . department store - night 76 we pick they up as they emerge onto the street . hooker just want you to know I be not a sore loser . veronica get lose , bozo . ext . department store - another angle 77 hooker do not give I no high -hat , sweet - heart . you be down to my size now . what happen to the countess racket ? . veronica I decide to pack it in . all you meet in that line be bum like you . Christ , I gotta give harriet twenty five percent , I gotta buy the clothes , pay off the maitre d' , buy a few drink and I hook into some jerk who 's only good for thirty buck . if you be any kind of pro at all you would have sweeten that boodie with ~ a 100 on the top , instead of a crummy twenty . hooker I be smarter than the average guy , that 's all . continued # 00406 43 77 continued 77 veronica naw , you be just poorer . now take the alr , will ya . hooker what if I offer you a job ? veronica I would say take it yourself before someone deserve get it . hooker it would be a chance to work the big con with Henry gondorff . veron why should I believe you know h gondor ff ? you entry hooker what else you get goin ' ? Veronica do not answer , but hooker know he 's get through to she . hooker I will meet ya tomorrow at 710 deleware Avenue , second floor . two o'clock . _ veronica do not count on it . hooker split off and head back toward the department store . veronica hey , you wanna take this cuff off now . hooker not particularly . . veronica what if some guy try to paw I on the way home ? hooker do not worry , lady . with you person - ality , nobody would get near ya . too bad , too . you get a nice pair of gam . continued 77 78 79 80 #00406 44 continued ~ 2 77 ___. veronica ( defiantly ) you will never know how great . on this note of tenderness , we : cur to ext . midtown atlantic CITY - day - establishing 78 a old brick building in one of the more rundown section of the city . the window of the second floor have be glaze over a workman be painting the word golding be gym on they . int . golding be gym - day 79 hooker come into frame and go up a unmark stairway to the second floor . once a clearinghouse of some sort , the place be rapidly be transformed into a box gym under the direction of singleton and the Big Ohio . construction go on everywhere -- heavy bag be suspend from the | ceiling , speed bag be affix to the wall and a ring be under construction in the center . in addition , dress | room be be build at both end . gondorff , at present , be use one of they as a office . hooker stroll through the gym , take in the work , and then enter the office . int . gondorff' office - day 80 gondorff and the tuxedo kid be go over some preparation . hoo look pretty good . gondoref . you be gonna have to start usin ' it soon . I get you schedule for a fight with Danny Kelley on the 19th at the auditorium . the promoter | owed I a favor , so he do not let it bother he that he never hear of you . _ tuxedo kid ( hand hooker a little booklet ) here 's the press book we make up on you . we send that to all the sport - writer in town . that way they do not continued 81 #00406 continued 45 80 tuxedo kid ( cont would ) need to go checkin ' around to find gut who you be . it 's all laid out or ‘em . _ hooker ( read he ring name from the cover ) | I be Bobby florian , huh ? gondorff make sure you know everything in there yourself . you gotta tell some of it macalinski . it 's get all you previous fight . as of now , you be seven to one . , . hooker do I beat anybody good ? tuxedo kid yeah , I have you knock out three guy in the first round . I say you be lethal with either hand . hooker smile at this . he like the idea of bein ' lethal with either hand . another angle 81 the Big Ohio pop he head in the door . big ohio . hey , gondorff . there 's some jane out here to see you . hooker I will be damned , she show up . gondorff who show up ? . hooker . I think I find a girl that 's just what we be lookin’ for . name 's Veronica sherman . th ) I grift with she some the last couple year . continued # 00406 46 81 continued 81 ( perk up ) oh yeah ? what would you play ? hooker oh , ya know . , . the glim dropper , the tat , stuff like that . she 's smart , she 's a good - looker and she do not rattle . gondorff how come you do not mention she the other day ? hooker I be not sure she be in town . . gondorff all right , Ohio , send she in . 82 another angle 82 Ohio open the door and motion Veronica in . . hooker Veronica , this be Henry gondorff . Veronica shake he hand . . veronica Nice to meet ya . gondorff hooker say you two play some con together . veronica yeah . go ] what do you play ? * . hoo ! ( irritate ) I tell ya that already . veronica oh , ya know , the Spanish prisoner , the tip racket , the pigeon drop . continued # 00406 47 82 continued : 82 gondorff _ ( appal ) the pigeon drop ! hooker ( to Veronica , insulted as hell ) what do you take I for ? T would not play no pigeon drop , stealin ' from old lady . ___ veronica ( blowin she top . how be I suppose to know what dumb stuff you make up ? you coulda at least fill I in . . hooker I do not even know you be comin' . __. gondorff ( call for . quiet ) . . all ragnt , all right . at first I figure you have never play any - thing but footsie together , but now _ I can see you be not even do that . what 's goin ' on ? hooker she reverse a switch on I a couple week ago . gondorff . not bad . what be you name again ? veronica sherill . Veronica sherill . gondoref you tell hooker it be sherman . veronica ~ spe so you want I to send away for my birth certificate ? 's . " gondorff * | miss sherill , - or sherman , or whatever the hell it be , when we be on a con we at least try and tell the truth continued o~ 82 #00406 48 continued - 2 82 gondorff ( cont would ) to each other . I mean you do not gotta tell it all the time , just when you be ask something ' . veronica ( somevbat . trite} , . it 's sheridan . Veronica sheridan . C 1. histicate a you play a stica sheridan ? t mean 's a cafe socie hooker she beat I doin ' a french countess with a may servant . Veronica support hooker 's assertion by spout some french . gondorff be impressed . gondorff all right , it , Veronica , you be on . be here a of ehtocge ek tonight . we be gonna run the set-up . tomor - row night we go " up against we man . Veronica nod . she play it cool , but inside she 's excited as hell . fade out 83 #00406 49 fade in ext . the bluebird club - niget locate on the amusement pier , the bluebird be macalinski 's club . hooker , eirie and Veronica be sit in a car across the street , obviously wait for something . it 's the night for the con to begin and they be all a little edgy . Veronica be particularly quiet in the back seat . eirie where 's gondorff ? he 's twenty minute late already . hooker . take it easy , eirie . he will be here . have he ever not show up before ? eirie he 's never have to do what he 's doin ! tonight , either . what if that stuff do n'€ look right ? hooker it will look right ; singleton know what he 's doi no. no eronica ) a how come we be not hear anything outa ' you , sheridan ? you nervous ? 3 veronica no , why should I be ? hooker I be nervous my first big con . veronica if TI have you skill , I would be nervous 0 . hooker that 's what we like to hear , sheridan . I be afraid you be gettin ' stiff on we back there . a pair of headlight appear down the street and stop about twenty foot away . booker that 's he . let 's go , eirie . ( to veronica} . lag we about thirty second . continued 83 83 84 85 85 - a 85 - B 86 #00406 50 continued 83 Veronica nod she head . as hooker and eirie get out of the car , we : : cur to int . the bluebird cafe - night 84 the most exclusive club in Atlantic City and definitely in the tradition of the great supper club of the early forty . characterize by its bold deco design , satin curtain and tablecloth and a elevate bandstand with its busby Berkeley backdrop , the bluebird pride itself on its elegance . the bandstand be actually divide into three tier , the top tier ( contain the drummer and piano player ) a flood twelve foot above the floor , the waiter be all dress in black tux - edo , the band in tail , and the cocktail waitress and cigarette girl in tuxedoettes -- backless tuxedo jacket , tuxedo short with cummerbund , high heel with spat , and top hat -- much like the girl in fatha hine Grand Terrace orus . angle . 85 hooker and eirie enter the club , and after check they hat , move to a position to eyeball the floor . there point of view 85-a then the band vocalist be into a rendition of " I can not get start . " back with erie and hooker 85 - B . eirie which one be he ? hooker the wey at the table in back with all bimbos around hin . on macalinski 86 sit at hig private table , hold court with several y girl of . sically impose , 258 than handsome . man , facalinski breesce with all the flash of the true narcissist . his taste be expensive like the tuxedo kid 's , but not nearly as good . : 87 87 - a 87 - B 88 89 #00406 $ 1 on veronica 87 Veronica enter the club now , a vision in black satin . she inform the maitre d' that she 's alone and be lead to a table within macalinski 's line of sight . she light a cigarette and survey the room , a stun presence , at once sophisti - cate and totally relaxed . on macalinski 87-a macalinski spy she just as another guy sit down with she . on eirie and hooker 87 - B .__ eirie who 's that jerk ? hooker . I do not know , but we gotta get he outta there . give he a call , eirie . with eirie 88 eirie immediately walk over to Veronica 's table . on the way , he snatch a napkin from a empty table and drape it over he arm , give the appearance of a waiter . EI Excuse I , sir , what 's you name ? richardson Richardson . lionel Richardson . eirie that 's what I think . Mr. Richardson , there 's a call for you in the lobby . on the green phone . Richardson get up to take he call wonder who could be call he here . on macalinskt 89 macalinski look over again and catch Veronica 's eye . she make contact , give just a hint of interest and then , demure slightly . macalinski take it as a invitation . he get up and move confidently toward Veronica 's table , leav~ - ing he entourage to fend for itself . 90 91 #00406 52 at veronica 's table 90 he arrive at the table and go into he open line , only to find another Voice say it in unison with he . macalinski and voice good evening , mind if I sit down ? angle 91 macalinski and the camera turn toward the source of the other Voice . stand there be one of the sharpest - look black man we have ever see . resplendent in a ivory suit with vest , shoe and hat to match , the man be particularly strik - ing because of he deep blue eye . of course , the man be gondorff£ . both man look at each other with contempt , but each adopt a civil tone . gondorff there seem to be a echo in here . : macalinski Excuse I , but I be afraid I be here first . : gondorff I be sorry , but I believe I be here first . gondorff look to Veronica to settle the dispute . gondo ! madam ? ae veronica I really could not tell . it seem you both be here at the same time . , macalinski who would you prefer , then ? __ veronica I do not know either of you well enough to prefer , it 's no disgrace for ' two man to sit at the same table , be i continued 91 #00406 53 continued 91 both man exchange glance as if fully expect the other to leave , when it do not happen , both sit , none too happy with the situation . macalinski ( to Veronica I be Carlo macalinski . I own the club here . you may have hear of I . veronica . noe I be sorry . I be new in Atlantic ‘ity . ( offerin ‘her hand lola forrest . Veronica turn to gondorff now , he take she hand and kiss it as he introduce himself . macalinski be disgust by gondorff 's elaborate chivalry . gondorff ivory berrigan . it 's a pleasure to meet you , miss forrest . . . veronica do you live here too ? gondorff no , I be here on business . unfortu - nately I have to travel quite a bit oversee various interest . when I encounter a woman of you charm , it make all the mile worthwhile . veronica well , go you , Mr. berrigan . you be very ki macalinski want to throw up . gondorff ( to Veronica ) I be wonder if oud like to go somewhere nice for dinner . I know a place across the .... macalinskt __ ( snap ) we have get the best food in town right be . continued 91 #00406 54 continued - 2 91 gondorff . I beg to differ , Mr. macalinski . macalinski have have enough . the pretense of amiability be quickly drop . - macalinski why do not you come off that culture bit . you be not foolin' miss forrest . she 's gonna be spend ~ ing the evening with I . : gondorff maybe if you chain she to the table . veronica gentlemen ! macalinski you know , I could always have you show to the door . gondorff I doubt if that would make a favor - able impression with miss forrest . and it might look °° '' you staff like you be afraid of veronica please , there 's really no need .... Veronica 's plea for peace be a drop in the bucket . there 's no turn back now . . macalinski you do not worry I , berrigan . just ' cause you shine enough shoe to buy yourself a suit do not mean you can own phi town with the white folk . town . miss forrest know Te can give she anything she want . gondorff except class , they would not even let you in here if you do not own the place . continued 91 92 #00406 55 continued - 3 91 ___ macalinski ( gettin hot now ) who you talkin ' to about class , brown boy . I have have over five hundred fe- male in my life . gondorff yeh , but four hundred ninety of them be sheep . — macalinski stand up as to invite gondorf£ outside , just as : another angle 92 eirie pass by with a drink . eirie make sure to bump into he shower drink all over macalinski 's head and suit . eirie apologize profusely , but receive nothing but verbal abuse in return . while macalinski be busy toweling off he suit , gondorff come over and attempt to dry macalinski 's hair with a nap - kin . he make one swipe , and 's suddenly macalinski be bald . veronica Mr. macalinski , you hair ! macalinski reach for the top of he head and feel only skin . he have a terrible realization as gondorff look in he napkin and hold up a slightly soggy hairpiece . . gondorff . . this be real convenient , macalinski . we will just send this rug out to be dry clean and you will not have to wash you hair . what will they think of next ? be that you real nose ? macalinski 's humiliation have give way to pure rage . he try to snap the toupee out of gondorff 's hand . . macalinski give I that . unfortunately , gondorff pull away slightly as macalinski grab the hair , cause the hairpiece to split right up the middie . at this point , gondorff let go and call for a waiter loud enough for the whole club hear . continued 92 93 #00406 56 continued 92 . . gondorff waiter , waiter ! could we get some thread over here ? Mr. macalinski seem to have a run in he wig . macalinski motion the waiter to get lose or fear for he ife . . gondorff ( with sincerity ) . that 's too bad . it be such a nice one too . you probably get lotsa compliment on that . ' course you would think they would give ya better glue with it . macalinski you watch you tongue , nigger , or you will wake up one morning without it . another angle : 93 macalinski have say this with he back to Veronica so that she have not hear it .- gondorff figure maybe it 's time to lay off for a while . both man take they seat , as macalinski reach for a deck of card in the center of the table . , macalinski ( surprising ] : __ compose now ) I think we owe it to miss forrest to settle we difference like gentleman . a simple game of skill . macalinski put two card face down on the table . he then go through the deck and pull out the queen of diamond . he hold it up for gondorff and Veronica to see . .. , macalinski the queen , in honor of miss forrest . he put the queen face down on the table between the two other card , and lay the rest of the deck aside . as he do it , we see he slip one card up he sleeve . th . . macalineri I e game be 's @ enough . I move the card around . Mr. berrigan try to pick out the queen . if he do , he will have the pleasure of miss forrest 's company alone . if not , he will leave & club and never return . Fair enough , berrigan . continued 93 #00406 57 continued 93 . _ gondorff Fair enough . macalinski ( to Veronica ) . why do not you try it once , just to show Mr. berrigan how it 's do ? _ veronica all right , if you insist . macalinski move the card . it 's easy to follow the queen . it end up in the middle . Veronica pick it out with no rouble . . macalinski see , nothin ' to it , berrigan . even you should be able to do it . as macalinski take the queen back from Veronica , he palm it and replace it with the card up he sleeve , it 's do in a movement so deat that we can only see it in slow motion . gondorff and Veronica can not possibly have see it at all . macalinski put the new card face down in the middle again , with everyone assume it 's still the queen . . _macalinski _ all right , berrigan , you turn . macalinski begin move the card again , more quickly this time , but it 's still not difficult to follow the card that should have be the queen . it end up in the middle again . . macalinski well , which one be it ? gondorff study the card . it seem like there 's no way he can win . none of they be queen . gondorff put he hand on the two outside card . . gondorff I will say it 's neither of this two . before macalinski can protest , gondorff flip over the two card . neither , of course , be the queen . gondorff look like I win . the queen have get to be the other one . macalinski do a slow burn , but there 's nothing he can do . he 's be outfox . he go to take in the non-queen that 's still face down , but gondorff 's hand be on it first . - continued 93 94 95 #00406 58 continued = 2 93 . gondorff | I just wanta thank the little lady before she go back in the deck . gondorff flip over the card . it 's a four of club . Veronica react with feign shock . macalinski try to maintain he ignity . gondorff tf you will excuse we , miss forrest and I have a date for dinner . macalinski ( to Veronica ) . you be not really gonna go out with he , be ya ? veronica it would be a pleasure . as veroncia and gondorff get up to leave , gondorff flip a dollar bill toward macalinski . gondorff that 's for the use of the table . keep the change . ( point to macalinski 's ss maybe you can get yourself a shine . macalinski give gondorff a look that could kill . with gondorff 94 as he turn and leave the club with Veronica on he be . he wink at hooker as he pass he table . on macalinski 95 as he start back toward he own table . there 's a on he shoulder . he turn around to find a very agitate : lionel Richardson . _. richardson Excuse I , sir , I be tell you be the owner . can you tell I where the green phone 1s ? continued 95 96 97 #00406 59 continued 95 macalinski he walk away , leave poor Richardson to make another futile search for he telephone call . cur to ext . the bluebird club ~ later that night 96 macalinski , accompany by three bodyguard , come out a side door of the club and walk down the pier to the amusement center . he 's generally in a foul mood , and have send the woman home for the night . : ext . amusement park - night 97 a couple of concessionaire say hello to macalinski , but he do not respond . as he reach the park entrance , hooker approach from the side . he 's dress more work class now , complete with a cagney beret . he adopt the speech pattern of a prizefighter . . hooker Mr. macalinski . hooker get no acknowledgement from macalinski , but be imme - diately surround by two bodyguard . macalinski walk on ahead . hooker I wanta see macalinski . '' bodyguard he do not wanna see nobody . . hooker tell he it 's about ivory berrigan . one of the bodyguard hustle ahead to macalinski . they have a short conference and the bodyguard wave hooker and the | second bodyguard forward . macalinski , however , do not wait for they . he continue on toward he objective . hooker where be we goin ' ? can not I talk to he here ? bodyguard he 's takin ' he ride . he do it every night before he go to bed . say it help he sleep . 98 98- a #00406 60 ext . amusement park - at parachute jump ~ night 98 finally macalinski reach he destination -- the famous parachute jump , a awesome tower of steel reach 300 foot into the air , culminate at the top in a brightly light eight - pronge platform . suspend by long cable from each prong of the platform be the flimsy - look two - seater chair , which now dangle a few foot off the ground wait for the next round of rider . have no weight in they at this point , the chair swing slightly in the breeze , send ping noise up the cable which just seem to disappear in the dark sky above . not a ride for the faint of heart . the Operator of the parachute be quite familiar with macalinski . . operator even , Mr. macalinski . oughta be _ able to see all the way to Philadelphia tonight . macalinski just nod . for the first time , he turn to face hooker , who have catch up by now . . macalinskt . you be in the club tonight , right ? hooker yeah , but .... macalinski opoint to the _ parachute chair ) get in . hooker look up at the tower . he 's not at all sure he want to get in that seat . macalinski you wanna talk or do not ya ? hooker nod weakly and get into the seat . the Operator strap they in and the chair begin to rise . on hooker and macalinski 98 - a booker ; the name 's florian , Bobby florian . hooker offer he hand . macalinski ignore it . , macalinski what about berrigan ? hooker ; that thing he do with you hair and all . that be not no accident . : continued o~ 98- a 99 99 - a #00406 61 continued 98-a hooker ( cont would ) he would be plannin ' to do that as a favor for some friend of he , jojo Berry and will bate , who do not like you so good , just to make you look bad in you own joint . macalinski ( sarcastically ) . and you feel so bad about it , you decide to tell I so I could kill ya . hooker hey , look , I get nothin ' against you . I be a fighter , not a mob gee . I just do what he tell I up to now . __macalinski be this business interest he say he 's get all fighter ? hooker yeah , I and a couple other guy who be not worth shinola . he make he dough offa my right hand . hooker hold up a clench right fist to demonstrate the point . ___ hooker see , when I sign with this guy , he tell I he be gonna bring I along right .... at this point , hooker happen to glance down at the ground : hooker' point of view - the ground below 99 which be now about 150 foot away . it scare the hell out of im . back with hooker : 99 - a op fooker . anyway , I win my first four fight in a row all by knockout , three of ‘em in the first heat . so he get I a fight with Alvarado , who 's rank number fifteen . the guy 's so far continued 99 - a 100 100 - a 101 # 00406 , 62 continued 99 - a : hooker ( cont would ) over the hill , you can not see he no more , and berrigan tell I I gotta throw the fight so he can pay off some marker . take a dive in the fifth . so I be out there , fresh as a daisy , be not be hit with nothin ' all night , and I gotta lie down . hooker steal another quick glance at the ground . hooker' point of view - the ground below 100 the height be start to get to he . back with hooker and macalinski 100 - a macalinski , meanwhile , continue to take in the sight like he be look out a train window . hooker so he leave I alone the next three fight , I bust three more guy , include frankie Carl , who be not no bum . I take he out in the fourth . . so now I get a shot at Kelley ina week , who could not beat I with a axe , and berrigan want I to go in the water again . every time I start gettin ' someplace , he tank I out . T be not gonna take that no more . I coulda be eight and zero by now and fightin ' high ranker . another angle 101 the height be about 240 foot now and the wind be beginning to blow the chair around a little . hooker be struggle to maintain he cool . macalinski that 's very touch , but what do ya need I for ? hooker if I cross berrigan , I be gonna need some protection . I do not take that dive , and he people ' 1l break my leg . they tell I you get some muscle in this town . I do not know if it 's enough to handle berrigan , but I be willin ' to take a chance . continued pw 301 a 102 103 '' ~~ #00406 continued 63 _ macalinski ( chuckle to himself ) do not think I get enough to handle berrigan , huh ? . hooker I be tellin ' ya , he 's no good . I see what he 's do to some people . nobody want to mess with he . _ _macalinski ; well , assume I do not die of fright , what 's in it for I ? hooker well , I get some money goin ' down on this fight . I be layin ' six grand on I . I cut you in for , say , twenty percent at even odd , that 's , ah .... macalinski ( instantly ) twelve hundred dollar . hooker that oughta be worth some protection . . macalinski about fifteen minute . . hooker . okay ... fifty percent . look , I be not get any more . what do you say ? on macalinski macalinski ' be not about to say . top now . on hooker hooker take a look , but * two foot he look out over the panorama . _ _ , macalinski ( point __ horthwest ) arnie be right . you can see Philadelphia . u ickly fix again on a in front of he face . he really look ba 101 102 the chair have reach the 103 oint about now . the rigid expression of one who be really scared stiff . continued 103 104 105 106 #00406 64 continued 103 suddenly the bottom drop out and the chair plunge in what seem like free fall . so realistic be this ride that the armed force use to use it to train paratrooper . the last glimpse we have of hooker be one of sheer terror . about eighty foot from the bottom a parachute open and slow the final stage of the descent . we : CUT to the bottom of the ride 104 as the seat settles down to the ground , macalinski step out like he would just be for a manicure . hooker stagger out , not at all sure of he balance . booker so what do ya say , macalinski ? | macalinski ( walk away ) : I will think about it . what gym you train at ? ; hooker gold 's on seventh . where should I call ya ? the club ? macalinski forget it , if I want to talk to ya , T 'li get in touch with you . hooker watch they go , lean on a post for support . once they be safely out of sight , he stumble over to a trash can and throw up . cuT to ext . a diner on the amusement pier - night 105 a typical waterfront greasy spoon with a horseshoe counter and napkin holder that dispense fortune . int . diner on the pier - night . 106 hooker enter the diner to get something to settle he stomach . the place be pretty empty this time of night . hooker order a bicarbonate , while he 's wait , he happen to look across the counter just as a familiar face look up at he . it 's he old friend , Lieutenant Snyder , the Chicago bunco detective . the two man be astonished to . see each other . at first , neither of they move from he position . - continued 106 #00406 65 continued 106 snyder hi there , hooker . remember I ? hooker how could I forget you , Snyder . | what be you doin ' in Atlantic City , bringin ' in a new disease ? Snyder have long since learn to let crack like that roll off he back . he feign casualness , but be ready to move at the slight hint that hooker be go to flee . hooker , on the other hand , be finely attune to any sign that Snyder may attack . hooker 's bicarbonate be bring to he by the fountain attendant . er I be with the federal bunco people now . come down here to pinch a guy . _ _ , hooker ( drink he bicarbonate ) well I hope you find he . _ snyder . I just do . do not expect he to walk right up to I though . __ hooker : you be bluffin' . the fed get bigger guy to worry about than I . . snyder not this one . I coulda overlook that three grand in bad note you slip I in Chicago , but when you play I for the chump in that lonnegan caper , that tore it . it be ail I could do to keep lonnegan from puttin ' a bullet in I . I figure if you go up for a ten - year stretch , it might square thing up . . _ hooker you know it be not gonna do no good to chase I . I have always be faster than you . snyder yeah , but I get the endurance . I be waitin ' four year for this . # 00406 66 107 another angle 107 Snyder get up from he stool to make he move . hooker flip a coin on the counter to pay for the_ bicarbonate and then sprint out the door with Snyder in close pursuit . 108 ext . amusement park pier - night - on hooker 108 racing down the amusement midway with Snyder at he heel , both dodging the street vendor and the scattered people still strolling the pier at this hour . hooker make for the fun House , leaping the turnstile much to the surprise of the attendant . Snyder flash he badge as he crash through . curt to 109 int . fun house - night 109 like most forty fun house , this one consist of a series of " obstacle " that one must pass through to get out . once you be in the progression , you have to go on . there 's no turn back . the obstacle be design to be fun if take at a deliberate speed . if you be in a hurry , the place can be treacherous . neither hooker nor Snyder be deliberate . 110 fun house entrance tunnel 110 the first obstacle be a revolve drum just inside the entrance tunnel . it 's difficult enough to walk through . but hooker try to take it at a dead run . he 's throw down violently and tumble several time , Snyder be able to grab he for a instant , but be immediately throw off he foot too . lll angle 111 the two man grapple fiercely , tumble head over heel , bang off the wall , flail at each other with arm and leg . neither be able to establish dominance because of the constant revolve of the drum . hooker finally kick himself free and scramble out on hand and knee . both man have take a terrible beat . . 112 another tunnel in the fun house 112 hooker jump to he foot and head into another tunnel , this one pitch dark . still the two go as fast as they can , in a effort to gain ground , crash from side to side , trip on thing , knock over the laugh clown and roaring devil that pop out at they . : 113 114 115 #00406 67 at a four - lane slide in the fun house 113 hooker emerge from the tunnel at the top of a four-lane slide . usually one negotiate the slide by sit on a burlap sack . hooker disdain the sack , fling himself down the slope head first . both be get skin burn to go with the bruise they get in the barrel . neither man be have fun in this house . in the fun house ~- at the bottom of the slide 114 hooker have he choice of the " slant House " or the " Mirror maze . " a good mirror maze be truly a confound expersence . people have be know to get lose in they for upwards of a hour . in the fun house ~ mirror maze 115 Snyder charge in after hooker , and be bring to a quick stop by the sight of sixteen different image of himself . the pace of the chase now change completely . Snyder make he way slowly through the maze , painstakingly try to discern the real path from all the reflect one . every once in a while a image of hooker will flash across several mirror , but Snyder have no idea which one to chase . it 's quiet now , the only sound , the labor breathe of the two man . hooker finally call to Snyder from another part q e maze . '' hooker you never shoulda follow I in here , Snyder . I have be through this maze a hundred time . -snyder it do not matter what you do , hooker . I be not leavin ' Atlantic City with - out you . . hooker | guess I might as well give up then . suddenly , hooker appear rig t off Snyder 's leave shoulder . he cock he arm for a punch , but Snyder catch he out of the corner of he eye , whirl around , and smashes a mighty blow to hooker 's gut . or what he think be hooker . un - fortunately , it 's just another mirror image . hooker , because of he experience in this maze , know just where to stand to create a single reflection . Snyder 's punch splinter the mirror to bit and open a nasty cut on he head . continued 415 116 117 #00406 68 continued 115 Snyder be a enraged bull now . several image of hooker begin to appear in the mirror . Snyder go after all of they , wildly clubbing they with he pistol butt , kick they with he boot , shatter mirror after mirror in a frantic attempt to destroy the real hooker . finally all the image of hooker disappear , and Snyder hear he footstep recede rapidly in the distance . he know by the time he find he way out , hooker will be long go . he look back at the trail of destruction he 's leave and then slump back against the wall in exhaustion . we hold a beat and : cuT to ext . the chinese market - night 116 the store be close , but hooker get in with a key and go back to the " meat locker . " int . meeting room - night 117 gondorff , singleton , the Big Ohio , the tuxedo kid and eirie be wait for he . gondorff have get out of he ivory suit , prefer , of course , he undershirt and fedora . however , he 's still in he makeup . we see that it only cover from he neck up and from he wrist out . the rest of he be lily - white . : gondorff well it take ya long enough . how would it go ? . hooker he do not say much . 1 do not know how good a hook I get into he . gondorff . what would he say when you tell he about the Kelley fight ? hooker nothin ' . just keep lookin ' at the scenery . maybe he do not hate you - enough yet . gondorff it 's not enough for this guy to hate ya . they gotta see how they can make money offa hatin ' ya . he will figure it out . continued 117 118 119 #00406 69 continued 117 hooker that be not the worst of it . I run into Snyder tonight . gondorff what the hell 's he doin’ here ? hooker . he 's a feed now . be failin ' he way upward , but he still do not like I any better than he use to . gondorff you think he know what we be here for ? hooker naw , he come for I . say he 's gonna send I up this time . gondorff you say the word , we all go home . none of we would like to see you do a stretch . . hooker | forget it . none of we like the stretch kid twist be doin ' either . I have stay away from Snyder this long , I can lose he for another couple week . ; gondorff ( tired ) . okay , let 's knock off for tonight . cut to ext . a atlantic CITY STREET - night 118 it 's late at night now and the street be about desert . hooker be make he way home stay in the shadow as much as possible in case Snyder may be patrol the street . he pass a apartment building and see a light on ina third floor window . he stop for a second , consider it and decide to enter the building . CUT to int . veronica's apartment build - night - hooker 119 etting off the elevator , a old cage - type , at the third loor . he go down the hall to door 306 and knock . the door open , and there stand Veronica . the radio play helen forrest 's " I be nobody 's baby . " continued # 00406 119 continued hooker , 70 119 __ hooker howdy . I be in the neighborhood ; 1 think I would drop by and say you do a nice job on macalinski tonight . ____ veronica ( make no move to invite he in ) it be nothin' . just another con . . hooker if it be so nothin' , why be not you asleep yet ? veronica just restless , I guess . tired of stand in the doorway , walk right in , much to the chagrin of Veronica . 120 int . veronica's apartment ~ night 120 . _ , . veronica I do not invite you in . hooker I think you might like some company for a change . I never see you with anybody . Christ , sheridan , how come you be so hard - nose all the time ? I mean , now that we be even Steven .... veronica we be not never gonna be even Steven , and if I want company , I woulda get some . I know ten guy I could call right now and they would be up here inside a five minute . . hooker all right , I will not stay long . I know you wanna get back to not worryin ! ' about the con . can I have a beer ? I will pay ya for it . hooker go in the icebox and get two bottle of beer . Veronica plunk herself down on the couch , she arm cross . she be restless . continued # 00406 continued 71 120 veronica get I one too , maybe it will make I tired . if I do not have to worry about macalinski seein ' I , I could go out dancin ' or somethin’ . hooker you could dance here . . veronica not likely . you need a partner . hooker you get one . veronica aw , c'mon . I use to teach dancin’ . I do not dance with just any shlump . ; _ hooker _ ( infuriate ) you think I can not dance ? I happen to be from Chicago , sweetheart . veronica so be I . . hooker you go to high school at all ? veronica yeah . taft . hooker taft ? I go to jefferson . score two touchdown on ya in ' 24 . eighty - five yard punt return . sixteen yar end run . and I be only a sophomore . if I would ever get to be a junior , no tellin’ how many I mighta score . veronica that do not mean you can dance . everybody know a jaffie could not take two step in a row . hooker : why would I ask ya to dance if I could not dance ? continued 120 121 #00406 72 continued = 2 120 . veronica you do not come over to dance . I know what you come up here for . none of the eruye at jefferson could do that , either . . hooker not with a taft broad , anyhow . you be liable to catch somethin’ . ogoing over to .. . , the record player ) sit tight , doll . i'11 show ya who 's from Chicago . hooker search quickly through some record and find some - thing he like , Glenn Miller 's " in the mood . " he put it on the turntable and drop the needle . he move a couple chair out of the way to make more room as the intro start . Veronica can not believe this . : _rooker all right , sheridan . do you worst . another angle 121 the beat come up and hooker and Veronica launch into the most knock - down , killer - diller lindy jitterbug we have ever see , feature all the great " air step " and acrobatics the early forty could muster . Veronica execute a amazing series of twirl , kick and jump that come within inch of take hooker 's head off . hooker , on the other hand , be a great power dancer , whipping Veronica around like a top , throw she over he back , around ‘his shoulder and under he leg . they be both dance fluidly : but with a certain savagery -- each one try to outdo the other , each one try to push the dance into step that the other can not follow . it 's a slam - bang two minute . the soul train all - start get nothin ' on this . the record end and the dance finish in a draw . both hooker and Veronica maintain they nonchalance , like it be a walk in the park , each try hard to disguise the fact that they be gasp for breath . hooker chug the last of he beer and : pick up he hat . hooker hope ya get some sleep . veronica yeah , see ya around . continued 121 #00406 73 continued i121 hooker walk quietly out the door . once he 's go , Veronica sag into a chair , completely wear out , but not a little bit exhilerate . she will get to sleep tonight . ' I be nobody 's baby , I wonder why . wo not someone hear my plea and please take a chance with I because I be nobody 's baby now . ' fade out 123 #00406 74 fade in int . lonnegan' HOTEL room - morning 122 the same room we see he in at the beginning of the film . the photograph be still on the wall , but there 's now a blank space where kid twist 's picture once hang . one of lonnegan 's aid , gelleher , be 's owe he a flyer adver - tise the florian ( hooker ) - Kelley fight . gelleber look like they be gonna use some kinda box scam , peddle hooker as a fighter . I hear they tie into macalinski last year . lonnegan yeah , scanlon tell I about it . gondorff play he make up like a nigger . just the think of what scanlon tell he start lonnegan chuckle , pretty soon he 's laugh almost uncontrol ably . gelleher be a little take aback . he 's never see lonnegan like this before . ( barely able to talk ) . '' '' you know what they do to he ? gelleher no , what ? - lonnegan be laugh so hard it take he ten second to quiet down enough to tell gelleher what gondorff do . _ lonnegan they take off he toupee ... ( breakin up again -.. and rip it ! gelleher _ ( amaze ) and rip ? lonnegan can only nod . he 's convulse with laughter again . he pound the desk with sheer glee . another angle 123 suddenly , floyd storm into the room , obviously agitate about something . he plunk a copy of the Chicago tribune down on lonnegan 's desk . : continued 123 #00406 continued 75 123 floyd doyle , look at this . that bastard Chicago da have indicted we . can you believe they rabbit ? for tax eva - sion , the bum . that sucker 's lookin ! for a lead luncheon . lonnegan do not get excited , floyd . I know about it a week ago , we have beat _ that rap before , we will beat it again . floyd but do not you see what this do ? the fed will be all over we . we can not go around killin' gondorff 's people with that much heat on . we will all end up in the chair . lonnegan I know all that floyd . I have be thinkin ' about it all week . floyd so what do we do ? just let them go ? ( get work up and point to the flyer ) ' that guy call I mutt . lonnegan no. ( pause ) . we get macalinski to kill ‘em for we . floyd yeah , but we be the one who take it in the short . what kinda charge do we get outa this . __ , lonnegan just the satisfaction of bring off a con that go gondorff one better than he give we . as good as he game be , it only take we money . so macalinski pull the triggers . Dead be dead . floyd not to I , it be not . a guy be always deader when I kill : he . how do you know macalinski will do it ? : continued 123 124 125 #00406 76 continued - 2 123 lonnegan do not worry about macalinski . I will give he a reason . there 's only one guy in this world I fear more than he . gelleher who 's that ? lonnegan me. this last remark be lose on floyd . he 's totally absorb in the flyer on hooker 's fight . floyd , Christ , mutt and Jeff . I hate fuckin' mutt and Jeff . if I be in the ring with this guy , I would punch he a new ace . cur to int . golding be gym - day - a montage sequence 124 detail hooker 's somewhat reluctant training for the Kelley fight . we see shot of he : 1 . skip rope ; 2 . shadow box in front of a mirror ; 3 . practice he crossing punch on the ' punch catcher ' hold by the Big Ohio ; 4 . work the speed bag . he have a little trouble with this last one , as he timing be not yet sharp . all of this training be do under the supervision of the Big Ohio , who seem to be very knowledgeable about fight . int . golding be gym - day - on hooker 125 we come out of the montage with hooker throw combination into the heavy bag . lorff ( in black face and the ivory suit ) and the Big Ohio be watch he . hooker be sweat profusely and obviously get a little tired . the rest of the gym be fill with confidence man , all dress out as fighter and trainer , but at this point , they be just sit - ting around shoot the breeze . _ hooker ( gasp ) how much longer ? the big ohio ( look at he stopwatch ) Minute and a half . continued # 00406 77 125 continued 125 that 's too long . hooker drop he arm and stop punch . gondorff ' c'mon , you will never get in shape that way . hooker what difference do it make ? I be gonna be down anyway . gondorff yeah , but you gotta make it look good . macalinski 's gonna know something 's wrong if you fast go out there and get pulverize . hooker how good be this guy Kelley ? _.. , gondorff ( mimick hooker ) . what difference do it make ? you be gonna lie down anyway . hooker . yeah , but I wanta lie down with my head on . _. , , gondorff then keep hittin ' the bag . suddenly eirie come rush into the gym . . .. eirie . macalinski just drive up outside . gondorff . okay , everybody , let 's get movin 's ! immediately all the previously inert confidence man spring to they foot and begin the various rigor of training . some work the speed bag and heavy bag , some get rubdown , other shadowbox . the tuxedo kid take up a position next to gondorff , dress in a gaudy , checker sport coat . we know this disguise be cause he great pain . gondorff Ohio , get in the ring and spar a few round with hooker . and Ohio .... h the big ohio yeah ? gondorff get hit a lot . continued 125 #00406 78 continued - 2 125 hooker and the Big Ohio quickly put on they protective head - lear and jump into the ring . macalinski enter the gym with ee of the bodyguard , he survey the scene a second and then spot hooker sparring in the ring . he come over to watch , stand a couple foot behind gondorff and the tuxedo kid , who pretend not to know he 's there . up in the ring , hooker be punch the Big Ohio all over the lot , the Big Ohio , of course , exaggerate the impact of every blow . finally hooker deliver a leave hook , and the Big Ohio , in a tour de force of acrobatics , flip over the rope and clean out of the ring . gondorff call hooker and pretend to be furious with hin . gondorff what the hell do ya think you be doin ' ? I tell you not to show that leave hook . what if some sport - writer have see that ? you think they would ever believe you could lose to dann Kelley on the square with a leave hook like that ? , _ hooker I be sorry . I just forget my self . none of this have be lose on macalinski 's ear . the Big Ohio meanwhile , be staggering to he foot . the big ohio ( daze ) sorry berrigan , I have have enough . gondorff yeah , all right . ( shouting up to hooker ) . Bobby , that 's enough for a while . hooker climb out of the ring and wink as he walk past macalinski . gondorff turn around and for the first time be face to face with macalinski . 4 _ gondorff . well , if it be not macalinski . you ever find that Queen ? . __ macalinski yeah , it be in my sleeve . ( indicate gondorff 's suit ) I find it ' cause I change my clothes now and then . continued # 00406 79 of ~ 125 continued - 3 125 . gondorff oh , this be not the same suit you see I in . I get seven or eight of this . macalinski do not resally come to talk fashion . macalinski . you boy look pretty good , berrigan . gondorff . yeah , do not he though . let I give you a tip macalinski . do not tell . anybody ' cause I wanna keep the odd down , but this kid be gonna murder Kelley . you would be smart to get some money down on he . macalinski I would n'ta think you would be so interested in puttin’ I onto a good thing . . gondorff I believe in lettin’ bygone by bygone , a know what I mean ? I do not mind oo loin 's guy like you a favor . 1 figure you can use a break now and then . I would not steer you wrong , macalinski . you can not lose with a bundle on this id . macalinski be that right ? thanks , berrigan . I appreciate it . {with sarcasm , sweeping he hand around the gym ) - well , I will leave ya to tend to all you various business interest . gondorff yeah , by the way , lola send she love . macalinski suppress the urge to strangle gondorff , and leave the gym with he guard dog . on the way out , he pass hooker toweling off . macalinski ( out of the side of of he mouth ) meet I at the bluebird tonight at nine o'clock . continued 125 126 127 #00406 80 continued - 4 - 125 hooker nod , and macalinski disappear down the stair . gondorff look over to hooker for some sign . hooker give he both thumb up . cur to int . the bluebird club - night 126 we pick up hooker walk through the club and back to . macalinski 's office . he knock on the door . int . macalinski's office 127 one of macalinski 's goons open it and immediately yank hooker inside and throw he up against a wall . . . hooker what be this ? macalinski | we call the Jersey box Commission , they never hear of Bobby florian . hooker . . that 's ' cause I do all my fightin’ in California . . ( pull a piece of paper out of he wallet here , here 's my license . macalinski look it over carefully , and then put it in he pocket . macalinski _ ( to he goon ) all right , let he go . hooker sink into a chair opposite macalinski 's desk , still a little shake . . macalinski you owner be even lower than I think he be . he try to get I to put money on you , even though he 's tell ya to take a dive . hooker that 's ' cause he want ya to lose you shirt . continued 127 #00406 continued 81 127 macalinski how much be he puttin ' on Kelley ? hooker . two hundred grand maybe . that be not the only way he win though . remember the guy in the check coat that be with ' im in the ? that 's Harry Chandler , he bookie friend . the odd on the fight be dead even all over town , except Harry 's givin ' two - to -one on Kelley to get people to bet on I at he book . macalinski do he know you be suppose to dump the fight ? hooker Hell , yes . he build up a big bunch a bet on I and he and berrigan split the take . berrigan get it comin ' and goin ' and I do not get nothing but a_ one line story that say Bobby florian go on he butt when Danny Kelley breathe on he too hard . berrigan take it on the lam to the Bahamas and I wind up sellin ' pencil . I tell ya , if I do not throw 's fight , it 's gonna cost Chandler and berrigan plenty . macalinski and whoever bet on you at Chandler 's odd be gonna win plenty . . hooker . that 's right . that 's what I be doin ' with my dough . i be havin ' a friend bet it , of course . ; _macalinski all right , florian , I wanta see ya fight . _ _ hooker you see I fight today . . macalinski I mean against somebody good . hooker . why ? all I be askin ' for be protection . . macalinski you be not gonna get any unless I see you fight . continued 127 128 129 130 #00406 . 82 continued - 2 127 hooker but that 's impossible . berrigan will never let I fight before the Kelley match . macalinski he will not know about it . we will do it at another gym . : hooker what if I get cut or somethin' ? macalinski you will not if you be any good , and if you be not , you might as well take that dive anyway . I 'l ] pick you up to - morrow morning at ten . the bus station . hooker want to protest some more , but he 's hustle out of the room before he get a chance . int . bluebird club - night 128 he walk through the club , wonder what the hell to do now . cur to ext . the bluebird club - night 129 hooker come out of the club and start walk up the street when he catch sight of someone get out of a car up ahead . it 's Snyder . hooker turn and take off down the pier . Snyder immediately give chase . ext . amusement park - day 130 hooker head for the " cyclone racer " , the giant roller coaster . he hop in the first car , which be empty , and shout to the operator , whom he know well . hooker get this baby goin ' , georgie . and do I a favor . give I a slow - down on the seventh turn . georgie you get it , hooker . 131 132 133 134 135 #00406 83 ext . amusement park - at the roller coaster 131 georgie activate the tow mechanism and the car start its slow ascent of the first hill as Snyder arrive . he con - sider get in a car and go after hooker , but then think better of it . he 's no fool , that Snyder . snyder ( to himself ) oh no ya do not , hooker . you be not suckerin ' I into this one . ( to georgie ) hey buddy , this car have gotta come right back to here , do not they ? there 's no other place then can go , right ? georgie that 's right , Jack . snyder ( break into a smile ) you hang yourself this time , hooker . he lean back against the railing , in delicious anticipation of hooker 's return . we : CUT to hooker 132 barrel down the chute and whipping through the curve of the cyclone racer . it 's a helluva ride and the camera should take it for a while . suddenly , as the car be reach the top of another hill , we : cur to hooker' car 133 which slow appreciably as it go into the turn . hooker jump out and grab onto the wooden scaffold as the car barely make it around the corner and start down the hill . cuT to georgie again 134 he release the lever , and we see a hint of a smile on he face , which be a first for georgie . we : CUT to hooker 135 climb down the outside of the scaffold . none of this be visible to Snyder through the maze of track and wood that make up the roller coaster . finally we : cut to 136 137 #00406 84 ext . roller coaster landing area - night - point of view of 136 the car as it come around the last turn and slow into the load area . Snyder watch it all the way in . we see he face turn to putty . he can not believe the car be empty once it 's stop , he frantically search under and ind every seat for some sign of hooker . finally he turn to georgie . . snyder what happen to the guy that be in here ? georgie ( completely deadpan ) probably fall off and kill himself . Snyder know georgie 's screw he some way , but he do not know - he turn to go look for hooker and find himself face to face with floyd . eveni ynde : doyle L no ening , S ' be @ lonnegan like a few word with ya . snyder manage a weak nod . int . lonnegan' HOTEL room - night 137 Snyder be ushere in by floyd and gelleher . he 's a little unsettle by the picture on the wall . lonnegan hello , Snyder . what be you doin’ in Atlantic City ? snyder I be on vacation . get a couple week , think I would .... lonnegan ocutting he off ) you should not tell I lie like that , Snyder , when thing between we be 80 sore . floyd see you chasin ' johnny hooker . snyder okay , I was.chasin ' he . I come down here to take he back to Chicago . to face trial for connin ' continued # 00406 85 137 continued 137 snyder ( cont would ) you . I should think that would make you happy . fat chance . lonnegan I want you to lay off hooker . he 's workin’ a con here that 's gonna make I back all the money he ever take from I . I do not want anything to discourage he . snyder : hey look , I be a feed now , I can not just turn my back on this stuff . lonnegan all right , then we will make you a deal . you leave hooker alone and I will tell you where they be go to split up the score . that way you can come in and pinch all of them -- the biggest confidence bust in New Jersey history . Snyder try to play the brinksman . . snyder I do not know . i'11 think about it . lonnegan ( in no mood for further negotiation ) there 's nothin ' to think about . you either take the deal , or go after hooker and hope you get he before one of my guy get you . snyder you can not muscle I . I get the U.S. government behind I . lonnegan I do not care if you get the u.s. Marines behind you . you screw up this con and all you government service will get you be a nice funeral . Snyder decide maybe he will soften he line a little . continued 137 138 139 #00406 86 continued - 2 137 snyder how do you know when they be gonna make the split ? lonnegan I get my source . snyder all right . 1'11 play ball . ( with false bravado ) but you better come up with that info . Snyder turn and walk out the door . lonnegan let he go . he 's not expect anymore trouble . cur to int . golding gym - night 138 the light in the gyn be off as hooker and eirie walk through to the light office section . . int . gondorff' office - night 139 gondorff lie stretch out on a couch -- he hat on he face . he stir and sit up as hooker and eirie enter . gondorff what happen tonight ? hooker I have to lam it from Snyder again . he 's get that pier stake out on I . gondorff all right , then , stay off of it from now on . what about macalinski ? hooker he throw we a curve . he want to see ~ I fight somebody other than the Ohio . I do not know who it be , but he 's takin ' I to another gym to - morrow . gondorff Christ , after we go to all the trouble to build one of we own . eirie what be we gonna do ? continued # 00406 87 continued 139 gondorff well , I would not worry too much about it . we oughta be able to come up with something . we can tell by gondorff 's look that , at this point , he have no idea what that might be . we hold a beat , and : fade out # 00406 88 fade in 140 int . macalinski be office - morning 140 we see macalinski look over the box license he take from hooker the night before . under the name California box Commission , he see a phone number . he pick up the phone and dial it . cuT to 141 int . gondorff' office - day - billie 141 answer a phone . intercut with macalinski as necessary . billie hello , California box Commission . macalinski yeah , I would like some information on a guy name Bobby florian . billie hold on one moment , please . 1'1 ) transfer you to the record Department . - billie push the button down a couple time to indicate she 's transfer the call , and then come on the line again with a different voice . billie ( most officiously ) miss deering , record Department . macalinski I would like to know what you get on a Bobby florian . he 's a middleweight . billie just a minute , please . billie hold a few beat and then pretend to be read from a file . . . - billie florian , Bobby . Age twenty -seven . height six foot . Weight .... macalinski ( impatient ) skip all that . what 's he record ? continued om '' ( 1421 y } . | | 142 , o~ 143 144 on #00406 89 continued 141 billie his record ? let I look down here . twelve win , eight by knockout as a amateur . no loss . as a profe - sional , seven win all by knockout , and one defeat . that be to benny Alvarado at the Olympic auditorium on the 16th of July last year . macalinski thanks lady , that will do it . macalinski hang up and turn to the bodyguard who slam hooker up against the wall . macalinski he 's on the level . cuT to billie 142 she hang up the phone and give the okay sign to gondorff who 's be in the room with she the whole time . curt to ext . the atlantic CITY bus station ~ day 143 hooker be stand on the corner as macalinski 's limousine pull up . the door be open and hooker get in . he 's carry a gym bag with all he box gear in it . int . macalinski be car 144 the car pull away as hooker settles in beside macalinski . macalinski how do you feel today , kid ? hooker Fine . macalinski good . ( point to a bruiser on the other side of he ) I be puttin ' ya in with tony here . tony savitt , meet Bobby florian . tony use to be the number one middleweight contender . he will give ya a tussle . continued 144 145 146 #00406 90 continued 144 tony flash hooker a wide smile . we can tell he 's ready to give hooker more than a tussle . hooker try to smile back , but he mouth be a little dry and it 's hard to stretch it . hooker where we gonna fight ? macalinski the eighth Street gym . it 's outta the way . hardly anybody go there . hooker nod and casually put he arm out of the window like he 's go to rest he hand on the roof . instead we see he hold up two finger . cuT to int . eirie' car 145 follow behind macalinski . eirie be drive . gordorff be also in front , the Big Ohio in the back . gondorff ( eye glue to hooker 's . hand ) two finger . that 's the eighth Street gym . step on it , eirie . gondorff then put he arm out the window , turn to the rear and wave two finger at the car follow he . we see that at least eight of they be fill with confidence skill , dress out , as usual , as boxer and trainer . cuT to int . macalinski be car 146 hooker be go through he gym bag , make sure he 's get everything . he pull out a box shoe . the lace be completely frazzle . hooker ( to the driver ) stop at this five and dime up here , will ya . I gotta get some new lace for this thing . the driver look to macalinski to see if it 's okay . macalinski shrug and nod he head . as the car pull over , gondorff 's car go speed by . : continued 146 147 148 #00406 91 continued 146 eirie what 's hooker doin ' ? gondorff give we a little more time . CUT to ext . the eighth STREET gym - day 147 a car pull up in front of the gym . billie and singleton get out carry a large portrait camera . gondorff 's car lead the rest of he armada around to the rear of the building . int . the eighth STREET gym - day 148 billie go inside while singleton set up he camera out front . she ask for the owner of the place and be show into the office of a paunchy old hacker name pyle . pyle have the customary pretention of one who have nothing to be pretentious out . billie hello , I be from life Magazine . I call you earlier ? pyle I do not remember no call . billie but you must . we be do a eight - page spread on the great box gymnasium in the country . I think sure it be this one ... ( pause ) maybe it 's that one across town . Turner 's gym . pyle be not about to let this opportunity get away . the eighth Street gym be not exactly world famous . it 's not even city famous . pyle naw , this be the right one , lady . Turner 's be a dump . I remember you now . we have have more champion outta here than you can shake a stick at . ai not that right , egan ? egan be pyle 's mousy little assistant . egan ( try to remember one ) oh yeah , lot of ‘em . continued # 00406 92 148 continued 148 billie good . I would like to get start right away . if you could get everybody out in front of the gym , I would appreciate it . sort of use the gym as a back - drop . . pyle why do we need everybody ? billie that 's the way we do it for the Main Street gym in Los Angeles and paterson 's in Philadelphia . egan ( impressed as 11 ) jee , we be gonna be in there with the Main Street and paterso n 's ? pyle well , I guess if they can do it , we can . billie do not worry , Mr. pyle , you will be right out in front . pyle okay , egan , get everybody out . billie we will also need some jump rope . 149 int . the workout area - 149 egan rush into the gym . egan okay , everybody , drop what you be doin ' and come on out front . we be gonna have we picture in life Magazine . and bring you 's rope . 150 ext . eighth STREET gym 150 there 's some grumble and complain , but everyone file out . once the gym be clear , gondorff and he man pour in through the rear door and immediately fill the place with activity . . cut to 151 152 153 #00406 93 int . macalinski be car - day 151 they be get near the gym . hooker hold it . macalinski what for ? the car come to a jolting stop . hooker I know the door guard out front . we do not want he blabbin ' to berrigan . use the alley . macalinski ( to he driver ) do what he say . ext . eighth STREET gym - alley ~ day 152 the driver pull down the alley and into the back of the gym , thus prohibit they from see what 's go on out front . int , eighth STREET gym - day 153 hooker , macalinski , savitt and the bodyguard enter through the rear door . they be , of course , meet with the sight of fighter training everywhere . gondorff come over to greet they : because macalinski have never see he without black face , he would not recognize he . gondorff also alter he voice slightly . gondorf can I help you ? I be the- manager here , lonny pyle . macalinski we would like to use you ring for a bit . ( point ~ to hooker ) I wanna test this boy here a little . gondorff well , we get the number three middle - weight contender in here . he 's lookin ' for some work . why do not you throw you boy in with he ? macalinski ( indicate savitt ) no , I bring my own guy . continued 153 154 #00406 94 continued 153 gondorff have not expect this . both he and hooker be look a little pale right now . gondorff yeah . he shout over to the Big Ohio , who 's disguise in a hair - piece and moustache . gondorff hey , joey ... ( indicate savitt ) ++. tape this guy up , will ya . ( indicate hooker ) I will tape the other guy . the Big Ohio walk off to one dress room with savitt . gondorff and hooker go off to the other one , follow by eirie . hooker what the hell we gonna do now ? gondorff _ just leave it to I . okay , eirie , get that other guy 's mouthpiece out of he bag and bring it to I . eirie leave to carry out he assignment as gondorff snap up a role of tape . we : cur to ext . eighth STREET gym - day 154 singleton have get he first shot pose . the fighter be all line up in a row , with they duke up and menace sneer on they face . behind they stand the trainer , each with a towel over he arm and one hand on he fighter 's shoulder . out in front of all this stand pyle , he arm dramatically cross , the moulder of man . next to he be egan , sport the most shit -eate grin we have ever see . singleton duck under the black cloth , tell everybody to hold still and snap he picture . some of the fighter turn to go back into the gym , but billie stop they . billie okay , now we will do a action one . the fighter shake they head , but they cooperate . cuut to 155 156 157 #00406 95 int . eighth STREET gym - day 155 gondorff be busily taping hooker 's hand . much to hooker 's amazenent , he pull out a roll of nickel and tape that into looker 's fist . you can not do this for a real fight . they always check the tape . believe I , if he run into that hand , he will stay down . hooker yeah , but what be I suppose to do with everything he 's owin ' while I be waitin ' for he to run into it ? eirie burst into the room with savitt 's mouthpiece . gondoref . there 's a bottle of methyl chloride over there . let the mouthpiece soak in it a while , once savitt get some of that in he , he will not e able to walk let alone fight . we go to hooker . he have he doubt . a . cut to ext . eighth STREET gym - day - front of the build 156 billie be rehearse she action shot . it call for all of the fighter to skip rope in unison , under the watchful eye of | they trainer while pyle and egan , of course , maintain they standard pose out front . none of this be visible from inside , because , like all gymnasium , the window be frost . billie give the signal to begin and all the fighter start skip , but several be out of sync . billie stop they . billie | . ' no , no , no . let 's try it again . and remember , it 's gotta be together . on the beat now . ready . one , two , three .... they all begin skip again . this time only one guy be out of step . the bther fighter give hin holy hell . '' they be tired and y wanna get 's thing right , dammit . cuT to int . eighth STREET gym 157 hooker and savitt , they glove and protective headgear on , be enter the ring . macalinski settles back to watch . continued 157 #00406 96 continued 157 gondorff ( to savitt ) you get a mouthpiece ? savitt could not find it . do not make no difference , I will not need it . sorry pal , nobody fight in this gym without a mouthpiece . eirie get this boy a gourbp ioe . ' eirie , of course , produce the one that 's be soaking in methyi chloride . gondorff jam it into savitt 's mouth , who wince at the taste . . . _ savitt . Christ , this thing taste terrible . gondorff that 's just the antiseptic we use . what would you rather have , tuber - culosis ? savitt be pretty sure he would rather not have tuberculosis . he begin to do a little shadowbox as do hooker on the other side . even as he dance , savitt begin to shake he head a little , as if to clear it . gondorff decide it 's time start . he clap he hand and the two fighter come out . hooker immediately begin dance away from savitt , realize that savitt be get groggy . savitt stalk he and whip out a few combination , but hooker be stay so far away that they do no damage . savitt what 's the matter , you scare of I , florian ? _ hooker just wanna give my leg some work before I put you away . hooker continue to back away as savitt stalk he all over the ring . macalinski do not like what he 's see . . macalinski . c'mon , florian , fight , for chrissake . savitt decide he 's have enough of this , too . he back hooker into a corner and come in to finish he off . unfortunately the methyl chloride be really get to he now . he : throw continued 157 158 i5b - a #00406 97 continued - 2 157 two wild haymaker which miss hooker by a foot . savitt be shaking he head and blink he eye now . he look ready to fall asleep . realizing he opportunity , hooker step inside and smashes the right to savitt 's stomach . savitt double up , although he be probably get ready to fall down anyway . then hooker crank up and unleash he hardest right to savitt 's chin . savitt go down and out like a light . macalinski be amaze . he come up to hooker as he start to untie he glove . _. macalinski . Nice work , kid . I do not know you have that kinda power . get you - self a shower and we will go . hooker _ do not need a shower . do not even work up a sweat . I will just get the glove off and be right out . as hooker go off to the dress room , gondorff come over to macalinski . . _ gondorff I be in this business thirty year and I be not never see a guy with a punch like that . where would you find that kid ? macalinski be not talk . he just smile and walk away . meanwhile the bodyguard be drag savitt out to the car . once they be all outside , gondorff turn to all the gang with a more than satisfied smile . ext . eighth STREET gym - alley - day - hooker 158 emerge from the back door and get into the limousine . int . macalinski be car 158-a savitt be propped up in the back seat . hooker how 's savitt ? macalinski he 's awake , but he still do not know where he be . the limousine pull out and we : cur to 159 160 161 162 #00406 98 the front of the gym again 159 billie be ready for yet another run-through . we can tell the troops be restless . billie . all right , everybody . we will try it just once more . this be the time we get it right , okay ? one , two , three .... the fighter once again begin skip madly . this time , however , it 's perfect . Fifteen grow man 's : pping they ass off in perfect time , each rope come around at the same time , each man jump up and down in the same rhythm . it 's a to - tally ridiculous sight . angle on singleton and billie 160 singleton snap the picture as billie notice gondorff and the other drive away . billie okay , guy , that 's a keeper . thanks for you cooperation . another angle 161 the fighter and trainer drag back into the gym . singleton fold up he camera and he and billie start for they car . pyle , however , buttonhole they . pyle when 's this spread gonne hit the stand ? billie . in a couple week . you be watchin’ for it pyle be sure you spell my name right . it 's pyle . p+y-l-e. billie nod . she will be sure and get that right . int . macalinski's car 162 as it move through the city . continued 162 163 164 165 #00406 99 continued 162 macalinski | you get you protection florian . do what you want to Kelley . hooker Kelley will be ever easier than savitt here . ext . atlantic CITY bus station - day ~ 163 the limousine pull up in front of the bus terminal and hooker get out . . macalinski one more thing . where do I find - this guy Chandler ? . hooker one eighteen North cumberland . ask to see some webster jade . macalinski see ya at the fight . the limousine pull away from the curb . savitt be come out of it somewhat now . _savitt seem to I like I be goin ' down before he even hit I . ___macalinski ( humoring he ) sure , tony , sure . cur to int . veronica's apartment = night 164 vernoica be sit quietly on the couch , sip some tea and listen to Mary Lou Williams ' version of " he 's funny that Way . . ' I never have nothin ! no one to care that 's why I seem to have more than my share . I get a man : who 's crazy for I he 's funny that Way . ' another angle : 165 there 's a knock at the door . Veronica go to answer it . she seem almost excited about who might be there . she open the continued 165 166 #00406 100 continued 165 door to find macalinski and two of he goons stand in it . obviously , this be not who she be hope for . macalinski just want to give you my personal regards , lola . I woulda do it sooner , but it take a while to find you . angle , 166 with that , he drive a vicious punch into Veronica 's stomach . as she stumble forward , he rear back and blast she in the face , knock she all the way across the room and over a table . she lie unconscious on the floor . we hold on she as the light go out , the door close and we hear footstep disappear down the stair . we be leave with the plaintive note of Mary Lou Williams ' piano . cur to int . hooker be room - night 167 hooker 's do much the same thing Veronica have be do , only in accordance with he taste , he 's drink beer and listen to something a little more upbeat . something like liltin ' martha tilton 's " the Lady be a tramp . " suddenly , hooker get a knock on he door . unlike vernoica , he immedi - ately expect the worst . unlike Veronica , he do not get it . he open the door and she stagger in , she nose swollen on one side and a huge shiner on she right eye . hooker Jesus , what happen to you ? veronica the couch ) . I forget to put on my makeup . this be the way I really look . . hooker ( in no mood for flippancy ) who be it , Veronica ? oo , veronica macalinski . he think I oughta be payin ' more attention to he . you think I could have a beer ? you owe I one . hooker ( offer he ) here , finish this one . continued 167 #00406 101 continued 167 Veronica take a long , slow drink . hooker just gaze at she a minute . she become aware of it . veronica what be you lookin ' at ? hooker ; I do not know . I be just surprised you come over here , that 's all . I mean , you coulda call one of you ten guy . veronica . I would of , but I do not really like any of them and you be closer . some - time on a night like this , you wonder if everybody else do not like you as much as you do not like they . ( pause ) how about it , hooker ? how much do not you like I ? Veronica ask this question with real concern . she 's not be coy . hooker lean forward and kiss she tenderly on all the bruise area of she face . he do not like she just fine . Veronica be not at all upset by this response . : veronica you think I could stick around here a while ? hooker how long ? . veronica just until I get proper medical attention . hooker what if I say no ? veronica ( lie ) I would find somebody else . she reach up for he head and bring it down to she . they kiss with all the long of stranger and the intimacy of lover , for what will obviously not be the last time tonight . ' i_get too hungry for dinner at eight I like the theatre but never come late . I never bother with people I hate . that 's why the Lady be a tramp . continued # 00406 102 167 continued - 2 167 I do not like crap game with baron and earl . . wo not 99 to harlem in ermine and pearl . wo not dish the dirt with the rest of the girl . . that 's why the Lady be a tramp . ' fade out 168 169 #00406 103 fade in ext . a atlantic CITY STREET ~ chandler import CO . - day 168 macalinski 's limousine pull up outside a one -story building that have Chandler import Co. write on its front window . macalinski , carry a large leather bag , go inside with he usual compliment of bodyguard , and be greet by a receptionist . it 's billie . int . chandler import CO . ~ reception room - day 169 billie May I help you ? . macalinski yeah , I would like some webster jade . billie you will have to see Mr. Chandler 's about that . second door on you , right . int . chandler' office - day 170 macalinski and he boy go through a door with Chandler 's name on it . the tuxedo kid be inside , once again deck out in that check sport coat . his office however be well order and rather fancy , as befit he status as a " importer . " , macalinski ( offerin 's hand Chandler . my name 's macalinski . tuxedo kid oh yeah , do not I see you in golding 's gym once ? macalinski yeah , I be down there to have a look at Bobby florian . I would like to put a little money on he . they tell I you be in a betting mood . . tuxedo kid . ' I be give two to one against he . I do not think the kid 's get a chance . how wrong do you think I be ? continued 170 171 #00406 104 continued 170 macalinski open he leather bag . it 's burst with money . macalinski about four hundred grand worth . tuxedo kid that 's a lotta potato , macalinski . most book would not take that bet , but then most book be not sport man either . I , I like to live - dangerous . I take risk the other will not take , ' cause that 's what life be all about , be not it , macalinski ? macalinski be disgust by this false declaration of courage , 2 but he grit he tooth and say : . macalinski yeah , that 's what it 's all about all right . : the tuxedo kid lean forward and speak into a intercom on he desk . tuxedo kid . , Jerry , I be send in a Mr. macalinski with a big bet on florian . take he money and give he a-free drink . he 's a real sportsman . the tuxedo kid show macalinski to a door in the back of he office . the two shake hand . tuxedo kid . Nice to meet ya , Mr. macalinski . come back and see we again . macalinksi and he boy go through the door . int . betting parlor 171 they find themselves in a plush betting parlor , complete with odd board , telephone operator , cashier 's window and bar . it 's similar to the one gondorff set up in " the sting " only on a smaller scale , and instead of picture of horse it feature picture of fighter . macalinski 's boy be im - press . bodyguard gee , this guy 's pretty well set up . continued 171 172 #00406 105 continued 171 macalinski he will not be after tonight . cur to int . lonnegan' HOTEL suite - day 172 the suitcase be snap open . each one be fill to the brim with hundred dollar bill . camera back to reveal lonnegan and floyd , floyd there it be . a million buck . this guy Kelley better be a sure bet . I would hate to see that kinda green disappear . . _ lonnegan | we will find out in a few minute . scanlon 's on the phone in the other room . there 's a knock on the door , and immediately lonnegan close the case . a Guard poke he head in . Snyder 's here . ~ lonnegan send he in . synder swagger in with the self - importance typical of he . lonnegan I assume you be here for you information . snyder that 's right . Toni t 's the night . 1 call eight agent into town for this bust . they be gonna be pretty burn up if I do not deliver . lonnegan you can relax , Snyder , I never go back on a. deal . ' there 's a chinese market down vermont near 6th . in the back be three meat locker . the middie one be not a meat locker at all . it 's a meeting room . that 's where they be gonna make the split . Snyder be amaze that lonnegan could discover such a well - organize hideout . continued 172 173 #00406 106 continued 172 snyder you mind tellin’ I how you find out stuff like this ? lonnegan I get a source . ; snyder think I could use it sometime ? lonnegan why do not you ask for yourself ? ( call into e other room ) scanlon . '' you off the phone yet ? we hear a Voice 0.s. as another figure enter the room . . , voice yeah , what be it ? the Voice be familiar . the camera move to reveal that the person be even more familiar . to we amazement , it 's Veronica . another angle 173 lonnegan delight in Snyder 's surprise that the source be a woman . lonnegan ( make the introduction ) Camille scanlon , agent Snyder . Snyder say he would like to make use of you service someday . veronica ( the ice maiden ) all it take be money . snyder ( refer to she shiner look like you pay a price for what you find out . veronica ( hard as nail ) - I will get whatever I pay back , and then some . continued # 00406 107 . 173 continued 173 __ snyder ( take he leave . well , lonnegan , it be nice doin 's business with ya . someday when I be bureau chief , maybe I can return the favor . ( reluctantly ) you know , it 's too bad we be on opposite side of the law . the government could use a guy like you . lonnegan smile . he 's real thrilled that Snyder think so highly of he . once Snyder 's out the door , lonnegan turn to Veronica . lonnegan what 's the word on macalinski ? veronica he go for four hundred grand on hooker . hooker just tell I on the phone that he 's dumpin ' the fight as soon as it do not look too phony . you can put you million on Kelley any time you want . lonnegan be really proud of himself now . _. _ lonnegan you see how it all work now , floyd ? at even money , we not only get back the five hi ed grand we lose , but we get another half million in the bargain . meetin' Henry gondorff turn out to be the best thing that ever happen to we . veronica well , I gotta get ready to go to the fight with gondorff . you owe I a hundred grand lonnegan . i'11 be leavin ' early . I do not wanta be catch with gondorff 's boy when macalinski see hooker take the count . without hesitation , lonnegan reach into he desk , pull out the money and hand it to she . she count it quickly . continued # 00406 108 continued - 2 173 lonnegan you earn every penny of it . I wish I have ten more like you . Veronica smile at floyd , who do not appreciate this last comment too much . ___ veronica '' ( head . for the door ) | enjoy yourselves tonight . if I be even in Chicago , I will drop by and you can tell I about it . lonnegan nod good - bye and Veronica be let out the door . floyd be struggle hard with a think . _ , , _ floyd there 's still one thing I do not get . how come you tell Snyder where they be gonna be meetin' ? lonnegan ' Cause there 's no chance they will ever get there . macalinski will see to that once I tell he they con he . ( savore the think ) . of course , that will not be until it 's too late for he to deny it . come on . lonnegan pick up one of the suitcase , floyd the other , and they exit . int . the stillman auditorium - night : 174 although a improvement over the Jersey Garden , the stillman be no fabulous forum . int . hooker' dressing room 175 hooker be have he hand tape by the Big Ohio . gondorff look on , make up as ivory berrigan again . eirie be pace around the room , more nervous than anybody . gondorff how do you feel ? hooker all right . how good do I gotta feel to get knock out ? continued 175 176 177 178 #00406 109 continued 175 . gondorff I do not want ya to go out till at least the third round if you can . ; hooker what if I can not last that long ? gondorff just do the best you can . you might surprise yourself and go four or five . hooker I do not wanna surprise myself . I wanta go out there and get cream early . gondoref I tell ya , hooker , this have gotta look convincing . if you just fall over the first time he graze ya , macalinski will know he 's be have __ and we will never get outta the building alive . ext . chandler import CO . - night 176 lonnegan 's limousine drive up to the building entrance and stop . lonnegan , floyd , and a bodyguard carry the two suitcase fill with money exit the car and enter the building . int . chandler import CO . - night 177 billie be close up for the night . billie we be close . lonnegan I know . he continue , without slow , across the office and into " Chandler 's " inner office , follow closely by floyd and the bodyguard . billie pick up a telephone and press a button . int . betting parlor - night 178 a red Light wink next to a telephone which be pick up by the tuxedo kid . continued 178 #00406 110 continued 178 tuxedo kid yeah ... okay . he turn to the room full of grifter . . . tuxedo kid look alive . we get company . the door bang open and lonnegan , floyd and the bodyguard enter . the tuxedo kid hang up the phone slowly . .__ , . , tuxedo kid my receptionist say we be close . lonnegan I would like to lay a bet on Kelley to win tonight . even money . tuxedo kid too late . the fight 's already start . lonnegan it 's nine - fifteen . the fight will not start for another fifteen , twenty minute . . kid ( to cashier ) check the arena . the cashier pick up the phone . lonnegan ( to tuxedo kid ) .. do not I know you from somewhere ? tuxedo kid ( sweat ) . I get a ordinary lookin’ face , 10 ) ( carefully ) lonnegan . doyle lonnegan . the cashier hang up the phone . cashier Mr. Chandler ? the fight have not start yet . continued # 00406 '' qi 178 continued - 2 178 __ tuxedo kid well , you be in luck , Mr. .. lonnegan ? how much do you want to bet ? oo . lonnegan one million dollar . on Kelley . to win . even odd . , tuxedo kid what ?! that 's impossible . 1 can not .... . lonnegan ( grab tuxedo kid 's jacket lapel ) . you can . and will . and now . the tuxedo kid 's eye go to floyd 's hand inside he coat . pocket -- then to lonnegan 's pugnacious expression . he wilt . tuxedo kid my boss ' 1 ] kill I .... he look to the cashier . tuxedo kid . Count Mr. lonnegan 's money and write he a receipt . lonnegan ( to bodyguard ) . stay here . be first at the cashier 's win '' 4 + I would not want they to run short . 179 int . dressing room of stillman auditorium - night 179 a badly beat fighter be . half - carry into the dress room . hooker watch as the fighter be deposit on a table . . . , the big ohio time to go , kid . the Big Ohio push on hooker 's glove and we : CUT to 180 181 182 183 #00406 112 stillman auditorium ~ macalinski and lonnegan 180 make they way to they seat in different area of the arena . macalinski be down close to ringside . lonnegan be across the way and up avout fifteen row . cur to int . stillman auditorium - in the ring - hooker 181 as he climb through the rope and into the ring . he look across at Danny Kelley , who give he a warm sneer . hooker sneer back , but he heart be not in it . both fighter do a little shadow box as the ying announcer grab the mike . announcer lady and gentleman . welcome to tonight 's program of box at the stillman auditorium . we begin a seven round semimain . on my right , wear the red trunk and weigh in at 172 , that fine irish puncher , Danny Kelley . cheer for Kelley as he make he round . _ announcer and to my leave in the black trunk and weigh in at 171 , the kid from California , Bobby florian . hooker dance out into the ring , hand hold above he head . in the stand - on lonnegan and floyd 182 floyd be disgust . floyd look at the bum jumpin ' around . like he be actually gonna make a fight of it , the cake -eater . lonnegan c'mon , floyd . it 's time to give macalinski the bad news . floyd you better talk fast . hooker may not last more than thirty second . with lonnegan 183 the referee have finish give instruction to the fighter , as lonnegan make he way over to where macalinski be sit . 184 185 = # 00406 , 113 in the ring . 184 the bell ring and the fighter come out . hooker 's plan be obvious immediately -- to stay as far away from Kelley as possible . Kelley , however , bore right in and whip out two jab which gnap hooker 's head back , but hooker narrowly manage to duck the right cross that follow . in the stand - on macalinski 185 — up in the stand , macalinski look on tensely , as lonnegan slide in next to he . lonnegan howdy , Carlo . macalinski lonnegan . what be you doin ' here ? lonnegan just takin ' a little vacation in the sun . who you get you money on ? . macalinski florian . he 's a hell of a puncher . __lonnegan how much you get on he ? macalinski four hundred grand . lonnegan whistle in mock surprise . macalinski ( defend he be I have see he . I know what he can do . lonnegan so do I . he con I outta five hundred grand four year ago . . macalinski ( incredulous what be you talkin’ about ? . lonnegan he 's no fighter . never have be . name 's johnny hooker . he 's be a grifter around Chicago for year . continued 185 186 187 #00406 114 continued 185 _ lonnegan ( cont would ) he 's goin ' on he hynie here in a couple minute . macalinski . but what about he manager , berrigan ? lonnegan that 's Henry gondorff , one of the all - time great . not only be he not a manager , he 's not even a negro . that 's just makeup . you be have , macalinski . macalinski be you sure it 's the same guy ? lonnegan positive . I will never forget that two as long as I live . if I be not under indictment , I would ice them myself as soon as the fight 's over , which should not be too long now . macalinski can not believe it . he just sit there in stunne silence . in the ring 186 a pattern have develop in the fight . hooker , surprisingly , have one advantage . he 's faster than Kelley , but Kelley keep come at he , throw punch after unch -- jab , combina - tion , round -house , upper cut , hook , eve ing . hooker be able to dodge three - fourth of they but the one - fourth that manage to land be beginning to take a toll . in the stand - on lonnegan and macalinski 187 . lonnegan look like hooker 's gettin ' ready to go home and spend some of you money . — whatever doubt macalinski may have have about lonnegan 's story be now dispell . his astonishment be turn to cold fury . he turn to two of he bodyguard . . macalinski grime and rossavich , get over to that bookie 's and get we money back . continued -o ~ 187 188 189 #00406 115 continued 187 lonnegan you be wastin ' you time . the bookie be probably in with they . he will not even be there . __macalinski {to he man ) . get over there anyvay . and if he be there , bring he with ya . the two goons hustle off . . _. lonnegan . funny , be not it . you would not think lightning would strike twice like this , I mean , especially with you know what happen to I a all . ab well , I guess we all have we blind spot . | ( get up to go ) | well , I will be see you , Carlo . sorry I have to be the one to tell you . ( turn back ) oh , and Carlo , 1 will not breathe a word of this to anybody . you secret 's good with I . lonnegan walk off up the aisle , laugh to himself . macalinski just sit in he chair and steam . curt to the ring again ~ hooker 188 be bob and weaving like crazy in a effort to escape Kelley 's avalanche of blow . he be able to hit Kelley from time to time , but whenever he trade with he , he get the worst of it . hooker use everything he know to protect himself . he clinch , cover up , move constantly and flurry he way out of corner , but Kelley 15 such a dervish that hooker be still take a lot of shot . another angle 189 finally , Kelley trap hooker ' in a corner and begin to flail away like crazy . hooker dodge this way and that , but he 's get tag ed and he 's unable to get away . a cut open over he leave eye and he leg begin to wobble a little . 190 191 192 193 194 195 #00406 116 at ringside 190 eirie , the Big Ohio , and gondorff ( who be sit right behind hooker 's corner with Veronica on he arm ) yell at hooker to hang in there . on hooker 191 he battle back , throw a wild series of punch . they do no damage , but confuse Kelley long enough to let the bel ring . in hooker' corner of the ring 192 hooker slump down on he stool . eirie immediately get to spong he off , as the Big Ohio dab collodion on the cut . hooker . Jesus , the guy 's a goddamn windmill . | . the big ohio that 's all right , hooker . you be doin ' great . just keep away from he for another round . cuT to ext . atlantic CITY STREET - night - macalinski's goons ' car 193 racing through the city on they way to Chandler 's import company . cur to int . stillman auditorium ~- in the ring 194 the second round be under way , and once again , Kelley be all over hooker , throw blow from every conceivable angle . as before , hooker try to dance away from the combination and dodge the haymaker , but he can not avoid they all and he face be turn puffy and red . soon the cut be open again and he 's blink blood out of he eye . Kelley go to the body some and begin to raise welt on hooker 's rib . CUT to int . the chandler import company ~ night - macalinski's goons 195 crash through the front door , which be lock and into Chandler 's office which be not . : 196 197 198 199 200 201 #00406 117 int . chandler' office - night 196 strangely enough , the tuxedo kid be still there . the goons stick a gun in he face and wave he toward the safe . cur to int . stillman auditorium - in the ring 197 hooker 's in trouble as he 's slow down and Kelly be scoring more frequently . Kelley connect with three wick body shot and a leave to the head that send hooker reeling into the rope . instead of bounce away , he just stay there , he leg too tired to move he . another angle - in the ring 198 even he flurry tactic do not slow Kelley , who wade in and unleash another barrage . hooker can do nothing but try and weather it . he give up all pretense to offense . it 's purely a matter of survival now . in the ring - hooker 199 call on all the defensive quickness he can muster , move he head , slow blow with the forearm and shoulder , ducking , bob and lean back over the rope . almost like Ali 's rope - a~dope . Kelley , meanwhile , just keep . bang away , hooker take it and take it and take it , and finally just sag to the canvas . the count get to eight and the bell ring . in the ring - hooker' corner 200 eirie and the Big Ohio drag hooker back to he corner and immediately apply the water and smell salt , his nose be bleed as well as he eye , and he chest be heaving . gondorff come out of he seat and up to the corner . in the stand - on lonnegan 201 - lonnegan be loving it . lonnegan next round oughta be the one . _ , floyd , . yeah , look like gondorff be tellin' the pretty boy it 's time to check out . you think macalinski 's mad enough to kill that guy ? lonnegan I know he 's mad enough . 202 203 204 205 #00406 118 in the stand ~ on macalinski 202 it 's true . he look like he 's ready to eat he seat . CUT back to hooker' corner 203 hooker I do it , gondorff . I go two like you say . gondorff damn right , hooker . I be proud of ya , pal . now I want you .. out there and knock this guy on butt . - '' _hooke ! what be you talkin' spout ! I be goin ' out there and lie down . this guy can hit . gondorff not any more you be not . ( point into es you recognize that guy about fifteen row up , fourth seat from the aisle ? hooker look and find the man gondorff be point to . hooker' point of view - lonnegan 204 '' in the stand with floyd . in hooker' corner - with hooker and gondorff 205 . hooker oh God , it 's lonnegan . gondorff that 's right , and he just tell macalinski that we be connin ' he . as a result , macalinski be ettin ! ready " to fi11 all of we ful es . hooker how do you know all this ? continued ~ 205 206 207 208 #00406 119 continued 205 gondorff have not get time to lain it now . look , I do not wanna put the pressure on ya , but if you do not beat this guy , we be all corpse . if hooker be groggy at the end of the round , he 's wide awake now . hooker but what about lonnegan ? he will kill we just as fast . gondorff take my word for it . you win this fight and you will not have to worry . about lonnegan . eirie sethelgtet ) you can do it , hooker . Kelley 's gotta be tiring . a guy can only ish out so much punishment . the warning buzzer sound . hooker look around to see Veronica . hooker' point of view - rinside seat 206 Veronica 's not there any more . in hooker' corner - on hooker and gondorff 207 hooker . hey , what happen to Veronica ? gondorff do not worry about that now . the warning buzzer sound . the Big Ohio grab hooker 's head to get he attention . the big ohio forget stayin ' away from he , hooker . you gotta start gettin’ some knock in . he 's not gonna hit ya any worse if you trade with he . hooker nod he head as the bell sound for round three . in the stand - on lonnegan . 208 joyfully anticipate hooker 's demise . ~~ 209 210 211 ~~ 212 ~~ #00406 120 in the ring - the fight 209 hooker come out , and much to Kelley 's surprise , do not back away . hooker throw a right - leave combination and actually land one . Kelley counter with another swarm of blow , but hooker stand he ground and come rip back . he smashes a right to the chest , a leave to the rib and a overhand right to the head . the fight be become a real slugfest . Kelley headhunt , throw big haymaker , hook and uppercut . hooker duc ing inside , jolting shot to the rib and mid - section . Kelley 's blow be more spectacularly visible from even the cheap seat , but hooker be dish it out to the body and Kelley be beginning to feel it . hooker gain more and more confidence , if nothing else than for the fact he 's still on he foot , it 's turn into a helluva fight , and the crowd be warming to it . all of they expect lonnegan . in the stand - on lonnegan 210 lonnegan what the hell be goin ' on here ? in the ring 211 hooker and Kelley be literally toe to toe now , trading punch as fast as they arm can work . one thing be be - come increasingly clear , however . Kelley be beg nmne to tire . '' he have train too little and throw enough punch for three fight , and he 's way behind on motivation . hooker sense it , and now he adrenalin really begin to flow . he 's take Kelley 's best shot and Kelly know it . hooker rip a leave to the stomach and follow with a right to the side of the head . for the first time in the fight , Kelley begin to backpeddle , look for a little breathe room . CUT to in the stand - on macalinski 212 one of the goons , rossovich , return , a big smile on he face . he 's get the leather bag full of money with he . _ , rossavich the guy be still there . grime have get he out in the car . we get nothin’ to worry about . the bet 's off . rossavich do not get the show of gratitude out of macalinski that he would expect . at this point , macalinski be not at all sure he want that money back . cur to 214 215 217 218 #00406 121 in the ring 213 hooker 's really into it now , blast away with both hand . hooker crowd Kelley and hammer away to the body . Kelley stab out with he right , but the zip be go from he punch . he try to hold on , but hooker push he away , and start pound again . in the stand - on lonnegan and floyd 214 lonnegan be speechless . floyd look like he 's grow hemorrhoid . in the ring 215 hooker back Kelley into a corner , Kelley 's punch be just awing the air now . hooker , walk right through they , just eep rip to the body , occasionally go to the head , but mostly burn up the midsection . this be the first round he 's really throw any punch , so unlike Kelley , he 's get something leave despite the beat he 's take . kelle rop he guard to protect he aching rib and hooker rock . he with a right to the chin . in hooker' corner 216 eirie and the Big Ohio be go crazy in the corner . birie be fill the air with imagina punch in a effort to urge hooker on . he throw one so hard he fall down . gondorff , of course , have get to maintain he cool , have to preserve the fiction that he 's be double - cross , but we know that he 's explode inside . in the ring 217 hooker pummel away to the stomach again . Kelley 's guard come down and hooker straighten he up with a wick upper - cut that knock Kelley 's mouthpiece clean across the ring . Kelley 's arm be leaden . this time he guard stay down | and he knee begin to sag . hooker measure he , plant he foot and blast a right to the nose , a right - leave to the jaw . and cheekbone , and finally a prodigious uppercut that catch Kelley full on the chin . he waver a second and pitch for - ward on he face . on lonnegan and floyd in the stand 218 lonnegan leap out of he seat , he face completely ashen . floyd be too shocked to move . . ao 219 220 221 222 #00406 122 on macalinski in the stand 219 he have also come out of he seat , a new kind of anger welling up in he . in the ring ' 220 the referee count Kelley out and eirie and the Big Ohio race into the ring to embrace hooker . hooker try to dance around the ring a little , but he 's too exhaust . eirie and Big Ohio have to help he out of the ring . on macalinski in the stand 221 he be on fire . . grime what do we do with Chandler , that bookie guy ? macalinski let he go . florian and berrigan be on the level . ( with venom ) it 's lonnegan that burn we . cur to int . hooker' dressing room . 222 there 's general merriment as eirie , gondorff and the Big Ohio whoop it up , slapping hooker on the back , tousle he hair , etc . hooker just sorta roll with it , a thoroughly weary man . gondorff Atta boy , hooker . I know you could do it ! eirie ( demonstrate with he own awkward punch } you see they combination , they uppercut ? you be tnt out there tonight , hooker . big ohio you really show ‘em what you be make of , johnny . hooker thanks , I hope I never get the chance again . continued wo 222 223 wo 224 225 226 ~~ #00406 123 continued 222 gondorff if you hurry and get shower , we can still make the ten o'clock train . hooker unless lonnegan 's guy be waitin ' outside to put a few bullet in we . gondorff believe I , they be gonna be too busy tryin ' to keep macalinski 's guy from puttin ' a few bullet in they . cuT to ext . stillman auditorium ~ a exit door 223 lonnegan , floyd and two bodyguard come out of the auditorium . they're in a big hurry and be quite relieved to see they limousine wait for they . floyd open the back door and lonnegan slide in . int . lonnegan' car 224 suddenly floyd and the two bodyguard feel the chill of cold steel on they spinal column . Three of macalinski 's man be hold .38 's in they back . two other slide in next to the unsuspecting lonnegan and close the door . lonnegan 's get the same treatment he give kid twist . his face be freeze in terror as the limousine drive off to keep he date with the cement cobbler . cur to int . the chinese market - night 225 the proprietor be close up for the night , total up he receipt . Snyder and he eight fellow agent enter the store . they tell the man to continue what he 's do as the two agent hide behind the counter and the other go into the meat locker . the chinaman go about he business with no hint of concern . CUT to ext . stillman auditorium - another exit door 226 we pick up hooker , eirie , gondorff , the Big Ohio and the tuxedo kid come out another exit of the auditorium . the Big Ohio and the tuxedo kid climb into a car drive by singleton . gondorff , hooker and eirie pile into one drive by billie . as the car pull out , we : : cur to 227 228 229 #00406 124 int . SMALL meeting room in chinese market 227 snydex and he man be all in place now , hide behind various box and crate , they gun draw , ready for action . cur to int . gondorff' car 228 gondorff , hooker , eirie and billie drive through the city in they car . : hooker {to gondorff ) so you know all along what lonnegan be doin ' , do not ya ? gondorff yeah , once I find out lonnegan kill twist and pin it on macalinski , I figure it from there . I have a little help with some of the detail though . hooker from who ? gondorff Veronica . both hooker and eirie be stunne . gondorff . I send she up to Chicago to get next to lonnegan the year I go into the pen . I know he would come after we as soon as I get out , so I figure I better have somebody watchin ' he . lonnegan hire she right away ' cause he figure she would be a great way to keep a eye on we . he be the one that tell she to get next to you . she tip I off on everything she could , but she do not find out about twist until it be too late . this be all a little much for hooker . he just slump back in he seat in disbelief . CUT to int . SMALL meeting room in chinese market 229 Snyder and he man be still wait , crouch in antici - pation . a couple of they be get a little restless . continued w™ 229 230 oo 231 ~~ #00406 125 continued 229 agent you sure they be comin ' here ? snyder shut up , will ya . of course I be sure . CUT to int . gondorff' car - hooker 230 have recover enough to speak . hooker Veronica . Jesus , why do not ya tell I ? all that hootchie-kootchie she be puttin’ out be part of the act . I mean she 's givin ' I this raven eye and .... gondorff I never hear about no hootchie- kootchie and I do not want to . I woulda tell ya she be in on the ground floor , but I do not want ya to get too friendly with she . babe and griftin ' do not mix . I do not know you be gonna go and get stick on she anyway . hooker I be not stick on she . I just do not like playin ' the patsy . gondorff you oughta thank she for one thing . she help lonnegan get Snyder off you back . the car come to a stop and gondorff and the other get out . we can not tell from the angle exactly where they be . cut to int . SMALL meeting room in chinese market 231 there 's a noise at the door and all the agent spring into readiness . the door open and one man walk in . the agent spring from they cover and surround he , go levele . one turn on the light to reveal a little Delivery Boy with a bouquet of flower . delivery boy there a guy name Snyder here ? continued o™ 231 232 233 #00406 126 continued 231 before Snyder can answer , one of the agent read the card on the bouquet . agent dear Snyder . sorry we could not make it . start the party without we . Love , Henry gondorff . all the agent turn and focus they undy contempt on Snyder , a man who seem destine always to be in the right place at the wrong time . right now , Snyder look like he 's gonna be ill . cur to int . atlantic CITY train station ~ night 232 gondorff , hooker , eirie , billie , singleton , the Big Ohio and the tuxedo kid be walk down the island to they train . hooker hey , wait a minute , I just think of somethin' . if macalinski take the money back from tuxedo , we do not make a dime on this thing . gondorff well we do not exactly come away empty hand . the guy Veronica get lonnegan to bet he money with be one of we guy too , freddie Lake outa Jersey City . hooker just shake he head . he shoulda know it . hooker then where 's my split ? gondorff Veronica 's get it . hooker what for ? gondorff I do not know . why do not you ask she ? she 's in car ten , cabin six . another angle 233 hooker start for car ten and then turn back to gondorff . hooker Henry ? what make you think I could beat Kelley ? continued 233 234 235 236 #00406 127 continued 233 gondorff I do not know , hooker , you get a way of ignore the reality of thing that always pull you through . some - day , you be gonna realize what you be doin ' all this year and die of fright . I be wrong about one thing , though . I use to think you lead a charme life . now I can see that you be just the gamest grifter I ever know . hooker smile . he will take that . with hooker 234 we follow he to car ten . int . train corridor 235 hooker find Veronica 's compartment . the door be open . int . veronica's compartment 236 hooker 's cheek be slightly swollen and there 's a bandage over he eye . he look as bad as Veronica . hooker gondorff tell I you get my split . veronica yeah . hooker then why be not ya givin ' it to I ? veronica he tell I you would just blow it . I figure you could use it for better ngs . like showin ' I a good time . hooker ( incense ) after all you do for I ? you start out by takin ' my money and then you make a sap outa I for the benefit of a guy who 's be tryin' to kill I for two year . 1 % mean you coulda play you role for lonnegan with - out all the lovey - dovey stuff , the continued r™ 236 ~~ 237 #00406 continued 128 236 hooker ( cont would ) proper medical attention and all that . Jesus , you finally get I to the point where I can stand ya , and then I find out the whole thing have be a fake . now you want I to take you place . I would not be mich of a guy if I go for that . veronica I do not say you would be much . I say you would be enough for I . besides , the whole thing be not a fake . hooker oh yeah , which part ? veronica what do ya think , ya jerk ? I do not even know what I get to offer , but you get the best of it . hooker look at she a second , wonder if she really mean it . hooker _ I can not believe a thing you say any more , sheridan . you have not be straight with I one time since I meet you . Veronica pull out hooker 's money and throw it at he . veronica all right , here 's you goddamn money . you do not deserve I anyway . hooker ( pick it up and head for the door ) sorry , lady , I do not mind you doin 's you job , but I do not like bein ' play for a fool . veronica so long , hooker . thanks for the dance . hooker nod and walk on out . int . train corridor 237 as hooker get to the end of the car , he come face to face with gondorff count a large amount of money into Kelley 's hand . continued 237 238 #00406 129 continued 237 kelley hey , kid -- you have I worried you would not make it through the first two round ! ( to gondorff ) thanks , Mr. gondorff . Kelley jump off the train , stuff the money into he pocket . hooker look at gondorff , who shrug and grin sheepishly . hooker shake he head helplessly and begin to laugh . ext . train 238 hooker step off the train as it start to pull out , the car go slowly past he as he head back toward the terminal , he hand deep down in he pocket , he mood turn serious . just as the last car be about to go past he , he grab the railing and swing himself back up on the train , a burgeon smile on he face . helen forrest 's " takin ' a chance on Love " come up on the soundtrack and we hold on the train as it recede into the distance . ' I think the card be a frame up , I never would try . but now I be take the game up . and the ace of heart be high . thing be mend now . I see a rainbow blend now . we will have we happy end now . takin ' a chance on Love . ' fade out the end