the secret life of walter mitty written by Steve conrad 3/16/11 " too much happen ... man perform , engender so much more than he can or should have to bear . that 's how he find that he can bear anything . " - William faulkner int . walter' apartment , brooklyn - morning walter mitty ( 30 ) sit at he small kitchen table , balance he check book . we see he last several expense entry : Mom 's new apt . deposit eharmony sign - up o 's brace ( 2nd installment ) piano mover piano storage piano delivery to Mom 's new apt . in -piano humidity control system ext . corner 5 th avenue , 43rd STREET , NYC - day during the morning rush hour , a crowd of businessman wait on the corner to cross the street . walter be among they , dress in a short - sleeve business shirt and tie and with a briefcase on hand . nothing happen . then walter 's head explode . credit begin up toward the cloud , propel skyward , be the content ( idea and image ) of walter 's head ; they have begin to float toward the ground . int . skyscraper , NYC - same some office work be go on . then past the window ( outside ) come float down , in slow motion , Juan valdez the colombian coffee guy ( he donkey 's float down way in the distance ) . this happen outside other high -rise and professional building window - a float Bishop desmond tutu , the silver Monopoly piece top hat , statler and waldorf ( the two elderly curmudgeon from the muppet show ) and additional detritus from walter 's mind such as manute bol , the beastie boy , etc . credit play . 2 . int . starbucks , midtown NYC - moment later walter sit at a Midtown Starbucks . he 's get he laptop out and he 's in the middle of a phone call . eharmony counselor you know , you do not really provide much detail about you occupation . most people put theirs on they eharmony page . you do not care to ? walter be that like a must ? can not I just say like " I be employ " or something ? eharmony counselor ( like okay but that 's not a great idea ) sure . walter my work 's not really that interesting . to woman . um . or man . eharmony counselor what do you do ? walter I be a practical asset manager . for a corporation . eharmony counselor ( sound like he agree it 's not interesting ) ....okay . what do you do when you be not work ? walter mostly I guess I commute to work ? it 's like a hour and -- eharmony counselor okay . no worry . I will submit this information , then check back in the afternoon for you possible eharmony matchup . that 's exciting , huh ? walter it be , Todd . yeah . hey , when can I leave a " wink " for someone ? to see if they " wink " back , or ..? 3. walter 's look at he laptop . on screen be the eharmony dating page for cheryl M. ( 34 ) , pretty but she look like the sort of pretty girl who take the bus ; text beside she photo read " leave a wink for Cheryl M. to indicate you interest ... " eharmony counselor I will have you eharmony profile all upload in a minute . walter cool . eharmony counselor so like in two minute . but hey , you be a little light , if you do not mind I say this , in you " be there , done that " column . part of the eharmony client profile have a section be there , done that - where people list they accomplishment , travel , etc . walter I forget what I put there ? eharmony counselor ... nothing . walter oh , okay . eharmony counselor we should beef that up . if you can think of anything to add that would make it , you know , not blank .... give I a ring , I will add it . walter I sure will . eharmony counselor ( like he 's a little concerned ) ... be you okay , man ? walter ( do not know the guy , surprised he ask ) ... I ? eharmony counselor yeah . 4. walter yeah . why ? eharmony counselor you sound , I do not know , a little stress ? walter ( think its odd this guy 's take a personal interest ) no , I just have some stuff on my mind . the past couple month . eharmony counselor .... what kind of stuff ? walter ( still think this personal interest be a little odd ) just , you know ... life stuff . eharmony counselor yeah , I get that . some awkward moment pass as walter 's unsure about follow through on heavy conversation with a stranger . walter ... okay thanks for ask , I guess , um , Todd be you name ? eharmony counselor Todd mahar . I will be you eharmony counselor , while you be with we here at eharmony . walter okay . cool . eharmony counselor ( get it ) yeah . hey , let 's hope you will have a special lady on you mind later today . walter sound good , Todd . eharmony counselor later , walter . 5 . walter later ... Todd . they finish they call . walter look at the computer picture of Cheryl M. , then out the window at actual Cheryl M. ( cheryl melhoff , 34 ) crossing the street just outside the window for the time - life building lobby . then as walter stand to go , outside the Starbucks window , a grand piano ( explode from walter 's head ) fall from the sky onto the middle of the 53rd street . ext . 6th ave , NYC - later walter 's out on 6th among a crowd wait for a light to cross . then a black and white New Orleans Jazz funeral procession pass in front of he - black and white in the sense everyone in it and all they instrument and lively wave umbrella be in black and white . walter and the business people around they be in color . credit end . the title appear : the secret life of walter mitty . int . time - life build , lobby - moment later walter cross the expansive lobby and pass a colleague roy on he way to the building elevator . roy walter . walter what 's up , Roy ? roy hey . we just get acquire . we company . this morning . walter ( surprised ) we whole company do ? walter be not expect this ; it 's throw he some . int . elevator , time - life build - moment later walter 's in a elevator with two other guy in suit . he address the first one ( gary mannheim ) walter Gary ? you be vice President of acquisition . right ? gary yeah . 6 . walter ... we just get acquire . do you know that ? Roy say . gary the company that I be suppose to be acquire company for ? it just get acquire ? walter yeah , Roy say . gary okay , that 's not promise for I probably . walter yeah , they probably have they own acquire guy . gary mannheim he 's probably the guy who acquire we . second man in a suit yeah . that be I . Ted hendrick . hey . this be the second man in a suit ( ted hendrick ) who 's be with they all the while . they all shake hand . ted hendrick Ted hendrick . vice President of acquisition . gary mannheim ( awkward ) Gary mannheim . um. vice President of acquisition . too . so what be you go to be do at the company , Ted ? ted hendrick manage the acquisition . identify overlap . reduce staff where we find redundancy . what 's you focus be here , Gary ? gary mannheim ... I have be manage acquisition . identify overlap . then reduce staff where I find redundancy . 7. further awkward moment pass . ted hendrick wow , okay . that 's not ... gary mannheim yeah , that 's not good . ted hendrick no . ( to walter ) what do you do ? walter I be a practical asset manager . ted hendrick do you play a important role here ? walter I do . yeah . totally . I work in a one - on- one basis ( on a one - on - one basis I mean ) with all we photographer . Ted just look at he for a moment . ted hendrick I be sorry . I be really get into this song . what be you say ? walter listen to the elevator muzak Ted just refer to . it 's like maneater in muzak ; no one could get into it . walter I be just say I manage we film negative from the moment they arri - ted hendrick ( start to leave ) let 's talk later . we have a specific time set aside to conference with employee of the former company . walter what time be that ? ted hendrick I be not sure . but it 's not at this time . 8. walter okay . ted hendrick I have to see the board and start evaluation now . walter okay . thank you . ( flustered , feel that be a dumb thing to say ) I mean " not thank you . " I mean like " look forward to it " I should have say . Ted just look over . the door 's close . walter ( cont 'd ) ( through the close door ) look forward to it . the door be almost close . ted hendrick I will come by sometime this week . walter awesome . gary mannheim be you go to come by my ...um ? the door close . Ted 's not come by Gary 's office . int . hallway - continuous walter walk up a long hallway toward he department floor ; on the wall be hugely blow up life Magazine photograph . twelve foot high Muhammad Ali , Morgan Freeman ( oscar pose ) , Moon landing . - walter look small compare . the last photo he pass be familiar - a black and white of a New Orleans Jazz funeral . int . walter' division floor , life - later the division walter work in have fifty employee seat around a open floor plan - fifty cubicle in view . walter 's arrive at he to find on he desk a wrap gift with a note reading : 9 . Heard rumbling 's life 's over . want to give you something cool if this be the last photo batch . hope when you open it and look inside you will think it 's pretty special . walter 's unwrapped the gift . it 's a leather wallet . its front be emboss with the inscription from s.o. to walter mitty - thanks for the great work . walter look back at the letter ; it finish - by the way , neg 12 be my best ever . landmark . the absolute quintessence of life . .... the rest of the batch kind of suck . Sean int . receiving room , life magazine - later walter have be work through a life photo order negative box - it 's mark Sean O'Connell . there 's a co-worker ( hernando ) clean up in the distance . walter have be examine a negative roll with he loupe ( magnifier wear as eye glass ) . then he notice something that stop he . the negative roll , where the 12th negative should be , have be cut ; 12 be miss . walter hey , hernando - hernando yeah ? walter this 12th neg ? from this last life roll ? hernando yeah . walter it 's not here . hernando what 's it of ? walter it 's of something that 's the absolute quintessence of life . or something . hernando what 's " quintessence ? " walter it mean like the best ever . 10 . a moment go by . hernando and you can not find it ? walter um no . hernando wow . that 's not go to go over well with the new asshole . the storage room be separate from the great division floor by a wide glass window wall . at that moment , walter have notice new supervisor Ted hendrick on the other side of the glass . he 's hold a conversation with a life editor there . walter can hear it ( muffle ) . ted hendrick how 's the issue shaping up ? editor we get a email from Sean O'Connell . ted hendrick the photographer ? editor yes . he say he get the cover shot . his best . the quintessence of life . ted hendrick what do quintessence mean ? editor like the best ever . ted hendrick okay . awesome . Ted start to walk away . ted hendrick ( cont 'd ) ( repeat to himself for some reason ) quintessence . this have walter concerned . 11 . int . life magazine cafeteria - later the cafeteria be a large white room , with massive black and white life photograph serve essentially as wallpaper . particularly , they be image of physical and human immensity ( photograph of the summit of k2 and the beachhead of normandy ) and make the office worker here ( life magazine 's low - level corporate worker among whom walter be one ) seem tiny in term of they personal accomplishment but also physically . walter and a co-worker tim naughton sit in front of the massive k2 mountain summit photograph . walter Tim , do you find out anything about negative box 2 - 6 ? where it be send from ? tim naughton ( like he 's a real big deal ) that 's the Sean O'Connell commission ? walter yeah , the guy who take this -- walter gesture to the k2 . it 's take from above a guy who just summitted . tim naughton there 's nothing in shipping . the box just show up it seem like . there 's no receipt . walter ... I be get nervous with this new guy around . lose negative . but I be not go to freak out . I think my work here the last nine year speak for itself . I have make my mark . then new superior Ted hendrick walk past , accompany by life 's executive administrator . ted hendrick who be I evaluate next ? executive ( hold a employee file label W. mitty ) W. mitty . 12 . second executive who 's that ? executive he 's the black guy from account . third executive ... he 's not black . executive be you sure ? third executive yeah . he 's just a white guy . with a mustache . second executive he do not have a mustache . fifth executive of course he do not have a mustache . he 's a woman . they have walk past walter and out of the cafeteria - but walter 's hear every word - not promise . ext . time - life build , 6th ave , NY - later walter sit at the cement bench on 6th just out front of the time - life building . he 's look at a photograph he 's take from he briefcase . it 's a bad print - the kind someone take before they camera 's set - over expose , out of focus - it 's impossible to discern the subject . walter ( wondering ) what be this ? Cheryl mellhoff sit down beside walter . walter ( cont 'd ) what be this ? he hand she the foggy print - it 's clear they have a establish work friendship . walter ( cont 'd ) I think it 's either a man with one sideburn . or a candelabra . or a happy day lunch box . 13 . cheryl ( can not make it out clearly either ) it 's ... be it two badminton racquet ? what 's it suppose to be ? walter it 's the quintessence of life . so I do not think it 's two badminton racquet . Sean O'Connell take this just before he take another one we lose . cheryl ( like that 's significant ) you lose a Sean O'Connell ? walter ( look at the out of focus print ) ... I be try to figure out what this picture be . I think he focus , set he lens then take the miss picture . it 's just a better picture of this . what be this ? cheryl maybe Sean have it . walter the negative ? yeah , I try to reach he . he 's always in bahrain . or a shanty town or somewhere - I get one email off . walter show Cheryl a email exchange from Sean O'Connell - it read - in need of info for neg 12 of neg roll three , box 2 - 6. Sean 's reply - best picture I have take . the total f'ing quintessence of life . I hope you be as happy with it as I be . walter 's reply = cool , but can not find it . Sean 's reply - out of Office . this be a auto reply . Sean O'Connell will be out of the office through the month of November . walter ( cont 'd ) no cell phone . he 's out on a freelance . I would really like to find he . 14 . walter have take further photograph from he briefcase walter ( cont 'd ) this be picture from the last roll he send in . I be try to draw a bead on he location by analyze this . cheryl have you figure anything out ? walter not yet . because my trail be ... water . walter start show Cheryl the photograph . the first of which be water - just a picture of water , could be a ocean , lake , or pool ( puddle ) . walter ( cont 'd ) a Starbucks , which I do not know which one . ( flipping to the next one ) and a man ( or woman 's ) thumb . this be a picture of a thumb . walter ( cont 'd ) I have be try to figure out the gender ( of the thumb ) , as I sit here . how many people in the world ? cheryl six billion . walter everyone 's get two , too . cheryl two , too , what ? walter thumb . cheryl yeah . but I think there be more Starbucks , so I do not know if that 's what you would call a hot trail -- walter look what Sean give I . 15 . walter have take the gift wallet out - s.o. to walter mitty - thanks for the great work . walter ( cont 'd ) because we cover , you know , so many hotspot together the last 9 year ... ( a little more quietly ) ... boldly cheryl ( have some fun with walter ) you guy cover the hotspot together boldly ? walter as a team . yeah . by Sean actually go to the hotspot , and by I stay here wait for the picture of hotspot to come back so I can boldly transfer they to magazine format . Cheryl 's laugh . cheryl ... what do you do this weekend ? walter we be move my mom here . I go and pack she house up . what about you ? cheryl my son and I go on a bike ride in Lake valhalla . Jersey . we bring lunch . have lunch in a actual field , of grass . we go swim . my friend marny life on the lake . ( get to what 's on everyone 's mind around there ) ... this be go to be the last issue . life 's go to be strictly online after this merger . no new photograph . we be just go to be a internet photo storehouse . that 's what I be hearing . they be go to let most of we go . walter sit there for awhile . that 's tough news . he 's get a lot on he mind . then he get a text : from odessa , it read : 16 . - piano a-hole want 300 more dollar to take the piano back , come down . I have to go . like right now . int . lobby , time - life build - same walter 's run through the huge time - life lobby for the 50th St. glass exit door , but outside the lobby it 's not New York right now . it 's sana 'a , Yemen . and run parallel to walter , along the window glass wall beside he , be rugge war photographer sean o'connell , load with camera gear . walter run out the building entrance and be now run side by side with Sean in sana 'a , Yemen in the midst of a anti- american rally , make a desperate dash together out of there under a volley of middle - eastern shoe . sean what 's with all this shoe ? angry Middle -easterner be throw they shoe at walter and Sean as they sprint by . walter it 's a sign of disdain here . sean that 's a lot of shoe , man . walter they have be target western journalist all summer . it 's be a real hot August . sean thanks for do all the field work here and risk you ass and get hit by shoe and stuff . walter let 's just get this camera bag out of here . we can shoot the shit later , O'Connell . over whiskey . there be in sana 'a , Yemen , but they be chase a actual NYC metro south . walter have finally reach its door , though he 's continuously strike by shoe . int . 104 bus , NYC - moment later walter 's slightly out of breath . he 's catch the bus . it 's just New York again . walter walk up the crowded bus aisle and find a seat . some time pass . walter look out the window , he daydream have fade . 17 . int . 104 bus , moving , NYC - later a little later , walter 's get he lap top out , try to leave a " wink " for Cheryl M. ( Cheryl mellhoff ) on eharmony . it do not work : unable to perform request . walter look at it - it 's not the smooth next step he be expect . he try again . same result . int . 104 bus , moving - later walter 's in the midst of a phone call . walter I try to leave a " wink . " for someone . but it do not work . eharmony counselor well , they be not require to respond to you favorably . we can not force -- walter no , it say " unable to perform request , " Todd . so I do not think my wink really go through . do I have like a break page or something ? eharmony counselor Broken page ? I have never hear of that . walter well , okay , something 's not work . on my page . eharmony counselor yeah , let I look here ( keyboard noise ) okay , we receive you application break you personality into 29 different dimension , and , okay , I see the problem . you do not have any . walter any what ? eharmony counselor dimension . further time pass . 18. walter ... I do not have any dimension ? eharmony counselor not that we can determine . through we model . you be just lack distinguishing feature as we system see it . base on we really extensive evaluation , you seem , to we , a little too indistinguishable from everybody else . a pretty long time pass as walter wrestle with this consideration . eharmony counselor ( cont 'd ) you be not stand out . in a way that would allow anyone to actually notice you . so hey , let 's enhance you profile . let I ask you , do you always want to be a practical asset manager ? walter I do not want to be one now . I just be one . eharmony counselor why do you do it ? walter it 's a occupation . when I become a adult I think that would be possibly a good thing to have . because I keep get bill from place . eharmony counselor what be some of you accomplishment ? walter ( after thinking ) ... I study music . eharmony counselor how long ? walter April . eharmony counselor April ? one April ? 19 . walter yeah . but I be work at Orange julius to save money for college . that April . and my hand be always sore from work the frother . eharmony counselor can you play any piece ? walter sure . eharmony counselor which ? walter a piece of cheer . the first piece . part . eharmony counselor I do not know if we should list that . walter get a text from odessa that say I be leave . walter hey , Todd . I have to go . I have a piano situation I have to take care of . eharmony counselor okay , man . walter um hey , can I have my four hundred dollar back ? ext . battery park , NYC - later walter walk up to battery Park to find ( really ) a grand piano sit in the park . he stop and stare at it awhile . ext . battery park , NYC - later walter sit at the abandon piano ( in pristine shape ) . regular NY foot traffic pass around he . he absentmindedly start play the first bar of cheer . then he just keep do it because he 's think of other thing . guy in park stop play cheer , Dick . 20 . then walter see Cheryl mellhoff and she son rich ( 9 ) , head he way from across Bridge Street . they have get two skateboard . walter smile when he see they and wave . ext . bridge STREET - later Cheryl , walter and Rich push the grand piano toward quiet Bridge Street . it 's on its wheel and a couple skateboard . it 's roll down the street pretty well . they be about to push it out onto the street . walter Rich , be you ready to push a piano down a street and get honk at by everybody in New York ? rich ( like it 's go to be fun ) yeah . they do . the honk begin right away , but they keep roll the grand piano down Bridge Street . it look like it might be fun . cheryl I can not believe they leave it in the park . how old be this ? walter her dad buy it for she when she be six . it 's seventy - year - old . cheryl you sister just take off ? walter my sister 's not the responsible one in the family . cheryl no kid , man . walter she tell they no step . I pay they for a first floor move . but she screw up and get my mom a apartment on the 15th floor . the mover be not equip to get it up there . she do not have the money for they to take it back . she have to get she brace adjust , so she just take off . 21 . cheryl brace . how old be she ? walter 36 . ext . bridge STREET - later it 's pretty late now . walter have place a tarp over the piano . they roll it into a city parking space . cheryl you be sure this be you sister 's parking space ? walter yeah . hey , Rich . you be pretty good on that . Rich be skateboard around a little . walter ( cont 'd ) I use to skateboard a little . cheryl ( something about the idea make she smile ) when ? walter Maine . when I be a kid . ( try to unburden she of the other skateboard ) hey . I will bring it in tomorrow . I do not want you to have to carry it all the way home . I get it . cheryl thanks . walter you help I move a piano . I can carry this . see you Rich . thanks for put you back into it . rich what do that mean ? walter just , you know ... help out , man . cheryl see you tomorrow . 22. walter yeah . walter 's get the piano all tarped . Cheryl and Rich take off . walter ( cont 'd ) be you sure I can not walk you home ? cheryl I be go to drop Rich at he dad 's . thanks , walter . walter hang out a moment . he 's watch they go . then he start walk off with Rich 's skateboard . ext . corner , bridge and state NYC - later walter 's alone again . he 's back near the park in the city , wait to cross State . he put the skateboard down and start kind of mess around with it a little , move around on it a little bit . then he take off on it pretty well , then he grind the low garden curb - nicely do . CUT to : this be a close up of the non - specific photograph of water int . film processing room , time - life bldg - day walter 's get the water photo under a light lamp . he 's scrutinize it , hope to gain some information . walter ( quietly , to himself ) be this the Arctic Ocean ..? a glass of sprite . then he find something . there 's be a light leak at the edge of the frame . here , with the picture blow - up and light pour on , walter can make out something reflect in the water . it 's the stern of a fishing trawler . its vessel name and registry number be visible . she 's the erkigsnek so709 . her port home be almost visible paint beneath , but only the first two letter be legible due to the light leak - nu. int . break room , life magazine - later walter and he colleague Tim naughton have meet up in they breakroom , have some coffee . on the wall beyond they be a massive photo of evel knievel on fire . 23. walter hey be you able to use the circulation computer to find that ship ? that boat ? tim naughton yeah , it 's register in nuuk . walter nuuk ? tim naughton that 's a town . I think the town in Greenland . it 's a coastal fishing vessel . walter .... Greenland . walter consider that . it connect to nothing for he . he turn to other matter . walter ( cont 'd ) Tim , what would you say be a good accomplishment of yours , like something that you would put on a online dating page ? tim naughton I do not know . Tim consider this . tim naughton ( cont 'd ) I break Adam Lopez 's record for hit the high sing note for a male , I guess . walter seriously ? tim naughton yeah . after a moment , Gary hit the high sing note ever record for a male . walter wow ... tim naughton but I do not know if I would put that on eharmony . ( more ) 24 . tim naughton ( cont 'd ) I just do not think that 's really go to do a lot for the lady . walter yeah . how do you know you can do that ? tim naughton my voice go way up there when I be emotional , or whatever , can not really control it . walter I be think about put that I have never really be late come back from lunch . tim naughton ... I do not know . kind of weak . that 's not exactly win the Tour de France . walter ... yeah ext . chopped salad , chain salad fast food restaurant - later walter be visible at a table for one . he 's finish up lunch . he check he watch . then he stand to leave to get back to work on time . ext . state STREET - later walter 's run to the subway station a half - block ahead . then he pass a man who 's just stand there silently extend ( to walter ) a cup of water . walter take it without break stride , drink it and drop the cup on the sidewalk it be unusual . then walter hustle down the subway step and check he watch to ensure he 's run on time . int . subway moving - moment later walter have take he subway seat . then a shirtless , beam frenchman lean into view ( in the seat behind walter 's ) and offer walter pat ( congratulatory ) on the back . ext . 6th ave , NYC - later walter 's make it to the corner of 6th and 49th . he look up ahead at the time - life building ( he destination ) . then he check he watch and find he will be on time . he 's relieved then a frenchman come up and spray walter in the face with Champagne . then multiple frenchmen mob walter , fight for turn at congratulate he through frantic head rub . 25 . ext . 6th ave , NYC - later walter be carry on the group of frenchmen 's shoulder as they run he up 6th avenue , chant . frenchmen ( european sport chant ) Wal -ter mi-tty . int . lobby , time - life build - later the french mob jog through the lobby with walter atop they shoulder . frenchmen ( european sport chant ) Wal -ter mi-tty . int . elevator , moving - moment later among more serious - look businessman and woman , the raucous tour-de - France style congratulation party continue . walter 's just be mobbed by ecstatic frenchmen . int . fortieth floor , elevator lobby - later no one 's around . we hear the quiet " ding " of the elevator arrive . then walter get out . there be no crowd anywhere - just walter in he short - sleeve dress shirt , tie and briefcase . he reach he division floor office door and enter he pass -key . then he mom walk up - edna mitty , 76 . edna hi , honey . walter ( notice she , surprised ) hey , Mom . edna hi , walter . be it all right I be drop by ? walter sure , ( meaning the open office area ) we will just go through here to my office . 26 . int . division floor - continuous as walter and edna enter the division floor , colleague Tim naughton walk past . tim naughton ( to walter ) they just call a conference . walter ( follow Tim , with he mom at he side , to she ) hey , you new place be almost ready . we just have a little hiccup due to odessa just not get the right one . edna well , she 's the artist ... walter why do she get the cool name ? she get to turn out cool . edna I name she after a wonderful visit you dad and I have to odessa , we family 's homeland , one summer , in southern Ukraine . there 's a beautiful river there also name odessa . walter why do you name I walter ? edna I name you after walter matthau walter ( notice that a conference be start ) okay . this be start I think . we should probably just stop here to -- they have walk out onto the division floor where a group of forty or so employee have be gather together to allow Ted hendrick a speech ( which he 's force a colleague to make ) . they stand a short distance away , in the middle of let they know : 27 . ted hendrick colleague this will only take a moment . I just want to inform you all , reluctantly , that this month 's issue will be the last . the employee have be expect this . Nonetheless , the news sadden and concern they . ted hendrick colleague ( cont 'd ) you be all value employee . but as we undergo this transition we want to be candid with you that some of you will be -- ted hendrick ( correct he , a little more quietly , just to he ) most . ted hendrick colleague ( to Ted , quietly ) what 's that ? ted hendrick most of they . ted hendrick colleague we want to be clear that most of you will be determine non-vital to the new partnership . the remain few employee will carry over into the new organization . we will be decide which category you position fall into over the course of the next week . Tim naughton , among the gather ( soon to be former ) employee , have begin a quiet , high - pitch , weep . walter have have to field this news while he mother stand beside he . ted hendrick colleague ( cont 'd ) now for some good news . we be very excite to -- at this point , Ted hendrick nudge the guy to move over so Ted can assume the speak part for the good news portion . 28 . ted hendrick okay . so , we be very excited to play a part in publishing what will be the very last issue of life Magazine , which have be a american institution for 75 year and whose renowned cover have touch we all really touch way . and for the final issue , we cover be go to be something which be ... ( he forget the word , look at the editor for help ) what be that word ? editor ( whispering ) quintessence . ted hendrick we cover will probably be the most famous ever because it really have the awesome quintessence of life . and we be all go to be a part of this historic happen . even that of you who will , right after the happen , be ask to leave . thank you . Ted begin to clap ( for some reason ) . so the gather employee also begin some water - down clap . walter be among they , stand beside he mom , who be clap too . then they all stop the fake good cheer and head back to work . int . storage room , practical asset , life - later later , walter 's mom be with he in he work area , back in the storage area of practical asset . walter ( to colleague hernando , little rattle about the quintessence cover news ) check for negative 12 in the wash bin . edna so the move bill come , for my move down here . I want to bring it by . thank you so much walter . walter Mom , come on . it 's nothing . 29 . walter take he mom 's bill . he 's pay it . he seem a little worried about money . hernando come back into the area . hernando ( about the negative ) it 's not in there , walter . it 's bad news . walter be go to have to tell he superior the negative be lose . ext . ted hendrick's office , life - later walter have approach ( reluctantly ) Ted hendrick 's office to confess the negative 's go . but he find Ted on the phone and wait politely in the open doorway for Ted to finish the call . ( Ted have he back to walter ) . ted hendrick yes , sir . it 's go very smoothly . the last issue 's underway . ( listening ) the cover ? yeah . it 's amazing . it 's so quintessence . it encapsulate majesty . totally . it have some splendor , in it , too , probably . also , I be pretty sure it 's illustrious and just really awesome . it take my breath away . and I have not even see it yet . ( listening ) we be get it process from practical asset now . ( listening ) yes , sir . we be go to retain eleven employee . I be go to be evaluate they over the next week . his situation worsen , walter turn and leave . int . storage room , practical asset , life - later walter have return to the storage room . he 's look at he laptop at a map of Earth . specifically , at Greenland . hernando 's work in the distance . walter you know , the thing about Greenland ... it 's really not that far , man . hernando what 's that ? 30 . walter Greenland . hernando what 's Greenland ? walter it 's a country / island . Sean might be there . it 's not as close as Canada but it 's really not as far as it sound . when you hear it . look . hernando look at the map . it be ( actually ) really not that far from Canada . hernando yeah , it 's not that far . then walter leave the room . int . walter' division floor - later everyone 's at work , in the cubicle space . walter come walk through the area , with he briefcase , on he way out . ext . 6th ave , NYC - later walter 's out walk among the crowd . but he 's move with some purpose , somewhere specific . all he 's get be he briefcase . CUT to : close on a email reply walter mitty be out of the Office . this be a automatic reply int . AIR greenland 747 , JFK - same the plane be mostly empty . but walter 's on it . and just one other guy . but he 's sit in the seat beside walter . the Captain 's speak danish . walter 's look at he iphone email from the photographer Sean O'Connell - best picture I have take . the total " F " ing quintessence of life . walter look at this message like there 's hope there , like find this thing might save he job . the plane take off now , soar . 31 . int . AIR greenland 747 , flying - later the plane 's midair . walter 's look at the photo print the image of which ( out of focus ) he can not make out , try to unlock some idea of what it be . ext . greenland capital nuuk - day the capital , coastal town of nuuk look like it 's make out of victorian toy . walter 's plane drop into view and descend over this handsome little building . int . pub , nuuk , greenland - later ( evening ) walter have somehow get involved in a danish folkdance which involve ( exclusively ) link arm with elderly greenlander in colorful vest ( the only colorful part of the event ) and shuffle slowly from side to side while make a large move ( slow ) outer circle . also they chant in danish . walter perform this hold he briefcase . ext . pub , nuuk - later outside the pub , walter have be show greenlander teens he overexpose photograph . walter this look like a chair . here . it do not really look like a chair . walter ( cont 'd ) have you see this chair ? teen that 's not a chair . walter I think it 's a chair . or a pipe . a man 's pipe . no one say anything . walter ( cont 'd ) have you see this pipe ? teen that 's not a pipe either . walter ( show they another photo ) have you see this Starbucks ? 32 . second teen I do not know . possibly . walter ( another photo ) have you see this man ( or woman 's ) thumb ? int . coffee shop , nuuk - morning it 's a fresh morning . walter 's sit in a coffee shop , look out on the capital town street . then he see a cab pull up for he . int . cab , moving - later walter sit in back . the older female cabby cruise the car past some open , pretty field . cab driver Greenland be the least densely populate country in the world . there 's only 56,000 people . lot to do . most of we work a few different job , to cover everything . for example I drive this cab . a moment pass . cab driver ( cont 'd ) I be also the Queen . walter have be surprised . walter ... you be the Queen of Greenland ? cab driver yeah . oh , there go my meter . her meter 's go out . cab driver ( cont 'd ) you want to just a call it 93 kroner ? flat rate . walter that 's cool ... you majesty . a awkward moment pass . walter ( cont 'd ) should I call you that ? 33. cab driver sure . walter be there anything around here that a renowned photographer might be photograph ? cab driver no . walter be you sure ? cab driver yes . walter I think he be here . cab driver well , possibly if he be mistaken , he might have think the musk ox migration be worth photograph . walter can we see that ? int . cab , moving , outskirt , nuuk , greenland - later walter and the Queen continue they peaceful drive through the outskirt of nuuk , Greenland . walter so be you Queen for life ? cab driver yeah . walter that 's a good gig . they be make some change at work . my work . they be let most of the division go . cab driver how long have you be there ? walter nine year . cab driver that 's tough . 34 . walter how would you get to be Queen ? cab driver my dad be King . walter ... my dad sell ice cream . cab driver here we be . walter look out the window . in a field they have park beside , there be a few indigenous oxen ( they look like huge Jim henson muppet ) walk slowly . walter that 's the musk ox migration ? cab driver yeah . walter there 's just three of they . cab driver yeah . walter where be they migrate ? cab driver to the other side of the island . walter ( like it 's not that big a deal ) yeah , I do not think Sean would cover this , so much . can you just take I to the boat wharf place ? ext . wharf , nuuk - later at the end of a dock , with western nuuk in the distance behind they and the Atlantic all around , walter hold a conversation with a older boat captain . the cab wait in the distance . walter you be the captain of the erkigsnek ? I do not know how to pronounce that . 35 . boat captain that be not right . but yeah , I know what you be try to say . yeah . I be . walter show he the water photo . walter you be boat be photograph . in the past four day . do you know where ? he look at the photo for a while . boat captain we have be out in the Atlantic the last four day . I have no idea when this be take . walter can you guess from where ? boat captain where it be take from ? walter yeah . boat captain ... another ship ? which I can not say . we pass a lot of they . you should check the mail log at the post office . int . post office , nuuk - later walter 's at the desk of the small post office . postal clerk be you a detective ? walter yep . some moment pass . walter ( cont 'd ) do I just say " yep ? " I be sorry . I mean " nope . " I be a office worker . we be try to secure a photograph he might have , that 's valuable to my company . 36 . postal clerk well , this be the airmail record from this last week . ( check a large register ) they helicopter mail in . as the shipping freighter go by . we have fifty three pick up . that 's fifty three freighter . he could have be on any one of they . walter so he just go by we ? postal clerk if he be on a freighter , he go right by we . walter so there 's no one here who might have have contact with he , who might know where he 's go . postal clerk I be afraid I can not help you . a moment pass . postal clerk ( cont 'd ) unless you want to mail something . walter ( just stand there ) no , I do not have any ... mailing need . int . pub , nuuk , greenland - evening learn Sean have slip into the unknown again , walter 's despondent ; he sit at the bar , drink a beer out of what look a glass , woman 's boot ( it 's huge ) . the same folk dance dance be go on behind he . but he 's not engage . he 's look at the blow up photograph of " the thumb . " he 's just stare at it like it 's never go to grant he anything - a thumb - then after a moment a real thumb that look just like that thumb appear beside it , attach to the hand of a guy who 's just walk up to the bar and put he hand on it ( on the bar beside the photo ) . the two thumb rest beside one another . they be the same thumb . after a brief moment , walter notice the resemblance . then he turn and look at the guy . the guy look back . 37 . walter can I ask you a question ? man ( pilot ) sure . walter where be you thumb like four day ago ? ext . pub , nuuk , greenland - later walter have come outside the pub to talk to this guy . there 's a helicopter park in the field beyond the pub . the thumb guy be its pilot . walter I can not believe I find one thumb . pilot well , it 's the least densely populate country on earth . it 's a good place to find a thumb . he 's on the dolore . I helicopter drop and pick up mail from she Tuesday . he 's a strange guy . walter Sean ? pilot yeah . he take a picture of my thumb . walter yeah , why ? pilot he see I work my control with it . he 's shoot photo of people work . that 's why he 's on that ship . I be take some radio part out there in fifteen minute . they radio 's fuck . walter man , I really need to contact he . we be in a transition period and -- pilot you could contact he by come with I . then contact he . in person . on the boat . 38 . walter ... can not we just call they ? I could ask he on like the boat phone . pilot the ship to shore . walter can I just ask he on the " ship to shore ? " instead of go on that old - look helicopter ? pilot well , they radio 's fuck . that 's why I be fly out . walter you be leave now ? pilot after I finish my beer . that make walter pause . walter the weather do not seem great . feel like there a storm " move in . " " brewing . " man yeah . walter but you be just go to finish you big -glass -woman's-beer-boot and then fly ? pilot yeah . walter okay . I be not go to go with you . int . pub , nuuk , greenland - later the pilot sit at the bar finish he boot beer . walter 's in the background , look in through the window , watch the pilot drink . ext . field beside the pub - later a little while later , the pilot 's in the pilot 's chair of the helicopter . the blade be spin . 39 . he 's about to lift off out of nuuk . walter 's in the distance , stand thirty yard away near the pub , look over . he 's not go . then the helicopter start to lift at the same moment walter have a change of heart and start to run toward it to come along . the helicopter begin to ascend ( the environment around the pub be pretty , different than what we have see ) . we also have not see walter sprinting before , which he be now ( briefcase ) , arrive , then leaping three foot up into the passenger seat of the helicopter . int . helicopter , flying - later walter 's high above Greenland , fly over a fjord . it 's breathtaking . he yell to be hear from the passenger seat to the pilot . walter be that a fjord ? pilot yeah . walter I have see picture of fjord . but I have never actually see a fjord . I do not think I have ever even say the word fjord out loud -- pilot stop say fjord . it 's annoying . walter okay . ext . view down on atlantic - later this be a look from way up at a international shipping vessel mid-sea . the weather around it 's get rocky . on deck , they be prepping a life raft . int . helicopter , greenland , sky , moving - later walter 's get rock a little in the helicopter passenger seat . the weather 's get rough . they be in some low lie storm cloud . pilot ( yell over the blade ) we be not go to be able to land on the freighter . I have get to drop the radio part and you in a life raft . ( more ) 40 . pilot ( cont 'd ) it 's a short drop , but you decision . you can just fly back with I . walter ( yell over the blade ) I would really like to get my hand on this property . they be make some change at the office . it 's go to reflect poorly on my work . I might get let go . and I have a mount piano situation that 's -- ( rock big time ) whoa ... the pilot carry on to the freighter . walter seem to be call on he reserve to see this through . int . helicopter - later it 's noisy . the weather 's rough . there be lot of lift and drop . walter 's steadying himself in the cargo hold , prepare to jump .. pilot you be do great . we be only six foot up . just jump out the door , walter . ext . atlantic ocean - same this be wide view of what 's go on . we see the back of the hover helicopter . to its leave be the international shipping vessel the dolore which have place a life raft between it and the helicopter . there be still some space to the right of the frame where there 's open water . that 's the side of the helicopter walter mistakenly jump from . after he surface , he start to drift away from the freighter . ext . atlantic ocean - later walter 's tread water a fair distance from the freighter . the crew ( chilean ) have gather at the bow of the freighter . the captain call out to walter through a megaphone . captain we be send a pontoon . try to remain calm . at this point a fin pass behind walter . captain ( cont 'd ) ( through the megaphone ) okay , if that 's a porpoise -- 41 . walter ( sort of to himself , looking around ) if what 's a-- ( notice the fin ) what ? captain if that be a porpoise , befriend it . porpoise be mammal with rare intelligence and sympathy . they often protect swimmer from predator . the fin circle by again . captain ( cont 'd ) if that 's a shark , strike it . they snout be sensory hub . walter ( calling out ) how do you -- I just see a fin . can you get a bead on some more information ? on board the crew have a brief consultation . captain ( then , to walter through the megaphone ) we be confident that 's a shark . the fin come nearer . walter steel himself . then he find some presence of mind and power and be able to deter the thing away by thrashing at it with a few decent punch . captain ( cont 'd ) ( after a moment ) okay , now we think that be a porpoise . after another moment , another fin show up . captain ( cont 'd ) that probably be a shark . at this point , though , the pontoon arrive and walter scramble into it ( he still have he briefcase ) . 42 . int . captain quarter - later walter have dry off . he 's be tend to by some young chilean sailor . he 's be sounding they out about where Sean O'Connell be . chilean sailor Sean O'Connell ? he be pick up . walter from you ship ? chilean captain a pilot boat come . they take he . four hour ago . walter take he where ? chilean captain I do not know . it 's dawn on walter that he 's miss Sean . just by a little . walter can we radio they ? there 's something I need to discuss with -- captain you jump into the ocean with we radio component . no . we be , as you say , " on we own . " ext . INTERNATIONAL shipping freighter the dolore - later the freighter 's haul automobile . the surface of the ship look like a mall parking lot . one of the chilean sailor accompany walter on a walk among the car row . chilean sailor you can sleep where Sean do . they stop alongside a subaru . the sailor open the driver 's door . he mean this be where Sean sleep . in this subaru . walter 's confuse . walter Sean sleep here ? chilean sailor yes . 43. walter in this subaru Outback ? chilean sailor yes . that 's where we undocumented laborer sleep . we stevedore . he be photograph we worker . walter he be photograph chilean stevedore ? chilean sailor yeah . walter ( about the Outback ) this be he room / car ? chilean sailor now it will be you room / car . int . subaru outback - same walter have get in . there be five chilean stevedore in the back in different state of rest - sleep , read , play chess . walter hey. walter . they wave . walter ( cont 'd ) do you guy , be you live in this car back seat when Sean O'Connell live in the front seat ? walter start miming take photograph . walter ( cont 'd ) Sean ? back seat chilean La quintasencia .... the guy 's point to where walter be in the front seat . second back seat chilean La quintasencia . walter be that -- be you say quin -- 44 . second back seat chilean La quintasencia ... walter be you say quintessence ? in the Spanish form ? yeah . Sean say that . a deck squall alarm sound . this guy leave the car quickly ( to perhaps batten something down ) . walter notice the breaktime snack they be enjoy - half 's be leave behind . walter ( cont 'd ) be that clementine cake ? my mom make -- I do not know anyone else make that . walter 's alone in the subaru . walter ( cont 'd ) clementine cake . wow . he reach for some cake , it 's be slice into piece , wrap bakery style in some stray paper from the backseat . walter take one such slice . while the storm lift and lower the ship , walter enjoy some clementine cake , then he notice something about the paper scrap it 's wrap in . there 's handwrite on it . walter examine it . what walter 's hold be a half - tear page bear cursive handwrite . there be a date beside the word : eyjafjallajökull . then ttl shoemount flash . Zoom bounce flash . Nikon camera .... walter ( cont 'd ) this be sean's . there be a later destination and date on the paper - and some scrawl beside it . walter ( cont 'd ) ( excite ) ... this be a itinerary . CUT to : a close up of the word eyjafjallajökull ext . ship crow' nest - later during this storm , walter have climb up the crow 's nest ladder and stand in the crow 's nest with the English - speak chilean sailor who escort he to the subaru . walter 's show he the paper - eyjafjallajökull 45 . walter that 's where Sean be . tomorrow . this gibberish . I have to crack it . engligh speak chilean sailor crack ? walter I have to crack the gibberish . engligh speak chilean sailor you do not have to crack anything . it 's a volcano . in Iceland . that 's the name . eyjafjallajökull . walter ... Sean 's in Iceland . we be go past there , right ? can we land there ? engligh speak chilean sailor we can get you there . walter can you get I there tomorrow ? engligh speak chilean sailor we can get you there tomorrow , yes . walter would you like some clementine cake ? walter 's bring the cake up with he . walter ( cont 'd ) it 's very good . it taste , man , exactly like my mom 's . I do not know chilean mom 's make this . small world . engligh speak chilean sailor no thank you . I have to actually perform a function up here , during the storm . that 's why I be up here . walter oh. sorry . engligh speak chilean sailor I have to monitor the moor winch and wind lass . ( more ) 46 . engligh speak chilean sailor and you be stand , I be sorry , like right where I be suppose to be look . walter okay , I be go to go , take my cake and ..... walter start to descend the crow 's nest ladder . ext . INTERNATIONAL shipping vessel - later the storm have break . the sea be calm . the sun be out . this be a huge ship . walter 's sit on the bow , all by himself . his briefcase be beside he . it 's quiet . he 's look out at the water , then ( oddly ) he cell phone ring . walter ... hello ? man' voice walter . walter yeah . man' voice Todd mahar . from eharmony . walter ... oh . hey . ( like it 's weird to be get a call out here from Todd mahar ) um , do I owe you guy money ? because you supervisor be clear I can not get my 400 dollar back . but I do not think I be go to renew - eharmony counselor no , I just want to see how you be do . you do not sound great last time . walter the last time we talk ? the time you tell I I have no personality ? eharmony counselor well , you know , you just leave you application so empty . share something about yourself . it do not have to be major league . ( more ) 47 . eharmony counselor ( cont 'd ) life 's full of small accomplishment . what do you strive to do everyday , that you take pride in ? can I ask you that ? walter well , I take my work seriously . also keep a tidy apartment . I help my sister out pay she bill now and then . but can we not list that ? none of that stuff really seem like a accomplishment . eharmony counselor you know there 's a way to consider it where the task you accomplish ( pay some of you sister 's rent -- walter brace . eharmony counselor what 's that ? walter she have not ask I for rent money . for like a year . but I do pay for she brace . she 's 36 . eharmony counselor well , take care of yourself and you household , you mom , after you do that without ever fail , for a long time , hey that become a accomplishment . some time pass . a bird fly by . walter I fight a dolphin . eharmony counselor today ? walter yeah . eharmony counselor be not they suppose to be nice ? walter they be . I think they be probably the best mammal . 48 . eharmony counselor ( meaning like be not we the best ) we be mammal . walter do not say anything about we be the best . life 's heavy for he right now . walter this mammal try to protect I . and most of the other mammal I know , like the mammal at the office , they be dick . eharmony counselor why be you near dolphin ? walter I be on a ship . eharmony counselor where ? walter near Greenland . I track a thumb here . to nuuk , Greenland . I locate the thumb . now I be fortunately go to Iceland to correct a oversight . eharmony counselor well , I be go to tweak you profile , add " sailing " or whatever to you done thats . I will put swim with dolphin , too . walter it be just one . eharmony counselor I can really put swim with dolphin . that sound like you have a pet dolphin you swim with everyday . can I handle this please ? it 's my job . walter okay , Todd . eharmony counselor you sound a little better ? 49 . walter do I ? because I think I be a little worse . ext . INTERNATIONAL shipping freighter - day ( later ) walter 's be equip with a kayak pole and life vest . some of the crew assist he down a ladder to the ocean ; other keep watch over a kayak wait there . captain ( to walter ) it 's a mile and half to Iceland . it 's as far in as we can get with we hull size . walter so. okay . I be suppose to kayak in ? captain reykjavik be due north . you will be there by 9 be . ext . atlantic ocean - later walter 's quietly kayake through a empty expanse of the Atlantic . his paddle make noise ; that 's it . then Cheryl mellhoff emerge from underwater - but she 's giant . she take up the whole horizon . she 's catch she breath like she 's be underwater for a while . then she son Rich ( giant ) pop up from underwater beside she . he catch he breath , too , but he 's pleased . rich I stay under longer . cheryl just barely . rich let 's do it again . cheryl okay . one , two , three . Cheryl fake go underwater on three . Rich have . she 's still above water . she 's cheating . she stay there for a while , smile . then Rich pop up . rich you be cheating . 50 . cheryl ( laughing ) okay , okay . one two three . they both get catch fake it this time , and they start to laugh . then they both go underwater . they be under for a long time . a pretty long time , in fact . then Cheryl surface . but Rich do not . she 's breathe again , but she expect to see Rich and do not , and now she 's concerned . cheryl ( cont 'd ) Rich ...? he 's nowhere . cheryl ( cont 'd ) Rich ? finally , he pop up . but he 's cough , be under too long and have take in some water ; he 's scared . cheryl ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . come here . hey come here . she hug he . cheryl ( cont 'd ) hey , it 's okay . he 's freak , he 's cry a little . cheryl ( cont 'd ) hey , do not worry . you be good . do not worry . hey ... after a moment , she begin to sing to distract he . she 's sing Bob marley 's Three Little bird pretty well . cheryl ( cont 'd ) do not worry , about a thing , `cause every little thing , be gonna be all right . do not worry . about a thing ... walter look on from ( from he kayak ) . he 's worried about a lot of thing , but what he 's picture soothes he too . the day dream fade . walter keep kayake . it look desolate , then a guy in a rubber triathlon swimsuit swim by . then another one do . walter .... shit . 51 . a wide shot show that walter have kayake near to the coast of reykjavik , Iceland during the swim portion of a triathlon . now he 's in the midst of a hundred piss guy in rubber swim suit . walter ( cont 'd ) fuck. sorry . int . icelandic cab , moving , reykjavik iceland - day walter 's in the heart of reykjavik , Iceland , drive through the city . he 's take in the sight , look around through the cab window , when he phone ring again . he check he caller i.d walter ( clicking over ) hey , Mom . edna hi , walter . walter what 's up ? edna oh , I be just make some yogurt . with some banana . walter okay . cool . edna it snow today . do not expect that . not much . just a light little cover . very pretty . less than a inch even . walter that 's awesome . edna my piano get tow , walter . a moment go by . walter ... you piano get tow ? edna yes . odessa say it be not there . where you say it be go to be . ( more ) 52 . edna ( cont 'd ) she say possibly that it get tow . that that 's not she space anymore . walter I leat she money for that space . edna where be you , honey ? walter in Iceland . edna that 's nice . ext . reykjavik - later walter 's out front of the capital building in reykjavik texting odessa . walter write - wtf on mom 's p.? he wait . this come back - I have to go last minute to yoga workshop out of town . can you handle ? walter send - can you please take care of this - I be in Iceland . I repeat . Iceland . he get back - thanks lot :) I will have my phone off forseeably . Love , o. walter just sit there for a while - tend to the piano have be leave to he - at this critical moment . he turn around . you can see the volcano ( where Sean O'Connell be ) loom way in the distance . int . airplane - later walter have leave . he 's take off . he 's look out the small window , down at Iceland as he go , down at eyjafjallajökul the volcano he nearly reach . it 's get smaller . walter watch as it do . int . airplane , landing - night Home now , walter land at JFK . he 's in economy , take out he laptop . flight attendant it be now safe to turn on portable electronic device . 53. walter 's laptop be on . so he go on eharmony . again , he try to leave a wink for Cheryl . the reply he get , again , be " unable to perform request . " int . JFK , airport - later it 's two a.m . walter be alone on a terminal move walkway . he have not change since we meet he - he 's still get hold of he briefcase . he 's look ( again ) at the out of focus picture . he can not draw anything out of it . ext . port authority car impound lot , newark , NJ - later walter hurry through a car impound facility . among the row of impound car , there be he mom 's grand piano . int . office , port authority car impound lot - later it 's walter 's turn in line . car impound officer retrieving ..? walter my mom 's piano . car impound officer ... make and color ? walter ( do not really understand the question in regard to a piano ) it 's a baldwin ? um , Walnut , I guess ? a Walnut baldwin . piano . a moment go by . walter ( cont 'd ) it 's a piano . car impound officer I hear you . walter it 's right out there . I just walk by it . do you have more than one piano ? car impound officer impound fee . I be make you fee . heavy duty tow fee . $ 370 . two night overnight . $ 80 . ( more ) 54 . car impound officer ( cont 'd ) failure to display city vehicle inspection sticker . $ 112 . walter it 's a piano . the guy just keep add . walter ( cont 'd ) it 's not a car . its a musical instrument . I should have have my musical instrument inspect ? by a government . the guy ignore walter . he just stay at he task which be add money walter do not have . ext . port authority car impound lot , newark , NJ - later walter look on while mover consider how to load he mom 's piano into the back of they move van . mover where be we take it ? walter we can not move into my mom 's until tomorrow . mover ( sarcastically ) well , what do you want I to do ? drive really slowly ? we can store it at we warehouse and move it in the morning . but that 's two move . Separate billing . walter ( quietly ) man .... you know what ? ( meaning they can leave without the piano ) do not worry about it . mover what be you talk about ? walter do not worry about it . walter walk over , lower himself beneath the keyboard , find a grip , then rise and lift the piano up by himself . 55 . ext . new jersey turnpike - later walter 's carry the piano on he back , walk down the middle of the New Jersey Turnpike , slow down traffic . ext . subway station , NY - later walter climb a set of stair to the subway with the piano on he back . int . subway station - later walter sit on a bench wait for the train . the Grand piano be beside he . int . subway , moving - later walter have bring the piano onto the subway . then the subway hit one of that mid-tunnel stop where the train stop , and the light go on and off . when the light return we see the piano 's go . walter 's still there though . CUT to : a check book expense entry piano move ( third ) - $ 1,100.00 int . apartment - day this be a empty ( small ) apartment . walter and he sister odessa sit on the carpet . she 's pretty , good spirit , a little flighty ( also she 's wear brace ) . she 's watch walter write this piano move check . but she 's look at a checkbook entry a few entry above it . odessa do that say eharmony ? four hundred dollar . walter yes . odessa ( a little amused ) be you on eharmony ? walter no . odessa then why do you give they four hundred dollar ? 56 . walter I try to join , but -- I do not really even want to be on it . I be just try to do this thing with someone at work . odessa ( meaning do what ) what ? at this point we see a piano float up into view outside the live room window beyond they , odd because they be fifteen storey up . walter I be try to do that piña colada thing ? ( sing pretty well ) " if you like piña coladas , and get catch in the rain while wear a cape - - " odessa that 's not how it go . walter well , the guy answer a personal ad and find out it 's he wife . they have a good laugh , then they make love on the cape while drink piña coladas or something , and wear cape , I think . anyway . I be hope she will click my profile and not realize that she work in my office area . then we can realize it and have a good laugh . then -- odessa make love on a cape ? while wear cape ? because that 's not what they do in the song . walter no , then we can know that we pick each other out , you know , from the whole planet . not just the cafeteria . walter 's quiet for a moment . walter ( cont 'd ) ... we be friend . I would like there to be more . ( more ) 57 . walter ( cont 'd ) I be hope this web site ( that they will not let I be on ) would show she more . walter be put he checkbook back in he briefcase . odessa have notice the out - of - focus photo walter carry in it . odessa ( about the picture ) what 's that ? walter I do not know . what do you think it be ? odessa look the photo for a while . odessa ( try to make it out ) ... triple a battery work , as a team , to carry a fish tank up some apartment stair . out the window we see that the piano be attach to a crane . mover have lift it up to the fifteenth floor . walter look out at it from the small , small room they be in . walter we better tell they they need to shift that over to outside the big room . odessa what big room ? walter ( sense there be go to be some problem ) the big room where the big piano be go to go . odessa this be the big room . walter 's surprised . there 's no way the piano fit in this space . walter hey , odessa ? odessa yeah . 58 . walter you know when I ask you to pick the apartment out for Mom , you understand that she be take she piano along . odessa I do not understand that . walter ( pissed ) oh , I think I make that clear when I say the English sentence to you Mom 's bring she piano with she . a month ago . odessa I think when we be have that conversation I be use my blender , for a juice drink . it 's quite a noisemaker . walter 's try to keep he composure ( as a grand piano dangle out the window nearby ) . walter do you enjoy that juice drink ? that you be make ( for some reason ) simultaneous to I talk to you about important matter ? so , okay , right now the piano be hang in the air , above a city , we can not fit it in here , and I be not sure I can afford to move it anywhere else . so I hope you enjoy that juice drink . int . apartment - later a retirement facility administrator have join they to deal with the piano problem . they be all conven at the kitchen counter . the piano 's in view out the window , dangle there . retirement home administrator the instrument will fit in one of we villa apartment . that unit , though , be more spacious , and more highly priced . quietly , walter 's get really worried about money . 59 . retirement home administrator ( cont 'd ) or you can remain with the unit lease you have , the less expensive one , and possibly sell the piano ? walter we can not . it 's the only thing she really want to take along . I think it 's really best for she . she can still play . reading 's not that easy for she now . she do not really have any friend in New York . retirement home administrator well , a villa apartment come open in three week . walter what 's that move - in like . in term of deposit and -- for villa live ? in a villa situation ? retirement home administrator on you move - in we will need first month 's , last month 's and you full deposit . $ 6,300 . this be a little more than walter have around . he 's start to show it . walter how much should I make this deposit for today ? to reserve it . billing director nine hundred . walter 's write the word villa in the memo space of he check . then he check he balance - he have $ 7,100 in there . this be a serious realization for walter . this expense will take nearly everything he have . int . elevator , descending , retirement home - moment later walter and odessa ride the elevator down . walter 's pretty stress . 60 . walter where 's that frigging clementine cake wrapper thing ... walter take out the tear piece of paper Sean O'Connell have write some of he itinerary on ( also that be wrap around cake ) . walter 's now concentrate on the destination under Iceland . the one where the destination name have be tear off . it just have the date and word : klipspringer koofiyad fakr ad - D and one that look like warlock . then letter from a strange look alphabet . walter ( cont 'd ) ( try to figure it out ) warlock ... odessa ( meaning the paper ) what be that ? walter I almost find someone I be look for . for work . in Iceland . this be where he 's go next . I just do not know where it be . ( look at the paper ) warlock . Little weird deer . like kind of a fez-style hat . odessa what be you talk about ? walter that 's what this thing be . klipspringer . koofiyad . I just do not know what they add up to . I put they all in Google nothing come up . ext . battery park - later walter and odessa be back in battery Park . the piano be still across the street dangle from a winch 15 storey up . walter have just write ( yet ) another check to the mover . 61 . odessa ... be everything okay ? at work ? be you sure ? walter ( try to seem confident ) yeah . do not worry . odessa hey . happy birthday , walter . odessa have hand he two wrap gift . walter begin to unwrap they . Inside be two toy : a stretch armstrong and , from yesteryear , the cheap draw tablet where little metal filing be move about with a magnetic wand to add feature to a cartoon face . odessa ( cont 'd ) that be you favorite toy when you be a kid . you do not remember ? walter ( touched ) yeah , I do .... thanks . odessa give walter a kiss . int . subway , moving , NYC - later walter 's riding the subway to work . everything look pretty normal except there 's a small African antelope walk around . int . elevator , time - life build - later walter get in the elevator - but already in there be Ted hendrick and the executive board member guy . walter have be catch off guard . he 's hold toy - the stretch armstrong and draw tablet . walter oh. hey . walter offer he hand to Ted . walter ( cont 'd ) you know we have not really have a chance to talk yet . I know you be decide who 's vital to the transition . and I want to let you know what I do -- 62 . ted hendrick you be vital here ? walter I be . totally . ted hendrick why be you hold toy ? walter ... it 's my birthday . ted hendrick ... you want toy . walter no ... um , my sister give I this . ted hendrick ( nodd at walter 's stretch armstrong ) what do that do ? walter my ... ( do not want to call it a toy ) ...item ? ted hendrick yeah , you be toy . walter his arm and leg stretch outward . um . but that 's not -- I want , before we have the chance to talk , I need to discuss a asset situation with you . walter begin to open he briefcase to stash the toy , but he 's nervous so it drop . int . ted hendrick's office - moment later walter 's in Ted 's glass partition work space . ted hendrick ( after be tell it 's lose , piss ) a photographic negative ? I think that have all be process ? 63. walter I have process the digitization of every single photograph in life 's library . two million and eleven . but we have not be able to locate this last negative . ted hendrick I know . because I have be ask for it . because it 's the quintessence fuck one that I tell my boss we have . it 's the cover . you seriously lose a photographer 's work ? at life ? walter ' mom appear once more in the hallway ; she 's out there , peek into this office . walter I be confident we will find it . ted hendrick why be you confident we will find it ? walter have no reason to be confident he will find it . so he do not say anything . ted hendrick ( cont 'd ) that do not give I confidence , a no - answer . you be in asset , I guess ? walter yes . ted hendrick this do not reflect very well on you . walter 's at a loss . ted hendrick ( cont 'd ) during a evaluation week . walter I have be here nine year -- ted hendrick ( gesture out he cell phone ) here . call Helmut Newton . tell he you lose he picture . 64 . walter Helmut Newton do not -- ted hendrick do not Helmut Newton I . walter I do not Helmut Newton you . a awkward moment pass . walter ( cont 'd ) I do not Helmut Newton anyone . I be say I have not misplace a negative in nine year . I have handle every negative in we library and prepare they for we archive . I have overseen they digitization , catalogue each photographer 's period-specific film and photo equipment . and I have manage the preservation of the original vision of each photograph . I have never mishandle a single nega - ted hendrick hey . we have hold up publication of this issue because I tell my boss that photo be fuck amazing . okay ? we have spend a hundred and nine thousand dollar because of the overage . you lose a amazing photo -- walter I know where he be . Sean . ted hendrick where be he ? walter somewhere -- I have not piece it together , somewhere be there be ( I think ) little deer and warlock . ted hendrick do you know what " fire with cause " mean ? walter yes . 65 . ted hendrick I have cause to fire you . you will not pick up another check . I can let you go without severance because - walter that be not -- ted hendrick you lose a Sean O'Connell . it be quintessence . he 's a war photographer ? cubicle , you be go to tell this brave photographer , risk he life , that you , a male sit in a office , lose --? walter do you call I cubicle ? ted hendrick do you work at one ? walter well , yeah , but I be not name after one . ted hendrick what be you name ? Ted turn around ( he back to walter ) to pour himself some fiji. ted hendrick ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? while Ted be turn around , walter leave . so when Ted turn back , he find walter go . int . elevator , descending - moment later walter and he mom ride the elevator down . walter Mom , why be you -- do you need something ? edna I just want to thank you for my villa . odessa tell I all about it . it sound so pleasant . villa . that guy be a real dick . 66 . walter yeah . edna anyway , hon , you have really become the man of the family , and I want to say I love you , and happy birthday . walter ... thanks , mom. walter 's in a desperate state . edna what a dick . Big man . Big warlord of the fortieth floor -- walter warlord ? edna I be just discuss they . last week . they rule over small area of land use threat , and force bribe of livestock or klipspringers . walter ( strange , he mom 's use word from the clementine itinerary ) ... klipspringer ? edna yes . walter why do you just say that word ? edna in some part of the world they carry small deer like we carry , say , quarter . to pay bribe . also , blanket or clothing item like koofiyad . walter ( this be get bizarre ) ... koofiyad . edna yes , for the warlord . 67 . walter ( something important have dawn on he ) ... warlord . int . starbucks , 5 th avenue - later walter 's in Starbucks , on he laptop . he 's in google . he 's put in the word : klipspringer , koofiyad , , and he 's look at the clementine cake paper scrap that say warlock but he 's beginning to maybe realize it say warlord . so Walters enter it in google with the other clue . the first result be the Wikipedia page for ... Mogadishu , Somalia . walter process this . not great . on a nearby customer 's laptop , a youtube clip play : youtube clip of David after dentist . but walter have be miniaturized and morphed into a little boy , so finely do he 's recognizable both as walter and as famous little drugge - up , young David from the youtube phenomenon clip David after dentist wherein a five - year- old boy be videotape by he dad in a post- dental - visit painkiller haze . he 's in a kid -seat in the back of a suv try to get he mental bearing ( unsuccessfully ) . walter as david after dentist I feel funny . why be this happen ? ( existentially bewildered about where he be ) ... be this real life ? soon after , David arch up and roar some noise mean to express kid rage that he can not control he situation - but we be watch a grow man do it and it apply specifically to the frustration and challenge of he grow - up life . then , in Starbucks , walter take out he gift wallet from photographer Sean O'Connell . he look at the inscription : from s.o. to walter mitty - thanks for the great work . 68 . then walter look at a further embossment on the back . it say life 's purpose . it 's the mission statement of he company . walter believe in it . CUT to : what follows be a montage of the most classic photograph ...on proud display at life . this be not simply celebrity or commemoration of familiar event - this be the result of the painstake quest to fulfill the pledge of life at its inception . amid the picture we glimpse part of life 's purpose engrave on the lobby wall . " to see life ; to see the world ; to eyewitness great event ; to watch the face of the poor more photo that reach this standard pass - american face . face from all over the world . " to see man 's work ­ he tower , discovery and labor we see photo of man and woman in pain , moment of deep pride , fear , uncertainty , glory . thing hide behind wall this be depiction of american plight - what devastating weather wringht , the sequester life of the deeply poor . thing dangerous to come to ; to see and to take pleasure in see ; to see and be amaze ; that be the purpose of life . ext . JFK , airport , terminal - later walter walk up a white terminal with he briefcase . he stop . he unsure he 's go to go forward . then he look at he wallet again . 69 . specifically the phrase life 's purpose - to see the World . thing dangerous to come to . he 's look hard at the thing dangerous to come to part . int . emirate airline desk , JFK - later walter busy a ticket at the desk of the national airline of the United arab emirate at the far western edge of terminal three . walter I need to buy a ticket , I think to Dubai . because I be go , actually , to Mogadishu ( shit ) which I think , I be not allow to do from here , because it 's illegally dangerous . ticket clerk yeah .. ( punch in some stuff ) that 's right more or less .. int . emeritus airline 747 - later walter 's the only guy on here without a headdress . he 's still look at the out of focus photograph he print way back , hope yet , that it will give he some indication of what the miss picture be . ext . baggage claim , dubai airport - day walter be wait for he bag to come around on the luggage carousel . they do - it 's just he briefcase he 's have with he for the film 's entirety . but as he retrieve it , he make the acquaintance of a group of travel danish teens by help they lift they heavy backpack from the carousel . walter here you go . ( like it 's heavy ) whoa , what do you have in there ? ulf skateboard . some switch out board . this teens be boy knud , soren and ulf . and girl gry and denll . walter I like you truck . I use to skateboard . where be you guy head ? 70 . soren into Dubai . walter hey , do you guy know anyplace to stay , that 's not like a arm and a leg . int . transport van , moving - later the group of teens ( and walter ) tour into Dubai in a gypsy van . ext . skate park , dubai - later walter 's in a skate park with danish teens knud , soren and ulf. and girl gry and dnll . and skateboard around they be Middle - Eastern emiratis , perform familiar skateboard move like " olly , " and " shuvit " but in traditional arab robe and headdress . it 's a lot to take in . walter seem pleased to be do it . int . youth hostel , dubai - evening the group ( include walter ) wait to register at a youth hostel . late teens and kid in they early twenty mill about the lobby . walter 's the oldest guy around . the clerk have be speak to soren in Arabic . soren seem to know he . they seem to have be talk about walter . then they stop . then soren turn to walter . note - walter have a skateboard with he now ( with Arabic graphic on it ) ; he will have it with he for a while . soren he say you be too old to sleep in a room , but you can sleep in the stairwell , hallway or business center . walter stand there for a moment . walter Business center . int . business CENTER , dubai youth hostel - night walter 's lay in the business center of the Dubai youth hostel . it look like he 's possibly sleep on a copier machine . audio from the succeed scene can be hear . newscaster ( o.s. ) ... evacuation begin in earnest Wednesday the third . 71 . int . cheryl' studio apt , brooklyn - night Cheryl 's watch the nightly news - specifically a report about escalate violence in Somalia . newscaster ( v.o. ) in a city already long ago descend into chaos -- against the news report , we see news video from Mogadishu - car tire fire mid-city , skinny goon squad , gun-tote 11 - year - old , and in each of they there be a glimpse of walter mitty , usually in the far background and generally just hustling ( but not run ) just hustling across the street in he short - sleeve shirt and briefcase presumably to do some sort of business there . Cheryl have notice this . ext . mogadishu , CITY park - day walter 's sit in a shitty park in Mogadishu . walter once have a dream like this - where he be in a hotspot like this . now he be . he 's speak to a somalian sit on the bench face he . occasionally , people pass by carry small deer . walter do you know -- be there american journalist work here ? what would someone want to photograph here ? somalian the evacuation . walter who 's evacuate ? somalian the peacekeeper . walter ( like that 's not good ) the peacekeeper ? somalian yeah , they be evacuate . walter like right now ? somalian all week . the korean be leave from the soccer field . 72 . the guy have point a block east of there . ext . soccer field - later walter have run up to the mogadishun soccer field to find a group of Korean soldier amass at midfield . then he make out a blond white photographer among they . walter have start run across the soccer field . walter ... Sean ? ext . soccer field - later across the field , sean o'connell ( 42 ) be in a squatted , interlocked arm embrace with four Korean soldier . there 's aircraft noise above they . walter Sean ? the photographer turn around . walter ( cont 'd ) Sean O'Connell ? Sean look at walter come nearer . he do not recognize walter . walter ( cont 'd ) hey. walter mitty . from the office . sean walter ? walter have reach the group . walter ... yeah . hey . man , I have really be try to reach you . ( to the korean ) hey . ( to sean ) it 's good to finally meet you . thanks for the wallet , man , by the way . Sean , do you happen to know where that negative 12 be . 2 - 6 ? on the roll three ? sean ... you have it . 73. walter you know what , we do not . I have look in every neg box and even every camera bag and we have in the warehouse . I even double - check the teaneck warehouse . seann you have it . walter I really do not . sean ( proud ) no , it 's not in the neg box . that one be special . favorite ever . you have it . seriously . loan I five buck . walter loan you ... what ? sean loan I five buck . walter do not know why this become important to Sean just now . but he reach for he wallet , but when he look up , he find that Sean and the Korean guy he 's attach to have be lift as a group briskly into the air . they have be tethere to a hover rescue helicopter that 's withdraw quickly . Sean 's yell something down . it 's unclear . they ascend further as a unit , way up , way out of reach , get smaller . walter , though remain down on the soccer field . walter ( quietly ) fuck ... soccer field - later moment later , walter remain there , hold five buck that 's flap in the wind . he 's watch the korean and Sean float away . they be very small and very far away . ext . mogadishu - later walter be skateboard through Mogadishu . there be random tire fire go on in the distance . a tire on fire roll by . 74 . ext . mogadishu - later walter 's back in the city park , talk to the same somalian who tell he where to find the korean . walter do you have any sense how I could get back to America if I can not afford a plane ticket right now ? totally ? rodney ... yeah , my brother William . two dollar . walter I give you brother two dollar and then he will tell I how to get back to America ? rodney two dollar . to go to America . walter ... I can go to America for two dollar ? CUT to : ext . car - day walter 's behind the wheel of a small car . but as the camera pull back , we see that he 's behind the wheel of a small car park on another large shipping vessel ( chinese this time ) . ext . indian ocean - moment later still sit in one of the car , walter 's make a phone call . eharmony counselor eharmony . Todd mahar . walter hey , Todd . it 's walter . mitty . eharmony counselor what 's up , walter ? walter hey I want to add a couple item ? eharmony counselor okay . 75 . walter to my be there , done thats . if that 's cool . eharmony counselor it 's really cool . what do you get ? walter okay . Mogadishu ? eharmony counselor yeah . walter be there . the shot lift up and we see the full scope of what walter be willing to do to keep he job , sleep in a chinese car on a chinese boat , on a slow trip back home . int . lobby , apartment highrise , new york - later walter walk up to the front desk of a residential apartment building . walter Cheryl mellhoff . front desk lady you name ? walter walter mitty . she dial the inner-building phone , then have a brief conversation with Cheryl . walter wait quietly . front desk lady ( to walter ) have a seat . she will be right down . walter thanks . walter 's hold the Arabic skateboard . int . lobby - moment later Cheryl and she son Rich have enter the lobby wait area to greet walter . we be only on she for the top of the following exchange 76 . cheryl hey . walter ( o.s. ) hey . cheryl do you find the quintessence of life ? walter ( o.s. ) almost ... cheryl man , I be sorry . ( concerned about he ) how be you feel ? walter ( o.s. ) ... I be okay . now we see walter ; he 's a short distance away in the seating area , but he 's not seat because he 's a human cubicle . he 's shape like a cubicle . walter as a cubicle ( gesture with the Arabic skateboard ) hey , I pick this up for you , Rich . it 's get some cool Arabic write on it . I do not know what it mean . but it look cool . ext . avenue a , NYC - later they have go out among the throng of New yorker , walk up the sidewalk of Avenue A. walter be with Cheryl and Rich but he 's remain a cubicle . ext . skate park , west side , NYC - later walter ( real walter again ) and Cheryl be sit on the lip . Rich be out use the Arabic skateboard . cheryl ( impressed about the board ) ... walter . you go to Mogadishu , and you think about bring a gift home to my son ? 77 . walter I get the board in Dubai . hey , Rich . here watch . the board 's go to come up . you do not have to try to lift it . walter have walk out to show Rich how to ollie . walter do it pretty well . walter ( cont 'd ) you really just have to think about landing . both foot . same time . rich thanks , walter . Rich start try he best . walter sit back down . cheryl ( about Sean O'Connell ) do you have any idea where Sean be now ? walter no , I lose he . he say I have it though . like he know . he smile . he say " you have it . " " you . " what 's he talk about ? at this point , Rich wipe out . he 's scared . he sly on the pavement pretty far and he 's shake up . he bump he shoulder pretty hard , and he 's privately start to cry . cheryl honey . hey . come here . that be great . Rich have come over . cheryl ( cont 'd ) that be really great . here . she mean Rich to sit beside she . she put she arm around he . he 's try not to cry , but he 's cry . cheryl ( cont 'd ) hey . do not worry . you be go to feel fine in five minute . do not worry . hey . she wrap he up . she start rub he back . then she start sing . 78 . cheryl ( cont 'd ) do not worry , about a thing , `cause every little thing be go to be all right . do not worry ..... walter 's sit right there with they . he know she know this song , and that she use it with Rich . he do not know why he know it , but he do . they just sit there for a while , while Rich calm down . the song 's pretty much work , walter 's enjoy be there as much as Rich . cheryl ( cont 'd ) ( quietly , to walter ) you know , all hell break loose this week , while you be go . ext . 6th ave , NYC - day walter walk south up 6th amid foot traffic . come past he , though be a huge black and white Morgan Freeman ( it 's a mover carting off the life Morgan Freeman photo , but he 's hide behind the picture , so this Morgan Freeman have a surreal , lifelike quality . elsewhere up 6th , walter be pass likewise by the Beatles , Winston churchill and a huge Warhol Soup can color photo . int . walter' division floor , corridor - later walter try he pass key to enter the division floor . it 's not work . more huge photo have be carry past walter during this time : " Nixon eat with chopstick . " then " Ruby shoot oswald . " then Ted hendrick 's colleague come out , he 's with a guy we have not see yet . they be both dress for squash . walter Excuse I . can you pass key I in ? I need to see Ted . my pass key be not work . I need to let he know I verify that I have negative 12 . I just do not verify where I have it . ted hendrick colleague you be walter mitty ? walter yes . ted hendrick colleague practical asset . 79 . walter yes . ted hendrick colleague you pass key 's not work because you have be let go . with cause . walter be shake . walter I need to speak to Ted . I find sean o'connell -- new guy Ted 's be let go . we have a overage of 280,000 dollar . due to this publishing delay . walter be there someone who take over Ted 's responsibility ? on a permanent -- new guy yeah , that 's I Steve pender . ( start to leave ) we be late for squash . int . squash court , NYC - later walter 's on the squash court hold a conversation with this two guy who be try to play squash . steve pender this be the last - life-cover situation ? walter yes . steve pender you lose a asset . you cost that comp -- walter I do not lose it . I have it . the photographer tell I . I just do not know where I have it . steve pender that be grounds -- 80 . walter that be no grounds . you can not fire I for not have something that I have . steve pender I be not follow you . Steve serve into walter . walter I have it . I always have have it . when you fire I , I have it . why be you try to hit I with squash ball ? steve pender you be on a squash court . I be try to play -- walter no one 's inform I that I have be let go . steve pender I be inform you . walter I should be send my November check . steve pender fire with cause . no picture . no check walter there 's no cause to keep my salary . ow . pender just serve into walter again . steve pender can you get off the fuck court here ? walter I would like to speak to you supervisor . steve pender you can not . 81 . walter I demand to speak to you supervisor . steve pender you can not do that either . walter I would like to demand to speak to you supervisor . steve pender I do not work at comcast . I do not have a supervisor you can just talk to . my supervisor be Mark Chatham . he own the timm company . which be a hold company that hold conglomerate . he 's in Los Angeles for the g8 summit , and he would not talk to you anyway even if you be stick in a fuck elevator . that 's my supervisor . walter the purpose of life -- steve pender go. walter hey , fuck you , man . there 's be a little bit of a shove , shoulder thing . it 's get a little hot . int . bus , moving , NY - later walter 's on the bus . he 's look at the out of focus print again . walter ( to himself ) what be this ? some time pass . then walter put on he loupe ( eye glass with a center magnify lens ) . then he cell phone vibrate . he 's get a email . he read it . 82. it look weird because we be see it through walter 's magnify loupe - but much of it be clear : it 's from human resource and read in part : because you have be terminate with cause you do not qualify for severance or to salary beyond you last day of work . this message confirm that today 's date ( 11/12/11 ) constitute the last day of you ..... walter be stunne . ext . STREET , brooklyn - later walter 's among some other , walk up a sidewalk home , but he 's be so throw by be fire in this manner that he 's forget to take he head - mount loupe off . it 's a unusual image . this be a view through walter 's loupe as he walk through Brooklyn try to get he head together . the middle image be magnify but the outside circumference be not - it 's unusual and sort of pretty - to see people pass by , sometimes enhance , then not , all a little dizzy , like walter 's feel . int . elevator , walter' build - later walter ride up the elevator with some normal - look resident in he head - mount loupe . int . walter' apartment - moment later walter walk into he apartment . he sit down in the small live room ( he 's still wear the loupe ) . some time pass . nothing seem to happen . then , slowly , after considerable time , a look of powerful and complete astonishment come over he . he 's look at something that have just shift he world . we see thing from walter 's perspective ( through the loupe ) . most everything be out of focus because he 's wear they . but he 's look , in real life ( in he apartment ) , at exactly the out of focus image that he have be carry around a photo of . the object be in he apartment . he look at this out of focus ( because of the loupe ) real object . then he look at the photo he still hold . they be indisputably the same . then he look back at the real object and remove he loupe to bring it into focus . it 's the piano . some time go by . walter .... Mom ? 83. edna ( o.s. ) yes ? walter hey , do -- do a guy take a picture of you piano ? like a week ago ? edna Sean ? walter ( surprised ) ... yeah . edna no. I take it . with Sean 's camera . walter where do you get Sean 's camera ? edna from Sean . he come to visit . edna have enter the room . walter Sean O'Connell ? edna he come to visit . to talk about you . walter I ? edna yeah . he ask I some question about you ? what you work schedule be , when you leave , when you come home . he say you really understand life . he want to know about you work . he say you " get life . " walter listen . edna ( cont 'd ) I just send he my recipe for clementine cake ? to he email . I pack he some when he leave . he just love it . we snack on some during we warlord conversation . 84 . walter do you know where -- edna he 's in Nepal now , I think . photograph snow leopard . let I think . yes. ship. Iceland . Mogadishu . Nepal . that 's what he say . the information 's be right there . walter think about that for a while . walter man , I have be desperately search for he . for a long time . thanks , mom . edna I do not know that . you do not talk about work that often . walter I know . I do not want you to worry . it 's not always cool and easy . ... why do you take a picture of you piano ? edna I be concerned we could not keep it , dear . I know it 's a burden . I do not know if we could manage . so I think I might not see it again . I want a picture . she smile at walter . then edna look at the out of focus print . edna ( cont 'd ) that 's not a very good picture . but that 's okay . she 's right here . edna pat she actual piano . then she look at walter with great affection . edna ( cont 'd ) you know , I wonder sometimes ... you have to start work so early . Orange julius . then all through college . at avis . then pizza delivery . that shitty pizza . then at this company . ( more ) 85 . edna ( cont 'd ) I wish maybe you have the chance , a great chance to pursue you dream . walter ( smile , cheer she ) mom. hey . come on . I like my job . I mean it 's not my dream job . so what ? ( meaning no one really get that wish ) I have a lot of company . edna what do you want to be , when you young ? walter ... I do not even remember . edna sure you do . everybody do . walter think about it . then edna kiss he . edna ( cont 'd ) thanks for take care of we , walter . walter sit there for a moment . he be the man of the family . he 's get to go out into the world and get something do . walter ( rise to leave ) I have to go somewhere , mom . possibly I will be reachable by phone . ext . NYC - later this be New York at lunch hour . walter 's out there with everybody . it 's the same kind of Manhattan scene we have see before , but here everybody around walter 's walk to they dream job . there 's a large female jockey . a black matador , a elderly magician , etc . a wider view reveal a block full of man and woman head for job that be not " fall back " job but long - for walk of life - astronaut , beekeeper , rodeo clown , Supreme Court judge , a city - block full of who be visibly live dream . it 's a colorful environment . except for one normal look guy beside walter . walter what be you ? 86 . normal guy stay at home dad . walter cool . normal guy congratulation . walter thanks , man . walter look normal . but he 's hold a trophy . this be what he 's just be congratulate over . normal guy be that a grammy ? or a Nobel -- walter grammy . best male R &amp ; B vocal performance . normal guy Way to go . walter you , too . walter ( with he trophy ) cross the street with the whole massive host of dream job-going New York commuter - a thousand of they . ext . subway station , brooklyn - later walter back in the work world , run up a platform to catch a train that 's nearly leave . int . terminal , JFK - later walter 's at etihad Airways book desk . it 's a shabby airline . it 's a shabby - look desk . there 's only one clerk and walter 's the only one in line . etihad clerk there 's only one flight to Nepal , in the next 18 hour . walter that 's okay . etihad clerk ( check he computer ) but there be not any seat leave . 87 . walter ( disappointed ) none ? etihad clerk I be afraid not . walter ... not one ? etihad clerk well , there 's one seat , but ... he look around like he should not be sell it , like it 's not by the book , but he will do it . int . lavatory , etihad airline flight , flying - day walter 's sit in the airplane lavatory . he 's not use it . he 's just riding on it . it 's the seat he just buy . someone knock . so walter have to get up and leave for a moment . we jump cut through walter do this several time . then we find he during a nice quiet stretch , where he can sit on the lavatory seat uninterrupted for a couple minute . during this time we watch he take out he wallet - the gift from Sean O'Connell . walter look at it close on the " life purpose " credo specifically we be look at the line " ... the purpose of life . " walter 's look at this embossment on he wallet . he 's lose faith anyone besides he take it to heart . walter no longer do either . so he discard the wallet in the lav trash . then someone knock on the lav door after which walter must rise and leave the lavatory once more . ext . zhengmo , nepal - day a small bus drive slowly up the single mountain road through the town of Zhengmo , Nepal . int . bus , moving , zhengmo - same walter ride on this bus . there be a great deal to look at and marvel over out the window . walter 's do that . ext . village traveling lodge , village of quenn , nepal - later the bus have stop in a remote village . 88. int . village traveling lodge - same ( night ) walter speak with a mountain guide near the lodge fireplace . walter I be try to locate a photographer . guide how can I help ? walter the information I have ( from my mom ) be that he 's work with a guide name stepit . any idea ... be that enough of a clue where they might be ? I know they be photograph snow leopard , and this be the snow leopard region -- guide they will be in the kosi forest . that 's where stepit be raise . when he 's book it 's to go there . it 's dangerous . only he can take you there safely . walter I need to go there . guide I can take you . for a fee . there be a pause . walter do not you just say that only that other guy can take you through there ? safely ? guide ( he 's a huckster ) ... do I say that ? walter yes . guide I do not mean that . I mean that only he and I be the guy who can do that . walter look skeptical . 89 . ext . snowfield , forest , qeeung nepal - later walter and the guide drive snowmobile up into the hilly distance of Nepal . ext . forest and snowfield - later they have get off they snowmobile . walter have start walk west - all we see that way be snow , mountain and forest . walter this way ? guide yeah . walter be not you come ? guide I can not walk in the snow . it 's hard as shit . ( pointing ) just go that way . walter that 's -- that 's how you be guide I ? by point and say go that way ? walter have point to make a point . but he guide adjust the direction of walter 's sarcastic point slightly . guide a little -- to the leave . ( as walter do it ) there . yeah . after a moment , walter start to go that way . ext . snowfield , forest - day a massive snow scape . you can only see a snow horizon and bare forest , and walter walk across it ( with he briefcase ) . total middle of nowhere . he walk for a while , then he phone begin to ring . walter ... hello . eharmony counselor hey . 90 . walter ( they know each other voice by now ) hey , Todd . eharmony counselor what 's up ? walter not much . eharmony counselor good news . I think we be go to be able to get you on eharmony . walter okay . cool . eharmony counselor you profile have round out a little . I put you travel in . there 's enough go on in you profile so now we can submit you . walter great , man . eharmony counselor where be you now ? it sound cold . walter it even sound cold ? eharmony counselor yeah . walter Nepal . eharmony counselor hey , walter . why do not you submit any picture ? most people have photo of they with friend , out on the town . walter I do not really do a lot of , you know , swinging . eharmony counselor swing ? 91 . walter yeah . eharmony counselor swing mean fuck marry people . when you be marry . walter oh. I do not mean that . eharmony counselor no . walter I mean like party , I guess . I use to like to be at work at 8 . and I have some family demand that keep I pretty busy . eharmony counselor you mom and sister . walter yeah . eharmony counselor you know . people do not know they be lean on you . until you move . and they fall . walter ( not in the mood for advice ) be you chinese ? you be so wise . eharmony counselor I be neither . but I know you , walter . I have be study you here . you seem to carry a lot of weight . walter well , I be not go to move and let the people who lean on I fall , because the people who lean on I be my mom and my sister . eharmony counselor be you in a bad mood ? walter a little . 92 . eharmony counselor well , let 's keep round this profile out . what do you do during you downtime ? walter I do not get a lot . but I guess if I have to say - mostly I just consider thought ... for my vision for idea and scenario about the world . eharmony counselor ( like that sentence do not actually mean anything ) you consider thought for you vision for idea and scenario about the world ? walter yeah . eharmony counselor you daydream ? Todd have get to the heart of the matter . eharmony counselor ( cont 'd ) you know , study show that people who spend a great deal of time fantasize and daydream , doodling and shit they be not really that happy . sean ... hey , man , do you mind ? walter have come upon , without realize it , some kind of snow nest camp , camouflage among tree . photographer Sean O'Connell be campe there with he gear . walter look at he . sean ( cont 'd ) I be try to photograph a snow leopard . walter ... Sean ? sean yeah . 93. walter ( to todd ) hey , I get to go . eharmony counselor no problem . congratulation . you be on eharmony . walter cool . walter hang he phone up . he look at Sean . walter ( cont 'd ) Sean O'Connell ? sean yeah . walter walter . mitty . sean walter . seriously . what the fuck ? what be you -- walter I have be look for you . sean sit down . walter sit by the fire with Sean . sean ( cont 'd ) ... be you okay ? walter yeah , warming up . sean take you time . walter hey , Sean . I really need that picture . I be take a lot of heat at work . over that . sean that negative you ask I about . walter yeah . 94 . sean 12 ? a moment go by . sean ( cont 'd ) you be sit on it . walter do not understand . walter why be I sit on it ? sean because it 's in you wallet . walter 's listen . sean ( cont 'd ) that be the gift . the picture . the wallet be just someplace to keep the picture . I put it in the little picture slot in the wallet . the little picture holder . I think that would be cute . I say " look inside . " in the note . walter I think that mean inside the wrapping paper . I never open it . goddmanit . the wallet . I leave the -- sean ( whispering ) shhh ... walter oh , yeah ... ( whispering ) fuck . sean what ? walter I - - can you believe it - I just this morning I put it in a receptacle thing . sean the picture ? 95 . walter well , I do not know I be throw that out , but ... yeah . sean the wallet ? walter I just do not believe in life 's purpose anymore . so I fuck ( I can not believe it ) chuck it . sean so you have no idea what it be ? walter no ... sean the picture ? walter no . walter 's dispirite ( and cold ) . sean do you want to know what it be ? it be great . walter think about it . then he shake he head . some time go by . sean ( cont 'd ) hey . walter turn . sean ( cont 'd ) ( kind of excited , smile ) Real life . Sean point up ahead at a tree line . what they find there , a pretty good way off , be two snow leopard . Sean gesture for walter to recline . Sean do too . sean ( cont 'd ) they be pretty rare . Sean have he camera rig up . he just shift it a little as the snow leopard draw nearer . this all thrill a part of walter . Sean nod at the camera to mean that walter should take the picture , if he would like . 96 . walter seem to like that idea . he look through the lens , he prepare to take the picture . he 's smile . sean ( cont 'd ) ( whispering ) you hand 's over the lens . walter oh. sean there you go . walter take the picture . then he sit up . then both guy watch the snow leopard for real - it 's a little thrill . int . lax airport , los angele - day walter have land in Los Angeles . he look exhaust . he 's sit in a terminal chair , on the phone with he sister . he 's all alone . it 's quiet there . walter ... we may have to sell Mom 's piano , in order to pay for the villa . this week . odessa ( o.s. ) but do not we get the villa so we can put Mom 's piano in it ? walter yeah . the situation make no sense . but it 's where they have find themselves . walter ( cont 'd ) it 's " for " d up . I know . but if I do not get my severance I be go to have to forfeit that deposit , because I can not afford the room . and I will not have enough to get she another place . another decent place . odessa ( o.s. ) so we may end up have to pay for a bigger room because it can hold a piano by sell that piano ? and then have to pay for the bigger empty room for a year . 97 . walter yeah . odessa ( o.s. ) .... do you get everything you want ? for you birthday . walter almost ? odessa ( o.s. ) what 's leave ? walter nothing I just want everyone in the world to be Morgan Freeman . so it would just be I and Morgan freeman , in the whole world . odessa ( o.s. ) ( smiling ) what about I ? walter you would be you . but like a combo with he . just a little calmer , more quiet . gentler . odessa ( o.s. ) would I have push - back hair and freckle ? walter yeah . odessa ( v.o. ) where be you ? walter Los Angeles . odessa ( o.s. ) be you okay ? you sound tired . walter I be okay . I be go to take the train to my hotel . try to get home tomorrow . odessa ( o.s. ) I love you . 98 . walter I love you , too . ext . downtown los angele - later this be a huge shot of downtown . we pan back around and find we be in a metro train . walter 's there . he 's near he stop . so he rise , and he walk past he rowmate to the aisle , but he 's jostle she accidentally . walter I be sorry . she 's a fifteen - year Puerto rican girl ( who 's Morgan Freeman ) . 15-yr-old -puerto-rican girl morgan FREEMAN ( Morgan freeman 's voice ) do not worry about it . she 's be morphed with Morgan Freeman -- still Puerto rican but also Morgan Freeman . we notice elsewhere around walter this have happen ; everyone in he vicinity ( the train he 's walk off ) have a combination with Morgan Freeman 's feature - Korean Morgan freeman , Transit Police freeman , six - year - old . Black one . everyone around , morphed with the familiar characteristic of the dignify and peaceful actor . walter have a hundred Morgan freeman around he . it 's a good world . walter walk in the midst of it all . ext . 2 nd STREET , downtown los angele - later walter , walk with he briefcase , have reach a street corner farther east in downtown l.a . the Morgan freeman have leave he . it 's the regular world . walter 's try to cross up 2nd Street , but he 's find a police barricade there . cop you can not go this way without a summit pass . walter what 's a summit pass ? cop for the g8. walter I be try to get to my hotel . cop ... protest be on 3rd street . 99 . walter watch a series of limo drive by ; they be bound for they downtown hotel and the summit there . walter recall a association to this . the director of he corporation 's attend . walter my boss , the guy who run my company be here . be it cool if I talk to he . be I allow ? cop this be America . you can do whatever you want as long as you stay on the far side of the barricade on 3rd . walter there 's a work situation I want to clue he in on . I be let go with cause . but there be not -- cop hey . keep walk , okay ? I have get a job to do . int . time - life build , NYC - later the tvs be on in the corporate board room , no one 's watch but if they be , they would see news report from MSNBC from the g8 summit in Los Angeles female news reporter it 's a tense environment . to be sure . there be fear of a repeat of the violence in Seattle at the wto . and there be three thousand more protestor here today . behind she you can see a great number of young people , anti- establishment and anti-capitalist chanter . it look like a hot environment already . female news reporter ( cont 'd ) there 's a outdoor concert schedule just a block away from the hotel where the summit be hold , which summit organizer say be a deliberate provocation , but which concert promoter and protestor say be within they freedom to assemble . 100 . walter walk by she . he 's still dress the same . still with he briefcase , now in Los Angeles at the g8. ext . downtown los angele - same the g8 summit attendee ( business leader and government leader from across the industrialized world ) be be hustle past the crowd of chant young people . some be field reporter 's question hastily , then head up the hotel step for the summit . there 's a huge number of people here , protestor , reporter , police ( many ) . it already feel a little like mayhem . Business leader MARK chatham be wrapping up a exchange with CNN on the sidewalk outside the step , then he start be pepper with a request from walter who 's amid the chant protestor on the other side of the barricade . walter Sir , can I have two secs ? Mr. Chatham , can I have two secs ? I be a former employee of one of you company . mitty ? Chatham have notice walter . the CNN reporter look on . walter ( cont 'd ) just two secs ? former employee ? mitty ? I be let go with cause . but I do not think that 's actually what should have happen . it 's awkward for Chatham , observe and on camera by CNN . he can not blatantly ignore walter now . MARK chatham where do you work ? walter the life corporation . two secs ? MARK chatham ( gesture for walter to " hold on " ) one minute . Mark say something to a aide . the guy begin to make a phone call . walter wait as Chatham finish he CNN exchange . walter 's jostle by the crowd . the police be in the midst now , try to push people back . it 's get a little rough , ugly . 101 . when Chatham finish with CNN , he aide hang up he phone and he say something to Chatham that walter overhear . aide there be a mitty there , but she 's a black woman . MARK chatham okay ( leave , to walter ) Nice try . Chatham head up to the hotel . he 's brush walter off . a cop 's try to move walter back . walter 's resisting , need Chatham . walter wait . no. I be walter mitty ! I be a man ! Chatham 's a little farther away . walter ( cont 'd ) ( yelling out ) I be walter mitty ! walter have pass the barrier . the cop 's get hard with he . walter ( cont 'd ) ( really have to yell now ) I be walter mitty ! I be a man ! police officer get the fuck behind the barricade . walter ( meaning the young protestor ) I be not with they . it 's at this point one of the young danish teens walter befriend in Dubai come up to walter , glad to see he . walter ( cont 'd ) ( pleased to see ulf even in the midst of this ) hey , ulf . now the cop 's convinced walter mean harm . he 's just shove walter in the chest with he nightstick . 102 . walter ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ? something have snap beyond they . some real violence have start . the cop be bear down . walter get jack in the thigh with a nightstick . walter ( cont 'd ) ow , fuck , man . hey , I have a scale - back co- pay medical plan . a phalanx of police have move in . they be a straight - across line of force , there to push the protestor back . during this scrum , walter become separate from he briefcase . he 's literally hold it throughout the movie - Greenland , Dubai , Mogadishu , Nepal ; now it 's be tear from he hand . walter ( cont 'd ) hey . New desperation come over he . walter ( cont 'd ) hey , my briefcase . walter 's be push farther back . there be great noise around and a antic vibe of violence brewing . walter ( cont 'd ) seriously . can I just -- I need my briefcase . walter , during the mayhem find a abandon megaphone at he foot . he start to use it . walter ( cont 'd ) ( through the megaphone , to the gather police ) okay . hey can I just get my briefcase . it 's behind you guy . walter really have to fight to even hold he ground here . walter ( cont 'd ) ( through the megaphone ) my briefcase ? it have asset in there that belong to the company that -- a negative roll . can all you people stop for one second so I can get my goddamn briefcase . horse ? 103 . a new line of mount riot police have move in , fill the space leave between walter , the riot police wall and walter 's briefcase lay there on the pavement . the horse endanger it . they gather around it , precariously close to damaging what it hold . walter ( cont 'd ) ( through the megaphone ) there be asset in that bag . they be my responsi-- two police officer have move in on walter because he 's the only protestor hold he ground and not flee ( because he want he briefcase ) walter ( cont 'd ) ( through the megaphone ) I be just try to finish my job . ask. I be walter mitty . I be a man . a tear -gas cannister land at walter' feet . but he remain there . he start to call over ( through the megaphone ) to Mark Chatham forty yard away on the hotel step . walter ( cont 'd ) ( through the megaphone ) Sir ? I be walter mitty ! I be a man ! the cop be get rough with he . walter ( cont 'd ) ( through the megaphone ) I be walter mitty ! I be a man ! I need to just snag my briefcase . I be a man ! let I do my fuck job ! walter have fight through the cop , now he fight through the horse to reach he briefcase . walter ( cont 'd ) horse ! walter 's choke on the teargas but he will not quit . he 's finally fight he way to he briefcase . int . time - life build , NYC - later they be watch this on the news at life . it 's a riot . like Seattle . on screen , walter 's image have a beautiful thing to it - it 's like tank man . 104 . a company man stand there in a short - sleeve dress shirt , get tear - gass , fight to get out of there with he briefcase . walter I be walter mitty ! I be a man ! ulf and soren arrive at he side and try to drag he back from a approach flank of LA riot police . they want this kid step back . walter 's not . when they reach he , there 's a dust - up with ulf . more kid get in the mix . it 's go to get out of hand ; the police be too rough , the kid too dumb to move . walter 's in the middle of it all . soon , there be some wild punch . then everyone in the scrum must fight to keep they tooth in they mouth . it 's all break loose . walter 's fight it out like everyone else . more kid have run in . some other , too , older . protestor I be a man ! the kid start yell this , too . younger protestor I be a man ! there 's like eight people yell this now . over where there 's just a lot of people safely observe , along the sidewalk , some more down to earth type , older people , family people , this message be start to hit . there 's a 60 - year - old working man there . he 's admire walter 's gut . working man ... you be goddamn right . int . time - life build , NYC - same back on the boardroom tvs we see that CNN be broadcasting a report on the riot . reporter known only as " I be a man man . " this brave protestor be tear - gass then just " for " ing hammer with nightstick . I be sorry I be lose some professionalism . but this guy just would not back down . let he get he briefcase . jeez . 105 . on screen , there be further footage from the g8 . walter 's in the middle of a pack really get work over by fire - up police . ext . downtown los angele - same we have a helicopter view of the g8 scene , there 's a huge concert go on , the summit across the street and the street in between swell with a mob of people . radio host ( o.s. ) all right Los Angeles County . you be on talk 360 . what do you think of " I be a man " man ? caller ( latino ) like the guy 's style . he 's just let the world now " do not walk all over I . " be not that on one of we old flag and shit ? " he 's a human man . that corporation own the cop , man . you know that . do you not ? ext . downtown los angele - same on the street , outside the summit , lot of the crowd be yell " I be a man . " you can hear rage against the Machine soundcheck across the street . ext . downtown los angele - later it 's important to note that the source footage for most of what follow be the actual hand -held video capture of the cop-bait rage against the Machine daytime concert stage among five city block outside the Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles . five thousand angry , anti- establishment young people - 2,000 police officer wear riot gear , as well as additional horse , motorcycle , squad car and police helicopter , all capture in raw frame walter have be very naturally include in . he 's try to walk through the crowd , find he way home through it ( this be the free provocative downtown concert the reporter mention ) but he 's be recognize . kid it 's I be a man man . walter 's try to find he danish friend . walter ulf ? 106 . walter 's be rubbed on the head by way of congratulation , recognize from what he do earlier . pretty soon he 's up ( sort of against he will ) on they shoulder . rage against the Machine have begin bull on parade - it 's a anti- establishment classic . on stage : lead singer zach do LA rocha Brothers and sister , we democracy have be hijacked . all you true freedom in this country be over , as long as it 's control by corporation . ( noticing walter ) be that that motherfucker from the fight ? back in the crowd , they be rile up . they start pass walter forward ( atop they ) like a beach ball . zach do LA rocha pass he up here . ( start the song ) the song kick in . it 's a electric area now . the song 's powerful . the crowd 's start to feel like a mob . walter 's still a beach ball they be send up to the stage . he cross seventy foot on he back , pass up by a couple hundred hand . soon the crowd have he on the stage . right among the band . zach do LA rocha ( cont 'd ) hey , man . walter hey. walter mitty . how be you ? zach do LA rocha ( gesture to the crowd ) tell they who you be . walter ( into the mic Zach hand he ) I be walter mitty ! I be enjoy the show ! the music keep play . walter ( cont 'd ) ( to zach ) I know all the word . 107 . zach do LA rocha ( can not hear he ) what ? walter I love this song . I know all the word . zach do LA rocha ( hading he the mic and megaphone ) well sing they . walter take the gear . walter sing they out , walter . sing out , man ! the music have some drive for sure . walter 's get pump . he look at the crowd - all anti-establishment jump up and down . walter ( cont 'd ) ( start the song ) come with it now . walter perform the first set of verse , mic through a megaphone . he 's get some decent body language and a okay metal - rap flow ( and he still have he briefcase ) . walter ( cont 'd ) rally round the family , with a pocket full of shell . the crowd 's like it . soon , they want walter to stage dive and join they . he do it . there 's no way that this crowd stay inside the concert grounds , and its energy level will not keep thing safe . soon enough the spark of a riot start when some fold chair start fly from the crowd over to the police , now fly cup of ice and water . then there 's face to face , cop - protestor taunting . there be five thousand young people in the street ( and walter ) and they be too close to the sedan that drive the business leader there . when a fold chair hit a lady cop it 's a riot . down in the middle of it , walter 's get some mix - feeling - some fear , but the mayhem 's release something pent up that make he feel good . he 's thrashing around as hard as anybody . he 's push past a news camera whose feed we have the perspective of . 108 . walter ( cont 'd ) hi , Mom . they all spill into the LA street next door . so , it 's one of that fifteen minute where rule do not work anymore . the music , sun , collective anger . someone throw a chair through a Starbucks window . walter get involved in some property destruction , all catch up in this big feel . he try to kick over a post office drop box , but it 's weld in there , so he can not . then he get arrest . walter ( cont 'd ) shit .... walter 's down on the pavement with a policeman 's knee in he back . walter ( cont 'd ) oh , that 's my shoulder blade . int . paddy wagon , police transporter - later walter 's alone in the back of the police wagon . his arm be shackle . he 's sit on the build in metal bench , until the transporter hit a bump and he fall to the metal floor . it 's not easy to stand when you hand be cuffed . but walter struggle up . but he 's stand without any mean to stabilize himself and every time the wagon turn he get chuck around . int . police station , LA - later walter have just be book . the police clerk hand he a phone . police clerk make you call . walter um , shoot , I do not have my cell phone . I think I only know like one number by heart . after a moment , walter call this number . he wait while it ring . int . police station , LA - later walter 's be release . his short - sleeve dress shirt be tear . worked over . he 's work over . he do not look like much of a businessman anymore . just the contour . his briefcase be be release back to he , tick off its content . 109 . police clerk one negative roll . five photographic print . one laptop . stretch armstrong . cell phone . a orange . ext . police station , LA - later there be a young man wait on the step of the downtown police station . walter come down the step he way . young man walter mitty ? walter yeah . young man Todd mahar . eharmony . after a moment , they hug . int . INTERNATIONAL house of pancakes - later Todd and walter catch a late bite at IHOP . they get a good booth . walter do you like work in Los Angeles ? todd mahar yeah . traffic 's tough . but it 's a cool city . if you get bored here , man , it 's you fault . walter you look different . todd mahar than what ? walter than I picture . I picture you wear a old time judge 's wig . the whole time . todd mahar the whole time we talk you picture I in a judge 's wig ? walter 's cell have start ringing . 110 . walter hello ? woman' voice hi this be Cynthia despihg . with etihad Airlines . be this walter mitty ? walter yeah , hey . woman' voice we find you wallet . I think . this have surprised walter . he 's go quiet . woman' voice ( cont 'd ) be you a walter mitty who fly to Nepal Wednesday the 15th ? walter yes I be a walter mitty who do that . woman' voice we have you wallet . it 's at we Los Angeles terminal office . walter I be in Los Angeles . with pancake . ( after a moment ) I do not know why I just say that . I be excited . woman' voice it 's exciting to get you wallet back when you think you lose it . walter ... for sure . woman' voice maintenance find it in a trash receptacle . you must have accidentally -- walter yeah . woman' voice we luggage delivery car can get it to you . she 's go out now . 111 . walter ( nearly overwhelmed ) ... thank you . ext . INTERNATIONAL house of pancakes , los angele - later walter and Todd mahar wait out in front of IHOP , under the IHOP overhang , wait for walter 's wallet to arrive in the parking lot . every once in a while , when walter look at Todd , Todd 's wear a old time judge 's wig . walter do I look like you picture ? todd mahar yep . pretty normal look guy . this do not really jack walter up . todd mahar ( cont 'd ) you look normal . but you be not . you be a pretty interesting guy walter . a car pull up . todd mahar ( cont 'd ) I be glad you get out of the office . it 's good to meet you . a young woman ( middle -eastern , 20 ) have leave the small car . she 's walk up to walter ; she 's get he wallet . etihad airline luggage girl be you walter mitty ? walter yeah . etihad airline luggage girl here you go . she hand walter he wallet . etihad airline luggage girl ( cont 'd ) that 's really beautiful . walter what 's that ? etihad airline luggage girl what it say . life 's purpose . 112 . she look at walter for a while . etihad airline luggage girl ( cont 'd ) to see thing hide behind wall , to take pleasure in see , to see and be amaze , that be the purpose of life . I really like that . I be glad you get it back . walter yeah . I appreciate it . that be cool of you guy . etihad airline luggage girl ( leaving ) have a nice night . int . todd mahar be car , moving , los angele - later they be drive through nighttime Los Angeles . walter 's just open he wallet . he 's look at the little picture sleeve . there 's a small white envelope in there . walter remove it . then he take a film negative from the envelope . just to check it 's there . then he put it right back in the envelope without examine it . todd mahar ( in a judge 's wig here ) what be it ? walter I do not know . I do not care . I have it . walter and Todd ride along for a while . walter ( cont 'd ) can you drop I off at like ... where would that guy stay ? who own my company ? Mark Chatham . ted hendrick want to try the four season ? int . four season HOTEL , lobby - moment later walter have walk up to the front desk of the four season lobby . walter Mark Chatham ? the young desk clerk pick up the house phone . a ring . 113. four season clerk I be a man man 's here ? the clerk listen for a moment . walter wait to see if he will be allow up . he will . four season clerk ( cont 'd ) room Seven ten. int . HOTEL 7th floor - later walter wait just outside a four season 's hotel room door . he 's just finish knock . the guy who hold conglomerate Mark Chatham answer the door . walter hey . man , I be sorry . I be hope I could talk to you for two secs ? a moment go by . walter ( cont 'd ) I be walter mitty . Mark look at he . walter ( cont 'd ) I be not a black woman , with a mustache . I be a man who use to work for you company . MARK chatham you the guy from tv ? I be a man guy ? walter I do not know . I be in jail . we do not get tv . MARK chatham you be . you do not know which way Chatham 's go to go . but he respects walter . he extend he hand . walter take it . walter can I just talk to you for two secs .? a moment pass . 114 . MARK chatham not in my room . because you be freaking I out a little . can we maybe sit out here . indian style or something ? int . hallway - later Mark and walter sit indian style face each other in the four season fifth floor hallway . Chatham 's hold a negative roll . walter there be one absent from the roll . but I have it . walter hand the small envelope over . MARK chatham that 's the one Sean O'Connell want for the cover ? the quintessence one ? walter yeah . for the last issue . that 's the complete roll . MARK chatham what be in the briefcase ? out on the street , when you be get crack in the neck by police stick . walter ( meaning the roll ) that . MARK chatham well , thanks . walter that last one 's pretty late . nine day late . there be a unforeseen set of unbelievable shit that happen . MARK chatham why do people think that you be a black woman ? walter I sit way in the back . maybe that 's - 115 . MARK chatham what do tear gas really feel like ? walter it 's a pretty intense burn . it 's like have cajun eye . spicy eye . MARK chatham I see you on tv fight a mailbox . a long time pass . walter be that a question ? MARK chatham not like in the form that I just say it . but ... walter still do not say anything about he participation in a riot . so Mark rephrase it . MARK chatham ( cont 'd ) why be you fight a mailbox ? walter I guess I be revve up . MARK chatham from what ? walter from fight with a piano for a month and try to get someone at my company to evaluate my position there base on understanding what I actually do . MARK chatham you fight pianos , too ? walter not in the way that I fight the mailbox , but just in the way that I have be struggle with one . MARK chatham ( recount walter have tell he this moment ago ) you ride in a car on a boat ? 116 . walter yes . MARK chatham you sleep on a copier in a business center ? walter yes . MARK chatham you be a interesting guy . walter ( pleased to hear this ) someone else tell I that . a hour ago . hey , I do not want to take up too much more of you time . but I would like my severance . there 's no cause to keep it from I . that 's what I be try to tell you downtown . I do my job well for nine year . MARK chatham that 's all you be try to say downtown ? walter yeah . some moment go by next , while Mark and walter sit indian style with the Sean O'Connell photo of walter sit between they . MARK chatham I be go to run some number . Mark have stand up and start in to he hotel room . walter 's be follow he . MARK chatham ( cont 'd ) ( meaning do not follow I in ) not right now . I do not even know where the number be . there in some guy 's computer . show up Monday , let 's see . the door close , walter 's leave out there to wait . 117 . ext . subway station , brooklyn - night walter have return to Brooklyn ; he 's head up a set of Subway stair up to a neighborhood street . int . time - life build , NYC - day walter cross the huge lobby , dress as always for work . int . elevator - moment later walter have enter the elevator . he 's alone . it will not work without he floor elevator key ( which stop work once he be let go ) . walter wait a moment . then he try he key . the button illuminate . walter start to ascend . int . walter' division floor , corridor - later walter have reach the floor elevator corridor door to he division floor office . he 's just try he pass key . that function as well . int . accounting office - later walter wait in a line at a accounting office window counter ( like a dmv ) behind recently let - go colleague Tim naughton and Gary mannheim . Tim speak to the accounting clerk . tim naughton Tim naughton ? severance package ? she hand Tim he check . he 's sad , but he take it and head off . gary mannheim Gary mannheim . same . after a moment , Gary get he severance . he 's also blue about it . then walter step up . walter walter mitty ? be there a ... possibly there 's a severance package for I ? she start type into she keyboard . walter ( cont 'd ) I be fire for cause , but then I think I maybe give they cause to provide I with a severance package . 118. accounting clerk it 's not really a package . it 's just one check . for forty two hundred dollar . that 's what everybody 's get . walter okay . possibly there 's that ? for I ? she 's type additional stuff . then she root around in a check stash . then she hand walter a envelope . he take it . he look at it for a while . for the first time in a long while , he seem relieved . ext . central park , NYC - later walter 's just walk through the park . he look at peace . there be many other around , all come and go at a normal pace , but the earth around they transform from winter to summer smoothly over the course of thirty second as they naturally inhabit the park in they regular way . so when walter sit at a bench . it 's all midsummer around he . he 's smile from relief . CUT to : a floating piano this be a grand piano mid-air in Manhattan . ext . battery park - later there 's a winch machine , a huge rig , lift this piano to the 7th floor of the residential building walter secure for he mom . walter and odessa stand in battery Park , look up at the piano . the mover be set it into the remove window space . it look like it 's go to fit . int . villa , room , retirement - later the piano have fit easily here . odessa and edna be straighten up , put the last few thing away . the room 's in good shape . it 's really pretty nice . edna seem at home . odessa ( to walter ) hey , babe , come on . we will go grab lunch . odessa and edna head out the door . 119 . walter I will be right out . they go . the room be quiet . walter look around again . make it happen take considerable effort no one but walter will know about . after a moment , he go and sit at the piano . some time pass . then walter play the beginning of cheer . then he get up and follow he sister and mom out . ext . 5 th avenue - later walter 's walk with odessa and edna . they have come past a newsstand with magazine display . walter be go to walk right on by like edna and odessa do . but he 's notice something on the magazine rack that 's stop he . he stand there for a while look at it . it 's the last issue of life Magazine . its cover be a black and white photograph of walter site on a cement bench out front of the time - life building . he 's get he lunch in a brown bag beside he ; he 's look over photo print with he loupe , work carefully on some day in the past to fulfill the wish of life 's photographer - a person who 's work the world never know take place . it 's really good . you can see the word life on the building sign above the bench . so the last photograph , on the last cover of life , elegantly honors the people who quietly work there and care for it . walter stand in front of the newsstand look at it . it 's the first time he 's see it . it 's a message that to Sean , at least , and possibly to other he work be meaningful . ext . battery park , NYC - day on another day , walter 's sit in battery Park across the little street where he mom life . he 's with Cheryl . her son Rich skateboard around the park . cheryl how would the move go ? walter all do . cheryl everybody 's good ? walter everybody 's good . time pass . 120 . walter ( cont 'd ) how 's life ? cheryl the company or the ... thing . walter both . cheryl the company 's okay . the thing 's tough . walter yeah . cheryl be you glad you be not there anymore ? walter I be excited . about the new stuff . cheryl what 's the new stuff ? walter I do not know yet . would you have lunch with I ? somewhere not in the cafeteria . for once . out somewhere ? in the world . I be wonder that . she smile at walter . cheryl yeah ... she start look in she scheduler . cheryl ( cont 'd ) the ninth ? be that good ? two day ? walter the ninth . yeah . cheryl yeah , cool . walter seem pleased . Rich skate by and do a move . Cheryl and walter sit there a while . they can hear piano music . cheryl ( cont 'd ) be that you mom ? 121. walter yeah . cheryl she 's good . walter yeah . some time go by . walter look tired , wear out from he extend journey and he large effort to keep the lid on the critical matter of he life . but he also look relieved and satisfied . piano music continue . the title appear again : the secret life of walter mitty . then credit begin .