the sweet hereafter by atom egoyan base on the novel by Russell bank final revise draft copyright c1997 ego Film Arts all rights reserved fade in int . summer cottage -- day a young family together in bed . it be a bright summer morning . Father , mother , and a three year old girl be still asleep . they be naked . a light breeze drift into the room . the scene be serene and softly suspend . head credit appear over this idyllic image . the little girl turn in she sleep . a dog bark outside . CUT to int . / ext . car wash . -- night from the peaceful tableau of the sleep family , the scene shift to a vehicle enter a car wash . the image be shot through the windshield , from the driver 's point of view . the car enter the lather world of spin feel wheel and gush water . CUT to int . car wash . -- night Inside the car mitchell stephen , a man in he mid-fifty , listen to a stir piece of music . the sound of the car wash be filter out by the strain of music . CUT to ext . phone booth -- night the phone booth be locate in a rundown area of a large city . a young woman , zoe , enter the booth and lift the receiver . CUT to int . car wash . -- night mitchell stephen be go through the wash . the automatic mop and buffer embrace he car with water and sud . the cellular phone in the car ring . mitchell pick it up . mitchell yes ? yes , I will accept the charge . CUT to int . phone booth -- night zoe be on the phone . there 's a figure outside the booth wait for she . zoe daddy , it 's I ... how be you do ? that 's great ... where be you ? what 's that sound ? CUT to int . car wash . -- night mitchell in he car , play with the volume on he radio . mitchell I be in a car wash . CUT to int . phone booth -- night zoe a car wash ! wow , I have never talk to you when you have be in a car wash . make sure you have get the window close . CUT to int . car wash . -- night zoe ( over the phone ) remember that time we be have the car wash and I start play with the automatic window ? how old be I , daddy ? five or six ? I get absolutely soak , remember ? mitchell why be you call I , Zoe ? CUT to int . phone booth -- night zoe why be I call you ? you be my father . I be not suppose to call you ? what 's the matter with want to talk to you , daddy ? CUT to int . car wash . -- night mitchell nothing 's wrong with try to talk to I , Zoe . zoe ( over the phone ) so what 's the problem ? mitchell the problem be I have no idea who I be talk to right now . zoe ( over the phone ) ' Cause you think I be stone , daddy ? ' Cause you think I have get a needle stick in my arm ? be that what you be think , daddy ? pause . mitchell do not respond . CUT to int . phone booth -- night zoe be you wonder if I score , daddy , and I be call you for money ? that I be begging ? God , I do not fuck believe it ! CUT to int . car wash . -- night mitchell be emotionally stunne by zoe be voice . she be hear over the phone . zoe ( over the phone ) daddy ! be you listen to I , daddy ?! the music that mitchell have be listen to become louder as he stare at the spin feel wheel of the car wash . zoe ( cont 'd ) daddy !!! mitchell yes . zoe why can not you talk to I ? mitchell I ... I just need to know what state you be in so I know ... how to talk to you ... how to act ... mitchell be in pain . he close he eye . CUT to int . phone booth -- night the phone booth be desert . zoe be nowhere to be see . over this image , the sound of a band play a blue number . CUT to ext . fairground -- day the blue number continue as the camera crane down to the bandstand of a country fair . a local band be rehearse . around the practise band , various carpenter and technician be make final preparation for that evening 's big event . one of the people watch the band be SAM burnell , a man in he early forty . he watch he daughter , nicole , as she sing into the microphone . nicole be sixteen . nicole stare at she father as she sing . angle on SAM look back at he daughter . he be intensely proud of she . SAM be a carpenter , work on at the fair site . he get back to he work , hammer a support beam into the grandstand . CUT to int . airport . washroom -- afternoon close up of a three year old girl , stare up into the lens . her face be full of sweetness and trust . angle on mitchell stephen in a crowded airport washroom , watch a young father , peter , try to change the diaper on he three year old daughter . mitchell stare at the little girl , he face register a wistful smile . peter be have a hard time try to find the towel from the toddler 's bag and keep a eye on she at the same time . mitchell need a hand ? peter sure , it you could find a towel in this bag . I know my wife pack one in there ... mitchell come forward and search through the toddler 's bag . mitchell you always think you be prepare for this thing . peter tell I about it . mitchell how old be she ? peter almost three . mitchell ( find a towel ) be this it ? peter perfect . mitchell here we go . peter thanks . peter lay the towel across the counter , and dry the little girl . mitchell watch as peter put a new diaper on she . the toddler stare up at mitchell , she eye be playful . mitchell stare at the girl 's face . CUT to int . car wash . -- night time CUT back to mitchell honk the horn of he car , try to get someone 's attention . no response . mitchell pick up he cell phone , and dial the operator . mitchell yes , operator , I be in a strange situation . I be call from my car , and I appear to be stick in a car wash ... a car wash , yes ... be there anyway you could ... hello ?... hello ?... the line have die . mitchell search for a umbrella , find one , and try to get out of the car without get soak . angle on mitchell as he leave the car , try to protect himself from the onslaught of water with he umbrella . he be immediately soak by a large mop . the camera watch mitchell as he make he way towards light at the end of the wash . CUT to int . car wash . -- night mitchell walk into the office of the car wash . no one be there . there be a ominous buzz come from another room . mitchell move towards the garage of the car wash / auto repair establishment . he move into a larger room , full of discard auto part . the buzzing noise be come from a electric guitar , which have be leave on , and be on the verge of screeching feedback . someone be just here . they be nowhere to be see . mitchell hello ? no response . mitchell pick up the guitar , which begin to produce a terrifying electronic feedback . CUT to ext . fairground -- day SAM and nicole wander through the fairground . various ride and concession stand be be set up . SAM have he arm around nicole . SAM that be great . nicole really ? SAM you be go to blow everyone away . nicole you mean it ? SAM of course . nicole you do not sound like one hundred percent absolutely sure . SAM I be . really . it be awesome . nicole assess SAM . sense he sincerity , she throw she arm around he in a gesture of unabash excitement . nicole I be so happy , daddy . CUT to ext . bide -a-wile motel -- dusk mitchell stephen be car pull into the parking lot of this run-down roadside motel . in the fade light , a magnificent mountain range be see in the background . CUT to int . bide -a-wile motel -- evening mitchell enter the reception area , and ring a bell on the desk . after a few moment risa WALKER appear . she be a exhaust look woman in she mid-thirty , once attractive but very run-down . risa stare at mitchell be soak clothes . mitchell hello . risa be it raining outside ? mitchell no , I ...had a accident . pause . risa stare at mitchell , she expression somewhere else . mitchell ( cont 'd ) do you have a room ? risa will you be spend more than a night ? mitchell hard to say . I might have ... some business here . a voice be hear from the darkness beyond the desk . wendell be you a reporter ? mitchell no . wendell WALKER , risa be husband , appear from the darkness . wendell you here about the accident ? mitchell stare at wendell be haunt eye , then look back at risa . he immediately know they story . mitchell yes . I be a lawyer . I realize this be a awful time , but it 's important that we talk . CUT to ext . fairground -- day a group of man be set up the ferris wheel for the country fair . SAM and nicole walk into the shot , eat ice cream cone . SAM wave at someone he recognize in the distance . SAM let 's sit down . nicole nod , she mind elsewhere . CUT to ext . fairground -- day SAM and nicole be sit at a outside table , finish they cone . a school bus pull up into the fairground . nicole watch as young child spill out of the bus and gather outside . nicole smile at this scene . SAM notice , turn around to see the child , then turn back to nicole . SAM what 's so funny ? nicole just the way dolore get so excited about bring the kid to check out the animal . it 's like the biggest thing in she life . angle on dolore driscoll , a warm and cheery woman in she forty , lead the young child into the large exhibition barn on the fair site . dolore alright , kid . I want you all to listen to I . rule number one no one be allow to stick they finger into the cage . I do not care how cute some of this animal may be , the fact be they do not like be here , no matter how many ribbon some of they have win ... CUT to int . bide -a-wile motel -- evening mitchell stephen be have a meeting with wendell and risa WALKER in they livingroom behind the reception area . mitchell have a pad of paper and be take note . wendell Kyle lambston 's a drunk . nobody like he . he 's a nasty piece of work . mitchell in what way ? wendell be drink since high school . fucked himself up . use to be smart enough . mitchell any criminal record ? wendell probably half a dozen traffic conviction . drunk drive . lose he licence . that 's why he do not work no more . wendell can not get off that shitty dump they live on . what little money come in go to booze . mitchell how do the family survive ? wendell do not know . food bank , welfare , church charity . they scrape by . mitchell look at risa , who have remain silent . mitchell what about doreen ? risa she ... she be a friend of mine . mitchell when ? risa at school . she fall for Kyle just before we graduate . get pregnant , and ... go to live in a trailer up on a woodlot Kyle 's dad use to own . Kyle start spend more and more time at the spread Eagle ... mitchell that 's the local bar ? risa ( nodd ) ... come home drunk and I guess feel trap by he life and blame she for that ... and ... risa hesitates . wendell take it out on she . mitchell stop take note , and look at the walker . mitchell he beat she ? risa nod . mitchell cross the lambston off of he list . he look up at risa and wendell . mitchell ( cont 'd ) you see , to do this right , to actually have a chance at win - of get some money to compensate you for the loss of you boy - we need folk like you . sensitive , loving parent . people with no criminal background or history of trouble in town . do you understand ? the walker nod . mitchell ( cont 'd ) now , of all this parent you have tell I about whose kid be kill , who would you consider to be good upstand neighbor ? risa stare hard at mitchell . risa what do you mean ? mitchell people who will help we cause . pause . risa well , there 's the hamilton . Joe and shelly Hamilton . wendell ( caustically ) yeah , right . beat . mitchell look at wendell , wait for a explanation . wendell ( cont 'd ) I mean , everyone know joey steal antique from summer cottage . resell they to dealer in the city . he 's be do that for year . mitchell regards wendell with a slight smile of admiration . mitchell that 's great , wendell . that 's the sort of thing I need to know . so it do not come back to haunt we case later on . risa there 's the prescot ... wendell that sonofabitch owe thousand to the bank and half the business in town . he 's about to lose he house and car . risa but charlene ... wendell charlene 's over at the spread Eagle every other night . sleep with whatever she can get she hand on . she will go down for a pat on the head and a fistful of peanut . mitchell be take note . wendell ( cont 'd ) do not even think of the bilodeaus or the atwater . they be all inbred . risa the ottos . pause . mitchell wait . no response from wendell . mitchell tell I about the ottos . risa wanda and hartley . they lose bear . he be they adopt son . a beautiful boy . indian . mitchell indian ? risa yes . mitchell that 's good . judge like adopt indian boy . tell I more about the ottos . as risa talk , mitchell take note . risa they be smart . be to college . they move here from the city about a dozen year ago . mitchell what do they do ? risa craft . mitchell craft ? risa wanda do this photographic thing . that 's one of she picture on the wall . wendell yeah , well , they probably smoke weed . risa you do not know that . mitchell have they ever be bust ? risa no . wendell you do not know be what you mean . mitchell regards the tension between risa and wendell as he continue to make note . mitchell be cell phone ring . he answer it . mitchell yes , I will accept the charge . mitchell stand up . mitchell ( cont 'd ) do you mind if I step outside for a moment ? it 's a private call . the walker nod as mitchell move outside . CUT to ext . bide -a-wile motel -- dusk mitchell speak into he cellular phone . mitchell Zoe ... Zoe , where be you ? CUT to int . airplane . first CLASS cabin -- day a newscaster be give a report on the television screen of a first class airplane cabin . the image be silent . this scene take place two year after the accident . mitchell stephen be play with he headset , which do not seem to be work . he summon a stewardess over . mitchell I be not get any sound . the stewardess check the headset and confirm the problem . stewardess I will find you another pair . the stewardess leave . a young woman seat beside mitchell hand he she headset . alison you can have mine . mitchell take alison be headset . they eye lock for a moment . alison ( cont 'd ) yes , we do know each other . I be alison Jones . mitchell alison Jones . alison I be a friend of Zoe 's . we go to school together . I use to come to you house . mitchell ( pretend to remember ) yes . alison ally . that be my nickname . mitchell ally . that 's right . alison how be you ? mitchell I be just fine , ally . what about you ? alison I be fine . still work with my father . mitchell and what do he do again ? alison he use to work with you . until you find out he be have a affair with you wife . pause . mitchell finally remember alison jone . mitchell ally Jones . alison how be Mrs. stephen ? mitchell we be ... not together . alison I would hear that . but she 's well ? mitchell yes ... fine . alison and Zoe ? how 's Zoe ? pause . the stewardess come back with a new headset . she notice the set that alison have give he . stewardess oh , you have beat I to it . the stewardess hand the headset to alison . stewardess ( cont 'd ) here . the camera have remain fix on mitchell be face . CUT to ext . roadside -- morning wanda and hartley otto be wait for the school bus with they adopt son bear . the bus arrive , and the door open to reveal dolore driscoll , who be drive . dolore good morning , wanda . hi , hartley . wanda hi , dolore . dolore watch as wanda and hartley otto affectionately say goodbye to they boy . wanda give bear a photograph , which have strong psychedelic influence . bear show it proudly to dolore . wanda ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? dolore well , it 's certainly what you would call interesting . wanda ( laugh ) you hate it . dolore I do not say that . wanda I could wrap it up . protect the other kid . dolore I will just strap it on the roof . wanda it 's for the school bazaar . dolore oh , it 's bizarre alright . c'mon bear . let 's get you out of here . wanda away from you crazy Mom . dolore ( voice over ) the ottos always wait for the bus with bear . they be the only parent who do that , together like that . I guess they be what you might call hippie . mitchell ( voice over ) what do you mean by that , Mrs. driscoll ? CUT to int . dolores' house -- day dolore and mitchell be in the modest livingroom of dolore be house . the conversation continue from the previous voice over . in the corner of the room sit abbott , dolore be husband . abbott have suffer a massive stroke , and seem to be completely paralyze . his presence , however , be intense and powerful . mitchell frequently look over to abbott during he conversation with dolore . abbott be always watch he like a hawk , make mitchell uneasy . dolore dolore . no one call I ' Mrs. driscoll ' . mitchell what do you mean by that , dolore ? dolore about the ottos ? mitchell yes . what do you mean by ' hippie ' ? dolore I mean , the way they look . they hair and clothing ... mitchell do they have any reputation for drug ? dolore no , nothing like that . the ottos be what I would call model citizen . they be regular at town meeting . they give they opinion in a respectful way . they always help out at various fund - raise bazaar in town , though they be not church goer . mitchell and they love bear . dolore oh yes . like I say , they always come out together to see he off to school . it 's like he be they little treasure . he be such a beautiful boy . that 's a picture of he on the wall there , behind abbott . mitchell turn around to find the picture of bear . it be right behind abbott be head , so mitchell have to divide he attention between the cute photograph of bear clutching a prize rabbit at last year 's county fair , and abbott be glaring eye . angle on the photograph of various child with they pet . some have ribbon . dolore ( cont 'd ) ( voice over ) that be all from the fair last year . abbott and I be judge at the pet show . mitchell for rabbit ? dolore ( nodd ) abbott use to breed they ' till he have the stroke . bear win first prize . just look at the smile on he face . dolore he be one of that child that bring out the best in people . he would have be a wonderful man . angle on mitchell as he stare at the photo of bear . CUT to ext . school bus -- morning the camera be outside the bus , look at bear as he finish wave to he parent . angle on bear p.o.v. of wanda and hartley disappear as the bus pull away . CUT to int . school bus -- morning the camera move inside the crowded bus , peer at the child ' activity as they play with each other in the bus . angle on jessica and mason ansel be seat at the back of the bus , look out the rear window , wave at someone . CUT to ext . school bus -- morning jessica and mason be see wave at ... billy ansel , drive behind they in he pick up truck . he wave back at he child . dolore ( voice over ) billy Ansel start honk at we up around Upper hat Creek . he always start to do that when he catch up to the bus . he would wave at he kid , jessica and mason , who always sit at the back . normally , he follow we the whole distance over the ridge towards the school . CUT to int . dolores' house -- day the conversation between mitchell and dolore continue from the previous scene . mitchell so billy be drive behind the bus at the time of the accident ? dolore nod . her expression be distant . dolore billy love to see he kid in the bus . they always sit in the back , so they could wave to each other . it comfort he . mitchell from what ? dolore ( confuse ) from what ? mitchell do he have any particular problem that you know of ? Financial pressure ...run - in with the law ... dolore no , nothing like that . billy 's wife , lydia , die of cancer a few year ago . he take over raise the child by himself . it be obvious how much he miss lydia . mitchell you talk about it ? dolore no. ( beat ) I see it on he face . pause . dolore stare at mitchell . CUT to ext . billy pick - up -- morning through the windshield , the camera fix on billy face as he stare at he child . angle on Inside the cab of he pick up , billy dial a number on he cell phone . he continue to wave at he child as he speak into the phone . billy ( into the phone ) hi ... can you talk ? I be on my way to work ... I be wave at they now ... what 's that noise ? CUT to ext . bide -a-wile motel -- morning risa be on a cordless phone . she have just finish clean a room . wendell be hammer in the background . risa wendell 's work on the roof . he think he 's fix a leak . as far as I be concerned he 's just punch in a few new hole . CUT to int . billy pick - up -- morning billy smile as he continue the conversation . billy Nicole 's come over to look after the kid tonight . she will be there around six . risa billy , that 's too early . billy she say she 's get to be home by nine . risa can not you make it later ? billy look , I will be wait in the room . you get over as soon as you can . okay ? risa I guess . CUT to ext . road . -- morning helicopter aerial shot the bus and the pick - up be travel through a beautiful mountain pass . CUT to int . airplane . first CLASS cabin -- day mitchell continue he conversation with alison as they eat dinner . alison I be glad to hear that Zoe 's okay . mitchell be you still in touch ? alison not really . the last time I see she be at that clinic . that be a long time ago . mitchell which one ? alison which one ? mitchell which clinic ? alison I do not remember the name . it be near a beach . mitchell sunnyridge . that be a long time ago . beat . alison proceed cautiously . alison so there be other ? mitchell ( as he eat ) other clinic ? oh sure . clinics , half - way house , treatment center , detox unit ... alison then ... when do she get better ? mitchell she do not . alison but you say ... mitchell that 's where I be go . to see she . alison she 's in trouble ? mitchell yes. ( beat ) do you find there 's something strange about this meat ? alison stare at she plate . mitchell summon the stewardess . stewardess some more wine ? mitchell I be afraid this meat be overdo . stewardess I be sorry about that , Mr. stephen . would you like to try the fish ? mitchell what be it ? stewardess poached salmon . mitchell consider this . he be polite , but slightly edgy . mitchell do you have a cold plate ? stewardess we do . mitchell be there shrimp on it ? stewardess yes . mitchell if you could pick the shrimp off , as well as anything that touch the shrimp ... stewardess ( smile ) I be not sure if that will leave much on the plate . mitchell well , let 's see what we get . the stewardess leave with mitchell be food . mitchell get up . mitchell ( cont 'd ) ( to alison ) if you could excuse I for a moment . alison nod . mitchell leave . alison pick at she meat undecidedly . CUT to int . airplane . first CLASS cabin -- day in the mirror of the tiny washroom of the plane , mitchell wash some water on he face . he stare at he reflection in the mirror . CUT to ext . the ottos house . -- day mitchell approach the house of hartley and wanda otto . he get out of he car and knock on the door . wanda otto answer . she have be cry . the two stare at each other . mitchell Mrs. otto , my name be Mitchell stephen . the walker tell I you might be willing to talk to I . pause . mitchell ( cont 'd ) I be sorry for come over unannounced like this , Mrs. otto , but the walker say you would understand . I know it 's a awful time , but it 's important that we talk . wanda who be you ? mitchell I be a lawyer . wanda you can not come here . mitchell please , let I explain . I will only take a moment of you time . wanda no . mitchell please . wanda pause , stare at mitchell , then let he in . CUT to int . the ottos house . -- day mitchell walk into the otto residence . it be a large two - storey space divide into several smaller chamber with sheet of brightly color cloth - tie -dy and indian madra - that hang from wire . on a low brick platform in the centre of the main chamber be a large wood - burn stove . a few foot from the stove , sit on a overstuff cushion , be hartley otto . hartley be listen to music on he headphone . he be very stone . wanda move over , and pull the headphone off she husband 's head . wanda we have a guest . what do you say you name be ? mitchell Mitchell stephen . mitchell hand they a card . hartley read it with deliberation . wanda the walker send he by . hartley rise up . he stare at mitchell . a tense pause . hartley you want a cup of tea or something ? mitchell a cup of tea would be nice . ( beat ) would it be alright if I sit down for a few minute , Mrs. otto ? I want to talk to you . wanda stare at mitchell . no response . mitchell wait a beat , then seat himself rather uncomfortably on a large pillow . he be unsure whether to cross he leg , or fold they under he chin . mitchell ( cont 'd ) the walker speak very highly of you . wanda you have be retain ? mitchell yes . wanda they child die , and they get a lawyer . pause . mitchell assess wanda be energy . mitchell it should be say that my task be to represent the walker only in they anger . not they grief . wanda who do they get for that ? mitchell you be angry , be not you , Mrs. otto ? that 's why I be here . to give you anger a voice . to be you weapon against whoever cause that bus to go off the road . wanda dolore ? mitchell it 's my belief that dolore be do exactly what she would be do for year . besides , the school board 's insurance on dolore be minimal . a few million at the very most . the really deep pocket be to be find in the town , or in the company that make the bus . wanda you think someone else cause the accident ? mitchell Mrs. otto , there be no such thing as a accident . the word do not mean anything to I . as far as I be concerned , somebody somewhere make a decision to cut a corner . some corrupt agency or corporation account the cost variance between a ten-cent bolt and a million dollar out - of - court settlement . they decide to sacrifice a few life for the difference . that 's what 's do , Mrs. otto . I have see it happen so many time before . hartley return with the tea . hartley but dolore say she see a dog and try to ... mitchell how long have dolore be drive that bus , Mr. otto ? how many time have she steer clear of danger ? what go wrong that morning ? mitchell take the cup of tea . mitchell ( cont 'd ) someone calculate ahead of time what it would cost to sacrifice safety . it 's the darkest , most cynical thing to imagine , but it 's absolutely true . and now , it 's up to I to make they build that bus with a extra bolt , or add a extra yard of guard rail . it 's the only way we can ensure moral responsibility in this society . by what I do . pause . wanda so you be just the thing we need . mitchell Excuse I ? wanda be not that what you want we to believe ? that we be completely defenseless ? that you know what 's best ? mitchell listen to I , Mrs otto . listen very carefully . I do know what 's best . as we be sit here the town or the school board or the manufacturer of that bus be lining up a battery of they own lawyer to negotiate with people as grief-strick as yourselves . and this make I very , very mad . it 's why I come all the way up here . if everyone have do they job with integrity you son would be alive this morning and safely in school . I promise you that I will pursue and reveal who it be that do not do they job . mitchell who be responsible for this tragedy . then , in you name and the walker ' name and the name of whoever decide to join we , I shall sue . I shall sue for negligence until they bleed . pause . wanda I want that person to go to jail . for the rest of he life . I want he to die there . I do not want he money . mitchell nod sympathetically . mitchell it 's unlikely that anyone will go to prison , Mrs. otto . but he or he company will pay in other way . and we must make they pay . not for the money or to compensate you for the loss of you son . that can not be do . but to protect other innocent child . you see , I be not just here to speak for you anger , but for the future as well . ( beat ) what we be talk about be a ongoing relationship to time . pause . hartley look at mitchell be teacup . hartley I do not ask if you want milk . mitchell no . a little sugar though . hartley we have only get honey . mitchell I will ... take it straight . mitchell maintain he eye contact with wanda . wanda be you expensive ? mitchell no . mitchell if you agree to have I represent you in this suit , I will require no payment until after the case be win , when I will require one third of the award amount . if there be no award make , then my service will cost you nothing . it 's a standard agreement . wanda do you have this agreement with you ? mitchell it 's in my car . mitchell get up . mitchell ( cont 'd ) I will just be a minute . anyhow , you should discuss this all without I before you make any decision . mitchell move to the door . CUT to ext . the ottos house . -- day mitchell leave the house and move to he car . he get inside and close the door . once inside , mitchell open he briefcase and take out a agreement for the ottos . something inside the briefcase catch he attention . angle on a photograph of zoe . mitchell stare at this photograph . mitchell ( voice over ) I have do everything the loving father of a drug addict be suppose to do ... CUT to int . airplane . first CLASS cabin -- evening mitchell and alison have finish dinner . mitchell be drink a triple scotch . mitchell ( continue from voice over ) ... I have send she to the best hospital , she 's see all the best doctor . it do not matter . two week later she 's on the street . New York , Vancouver , Pittsburgh , Toronto , l.a . the next time I hear from she , it 's a phone call scamm for money . money for school , or money for a new kind of therapist , or money for a plane ticket home . ' oh daddy , just let I come home ... please , daddy , I have to see you ... ' but she never come home . I be always at the airport , but she 's never there . ten year of this , ten year of this lie , of imagine what happen if I do not send the money , of kick down door and drag she out of rat-infested apartment , of explain why that could not be my daughter in a porn flick someone see ... well , enough rage and helplessness , and you love turn to something else . alison ( soft ) what ... do it turn to ? mitchell it turn to steaming piss . pause . alison be shocked by mitchell be intensity . he collect himself . mitchell ( cont 'd ) I be ... so sorry . alison that 's okay . CUT to ext . billy house . -- late day billy be chase he kid around the yard of they house . nicole appear , and watch billy play with jessica and mason . billy notice she , and run up breathlessly , billy hi , Nicole . nicole hi , Mr. Ansel . hi , jessica , mason ... billy they just finish supper . nicole ( to the kid ) be it good ? the child shake they head . nicole and billy laugh . billy I will be back around nine . nicole okay . CUT to int . gas station -- dusk billy be play he electric guitar in the same garage that mitchell walk into at the beginning of the film . this be the gas station / repair shop / car wash that billy run . billy check he watch , and take he guitar off . he leave the garage . CUT to ext . bide -a-wile motel -- dusk billy be walk along a path behind the hotel , make sure that he be not see . he sneak into room 11 . CUT to int . bide -a-wile motel -- evening billy be sit in a chair in room 11 , smoking a cigarette . the room be dark . after a while , risa enter through the door and slip inside . risa have you be wait long ? billy a while . risa billy , do you have to smoke ? wendell can smell if someone 's be smoking . billy get up to put out he cigarette in the toilet . he notice some work tool in the washroom . billy what 's all this ? risa wendell put some fresh enamel on that break in the tub . billy do this mean I can not take a shower ? risa no . it should be dry by now . billy nod . he turn around , look at risa , and begin to unbutton she shirt . risa stop he , smile , and kiss billy . after a moment , she pull away , unbuckle she belt , and slip off she jeans . she move to the bed . billy what time 's he come home ? risa when the game 's over , I guess . billy move to the radio and turn it on , tuning into a hockey game . risa laugh . he lower the volume . risa take off she shirt , and move behind billy , kissing he neck . billy close he eye . CUT to int . billy house . -- evening jessica and mason , billy child , be be read to sleep by nicole . she read from Robert brown 's the pied piper of hamelin . nicole the pied piper of hamelin . by famous hanover city ; the river weser , deep and wide , wash its wall on the southern side ; a pleasanter spot you never spy ; but , when begin my ditty ... mason what 's a ditty again ? nicole it 's like a song . mason oh . nicole when begin my ditty , almost five hundred year ago , to see the townsfolk suffer so from vermin , be a pity ... mason what 's vermin again ? nicole rat ! they fight the dog and kill the cat , and bit the baby in the cradle , and eat the cheese out of vat . and lick the soup from the cook 's own ladle , Split open the keg of salted sprat , make nest inside man 's Sunday hat , and even spoiled the woman 's chat , by drown they speak with shriek and squeaking in fifty different sharp and flat ... mason Nicole ? nicole yes . mason can I sit beside you on the bus tomorrow ? nicole do not you usually like to sit at the back ? to wave at you dad ? mason I want to sit beside you tomorrow . nicole okay . nicole cover jessica , and get up to leave . mason Nicole ? nicole what , mason ? mason do the pied piper take the child away because he be mad that the town do not pay he ? nicole that 's right . mason well , if he know magic - if he could get the kid into the mountain - why could not he use he pipe to make the people pay he for get rid of the rat ? nicole because ... he want to they to be punish . mason the people in the town ? nicole yes . mason so he be mean ? nicole no . not mean . just ... very angry . mason oh . nicole should I keep read ? mason okay . nicole smile at mason . jessica be already asleep . CUT to int . bide -a-wile motel -- evening room 11 at the bide-a - wile . risa be naked , sit cross - legge on the bed . billy have just get into the shower . risa stare at billy through the semi-transparent curtain . risa stand up and walk to the window . she look across the parking lot . angle on risa's p.o.v. of the rain-glistened concrete . CUT to int . billy house . -- night nicole be in billy bedroom . she have some women ' clothing laid out on the bed , and be stare at the selection of blouse and summer dress . the camera slowly glide to a picture that billy have beside he bed . angle on the photograph . it show billy and he decease wife , lydia . back to nicole , select various item of lydia be clothing , and place they over she body , see how she look in the mirror . CUT to ext . bide -a-wile motel -- day risa's daydream . a montage of various event , watch from the window in room 11 . risa be see talk to billy on she cordless phone ( scene 34 ) , as well as go through various activity . finally , risa be see put she son , sean , into the schoolbus . as the bus pull away , risa wave goodbye . risa turn around and walk to the camera . she stop in front of the lens and stare into it , she expression calm and serene . CUT to int . bide -a-wile motel -- evening present time . night . risa be sit on the bed , naked , she leg cross . she look to the side , lose in think . billy be behind she , put on he clothes . billy what be you think ? risa tomorrow I be go to put Sean on the bus . he will not want to go . he never do . he will cry and want to hold on to I . billy that 's because he miss you . risa yes . billy it 's natural . risa you kid never cry . billy well , maybe that 's because they know I be go to follow they . behind the bus . risa they can look forward to that . billy sure . risa just like we look forward to this . billy look at risa and smile at she with affection . he move to the door . risa ( cont 'd ) you be leave . billy I better get back . risa nod . risa good night , billy . billy good night . billy leave . risa , still naked , move to the washroom . she stare into the tub , notice that the white enamel that wendell have apply have be wash away from billy be shower . risa pick up a tube of the enamel , and begin to re-apply it . CUT to int . billy house . -- evening nicole show billy the clothes she have choose . billy stare at the selection . nicole be you sure ? billy yeah . nicole it just seem ... kind of weird . billy why ? nicole I do not know . billy Nicole , I be just go to pack all this stuff and give it to the church for charity . do not feel bad . unless you feel strange about wear it . nicole no . I mean , I remember Mrs. Ansel wear some of this stuff , but ... I do not feel funny about that . I really like she . billy and she really like you . she would have give you all this if she would outgrown it , or ... billy trail off , suddenly consume with sadness . nicole what do you mean ' outgrown it '? billy I be not sure . nicole oh. ( beat ) right . nicole turn to leave , take the clothes with she . nicole ( cont 'd ) goodnight , Mr. Ansel . billy goodnight , Nicole . nicole leave the house and walk towards the car where she father be wait . CUT to int . sam' car . -- dusk nicole get into the car beside she father . SAM what take so long ? nicole nothing . SAM stare at the bundle of clothes on nicole 's lap . SAM what 's that ? nicole Mrs. Ansel 's clothing . SAM do it fit ? nicole nod , stare ahead , as SAM start the car and drive away . CUT to ext . burnell home -- night SAM drive up the driveway to the burnell home . he open the door , and take a blanket from the back . nicole get out as well . the two walk towards the barn . nicole ( voice over ) once more he stept into the street , and to he lip again laid he long pipe of smooth straight cane ; and ere he blow three note such sweet soft note as yet musician 's cun never give the enrapture air - there be a rustling , seem like a bustling of merry crowd justling at pitching and hustling , small foot be patter , wooden shoe clatter , Little hand clap and little tongue chatter , and , like fowl in a farm - yard when the barley be scatter , out come the child run . all the little boy and girl , with rosy cheek and flaxen curl , and sparkling eye and tooth like pearl . tripping and skip , run merrily after the wonderful music with shouting and laughter ... Inside the barn , SAM and nicole be engage in a sexual embrace . the camera glide past they as nicole 's voice continue to read from the poem . nicole ( cont 'd ) ( voice over ) when , lo , as they reach the mountain - side , a wondrous portal open wide , as if a cavern be suddenly hollow ; and the piper advanced and the child follow , and when all be in to the very last , the door in the mountain - side shut fast ... CUT to int . bus -- day close - up of nicole in the bus as it make it 's way to school . she seem to be listen to she own voice as it read from the poem . nicole ( voice over ) do I say , all ? no ! one be lame , and could not dance the whole of the way ; and in after year , if you would blame his sadness , he be use to say , - ' it 's dull in the town since my playmate leave ! I can not forget that I be bereft of all the pleasant sight they see , which the piper also promise I . for I lead we , he say , to a joyous land , join the town and just at hand , where water gush and fruit-tree grow , and flower put forth a fairer hue , and everything be strange and new ... on this last line , nicole 's lip begin to move , as she repeat the line out loud to herself . nicole ( cont 'd ) everything be strange and new . CUT to ext . road . -- morning a helicopter shot of the schoolbus make its way through the winter terrain . dolore ' voice be hear over this sweeping panoramic shot . dolore ( voice over ) by the time I reach the bottom of bartlett Hill Road , I have half my load , over twenty kid , aboard . CUT to ext . winter road -- morning the bus come to a stop where a couple of child in bright snow suit be wait by the side of the road . dolore open the door and the kid climb in . omitted dolore ( voice over ) they have walk to they place on the main road from the smaller lane dolore and private roadway that run off it . Bright little cluster of three and four child - like berry wait to be pluck . CUT to int . dolores' house -- day dolore be continue she conversation with mitchell . dolore ( smile to herself ) that 's the way I think of they sometimes . mitchell berries . dolore yes . like I be put they into my big basket . clear the hillside of its child . pause . mitchell stare at dolore , disturb by this image . dolore look back at he . dolore ( cont 'd ) abbott and I use to do a lot of that in the spring . mitchell berry-pick . dolore yes . the old - fashioned way . mitchell and what 's that ? dolore with we hand . mitchell nod , steal a glance abbott , who stare at he intensely . CUT to ext . bide -a-wile motel -- morning the bus pull up across the road from the bide-a- wile Motel . dolore watch as risa walk she little boy , sean , across the road to the bus . dolore ( voice over ) anyhow , my next stop be across from the bide-a -wile , which be own and operate by risa and wendell Walker . risa walk she little boy , Sean , across the road , which be customary . Sean have some kind of learn disability . dolore he be behind all the other kid he age in school and be too fragile and nervous to play sport . CUT to int . dolores' house -- day dolore continue to talk to mitchell , who take note . dolore ( smile ) a strange little fellow , but you could not help like he . he be close to ten but seem more like a frighten five or six . mitchell be he parent ... attentive to he ? dolore what do you mean ? mitchell you mention that he have a learn disability . dolore that 's right . mitchell do he parent attend to that ? dolore what do you mean ? mitchell do they give he special care ? dolore the walker love Sean . he be they only child ... the object of all they attention . I mean , wendell 's a withdraw sort of man . that 's he nature . but risa , she 's still get dream . CUT to ext . bide -a-wile motel -- morning dolore open the door for sean . risa be wear a down parka over she nightgown and bathrobe and be wear slipper . risa Morning , dolore . dolore hi , risa . be not you foot freezing ? risa look down at she slipper . risa I guess they be . sean get to the landing of the bus , then turn around and look at he mother . he extend he hand like a baby want to be hugge . sean I want to stay with you . pause . risa stare at she son with great intensity and feel . risa go on now , Sean . go on . sean turn away and look into the bus full of child . nicole c'mon , Sean . sit next to I . mason be sit beside nicole . nicole whisper something to he , and he make he way for sean . mason go to the back of the bus and sit beside he sister , jessica . sean move tentatively towards nicole . angle on back on dolore and risa . dolore be he okay ? risa I do not know . dolore temperature ? risa no . he 's not sick or anything . it 's just one of that morning , I guess . CUT to int . dolores' house -- day dolore continue she conversation with mitchell stephen . dolore but I never have ' that morning ' myself . not so long as I have the schoolbus to drive . not so long as I have my kid . dolore be lose in this memory , realize she will never drive the child again . a tear run down she cheek . abbott , sense he wife 's mood , activate he electric wheelchair and maneuver himself towards dolore . mitchell watch as dolore grasp abbott be hand . CUT to int . school bus -- morning nicole be seat in the bus next to sean . she be stare at the large speedometer on the front panel . angle on the speedometer read 51 mile a hour . CUT to ext . school bus -- morning jessica and mason , billy be child , wave at they father from the back of the bus . CUT to ext . billy pick - up -- morning billy wave back at he child . his expression suddenly change as he see ... CUT to ext . road . -- morning from billy point of view , the schoolbus smashes through the guardrail and the snowbank . it plummet down the embankment to the frozen- over pond . still upright , the bus slide across the ice to the far side . the ice let go and the rear half of the yellow bus be swallow at once by the freezing water . the sound of the ice break be terrifying . dolore ( voice over ) it emerge from the blow snow on the right side of the road . it might have be a dog or a small deer or maybe even a lose child . it might have be a optical illusion or a mirage . whatever it be , for the rest of my life I will remember that red-brown blur ... a eerie silence as the camera stare at the scene of the accident . CUT to int . summer cottage -- morning the camera be high above the bed , look down on a sleep family . this be the same image as from the beginning of the film . a father , a mother , and a three year old girl , naked in bed . mitchell ( voice over ) every time I get on one of this flight to rescue Zoe , I remember the summer we almost lose she . she be three year old . it happen in the morning , at this cottage we use to rent . we be all sleep together in bed . it be a wonderful time in we life . we still think we have a future together , the three of we . do you ever visit the cottage ? CUT to int . airplane . first CLASS cabin -- night mitchell be tell the story to alison . alison I ... do not think so . mitchell I wake to the sound of Zoe 's breathe . it be labour . I look over and notice she be sweat and all swollen . I grab she , rush to the kitchen , and splash water on she face . alison what happen ? mitchell I do not know . I be in a panic . I guess she would be bitten by a insect , but there be no doctor . the nearest hospital be forty mile away , and Zoe be continue to swell . klara take she in she arm and try to breast - feed she , while I dial the hospital . I finally get a doctor on the line . he sound young , but cool . he be confident , but there be a nervousness . he have be a intern . this be the first time he ever have to deal with anything like this . he want to seem like he know what he be do , but he be just as scared as I be . alison stare at mitchell , take by he need to chronicle and detail this irrelevant stranger . CUT to int . summer cottage -- morning father ( young mitchell ) be on the phone . the camera be behind he head . in front of he , mother ( klara ) be breast - feed the three year old girl ( zoe ) . mitchell ( voice over ) he surmise that there be a nest of baby black widow spider in the mattress . he tell I they have to be baby , or else with Zoe 's body weight she would be dead . he tell I I have to rush she to the hospital . he be alone . there be no ambulance available . ' now you listen ' , he say , ' there 's a good chance you can get she to I before she throat close , but the important thing be to keep she calm . ' he ask if there be one of we she be more relaxed with than the other . I say , ' yes , with I . ' CUT to int . airplane . first CLASS cabin -- night mitchell continue tell the story to alison . mitchell which be true enough , especially at that moment . klara be wild - eye with fear , and she fear be contagious . I be a better actor than she be , that 's all . Zoe love we equally then . just like she hate we both equally now . ( beat ) the doctor tell I that I should hold she in my lap , and let klara drive to the hospital . he ask I to bring a small , sharp knife . it have to be clean . there be no time to sterilize properly . he explain how to perform a emergency tracheotomy . how to cut into my daughter 's throat and windpipe without cause she to bleed to death . he tell I there would be a lot of blood . I say I do not think I could do it . ' if she throat close up and stop she breathe , you will have to , Mr. stephen . you will have a minute and a half , two minute maybe , and she will probably be unconscious when you do it . but if you can keep she calm and relaxed , if you do not let she little heart beat too fast and spread the poison around , then you might just make it over here first . you get go now ' , and he hang up . CUT to int . car -- morning a little girl stare innocently into the lens as a male voice sing a lullaby to she . it be now recognize as mitchell be voice , sing to he daughter as she be drive to the hospital . mitchell ( voice over ) it be a unforgettable drive . I be divide into two people . one part of I be daddy , sing a lullaby to he little girl . mitchell the other part be a surgeon , ready to cut into she throat . I wait for the second that Zoe 's breath stop to make that incision . CUT to int . airplane . first CLASS cabin -- night alison stare at mitchell as he finish he story . alison what happen ? mitchell nothing . we make it to the hospital . I do not have to go as far as I be prepare to . but I be prepare to go all the way . CUT to ext . accident site -- day a open sky . billy ansel be face appear in the frame , look down at the camera . angle on the camera be stare down at billy as he identify the body of he two child . the camera be at a great height . as billy walk away , the camera float down , slowly move on he face . CUT to ext . wood -- day billy 's p.o.v. of he wife , lydia , tug a sled through the snow . jessica and mason be on either side of she . the three figure be see from behind , trudging they way through the winter landscape . this image have a ghostly quality to it . it be film in slow motion . suddenly , a snowball enter the frame and hit lydia on the back of the head . she turn around , laugh into the camera . CUT to int . bide -a-wile motel -- evening extreme-close -up billy in he chair in room 11 of the bide -a - wile . he be alone , smoking a cigarette . a slight faraway smile on he lip . after a moment , the door open . it be risa . they stare at each other . silence . risa I know you would be here . risa sit on the bed . pause . risa ( cont 'd ) be you go to the funeral ? pause . billy I stop by the station a while ago . I stare at the bus . I could almost hear the kid inside . there be a lawyer there . he tell I he would get you sign up . be that true ? risa something make this happen , billy . Mr. stephen be go to find out what it be . billy what be you talk about ? it be a accident . risa Mr. stephen say that someone do not put a right bolt in the bus ... billy risa , I service that bus . at the garage . there 's nothing wrong with it . risa ... or that the guardrail be not strong enough . billy you believe that ? risa I have to . billy why ? risa because I have to . billy well I do not . billy get up to leave . risa be it true that you give Nicole one of lydia 's dress ? that she be wear it when the bus crash ? billy yes . risa why do you do that , billy ? billy you think that cause the accident , risa ? that it bring bad luck ? Christ , it sound to I you be look for a witch doctor , not a lawyer . or maybe they be the same thing . risa be cry . billy open the door . billy ( cont 'd ) you know what I be go to miss ? more than make love ? it 's the night you could not get away from wendell . it 's the night I would sit in that chair for a hour . smoke cigarettes and remember my life before ... billy stare at risa painfully , then leave . CUT to ext . gas station -- night mitchell be videotape the bus with a portable camcorder . the bus be badly damage , though essentially intact . most of the window in the rear have go . there be a ghostly quality to this image , as though the video light be search through the remain of a ancient shipwreck . mitchell turn off the camcorder and stand in the silent night , absorb the disturbing energy of the bus . he hear a truck approach the garage from the distance . it 's billy ansel . mitchell retreat to he park car as billy stop he truck in front of the bus and step out of the truck . billy leave he headlight on , and they cast dark shadow over the inside passenger seat . billy stare at the bus a long time . mitchell approach he . mitchell I be here about you child , Mr. Ansel . billy take a moment , then turn around to face mitchell . the two man stare at each other . mitchell ( cont 'd ) my name be ... billy mister , I do not want to know you name . mitchell I understand . billy no you do not . mitchell I can help you . billy not unless you can raise the dead . mitchell hand billy a card . mitchell here . you may change you mind . billy look at the card . billy Mr. Mitchell stephen , esquire , would you be likely to sue I if I be to beat you right now ? beat you so bad that you piss blood and could not walk for a month . because that 's what I be about to do . mitchell no , Mr. Ansel . I would not sue you . billy leave we alone , stephen . leave the people of this town alone . you can not help . mitchell you can help each other . several people have agree to let I represent they in a negligence suit . you case as a individual will be stronger if I be allow to represent you together as a group . billy case ? mitchell the walker have agree . the ottos. Nicole burnell 's parent . it 's important to initiate proceedings right away . thing get cover up . people lie . that 's why we have to begin we investigation quickly . before the evidence disappear . that 's why I be out here tonight . billy I know risa and wendell Walker . they would not hire a goddamn lawyer . and the ottos would not deal with you . we be not country bumpkin you can put a big city hustle on . you be try to use we . mitchell you be angry , Mr. Ansel . you owe it to yourself to feel that way . all I be say be let I direct you rage . billy stare at mitchell with a cold intensity . the cell phone in mitchell be car begin to ring . mitchell ( cont 'd ) that 's my daughter . or it may be the police to tell I that they have find she dead . she 's a drug addict . billy why be you tell I this ? mitchell I be tell you this because ... we have all lose we child , Mr. Ansel . mitchell they be dead to we . they kill each other in the street . they wander comatose in shopping mall . they be paralyze in front of television . something terrible have happen that 's take we child away . it 's too late . they be go . the phone continue to ring , as billy stare at mitchell . mitchell turn to look at the ringing phone . CUT to int . dolores' house -- day mitchell be get ready to leave . dolore be still grasp onto abbott be hand . dolore I have a question for you , Mr. stephen . mitchell what 's that , dolore ? dolore I tell you that I be do fifty mile a hour when the accident happen . that 's how I remember it . but the truth be , I might have be do sixty . or sixty five . and if that 's true , that I be over the limit when the bus go over , what would happen then ? mitchell that would complicate thing . dolore because I would be to blame , right ? mitchell billy Ansel will insist that you be drive fifty - one mile a hour . just like you have do every morning for the past fifteen year . dolore he know that ? billy ? mitchell yes . he do . dolore billy say that ? mitchell nod . dolore ( cont 'd ) you have talk to billy ? mitchell I do . dolore and billy tell you that he will tell that to ... mitchell Mrs. driscoll , if billy Ansel do not volunteer to say so in court , I will subpoena he and oblige he to testify to that effect . pause . mitchell plan he next step . mitchell ( cont 'd ) but in order to do that , you must let I bring a suit in you name charge negligent infliction of emotional harm . that 's what I be now ask you to consider . pause . dolore be lose . mitchell ( cont 'd ) it 's clear to I and other people that you have suffer significantly from this event . dolore what other people ? mitchell Excuse I ? dolore who 's be talk to you about what I be feel ? who should care about what I be feel ? mitchell stare at dolore . mitchell dolore , people have to know that you have suffer too . mitchell and they will not understand until you let I clear you name - you good name - once and for all . will you let I do that ? will you let I do my duty ? suddenly , abbott say something . he twist he face around he mouth , purse he lip on the leave side and emit a string of break syllable and sound . after this outburst , dolore look at mitchell , a comfort smile on she face . dolore you hear what abbott say ? mitchell yes . dolore anything you do not understand ? mitchell there might have be a word or two that slip by . maybe you could clarify it for I , just to be absolutely sure . dolore abbott say that the true jury of a person 's peer be the people of she town . only they , the people who have know she all she life , and not twelve stranger , can decide she guilt or innocence . and if I have commit a crime , then it 's a crime against they , so they be the one who must decide my punishment . mitchell stare at abbott , who stare back . mitchell that 's what he say , be it ? dolore yes . abbot understand this thing . CUT to ext . dolores' house -- day mitchell leave the driscoll house , watch by dolore . int . hospital -- morning nicole burnell be in bed . a doctor , dr . robeson , be touch she forehead . nicole be family ( SAM , she mother mary , and she little sister jenny ) dr . robeson the mind be kind . the camera fix on nicole's expression as she stare ahead . nicole ( voice over ) they say I be lucky because I can not remember the accident . SAM do not even try to remember . mary you just think about get well , Nicole , that 's all . the camera be always fix on nicole be face when she voice over be hear . nicole ( voice over ) I know I be as well as I ever can be again . so shut up , Mom . to stay like this , to live like a slug , I be go to have to work like someone try to get into the Olympic . SAM just wait till you see what we have get wait for you at home . CUT to int . hospital -- day nicole , in a wheelchair , be be lead down a hallway with she family . nicole ( voice over ) it 's a incredible relief to be leave the hospital . I be so sick of look at my doctor , listen to frankenstein ask I stupid question about what I be feel ... CUT to int . hospital . lobby . -- day nicole be be wheeled to the front door of the hospital . nicole ( voice over , continue ) he think it be cute when I call he frankenstein . it be not . I feel like he monster . mary be not it a lovely day ? nicole what happen to summer ? mary summer 's over . it 's fall . nicole and winter ? mary well , winter 's far behind we now . nicole how be it ? mary we have a terrible winter last year , do not we , Sam ? SAM nod . nicole good thing I be in Florida . mary do not know quite what to make of nicole be joke . SAM flash nicole a smile . she do not return it . CUT to ext . burnell home -- day nicole arrive at home . the car pull up in front of the modest house . SAM open the door and put the wheelchair up next to it . he point out the ramp he have build for nicole . the ramp be paint green . SAM how do you like it , Nicole ? nicole the ramp ? SAM pretty slick , eh ? nicole very slick . SAM do you like the colour ? nicole it 's okay . SAM and I have to widen a few door . you will see . CUT to int . burnell home -- day Inside the house . the interior of the house be dark and somewhat tawdry . the burnell be be almost poor . but SAM then lead nicole into the special room he have build for she . it seem like another world . every detail have be lovingly attend to . no expense have be spare to make this room as attractive and invite as possible . a room that a guilty , abusive father might dream up for he crippled daughter . SAM what do you think ? pause . nicole wheel around , try to control she emotion as she inspect the room . a phone ring in the background . mary go to answer it . nicole fix she gaze at the back of the door . nicole the door need a lock . SAM ( take aback ) sure . I will fix it right away . SAM go to get he tool . jenny stare at nicole . jenny can I come and visit you here ? nicole you better . and you can sleep in my new bed with I too . nicole grab she sister 's hand , and jenny move in close to she . SAM come back with the tool . he start to screw in the hook . nicole ( cont 'd ) that 's too high . I will never reach it . SAM ( nervous ) oh . I better get some spackle . SAM leave again . jenny mommy say you need to lock the boy out . nicole what boy ? jenny I do not know . nicole stare at jenny , as mary come back into the room . mary so do you like you new room ? nicole it 's interesting . mary you dad spend all he spare time in here . he want to make it absolutely perfect . nicole I feel like a princess . SAM come back and begin to work on the door . nicole watch he . she notice a new computer on a desk . nicole ( cont 'd ) be this mine ? mary yes . it 's a present . nicole from you ? mary no. from Mr. stephen . that be he on the phone just now . he be call to see how you be . nicole who 's Mr. stephen ? SAM he 's a lawyer . he 's we lawyer . nicole you and Mom have a lawyer ? SAM well , yes . he 's you lawyer too . nicole my lawyer ? why do I need a lawyer ? mary maybe we should not be talk about this just now , with you barely home . be not you hungry , honey ? want I to fix you something ? nicole no . what 's this lawyer business ? mary turn to jenny . mary Jenny , why do not you go and play outside ? jenny look at nicole . jenny he 's give I some stuff too . toy , and some book ... mary Jenny . jenny turn to leave . when she 's outside , mary continue . mary ( cont 'd ) he 's a very kind man . and he know that you would need a computer for do schoolwork . CUT to ext . burnell home . porch -- day nicole wheel she chair to the exterior porch , where she watch she sister climb a tree . SAM follow she outside . SAM it 's because of the accident , Nicole . most people in this town whose kid be on the bus have get lawyer . a lot of people ... well , people in this town be very angry . we include . nicole but you do not lose I . mary no , honey . and we will thank the Lord for that every day and night for the rest of we life . but you almost die , and you be badly injure , and you will not be ... you can not ... nicole I can not walk anymore . angle on nicole's p.o.v. of jenny play on a tree branch . SAM you be go to need special care for a long time to come . it 's not go to be easy . not for you , not for any of we . because we love you so much . and it 's go to cost money . more than we can imagine . nicole what about insurance ? do not insurance pay for this thing ? SAM partly . but there 's a lot the insurance do not cover . that 's one of the reason we have a lawyer . to make sure the insurance get pay and to help we look after the rest . nicole how will he do that ? SAM well , Mr. stephen be represent several family . the ottos , the walker , we , and I think a couple more . Mr. stephen be suing the town for negligence . he 's sure that the accident could have be avoid if they have do they job right . he 's a very smart man . nicole stare at she sister who 's at the top of the tree . jenny turn to look back at nicole . there 's a tension , as it seem as though jenny be go to let herself fall . nicole ( voice over ) that 's the first thing I hear about you . that you be a smart man . that you be so smart that you be go to sue the town , then make we all feel better ... CUT to ext . gas station -- night flashback to the scene outside the gas station between mitchell and billy . the cell phone in mitchell be car have begin to ring . the two man stare at each other . nicole ( voice over ) you be good at that . good at get people to believe you could do something for they . something they could never do for themselves . mitchell break the silence . mitchell that 's my daughter . or it may be the police to tell I that they have find she dead . she 's a drug addict . billy why be you tell I this ? mitchell I be tell you this because we have all lose we child , Mr. Ansel ... CUT to int . airplane . first CLASS cabin -- night mitchell stare at the sleep figure of alison . mitchell ( voice over ) they be dead to we . CUT to ext . gas station -- night back to the scene between billy and mitchell . the cellular phone be ringing . mitchell break the stare with billy and move to he car . the camera follow he , as billy move back to he truck in the background . mitchell get in he car and pick up the phone . mitchell yes , I will accept the charge . zoe daddy ? CUT to ext . phone booth -- afternoon mitchell yes . zoe I be call because I have get some news for you , daddy . some big news . mitchell News ? zoe do not you want to hear ? mitchell yes . give I you news , Zoe . zoe you always think you know what I be go to say , do not you ? you always think you be two step ahead of I . the lawyer . mitchell tell I you news , Zoe . zoe okay . I go to sell blood yesterday . that 's how it be . I be in this fuck city where my father be a hot shit lawyer , and I be sell my blood . mitchell that 's not news , Zoe . zoe no . but this be . they would not take my blood . CUT to int . car -- day image of zoe as a little girl in mitchell be lap . her face be swollen . she be be drive to the hospital . mitchell be sing she a lullaby . mitchell 's conversation with zoe continue over this image . zoe do you know what that mean , daddy ? do it register ? mitchell yes . zoe I test positive . mitchell yes . zoe welcome to hard time , daddy . pause . mitchell what do you want I to do , Zoe ? I will do whatever you want . zoe I need money . mitchell what for ? zoe you can not ask I that ! not anymore ! you ask I what I want . not what I want it for . I want money . mitchell do you have the blood test ? zoe you do not believe I ? you do not fuck believe I ? mitchell of ... course I do . I just think ... I could get you another test . in case the one you get ... be wrong . zoe I like it when you do not believe I , daddy . it 's better you do not believe I but have to act like you do . pause . zoe ( cont 'd ) I can hear you breathe , daddy . mitchell yes . I can hear you breathe too . zoe begin to cry over the phone . zoe oh God , I be scared . mitchell I love you , Zoe . I will be there soon , and I will take care of you . no matter what happen . I will take care of you . CUT to int . airplane . first CLASS cabin -- night mitchell be still stare at the sleep figure of alison . alison be blanket have fall to the side . mitchell lift the blanket , and cover the sleep figure of the young woman . CUT to ext . burnell home -- day mitchell drive up to the burnell home . he get out of he car and walk to the front door . SAM have repaint the ramp . it be now red . CUT to int . burnell home . kitchen -- day mitchell meet nicole . SAM and mary be also seat at the table . the meeting take place in the kitchen / diningroom . mitchell well , Nicole , I have be want to meet you for a long time now . not just because I have hear so many good thing about you , but because , as you know , I be the guy represent you and you mom and dad and some other folk here in town . we be try to generate some compensation , however meager , for what you have suffer , and at the same time see that a accident like this never happen again . you be central to the case I be try to build , Nicole . but you would probably just as soon let the whole thing lie . just get on with you life as quickly and smoothly as possible . nicole nod . pause , as mitchell wait for she to go on . nicole I do not like think about the accident . I do not even remember it happen . besides , it just make people feel sorry for I , and ... mitchell you hate that . nicole nod . SAM what she mean , Mitch ... mitchell silence SAM with a gesture of he hand . mitchell people can not help it , you know . they really can not . when they see you in this wheelchair , know what you life be life eight month ago , people be go to feel sorry for you . there 's no way around it , Nicole . you and I just meet , and already I admire you . who would not ? you be a brave tough smart kid . that 's obvious . and I do not know you , know how exciting and promise you life be before the accident . but listen , even I feel sorry for you . nicole you can only feel lucky that you do not die for so long . then you start to feel ... unlucky . mitchell that you do not die ? like the other child ? nicole yes. like bear and the Ansel twin and Sean and ... mary Nicole ! nicole it 's the truth . mitchell regards mary with calm authority , as though he 's tell she the time . mitchell it be the truth . pause . mitchell look back at nicole . mitchell ( cont 'd ) it would be strange if you do not feel that way . nicole ( after a slight pause ) what do you want I to do for you , Mr. stephen ? CUT to int . burnell home . livingroom . -- day time CUT fifteen minute forward . the scene shift to the livingroom . mitchell and nicole be alone in the room . SAM come back from another room , as mary appear from the kitchen with a plate of cookie . nicole ( voice over ) that get you talk about deposition and lawyer . by the time daddy come back from the washroom and Mom come in with she tea and cookie , you be go on about how tough it would be for I to answer some of the question that other lawyer would ask . mitchell they work for the people we be try to sue . they job be to try to minimize damage . we job , Nicole , be to try to maximize they . you have to think of it that way . as people do they job . no good guy or bad guy . just we side and they side . nicole I will not lie . mitchell I do not want you to lie . nicole the truth be that it be a accident , and no one 's to blame . mitchell there 's no such thing as a accident , Nicole . not in a situation like this . nicole you seem very sure about that . mitchell I be absolutely positive . nicole turn to face SAM . she stare at he . nicole no matter what I be ask , I will tell the truth . SAM look back , expressionless . mitchell that 's fine . I want you to be absolutely truthful . and I will be right there to advise and help you . and there will be a court stenographer there to make a record of it , and that 's what will go to the judge , before the trial be set . it will be the same for everybody . they will be depose the ottos and the walker , the bus driver ... nicole dolore . mitchell yes. dolore ... and even you mom and dad . but I will make sure you go last . nicole why ? mitchell so you can keep on get well before you have to go and do this . it 's not go to be easy , Nicole . do you understand that ? nicole nod . SAM when do they award damage ? mitchell depend . this could drag on for quite a while . but we will be there at the end , Sam . do not you worry . nicole ( voice over ) at that moment , I hate my parent - daddy for what he know and have do , nicole and even Mom for what she do not know and have not do . you tell I it be not go to be easy . but as I sit there , stare at daddy , I know it be go to be the easiest thing in my life . CUT to ext . bide -a-wile motel -- morning replay of the scene of sean WALKER enter the bus . he turn around to face he mother . sean I want to stay with you . risa go on now . go on . sean hesitantly turn to face the inside of the bus . he see nicole burnell , who pat the seat beside she . mason leave he place beside nicole to make way for sean . nicole c'mon , Sean , sit next to I . angle on dolore as she watch sean move towards nicole . CUT to int . community centre . -- day dolore give she deposition . a stenographer take note . mitchell listen , along with schwartz , the oppose lawyer . dolore he never take he eye off he mother , even as he move to sit beside Nicole . he look frighten . mitchell why would he be frighten ? dolore I do not know . but it be weird in term of what happen next . Sean be still watch he mother . dolore I shut the door with one hand , and release the brake with the other , and wait for a second for risa to cross in front of the bus . there be a sixteen wheeler behind I , and I hear he air brake hiss as the driver chunke into gear . I look into the side view mirror , and see he move into line behind I . then suddenly Sean shriek ... CUT to int . school bus -- morning sean leap to the front of the bus . sean mommy ! mitchell ( voice over , from the court chamber ) what happen then ? dolore ( voice over ) Sean be all over I , scramble across my lap to the window . I glimpse risa off to my leave , leaping out of the way of a red saab that seem to have bolt out of nowhere . the scene be horrifying , as sean watch he mother just miss a terrible accident with the speed vehicle . dolore ( cont 'd ) Sean ! sit down ! you Mom 's okay ! now sit down ! sean sit back down beside nicole . dolore slide open she window , and speak to risa . dolore ( cont 'd ) you get he number ? risa be stunne . dolore ( cont 'd ) ( voice over ) she be shake , stand there with she arm wrap around herself . dolore she shook she head , turn away , and walk slowly back to the office . I draw a couple of breath and check Sean , who be seat now but still craning and look after he mother . CUT to int . community centre . -- day the deposition continue . dolore I smile at he , but he only glare back at I , as if I be to blame . CUT to ext . school bus -- morning aerial view of the bus as it make its way through the mountain . nicole be voice be hear read the pied piper from the scene with the ansel child . nicole ( voice over ) for he lead we , he say , to a joyous land , join the town and just at hand , where water gush and fruit-tree grow , and flower put forth a fairer hue , and everything be strange and new ... CUT to int . school bus -- day a montage show the face of the various child in the bus . this image be intercut with dolore be deposition . CUT to int . community centre . -- day the deposition . dolore be try to control she emotion . dolore I remember wrenching the steering wheel to the right and slapping my foot against the brake petal . I be not the driver anymore . dolore the bus be like this huge wave about to break over we . bear otto , the lambston kid , the hamilton , the prescott , the teenage boy and girl from bartlett Hill , Sean , Nicole burnell , billy Ansel 's twin , jessica and mason ... all the child of my town . CUT to int . burnell home -- night SAM and jenny be watch television . lumberjack log - roll . nicole , in she wheelchair , be read a book off to one corner . mary come into the room . mary that be billy Ansel on the phone . he want to come over to talk to we . SAM do he say what about ? mary no. SAM be he drink ? could you tell ? mary Jenny , it 's time for you to go to bed . jenny Mom ... SAM come on , Jen . I let you watch you nature show . jenny reluctantly kiss she father goodnight , then nicole . as she leave the room , mary start clear the table . SAM ( cont 'd ) be he come over now ? right away ? mary that 's what he say . SAM be anxious . he look over to nicole . SAM what be you up to , Nicole ? nicole nothing . SAM nothing good on you t.v.? nicole as oppose to this t.v.? nicole stare at SAM . nicole ( cont 'd ) besides , I would like to see billy . nicole stare at the television . angle on on the television screen , a image of a studio audience applaud . the image be silent . the t.v. be on mute . nicole ( cont 'd ) ( voice over ) that be not true . I do not want to be see by anyone whose kid have be kill by the accident . especially not billy Ansel . nicole turn she attention back to she parent . nicole ( cont 'd ) actually , now that I think about it , I would just as soon stay in my room . nicole shove she wheelchair towards she room , as the camera remain on she face . nicole ( cont 'd ) ( voice over ) I remember all the time I have tuck jessica and mason into bed . how they love to have I read to they before they sleep . there be nothing for I to say to billy , except I be sorry . I be sorry that you child die when my parent 's child do not . CUT to ext . burnell home -- night billy pull up to the burnell home . he get out of he pick up and approach the house . CUT to int . burnell home -- night from she room , nicole watch as billy approach the house . he leave she view as a knock be hear at the door . nicole wheel over to the door and press she ear to the door so that she can hear the conversation . CUT to int . burnell home . kitchen . -- night SAM hey , billy ! what bring you out on a night like this ? c'mon in . take a load off . mary would you like a cup of tea , billy ? there 's a piece of cake leave . billy no . no , thanks , Mary . CUT to int . burnell home . kitchen / livingroom -- night SAM lead billy into the livingroom . SAM so what bring you out tonight ? billy well , Sam , I might as well tell you the truth . it 's this lawsuit you have get yourself all involved with . I want you to drop the damned thing . pause . SAM I do not see how that concern you , billy . billy it do concern I . SAM well , I do not know why it should . there 's a whole lot of people in town involved with lawsuit . we be hardly unique here , billy . I mean , I can understand how you feel . billy how ? SAM well , it be so depress and all . but it 's reality . you can not just turn this off because you happen to think it 's a bad idea . billy why not ? SAM because it 's what we have to do . billy well I do not want a damned thing to do with it . SAM okay , fine . so ... stay out of it . pause . billy stare at SAM . tension . billy I have try to stay out of it . but it turn out that 's not so easy , Sam . you have go and get yourself this lawyer . Mitchell stephen . you and risa and wendell and the ottos . SAM so ? I mean , lot 's of folk have get lawyer . billy but yours be the one who 's go to subpoena I , Sam . Force I to testify in court . he come by the garage this afternoon . gave I this piece of paper . billy reach into he pocket and show the paper to SAM . mary why would he do that ? you do not have anything to do with the accident . billy because I be drive behind the bus , Mary . because I see it . I see it happen ... billy be harrow by this image . SAM and mary stare at he , frighten by he intensity . billy ( cont 'd ) if that bastard do subpoena I , if he force I to go over this again , then all that other lawyer will line up behind he and try and do the same thing . SAM that will not happen , billy . Mitch stephen ' case be small , compare to some of that other guy . the way he tell I , all he need be for you to say what you see that day , drive behind the bus . I know it 's a painful thing to do , but it will only take a few minute of you time . that will be the end of it . billy that 's wrong , Sam . you know that . we will be tangle up in this thing for the next five year . this be never go to go away ... SAM c'mon , you know that will not ... billy we have get lawyer suing lawyer because some people be stupid enough to sign on with more than one of the bastard . we have get people point finger , make side deal , and dicker over percentage . yesterday , I hear somebody want to sue the rescue squad . the rescue squad . because they do not act fast enough . angle on nicole listen from she door . billy ( cont 'd ) if you two drop the case , then the other would come to they sense billy and follow . you be good sensible parent , you and Mary . people respect you . pause . SAM no , billy . we can not drop the lawsuit . you know how much we need the money . billy why ? you get money from dolore ' insurance with the school board . we all do . SAM it 's not enough . for hospital bill . for Nicole . billy I will help pay for Nicole , if that 's what you be really talk about . I will even give you the money I get for my kid . ( beat ) that 's what we use to do , remember ? help each other . this be a community . SAM I be sorry . billy stare at SAM . billy I use to like it here . I use to care about what happen . now I think I will sell my house and move the fuck away . mary billy , please . the child . billy the child . billy look at SAM and mary , 's strange smile on he face . he move to leave . he pause at the door of the kitchen . billy ( cont 'd ) how be Nicole ? be she around ? mary she 's rest . in she room . billy say hello for I . CUT to ext . burnell home -- night billy walk to he car . SAM and mary watch he from the porch / ramp . SAM ( call out ) we be get on with we life , billy . maybe it 's time you get on with yours . billy turn around , look at SAM one final time , then move to he pick up . CUT to int . burnell home -- night nicole be watch billy from she window . she be cry . angle on nicole's p.o.v. of billy drive away . CUT to int . burnell home . nicole's bedroom . -- night nicole be lie in she bed . a knock at the door . SAM enter the dark bedroom and sit on the bed beside she . SAM be you sleep ? nicole no . SAM Nicole , tomorrow Mr. stephen want you to make you deposition at the courthouse . I think I would take you over . nicole great . SAM you seem ... I do not know ... well , distant , I guess . hard to talk to . nicole we use to talk a lot , do not we , daddy . about all the thing you be go to do for I . SAM what do you mean ? nicole I mean I be a wheelchair girl now . it 's hard to pretend I be a beautiful rock star . not like you use to tell I . remember , daddy ? all the people that be go to discover I ? where be they now ? SAM turn away from nicole . nicole ( cont 'd ) ( voice over ) he could not look at I . but I look at he . right at he . his secret be mine now . we use to share it . but not anymore . now , I own it completely . SAM well , okay . I will take you about nine - thirty in the morning . that 's okay with you ? nicole great . silence . SAM get up to leave the room . nicole ( cont 'd ) ( voice over ) before , everything have be so confusing . I never know who be to blame . but now I know . he 's just a thief , a sneaky thief who have rob he daughter . robbed I of ... whatever it be that my sister still have and I do not . and then the accident rob I of my body . CUT to int . car -- day SAM and nicole be drive to town . they do not exchange a word . CUT to ext . community centre . -- day SAM be carry nicole up the stair of the community centre . there be no ramp , so the wheelchair be leave at the bottom . he be have difficulty , because nicole be keep she body stiff and will not hold on to he . CUT to int . community centre . -- day nicole be wheeled across the floor of the community centre to a table where the deposition be be make . mitchell , schwartz , and the stenographer be wait for she . nicole ( voice over ) the last time I be in the community hall be for the big Christmas party almost a year ago . it have not change . CUT to int . community centre . -- day the deposition . SAM watch he daughter as she speak confidently into the microphone . the stenographer take note . nicole be answer question from the oppose lawyer . mitchell be also take note . schwartz now on that morning , do there come a time , Nicole , when you leave you parent ' house ? nicole yes . schwartz what time in the morning be this ? nicole about eight - thirty in the morning . schwartz be anyone wait for the bus with you ? nicole no. I be alone . my sister Jenny be sick and stay home that day . schwartz be there anything unusual about the driver , dolore driscoll , or the bus that particular morning ? nicole like what ? I mean , I do not remember a lot . angle on mitchell mitchell I object to the form of that question . note that . schwartz be the bus on time ? nicole yes . schwartz and where do you sit that morning ? nicole my usual place . on the right side . the first seat . schwartz and accord to you recollection , there be nothing unusual about the drive that morning ? nicole until the accident ? no. ( beat ) yes , there be . angle on mitchell worried about this new information . nicole ( cont 'd ) it be when Sean Walker get on . he be cry and do not want to leave he mother . mason Ansel be sit beside I . I ask he to move , so I could quiet Sean down . when the bus start up , a car come around the corner and almost hit Sean 's mother . she be okay , but it really scared Sean , because he watch it out the window . schwartz and be this incident cause in any way by anything the driver of the bus do ? pause . mitchell be nervous . nicole no , she have not even start to move the bus . it be the car 's fault . mitchell be relieved . schwartz there be nothing reckless in Mrs. driscoll 's behavior ? mitchell I object to that form of question . note that . nicole ( answer the question ) no . schwartz do there come a time when all the child have be pick up ? nicole yes . schwartz you remember that much ? nicole as I be talk , I be remember more about it . mitchell be worried . mitchell note my objection . she say , ' as I be talk . ' schwartz do there come a time when the bus turn off staples mill Road onto the marlowe Road at what 's call wilmot Springs ? nicole yes . nicole there be a brown dog that run across the road up there , right by the dump , and dolore slowed down not to hit he , and he run into the wood . and then dolore drive on and turn onto the marlowe road , as usual . I remember that . I be remember it pretty clearly . schwartz ( eyebrow raise ) you be ? nicole yes . mitchell ( worried ) note that she say ' pretty clearly ' . not ' clearly ' . schwartz and what be the weather like at this time ? nicole it be snow . mitchell unless the report from the National weather Bureau for the district on January 23 go into the record , I will object to that question . schwartz I will offer that report . well , then , now that you memory seem to be clear , can you tell we what else you observe at that time ? nicole before the actual accident ? schwartz yes . nicole stare at she father as she respond . nicole I be scared . schwartz why be you scared ? schwartz this be before the accident , Nicole . do you understand what I be ask ? nicole yes , I understand . schwartz why be you scared ? nicole dolore be drive too fast . silence . mitchell be watch he entire case crumble . schwartz Mrs. driscoll be drive too fast ? what make you think that , Nicole ? nicole the speedometer . and it be downhill there . schwartz you could see the speedometer ? nicole yes . I look . I remember clearly now . it seem we be go too fast down the hill . I be scared . nicole look at mitchell , who stare back . schwartz how fast would you say Mrs. driscoll be go ? to the best of you recollection ? nicole seventy - two mile a hour . schwartz seventy - two mile a hour ? you be sure of this ? nicole positive . schwartz you believe that the bus drive by Mrs. driscoll be go at seventy - two mile a hour at this time ? nicole I tell you I be positive . the speedometer be large and easy to see from where I be . angle on the speedometer from nicole's p.o.v . it read fifty - one mile a hour . schwartz ( voice over ) you see the speedometer ? nicole yes . schwartz do you say anything to Mrs. driscoll ? nicole no . schwartz why not ? nicole I be scared . and there be not time . schwartz there be not time ? nicole no . because the bus go off the road . and crash . schwartz you remember this ? nicole yes . I do now . now that I be tell it . mitchell ( defeat ) she say , ' now that I be tell it ' . note that . schwartz what do you remember about the accident ? nicole I remember the bus swerve , it just suddenly swerve to the right , and it hit the guardrail and the snowbank on the side of the road , and then it go over the embankment there , and everyone be scream and everything . and that 's all . I guess I be unconscious after that . that 's all . then I be in the hospital . schwartz smile and make some note in he pad . he talk to mitchell without look up . schwartz do you have any question , Mr. stephen ? mitchell stare silently at nicole for a long time . nicole ( voice over ) daddy be lean forward in he chair , he mouth half open , as if he want to say something . like what , daddy ? like ' what about my money ? ' nicole and SAM stare at each other . mitchell I have no question . schwartz thank you , Nicole . nicole wheel herself away . she pass mitchell . mitchell ( in a low voice ) you would make a great poker player , kid . nicole wheel herself over to she father . nicole let 's go , daddy . ext . community centre -- day nicole be in the car in front of the community centre . she stare at SAM as he argue with mitchell on the step . nicole ( voice over ) daddy take a long time . I guess he want to have a few word with you . he must have try to tell you that I be lie . then you would tell daddy that it do not matter if I be lie or not , the lawsuit be dead . as nicole's word be hear , she point of view of SAM and mitchell argue be see . the movement of they lip be in sync with nicole be voice over . nicole ( cont 'd ) ( voice over ) everyone 's lawsuit be dead . forget it . tell the other to forget it . it 's over . right now , Sam , the thing you have get to worry about be why she lie . a kid who would do that to she own father be not normal , Sam . SAM come down the stair and enter the car , sit down at the driver 's seat . nicole stare at he as he start the car . nicole ( cont 'd ) ( voice over ) but daddy know who lie . he know who the liar be . he know who 's normal . SAM stare ahead , not know what to do next . nicole ( cont 'd ) ( speak to SAM ) I hope he let we keep the computer . SAM turn to look at nicole . nicole ( cont 'd ) I would like a ice cream . CUT to int . airport . -- morning mitchell be at the baggage section of the arrival area , wait for he luggage . he watch peter , the man he meet in the washroom change he daughter , play with the little girl . peter be full of love as he swing the little girl into the air as she laugh . mitchell be catch in a daydream , smile at the happy image of father and daughter . alison approach he . alison well , it be nice meeting you again , Mr. stephen . mitchell Mitchell . it be nice to see you again , ally . alison alison . mitchell alison . alison say hi to Zoe . mitchell I will . alison I hope she get better . mitchell I will tell she that . alison shake mitchell be hand , and leave . CUT to ext . fairground -- day SAM wheel nicole along a path away from the same concession stand that be see at the beginning of the film . nicole be lick a ice-cream cone . around they , people be set up the bandstand . nicole daddy , can we come to the fair ? SAM yes . nicole how about Sunday night ? that 's always the best time . SAM okay . nicole look at a team of man construct a ride . a school bus pull up , and a group of child spill out . nicole watch as the driver try to form they into a group . nicole what 's go to happen to dolore ? SAM I do not know . nicole will the police do anything to she ? SAM it 's too late for that . she can not drive the bus anymore . the school board see to that right off . nicole she will move away . SAM there 's talk of that . nicole someplace where no one know she . ( beat ) someplace strange and new . SAM be freeze . nicole smile to herself . CUT to ext . airport . -- morning at the airport , in the arrival bay , mitchell wait for he limousine . across the road , a hotel minibus be park . the driver be dolore . the camera settles on she face as she stare at mitchell . mitchell catch she gaze , and the two stare at each other . nicole ( voice over ) as you see each other , almost two year later , I wonder if you realize something . mitchell be limo arrive . he get inside . CUT to int . limousine -- morning close - up of mitchell as he stare ahead , lose in think . nicole ( voice over ) I wonder if you realize that all of we - dolore , I , the child who survive , the child who do not - that we be all citizen of a different town now . CUT to ext . gas station -- day billy watch as a crane lift the demolish schoolbus onto a flatbe truck . nicole ( voice over ) a town of people live in the sweet hereafter . CUT to ext . car -- afternoon nicole and SAM drive home from the fairground . nicole ( voice over ) whether other defend we , protect we , love we or hate we - they do it to meet they own need , not ours . the camera leave the car to look up at the sky . CUT to ext . fairground -- dusk Sunday night at the fairground . nicole be stare at the ferris wheel . in she imagination , the swinging car of the slowly turn wheel be full of child . the laughter and noise be haunt . nicole smile as she stare at this private apparition . nicole ( voice over ) this be what I learn . this be what I find out . CUT to int . billy house . jessica and mason's bedroom . -- night nicole have just finish read a story to jessica and mason . the child be asleep . nicole put the book down , and kiss the two sleep child on the cheek . nicole get up to leave the bedroom , leave the door slightly open . Light spill in from the hallway . the end October , 1996