12 and holding written by Anthony S cipriano 04.06.04 fade in : ext . neighborhood STREET - morning twin boy , rudy and jacob carge ( 12 ) , ride they bike through a suburban neighborhood . rudy , the more athletic of the two , ride at a breakneck pace . Jacob ride slowly due to a hockey mask that he wear over he face . it 's make it difficult for he to see . the boy turn down a dirt path and ride deep into some wood . int . wood - continuous rudy and Jacob ride to the edge of a clearing and stop . across from the clear be a large oak tree , which have a tree house perch high up in it 's branch . the boy cautiously look around and whisper . jacob you see `em ? rudy no . but that do not mean they be not here . after a beat , rudy get off he bike and start walk towards the tree house . Jacob stay behind , eyeing they safety . rudy ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Jacob , come on . it 's cool . suddenly , a rock come careen from off screen . it hit Jacob in the head and knock he to the ground . rudy dart for the oak tree as a hail storm of rock and debris come fly at he . as Jacob rise , a stream of blood pour down the front of he mask . he quickly run for the tree . two boy , jeff and kenny ( 14 ) , trailer park , punk come run out of the wood , rock in hand . rudy and Jacob climb the tree , use makeshift rung that be nail into the trunk . in the floor of the tree house be a door . rudy remove a key from a chain around he neck and unlock it . he climb inside and pull Jacob in after he . 2 . int . tree house - continuous Jacob look back and see Jeff and Kenny , run over . rudy cross to the door with a bucket of liquid . jacob what the hell be that ? rudy piss . rudy dump the piss onto Jeff and Kenny . ext . tree house - same time now drench with piss , Jeff and Kenny jump from the tree , scream . they try to shake the urine off . Kenny spit the taste out of he mouth and angrily call up to the boy . kenny you and you deform brother be dead ! int . tree house - same time Jacob rip the hockey mask off . ( a large strawberry birthmark cover the right side of he face . ) he 's insulted . rudy ( call to Kenny ) anytime you be ready , dickhead . ext . tree house - same time Jeff and Kenny walk off . kenny they be fuck dead ! Jeff run off screen and throw up . int . fisher home - kitchen - morning leonard fisher ( 12 ) , severely obese , sit at the dinner table , eat pancake . his father , patrick ( 35 ) and two younger sister , haley ( 8 ) and SARA ( 6 ) be seat with he . they be all overweight . ( continued ) 3 . continued : leonard mother , grace ( 35 ) , the large of they all , cross to the table , sit and start eat . jump cut show the progression of they meal . from glob of syrup be place over pancake to the mass consumption of omelet and sausage . caught up with eat , nobody speak . EST . ext . chung residence - morning a modern , upper-class home with a large , well tend yard . yacco ( o.s. ) the check be suppose to be here on the first of the month ... she 's you daughter , you asshole ! int . chung home - upstair hallway - continuous yacco chuang ( 35 ) , asian - american , sexy , uptight , psychiatrist , pace the hallway on the phone . her daughter , malee ( 12 ) with long , black , braid hair and thick rimmed glass , peek she head out of the bathroom . malee Mom , I need help . yacco ( into phone ) ( ignore she ) any parent be " parent of the year " next to you , you selfish prick . yacco walk off . deflate , malee reenter the bathroom . int . chung home - bathroom - continuous malee be wrap in a towel and hold a tampon . confused , she grab the tampon BOX and read the direction . malee 's confusion quickly turn to disgust . ext . neighborhood entrance - later Leonard sit upon a large rock with the word , lindsay acre inscribe on the center of it . he eat popcorn . hanging off the top right hand corner of the rock be a banner , which read , 5th annual 4 th of JULY picnic . all invite . malee ride she bike up to Leonard . she honk she bike horn at every pedestrian in she path . malee move it , people . outta my way ! ( continued ) 4 . continued : she come to a screeching halt a inch in front of Leonard . leonard ( mouthful ) you be late . malee yeah well , I begin menstruate this morning , and I have some difficulty insert the tampon . ( off he disgust look ) what ? it 's a natural process . you know , I could conceive , carry and birth a child right now . leonard Big deal . you will not . malee but I could . that 's what matter . leonard the twin say , they would meet we at the spot . Leonard get on he bike . malee wanna race ? leonard Nah , I be good . int . tree house - later Jacob wipe at he head wound , frighten . jacob maybe I should have mom look at it . rudy if you do not have that damn mask on , you would have see it come . we birthday come once a year , and you ask for a hockey mask . you do not even play . jacob Jason from " Friday the 13th " wear one . he 's bad ass . ( continued ) 5 . continued : rudy exactly . Jason would not run home `cause of a little blood . he would get back up , decapitate he victim and move on . Jacob look out the makeshift window in the wall . jacob you think Jeff and Kenny will come back ? rudy I drop piss on they head . I would say the odd be pretty good . malee ( o.s. ) you do what ? rudy and Jacob turn to find malee and Leonard , enter the tree house . rudy Jeff and Kenny be here . I dumped the piss I have be save on they head . leonard why be you save piss ? rudy just incase . pretty smart , huh ? jacob no , it 's stupid cause now they be gonna come back here and kick all we ass . rudy do not be such a pussy . leonard yeah , I could probably take they both myself . rudy what be you gonna do , Leonard , eat they ? jacob all I be say be , who care if they tear it down . ( continued ) 6 . continued : ( 2 ) rudy this be our place . we have be come here since we be seven . jacob nothing last forever . rudy you be such a butt-munch . rudy push Jacob . Jacob push back . the two start fight . malee you guy , it 's you birthday . could you try and get along ? off the boy 's fight - int . yacco' office - later that afternoon yacco sit across from debbie poole ( 42 ) , housewife , conservatively dress . debbie I do not think therapy be help . yacco why do you say that ? be you still " cut " ? embarrass , maggie lift up she shirt sleeve . we see that she arm be cover with cut . dried blood be everywhere . yacco be horrify by the sight . yacco ( cont would ) oh , Debbie . debbie it feel much better than it look . really . suddenly , malee burst into she mother 's office . malee ma , I ... oops . yacco malee , out . now . malee I be sorry . ( continued ) 7 . continued : malee quickly exit the office . yacco Excuse I for a moment . int . yacco' office - reception area - continuous yacco enter the reception area . she be obviously angry . yacco I tell you a 100 time to knock . malee I say , I be sorry . yacco why be not you with the boy ? malee rudy and Jacob go for pizza with they parent . yacco cross to a desk and remove a flute from a drawer . yacco I find this in the backseat of my car this morning . do you know how much flute cost ? go outside , sit on the front step and practice . malee but , mom . yacco now ! angere , malee grab the flute and exit . ext . front of yacco' office - continuous malee drop on the stoop like a ton of brick . after a beat , she reluctantly begin play she flute . a few pedestrian stop to listen . malee keep it move . this be not a show . int . twin be house - live room - night rudy and Jacob stare into the camera with big grin . ( continued ) 8 . continued : rudy / jacob cheese ! vfx : camera flash the boy relax they pose as ashley and jim carge ( 30' ) , enter the shot . Ashley put she camera down on the table and pick up a large present . jim okay , you get you small gift this morning . now for the big one . ashley this one be rudy 's . rudy rip into the present , revealing a sony play station . rudy Sony play station ! oh my God ! oh my God ! yes ! too cool ! jim since neither of you want a party this year , we be able to splurge . Ashley remove a envelope from she purse . she hand it to Jacob . his enthusiasm suddenly turn to worry . jacob what be it ? ashley only one way to find out . Jacob remove a colorful pamphlet from the envelope . jim go ahead , read it . jacob " plastic surgery . be not it about time ? " ( horrify ) I do not get it . ashley you father and I be go to pay to have you birthmark remove . jim be not that great . ( continued ) 9 . continued : ( 2 ) jacob you get I surgery for my birthday ? jim not just one . a series of they . rudy ( overcompensate ) cool . jacob it 's not " cool " . it totally suck ! Jacob drop the envelope , walk from the room . jim Jacob ? int . twin be house - boy' bedroom - later rudy enter the darken room and cross over to Jacob , who have he face plant in he pillow . Jacob have be cry . rudy do not sweat it . you can borrow my play station anytime you want . jacob this be not about the play station . it 's about this thing on my face . everybody hate it . rudy I do not . jacob who care what you think ? you be the reason for all of this . perfect you with you perfect skin . there to show the world what I be suppose to look like . ( beat ) you know , sometimes I just wish I be not you twin . rudy screw you ! know what , I take it back , you can not use my play station . rudy exit the room , slamm the door after he . 10 . ext . neighborhood - next day it 's you typical fourth of July block party . families crowd the street with bbq grill , cotton candy and beer . Children ride they bicycle , which be adorn with streamer , balloon and noise maker . off to the side , malee and Jacob sit , eat snow cone . ext . STREET - same time Jim carge tend to some burger on he grill . gabe artunion ( 40 ) , real estate agent , approach . gabe 30 acre . jim I already tell you , gabe , I be not sell that land . not 30 acre not five . gabe I be willing to pay top dollar . jim I be not gonna let you tear down that wood , so you can stack twenty house right on top of each other . gabe I be gonna write down a number . jim no ! my kid ... hell , you kid play in that wood all the time . you can not put a price on that . gabe write down a number and hand it to Jim . gabe I believe I can . Jim look at the figure and he eye go wide . ext . STREET - later a line of picnic table surround nearby grill . Leonard 's family minus Leonard sit , eat as if there 's no tomorrow . ( continued ) 11 . continued : soccer mom # 1 ( o.s. ) look at they . so unhealthy . on two soccer mom , watch Leonard 's family eat . soccer mom # 1 ( cont would ) you know , Grace can barely walk because of she weight . soccer mom # 2 where do you think she find clothes big enough to fit ? the two woman walk off . as they disperse , we see leonard , stand behind they . he have hear every word . hurt , Leonard look down at he own plate , which overflow with food . he feel embarrassed and disgust . Patrick rise and cross over to the buffet table . patrick good eat , huh son ? Patrick grab the ladle and begin to fill up he plate . leonard maybe you should not have second , dad , you know ? patrick who be you , Richard simmon ? c'mon , enjoy the day . he walk off with he food . leanard look down at the food , shrug , then help himself to a heaping porion . ext . another part of the STREET - dusk rudy straddle he bike while watch a group of 8 - year - old , have a water balloon fight . jealous , he reminiscence to a time when he be one of that kid . kenny ( o.s . ) I and Jeff be gonna pay that tree house of yours a little visit tonight . rudy spin around to find Kenny , stand at he side . ( continued ) 12 . continued : kenny ( cont would ) when we be through , it will be a pile of scrap . rudy why do not you take you smelly ass back to the trailer park ? kenny free country , asshole . rudy you get nothing better to do than pick on we all the time ? kenny I do until yesterday . rudy I think you like " golden shower " . oh no , that be you mother . Kenny push rudy to the ground and then jump on top of he . rudy struggle to get free , but he 's overpower . a crowd of kid surround they , chant , " fight , fight " . Jeff hock a phlegm wad onto rudy 's face . rudy scream as the stream of saliva , drip across he nose and onto he lip . neighborhood father ( o.s. ) what 's go on over there ? Kenny look up and see a neighborhood parent come over . kenny I will finish this tonight ! Kenny push rudy down once more and run off . rudy slowly rise , wiping the saliva from he face . ext . vacant lot - later that night the entire neighborhood have descend upon a vacant lot . they be await the annual , firework display . we find Leonard , Jacob and malee sit on a large rock , which give they a bird eye view of the crowd . rudy run over to the rock and climb up top . ( continued ) 13 . continued : rudy Kenny show up . he say , Jeff and he be gonna tear the treehouse down tonight . we gotta sneak out and stop they . jacob Mom and dad would kill we . rudy we can not let he tear it down . jacob it 's just a treehouse . rudy no , it 's not ! you know what , you suck . I be go . Leonard , you in ? jacob you do not have to go if you do not want to . rudy do not listen to he . he 's a pussy . Leonard look between Jacob and malee . leonard I will go . rudy finally , someone with ball . insulted , Jacob slide off the rock and walk away . malee follow . rudy ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) let they go . the firework display begin . as they turn to watch it ... int . twin be home - boy' bedroom - middle of the night we scan the room and come to a set of bunk beds . sfx : electric watch alarm a body in the top bunk sit up and turn on a small bed light . reveal , it 's rudy . rudy grab he watch from the post and silence the alarm . Jacob sit up in bed . ( continued ) 14 . continued : jacob rudy . rudy unless you be come with I , I do not want to hear it . Jacob lie back in bed , silent . rudy jump off the top bunk , get dress and grab a baseball bat . before leave , rudy look back at Jacob and shake he head , disappointed . rudy ( cont would ) you know , you can not be a pussy all you life . jacob what ? rudy Jeff and Kenny pick on you all the time , and you do not do shit . jacob it 's my problem . rudy no , it 's mine too . Cause we be brother . that 's what brother do . they fight for each other , kill for each other , die for each other . jacob I do not feel that way . rudy Cause you be a pussy . so stay home , keep you head under the blanket . I be gonna fight . with that , rudy disappear out the window . fade to black : darkness ... sfx : creaking door . a flashlight illuminate the location . we be ... int . treehouse - later that night Leonard and rudy enter with the help of a flashlight . Leonard reach inside he backpack and remove a number of snack cake from he backpack . ( continued ) 15 . continued : leonard ( be : snack cake ) some provision . rudy we be only gonna be here a couple of hour . leonard when two o'clock roll around , you will be begging for one of this . rudy shake he head , remove he bat from he backpack . leonard ( cont would ) ( be : baseball bat ) I do not bring my glove . rudy moron , the bat be for Jeff and Kenny . you know , to scare they a little . he swing it hard . rudy ( cont would ) maybe it 's best if we do not talk . just listen . listen for they , and do not fall asleep . leonard I be wide awake . I could stay up all night . EST . ext . wood - later that night the treehouse be illuminate by the full moon , which rest in the sky above . the thunderous sound of a million cricket fill the air . int . treehouse - continuous both boy lie asleep . a mosquito fly in through the window and buzze past Leonard 's ear . he haphazardly swipe at it in he sleep , wake himself up . leonard oh , shit . rudy jump awake . ( continued ) 16 . continued : rudy what ... what be it ? they here ? leonard no. Leonard rise , pick up he bag and open the trap door in the floor . he be about to exit . rudy where you go ? leonard they be not gonna show up , I be goin ' home . it 's three o'clock - suddenly , a flaming cocktail come fly through the window . it hit rudy in the head , explode and engulf he in flame . ext . treehouse - same time Jeff and Kenny stand a few yard away from the treehouse . both laugh at the sight of the flame inside . kenny now yours . and aim for the window . Jeff light he cocktail . it miss the window and smashes into the side of the tree house . kenny ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) ha ha , you suck . Jeff and Kenny hear Leonard and rudy scream from inside . jeff you hear that ? int . treehouse - same time rudy , now cover in flame , roll on the floor , scream . rudy put it out ! put it out ! Leonard struggle to put out the flame with he backpack , but it 's of no use . he spin around and find the wall behind he , engulf with flame . he scream , terrify . ext . treehouse - same time Jeff and Kenny be frantic . ( continued ) 17 . continued : jeff they be in there ! they be in there ! Jeff turn around and run back home through the wood . int . treehouse - same time Leonard back away from rudy . unfortunately , he do not realize that the door in the floor be open . ext . treehouse - same time we watch over Kenny 's shoulder as Leonard fall from the treehouse , smack he head on the tree trunk and come to a crash upon some rock . Kenny run over and find Leonard unconscious . kenny wake up ! wake up , kid ! off the treehouse , which be now a tower inferno - int . twin be house - parent bedroom - same time Ashley jump up from a deep sleep . there be terror on she face . she rush over to she desk and turn on the lamp . Ken be awaken by she . jim Ashley ? what be it ? ashley I forget to deposit you paycheck last week . jim but I already write some check . ashley I know . with the cookout and everything , I forget . I will deposit it tomorrow . the holiday should buy we a extra day . jim write yourself a note so you do not forget again . ashley I just do . ( continued ) 18 . continued : Ashley turn off the desk lamp and return to bed . ashley ( cont would ) goodnite . fade to black : sfx over black : telephone ringing fade in : ext . graveyard - week later - afternoon on jim and ashley , watch rudy 's casket as it be lower into the ground . the once spirite , couple now look tired and pain . they be accompany by a number of mourner . priest Rest in piece , rudolph Eugene carge . May God hold you in the palm of he hand . Jacob stand beside he parent . tear stream from he eye , across he birthmark and off he chin . so stricken with grief , Jacob barely have to energy to wipe the tear away . we continue on through the crowd and find malee . embarrass by the tear , she bring a black veil down over she face . int . yacco' office - later that day malee enter , still wear the veil . she cross to the couch and sit beside a patient , gus maitland ( 30 ) , long haire , hippi-type with a moustache and beard . Gus eye malee , intrigue . gus friend or family ? malee huh ? gus the person who die . malee friend . gus I be sorry . you will like Dr. chung . this be only my second session , but she 's good . ( continued ) 19 . continued : malee I be not a patient . I be she daughter . malee lift she veil and look at Gus . gus oh. I can see the resemblance . malee be you try to make I sick ? Gus shoot malee a look just as yacco exit she office . yacco Mr. maitland ? Gus rise and enter the office . yacco ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I will be with you in a second . yacco cross to malee and sit beside she . yacco ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) so , how be it ? malee it be a funeral , Mom . how do you think it be ? yacco I be sorry I could not make it . let rudy 's parent know I be available if they need to talk . I will not charge for the session . malee look to yacco , stunne by she comment . yacco ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) you know , it 's okay to cry . malee I know it 's okay to cry . I do not need you to tell I , it 's okay to cry . if I want to cry , I will cry . yacco okay . yacco re-enter she office . a beat . ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 2 ) malee start to cry . ext . jacob be home - later that afternoon Cars fill the driveway and line the street in front of Jacob 's house . int . twin be home - live room - same time mourner stand in small group , engage in hushed conversation . Jim sit in he recliner , cry . int . twin be home - kitchen - same time a number of mother watch as Ashley obsessively prepare a platter of devile egg . concerned , one of they cross over to she . mother Ashley , there 's more than enough food here . ashley no , rudy love my devile egg . it 's right that I make they . where 's the paprika ? Ashley open up she cupboard in search of the paprika . ashley ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Jesus , you put something down , and it disappear . now angry , Ashley start throw object out of the cupboard , haphazardly . mother # 1 Ashley . Ashley slam she cupboard door shut . she look around and spot the garbage pail across the kitchen . ashley maybe I throw it out . Ashley cross to the garbage . she lift it upside down and dump the trash all over the floor . Ashley get on she knee and start search . the other woman look to each other , uncomfortable . mother # 1 kneel down beside she . ( continued ) 21 . continued : mother # 1 Ashley . Ashley ignore she . mother # 1 grab Ashley 's hand and look she in the eye . ashley it 's okay . Ashley stop cold . the grief and heartache hit once again . ashley ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) not my baby ! please God not my son ! the mother collectively drop to the floor and surround Ashley in a attempt to comfort she . they give no care to the pile of garbage they now sit in . int . leonard hospital room - later that day Leonard lie in a bed , stare out the window . there be a bandage wrap around he forehead . Patrick sit beside he in a chair . Grace enter , carry bag of mcdonald be food with she . grace this hospital be a nightmare . the elevator be never there when you need it . Patrick cross over to the food and grab he lunch . patrick where be the girl ? grace Haley take Sara up to the maternity ward . Grace cross over to Leonard . grace ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) how be you feel ? leonard my head hurt . grace you be lucky you do not get kill . ( continued ) 22 . continued : leonard I tell you , I be sorry . grace you try be awaken at four o'clock in the morning by the police say , they have you son , he 's unconscious and on he way to the hospital . I have never be so scared in my life . and poor rudy . Leonard start cry . grace ( cont would ) what ? leonard my best friend be dead ! Grace hand Leonard a double cheeseburger . grace eat this . it will make you feel better . leonard I be not hungry . besides , I can not taste anything anyway . grace Hospital food be always bland . this have flavor . leonard no , it 's because of my condition . I can not taste or smell anything anymore . grace what be you say , condition ? what condition ? leonard ( shrug ) my condition . int . doctor' office - moment later Patrick and Grace sit across from the doctor ( 50' ) . ( continued ) 23 . continued : doctor Leonard have a condition . it 's call anosmia . grace oh my God ! be it serious ? doctor no. anosmia be when a person loose they sense of smell . it 's not uncommon in patient who suffer serious head injury . unfortunately , it 's also affect he ability to taste . again , not uncommon . patrick be it permanent ? doctor depend on the patient . grace what do we do ? he can not eat . doctor he can eat . he just can not taste what he 's eat . patrick what she mean be , he will not eat . doctor Leonard 's association with food be no longer about taste . it 's about texture . while we may be partial to sweet or salty food , Leonard will become partial to crunchy or smooth one . once he settles on a texture he like , he appetite will increase . grace I can not believe this be happen . doctor consider what Leonard could have suffer , he 's lucky . besides , he be severely overweight . a loss of appetite may be a benefit . Grace and Patrick shoot he a look of death . 24 . int . leonard hospital room - same time Leonard lie in bed , stare out the window . a nurse ( 40 ) enter and cross over to he bedside table . nurse how would we do ? the nurse see that Leonard have barely touch he food . nurse ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) you have to eat something . it may not be gourmet , but you do not look that finicky . leonard this stuff feel like shit in my mouth . nurse it 's macaroni and cheese . leonard it feel gross . like there 's a film on my tongue . the nurse grab the tray of food . she remove a untouched apple and place it in Leonard 's hand . leonard ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I do not like apple . nurse so , you can not taste it , right ? maybe you will like the crunch . the nurse exit . Leonard eye the apple in he hand . a beat . he reluctantly take a bite . the apple make a loud crunch . Leonard start chew . after a few second , a smile come to he face . he like it . int . jacob be bedroom - same time Jacob lie in bed , hold rudy 's old baseball glove . he bring the glove to he nose , and a flood of old memory come back to he . Jacob rise , cross over to the closet and remove a metal lock BOX . he select 666 for the combination and the box open . Jacob remove the content ; baseball card , some firecracker , a few ticket stub and a photograph of he and rudy at age 5 . he can not help but smile . 25 . int . jacob be home - live room - same time gabe artunian cross over to Jim . gabe I be leave , Jim . again , so sorry . as gabe turn to leave . jim gabe , be you still interested in buy the land ? because I accept you offer . gabe this be hardly the time to talk business . jim buy the wood , gabe , please . tear they down and build . build house , condo , a 7 - 11 , I do not care . I just do not want to recognize it ever again . off gabe 's look - sfx over shot : buz chain saw smash CUT to : ext . wood - three week later - afternoon tight on a chain saw chopping down a tree . widen to reveal a construction crew , tear down the last of the wood . row and row of stump make it look like a graveyard for tree . malee ( o.s. ) it 's go ! it 's all go ! we find malee and Jacob , straddle they bike a few foot away from the site . Leonard be beside they on a scooter . he as a band - aid on he forehead . malee ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) if rudy be alive , he would be freaking out right now . Leonard shoot malee a look . she silence herself . ( continued ) 26 . continued : leonard you hold up alright , Jacob ? Jacob shrug . leonard ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I be sorry . I wish I could have do something . jacob Jeff and Kenny be the one that start the fire . it be they fault . or maybe mine . I should of be there . malee you would not have be able to do anything . and it could have be you who die . jacob I wish it be . you know the last thing rudy say to I ? he say , I can not be a pussy all my life . he be right , I be . and rudy might be dead because of it . malee do not say that . ( beat ) why do not you talk to you parent about this ? jacob they can not help I . malee give they time . it will get better . jacob what if it do not ? my dad have not go back to work yet . what if he lose he job . we could lose we house . I could be homeless . malee then you will stay with I . leonard or I . ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 2 ) jacob we be best friend . we ... suddenly , something catch malee 's attention off screen . it 's gus , stand beside a bulldozer . malee oh my God . jacob what ? malee that guy . I like know he . he 's one of my mother 's patient . leonard so ? malee I have never see a patient of hers actually out and about . ( beat ) should we go over and say " hi " ? jacob I just want to get out of here . Leonard and Jacob start head off . malee stay for a beat , eyeing Gus as he remove he T-shirt and expose he rock abs . she be obviously turn on . leonard you come , malee ? int . leonard be home - kitchen - later that afternoon Leonard enter to find Grace , place a casserole dish on the table . the table be fill with a cornucopia of food . leonard be we have company ? grace no , this be all for you . you favorite ; fry chicken , spaghetti , pizza , french fries , and chocolate cheesecake for dessert . I make everything extra spicy , so you can taste it . ( continued ) 28 . continued : leonard ma , it do not matter how spicy the food be . grace so you be not even gonna try it ? leonard I be sure it 's delicious . grace forget it . do not eat . Grace put the plate of food into the sink . grace ( cont would ) you can not just eat apple all the time . leonard why not ? grace ( beat , search ) it 's unhealthy . off Leonard 's confusion - sfx over shot : school bell ext . jefferson junior high school - day later - morning student make they way inside for the first day of school . there be a sign out front , which read : welcome back . int . classroom - same time a teacher walk along the line of desk , show student they assign seat . teacher Tommy wallace . Tommy take he seat . teacher ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Jacob carge . Jacob take he seat . teacher ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) rudy carge . ( continued ) 29 . continued : Jacob along with he classmate be shocked to discover that rudy 's name have not be remove from the attendance sheet . the teacher be unaware of the mistake . teacher ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) rudy carge . hello ? Tommy look to Jacob . since rudy 's not say anything , he will . tommy he 's not in this class anymore . teacher how do you know ? jacob Cause he 's dead . teacher I realize be new at this school put I at a disadvantage , but joke about a fellow classmate 's death be anything but funny , mr.... the teacher check she attendance sheet . teacher ( cont would ) ... carge . wait , be you ... jacob I be he brother . be . and I be not joke . he 's dead . the teacher look around at the other student , realize Jacob be tell the truth . teacher I be so sorry . wow , this be awkward . would you like the seat leave empty ? jacob why ? teacher in memory . off Jacob 's look - 30 . int . school gymnasium - later that day coach gilmore ( 55 ) , overweight , gym teacher , dress in a jogging suit , snap gum while address he student . the class of boy stand up against the wall . Leonard be amongst they . his gym uniform barely fit . coach alright , lady , welcome to gym . we will be start thing off this year with the United States standardize fitness test . the entire class groan . coach ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I be sure you all remember it from last year . I will be testing you in a number of physical fitness area . as coach speak , Leonard look as if he 's go to throw up . smash CUT to : on chin up bar - moment later a student perform chin up with great ease . coach ( v.o. ) the state 's requirement for upper body strength be ten chin up . the student finish he run with a count of twelve . he hop off the bar and cross over to he classmate . coach ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Leonard , you be up . Leonard cross to the chin - up bar , grab a hold of it and begin struggle to lift himself up . unfortunately , he can only manage 1 / 8th of a inch . Leonard drop off the bar , exhaust . coach ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) what be you do , let 's go ! leonard that be as far as I could pull myself up . ( continued ) 31 . continued : a few student laugh . coach shake he head , disgust . smash CUT to : on a student do situp - later coach stand over the boy , timing he with a stop watch . coach ten second . you need forty to pass . the student increase he speed . coach ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) time . 42 . good job . the student rise off the mat and walk over to the other boy . Leonard enter frame and drop on the mat like a ton of brick . coach ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) ( roll he eye ) go! Leonard struggle to lift himself up but , he can not do it . coach ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) come on , son , fight it . Leonard 's face turn red . he clenches he tooth . unfortunately , due to the pressure he be exerting , he blow a loud fart . the gym erupt with laughter . ext . school ground - track - later the coach and he student stand at the beginning of the track , wait for Leonard to finish he lap . Leonard slowly walk over . he be soaking wet and breathe heavy . coach 23 minute . leonard not bad . coach the goal be 8 . the class can not help but laugh . ( continued ) 32 . continued : coach ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) hit the shower . the class walk off . coach ( cont would ) not you Leonard . Leonard turn back and cross over to the coach . coach ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Center . that 's the position you will be play in two year . leonard football ? coach you do not like football ? leonard I love it . it 's just I will never make the weight requirement . pop Warner league would not let I play for five year because of it . coach there 's no weight requirement in high school ball , son . the coach bend down and rifle through he gym bag . he remove 2 book and hand they to Leonard . coach ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) this be you new bible . leonard book ? coach one be on nutrition , the other exercise . you do what they say , and you can play for I once you get to high school . leonard thanks . Leonard begin walk back to the gym . after a few step , he stop and turn back . ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 2 ) leonard ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) coach , why be you do this for I ? coach because I have never see a child so out of shape in my life . int . school auditorium - later that day the school band be on stage and play a particularly horrendous rendition of the STAR spangled banner . we find malee in the flute section , play she heart out . the conductor , mr. farmer ( 40 ) overly energetic and dorky , wave he baton , silencing the band . mr farmer ( annoyed ) do anyone practice over the summer ? the band sit silent . mr. farmer great . well , we still have a fall recital come up . if anyone would like to perform a solo , sign up on the sheet outside my office . class dismiss . off malee , weigh the decision in she mind . int . school hallway - moment later malee stand outside Mr. Farmer 's office , stare at the sign up sheet on he door . after a beat , she lift she pen to sign she name . before she write it , she stop , quickly turn around and walk away . after a beat , malee return to the sign up sheet and start write she name . halfway through , she stop , scratch out she name and walk off . we remain on the sign up sheet . after a few second , malee 's hand enter the shot and write in she name . int . jacob be home - den - evening Jacob enter to find Jim and Ashley fight . ( continued ) 34 . continued : ashley no , they be wrong . call they back . jim Ashley , I talk to the lawyer . he would not lie . jacob what 's go on ? ashley this be all you fault . jim I ? ashley if we have go to the hearing like I say , this would not be happen . jim we agree it would be too painful . ashley you agree . jacob Mom , what happen ? Ashley turn to Jacob as if realize he presence for the first time . ashley tell he . tell you son . jim the boy who kill rudy cut a deal . they get a year in juvinile hall and five year probation . ashley a year . that 's what you brother 's life be worth . a damn year ! jim Ashley , calm down ! ashley how can you be so unaffected by this ! how ? we son be murder ! ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 2 ) jim ( measure ) it be a accident , and the boy be juvenile . ashley so that make it okay ? Ashley storm out of the room . Jacob look to he father , unnerve by the sight of he mother so upset . Jim just turn and walk into the live room . fade to black : sfx over black : alarm clock fade in : int . leonard bedroom - early morning Leonard awaken and silence the alarm . he sit up in bed for a moment and come to he sense . ext . leonard be home - moment later dress in a sweat suit and sneaker , Leonard sprint down the driveway and to the street . his sweat suit be so tight , Leonard look like a stuff sausage . with each step he take , Leonard breathe become heavier and heavier . sweat form on he forehead and drip down he face . within second , Leonard 's pace taper off . he struggle to continue but be so out of shape , stop be inevitable . Leonard lean over , gasp for air . he look back and realize that he only run about one hundred yard . in fact , he house be still in view . Leonard turn around and start walk back home . after a few step , he stop and throw up . ext . construction site - day later - afternoon Gus stand inside of a shallow ditch , digging out the root of a old tree . malee ( o.s. ) do not I know you ? ( continued ) 36 . continued : Gus turn and see malee behind he , hold a picnic basket . gus Dr. chung 's daughter . malee you remember . we be never introduce . my name be malee . gus gus. they shake hand . gus ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) what be you do here ? malee I be in the mood for a picnic . I think this would be a nice place to have one . Gus look around , confuse . this location be anything but picnic friendly . bulldozer plough through the scene , blast exhaust into the air . Men scream at each other . worker ( o.s. ) asshole , move you fuck truck ! malee would you like to join I ? there 's plenty of food . gus I do not go to lunch for another ten minute . malee I will wait . meet I by the cement mixer when you be ready . malee walk off . Gus watch as she make she way through the construction site . ext . construction site - another area - ten minute later Gus and malee sit on a checker blanket , eat chinese food with chopstick . a large cement mixer stand behind they . ( continued ) 37 . continued : gus the last time I see you , you have just come from a funeral . how be you do ? malee okay . death be like so weird . I mean , it 's sad , but I also feel like I have be give this sign . a sign which be tell I , life be short , so you gotta do what make you happy . you gotta take chance . you gotta get crazy . gus what be you do to " get crazy " ? malee I play the flute . gus ( laugh ) yeah , that 's totally nut . malee no , not that . see , every year my school have this recital . I have always be too scared to play a solo in front of people , but this year I have decide to do it . gus good for you . when be it ? malee why do you care ? gus Cause I be gonna go . malee what ? you can not go ! nobody go to this thing . I do not even think my mom be go . gus you gotta have somebody root for ya . besides , I like music , and I owe you for bring I lunch . ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 2 ) malee ( laugh , embarrassed ) okay . Tuesday at 8:30 in the junior high school auditorium . gus I will be there . malee ( vulnerable ) do not say it if you do not mean it . gus I will be there . Front row . malee smile . she 's get a major crush on Gus now . CUT to : tight on tv : video game - halo . two soldier fire at each other with supersonic weapon . one soldier be particularly annihilate . game over appear . int . carge live room . day reveal Jacob and Leonard in front of the tv . malee off to the side , read a book . leonard I can not believe how much you suck at this game . Jacob throw he remote down . leonard ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) you wanna play again ? jacob no . the boy sit in silence for a beat . leonard you wanna shoot some hoop ? jacob no. ( beat ) the sentencing thing totally upset my mom . she be up half the night , cry . ( continued ) 39 . continued : malee close she book , look over at leanord . leonard I can not believe it either . a year be not shit ! rudy be dead forever . jacob I want they dead . I want to kill they . I could handle a year in juvy hall . malee whoa , what that guy do be a accident . if you be to kill they , it 's premedicate . you would get 20 year to life at least . jacob so I be just suppose to sit here and take it ? be like you guy . leonard what be that suppose to mean ? jacob you seem to have go on with life pretty easily . do not you miss he ? do not you care ? malee it 's not that we do not care . it 's just ... jacob life go on . malee it do . you have to deal with it . if you do not , it could like eat you alive forever . 90 percent of people 's problem be due to they inability to get over the past . leonard how do you know ? malee my mom tell that to all she patient . I have eavesdrop on some of she therapy session . ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 2 ) leonard that 's awesome . can I listen in sometime ? malee no. anyway , she say , if a person want closure , they gotta deal with they problem head on . go see this guy and let they know how you feel . jacob I do not think my parent would be up for that . malee go alone . juvy hall be only like forty minute from here . take the bus . off Jacob , think - int . jacob' parent bedroom - later that afternoon the bedroom door slowly open . Jacob peek he head inside the darken room and quietly enter . he tip toe over to he parent 's bed . Ashley lie asleep , wrap up in a bundle of blanket . Jacob cross to she night stand and open the top drawer . he remove she purse , unzip it and steal some cash , which total around 60 dollar . int . carge live room - moment later Jim sit in he chair , stare off into space . Jacob enter and cross to the front door . jacob bye , dad . ext . bus station - moment later with the help of the bus driver , Jacob load he bike into the luggage compartment underneath the bus . then he hand the driver a ticket and board . Jacob take a seat up front . after a few moment , the driver board , start the engine and drive off . 41 . int . juvinile hall - conversation booth - later Jacob and Kenny sit , stare at each other through a plate of glass . Kenny pick up the one way phone . Jacob do also . jacob where 's Jeff ? kenny he 's sick . I think he ... jacob ( interrupt ) I hate you . you know that ? you bastard . kenny rudy know we be go to be there . he never should have come . you want the truth , all this happen cause of you . jacob I ? kenny yeah , you deform retard ! the only reason we start pick on you guy in the first place be because of that thing on you face . jacob every night , I lie in bed and plan you murder . kenny I be shaking . jacob first I be go to take a kitchen knife and chop off you finger then you nose then you tongue . then I be gonna poke out you eye with the end of a broomstick . well , not really poke they out , but I be gonna push they back into you brain . then I be gonna take scissors and cut off you ear . when they find you , it 's gonna be like put a jigsaw puzzle back together . ( continued ) 42 . continued : kenny if you kill I , you come here . jacob so ? what do I have to look forward to ? you have already destroy my life . kenny what happen be a accident . jacob there be no accident . you be gonna pay for what you do . and it 's gonna hurt like hell . int . leonard bedroom - night Leonard sit , read through nutritional manual . we see that he be write thing down on a piece of paper . the word write be : sugar , corn syrup , salt , gum . int . leonard be home - hallway / kitchen - later Grace walk through the hallway half asleep . she enter the kitchen and find Leonard , sit on the floor , surround by box of food . all of the kitchen cupboard be open and package line the counter top . grace what the hell be this ? leonard I be read the list of ingredient in we food . grace why ? leonard Research . do you know the damage this chemical can do to the human body ? grace Leonard , put everything back . leonard this be serious . you can not keep buy this crap . do not you care that you be ingest garbage ? ( continued ) 43 . continued : grace just put everything back and go to sleep . off Leonard 's look - ext . STREET - next day - afternoon malee be riding she bike on the sidewalk when she see Gus , exit he car and enter she mother 's office . int . stairwell / hallway - moment later malee run up a flight of stair . she get off at the second floor and enter a open , unoccupy office . int . unoccupied office - continuous malee run over to the heating grate and put she ear to it . yacco ( from below ) how be you week ? gus ( from below ) same . still can not sleep . when I do , nightmare . int . yacco' office - same time yacco and Gus sit across from each other . yacco Post traumatic stress be very common in you line of work . many fire fighter go through this . gus yeah . but why now ? I have not fight fire in ten year . yacco sometimes we experience something so horrific , we memory block it out . that way we will not have to relive the pain . it 's call repression . we body be not so forgive , however . Inside , we feel the effect of trauma even when we do not know why . gus what do that mean ? ( continued ) 44 . continued : yacco something stir you unconscious . if we find out what that be , we can begin the heal process . Gus look to she , confuse . yacco ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) you tell I last week , the nightmare start about the time you move here . let 's look at that . why do you move here ? gus a friend be make good money with construction . he get a offer to build that extension off Lindsay acre . he suggest I come into town and work for a while . int . upstair office - same time malee be on the edge of she seat , listen . we see that she have write the follow word in she notebook : gus - nightmare - FIRE . yacco ( from below ) be there any other reoccur element in you dream . perhaps , a face or ... int . yacco' office - same time gus " Light my Fire " be always play . yacco what ? gus Light my fire . the Doors song . ( sing ) " Da da something ... wallow in the mire ... Da , da ... we could not get much higher . come on baby light my fire . yacco stare at Gus . he be suddenly self conscious . yacco interesting . 45 . int . upstair office - same time malee circle the word " Light my Fire " again and again and again . int . jacob be home - upstair hallway - day later - evening sfx : clanging pot and pan , come from downstairs . Jacob exit he room and go to inspect the noise . int . jacob be home - kitchen - moment later Jim stand on a chair , clean out the kitchen cupboard . pot and pan line the counter top , dish cover the table and non perishable food be spread out across the floor . Jacob enter and be take aback by the sight of Jim stand on a chair and wear a apron and rubber glove . jacob dad ? jim Jacob . jacob you okay ? jim fantastic . Jim rip the rubber glove off with he tooth . jim ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) you know , for the past few week , I sit in this house . I could not move . everything remind I of rudy . then from out of nowhere I have a revelation . I be alive ! you mother be alive ! I become overcome with joy because I realize how lucky we be to still have you . jacob I ? jim Jacob . I love you . ( continued ) 46 . continued : Jim grab Jacob and hug he tightly . Jacob pull away , unsettle and bit frighten . jim ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) ( half craze ) I go to work today . for the first time in week . it be as if I have just get out of college ! I be fearless ! I go after account I have avoid for year because I think they be out of my league . I speak to president , vice president , business manager , sale rep . I be amazing . I be magic . but when I come home to share the news with you mother , I discover she asleep . when I look around the house , I realize that she " office " , for lack of a better word , be also pile up . so , I take to the house . I have make it my duty to clean this place from top to bottom . even if it take I all night , I do not care . Jacob ? jacob ( frighten ) yeah ? jim will you join I ? join I in this celebration of life . a symbolic gesture of clean out the old and bring in the new . jacob do I have to ? jim ( throw for a loop ) no , you do not have to . jacob good night , dad . off Jim 's look - ext . junior high school auditorium - day later - night Parents and student file inside . a large sign above the door read , jefferson junior high fall recital . 47 . int . school auditorium - continuous a pack audience listen to a girl ( 12 ) , stand center stage and sing " the Rose " . she be not nearly as good as she think she be , but she sing full throttle . we find malee , sit in the flute section and play along with the rest of the orchestra . she look to the front row , but Gus be no where to be find . the girl finish she song , and the crowd politely applaud . Mr. Farmer cross to the microphone . mr. farmer I be sure bette midler would be most impressed with that rendition . the crowd laugh . Mr. Farmer do not mean for it to be a joke . mr. farmer ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) anyway , we next soloist be malee chung . she will play the theme from " Love Story " on the flute . the crowd applaud as malee rise and cross to the microphone . malee thank you , Mr. Farmer . malee spot Gus , walk down the aisle . he scurries into the front row and sit . malee light up . malee ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) there 's actually be a change . I be not go to play the theme from " Love Story " . um ... this be a song ... Mr. Farmer , wave to malee from off stage . malee look at he . Mr. Farmer mouth something to she . malee ( into microphone ) ( cont 'd ) ( to Mr. Farmer ) what ? I can not hear you ? Mr. Farmer throw up he hand . ( continued ) 48 . continued : malee ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) anyway . this be a song by the Doors . at the mention of the Doors , Gus ' smile instantly fade . the coincidence be just too great . malee start to play " Light my Fire " . she be good . Mr. Farmer and the audience seem pleased by she euphonious performance . even Gus be win over . he appear entrance by the music . int . school auditorium - later that night the recital be over . most of the audience have file out . a few remain , offer they congratulation to the musician . malee stand with Leonard . malee where 's Jacob ? leonard could not make it . he ... gus ( o.s. ) malee . malee spot Gus , head towards she . malee oh my God ! he 's come over . leonard who ? malee shut up ! leave now . malee push Leonard behind she just as Gus approach . gus you be awesome . malee really ? be honest . I would rather you tell I I suck then lie . gus you be great . Leonard peek around malee 's back . ( continued ) 49 . continued : malee Excuse I for a second . malee turn around and pinch Leonard . leonard ow , ow , ow alright . I be go . Leonard walk off . malee turn back around with a big smile on she face . she play coy . malee so you really enjoy it ? gus yeah . good song . what make you pick it ? malee ( cover ) oh , uh ... my mother be hum it all last week . Big Doors fan . gus really ? be she here ? malee no . gus she miss out . malee you be so sweet . gus yeah well , I have to go , but thanks again . I have a great time . Gus give malee a innocent kiss on the check and then walk off . malee melt . she stand freeze , clutching onto she flute in ecstacy . ext . STREET - morning with fire and determination , Leonard jog . unfortunately , he be quickly wind by the run . he bend over , gasp . superimpose shot over shot : Leonard appear , run past he old , weaker self . stronger , he make a few more yard and then be force to stop . ( continued ) 50 . continued : he lean over for air , and we superimpose another shot over shot of Leonard , week later , run past he weaker self . ( this series of shot repeat a few more time , illustrate the progression of time and weight loss . ) int . leonard be home - staircase / kitchen - day Leonard run up and down the stair , sweat like crazy . Grace appear , watch he around the corner . she shake she head and then return to the kitchen . grace that boy be go to bring the entire house down . patrick let he be . he 's look good . I be proud of he . grace ( to the girl ) Girls , have you decide what you be go to go as for Halloween ? SARA either a witch or a princess . grace that 's nice . Haley ? haley I be go to go as a marble . grace what do you mean , a marble ? haley you know , like a bag of marble , but just one marble . int . juvy hall - conversation booths - late afternoon Jacob and Jeff sit across from each other on the phone . Jeff have two black eye and a fat lip . he be cry profusely . Jacob do not appear at all sympathetic . jeff I be really sorry , man . I ... ( continued ) 51 . continued : jacob you just think about what I say . get out of my sight . and send Kenny in on you way out . Jeff rise and walk to a door , lead to the jail . a moment later , Kenny enter , look piss off . he sit across from Jacob and pick up the phone . kenny what do you say to he ? jacob I think you would both like to know that Halloween be rudy 's favorite holiday . Jacob pick up some picture and press they against the glass . jacob ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) this be picture from every single Halloween since we be five . you see how happy he be ? kenny stop it . jacob after we would go trick or treat , we would sit in we room and swap the candy we hate . rudy love snicker , I almond Joys . kenny almond Joy suck . jacob what suck be that I will never get to sit in my room and swap candy with my brother ever again . thanks to you . kenny why be you do this ? jacob to remind you . ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) kenny how could we forget ? you be come here for month to " remind we " . jacob no one be force you to talk to I . kenny anything to get out of my cell . jacob be you cell small ? kenny yes . jacob so be a coffin . kenny you be not the only one who wish he be still alive . I would do anything to bring he back , but I can not . it 's not easy be in here . Hell , you see Jeff . jacob what happen to he ? kenny he piss off the wrong guy off . Jeff be totally fuck right now . jacob good . kenny do not come back here ever again . jacob free country . I will come if I want . kenny do not expect I to show up . Kenny slam down the phone and exit . Jacob smile , have shake he . 53 . int . leonard be home - front door - that night Grace hand out candy to a few trick or treater at she door . grace be careful now . have a good night . int . kitchen - continuous Grace cross to the kitchen table where Pat be do a crossword puzzle . grace kid keep come later every year . sfx : front door , open and close . Haley and Sara storm into the kitchen in tear . Haley be dress as a marble , and Sara be dress as a witch . haley I hate he ! I hate he ! grace who ? what happen ? haley Leonard ! he throw away all we Halloween candy . grace / patrick what ? SARA he grab we bag and just throw they down a gutter . Leonard enter . Haley and Sara run out of the kitchen . patrick what the hell be go on ? why do you throw away they candy ? leonard because they sugar intake be completely unhealthy . besides , Halloween be suppose to be a celebration of evil . how do candy get wrap into it ? ( continued ) 54 . continued : grace I be go to ask you this once , and I want a straight answer . be you in a cult ? patrick Grace ! grace this be what happen when kid join cult . the first thing they change be they diet . leonard I be not in a cult . this be all information you can find in book . grace the issue here be that you have steal one of the most exciting night of the year from you sister . patrick if anybody have do this to you when you be a child , we never would have hear the end of it . leonard I wish somebody have do it to I . I wish either one of you have give a shit about my weight . Leonard storm out of the kitchen . Patrick and Grace be speechless . int . leonard be room - moment later Leonard lie on the floor , do sit-up . he can actually do a few now . Patrick burst into the room . patrick I do not care for you language . leonard I be only try to help you guy . Leonard stop exercise . leonard ( cont would ) you be fat dad . Mom be fat . we kid be fat . ( continued ) 55 . continued : patrick what 's you point ? leonard dad , you and mom be go to die young if you keep eat as poorly as you do . patrick what be this obsession you have with weight ? leonard the coach for jefferson High be also my gym teacher . he tell I that if I get into shape , I could start as center for the freshman team when I get to high school . patrick Center be a great position . toughest guy on the field . a good center can make or break a team . leonard I know . that 's why I be try so hard to get into shape . you guy should to . at the rate you be go , you will not make it to you 60' . patrick look , Leonard . you mom , to she , a tasty meal be just a way of show she care . leonard she do not ! tonight she serve spaghetti and meatball from a can . the amount of sodium alone can wreck havoc on a person 's blood pressure . not to mention ... patrick Leonard , people just do not drop dead from eat meatball . off Leonard 's look - ext . construction site - day later - afternoon malee hand Gus she bag of Halloween candy . ( continued ) 56 . continued : gus I can not take you Halloween candy . malee you will be do I a favor . chocolate give you zit . besides , if I want to keep this firm ass as a adult , I gotta develop good eat habit now . gus ( uncomfortable ) maybe just a snicker . Gus open a snicker bar and start eat . malee so work be good ? gus to be honest , I can not wait till this job be finish . this place be creepy . you know , a boy die here like right before we start work . malee rudy . his name be rudy . gus you know he ? malee he be one of my best friend . remember that funeral I go to ? gus that be he ? malee I think you know . two boy throw a flame cocktail at he . can you imagine kill someone like that ? how evil can you get ? Gus eye malee , completely unsettle . int . apartment build - night obviously drunk , Gus stumble to he front door . he fumble for he key and enter . 57 . int . gus' apartment - bedroom - later Gus lie in bed with a bottle of whiskey in one hand and a gun in the other . distraught and at the point of tear , Gus open the chamber and load the gun with a single bullet . then he spin the chamber and lock it . Gus put the gun to he head and fire . nothing . he throw the gun across the room , grab the bottle of whiskey and drink it till it 's go . int . jacob be home - kitchen - next morning Ashley stand with a big smile on she face . ashley Jeff laskey be dead . Jim and Jacob look up , stunne . jim what ? ashley he commit suicide in he jail cell last night . Sally yngve call just now to tell I . Jim and Jacob sit , stunne . they shock turn to intrigue as Ashley , appear unaffected by the news , cross to the kitchen table , open a nearby box of donut and begin eat . she be smile . jacob why be you smile ? a boy die . ashley no , a monster that murder my son die . justice be serve ; end of story . Ashley cross to the kitchen sink . she roll up she sleeve and begin clean . Jim cross over to she and they kiss as if nothing happen . Jacob be baffle by they behavior . int . juvy hall - communication booth - later that night Jacob and Kenny be on the phone together . Kenny look gaunt and tired . Jeff 's death have obviously affect he . ( continued ) 58 . continued : kenny he use he bed sheet , wait until light out and then jump . jacob that 's terrible . kenny his cell mate let he hang there the entire night . jacob I be sorry , Kenny . kenny like you even give a shit . I bet when you hear , you start dance . jacob no . kenny I know he would not make it . it 's my fault too . Jeff be not a saint when I meet he , but he sure as hell be not head here . ( tear up ) that fuck asshole ! Kenny drop the phone and begin cry in he arm . Jacob watch through the glass , touch by Kenny 's reaction . music over shot : upbeat christmas music int . jacob be home - live room - christmas morning Jacob sit on the floor , surround by box and wrapping paper . Santa have obviously be good to he . Jim sit on the couch , drift in and out of sleep . Ashley , dress in she finest Christmas sweater , peruse the fireplace mantel and all of the decoration that line it . she be a drastically different woman than the last time we see she . she look upbeat and pretty . jacob a ipod ! sweet ! Ashley look at Jacob and smile . he have just unwrapped a ipod . ( continued ) 59 . continued : ashley you like it ? jacob I love it . you guy go crazy this year . Ashley smile at she son . it 's a bittersweet moment for she . jim I be go to shower . ashley Jim , Jacob still have one more present . jim I think we be go to wait . jacob no , do it now ! now ! Ashley cross to the couch and sit beside Jim . they hold each other hand . ashley after serious debate , you father and I have decide ... to adopt a baby ! jacob what ? jim we be gonna adopt a baby . hopefully a boy . off Jacob 's shock - int . leonard be home - dine room - day Leonard 's extend family sit at the kitchen table , eat Christmas dinner . his extend family be just as overweight as he immediate . Leonard barely touch he own plate , too disgust to eat . he rise . leonard May I be excuse ? the entire family stop eat and turn to he . ( continued ) 60 . continued : grace no ! Leonard sit back down . his family quickly resume eat . int . malee' home - den - evening malee do she homework , yacoo flip through a fashion magazine . malee why do I have to do this ? it 's Christmas break . yacco you will be one step ahead in January . malee just because you be a atheist , I do not get to celebrate the holiday . yacco shoot malee the look of death . malee ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) do not you find it hard not believe in anything ? yacco malee . malee I be go for a bike ride . yacco there 's a foot of snow outside . malee the street be ploughed . besides , I like look at all the light . yacco be home in a hour . be careful . ext . 7- 11 parking lot - later that night malee flip through a telephone book . she come to Gus ' name and rip out the page . 61 . int . gus ' apartment build - outside he door - later malee knock on Gus ' door , but he do not answer . then malee spot a welcome mat . she kick it aside and discover a spare key underneath . int . gus' apartment - continuous malee cautiously enter , shutting the door behind she . a beat . she allow the excitement to settle in . it 's you typical bachelor pad . stray beer bottle decorate every shelf and end table . dirty clothes drape across a old couch . malee continue on to the kitchen . int . gus ' apartment - kitchen - continuous malee find the kitchen more of a mess than the live room . pot , pan and stack of tv dinner line the counter top . int . gus' apartment - bedroom - moment later malee enter and stop cold at the sight of the bed . its unmade and the sheet and blanket be entangle in a ball . arouse , malee sit on the bed and then lie back in ecstacy . ext . front of gus ' apartment build - same time Gus drive up , park along the sidewalk , and get out . int . gus' apartment - bedroom - same time malee go through a photo album . we see picture of Gus , dress in a firefighter 's uniform . he appear much young and clean cut . as malee return the album to the night stand , she notice a a open drawer and peek inside . int . apartment build - stairwell - same time Gus lazily make he way upstairs . int . gus' apartment - bedroom - same time malee hold Gus ' gun . complete with sound effect , she pretend to shoot a beer bottle off the dresser . malee laugh and then jump across the bed like a Charlie 's angel . 62 . int . apartment build - gus' front door - same time Gus fumble for he key . int . gus' apartment - bedroom - same time malee stand in front of the mirror , pose . malee freeze ! that 's right . malee laugh in spite of herself . in the process , she unknowingly cock the trigger . malee place the gun to she forehead and pretend to shoot herself . tight on trigger , a hair away from fire - sfx : bam ! int . gus ' apartment - front door - same time the loud bang we hear be the front door slamm shut . Gus open it and inspect the door frame . int . gus ' apartment - kitchen / bedroom - second later Gus remove a beer from the fridge . we follow he into he bedroom . he stop cold as if feel the presence of some one else there , but malee be nowhere to be find . Gus begin get undress . we follow he shirt to the floor and see malee , hide underneath he bed . sfx : footstep , door open , shower running malee look out from underneath the bed . she watch as the now naked Gus enter the shower stall in the bathroom . as the water fall upon Gus , malee rise from underneath the bed and cross over to he . int . gus ' apartment - bathroom - continuous from over Gus 's shoulder , we see malee approach . a inch away from Gus , malee reach out she hand to touch he . suddenly , Gus break down and start cry . unsettle , malee slowly retreat out of the bathroom . int . jacob be home - bedroom - next day malee , Leonard and Jacob sit , play life , the board game . ( continued ) 63 . continued : leonard do not worry , white male infant be the hardest to come by . 60 minute do a whole story on it . malee since when do you watch 60 minute ? leonard since I be in the hospital . they say , any adoption agency worth its salt have at least a three year wait list . by the time you parent get a kid , you will be in college . you think they will want to start over again with that baby shit ? jacob no , but it 's like they be try to replace rudy . leonard it do not matter cause it 's not gonna happen . malee have be silent this entire time . see a moment , she speak up . malee I be thirsty . ( to leanard ) can you get we some drink ? leonard why I ? malee because it 's the gentlemanly thing to do . jacob I will get the drink . malee I will go with you . leonard why be you all of a sudden go to get the drink ? ( continued ) 64 . continued : ( 2 ) malee ( bitchy ) because you have upset I , and I do not want to see you right now . Leonard look to Jacob . leonard Fine , I will get the drink . Leonard exit . malee turn to Jacob . malee I need a favor . it 's big . I need you to hide something for I . jacob hide what ? malee reach into she back pack . malee promise , you will not freak . jacob I will not . malee remove Gus ' gun . jacob ( cont would ) Holy shit ! malee you say , you would not freak ! jacob that 's a gun . malee I know . jacob where would you get it ? malee I can not tell you . I just need you to hide it for a while . when all be cool , I will come for it . jacob why can not you keep it ? ( continued ) 65 . continued : ( 3 ) malee my mother be a total snoop . she go through my stuff like all the time . ( beat ) please , Jacob . somebody 's life might depend on it . Jacob cross to he closet , remove he metal lock BOX and open it . Jacob take the gun and place it inside . jacob be it load ? malee no , but I do have some bullet . malee reach into she backpack and remove the bullet . Jacob take they out and put they in the lock box . malee ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) sure you parent will not find it ? jacob nobody have the combination , but I . besides , I could be building a bomb in here , and they would not even know . off Jacob , lock the box up . fade to black : fade in : ext . STREET - month later - morning on two feet , run . we reveal that it 's leonard . his once skin tight sweat suit , hang off of he . more than just skinny , Leonard be in perfect shape . he run fast , carefully avoid puddle of melting snow . ( spring be fast on the horizon . ) int . juvy hall - conversation booth - next day Jacob and Kenny talk via one way phone . they demeanor have change since last we see they . no longer fraught with contempt and acrimony , they speak like two old friend . jacob I send in some comic for ya . the x-man one be pretty sweet . ( continued ) 66 . continued : kenny that last batch be awesome . Jacob check he watch . jacob I better get go , I do not want to miss my bus . kenny before you go , I get some news . apparently , the parole board feel I have be a model prisoner , so they be give I early release . jacob what ? how can they do that ? kenny I do not know . they just do . you be piss , be not you ? I know you would be . ( off Jacob 's silence ) it be a accident , Jacob . jacob so you be get out . gonna head back to school , or ... kenny fuck school . I be go to live with my dad in New Mexico . he 's work on a ranch out there . jacob you can not leave the state . that violate you probation . you will have to ... kenny my dad will not tell anyone . no one will even care I be out there . jacob you mom will . kenny Jacob , in the entire time I have be lock up , you be the only one who come to see I . trust I , she will not care . 67 . int . malee' home - kitchen - afternoon malee fan out a fist full of twenty dollar bill . malee 200 dollar ! dad send I 200 dollar ! yacco , smile , get ready for work . malee ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I have to call he . yacco no! ( cover ) you father ... go out . he 's not home right now . malee eye she mother , suspicious . malee you be act weird . what 's go on ? yacco nothing . malee well , do you want to come with I to the mall and spend it ? yacco I would prefer it if you would put that money in the bank . ( off malee 's look ) Fine , spend it . you will have to do it alone though . I have a patient this afternoon . have a good day . yacco exit the kitchen . malee look at she cash and smile . int . leonard be home - kitchen - same time Leonard , Patrick and Grace sit at the kitchen table . patrick here 's the deal . you know how my company fly I to Florida every April ? ( continued ) 68 . continued : leonard you and I have be go since I be eight . it 's the guy 's week off . patrick this year , I be take the girl . just the girl . you be stay home . leonard why can not we all go ? grace I be not stay here all alone . besides , you say it yourself , you have be go for year . give you sister a chance . Leonard eye he mother with hatred . leonard whatever . ( beat ) I need money . patrick what for ? leonard clothes . nothing I have fit anymore . grace you father and I be not rich . you can not get a new wardrobe anytime you want . leonard what be I suppose to do , go to school naked ? grace wear a belt . patrick I will give he some cash , he can get some clothes . grace no . he 's gonna gain all he weight back in a few month . ( more ) ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 2 ) grace ( cont would ) then what , we have to buy he new clothes all over again ? obviously hurt , Leonard storm out of the kitchen . patrick Grace . grace what ? it 's true . Grace exit the kitchen . jacob ( o.s. ) I think you hate go to Florida ? ext . jacob be front lawn - later Leonard and Jacob play catch with a football . leonard when I be fat . now I do not have to wear a T-shirt when I go swim . who know , maybe I could even get lucky . jacob you be still ugly , though . Leonard punch Jacob 's arm in fun . leonard I do not understand what my mother 's problem be . it 's like the thin I get , the more she hate I . jacob she 's probably jealous . maybe you should put she on that diet . leonard anytime I mention it , my mother go crazy . jacob if you really want she to drop a few ton , put she in jail . Kenny 's lose about 30 pound since he 's be incarcerate , and he be already thin . ( continued ) 70 . continued : leonard really ? jacob yeah . jail be the perfect weight loss program . you take a fat tub , throw they in a room and force they to eat right and exercise . do not let they out till they do . off Leonard , think - int . malee' home - bedroom - night yacco enter malee 's room . yacco malee , dinner ! yacco notice a number of department store bag strewn everywhere . yacco ( cont would ) malee ? ( notice something ) oh my God ! reveal malee , stand across the room . she be no longer the gawky , adolescent girl . Rather , she have be transformed into a beautiful young woman . her glass have be replace by contact , and she braid pig tail by a quaff of chin length curl . yacco ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) what do you do ? malee I get a new look . you know , for spring . what do you think ? malee spin around , give yacco the full picture . yacco you look ... malee beautiful ? yacco different . what happen to you glass ? ( continued ) 71 . continued : malee contact . it take I like forty five minute to get they in , but beauty be pain . yacco honey , in the future , I would like to know if you be go to radically change you appearance . clean you stuff up and come down for dinner . yacco exit . malee look in the mirror , deflate . ext . construction site - afternoon Gus watch a cement truck , dump cement into a foundation . once the cement be pour , the truck pull forward . malee be reveal , stand there and hold a picnic basket . Gus see the new and improve malee for the first time . his jaw drop . gus malee ? my God , you look ... malee different ? gus beautiful . you look beautiful . off malee 's smile - ext . construction site - another area - later Gus and malee eat they lunch . malee I feel like I need a change , you know ? gus I bet you be drive the boy at school wild . malee boy my age be so immature . I be more attract to older gentleman . malee smile at Gus . he know where this be go , and he 's suddenly nervous . ( continued ) 72 . continued : gus you do not want somebody that much older than you . a age difference can cause problem . malee what kind of problem ? gus a lot of time when a couple have a age difference , they wind up split up because they want different thing . malee you mean sex . gus no . Gus catch a look of relief on malee 's face . gus ( cont would ) I mean , yeah . you may be 13 , but a boy even three year older than you be probably more " experience " . boy can be impatient about that sort of thing . malee be you impatient ? gus no , but when I be a kid . malee why do not you have a girlfriend ? gus I do , but it do not work out . malee how old be she ? gus about my age . malee see that , age be not a issue , yet you still want different thing . I do not think it 's about age . ( more ) ( continued ) 73 . continued : ( 2 ) malee ( cont would ) I think when two people connect , they connect for other reason . and since soulmate be eternal , they have no age . Gus be stump . ext . leonard driveway - next day Leonard watch Patrick and he sister drive off in a taxicab . leonard ( call after they ) have a good flight ! the taxicab disappear down the street . as Leonard turn back around , he see Grace , stare at he from the window . they lock eye for a moment and then Grace disappear into the dark recess of the home . int . leonard be home - basement - night Leonard descend the staircase and begin look around at the set . box of junk clutter the floor along with old furniture and bicycle . he cross to the basement door , which lead out to the backyard . as Leonard unlock and open the door , a mass of cobweb stretch across the frame like elastic band . Leonard grab a nearby broom and start wiping away the cobweb . int . jacob be home - bedroom - day later Jacob sit at he desk , read the plastic surgery pamphlet he parent have give he for he birthday last year . the bedroom door open and Ashley stick she head in . ashley we be home . jacob hi. ashley could you come downstairs for a minute . we have a surprise for you . 74 . int . jacob be home - kitchen - moment later Jacob stand in front of keith gardner ( 10 ) , African american , sweet face and dress in a shirt and tie . he have luggage with he . Ashley and Jim stand behind the boy , beam . jim this be keith gardner . you be new brother . keith we son , Jacob . keith extend he hand . keith it 's nice to meet you . int . jacob be home - bedroom - later Jacob lead keith inside . jacob you get top bunk . keith I be kind of afraid of height . jacob suck to be you . keith let Jacob 's attitude pass . jacob ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) no offence , but I never think my future brother would be a ... well , a " brother " . keith I never think my future brother would have a kool aid stain , smear across he face . jacob fuck you , it 's a birthmark ! keith we be get off on the wrong foot . ( continued ) 75 . continued : jacob when my parent say they be take in a orphan , I picture a baby . so what happen , you parent die or something ? keith I be give up at birth . jacob you gonna try and find you mother when you be 18 ? keith as far as I be concerned , the fact she have I be enough . I do not need to show up one day and disrupt she life . jacob oh , but it 's okay to just show up one day and disrupt mine ? off keith 's hurt look - int . library - later malee stand at the card catalogue , flipping through the " S " section . she come to card with the word sex in the title . int . malee' home - bedroom - early evening malee enter she room , lock the door behind she and empty she bag of sex book on the bed . the first one she peruse be the " karma sutra " . at first glance , malee 's eye go wide in shock . she grab she backpack and remove a number of index card . malee start take note . int . juvy hall - communication booths - next day Jacob be on the one way phone with Kenny . jacob he 's not some baby . he 's like 10 . kenny you be blame I for this ? jacob no . but can you believe it ? ( continued ) 76 . continued : kenny maybe this be the only way they can get over rudy 's death . jacob he 's a person not a fuck vase . kenny I know . jacob I gotta get out of there . I can not live in that house for one more day . I want to go with you to New Mexico . kenny no way . you have never even be out on the road . jacob so. kenny it 's not easy . after first night fall , you will be pissing yourself . jacob no , I will not . kenny you do not need I to run away from home . jacob that 's not what this be about . kenny yes , it be . ( beat ) and you want to come with I of all people . be you forget , I be the one who kill rudy ! jacob that be a accident . Kenny appear stunne . Jacob have never accept that truth . ( continued ) 77 . continued : ( 2 ) jacob ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I will be helpful . I can get everything we will need together . as soon as you be release , we can go . Kenny appear to be weigh the decision . jacob ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) please . kenny if this be what you want . alright . int . malee' home - kitchen - same time yacco be on the phone with she ex-husband . yacco ( into phone ) ... I be not ask for much . just call she from time to time ... because she need to know she father care ... call collect . malee enter the kitchen . malee be that dad ? can I talk to he ? yacco take some responsibility for yourself and grow ... hello ?... yacco slam the phone down . yacco ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) he hang up . malee well , what do you expect ? all you ever do be yell at he . yacco malee , you do not understand . malee he 's my dad ! I be sorry if it bother you , but I love he . you keep this up then one day , when I be old enough , I will leave here and go and stay with he . malee run out of the room , leave a disappointed yacco . 78 . int . leonard be home - basement - night Leonard hammer a piece of wood over the basement door , which be now entirely board up . reveal the basement . now clean . box , furniture and trash be pile neatly in a corner . only a mattress remain on the floor in the center of the room . Leonard grab a grocery bag and cross to a bathroom at the opposite end of the basement . int . leonard be home - basement bathroom - continuous Leonard turn on the light , revealing a shower , toilet and sink . he remove toiletry from the grocery bag and place they inside . int . leonard be home - den - same time Grace watch family feud while eat cake . leonard ( o.s. ) ( scream ) help ! oh God , ma! help ! Grace drop she fork . grace Leonard ? Grace jump up and run out of the room . int . leonard be home - hallway - continuous Grace open the door to the staircase , which lead to the basement . grace ( scream ) Leonard , what 's wrong ? leonard ( o.s. ) it 's on top of I . I can not get up ! oh , there 's so much blood ! grace I be call 9- 1 - 1 ! leonard ( o.s. ) get it off I first ! I be bleed . ( continued ) 79 . continued : grace if I go downstairs , I will not be able to make it back up . let I call 9 - 1 - 1 first , okay ? Leonard do not answer she . grace ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Leonard ? silence . grace ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) oh , Jesus ! Grace begin walk downstairs . due to she size , she have difficultly maneuver through the tight space . her inability to see she foot be not help matter . Grace make it downstairs , but Leonard be nowhere in sight . grace ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Leonard ? suddenly , Leonard burst through the bathroom door with a hammer in hand . he run past Grace and up the stair . grace ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) what the hell ? half way up the stair , Leonard stop and pries two of the step off the stair case with he hammer . this create a gap , make it virtually impossible for Grace to ascend . grace ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) what be you do ? I can not climb up now ! Leonard run upstairs and slam the door after he . grace ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Leonard ! Leonard ! ext . gus ' apartment build - same time malee watch as Gus enter he car and drive off . int . apartment build - hallway - second later malee cross to Gus ' door with a grocery bag in hand . she kick the welcome mat aside , pick up the spare key and enter . 80 . int . gus ' apartment - kitchen - continuous malee enter and remove a pair of rubber glove , a bottle of ammonia and trash bag . she start clean . int . leonard be home - basement - later that day Leonard descend the staircase , hold a tray of food . Grace instantly rise . leonard I hope someone be hungry . grace get I out of here now ! leonard no joke , ma . for the next two week while dad and the girl be away , you will be keep down here . I will provide you with nutritious meal and plenty of water . you , mother , will learn what it mean to be healthy . grace that 's what this be about , food ? leonard I be try to save you life , mom . try to give you a life . Cause I love you . grace my life be fine . I do not need you to " save I " . Leonard look at he mother , sympathetic . leonard you do not even realize how sick you be . it 's a problem when a otherwise healthy woman can not drag she ass up a flight of stair because she 's so obese . you be stay down here . Leonard turn and cross back to the staircase . leonard ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) oh , and no cigarettes either . 81 . int . gus ' apartment - kitchen - evening the kitchen be now spotless . malee remove two tv dinners from the oven . she cross over to the kitchen table and place the food onto plate . the table be set to the nine . a small candle burn in the center . once the table be set and the food serve , malee take a step back and smile . int . gus ' apartment - bathroom - later malee strip off she clothes and put on a long , silk robe . ext . gus ' apartment build - same time Gus drive up , get out of he car and enter the building . int . apartment build - hallway - moment later Gus approach he door . as he take out he key , he notice that the welcome mat have be push off to the side . Gus lift the mat up and see that he spare key be go . int . gus' apartment - front entrance / kitchen - continuous Gus enter . he know someone else be in there . gus hello ? we follow he into the kitchen and find malee , stand beside the table and dress only in she robe . gus ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) what the hell be this ? malee I make dinner , my love . and I have a surprise . gus you have be in my apartment before , have not you ? malee drop she robe , revealing she naked body . Gus quickly look away . gus ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) malee , put you clothes on now ! ( continued ) 82 . continued : malee do not you like my body ? malee start walk towards he . gus malee , stop . malee it 's okay because I love you . Gus do not answer . malee be right behind he now . she put she head on he back . malee ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) touch I . Gus slowly turn around and look at malee for a long , pregnant beat . it 's a tense moment , and we be unsure of what he 's go to do . then Gus move past she and cross to the live room . malee ( cont would ) where be you go ? gus to go call you mother . Gus exit . malee stand the fool . malee but we be soulmate . now embarrassed and crush , she start to cry . ext . gus' apartment - later that night malee , now wrap in a large overcoat , be lead by yacco out of the building and over to she car . int . yacco' car - continuous yacco and malee sit in silence . after a beat . yacco I do not know what to say to you . int . jacob be home - bedroom - afternoon Jacob shove clothes into he backpack . keith enter with rudy 's baseball glove on he hand . ( continued ) 83 . continued : keith wanna play some catch ? Jacob notice the glove . he rush over to keith , yank it off he hand and push keith to the ground . jacob where the hell do you get this ? keith the closet . ow , what 's wrong ? keith struggle to get free , but Jacob be too strong . keith ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) you be hurt I . jacob do I say you could play with the glove ? do I ? keith no , I just ... jacob everything , and I mean , everything in this room be mine . you be not allow to touch a thing , especially the glove . keith okay , okay . Jacob get off of keith and cross to he closet . he pull out the lock box , unlock it and remove the gun . he point it at keith . jacob if you tell my parent what I say , I will kill you . I will shoot you in the fuck face , I swear it ! keith nod , petrify . Jacob put the gun back in the lock box , throw it in the closet and storm out of the room . int . jacob be house - kitchen - moment later Ashley sit at the kitchen table , look at a picture of rudy and Jacob when they be infant . her eye be fill , but she 's not cry . ( continued ) 84 . continued : Jacob enter and cross to the fridge . he spot Ashley and be take aback by she state . jacob ( cold ) what 's wrong now ? ashley I be look at a picture of you and rudy when you be bear . God , I miss he . jacob but you have keith now Ashley be strike by Jacob 's comment . ashley what the hell do that mean ? jacob you have keith . two boy again . everything be fine . ashley we do not adopt keith to replace rudy . jacob do not you ? ashley for you information , you father and I discuss adopt for year . jacob ( not buy it ) right . maybe if it be I who die , you would not need another kid to get over it . ashley how can you say that ? I never want either of my child to die . jacob but one of we do . if you have to choose which one , I bet you wish it be I . ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 2 ) ashley I know you think we favore rudy ... jacob you do ! admit it . ashley I admit he be easier to raise , but we do not love he more . Jacob , listen to I . you come with a different set of challenge . jacob my birthmark . ashley it 's not easy be different ... jacob ( scream ) I be not different !! you always make I feel like something be wrong . there 's nothing wrong with I . ashley I know ... jacob no , you do not ! it 's like you do not know how to deal with I . you never do . ashley I be sorry if that be how you feel . you do the best you can as a parent . you do not always know what 's right . but you be my son . I would do anything for you . I would fight for you , I would kill for you , I would die for you . jacob rudy use to say that exact same thing . ashley it 's true . and as unchristian as it sound , I still want the boy that kill rudy dead . someday , when you grow up , you will understand what I mean . someday . 86 . int . leonard be home - basement - same time sfx : toilet flushing Grace exit the bathroom and begin walk around the basement , look for a way out . she cross to the board up door and try to pull the board off . unsuccessful , she return to the bed and sit . after a beat , Grace spot the tray of food , which be still untouched . angry and disgust , she take it and throw it at the wall . CUT to : later that night - Grace pace nervously while blabber to herself . grace when Pat call , and I do not answer , he will know something be wrong . he will know . I will be fine . CUT to : later that night - Grace nervously rock back and forth . sweat cover she body . she glance at the tray of food , which rest on the floor . CUT to : later that night - Grace stand at the base of the stairwell , scream . grace open this door now ! let I out , God damn it ! Leonard ! CUT to : later that night - Grace be cry . she catch sight of the meal that she throw on the floor . after a beat , Grace crawl over to it and start shove it down she throat . she do not seem bother by the fact that she dinner be cover with dirt . 87 . int . yacco' office - reception area - next day - afternoon yacco exit she office to find Gus wait for he session . they speak not a word . he rise and enter the office . she follow , shutting the door behind she . int . yacco' office - continuous Gus and yacco sit in they respective seat . yacco before we begin , I want to apologize . I should have know what be go on with malee . gus it 's my fault . I know she have a crush on I . I guess , I feel bad for she . she 's a very unhappy girl . yacco look down , embarrassed . gus ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) if it 's any consolation , the whole thing be very " therapeutic " for I . ( off yacco 's look ) sorry . that be a very selfish thing to say . yacco this be you therapy . not mine . why be it therapeutic ? gus I sleep last night . I can not remember the last time I sleep so deep or so sound . I do not remember dream or anything . yacco why do you think that be ? gus one of the last fire I ever fight be a brownstone , beautiful . the place be burn from roof to basement . Whole family be wipe out . when I be upstairs , inspect , I find a girl . she could not have be more than 12 . ( more ) ( continued ) 88 . continued : gus ( cont would ) the whole right side of she face be burnt off , but she eye be open . she be alive . the pain must have be excruciate . she be begging for I to ... kill she . yacco what do you do ? gus exactly what she want . I place my hand over she mouth and what be leave of she nose , and I ... I kill she . I tell myself it be the right thing to do , but I have never be sure . yacco what do this have to do with malee ? gus when I see she last night , she have the same look on she face as that girl . she just want I to take away she pain . yacco sit , ponder all of this . gus ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Doctor ? yacco would you mind if we ... cut out early today ? no charge . gus I understand . Gus rise and exit . yacco sit alone and start cry . int . leonard be home - kitchen - moment later Leonard be at the kitchen sink , arrange a fruit salad . suddenly , he hear the sound of water boil over from the stove . Leonard quickly turn the gas low , extinguish the flame . he remove the pot from the burner , grab a strainer and remove poach egg white from the water . ( continued ) 89 . continued : Leonard grab a dish towel and begin wiping the water off the stove . preoccupy , he do not realize that when he wipe the oven knob dry , he turn the gas on high . ( since the overflow water , extinguish the pilot light , he be unaware that gas be now be emitted from the burner . ) in he condition , he won't be able to smell it . Leonard grab the plate of food and exit the kitchen . sfx : gas leaking int . leonard be home - basement - moment later Leonard place the food by Grace 's bed . she be sleep . int . leonard be home - kitchen - moment later Leonard sit on the couch , watch tv . suddenly , he start cough , hard . the fit subside and Leonard resume watch tv , think nothing of it . int . malee' home - kitchen - evening sfx : telephone malee enter the kitchen and answer the phone . malee ( into phone ) hello ?... daddy !... no , she 's not home ... can I ask you something ? can I visit you for a while ?... a week ... but I can fly alone ... no , I understand ... yeah ... I love y... hello ?... malee hang up the phone . tear swell in she eye . she place she head in she arm and start bawling . yacco ( o.s. ) honey ? malee look to find yacco stand behind she . malee ( through she tear ) why do he hate I ? yacco walk to malee and hug she tight . it 's a long , overdue hug . 90 . int . leonard be home - basement - later that day Grace awaken from she nap . suddenly , she sniff at the air . Grace rise and cross over to the foot of the basement stair . she see that the upstairs door be wide open . grace Leonard ! silence . grace ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Leonard , I smell gas ! int . leonard be home - den - same time Leonard be slump over , unconscious . int . leonard be home - basement - same time Grace cough hard . grace Leonard , do not you smell that ...? ( sotto ) oh God , he can not . Leonard ! Leonard , the gas be on ! Grace grab a hold of the railing and start climb the stair . after a few step , she stop to rest , wheeze . with the help of the railing , Grace pull herself up to the gap in the staircase . in one forceful exertion , she propel she body up and forward . the railing instantly become separate from the wall . Grace land in a heap . luckily , the top half of she body make it to the other side . with all of she might , Grace pull herself up to the landing . int . leonard be home - kitchen - continuous exhausted and wheeze , Grace drag herself over to the stove and shut the gas off . she look around for Leonard and see he in the live room , slump over and unconscious . grace no ! Grace frantically shuffles over to the live room . ( continued ) 91 . continued : grace ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Leonard , wake up ! Leonard ! int . hosptial room - night Leonard slowly come to in a hospital bed . the same nurse from earlier be by he side . nurse it 's alive ! leonard what happen ? nurse Gas leak . leonard my mom , she 's ... nurse she 's fine . they have take she into surgery . she blow out she knee somehow . we be try to get you father on the phone right now . leonard I ... nurse shh . you need you rest . everything be fine now . ext . construction site - day Jacob straddle he bike , watch a crew spread cement over the foundation of a house . Jacob appear lose in think . he look at a picture of rudy and himself together . Jacob touch he face in the photograph . he trace he finger along the outline of he birthmark . kenny ( o.s. ) tonight , we ride . ext . trailer park - beside kenny' trailer - dusk Jacob and Kenny share a cigarette . kenny we get sleep bag , a tent , canteen and a lantern . ( more ) ( continued ) 92 . continued : kenny ( cont would ) I hear it 's suppose to rain , so I will bring ponchos . jacob ( half heart ) cool . Kenny eye Jacob . kenny you be act weird . you gonna chicken out ? jacob no. kenny you better not . I already pack twice the amount of shit . I can not carry it all alone . jacob I will be there . kenny good . I be tell you , man . it 's gonna be great . jacob I guess . kenny come on . you can not be a pussy all you life . jacob ( beat , hauntingly ) I know . kenny I will see you tonight . do not be late . Kenny ride off . Jacob watch he go . he have a lifeless , almost calculate look in he eye . int . hospital room - night Grace lie in a hosptial bed , watch tv . Leonard enter , dress in a hospital gown . Grace turn to he , smile . grace Leonard ! ( continued ) 93 . continued : leonard I be sorry , mom . I do not mean to leave the gas on . it be a accident . and everything that happen , I ... I just think that maybe , I could help you . grace Leonard , my mother die at 52 . we have to cremate she body because they do not make a coffin big enough for she to fit in . even if they have , no one could have carry it . ( tear up ) I love she so much . I do not want that to happen to I . leonard it do not have to . grace even if I can manage the food ... can you honestly see I , run a marathon ? leonard you do not have to run a marathon . you just have to run to the end of the block . it 's not so hard as you think it be . grace I will try . Leonard lean over and kiss he mother 's forehead . grace ( cont would ) I speak to you father . he and the girl catch a flight . they should be here by morning . leonard do you tell he what happen ? grace I tell he there be a gas leak . leonard I mean ... ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) grace I know what you mean . I do not tell he . I do not think I will . Leonard smile . int . jacob be home - bedroom - middle of the night Jacob lie awake , stare out the window . a heavy wind blow . sfx : watch alarm Jacob sit up and silence he watch alarm . keith awaken as well , but remain silent . he watch as Jacob grab a bag and exit the house through the window . once he 's go , keith get off the top bunk , cross to the window and watch as Jacob run off . immediately , keith cross to the closet . he remove the lock box and begin try combination to open it . ext . construction site - short time later a heavy rain begin to fall as Jacob ride up . he see Kenny , stand inside of a partially , construct house . kenny you be late . jacob I be here . Kenny throw Jacob a poncho . kenny put this on . Jacob remove he backpack and put on the poncho . then he open he backpack and remove he hockey mask . ( the same mask he be wear at the beginning of the movie . ) kenny ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) what the fuck be that ? jacob if people see I riding around in the middle of the night , we be screw . you do not bring a disguise ? ( continued ) 95 . continued : kenny who give a shit what I be up to . the boy start riding off in opposite direction . kenny ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) the main road be this way . jacob yeah , but if we cut through the construction site , we will hit the railroad track . it 's faster and no one will bother we . kenny good point . Kenny file in behind Jacob , and the boy make they way deep into the construction site . Thunder and lightning crash . int . jacob be home - bedroom - same time keith have forgone open the lock box via a combination and now try to pry the top open with a screwdriver . he work frantically , fear Jacob 's return . ext . construction site - same time Jacob and Henry make they way to the edge of the construction site . suddenly , Jacob stop in he track . kenny what 's wrong ? Jacob lift the hockey mask . jacob I can not do this . kenny what ?! Jacob begin rummage through he backpack . int . jacob be home - bedroom - same time keith pries the box open . it 's empty . no gun or bullet . 96 . ext . construction site - same time kenny Son of a bitch ! I know it . I know you would chicken ... Jacob rise , hold the gun . he point it at Kenny . kenny ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) what the fuck ? Jacob shake , frighten and reluctant to do what he believe he have to do . jacob I can not let you leave , Kenny . you have to pay for what you do . kenny whoa , whoa hold on . alright , I ... I will not go . I will stay here . I will do my probation . Jacob cock the gun . tear stream down he check . jacob you kill he . I gotta do this ... for my family . it 's the only way . kenny Jacob , I tell ya , it ... it be a accident . I swear . please , do not . this be not you . jacob I know . but I can not be a pussy all my life . Jacob fire . Kenny be hit in the head . he drop to the ground instantly . the force of the gun , knock Jacob to the ground . as he fall , the hockey mask come down over he face . Jacob sit for a beat , stare at Kenny 's lifeless body . lightn flash , illuminate he blue eye through the hockey mask . ext . construction site - short time later Jacob be inside one of the unpaved house foundation , digging a hole . he cry , struggle to finish what he have do . ( continued ) 97 . continued : once a hole be dig , Jacob throw Kenny 's body inside and start cover it up with dirt . int . jacob be home - bedroom - later that night Jacob climb through he window , soaking wet . he cross to he closet and begin to change . keith lie in bed , watch . Jacob remove the gun from he pocket and place it back inside the lock box . his hand shake violently . as he put the box back inside the closet . he find rudy 's glove . he smell the leather and smile . Jacob take the glove and cross over to he bed . he place the glove beside keith . keith I think I be not suppose to touch this . jacob you be awake . keith yeah . jacob it 's yours . just do not leave it outside . if it get wet , the leather will crack . keith I will take good care of it . I know this be rudy 's . Jacob lie down on he bed . keith ( cont would ) why do you have a gun ? jacob just a b-b gun . I return it to a friend of mine . ( beat ) I be sorry for be such a asshole to ya . keith do this mean we be brother now ? ( continued ) 98 . continued : jacob ( beat , tear apart ) yeah . we be brother . keith lie back in bed , smile . Jacob roll over , still unnerve by what he be do . he will never be the same , and he know it . ext . construction site - day Gus load cinder block into a wheel barrow . malee ( o.s. ) Gus ? Gus spin around , and find malee , stand there . malee ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) before you freak out , I want to tell you , I be sorry . and to give you this . malee open she backpack and remove Gus ' gun . Gus snatch it from she . gus malee ? malee do not be mad . I be just worried about you . now I be out of you life forever . Goodbye . thanks for not press any charge . malee walk off . Gus hold the gun in awe . ext . STREET - beside the construction site - same time tight on jacob , stare at the construction site . we zoom out and find he , straddle he bike . malee appear , walk over . malee quite a storm last night . they stand for a moment , watch the builder . malee ( cont would ) do you hear about Leonard ? Jacob nod , yes . ( continued ) 99 . continued : malee ( cont would ) only he . I be gonna go and visit he at the hospital . you want to come ? Jacob do not answer . he be preoccupy with watch a truck pour cement into the foundation where Kenny be bury . it 's a bittersweet moment . while relieved by the fact that he crime will be hide , the guilt overwhelm he . malee ( cont would ) Earth to Jacob . you come ? jacob huh ? oh , yeah . Jacob turn he bike around , and the two ride off together . malee you know , you birthday 's come up . any hint as to what you might like ? jacob whatever you get I will be fine . malee ( annoyed ) right . malee eye Jacob , sense that something be wrong . malee ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) be you okay ? jacob ( lie ) never better . back on the foundation . Gus enter frame and begin spread cement over Kenny 's grave . fade to black : the end