third revised shoot final . tewin aller 's production of paul gallico S screenplay by Stirling silliphant - a Ronald neame Film . . : MARCH 24,1972 . " the poseidon adventure " screenplay . by 7 Stirling ' silliphant i third revised shoot final — — — CD March 24 , 1972 259 go ro lo 259 " the poseidon adventure " fade in full establishing shot - s..8 . poseidon - night 1 a huge passenger liner build in the 1930' to carry a thousand passenger . she roll . in agony as she plow through pile seas . ext .. mediterranean sea - night 2 titles and credit appear over a series of shot of the great ship as she fight she way through wave of staggering height churn with furious force . titles continue through the follow : another angle -- poseidon - night 3 her bow dip , then rise as though try to catch she breath , then dip again , expose she four screw above the surface of she stern . ext . ship - shoot up at the bow - night 4 again , the bow dip , . almost bury itself underwater , and in the wash of ton of water as it rise again , we catch the ship 's name : poseidon . another angle - S. s.. poseidon - dawn 5 a breathtakingly beautiful , blind sunrise be now the background to the continue battle of the old ship against the overwhelming sea . ext , deck area - s..s. poseidon - day 6 - it 's now early morning on the almost desert upper deck . no more than three or four hardy passenger be dare the element . a boy of ten move in darting fashion with the roll of the sea . he be robin shelby , a passenger , . a awesomely inform boy with sun-streaked blond hair and a wiry little body harden by grow up in the surf of Manhattan Beach , California . another angle - deck area - approach ladder to the 7 bridge - day with the determination of a young man who know where he 's go , Robin reach the wooden ladder lead to the top deck . full of vigor , he move up . title end 8 int . bridge of poseidon - day 8 cy in this . high place , the full effect.of the heavy swell can be feel . ° through the window of the bridge , . we can measure they height : against the rise and fall of the horizon . the helmsman cling to he helm , a . junior officer hold on to -a stanchion , the first officer steady himself at the engine room telegraph , .and a radar quartermaster guard : his. set with difficulty . the captain be : a tall man in he late fifty , elegant - look but strong . another man , dréss in a business suit , watch the crew narrowly , miss nothing . 9 close shot - the man 9 he be : linarcos . he have the look of a accountant - bookkeeper , sus - picious : and mistrust . 10 another angle - favoring the . captain 10 see a huge swell approach . he brace himself . the :ship raise in breathtaking fashion , then drop , wallowing . the Captain cross to the loudaphone , and speak into one of they , not in panic but in irritation and frustration . captain CD engine room ! — ( after a beat ) this be the Captain . be the Chief still there ? ( beat ) put he on . will int .. engine room - day il this be the heartbeat of the ship . as far as the eye can see , in every direction , huge gear interlocked . with other huge gear respond to the power release by the generator . they groan with the agony of age but the pulse of power be deafen . . an- assistant engineer who be at the loudaphone at the log desk , answer the Captain . assistant engineer aye , aye , sir . he turn to a wiper stand nearby and call over : assistant engineer . the Chief 's work on the generator -- ( ) tell he the Captain want he on the ~— " phone . cont. 259 of I 259 11 cont . 12 13 14 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 4/21/72 3° 11 cont . he take a headset from a hook , hand it to the wiper . the wiper run down the catwalk to a group of maintenance man at the far end of the engine room gather around a apparently mal-function pump . ' wiper ( as he approach the group ) Chief -- the Captain want : you on the phone . the wiper hand over the headset and phone to the chief , a large man with a ruddy face and gruff manner , who slip on the headset and speak into it . chief engineer this be the Chief -- go ahead . int . bridge - favoring the captain - day 12 captain '' Joe ! what the hell 's go ondown there ? be not there anything moré you can do with that stabilizer ? . int . engine room - favoring the chief engineer - day 13 . chief engineer there 's nothing wrong with the stabilizer so there 's nothing more I can do with they . besides , I have get enough trouble with this centrifugal pump . you know damn well what the trouble be ! that bastard linarcos ! int . bridge - favoring the captain . 14 the Captain look over at linarcos -- who register no reaction . , captain he 's stand right here . chief engineer' voice ( o.s . ) good ! I hope he hear I ! captain ( a- beat ) all right , Joe . do the best you can until we clear this weather . cont . '' J on 259 14 cont . 4 14 cont. the. Captain cut off the contact with the engine room , give linarcos a significant . and scornful look , return to he post , at the same moment Robin enter the bridge . the gale - force wind and spray almost blow he through the door . . a officer close the door shut as . all hand turn towards the boy . robin ( salute ) Morning , sir . report for duty . captain where do . you. come from ? robin ( as though it 's no problem ) from my cabin , sir . you say come up any time .... Robin Shelby . remember ? Robin 's obvious lack of fear serve asa catalyst among the tight - face duty watch . the Captain look around at he man , smile slightly at Robin . . captain I must say , master Shelby , you pick a particularly fascinating moment to accept my invitation . that wave do not worry you ? robin I have surf up to eighteen foot ... ( look out ) but this look more like thirty . captain thirty -five , matter of fact . robin some , you know , get up to three hundred . captain I have find sixty about maximum . discount hurricane , of course . cont . 15 17 18 19 revised - " the posedion adventure " - 4/13 / 720 | 5 14 cont . 1 robin that be surface wave . but I mean underneath . they can really pile up below the surface , captain you seem remarkably . well~informed . robin only about some thing . the first Officer -- who 's out suddenly . Sir ! be watch the wild sea outside ~- call first officer the Captain look over , react to : he p.o.v . - a approaching swell - day 15 higher than the other . . favoring the captain ' he grab a stanchion with rise wildly .» ' text , sea - day ' the Poseidon heeling over / int . bridge 16 one hand , Robin with the other as the bridge 17 severly in the bosom of the gigantic wave . 18 the Captain and the other tilting , cling , try to maintain they position . Robin.slips away from the Captain 's grasp , slide down the '' steeply inclined deck , grab the base of a bolt down control column ' and hold on , a big grin on he . face . , surf 's really up my board ! robin ! should : have bring another . angle " the captain = : 19 see that Robin be all right , that the radarman be help he back onto he foot as the ship . 's first Officer . teady back . to even keel . . he turn to the 's cont : not 253 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 4/21/72 5 a 19 cont . captain ( to first Officer ) '' all hfeline rig ? first officer except C deck , sir . captain ( tersely ) T order all lifeline rig . that include C deck ! see to it ! first officer yes , sir . as he turn to a loudaphone . ( note : the follow play as b.g. against balance of the scene . ) first officer {into loudaphone ) standby a.b. voice ( over receiver ) yes , sir . * . first officer get hold of the Bos and and have he rig lifeline on C deck . voice ( over ) yes , sir . during the above the Captain have turn to the standby quartermaster . cont . revised - '' the posedion adventure " - 4/21/72 6 19 cont.1 19 cont.1 captain ( to quartermaster ) hawkins , please escort master Shelby below -- by the inside route . ( to Robin ) we will continue this discussion at a quieter time . Fair enough ? robin aye , aye , sir ! obediently , he follow the quartermaster inside -- and below . the Captain now turn to linarcos , grimly , accusingly . captain that last one almost broach we , Mr. linarcos . I warn you ! we be top heavy ! we do not have enough ballast ! we should have load extra bunker at Gibraltar ! close on linarcos 20 : he do not answer , simply continue he sharp surveillance of every move on the bridge . 21 | ext , foredeck of the poseidon - close shot - a man ~ day 21 {| Voice slightly raise , yet with amusement in it , as though openly enjoy - ' ing he belief . he be reverend frank scott , thirty - four , a rugge - } look , off - beat cleric wear a.dark , nondescript and unpress suit over a black sweater whose turtleneck have long since collapse . scott get down on you knee and pray to God for help ? then everything 's go to work out fine ? garbage ! not where I come from . you can wear you knee off praying for heat in a cold - water flat in February , and icicle will grow on you upraise palm . if you be freezing to death , burn the furniture . set fire to the building , but get off you knee ! a , 259 259 22 23 revised - " the poseidon adventure " ~ 4/13/72 7 longer shot . 22 we now see Scott near the rail of the ship . stand nearby be the man he 's be talk to -- the ship 's chaplain -~ a thin , wrinkle man in a black suit and starch white collar who contemplate Scott reflectively with mix emotion . chaplain ( mildly ) : somewhat unorthodox , would not you ~ say , reverend Scott ? scott but realistic , Mac ! we have get to use we church for something more thanjust prayer . chaplain if you deliver sermon like that , it 's a wonder you be still a ordain minister , or be - you ? . scott the best kind -- angry , rebellious , critical , a renegade -- most of my so-called clerical power take away -- but still in business . the ship roll but the sea be considerably calmer . there 's even a little sunshine . the man start walk the deck , swinging they arm to keep warm . : tracking shot : " 93 chaplain ' well , you seem to be enjoy the punishment . scott punishment ? the church have bless I , that 's what it 's do -- banish to a new country in Africa ! Hell , I have to look it up on a map to figure out where I be go . my bishop do not know it , but he 's give I exactly what I want -- elbow room -- real freedom . freedom to dump the rule and the trapping -- freedom for I to find God in my own way . —- and help . other to do the same . cont . revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 4/3/72 8 23 cont. 23 cont. C ) they pause.at. a door lead toward the interior of the ship . scott. grin . at he , warmly . scott still want I to deliver the guest sermon this . afternoon ? chaplain ( a beat -- smile back ) well , one thing 's sure -— nobody 's go to_sleep through it . he exit . through the door as : Scott , exuberant , obviously a happy man , continue he . walk down . the deck . 24 int .. martin' stateroom - close . shot - on a hand - 24 printed list - day tape to the back of the stateroom door . we read : . sunday , december 31 , yoga - breakfast laundry list . walk before .lunch lunch church SERVICES shower dress for dinner new year eve celebration bed a man 's hand now check off " yoga , " " Breakfast , " and " Laundry list . " y camera back to reveal jame martin in a chic two - piece double - knit > jogging suit and new tennis shoe , a stock hat with a tassle on the back of he head . he jog in place a moment , warming up , and we see he 's a smallish man , but wiry , healthy - look , with curly red hair . he be dutifully follow the ritual he have laid out for this day , as he have laid out so many , many other day of he life , substitute ritual and over-organization for loneliness . he jog out . the door . 25 int . ship be lobby - martin - day 25 ( ' jog up the palatial main staircase past a few other hardy passenger ye who look after he as though he 's take leave of he sense . 259 26 a- 26 27 ~ ~ 28 29 259 revised ~ " the poseidon adventure " ~ 4/3/72 9 ext . deck - day 26 Martin emerge on the top deck , breathes in the fresh sea air expansively . despite the up : and : down motion of the big ship , its sideways , back and forth alternate slant , .he jog doggedly . only nine or ten people be on the deck . '' long shot . - martin a=26 . as he jog . along , we see : the rough water in b.g . moving shot - with martin 27 as he : jog . suddenly he smile . -— something ritualistic in the smile -- as though this : be what 's . expect . of he . martin Morning . he continue 's past two people hold onto they deck chair . the two ~~ a man and he wife -- call to he as he go by : couple good. morning , mr.. Martin . gouple's p.o.v. 28 they watch he recede figure jog away . angle on couple 29 we be meeting manny and belle rosen . he 's fifty - eight , she 's fifty . Belle be mother Earth .. despite she fat body , she radiate grace and warmth . manny be a thin , bald man . his eye be quick and alert . manny . that Martin , he 's crazy . belle I like that man . manny of course you like he . he run on time -- like a train . you and train ! belle train ? in my whole life when do - I ever run fora train ? cont . revised -. '' the poseidon adventure " = 4/3/72 10 29 cont. 29 cont. manny who cry for a week : when they tore down the third : Avenue e1 ? Belle : say nothing for a : moment . they tip to port , they foot slightly elevate . manny return to.read a travel folder on Israel . belle . he 's lonely 's . that 's : why he run on time . manny it say here there 's : a : package . tour to visit : the-mountain where : mose receive the ten commandment . ~ belle once we.get to Israel , no more travel . we will stay put and get to know we grandson . he 's talk already -- and we have never see he ! manny who 's talk ? belle manny , do not you ever listen to I ? 30 int , . ship' corridor ( to rogo's stateroom ) - day 30 a cabin door open .. and a middle - age man and . a woman come out , move toward we down the corridor . the : man'is doctor caravello , the ship 's physician , the woman be gina , he nurse . she carry : a clipboard with chart . he carry : he medical bag . doctor next ? nurse m - ~45 , , Mr. and . Mrs. rogo . they arrive at stateroom m - 45 . the Doctor knock at the door . 259 31 a- 31 cc na 32 259 will ext . rogo's stateroom 31 in answer to the doctor 's knock , a hard - face man open the door and look out challengingly , much like a guard bulldog . he take a visual inventory of the doctor and he nurse as penetrate as a x-ray . this be mike - rogo , in he : late forty . doctor I be Dr. caravello . I believe you have be call I ? rogo all morning ! he step aside , motion they in . int . rogo's stateroom ~- moving shot a- 31 as they enter and cross the room . doctor we have a unusual number of patient today . rogo you the only doctor : on this tub ? doctor the only ship 's doctor . rogo what. if somebody would be die in here ? another angle ~- favoring a girl - day 32 in a large double - bed . her mascara have run , she look pale and wretchedly seasick . she be linda rogo , in she late twenty . linda who 's not die ? the doctor open he bag as though he 's do it fifty - two thousand time before and no surprise remain inside to startle he . he bring outa bottle . doctor ( to rogo ) Three - quarter of the passenger be sick . we have to take they in rotation . cont . J 259 32 cont . 33 revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 12 32 cont. doctor ( cont . ) ( to : Linda ) ~ use one of this now , Mrs. rogo ... another in eight hour ... and remain in bed until the sea be totally calm . he hand . the. capsule to the nurse , who move toward the bed . another angle 33 the doctor start to close he bag . rogo look without understanding at the bottle , then reach over , close a big hand firmly around the doctor 's wrist . the doctor look from he pinion forearm up to the man 's face . rogo hold it , hold it . you mean to tell I we have be wait all this time for you to -kiss she off with a couple of pill and some crap about stay in bed ! how do you know she 's just seasick ? look at she ! it could be . something wrong with she . you do not even examine she . rogo release the doctor 's wrist . the nurse shake a. thermometer . linda shoot I , Mike . for crissake , just shoot I . the nurse insert the thermometer into Linda 's mouth , feel she pulse . rogo there -- you see how sick she be ! I will tell you what I think . it 's food poisoning . how the hell 's she go to swallow that pill if she can not even swallow water ? nurse ( patiently ) they be suppository , Mr. rogo. you ... you do not swallow they ! rogo then what the hell do you do with they ? cont . -_ J 33 cont . revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 13 33 cont . linda ( to rogo -— the the - mometer still in she mouth ) for crissake , I know what to do with suppository ! just get they out of here ! rogo okay , baby , okay . it will not take but a minute . the nurse take out the thermometer , read it . nurse . ( to the doctor ) temperature ... pulse ... normal . the nurse put the thermometer away . doctor ( to rogo ) I assure you , it 's seasickness . nothing more . linda ( to the nurse ) his gun 's over there in the top drawer . get it ! I will shoot myself -- but first I be go to shoot that sonofabitch for bring I on this goddamn boat ! rogo oh , hon ... doctor nurse , I believe we should continue we round . the doctor and nurse exchange glance . impassively , they exit . rogo I still . think it 's food poisoning . cont. cc ) revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 33 cont .1 rogo close the door after they . linda oh , shut up ! a-33 int . ship' corridor ( to rogo's stateroom ) nurse ( apprehensively ) what be all that about a gun ? doctor it 's : quite appropriate . that 's nota marriage -- that 's a battlezone . next : room ? she. consult she notebook . nurse m- 79 . they go forward toward they next destination . b-33 full shot - the poseidon - day as she sail through calmer water . 259 13a 33 cont . 1 a-33 b-33 revised - " the poseidon adventure " ~ 6/28/72 14 34 int . bridge - day 34 'o the roll of the ship have lessen considerably . the Captain be now at the window watch the sea . Sunshine stream in . linarcos be stand nearby . the - first Officer appear from the radio room . first officer weather report , sir ... , captain ( take they , redding , half to self ) weather moderate to the Southeast . barometer 1016 : millibar . smocth seas ... clear sky ... good ! ( to first Officer ) keep heron slow ahead . . prepare to fill ballast tank . start take on ballast . . first officer aye , ' sir . linarcos cod ( quietly ) order " full ahead , " Captain . the other man on the bridge react as the Captain stare at he angrily . linarcos . gaze back imperturbably . the first Officer cross to the phone . ' captain I have already tell you , Mr. linarcos , - we do not have enough ballast yet to run at full ahead . - linarcos ( a beat ) I suggest we talk privately . they move to a more secluded section of the bridge . they talk in lower , but no ’less intense , tone . first officer ( into phone ) Chief , line up to start take on ballast . cont . 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " ~ 5/26/72 : 15 34 cont. 34 cont. | C ) oo linarcos for = I do not suggest full ahead , Captain . E as the new owner 's representative on this ship , I order it ! captain damn it , man ! the Poseidon 's too fine a lady to be rush to the junk - yard on she last voyage ! linarcos we be already three day behind schedule and it 's cost my consortium thousand of dollar every day to maintain a wreck - ing crew . idemand we dock Monday night . captain I can not afford to gamble with the life of my passenger ! linarcos ( coldly ) to you business be to deliver this ship ~~ - where we want it -- when we want it . captain running any unstable ship at full ahead be dangerous -- especially one as god as this , linarcos lose he patience . linarcos I be sure I do not have to remind you of my legal right to have you relieved of command . Three other officer aboard carry full master papers . now -- order full ahead ! for a moment they stare at each other . finally , the Captain turn away , and angrily activate the bridge telegraph . a-34 close on bridge telegraph to engine room a- 34 the signal register " full ahead . " 35 full shot - poseidon stack - day . : : 35 as smoke pour . forth , stream aft as she pick ‘up speed . 259 . , 16 36 int . susan's stateroom - close shot - detailed plan - 36 C ) the poseidon - day robin' voice ( o.s. ) hey , do you know this ... ? camera start . to pull back to -reveal Robin , study the plan of the ship , which be : spread out on the floor of the stateroom . robin the engine on this ship have more total horsepower than all the cavalry napoleon use to conquer Europe . camera tilt up now to reveal susan shelby , Robin 's sister , a mature - look , seventeen - year-old , seat ata dress table in the b.g. , comb she hair . susan ( bored by the whole bit ) that 's heavy , Robin , real heavy . there 's a knock on the cabin door . . Susan get up . robin ( as. Susan cross to the door ) the ship 's generator create enough electricity to light Charleston , South Carolina -- and Atlanta , Georgia ! Susan open the door . .a room steward , carry a stack of cable , be stand outside . steward Shelby ? susan that 's right . steward cable . susan thank you . cont. 259 259 36 cont . revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 she take it and close the door . Susan open the envelope . jump up from the floor , head toward she fast . robin hey , my turn to open the cable ! he reach he hand out for the cable . susan 's do not be so childish ! she open it and . read the message ... susan '' mother and I wait impatiently you arrival . we thought . and we love with you on this New Year 's Eve .... dad . " robin we should have send they a wire . susan I do . robin then how come you do not ask I for my idea -~-. I mean -- what to put in it ? susan why could not I have a brother easy to live with ... stop jump up and down on my bed ! get in and take you shower . robin what shower ? I be go back to the engine room . susan you be go to church service ! robin on my vacation ?! cont . 17 36 cont . Robin revised - " the poseidon adventure " ~- 4/6/72 _ : 19 -- 38 : cont. > 38 cont. ( > ) . steward where would : that lot come from ? : acre : board : at : Gibraltar . on they way to ' Sicily . . they be go to a jazz ' festival ... free.trip for free music . - steward . ( mimic : nonnie ) . «.. " Morning : after . " I can not take that 'stuff .. give I a : strauss waltz any : time .. ~ . acre . T rather fancy . it . - steward . you ! you even fancy bagpipe ! suddenly the music subside . Ted have . cut off the number . a 39 another angle - musical group 39 nonnie turn , look back at Ted . he 's. shaking he head , displease . . ted 2 | nonnie , . you be lag . . " nonnie _' oh ?- TI really do not think so . ae ted _ ( to : guitar ) crump , tell she . crump , . lose the battle against seasickness , keep he eye on the bowl and . moan . in reply . crump ( a low moan ) aahhmmnm ... cont . 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " — 3/31/72 18 36 cont.1 36 cont.1 cn susan get in there ! ' robin but the third engineer 's ~- promise to show I the propeller shaft . susan you can see the propeller shaft later ! he find himself pin by the arm and hustle toward the bathroom , Susan show no mercy , camera move with they . robin why do not you shove it ! susan ( really angry ) do not you_ever say that again . he run into the bathroom , shout out at she : robin shove it ! shove it ! shove it ! he slam the door shut before she can get at he . 37 int . dine salon - close shot - a girl - day 37 sing into.a mike . she be nonnie parry , in she mid-twenty , slightly fray around the edge , yet pretty . her voice be melodic , soft rather than brassy . 38 group shot 38 the girl be one of a musica ! group , accompany by she brother ted . on the drum , by crump and dog on guitar , and another musician on the electric organ . crump , no seaman at best , be feel far from well -- and keep he eye on a spitoon in a chair nearby . the group be work on a stage to almost a empty room -- rehearse , there be no passenger -- only steward prepare the table for lunch , include acre . a twenty - five foot , gaily decorate Christmas tree dominate one corner of the salon . cont. 259 39 cont. 40 41 289 revised - " the poseidon adventure " -_ 6/28/72 20 39 cont . nonnie look , teddy , do it make any difference ? sometimes it give it a little more feel . ted it make all the difference in the world . just stay in . the groove . crump nonnie , please . I be seasick . just do what you brother say so I can go back to my cabin. and die in peace . nonnie ( to Ted ) you have always say I have a perfect ... ted ( overlap ) nonnie , cool it , huh ? nonnie nod at he obediently . nonnie alright , Ted , if you say so . she give he a bright little smile . ted okay . now , let 's take it again from the bridge . ( beat time ) Three ... four ... we go back for conclusion of song . we we 40 ext . poseidon at sea - day 41 the great ship speed on toward the east against a warm afternoon sun and a calm sea . revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 4/13/72 21 42 ext , deck - past scott , worshipper in b.g . - day 42 ! reverend Scott be conduct the ship 's religious service on the sundeck . CC the ship 's chaplain sit to one side , somewhat anxiously . among the | . congregation we find Susan , Robin , Mr. Martin , and some ship 's officer . | Scott look around at the face . he speak easily , but he intensity grow during the sermon . ll scotrtt you know , God 's pretty busy . he 's get a long - term plan for humanity that stretch far beyond we comprehension . so it 's not reasonable to expect him to concern himself only with the individual . the individual be important only to the extent that he 's a creative link between the past and the future -- in he child , or in the contribution he make to humanity . oh , that do not mean that God have forget we . on the contrary he 's give to each . and every one of we a great and infinite gift ~- a part of himself -- a.spark from his eternal fire to be nurture within we -- to keep we warm , to strengthen we effort . ) therefore , do not pray to God to solve you problem -- pray to that part of God within cai you . have the gut to fight for yourself . robin ( whisper to Susan ) gotta go to the john -- susan ( whisper ) you already do ! you sit right there and listen ! scott ( continue ) God want brave soul . he want winner , not quitter . if you can not win , you can at least try to win . God love trier . ( smile at Robin and Susan ) right , Robin ? -- Susan ? they nod , smile back -~ 259 : a , | revised - " the poseidon adventure " ~ 4/13/72 22 42 cont. 42 cont. . scott ( new approach ) so what resolution should we make for this New Year ? the camera play upon the face -- then on James Martin with he polite , almost freeze smile . scott ( building ) resolve to stand up to adversity . resolve to let God know you have get the gut and the will to do it alone ! resolve to fight for yourselves -- for 's other -- for that you love -- and that part of God within you will be fight with you all the way ! 43 ' int . rogo's stateroom - close shot - linda - night 43 linda no way ! : Linda , in bra and panty , ruefully contemplate herself in the mirror , co _ shake she head . behind she , rogo , in tuxedo , exhibit a engrave ~ , invitation . linda «.. I *m not go ! i : rogo : - you know what it mean to be pick out -- from all the people aboard -- to sit at the Captain 's table on New Year 's Eve ? . she do not answer . rogo ( change of tone ) well , I will tell you one thing it mean -- it mean that all you worry about the other woman look down on you isa lot of bull . linda he only invite we because you be a ) detective Lieutenant . '' cont . 259 23 43 cont. 43 cont. cy . Linda get up , . move to the bathroom . . linda why do not you just go without I ? rogo what : be I suppose to do at mid - night ? kiss the Captain ? linda do not knock it . she go into the john : and close : ' the door . rogo-move to the close bathroom door , speak through it . . rogo why do not you admit the - : real reason ? no answer from inside . rogo you be still afraid some bum will recognize you . well , that 's pretty stupid . you be - out of that business now -- you be my wife -- you can not keep go around all the time afraid every guy you bump into be : a former customer ! ( beat ) Linda , you hear I ? linda' voice ( o.s. ) will - you shut up ? I be busy in here ! he hear the toilet flush . rogo ( shouting ) you be not on the street that long ! how many guy do you know ? 's you realize how slim the chance be that one of that character be on this 's ship ? lo : cont. 259 24 43 cont.1 43 cont.1 ( 3 the door open , she come out , look at he . . linda you do not : have to shut . rogo ( voice drop ) T say , do : you - know what the chance be ... linda ( overlap ) T hear what you say . she return to the dresser , sink down , look up - at he in the mirror . linda Mike , I see a junior officer the other day on the deck . he look pretty damn familiar -- even with he clothes on . rogo so he recognize you . . so ? linda do not that bother you ? rogo if it bother I , I would not have marry you . linda but first you arrest I six time . rogo I have to figure some way to keep you off the street until you marry I . he see she expression change as she look at he in the mirror . . she get up , turn toward he . linda come here , you lousy cop ! cont . 259 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 4/3/72 25 43 cont.2 43 cont.2 44 45 46 47 48 he goes.to she . she -reach she arm around he neck . linda ( into he ear ) you be a crazy sonofabitch . she kiss he . he ease she into he arm , pat she . ext ... poseidon at : sea - night 44 on.a.flat sea with light gleam from she porthole , the big vessel glide forward . int .. bridge - ( the night watch on duty ) - night 45 the first Officer be - in command . he cross past the helmsman , glance : at the course , move on to where the radarman watch the screen . he see the scope be clear , light he pipe . int .. martin' stateroom - night 46 Martin be surveying himself in the mirror . he 's now wear evening clothes , cut smartly in the latest fashion . , but there be no vanity in he : study of himself , more a sense of inspection . satisfied , '' he then wind he . wristwatch methodically , six exact turn , verify the time , pick up a breath atomizer and use ' it ; , bring . out . a pen , check off the next to ' the last item on : he list of activity for . December 31 . he go out , close the door after he -- and camera 'move in close on the list -- the item he have just check off :.. " new year eve celebration . '' int .. poseidon dine salon - full shot - night 47 a banner read " happy new year " stretch across the elegant old dining salon , which have --- with the calming of the sea and the oncoming New Year , draw from the passenger list all that whose strong stomach have see . they through the storm and all that who have manage to recover in time for the Captain 's party . dinner have come to a end . they have actually reach the dessert . each table display a center - piece of bright flower . the silver and glassware gleam . steward -- include acre -- move deftly among the guest , all of whom be in evening clothes . we musical group be play in b.g . angle on a steward 48 as he cross the room and mount the three step towards one of the old first - class dining table : at which be one of the ship 's junior officer ( mr. tinkham ) , Belle and manny rosen and Mr. Martin . cont . revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 4/3/72 , 26 48 cont. : 48 cont. cs belle I have be meaning to ask you for the last : four day , Mr. Martin . what 's that little - one ? martin _ that 's alfalfa , Mrs. rosen . the. steward . place a bottle of champagne in the ice bucket next to a astonish row of pill Martin have laid out in front of he . - martin essential to blood formation , neural function and growth . but the growth part . do not work -- at least not on , I . belle ( point ) the. orange one -- that 's attractive . martin a tocopherol -~- derive from seed germ oil , manny look like vitamin . E to I . martin it be , Mr. rosen . manny be not that suppose to increase virility ? martin that 's the rumor . belle mr.. Martin what you need be - a. pretty wife . martin I think perhaps I have be a bachelor too long . ' a . cont . 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " ~ 5/5/72 27 48 cont.1 ' 48 cont.1 belle ( oo you be too busy take all that pill . | pe . manny ' | ( to Belle ) ' there you go again , Belle . . ( to the other ) she can not stand ' seging : anyone who be not marry . belle it. come : from caring . . martin | I would like to get : marry , too , . Mrs. rosen -- but I just . do not have time . I get down to my shop at eight -- open at nine -- close : at seven and go home at eight -- except on wednesday and Fridays when igo home . at ten . then , make dinner . -- feed the cat who eat better than I do . then take a vitamin C .. then to bed . when you . see you grandson , Mrs .. rosen , tell he not to become a haberdasher . '' belle you know , .we do not even have time to ' go to - coney Island until we sell we hardware business last year . Belle turn to the junior Officer . belle Mr. tinkham , be you marry ? tinkham no marriage forme , Mrs. rosen . I have get a.mistress ... belle what ? tinkham ( smile ) ... the sea . 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 5/5/72 27h g-48 ext . poseidon at sea - night G - 48 cc ) glide smoothly along in calm seas . -a- 48 int . bridge - night a- 48 the. watch officer be in command : -- and smoking a pipe . a seaman _ enter , hand he a message . cont . 259 259 a-48 cont . 49 a - 49 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 5/5/72 28 a-48 cont . seaman from the : seismographic station in the : Mediterranean , sir . the seaman exit as the first Officer read the flimsy . first officer ( mostly to himself ) sub-sea earthquake -- seven point eight on the richter scale -- epicenter -— one hundred thirty mile . southwest of Crete -~ worriedly , . he look out to sea a moment , then cross to the radar screen , stare down at it intently . int .. dine salon -- angle on a bas - relief of poseidon 49 against the bulkhead linda' voice ( o.s . ) so that 's the car this ship be name after ? captain voice - ( o.s. ) . . correct , Mrs. rogo -- the great god . Poseidon . reverse angle : a - 49 down to reveal the table at which , in addition to the Captain , be linarcos , Linda and Mike rogo , the reverend Scott and three other passenger look up . captain in Greek mythology , the god of the seas ... a tiny light flash from a small box attach to the table . captain also the god of storm , tempest , earth - quake : and otherinijsgellaneous natural disaster . . a ill - tempere fellow . the Captain notice the flash light . '' CO 259 50 revised - '' the poseidon adventure " ~ 6/28/72 29 another angle - the captain 50 he reach down , bring a phone to he ear . captain yes . voice ( o.s. from phone ) Captain , would you . mind come up to the bridge ? the Captain hang up , rise . captain ( to group ) would you all excuse I . duty call . ( to Scott ) reverend , would you mind take over . as host until I get back ? scott be glad to . * the Captain move out , linarcos go after he without apology to the other . acre move in and fill Scott 's glass . . scott thank you , acre . by the way - " a happy New Year . " acre thank you , sir . Scott look around at he table companion -- a man in love with live and all the challenge of life . scott ( to Linda and rogo ) where be you two head for ? linda napoli , roma , venezia . rogo and.do not forget torino . first vacation we have have since we have be marry . cont . 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 50 cont . linda ( sarcastically ) but why we do not fly I will never know ! scott ( pick up . he glass ) well -- since the Captain put I in charge , I want to propose a. toast . cont . 29a 50 cont . revised ~ " the poseidon adventure " ~ 6/28/72 50 cont.1 52 a-52 259 ~ linda what will we drink to ? Scott : give she a big smile . scott to love ! Linda . smile back at he . rogo and other guest ( ad. lib ) here ! here ! everyone drink . the first musical number end . applause . favoring the purser's table 30 50 cont.1 there be general b.g. 51 the purser , a authoritative type in he late forty , preside over a group of passenger which include Susan seat next to Robin . a young passenger -- terry =- a good- look twenty - three be openly . admire Susan -- but get nowhere . susan. be face the Captain 's table -- she direct line of sight focus on Scott seat face she . robin ( to purser ) tell I , sir . just what do : a purser do . purser well , in spite of anything you may have hear to the contrary , he really run the ship . not the Captain -- the purser . close on susan look across at : purser's voice ( o.s . ) you see , the Poseidon be not really a ship her p.o.v . - scott talk to Linda at the Captain 's table . cont . 52 a-52 a-52 .cont . 53 »a-53 " 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 4/25/72 31 a-52 cont . purser's voice ( o.s . ) it 's : a hotel -- with a bow and a stern stick on --- and I be the hotel manager . ©.s. , we group begin a dance number . favoring susan and terry 53 she concentrate on Scott , not really hearing the purser or Terry , who be try to . attract she attention . terry would you like to dance , . Susan ? ( a beat ) Susan -- hello -- Susan ? robin hey , sis ! she return to earth . . terry I be ask if you would like to dance . susan yes , I would like that . int . bridge - favoring the captain and linarcos a-53 the first Officer hold : a radio- phone out to the Captain . first officer seismographic station , sir . the Captain take the phone . captain Captain Harrison here .... s.. S. Poseidon . can you give I any further read on that sea quake near Crete ? cont. 259 revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 5/26/72 a-53 cont . voice ( over radio phone filter ) the epicenter 's one hundred thirty mile southwest of Crete . duration forty - two second . one after-shock , three point six on the richter scale , duration ten second . first report indicate a major bottom displacement and heavy swell condition building to the north - 32 a-53 cont . b-53 C - 53 east -- b~-53 we . : we C -53 ext . sea - a giant wave a heart -stopp wall of water , several mile across , race over the dark water . 54 full shot - poseidon stack - night smoke still pour out , flow aft , as she steam ahead . 55 - 57 '' we qut 58 - ext , sea - s.s. poseidon - full pan shot - night slide across the smooth water , full ahead . a- 58 int . bridge : captain : ( to first Officer ) we all batten down ? . first officer tight as a button , sir . 59 out , : we 60 at the bandstand ~- close up - drum as Ted give they a real roll . 61 full shot - the master of ceremonies - at the mike , wave he am to the dancer for attention . 54 55 - 57 58 a-58 59 60 61 Terry and Susan stop they gyration , as do the other dancer , look up at the m.c. . cont . 61 cont. o™ ~ na 62 ce NY 63 64 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 33 61 cont. m.c. lady and gentleman , you attention , please . it be exactly fifty second to midnight . will you all please stand and fill you glass ? some of the dancer hurry back to they table . m.c . twenty second . at tinkham' table -- favoring martin , belle and manny . 62 Belle smile warmly at : Martin as a steward fill he glass . the people at the table stand for the occasion . belle ( to Martin ) mr.. Martin , do not be by yourself . come stand next tome . comeon , come on . martin ( move around ) thank you , Mrs. rosen . that 's very thoughtful of you . belle if I could divide myself in half tonight , which I would not mind , I would give half to you . manny she mean it -~ but who want half a grandmother ? martin ( with a genuine like for Belle ) this grandmother , I will settle for half . on dance floor 63 various couple have stop dance as glass on trays be bring to they by steward . at scott' table 64 Men fill everyone 's glass . 259 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 34 favoring the m.c.. and the pop group with nonnie 65 m.c . ten second ... nine ... eight ... seven ... on the dance floor 66 everyone wait for the magic moment . m.c. +. six ... five ... at the captain table _ 67 Scott smile . everybody wait . M. c. 's voice ( o.s. ) + four ... three ... full shot ~- the dine salon 68 m.c. ++. two ... one ... ext . sea - 8 . s..poseidon be stack - night 69 as its high whistle shrill out a blast to welcome in the New Year . int . dine salon - full shot - the passengers 70 blow they toy horn , throw streamer , rattling they noisemaker , hugging , kissing . at the captain table ~ mike and linda rogo - and 71 scott Linda kiss she husband , then kiss Scott . Scott smile , and the other lady at the table come over to kiss he , too . some of they even kiss rogo . at the purser's table - susan , terry and robin 72 she 's be hugge by Terry . Robin be blow a whistle . 73 74 - 75 76 77 a-77 c-77 - 259 d-77 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/27 '' 35 at tinkham' table - belle , manny and martin 73 Belle have one arm around each of they as they both kiss heron separate cheek . : 74 — we we 75 on the stage ~- nonnie 76 go around kissing she group -- she brother , the other two cat . she 's in high spirit . int . bridge -. reverse three shot -~ captain , . linarcos 77 and first officer - night the Captain and linarcos be at the radarscope , and the first Officer be gather around they tautly . insert shot - the radarscope a-77 of a white crescent approach the ship 's tiny blip . back to scene . b-77 captain it seem to be pile up on that shallow . by the way -~ happy New Year . first officer thank you , sir . same to you . captain what 's its speed ? : first officer sixty knot , sir . captain that confirm it . it must be mountainous . c-77 - out out d- 77 78 a-78 b-78 79 a-79 80 259 revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 36 CUT to dine salon 78 slow sing of '' auld lang syne " by nonnie and principal . back to bridge av78 the Captain look troubled . he reach for a phone , press a button . : captain ( into. phone ) lookout ! can you make out anything ? ~ mast voice ( through phone ) nothing , sir . Horizon 's clear . captain we have a radar target on the port bow . keep a sharp watch . ( cross to corner of window ) get I my binocular . the other move after he as he peer out the window . int . dine salon - on the stage b- 78 sing of '' auld lang syne . " at the captain table 79 Scott lead he group in the song with he usual warm exuberance . we : qut a-79 int . bridge - night 80 cadet ( at phone , turn and call ) Captain .-- lookout . captain ( come from window , on phone ) what be it , lookout ? cont . 80 cont . on a , a - 80 81 82 — no 83 84 85 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 36 a 80 cont . lookout voice ( o.s . ) on the port bow . I do not know -- 1 never see anything like it ... a enormous wall of water come to — ward we . first . officer Captain ! the Captain move to the window . qut qut : a- 80 int . dine salon - night . 81 the sing of auld lang syne and . the hold of cross arm be in full swing . the merrymaker carry on with a deafen and happy din . a series of cut of our principal , including : at . the captain table 82 a shot of Scott , hand cross with the other and sing lustily . int . bridge - night : 83 the Captain at the window look out through binocular . he level the glass toward the northeast . captain oh , my God ! he p.o.v . - a wave - night ( matted for binoculars ) 84 absolutely heart -stopp in its overwhelming size , racing at high crest across the flat water and pile toward the Poseidon . close on captain / 85 captain hard leave ! helmsman hard leave , sir . cont . 85 cont . CO ) a-85 . b-85 86 87 89 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 captain ( shout ) get that bow around ! ... Close all water - tight door ! sound boat station ! the helmsman spin he wheel . insert - red general alarm insert - white ship' whistle ext.. poseidon at sea and wave - night 37 85 cont . a- 85 b-85 86 the long ship start to swing its bow toward the onrush mountain of water . int . dine salon - full shot 87 the sudden sharp turn of the ship cause the deck to slant sharply and the singer to quiet down apprehensively . close ups of we principal , startle but not panicked . int . bridge - night the Captain grab up a phone to the radio shack . captain ( yell ) spark ! SPARKS ( o.s . ) yes , sir . captain get off a May Day . SPARKS ( o.s. ) May Day , sir ? captain yes , I say May Day , May Day , May Day ! 88 8g 90 91 ( k ) a-91 259 revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 37 a int , radio room - night 90 spark reacting to the Captain 's voice . captain voice ( o.s . ) May Day , May Day ! instantly , spark talk into the radio phone . SPARKS May Day ! May Day ! May Day ! this be S. s.. Poseidon , latitude -- int . bridge . - night ( blue screen ) 91 ( k ) shoot over the back of the stunne Captain toward the oncoming wave . its foam crest loom higher and higher , mount above the bridge . three shot - reverse - onto linarcos , captain . and a-91 first officer ext . sea - night 92 the ship be not fully turn , be still beam on , as she be strike by the onrush wave . she begin to tise . the Poseidon climb to the crest cont . 259 92 cont . 93 94 95 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 4/3/72 38 92 cont . of the wave , topple into the terrible depth of the follow trough . her portside propeller thrust up , spin , from the sea . int . dine salon . 93 the deck have reverse its.slant .. now , with terrifying swiftness , it reverse once more , heaving - up , dangerously . we see virtually subliminal shot . of : a . at the Captain 's . table Scott and Linda : be throw together on the floor -- even as rogo be knock away from he wife . she start to fall away , but Scott clutches she .. together they go roll down the sloping deck . b . . on the stage crump fall into the instrument , hit a note on the amplifier which . cause the reverb to scream even higher electronically than the mount scream of woman and the frighten shouting of man .. the rest of the musical group fall backward out of sight . c . atthe- purser 's table Terry and Susan separate as Susan be sweep away . Robin hold then slide away after she . Terry hold onto the table grimly . d . at tinkham 's table Martin cling to he chair , bolt to the deck . manny and Belle disappear in the slide tangle . e . dance floor - ( nonnie dance ) the roll hit the dancer . int . different area of dine salon 94 a series of swift cut : a . the light in the stain - glass ceiling flicker , go out , flicker again crazily , the salon in alternate semi-darkness and darkness , exaggerate the chaos , make it seem like a lsd trip into a hellish place . b . dish , cup , knife , fork be hurl off the table , as the whip of the rollover progress without letup . ext . sea - night 95 the Poseidon gradually , inevitably , start she final , irrevocable roll . 259 96 97 98 a-98 b-98 99 100 101 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 5/26/72 39 ext , deck - angle back at the bridge - night 96 tilting in the wave . ext . underwater - the hull - night 97 tilting . int . bridge ~ night . 98 the duty watch cling to bridge instrument in the steep pitch of the ship . ext . crow be nest - full shot - night a- 98 as it swing , tilting sharply , against the night sky . the lookout attempt to cling to he increasingly precarious perch , but it 's a fail effort . as the Poseidon heel over , he fall out of the next , plummete into the blackness below . ext . bow area - full shot - two seamen - night b- 98 as the ship tilt sharply over , they react to the movement and the sound of the approach wave , be hurl over the railing as the angry water encroach on the bow , and fall to the deck below . int . section of bridge - night 99 the starboard window be smashed by the roaring sea . Water pour in . linarcos , first , then the Captain , the watch Officer and the other be strike by the gigantic wave and wash out of shot . int . radio room - ( to be intercut with other shot of 100 complete capsiZing ) Water smashes through the close porthole as the room start to turn upside down , fling the Radio Operator into the rise water and finally , after several intercut , deliver he up close on caméra as the . water rise above he head , submerging he completely in the upside down radio room . ext , sea - night 101 the. great ship Poseidon slide into the trough on she side like a flounder - ing whale . . her funnel scoop up the vast , follow swell behind the wave . her light flicker as she roll -- and then go out . revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 5/26/72 39 a of ~ 102 int . dine salon - series of shot ~- night 102 i , = a . . people struggle to maintain they precarious hold on bolt - down table and chair as the deck tilt over . | b . light flicker on and off . c . . people tumble over and over , fall , drop , scream , tumble 1 in upon each other . a Shots of injure people . | cont . 259 102 103 104 a- 104 -b-104 259 105 106 revised ~ " the poseidon adventure " -_ 6/28/72 40 cont. 102 cont. e. the grand piano crash along the side wall . f. then the light go out completely -- almost total darkness . over this we hear -- from deep inside the die ship -- a awful con - tinuity of sound -- splintering wood , the whine of tear metal , surging . , hissing , great booming . ext . poseidon - night 103 her keel roll up to shine in the moonlight like the wet , glisten back of some improbable sea monster . ext . poseidon - ( under water ) - night 104 the superstructure of the ship swing into the fully downward position . flame erupt from she stack . her boiler explode . machinery and debris blast outward . into the foam green depth . int . dine salon a - 104 people drop from the ceiling -- the dead in still , pile heaps here and there in semi-darkness . . terry b- 104 cling to a bolt down table on the now overhead floor . he lose he strength , plunge , yell in terror , crash through the ceiling glass below . ext . poseidon hull and keel - night 105 the huge bottom wallow in the surging trough . the propeller spin to astop . the ship gradually come to a motionless state . int . dine salon - ( capsiZed ) - full shot - darkness 106 Dead Terry in skylight -- pull back to the moment of seal - in quiet . it uncover the small , helpless noise of the injure and die . emergency light come on . this moment of seal - in quiet be one of the most important moment in we film . it must be make to contain more of horror and menace than the nerve-shatter clamor which have just precede it . for it uncover cont . -_ revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 al 106 cont. 106 cont. 107 108 110 a- 110 b- 110 259 the small , helpless noise of the injure and the die -~- murmur , moan , pleading -- the occasional tinkling drop of some errant glass or utensil . incongruously , yet spectacularly , the Christmas tree now hang upside down from the ceiling , its tinsel loop droop sadly . here and there the floor of the salon which be the glass ceiling begin to . glow dimly as its bulb cut in automatically on emergency battery . while the light : level in the salon do not regain its normal brightness , there be a over - all soft illumination . close on scott and linda 107 he move , uncover the person he have protect . linda ( daze ) Jesus Christ ! what happen ? scott we have turn over . we be upside down . 108 out qut thu 110 CUT of martin a - 110 recover . CUT of belle and manny B - 110 recover . belle manny ... manny ... manny Belle ... Belle , be you all right ? be you hurt ? belle I do not think so . she notice a cut on he forehead . cont . revised - '' the poseidon adventure " = 6/28/72 42 b- 110 cont . - b- 110 cont. on 111 112 113 a-113 259 belle you be bleed ! oh , my God ! oh , my God ! martin 111 cover . a dead woman close by with he coat -- notice glass -- see manny and Belle and move to they . the two be huddle . martin , belle and manny 112 - martin you glass , Mrs. rosen . ~ belle . look , they be not even break . thank you , Mr. Martin . martin - I be sorry ... I be really very sorry ... it do not make any sense . but they do not seem to mind . both be in shock . Belle turn , embrace Martin . we . we 113 angle on purser a- 113 he struggle up from the floor . it be obvious by he use - of only one arm that he have be badly injure . he pull himself up and sit on the edge of one of the ceiling light . people be try to struggle to they foot -- as other lie injure . purser ( address the people ) listen to I , everybody ! listen tome ! I want you all to remain where you be ! help will be here any minute . this ship be equip with water - tight compartment . just stay calm -- keep you position -- help be on the way . help be on the way . 114 cy 115 116 ) 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 43 another angle 114 Pan from sign read " happy New Year " to nonnie who push up from a mass of musical instrument and sheet music . then she see the body of she brother . he seem quite peaceful -~ as though he 's simply fall asleep . she struggle toward he . nonnie . ( tentatively ) Ted ... Ted ... Ted ... she know he 's dead . she can see that . but she can not accept or acknowledge it . nonnie come -on , teddy , let 's go ! she reach for he hand . but she 's not . go anywhere . she sit mutely , comforting the corpse -- and try not to cry . qut / out 115 angle on rogo and linda 116 rogo struggle across the room to rejoin he wife . he pull -her into he arm , hold she close . rogo Linda , Linda honey , you alright ? linda where the hell have you be ? rogo where do you think ? Flying around on my ass . linda you be never around when I need you . rogo oh , I be here now , baby . Scott hear tinkham plead for help , move to himo.s . rogo console frighten Linda . 117 118 119 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 44 closer angle - scott and tinkham 117 tinkham please , please , help I . help I . please . tinkham be gravely injure . Scott enter , kneel alongside , rip open he shirt and see the blood . he pick up a piece of tablecloth to staunch the blood . another angle . -- robin 118 search for he sister . he stumble through debris and body . robin sis ... sis ... sis ... Susan . angle on scott and tinkham 119 tinkham 's eye be open -- he 's die . tinkham ( faintly ) you. must go to the lifeboat station ... scott soon ... yeah , very soon . tinkham please ... goto ... lifeboat station . he die . Scott stare down at he a long moment -- mutter a prayer , then cover he face with the remain of the tablecloth . Scott stand alongside the dead tinkham . manny , Belle and Martin be among the people behind he -- listen to the : purser . Robin enter with back to camera . call Susan . Scott move to he . . Scott Robin , you all right ? robin yes , sir . I be all right -- but I can not -- susan's voice ( o.s. ) Robin ! reverend Scott ! they look up , reacting . eve ~ " the poseid adv re " - 6/28/72 4s 120 there p.o.v . - susan 120 huddle inside the upside - down bottom circumference of a table bolt to the deck -- now the ceiling . susan can you help I ? 121 close on scott and robin 121 scott think what to do . robin . what be you do up there , sis ? 122 close on susan 122 hover on the table . she look down . susan that 's a stupid question . 123 her p.o.v . - scott . and robin 123 below . . scott be you hurt ? susan ( shakily ) i- I do not think so . 124 another angle - scott , 124 look , see drape . scott stay perfectly still ! Scott turn back to Robin . scott you wait right here . Scott run out . cont . 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 124 cont. on . robin ? ( call up to Susan ) it will be allright . hold on , sis ! 125 angle.on scott 126 127 128 129 259 search . he find a tangle of collapse drapery . they free . qut another angle - scott return with a huge pile of tapestry . scott ( as he move through the people ) over here , everybody ! listen to I ! give I you help -- gather around . 45 a . 124-cont . 125 he tug one of qurt 126 127 ° Men move in , gather around . they each grasp a piecé‘of . the. drapery , spread it to make a net . we , ; rogo : m pull it tight , boy , pull it - tight ! they do so . Scott look up . susan 128 peer down at he fearfully over the edge of the table . favoring scott and rogo martin do you think it will hold ? scott it better. ( call up ) come on , Susan . jump ! we will catch you . 129 130 131 132 133 134 135 through 137 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 46 close on susan 130 hover on the table . she look down . her p.o.v . - the tapestry 431 be hold below by Scott and Robin and Martin and the other . it seem to be mile away . another angle - susan 132 susan ( fearfully ) I can not . scott do not be afraid . trust we ! jump ! caught up in he conviction , she ease forward , step into space , land in the heavy drapery , bounce , be catch again , then be lower gently to the ground . as Robin and Susan embrace , a terrible wrenching sound be hear . Scott look over . . he p.o.v . - the christmas tree 133 plummet down , topple over in a direction toward the serve pantry and away from the elevator area -- trapping in its path more of the survivor . . series of reaction shot 134 to the add disaster -~ Scott , . Martin , nonnie , manny and Belle , Robin and Susan , Linda and rogo . some of the woman scream -- man fall back in panic . 135 out out through 137 138 C ) if J 139 140 C - 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 5/5/72 47 angle - purser and group 138 purser listen , everyone ! please try not to panic . before this ship capsize , the Captain would have send out a s.o.s . we be still watertight . help. will come . so please stay where . you be ! angle . - scott : 139 Scott be listen to the purser with grow doubt and concern . acre ' voice ' ( o.s. , call ) reverend Scott ! : Scott : turn , look . up . scott' p.o.v . - acre the steward 140 | call down from the . service entry lead out from the pantries . the | entry with its upside - down door be now a full two deck above Scott 's head . acre could you please help I down ? I have injure my leg . . * o revised ~ " the poseidon adventure " ~ 4/3/72 : 48 141 out qut 141 142 another angle 142 scott hang on , acre . we will get you down . martin ( almost . apologetically ) Excuse I , reverend Scott .... my name be Martin . James Martin . do you - think it might be better to go up ? scott. study Martin as he continue . from the b.g. Linda and rogo approach . : . martin ( to Scott ) it. would . seem to I that any rescue attempt - will have to come to we through the bottom -- I mean the hull . rogo through the hull ? scott he 's right ! we be float upside down . so -- we have to climb up . ( call up to acre ) acre ! where do that go -- that place you be in ? acre ( from. above ) to the galley , .sir . scott then stay where you be . we be come up ! Susan and Robin and several other have : arrive during this . rogo have be listen with grow skepticism . : : rogo how the hell do you figure to get through the hull of the ship ? it 's solid steel ! cont . 259 142 cont . 49 they all . look at the boy . 259 142 cont. | robin ( volunteering ) . aft . -+- at the ' outlet . of the : propeller | shaft . - | rogo | ( clearly he do not like kid -- especially bright one ) this be not some toy boat in a bathtub , kid , so just let we figure it out , huh ? robin ( try not to be cocky ) I be sorry , sir , but the third engineer -- charley -- he tell I that back by the shaft the hull be only one inch thick . rogo you know what a inch of steel 's like , kid ? scott ( intercede ) one inch less than two inch . ( dedicated ) we be climb up ! all of we ! rogo ( defiantly ) you be climb up ! we be stay here . scott ( call up ) any ladder up there ? anything we can use to get up ? . acre no , sir . this be a linen storage area . martin tablecloth ? cont . 50 142 cont . 143 144 revised - '' the po N adventure " - 6/28/72 142 cont.1 _ acre we yes , sir . martin ( excitedly to Scott ) good . we can knot they together . scott not strong enough . Scott look around . 143 he p.o.v . - the collapsed christmas tree 144 back to scene scott something like that -- the Christmas tree .. give I a hand . Scott start out , Martin and some of the man go with he . rogo be still balk . can - oe rogo no. scott 259 ( turn back ) Mr. rogo -- be not you go to give we a hand ? rogo no. do not you hear the purser ? he say to stay put -- keep calm -- help will be here . I be stay right here . linda ( to Scott ) there he go ! my old man ! rogo look you -- cont . R = " the p = 6/28/72 51 144 cont. 144 cont. ( 3 linda '' everything by the book . ! rogo glare at she . rogo just you keep the hell out of this . scott get you ass down here ! right away . rogo turn , somewhat surprised , toward the taut- look Scott . rogo hey , you should watch you language , there , preacher . you talk like you be from the slum or something . Scott move out with the other . linda {to rogo ) you sonofabitch , go help he ! rogo okay , okay . but who the hell do he think he be ? rogo go after Scott . 145 angle on scott and the group 145 the scatter of other male passenger along with Martin , rogo range along the length of the tree . scott come on , gather around the tree . Gather around . clear the way . clear the way . we be go to lift she on three . one -- two -~ three -- 259 C ) 146 a-146 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 S1 a full shot - scott and the group 146 move into position around the Christmas tree . the purser enter the shot and take Scott 's arm . purser for God 's sake , reverend , what you be do be suicide . scott {to man ) set it down ! set it down ! ( to purser ) we be cut off from the rest of the world . they can not get to we , but maybe we can get to they . now get out of the way . purser pray for we , reverend , but do not do this . climb to another deck will kill you all . scott sitting on we butt be not go to save we . maybe by climb out we can save ourselves . and if you have get any sense you will come along with we . ( to man ) grab a : hold -~ one -- two -- three -~ the man lift the tree and start slowly move forward . they all strain , barely manage to lift the heavy tree from the deck , unbroken ornament and bit of tinsel tinkling musically as they stagger with it toward the wait . acre above they in the overturn pantry entrance . they move by the kneel nonnie , stil ! comforting she dead brother . they move past Belle and manny -- Linda , Robin ' and Susan back up with other people to clear a path . rogo ( pull to Linda ) I hope to hell you be satisfied . two shot - manny and belle a - 146 watch the man drag the tree . cont . revised - " the poseidon adventure " -_ 6/28/72 52 a-146 cont . a- 146 b-146 147 148 149 259 manny I have gotta.go and help they . he move off to help the man with the tree . Belle watch . men with the tree b- 146 the man reach the position with the tree . scott '' ' let it down . they lower the tree . : scott let 's up - end it . panning shot 147 Scott , follow by Martin and rogo move ' from : the front of the. tree to . the tip and start lift it . the other man assist . scott ( to other ) bring it .up to the waist . ( to acre above ) standby , acre . ; as they start lift , manny enter from the leave and join the man . scott ( to manny ) good work , Mr. rosen. ( all heaving ) all right , let 's go ! the top of the tree begin to rise slowly . out out 148 at the service pantry level - acre 149 watch below as the man push the tree up towards he . a- 149 — _ 150 151 152 a-152 259 revised ~- '' the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 $ 3 full shot - featuring acre a - 149 | | | shoot down onto Scott , rogo , manny , Martin and the man -- Belle , Linda , Robin and Susan among the crowd -- as the man rush the tree up , | we zoom in closer on the principal . ! acre ( as. the tree reach he ) - ' you have make it , sir . scott ' acre , can you anchor it up there ? acre . yes , sir . I think so , sir . scott good man . qut qut 150 at the pantry level . - angle on acre 151 painfully , he manage to get to one foot , brace himself against the bulk - head , get a tablecloth and tie the tree tip . through tree - onto scott , rogo , martin and manny 152 scott okay . let 's start climb up . ( to manny ) Mr. rosen , you get you wife . manny start for the ledge . at the base of the tree - favoring scott and group a - 152 look up at the top of the tree and at acre . the tree , which have come to rest at a angle of forty - five degree , have some of the aspect ofa ladder with sturdy branch emerge from either side to give foot and handhold . scott Robin ! robin yes , sir . cont. 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " = 6/28/72 a-152 cont . 153 154 Scott move up to he . scott I need a monkey -- be you game ? robin yes , sir . Scott good. boy. ( lead he inside tree ) now you climb up inside as far as you can go , then outside and Mr. acre will give you a hand . Robin start climb tree . at pantry level - robin and acre 54 a~-152 cont . 153 Robin reach it and be help up by acre .. Robin look down at the other below arid grin down at Susan . robin it 's a cinch . . at the base of the tree 154 Scott survey the mix bag of people , include manny and Belle , still huddle together nearby -- but watch everything , hearing it all . Scott all right , now the rest of we . rogo so you get we up there . then what ? scott through the kitchen -- deeper and deeper into the ship -- till we reach the hull . ( point up ) «+. that way . rogo then you kick out the bottom and swim ashore ? cont . revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 55 154 cont. 154 cont. ) i linda ' maybe you can just yell ' this be the police 's and it will open right up . rogo ( to Linda ) do not be such a smart ass . linda ( to the woman ) you can not climb in a long gown . it will have to come off . ( to Susan ) okay ? susan okay . Susan unzip she evening skirt . she have a fine , young , athletic body which she make no attempt to hide from Scott . she start up the tree as easily as she brother . — 155 two shot - scott and susan 155 Scott help Susan start up the tree . scott go up the way Robin do and do not look down . a- 155 closer angle - scott a - 155 . as Martin confront he . martin Excuse I , reverend , what about all that other people ? he gesture toward the group far down the salon with the purser . 156 close on scott . 156 look off at -- 157 he p.o.v . - the other group of survivor 157 still huddle around the purser . off to another side the ship 's chaplain be move among the injure -- search for other he can help . 259 259 158 revised - " the poseidon adventure " -_ 6/28/72 s5 a favoring scott . 158 ' Scott ' I will keep they move along here . . see if you can get the rest of they . ; to join. we . ° Martin move out , as Scott continue to hurry the rest of he group up the tree . scott ( to Linda ) all right , Mrs. rogo . up you go . but you will have to take off that long gown . rogo like hell she will ! scott she can not climb that way -- it 's too tight . rogo she do not have anything under it ! linda just panty -- what else do I need ? rogo what else do you need ?! scott ( to rogo ) give she you shirt . linda come on . rogo start to argue , but Scott move away to see Susan 's progress . scott how you come , Susan ? susan all right . scott good girl . a- 158 b-158 259 - " don adventure " -_ 6/28/72 55 B up shot - susan in the tree a - 158 she reach the top and be help over by acre .. Robin be watch . pantry level b- 158 robin ( from : above ) not bad for a girl . acre . ( urge . the two inside the pantry ) would you wait in there , miss . revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 4/3/72 - et 56 159 favoring manny and belle 159 : Belle take a religious medallion hang on a gold chain from around '' she neck , ' hold it out to . manny . i . manny what : be you do ? . belle ' T want : you to give this to little mannie . manny I be go somewhere you be not go ? | belle manny ... . manny now. what ? . belle | how long have it be since we say to each other -- I love you ? manny twenty -year ? yesterday ! belle I love you . she try to hand the medallion to manny . manny put it back on ! you will give it to he yourself . there 's .a slight shiver of the ship . the light flicker . Scott hurry in . scott we have to go . right now ! belle ( not move ) a fat woman like I can not climb . I will ( | wait . cont. 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 57 159 cont. 159 cont. — _ . cy scott . . afraid I can not let you do that , Mrs. rosen . belle Mr. Scott , you think there 's some - thing different up there than down here ? scott yes ! life ! life 's up there . he reach out he hand to she . scott ~ and life always matter -- very much -- do not it ? . belle ( nodd ) life , yes , all right , so [ will climb . co she. slip the chain and medallion back around she neck . they rise . 160 another angle 160 Belle and manny follow the other at the foot of the tree . scott you can keep you dress on -- it 's short enough . belle you think I be go to take it off ? she approach the tree . 161 moving shot with martin 161 progress from group to group among the other survivor . martin please , everybody -- follow I . lady and gentleman , there 's very little time . please everybody , you hear what the reverend say . he 's take we up toward the engine room . everyone 's , please , back this way . 259 cont . revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 6/28/72 58 161 cont. 161 cont. purser Mr. Martin , they be stay right here . martin ( to the purser ) can you see the logic ? ( to the people ) everyone -- please -- please . 162 he p.o.v . - nonnie 162 sit with she dead brother cradle in she arm . nonnie ( try to smile at the boy in she arm ) oh , please , . teddy , open you eye . you really must wake up . we have got.to do something and you know how ~-- how disorganize I be -- without you . come on , teddy , wake up , please . 163 closer angle - martin 163. martin miss ... miss . the girl look at he . martin I think you should come with I . nonnie leave he ? Martin come closer , kneel down next to the dead boy . nonnie I can not -=. I can not leave my brother . he 's all I have get . cont . 259 $ 9 163 cont . - 163 cont. martin ( softly ) what 's you name ? nonnie nonnie . martin 164 165 259 ( very gently ) nonnie , you brother 's dead . nonnie ( a long beat ) do you like he music ? martin iwould have dance to it -- if I would have somebody to dance with . nonnie we would have win the Festival , you know . no 'doubt about that . we really would have win . Martin hold out he hand . martin I know you would . now -- please come . she slide out , gently let teddy 's head rest .on the ceiling . she take martin' . hand . he lead she back toward the Christmas tree . at the tree 164 a Belle be halfway up , struggle , she face wet with perspiration . manny a little higher , Belle . just keep go -- just a little higher . int . tree - belle 165 stop , cling to the branch . she be wedge among they . cont . revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 7/7/72 60 165 cont . . 165 cont. ' ) / , belle ~ tca not .. ica not get up there . '' manny yes ; , . you can .. belle : - tca not -- ica not . I be stick in the spoke . manny come -on , Belle , come on . belle : how much further ? manny just a little further . a-165 linda . a- 165 she raise . she eye to the heaven and shrug . 166 angle - scott 166 Scott leap to the tree , scamper up , get a shoulder and one upraise palm under Belle 's fanny -- and shove . 167 above ~ at pantry level 167 with acre , robin.and Susan already up . Belle be literally propel upward by Scott 's strength and forcefulness . she collapse . Scott remain below on the tree . . . scott Excuse I for get so familiar . belle that 's all right . what else could youdo ? Mrs. Peter Pan I be not . Scott climb back down to where rogo and Linda wait . 259 168 169 through 173 174 175 revised . - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/7/72 61 at base ' of tree 168 scott ( to Linda ) ; be youready ? Linda : approach the tree .. sy scott i ( to rogo ) you follow she . | rogo you ever say " please ? " scott if it will get you up the tree . -- " please ! " 169 ouT out through 173 another angle 174 rogo give Scott a long look , then start climb . Martin arrive with nonnie . martin ( to Scott ) this be nonnie . she 's come with we . scott what about the other ? martin nobody want to listen . they seem to have more confidence in the purser than in we . Scott look out at : he p.o.v . - the semi - darkness : 175 and the cluster of survivor remain behind , most of they huddle around the purser in a dantean environment . the only figure move be that of the ship 's chaplain , still try to find survivor , and one or two other officer help . revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/7/72 62 176 " close on scott 176 a see : the chaplain . he moves. out . : 7 scott - ( over : he : shoulder ) '' help she up , mrz : Martin ! then follow ' - ! herl . - . 177 . - favoring martin : and nonnie '' 177 . watch : scott. hurry off toward . the distant . silhouette of the . chaplain . then Martin help 's nonnie climb . manny and Belle have reach the top . a-177 —s linda : 2 : ' apl77 climb the tree . : 178 in the tree , / : 178 . Martin seem to-have take a especially tender interest in the girl ) . he guide . she up , place she hand on a branch , encourage she , smile . at.her , urging she upward . ae 179 scott : 179 as he approach the chaplain , who 's be comforting a injure passen - ger . there be 'a silence . as the two man consider each other . scott ( finality ) you do not tell I what you think of my sermon this afternoon . chaplain you do not ask I . scott I be ask now . chaplain you speak only for the strong . . scott I be ask you to be strong . come with we . cont . 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " -_ 7/7/72 179 cont . 180 a- 181 b~-181 259 181 chaplain I can not leave this people . iknow itca not save they . and I suspect we will die .. but I can not leave they .. : scott they do not want to come . they have choose to stay but why should you ? . what good be you life then ? what have . it all be for ? to die on you knee , , bless the weak ? chaplain ( a : long beat 's , rise ) T have no other choice . 63 179 cont . Scott extend he hand . the chaplain move down to he , take it , kneel ... scott John , I be not go to give up . at , the tree Martin be just follow nonnie over the top . add CUT Belle and manny on top . nonnie and martin reach top . int . dine salon Scott climb up onto chair hold chaplain 's hand . the survivor . scott {on chair ) can I have you attention , please ! can I have you attention , please ! Linda and rogo reach the top . 180 a- 181 b-181 181 Scott shout at cont . 181 cont . 64 181 cont . | some daze head turn in he direction , look up at he figure domin- ating the room . scott that be the way-out ! that 's you only chance ! some of the people stir , wonder , question , look at : the purser . purser do not listen to he ! we have - get to stay here until help arrive . scott help from where ? the Captain ? he 's dead . everybody 's dead who be : above we when the ship turn over -— because now they be under - neath we -~ under : water ! purser that 's not true . scott ( drive on ) it 's true -- you pompous ass . there 's nobody alive but we ! nobody 's go to help we -~ except ourselves ! it 's up to each one of you ! up to we ! together ! purser do not listen to he ! he know nothing about this ship ! first man we be stay here . woman the purser 's right . second man why do not you mind you own business ? Scott turn to the chaplain . cont . revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 7/7/72 64 a 181 cont.1 : : 181 . cont.1 ~ : , : | cc 2 scott ~ ( clasp hand ) | God bless . ! chaplain God bless you . - Scott move 's to the tree and start climb it to the pantry shelf . scott ( reach top , turn , to the people below ) I be go . to appeal to you for the last time . t man ( below ) you do not know what you be talk ! about . i scott I know this much ! the sea be go to keep pour in -- we be go to keep settling deeper and deeper . we may even go under before we get up to the bottom and try to cut we way out -- but it 's something to try . it 's a chance . we might make it . but if you stay here you will certainly die . for God 's sake -- come with I . . please , I beg of you . q man ( below ) we be stay with the purser . 182 scott' p.o.v . - the face of the people 182 they stare up at he dully , sheep wait for they shepherd to lead they . they murmur to one another . 183 close on scott 183 as he look down at they . pity and compassion be on he face . he turn away , move into the pantry . 259 259 . ' 184 185 186 187 revised - " the poseidon adventure " -_7/7/72 64b int . service pantry 184 . the-entire group be gather within the pantry area and the corridor lead - ing back from it . the pantry ceiling ( now the floor ) be litter with break dish , scattered . silverware and linen which have tumble out of closet . a.coffee urn have capsize over napkin and tablecloth . Scott move . into the pantry . - . rogo you could not talk anybody else into : come ? scott no ; we be on we own . at that : moment the. ship lurch . scott get. back : -- get back ! ext . sea ~ the . poseidon ~ night . 185 . roll , settles deeper . int . service pantry 186 Scott and the other be pitch violently to one side , then the other . there be a-terrify woosh 0.s . Scott hurry back to the pantry ' open . at the pantry level - he p.o.v. of the dine salon 187 a huge geyser explosion burst from one of the skylight , send smoke , oil and a column of water lancing up into the dining salon and dousing the survivor huddle around the purser . 7 259 188 189 190 191 192 193 194 195 196 65 close on scott 188 reacting : he ' p.o.v . ~ the flooding . sea 189 shoot higher and higher . int .. dine salon - the survivor 190 scream , fall back in terror from the oncoming sea . . some of they surge toward : the Christmas tree . at the : pantry level .- favoring scott 191 he grab the. top of the tree :to steady it . scott ( shouting down ) do not panic ! _ come up one at .a time ! ' angle down at the mob 192 they crush ’gach other in they effort to gain the tree before the water reach they , strike : and pull at each other to be the first up . favoring scott 193 struggle to keep from be whipped out into space by the frantic claw - ing and tug at its base . full.shot 194 the weight below be too much . the tree crumple under the weight of the mob , . Scott : have to let go to : avoid be pull off he perch : above . the tree crash 's down , smash in upon the people below . at the pantry level - close shot 195 Scott stare down at the tragedy . he turn and exit . int . service pantry and red FIRE door 196 Scott turn , angle widen . . camera 's move with Scott to where Martin have be bandage acre ' knee '' ' Scott take in instantly the skillful job Martin have do , then assess . the condition of the other , who look at he queStioningly . cont . = " poseidon adventure " -_ 7/7/72 196 cont . 197 259 martin what : happen ? scoTtr ( to : acre ) which : way to the kitchen , acre ? acre : ( rise painfully ) this. way , sir . 66 196 cont . he limp . forward . camera : move with the two ... through the vestibule toward : a heavy steel door -~ - a fire doorpainted red . below it a red light flash . angle toward the door they look at the red light . scott what be that ? . acre - Fire , sir .. scott that be . a. special fire door , be not it ? acre yes , sir . . a safety door . scott close automatically at high temper - ature .. right ? acre yes , sir . scott so any fire back there would have run out of oxygen -- be smother . acre that 's the theory , sir . cont . 97 revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - v/t/72 67 197 cont. : os 197 cont. | | ( 3 scott . --..~ ~ ~ all. right , let 's test it . '' '' get the : other : to. flatten themselves against the bulkhead ... '' rogo's : voice ( 0.8 ) hold it ! Scott glance . around . to see rogo. stand just behind they with he usual belligerence . . rogo do. you know . what : a flash fire be ? well , . mister , I be . not. go to let you kill we . scott I be go : through that door , mr.. . rogo ! . you can either stand aside . _and close that door to keep the air from come . in or you can try to co : stop I . so what 's it go to be ? 198 closer angle - scott . and rogo 198 rogo I always : figure I would get it by some crumbum in some dirty tenement . ( almost : as : though . he 's. give order ) okay . open. the door . acre ( to the other ) okay , will you please stay back by the wall ? a-198 pan shot - acre a - 198 get the principal back . acre would you move back against the bulk - , head -- please , would you move back -- nod move over there . thank you . 259 259 199 200 - 201 202 203 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 4/3/72 : 68 another angle 199 Scott nod , then look back . p.o.v. shot 200 the rest of the party press against ' the bulkhead . angle . , 201 Scott touch the door experimentally , pull he hand back at the scorch - ing heat . he pick up a serve cloth from where it lie next to a fall tray of food , pad he hand against the heat . rogo have place himself against the wall to one side of the fire door . Scott -- without further hesitation -- wrestle the door open . smoke billow out , envelop he , but there be no flame chase it . int . kitchen 202 Scott step into the smoky chamber as rogo slide the door close after he . Gas flame from the stove which hang upside down in the long , divide room light Scott 's way . in the dim light , the dead per - sonnel can be see . food from overturn cauldron be ankle deep be - tween the pipe and overhead gasline which now intersect the foot . Scott cover he face with the serve cloth , start to pick he way toward : the far end of the chamber , disappear into the smoke . int . service pantry and passageway near FIRE door - 203 favoring rogo grimly wait . the rest ’ofthe group be in b.g. ' wait tensely . rogo glance up as he see Martin come in from the pantry . martin what if he do not come back ? rogo how the hell do I know ? martin we have to do_something . I mean -- we have to formulate some kind of plan . meanwhile , what do I tell the other ? cont. cn 259 69 203 cont. 203 cont. 204 rogo ( sarcastically ) tell they to.open they hymn book and sing " nearer my God to thee . " | suddenly the fire door slide open . . Scott appear from out of the smoke . scott . okay ! rogo okay , what ? scott.do not answer , but close the door , hasten toward the pantry area , rogo and : Martin come after he . int . service pantry - the group 204 wait tensely , silently . they all react with relief to Scott 's reappear - ance . - scott ( to acre ) the other side of the kitchen -- { there 's a companionway -- where do it go ? acre down to ... I mean , up toward Broadway . scott what 's Broadway ? acre a serviceway run the length of the ship . scott do Broadway lead to the engine room ? acre I do not . know much about below - deck operation , sir , but I imagine there might be access from that area . cont. 70 . 204 cont. 204 cont. robin there : be ! they all look at he . . Robin look at rogo with some trepidation . -rogo you. again ? robin ( drop he eye ) sorry , sir . - scott Robin , you . were. say that Broadway lead to the engine room . how do you . know that ? robin well , that 's the way I go with my engineer friend . he call it Broadway when he take I down to see the boiler . Scott : turn to the other . -scott well , there itis . rogo so.we go to take he word ? scott why not ? rogo he 's just . a kid -- that 's : why not ! linda he hate kid . . it be the three year he spend in juvenile : as 'a kiddie cop . Scott turn from they to manny and Belle . { a cont . 259 204 cont.1 soy 205 206 207 208 209 259 _ int . kitchen - close moving shot - susan revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/19/72 71 _ scomt Mrs. rosen , I will try to promise you , no more Christmas tree . belle ( smile ) I will be grateful ! Martin help acre to he foot . Scott move toward the kitchen , the other trooping after he . another . angle - at the kitchen entrance 205 Scott stop for a moment , turn back to the group scott there be dead people in here . not a pretty sight , so ~-- do not look . acre , you follow I . ' he open the door , then disappear into the smoke , acre just behind ; he , then Susan and Robin . 206 : move through the carnage . in spite of Scott 's caution , she stare '' down in horror at : | her p.o.v . - a dead cook 207 ' susan 208 ' tum away nauseate , feel she way forward . close moving shot - martin and nonnie 209 he be ahead of she when he see the dead man . Martin reach back , hold she hand , as he lead she past . 204 cont.1 ed = " p " = 6/19/72 7a a-209 close moving shot - belle and manny | a -209 poe ! as they start through the kitchen , she see the flame . come out of the burner and react to they in fear . belle manny , I be scared . let 's go back . we will go back . . manny for thirty year you have be tell I what todo . nowli be tell you . we be go through ... belle - no , no , no ... shield she from the flame with he body and he jacket , he push she almost roughly past the danger point and towards the exit door . 210 full shot 210 _ the first of the group reach the far door of the kitchen , open it and '' quickly move through . ( the door be leave open by the last of the group se through . ) 259 72 211 int . first 's passageway 211 the long corridor have a eerie look , its ceiling light now glow from the floor through the slowly dissipate smoke . the group proceed up the invert corridor until they reach the foot of a invert stairway . 212 at the foot ' of the stairway 212 angle up the invert flight of step -- a nightmarish : reversal of norm . where ' step : would ordinarily be be : a long steep metallic slope ( the underside of the step . ) the : handrail : be above the slope and beyond the :reach of any except the tallest : man . 213 close on scott 213 study the slope . 214 another : angle - robin and acre 214 arrive behind he , then . Susan : advance down the passageway . scott - any other way ? acre no , sir . scott so we go up . right , acre ? Scott seize the railing above he head and grip the surface with he foot proceed to ease himself backwards up the steep : slope . 215 close 'on susan 215 arrive and : watch scott. 216 her:p.o.v ..- scott 216 he make the top without too much difficulty , disappear into the passageway above . 217 int .. second passageway - moving with scott 217 explore it -- to he bafflement : and consternation , the next flight of stair do not lead to the next deck up . 259 oo 259 218 219° 220 221 revised -_ " the poseidon adventure " - 7/7/72 73 int , first passageway - ata FIRE - fighting station 218 a coiled hose be . behind a glass door .. Martin open the door , uncouple the : fire hose , load . it over he shoulder and run : back to the staircase . another angle . - scott : 219 , tun back . to the top of the first staircase . at the foot of the staircase 7 " 220 : Martin come . in with the fire hose . -martin : : ( call up ) 's focus tiget reverend ; here. , try this . Martin heave up a part of the :hose , Scott snagging it in mid-air and fasten it . to the top of the railing . ' scott : ( call : down ) acre , you first .. I need you . roge , give he a hand . rogo ( mumble to himself ) rogo ' ... rogo ’...- rogo ... martin Mr. rogo , put this around he waist . that 's it . easy now . he begin to push and heave acre as acre hold onto the hose and go up hand . over hand , rogo follow and help he make it to the next level . int . second passageway 221 acre and rogo join Scott . Scott hand the upper section of hose to rogo . scott use this . get they up as fast as '' you can . rogo I guess what it be I do not like about you , Scott , be you attitude . or do you think it go deeper ? cont . revised - '' the poseidon adventure " ~ 7/7/72 74 221 cont. : . 221 cont .. a-221 259 - scotr maybe we be two.of a kind , Mr. rogo , and . you. can not stand look at yourself ! ( to acre ) through this door , acre ? _ " + °» acre oo no , sir . that 's the crew 's galley , : . hade sir . it 's : that way , sir . . ( Scott help he ) thank you . ~ scott ( to rogo ) get the rest of they . rogo yes , sir . | Scott and acre move off . rogo indicate hose . rogo - ( to that below ) grab hold of this ! all right , come on.up .. let 's go ! . second passageway - acre ' and scott a-221 scott I be surprised that the light be still work . : . acre I 'ts on emergency circuit on battery . they be suppose to stay operational for three mur . Scott be consider this as he arrive with acre at the end of the passage . '' he turn the corner into another passage clearly intend to lead they to the next deck up , but its companionway have be collapse by one of the explosion and completely block the passage . acre look at the wreckage , shake he head , defeat . scott well -- cont . revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/7/72 740 a-221 cont . ~ a -221 cont. _ acre . there 's . no other exit from this . section , - sir. scomt . there 's get to be ! now'think ! 222 int .. first passageway - at the inverted staircase - 222 259 angle .on belle rosen on she bounteous bottom , the hose about . she waist and a grim look on : she face , she be be haul backward up the slope of the invert stair - case by : rogo : in the’ passageway above with Robin lend a hand . manny remain at the foot of the staircase with the other and watch he wife be tug upward .. oo * it 's all . right , Belle . you be all tight . go ahead : -— pull . belle ( be pull up ) manny , my pear , my pearl . . manny forget the pearl . I will buy you some more . belle I know one thing -- everybody 's go to get pretty tired haul two ton tilly along all the time . linda right on , baby -- right on . robin ( from the top ) do not worry , Mrs. rosen . I help my dad pull in a six - hundred pound swordfish off Hawaii . they heave with a will and Belle reach the top . rogo toss one end of the hose back to that below . Susan , Robin , rogo and Belle be all onto the second level by now . on 223 224 225 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/7/72 75 =-75 a int . second passageway - close shot - on a vent 223 adjacent to the blocked area see before two large mesh-metal door . lock at they center . acre . : 's ( pick : up metal . bar ) try this ; sir . x °.( hand .. steel piece ° to : Scott ) Scott jam the : steel bar into the crack , twist , pries . the hatch open . the : door open upon a small closet . in which electrical switch and meter : be set . -— and between they a. panel door two foot by three . scott.open . the panel . hinge with a double : latch , peer into the : semi — dark . space beyond . lee ~ . acre " - ( as : Scott crawl into : area ) : tthink that 's it , sir , down there on the right .. scott this : lead to a central shaft ? acre . - that 's. what I have be tell . scott where 's : the shaft lead . to ? scott' p.o.v . - the horizontal AIR duct 224 enough light appear 's at the far end to reveal a tube- like passageway only about three foot in diameter . favoring scott 225 study . the space . acre i. gather there 's a exit at all deck level like this one ... ( pause ) it do not look too promise , do it , sir ? cont . revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/7/72 76 225 cont. - 225 cont . Scott pause , think , then slowly -- scott no , it do not . 226 first . passageway 226 ° _ belle ( o.s.. from. top ) manny , you promise I no more climb . . manny I be come , Belle , I be come . nonnie look off , scream in terror . 227 nonnie be p.o.v . - the passage from the kitchen 227 Water be pour out through the open fire door lead to the kitchen ' and flow quickly along the passageway toward nonnie and the rest of the group still below . 228 favoring nonnie 228 scream again , rush to Martin for protection . Martin , nonnie and Linda be still below as manny rosen be haul up to the next level . 229 int . second passageway . 229 Scott head toward the passageway , acre remain at the open vent . 230 int . first passageway 230 Water swirl around the ankle of the three people , nonnie petrify , still hang onto Martin . linda the : water 's come in -~ the water 's come in ! ( to nonnie , scream ) shut up ! come on -- get up this God - damn ramp . cont . 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " -_ 7/7/72 76a_ 230 cont. 230 cont. Martin . virtually throw nonnie . up to rogo and Scott , who have arrive at the stair head . martin we- all can not be as. compose as you be , . Mrs. rogo . linda . are. you go to lecture I now ? hurry , come on -~ pull -— pull ! ( as : she and Martin side by side climb up ) . . rogo ( from above ) comeon ! come -on ! 231 . int . second passageway 231 . Scott turn back to rogo . y ° scott rogo , bring everybody down this way ! Scott run out .again , back toward acre wait at the vent . rogo everybody -- this way ! linda this be a bunch of crap ... we be sink and nothing 's go to keep we from drown . rogo keep it move . manny he 's right , Mrs. rogo . there be air pocket all over this ship . they all start down the passageway . cont . 259 232. 233 - 234 259 D - " poseidon adventure " - 7/7/72 77 | 231 . cont. , 231 cont. linda . Air pocket ? . for manny ( continue , as they 's walk ) just because that deck flood do not mean this : one will . second passageway - closer angle - nonnie 232 . wait for Martin . once he 's up , she move to he in need of reassur - ance . she try not to look down at the water swirl in the passageway below . . nonnie how long will we stay afloat ? martin ( gently ) Long enough . robin . the andrea doria stay up ten hour before she sink . martin you. see , nonnie , we do not have any - thing . to worry about . we have a long time to go . Martin press nonnie 's hand . his confidence begin to become she confidence . rogo come on , come on , keep move . he herd they down the way the other have go . 233 - qut : out 234 259 235 revised - " the poseidon adventure " ~ 7/7/72 78 int . second passageway ~ at the vent 235 Scott wait for the group to catch up . he watch they as they stare at the tiny open in consternation . scott . this : duct lead . to a vertical air shaft . belle through that little hole ? . scott that : little hole , as you call it , be go to . lead : we out of here and up to : Broadway . now , we have climb four deck , so far -— we have . get two more to : go . ( indicate vent ) and this : be the only way out . belle . you expect a person to fit in there ? scott Mrs. rosen , you can crawl right . through there , believe I ! ( go into duct ) manny she have this illusion ~~ all the time think she 's fat . scott ( from vent area , to rogo ) Mr. rogo , you follow I . rogo ( go into. vent ) oh , that . figure -- I again , huh ? why ? scott ( in vent area ) because when we get to the end of this duct , it will take both of we to help the other up ... cont . revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/7/72 79 235 cont. 235 cont. '' scott. go into the duct follow . by rogo. scott ( from. duct ) . } Mr. Martin . -— martin | yes , sir . soe scott | you. last and : make sure everyone 's . account . for . martin okay : , reverend . . linda . ( enter ) . I be go next . if ole fat ass get stick . in there -- I do not want to be catch behind she . ( enter . the duct ) a manny and Belle exchange glance .. he turn to Robin and Susan . manny come on , kid , you be next . ( push : they to - ward vent.opene ) belle ( to manny , hand he she pearl ) manny , if I get stick , push I . manny do not worry , darling , you will not get stick . martin okay , nonnie , you be next . nonnie no , no , with you -- with you . cont . 259 259 revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 7/7/72 79 a 235 cont.1 . : 235 cont. martin : ( to : acre ) mr... acre : ;. would . you mind -- please . | acre 's yes , sir .. . : martin thank. you . 236 int . first horizontal duct — series of cut - the 236 people . Scott in the lead , other . crawl , other enter , maintain the order of march . : this 's individual . shot be all to be close , give we the feel of be jamme within the tube . 237 ° int . vertical shaft . - at the first horizontal duct — 237 close moving . shot - scott arrive at the vertical shaft . it 's a large , dimly - light , circular air shaft , some twelve foot across , stretch up and down almost the entire length of the ship . ' horizontal duct open into it every nine foot . Scott look down . 238 239 240 241 242 243 244 259 80 he p.o.v . ~ semi - darkness 238 i | we hear the sound of water bubbling . the shaft seem to stretch end - lessly below . , : close on scott 239 look up : he p.o.v..-a glow of - light . 240 far above , give perceivable . shape to the much larger diameter of this vertical shaft . along one side - the rung of a iron ladder lead both up - ward . and downward . from above the noise of scuffling , the ringing of shoe on metal overhead be suddenly hear . close on scott 241 reacting to the sound of other survivor . scott ( shouting upward ) hello ! hello up there ! hello ! a his '' hello " echoe . , . " hello ... hello ... hel - lo ... " he p.o.v . - the glow of light 242 above - but no response --- only the sound of distant movement . int . vertical shaft ~- at first horizontal duct 243 Scott . step - out onto the ladder , follow by rogo : - who move down : a few step to - be in - a better position to help : Linda . . she - let out a grateful exhalation , until she see the terrifying pit of the shaft , the rise water below . Scott smile at she . scott keep close to I . -- and do not look down . he start up , Linda after he . int . first horizontal duct - close moving shot - belle 244 pull and tug herself through the narrow duct . . she move out of shot . as : manny move in . 259 245 . a-245 . 246 . 247 248° revised -. " the poseidon adventure " ~ 7/7/72 81 int . second passageway - at entrance to duct . - 245 nonnie , martin and acre Martin hear something , look . around , react to : he 'p.o.v.. — water a- 245 flow toward he along the passage from the : invert staircase -- clearly : the deck they have : just . leave be now flood . another angle ~ martin : 246 move closerto nonnie to prevent she from see the oncoming water . qut a we 247 martin : and 's nonnie . 248 : martin ( try to keep she move ) now , . come along or we will lose the other . nonnie you will . be right behind I ? martin like two peas in a pod . ( hear , turn and see . water ) quickly . she. move into the duct . martin in you go . both crawl through . 249 - 250 251 -a-251 b-251 259 martin look back again at the oncoming water . hiis'p.o.v. Water rush closer . martin climb in -.after nonnie . 82 249 — we 250 251 a-251 b-251 revised - '' the poseidon adventure " ~- 7/7/72 83 o-251 int . duct - shoot out c-251 towards second corridor , past Martin as he climb in past camera . we hold a moment , then seawater surge toward camera . note : Series of cut -— water move up toward duct open . 252 . int .. vertical shaft - at the 's third horizontal duct 252 Scott , Linda , Susan and Robin , all.on the ladder , strung up from below , : Scott climb into camera .. Scott reach the third horizontal duct , look down to check on the other below , then climb into it . 253 vertical shaft - coming out of duct . 253 + rogo be : in open wait to help the other . Susan come out first .. rogo - ( to Susan ) alright , up . you go -- do not look down . just go up the ladder -- watch you foot and you leg . she start up . rogo . ( to Robin ) . here -- give Mrs. rosen a hand . {as Belle come . out of the duct ) _ how you do , Mrs. rosen ? belle ( wiping face ) Fine , fine -- I think I be get my second wind . how you do , Mr. rogo ? rogo Fine , fine . Belle look down , see height and water . rogo no , no , no . do not worry -- just look up . belle manny , be you there ? 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/7/72 834 a-253 close shot - manny in duct a-253 a - i ' ; manny where else could I be ? . ' - 7 b-253 ° back to scene ae .. bh253 4 Belle be . climb behind Robin who look down at she , panting below he . robin a I do not mean it to sound the way it ee do . tw . - belle I miss something . robin . when . I tell you about dad 's six - hundred pound swordfish . I do not want you to think I mean . you weigh that much . belle with everything that 's happen -- that 's what you have be worry about ? . } robin sure .. what else ? ~ belle you be a good boy . robin tell my sister . shoot onto Robin , Belle , manny move through duct toward camera . belle Robin , thank you -- you go first . robin alright , Mrs. rosen . belle but do not go too fast . {to manny ) manny , you right behind I ? cont. 259 revised -_* pos adven ' " = 7/7/72 b-253 cont . 254 a-254 b-254 d-254 e-254 manny . you. have not lose I yet . int . third horizontal pucr - shoot through side . onto . scott 4 follow . by Linda . int . third horizontal duct - shoot through side onto susan int . third horizontal duct -- shoot through side onto robin , belle and manny as . they go through . robin 's tcan.see the end , Mrs. rosen . - belle I be glad , Robin -- manny , hurry it up . int . third horizontal duct - at outlet - passageway 7 see in b.g , — a254 . 83b b-253 cont . 25400 b-254 c-254 Scott , follow by Linda , arrive at end . he start shouting and kick at grill . scott ( yell out ) hey , hey there . ( to Linda ) ~ Press against my back . push . , he shove the grill out . int . third horizontal duct - at outlet d-254 shoot straight on overlap Scott unloosen and kick grill out . he get out , help Linda out , then Susan who appear . int , third horizontal duct - close shot - susan in duct watch Scott as he kick the grill out . e-254 259 255 256 257 258 259 260 261 262 263 int . vertical shaft - on the ladder 255 acre be now near the top of the shaft on the ladder . below he nonnie : and Martin on the way up -- rogo just start he climb . int . broadway - at the . outlet of the third duct 256 Scott be help . Susan out . . she react to : her.p.o.v.. -- the figure of a man 257 just ahead , propped against a serve cart overturn in the passageway . he be dead , ' : ' St . susan 258 look shocked -- and sick . from somewhere deep within the ship a rumbling explosion shake the vessel . Susan bury herself against Scott 's chest , cling to-him --- a'mixture of fear and physical attraction in she young body toward he . strength and authority . ext :. sea - the poseidon underwater - night 259 explosion rocket out from the down - point stack . the ship roll and lurch from the force of the release energy . the hull settles even deeper into the sea . int . vertical . shaft - angle down at the group on the 260 ladder shake by the lurching roll . closer angle . - acre 261 lose he foot , plunge from the top of the ladder toward the seethe water below . angle on nonnie 262 push in against the ladder fearfully as : acre fall past.her . she force herself to look down . int . bottom of vertical shaft - at water - her.p.o.v. - 263 acre plunging into the water below . 264 265 259 rogo - on the ladder 264 see . acre surface in the. water now only eight foot below he . - acre . be struggle for breath , try to thrash he way to the ladder . . rogo move down the rung to help he , come to within three foot of the water when a explosive blast lift the surface . and acre upward , the water engulf he fora moment . ' but rogo cling to the ladder and the : water fall back , leave he soaking wet but still on the ladder . rogo look down again for acre , but the surface be black and empty now . . a torrent of seawater shoot out of the duct just above rogo 's head , cascade down toward the rise water in the shaft . rogo.fight he way through the horizontal stream , scamper up the ladder to safety and continue swiftly now toward the other above he . rogo ( shouting upward ) move it ! . move it ! int . vertical -shaft - angle on nonnie and martin 265 freeze in place on the ladder , terrify by what she have see . Martin climb - up , put he body over hers , he foot next to hers on the ladder . nonnie I be ... sorry ... I ... ( paralyze ) .. I can not move . . martin ( gently ) keep you eye on the ladder . do not look . at anything -- except the ladder . . I be right here . I be with you . you understand that ? nonnie yes . martin now ... one rung at.atime . just reach up you hand . do not think of anything but the ladder . go ahead , nonnie . she reach one hand up to the next rung . a-265 oe b-265 266 267 4 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/19/72 86 down shot - rogo on ladder below a- 265 he look up impatiently . back on nonnie and martin b-265 -martin now ~~ you foot ... and step up ... she obey he . martin . that 's it -- that be the tough one ~-- that first one -- now -- again ... close two shot - nonnie and martin 266 after a moment , she begin with he help , to move slowly upward . int . broadway complex - at the outlet of the third 267 duct Scott help Susan and Robin out of the vent . robin thank you , reverend scott. ( to Susan ) you alright , sis ? as Scott be help Belle out . -- belle omumble as she exit ) that terrible explosion -- what 's happen ? . scott : ( crouching and sit ) I do not know -- we be still afloat . _ linda nlook off ) look ! they all react to the sound of people walk slowly o.s. 268 ty | | 269 270 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/19/72 86 a there p.o.v . - toward broadway 268 a group of some twenty people be see dimly move past the intersection along the passage . the group be head towards the bow , but straggling like the walk dead . . back to ext . of vent 269 we people reacting at the sight . manny - my God ! there be other people still alive . scott ( to manny ) you stay here . help the other out . I will see where they be go . he move off to the intersection . ' int . broadway - at the intersection 270 t the Broadway be exceptionally wide -- stretch fore and aft the whole length of the huge liner . the way be light by a rag glimmer of light in the invert ceiling . Scott fall in with the group , some in - i jure , other with make- shift bandage . the people seem numbe and sheep -like , a mixture of ship 's service personnel and some passenger . ' the group be be lead by the Doctor . we also recognize the nurse who be aid the injure passenger . cont . 259 revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 6/5/72 87 270 cont. 270 cont. 271 272 scott ( to nurse whom | he recognize ) where be you go ? ) nurse we be follow the Doctor . Scott look toward the head of the line , see he and move forward . moving with scott 271 push he way through the silent stream of survivor . moving shot - with the doctor 272 at the head of the line . he seem a little daze . Scott manage to shove he way forward until he be abreast of he . we continue move with they as dialogue play over . . scott _ Doctor ! you be go the wrong way ! the Doctor do not bother to look at Scott , simply keep forage ahead stoically . scott you be go toward the bow ! doctor ( finally ) that 's right , reverend . scott you will never get out that end . doctor why not ? scott we be settling by the bow . it 's already underwater . if you be go anywhere at least go uphill -- toward the stern . and try to get out through the engine room . cont . revised - '' the poseidon adventure " ~ 6/5/72 88 272 cont. 272 cont. | doctor of for the engine room 's go . scott how do you know ? : ; doctor the explosion ... you must have feel they . only way out be . forward . scott do you see the engine room ? do you check it ? ; doctor I do not have to : we be go forward . | the Doctor plod forward , Scott stay behind , watch the group trudging after they leader . as the nurse reach he -- nurse please come with we , reverend . '' you will die if you do not . ' she stare at he a moment , then move on . Scott look after they ' CO grimly , then go back toward the intersection he 's leave behind . 273 int . broadway - at the outlet of the third duct 273 the entire group be now assemble at the junction as Scott hurry back '' toward the group , sense something wrong . he look inquiringly at rogo . " rogo '' we lose acre ! Scott stare at he . martin in the shaft . he fall . Scott push toward rogo . scott ( sharply ) _ where the hell be you ? rogo be that suppose to mean something ? scott I tell you to keep everybody round up ! cont. 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " =~ 6/19/72 89 273 cont . 273 cont . ~ Mr. rogo try he best to get he : out . but it be not ... possible . rogo | ( to-martin ) you do not have to defend I ...! ( to Scott , flaring angrily ) . ; I have have enough of you , preacher ! who do you think you be --- God himself ? scott the man be hurt ! he need you protection ! rogo all right , so he be hurt . the boat : tilt and he fall . the shaft bléw : up and then he die . that 's it . : unless you want to make something os ' more out of it . + Scott seem to take acre 's loss personally . Martin have be watch . the heat exchange between rogo and Scott , he eye revealing he '' ) awareness toward -- and concern about -- Scott 's mount obsessive - | hess . martin , ( tentatively ) Mr , Scott .... scott ( with grow inten - sity , ignore Martin ) I say I be go to get everybody out and , by God , I be go to do it ! martin ( suddenly insistent ) Mr. Scott ! Scott look at he , as though for the first time . cont . 259 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/19/72 90 273 cont.1 " 273 cont.1 martin all that people . where be they go ? | scott they be go to the bow but they be wrong . the bow 's under water . rogo ( shouting ) how do you know ? why be you so damn sure about everything ! if that many people think they be do the right thing , we should follow they ! not you ! scott that 's brilliant -- brilliant . if twenty people choose to drow they - selve , so that make it right . that 's typical . everything by the number . . rogo ( lunge at he ) by Christ ... Martin and the other separate they . martin ( gently intercede ) if I may suggest something , I think the rest of we would feel more secure if you two would stop shouting at each other : there be a long silence during which Scott and rogo continue to measure each other . linda what do you want we to do ? cont . 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " ~ 6/19/72 273 cont.2 scott let 's make a deal ! I will go back to the stern and see if the engine room be passable . if they be , we will go forward . you stay here -- look around for anything we can use to help we . but keep in this immediate area ! he start away . rogo hey , preacher ! Scott look back . rogo be tapping he wristwatch . rogo you have get fifteen minute ! if you ass be not back here in fifteen minute , we be go the other way . scott '' ( come back to they ) you be on . Scott run out . they watch he go . manny ( to rogo ) Mr. rogo , would not it be a good idea to try and look around and find some food or anything that can help we . rogo sure , sure . he and Linda go off . manny okay , everybody take a look around . cont . 91 273 cont.2 sd revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 6/19/72 273 cont.3 belle ( to manny ) manny , wait a second -- I want to ask you something . 92 273 cont. 3 | | they move to sit as we go with Susan and Robin . nonnie move off | with Martin . Susan turn to Robin . susan ( almost a whisper ) listen , Robin -- I be go to follow Mr. Scott . robin I be go to help find thing . susan ( impatient ) okay ! okay ! but do not stray too far . | Susan hurry off in the direction take by Scott . Robin start down the Broadway in the opposite direction , camera follow , then move in on manny and Belle , seat wearily on a duct . a-273 ' manny and belle 259 belle : i manny , you still get you handkerchief ? manny ( reach ) it 's not very clean . belle let 's face it -- we be never . go to see we little grandson , be we ? manny you have to think positively , darling . we will see he . we will see he . cont . a-273 a~273 cont . 259 274 revised - " the poseidon adventure " = 6/19/72 92 a a-273 cont . belle well ... if any of we be save , I hope with all my heart it 's that two child . they have get they 's whole life in front of they . manny stop give we life away . we will come out of this . allofus . now just sit here awhile . belle manny , oh , manny , you be a good man . she reach over , pat he hand and nod . int . barber shop - moving with martin and nonnie 274 Martin and nonnie peer into barber shop . Zoom as they come in . they enter the shop . Martin stare at the upside - down chair , then , try to keep she spirit up -~ . cont. 274 cont. 275 a 276 277 259 martin now just look at that ! . a whole new idea for cut hair . when I get home , I will revolutionize the barber business . you get yourself a rever - sible chair , strap the customer in , push a button , raise he up , flip he over , let he hair hang down , then ... ( use he index and third finger as scissors ) «.. snip ... snip ... close shot - on nonnie reacting . nonnie ( repeat ) ++. snip ... snip ... snip ... close on martin reacting to she swift change of mood . another angle - nonnie and martin nonnie my brother teddy 's get lovely hair . she stare at : Martin with sharp - anguish , as she remember . nonnie he 's really dead , be not he ? she sink down onto a pile of towel : and begin to sob . beside she . nonnie I just -- can not go on --- without he ... 93 274 cont . 275 276 277 Martin kneel 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/19/72 277 cont . martin you will ... goon . wedo , you know . we have to . ( a long beat ) at first we do not think it 's -- possible . but in time -- in time -- you will find other thing -- other people . some - one else to care for . you will see . nonnie do you ... ever lose someone you love ? martin I never.had anybody to lose ... except my parent and I be too young to remember they . ( a beat ) but I have think about it -- how it might be . 94 277 cont . | + . he take she close to he , comforting she like a child . she have stop cry now . Martin hold she , she head on he shoulder , gently stroking she hair with he free hand . she turn she face toward he . . nonnie why do people always kiss when they say goodbye ? martin ( firmly ) who 's say goodbye ? we be certainly not say goodbye ! nonnie I do not mean that . I mean , why do not they also kiss when they first meet -- when they say " hello " ? martin not a bad idea -- but -- you know how conventional most of we be . cont . revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 6/19/72 95 277 cont.1 277 cont.1 nonnie ( simply ) 278 279 280 281 a-281 259 282 I be not conventional . Far from it . May I kiss you " hello . " ; in the most natural way , they kiss . it 's take vulnerable nonnie to bring shy Martin out of he shell . int , broadway - toward the stern - long shot - to 278 ! close shot of scott push ahead determinedly past wreckage , collapse bulkhead , dead body . ( no mutiliation or excess blood . ) angle down broadway 279 bulkhead and deck , both floor and ceiling , have be twisted crazily , as though one have turn a tube , compress it . camera move to - ward it -- as Scott 's p.o.v. -- stop . ! close on scott 280 and he look of dismay . another angle 281 fiercely , he begin to tug at the steel protrusion , try to pry open a passageway . he battle with they furiously tear , wrestle fiercely with the obstacle in he way . the end result -- nothing . finally , in utter frustration , he beat he fist wildly against the immovable metal . close shot - scott : a-281 as he stop he hopeless attempt . he 's a man drive to tear as he 's see the end of he hope , of he obsessive need to accomplish what he set out todo .. we see Susan inb.g. as she apprear . '' then , after @ beat : close up - susan 282 susan ( almost timidly ) reverend Scott .... Mr. Scott . he turn to look back down the passageway . of N 259 a-282 283 284 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/19/72 96 he p.o.v . - susan a - 282 who have move up behind he . two shot - favoring scott 283 scott ( brusquely , he momen - tary weakness witness ) why be not you with the other ? susan I ... I be scared . I ... I feel safer with you ... you be go to get we out of here , be not you ? scott ( give she a little reassure hug ) you can bet iam , Susan . you can bet . I be . he see she look at the breakage block the passageway . scott we can not get out this way , but we go by a lot of other passage , '' ~~ do not we ? . he start to lead she back the way they come . scott we be go to look down every single one of they . until we find that engine room , okay , come on , come on . : she smile up at he , . he confidence renewing hers as they move out . we qut 284 q 259 285 ‘286 287 288 97 int . broadway - at hatch to short passage - scott 285 and susan he have he head avert , read upside down . scott you see what I see ? '' ~ " she look . her p.o.v . - a upside - down sign over a hatch - the 286 sign be partially obscure by the stain of oil but enough of it be able to be read : susan's voice oread aloud ) '' engine room personnel only . " closer angle - susan and scott 287 she look back up , nod triumphantly . he push past she , he tender - ness of the moment before abandon now in the obsessiveness of he want to get they through . he wrest the bulkhead open , climb : through , the girl follow . int . short passage and dogged hatch 288 Scott hurry forward , look around ; see that the passageway be a short one , but above he , up a ladder , be a hatchway which formerly have be inthe deck . he climb the ladder , Susan watch . he try to turn the control wheel of the hatch , find he cannot open it . he struggle with it until he finally push the hatch open , oil cascade down over he head and shoulder , deluge he . he look down at Susan . scott promise I something . susan depend . what .? scott if I be not back in five minute , go to the other and tell they I be wrong . tell Mr. rogo to do it he way ! 289 290 291 292 293 294 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/19/72 98 angle on susan 289 look up from below at the open hatch and the steaming oil . susan all right . ipromise . but you will be back . Scott smile at she , climb through the hatch and disappear . ext . men' room ~ broadway passage 290 Robin wander along , look , as usual , for the john . he see a sign on the side of a door , upside down , that read : " gentlemen . " he enter the room . int . men' room 2 gl faintly light , its light on the floor , its urinal upside down and high above Robin near what have now become the ceiling . the toilet seat of the water closet hang down like languid horseshoe , the bowl long since emptied . close on robin 292 he look bewilder fora moment . he 's never be confront by a upside down toilet before -- surely not by a row of they . he p.o.v , - one of the bowls 293 and its toilet paper in a streamer down the bulkhead . he stare for another beat , then shrug he shoulder and move to one of the upside down corner of the room , and with he back to camera , begin to unzip he pants . int . broadway - group assembly area 294 the entire group ( less Scott , Susan and Robin ) have return . they have assemble a length of rope , a bottle of brandy , etc . rogo brandy , rope , axe . anything else ? martin ( who have just arrive , hold up torch ) we find this . cont . revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/19/72 294 cont . rogo ( look at watch ) good , good -- well , it 's seventeen minute and he be not back . martin sixteen minute . linda let 's go. ( rise ) manny should not we wait a little longer . rogo what for ? I will tell you what we be go to do . ( point ) we be go that way and fast . manny I think we ought -- rogo let 's go . susan ( voice over ) Mr. rogo ! Mr. rogo ! they all turn . »a-294 angle favoring susan 99 294 cont . a-294 as they have be talk , Susan have be run toward they down the 259 rogo what 's the matter -- where you be ? passageway . her face be tear-streaked . she 's greatly upset . CO a-294 cont . 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/19/72 susan with Mr. Scott . we find a hatch . he think it might lead to the engine room but he be not sure . so he tell I to wait and if he be not back in five minute I be to ... ( she find it hard to go on -- there be tear in she eye ) I be to tell you to do it you way . she start to cry , unable to continue . Linda move over to she and put a arm around she . linda come on , love -- pull yourself together . susan ( battle for control ) he 's never come back . rogo . ( angry ) God damn it , that do it . we have be sit here waste we time . we should have go up front with that other people . rogo start to pick up the rope and a flashlight . rogo come on now ! let 's go ! he start to hustle the other in the general direction of the bow . manny wait a minute , Mr. rogo . after all he 's do for we we can not leave without '' know what 's happen to he . you be act like he 's already dead . martin I agree with Mr. rosen . cont . 100 a-294 cont. oo revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/19/72 101 a-294 cont.1 a-294 cont. rogo he make a deal , do not he ? well , we be go to keep it . we be go up front with that other people . now let 's move it . scott' voice ( o.s. ) I find it . ( they all turn ) b-294 there p.o.v . - scott b-294 run toward they from down Broadway , cover with dirty water .. he hurry in . 295 angle favoring scott 295 scott I have be there ! ( move to group ) do you hear I , rogo ? ( Susan rush to he ) I have find the engine room . I have see the way out , and it 's this way . so , to use you own word , let 's move it . there be activity as they all respond again to strong leadership , then -- susan Robin -- where 's Robin ? manny ( indicate forward ) the last time we see he , he be head that way . scott ( to Susan ) I will find he . Susan , take the other to the hatch . cont . 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 6/19/72 295 cont . oy susan I can not go without he . scott trust I , Susan . you be the only one who know where the hatch be . u'll find Robin . Scott hurry off in the opposite direction . scott Robin -- Robin . the other start into the block passageway . belle that poor little boy . martin keep go , Mrs. rosen . he will find he . 296 long shot - down broadway Scott move away from the group in b.g. call for Robin . scott Robin ... Robin ... Robin . hear a terrifying sound . 297 ext , sea - the poseidon - night roll slightly , a huge brust of replace air smash . upward . the ship . slip even deeper under the sea . 259 he be less than yard from the intersection and the men' room when he 295 cont. a ' 7 298 299 300 co . a 301 302 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 " 102 int . broadway - on scott : 298 hold on to steady himself . he look ahead toward the bow -- down Broadway . — he p.o.v . . 299 Water boil along Broadway -- a small crest wave dance ahead of a rush force of water . favoring scott 300 scott ( call ) Robin ! Far down Broadway the rest of the party can be see . at that moment Robin come plunging out of the man 's room . , scott : ( to Robin ) ; come here . . int . short passage and undogged hatch - the party 301 with susan in the lead . susan ( arrive ) this way -- in here -- up this ladder . martin on the double , everybody , quickly -- quickly . belle ( look in ) climb again . . manny keep go . int .. back down broadway 302 Scott grab Robin . scott come on . they run frantically for . the boiler room . revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 103 o™ . . ed 303 int . short passageway and undogged hatch 303 the last of the group be see scramble up the ladder . Susan , hang back , be look out the door . rogo turn to she . rogo now you .. susan I be not go without Robin . rogo come on , come on -~ get up there . susan I be . not go without my brother . he grab for she -- and she struggle with he . he clamp she halfway up , onto the ladder . rogo ( shouting ) cc I say get up there . ( shove she up on the ladder ) " susan Robin , Robin . rogo ( turn back tothe door and see the water ) my God ! 304 another angle - scott and robin 304 as they run into the passage , water swirl around after they . Robin be almost wash away , Scott hold he in time . a-304 from corridor a-304 - rogo in the doorway as Scott and Robin be wash in . rogo ( to Scott ) Hand he up here . 259 — _ cu 305 306 307 308 309 259 revised ~ " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 104 angle on susan 305 about to . go through the hatch . she see Scott and she brother , let out a little cry of relief , then Robin follow she up into the boiler room . scott and rogo 306 Scott be battle through the-water to the ladder . he and rogo try to close the door . rogo . ( to Scott as they try to . close door ) no , no , let . it go . rogo , follow by Scott , go up the ladder through the hatch . int . boiler room - high crane shot - zoom panning 307 with group on a ramp ( overturn ) overlook the boiler room . Susan turn on Robin . robin sorry , sis . I have to go to the john . susan ( half - anger ; half - relief ) what a dumb , stupid way to die ! -- go to the john ! favoring robin 308 robin I say I be sorry ! the group 309 rogo ( to Scott ) where do we go now ? scott down . Mr. Martin , shut that water - tight door ! cont . revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 105 cy 309 cont. 309 cont. manny good. ( to Belle ) you see , no more climb up ! martin ( to Scott ) down ? but that can not be right . I have be keep track . we have come up eight deck -- and the water have be flooding every deck behind we ... scott but.not the engine room . I have see it . ( firm ) : we go down ! . Scott start down the companionway , Robin right after he , then Susan CO and the other follow . a 310 another angle 310 Scott and Robin enter onto the upside - down ceiling of the boiler room . the ceiling be thread with myriad pipe . it slope downward to con - form to the hull of the ship . above they run a catwalk which once lead to the door through which they have enter . Far above the catwalk hang the great , explode boiler which power the ship . two boiler be rip and tear , they tubular inside bulg out in a chaos of rup - ture part . smoke and steam still hiss from break piping . Scott lead they down through a labyrinth of twisted pipe and across the bottom of what have be a maneuver platform in the boiler room . the flash - light be the only illumination . 311 on the platform - angle on scott and robin in f.g. 311 the other follow in the b.g. 312 close on scott 312 reacting to : 259 ‘259 313 314 315 revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 106 another angle 313 before he a surface of oily water in which bubbles seethe . Beyond a sheer wall of steel plate rise to join high above with the upside - down deck of the boiler room . he be stare at the once escape route now below the surface . it 's now a dead end . another angle : 314 the rest of the party have catch up by now . they begin to gather around Scott and Robin . rogo ( look around ) this be no god damn engine room . linda then where the hell be we ? favoring scott 315 move along the water 's edge . Scott there be a corridor there lead to the engine room . I go through it . manny well , how it 's underwater . scott so we will swim through it . ( to rogo ) give - I that rope . linda you have gotta be kid . rogo she 's right . look , if the corridor 's underwater , what do you think the engine room 's under . scott it 's in the clear ! _ it 's.one. deck up ... isawit . I will swim under the bulkhead down a short corridor , then up a com - panionway -- it 's not more than thirty - five foot at the most . 259 316 vise " the pose : adve " = 7/18/72 107 angle on the group 316 '' some of they -- but not all -- look totally stunne by this development . linda . ( sarcastic ) be that all ? scott we can do it ! believe I , we can do it ! I will swim through and tie the rope on the otherend . I will give you a tug when I get there . then the rest of you pull yourselves along the rope . should not take more than . thirty second at the most . belle ( kneel alongside ) Mr. Scott , how long can you hold you breath ? scott I do not know . . ( tie rope around he waist ) belle as a favor do it now . ( to rego ) Mr. rogo , you have get a watch , please time it . ' Scott take a breath , let it out . belle ( continue , show medallion ) Mr. Scott , look at this . I be underwater swim champion of Manhattan for three year run . I hold my breath - two minute and forty - five second . please let . I do it . manny but , Belle , you be seventeen then . cont. a : 259 - " pose not 7/18/72 316 cont . 317 318 319 320 belle listen to I -- for hour everybody have push I and pull I all this .way . now I have a chance to do . something for you . May ido this for all of you , please .. - scott look , Mrs. rosen , believe I , I can hold my breath long enough to swim twenty - five foot . thank you . he kiss she , then start down the ladder . rogo ( hand he flash - light ) hey , preacher , here . Scott submerges into the water . . belle take a deep breath . camera pan he down and underwater . out we int . underwater - wall and hatch ( boiler room side ) scott underwater 's he plunge downward . _ int . boiler room ~ favoring entire group watch , hold the rope , let it play out . int . underwater - moving with scott 108 316 cont . 317 318 319 320 swim to the oval hatch . he hook one foot under the rung of a ladder which run along the bulkhead , stop momentarily to get he direction . q 259 321 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 109 angle - group - pan belle to manny - zoom closer 321 on group . rogo continue to pay out the rope as the o.s. Scott swim away . Martin lean to help rogo . belle ( rise and move . : to manny ) he could be drown himself . oh , why do not he let I do it . manny Belle , please . belle be anyone timing he ? martin ( look at watch ) Tam , belle ( look down ) he 's swim through corridor , up and down stairwell . so much energy and time . I think I be the only one here who 's train to do this . linda will you shut up ! : martin ( to Belle ) what make you think you can do it , Mrs. rosen , if he can not ? belle ask anybody from the woman 's swim Association . because I put on a little weight , do not mean I could not be a athlete when I be young ? manny , tell they please do not I have cup and medal ? cont . af revised - " the poseidon adventure " -_ 7/18/72 110 321 cont. 321 cont. . manny yes , yes , and she picture from all the New york. papers . ( gravely ) but you be only seventeen . belle - ( to Martin ) how long be it now ? martin thirty -nine second . 322 int .. underwater - wall and hatch ( boiler room side ) 322 : scatt swim through the open hatch and start upward . 323 back to group 323 belle oh , my God . he do not empty he lung before he take a breath -- he can not last much longer . martin fifty second , Mrs. rosen . 324 int . underwater - inverted staircase 324 Scott stroke he way to the staircase , pause to get he bearing , then start to swim up . as he do so , the rope become foule on a ex - trude twisted piece of wreckage and catch . 325 angle .- scott 325 as he be catch up short by the tightening of the rope around he waist . he turn back to where the rope be catch , struggle out , but can not loosen it . he can neither go forward or back . 326 back to group 326 the rope suddenly go slack . manny what 's the matter ? cont . 259 . . revised .- " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 lll } 326 cont . . 326 cont. rogo the rope .. it 's not go through . linda maybe.he 's there . manny he say he 's give a tug on the rope . Martin and rogo pull on the line . a few foot of it give , then it become taut and ungive . rogo what do we do -- god damn it . what do we do ? linda pull he back -- pull he back -- quick . not as they continue to struggle with it , Belle have arrive at she decision . er without a word to anyone , she give she shoe to manny . manny Belle , be careful . belle you think I be plan to be careless ? rogo ( pull with . Martin and Linda ) give , you son of a bitch -- give ! Belle dive in . rogo what the hell do she think she 's do ? manny let she go . she know what she 's '' do . I hope . 259 revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 112 327 int . underwater 327 tracking Belle as she follow the rope along the corridor , through . the hatch , swim more than well enough to show that at one time she could have be a champion swimmer . then , she reach the second hatch where the rope be catch and find Scott struggle feebly in a attempt to unfasten the catch rope from around he waist . swiftly , she frees the line and shove . Scott upwards toward the surface of the water at the top of the final hatch . then , she follow after he . a-327 int . boiler room - the group a-327 the rope give toward they , then pull away again . rogo she find he . she must have find he , he let the rope pay out . manny ( hold she shoe ) 5 thank god. 328 int . underwater - the engine room 328 as Scott , follow by Belle , emerge through the hatch into a new body of water , reflect fire above . 3296 , , 329 - 340 out ee we 340 341 engine room , / . 341 Belle and Scott surface , gasp for breath , she have a hold of he as they come up -- he break away , both swim towards girder at edge as Scott unfasten the rope around he waist and tie it to the girder . the place be a inferno . Belle pull herself up on the girder . belle ( to Scott ) you see , Mr. Scott , in the water I be a very skinny lady . Belle try to climb over the girder -- she suddenly be stricken with a pain in she heart , fall back into the water . Scott go after she -- grab and pull she back to the edge of the pool towards the girder . he hold she in he arm , unable to get she up . 259 343 259 -_ ~ 342 re D - " " = 7/18/72 113 boiler room - the group 342 the rope now slacken , then be taut again as rogo test it . rogo they do it . they must have make it . martin sure they have . you have let out over seventy foot of rope . they wait . there 's no tug . manny ( alarmed ) - there 's no signal . they be not tug . rogo wait , wait -- give they time . give they time . engine room - two shot - belle and scott 343 belle ( to Scott ) I guess I be not the champion of the woman 's swim Association any more . she try to smile . . scott hold on , Mrs. rosen , hold on . Belle hold the medallion , continue . belle Mr. Scott , enough 's enough -- let I go , please , let I go . ( hold medallion ) give this to manny . tell he he have to give it to we grandson for both of we . ( show medal ) that 's the sign of life . life always matter very much , do not it ? cont , ao 344 ~ 346 a-346 259 _ revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 114 343 cont . Belle die . Scott hold ' she closely . scott ( clasp she ) oh , God , why this woman ? why this woman ? nothing be hear . except the hiss of steam , the bubbling water . . 344 - out : qut 346 int . boiler room - the group a-346 wait anxiously for some sign . rogo hold the rope in he hand . manny I tell you something 's happen . Belle would have signal . martin they have have more than enough time . rogo all right ! that do it ! ( secure rope ) I be go through to . find out what 's happen . linda no you be not ! you will drow too . manny let I go , Mr. rogo -- it 's my wife . linda let he go , Mike . rogo no way ! I be go through first . all of you -- stay put till I come back . rogo start to get ready to submerge . cont . 343 cont not vise = " the p n_adv " - 7 / 114a - '' ~ a-346 cont. rogo ( to Martin ) give I that flashlight . Martin hand he a flashlight . he start down the ladder . linda Mike , please . rogo take it easy , baby . I will be back . he submerges into the water . b-346 int , underwater b-346 rogo pull himself along the rope . 0-346 engine room - full shot C -346 ° co Scott , hold Belle , lower she to the floor against the girder . with ee the medallion in hand he cross and sit on another girder near the pool -- look at dead Belle , medallion and room . CC -346 boiler room - group co-346 the rest of the party wait . d-346 int . engine room d=346 the surface of the water break and rogo appear , pull himself along the rope toward the platform . rogo look around : :' 347 he p.o.v . - the inferno 347 348 favoring rogo 348 259 he clamber up onto the deck . rogo what the hell happen ? you do not pull on the ‘rope . . scott I get trap . Mrs. rosen freed I . cont . a-346 cont revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 115 348 cont . . 348 cont J 349 350 259 rogo look down with grudge admiration at Belle . rogo ( to Belle ) thank you , Mrs. rosen -~ if it have not be for you -- none of we -- ( Scott grab he arm ) rogo discover she 's dead . he look up at Scott , frame against twisted deck and catwalk . ' rogo ( stunne ) oh , Jesus ! the two man look at each other for a moment . scott go back and get the other . rogo what will I tell he ? . scott ( harshly ) tell he nothing -- just go back and get they back here . Scott move off into the smoke . closer angle - rogo 349 look down at Belle . then , with surprising gentleness : rogo you have a lot of gut , lady -- a lot of gut . rogo leave she , lower himself into the water , and duck under . moving shot with scott 350 as he explore deeper into the havoc of the engine room , past the dead body of the crew . ( no mutilation or excessive blood . ) revised - " the poseidon adventure " ~ 7/18/72 116 a . | lj 351 int . boiler room ~ full shot - group 351 | rogo resurface in the tiny black lake at the foot of the wait group . Linda embrace he . _ rogo ' I be okay , baby . rogo climb up on the platform , directly into a confrontation with manny . : manny Belle ! be she all right ? , * 352 close on rogo : 352 try to decide what to say . 353 close on manny : 353 seek , peer into the other man . 354 close on rogo_ 354 cs , ~\? rogo she get through . she save the preacher . . she clear the way .for all of we . she get through . 355 close shot - rogo and manny 355 manny ( read between the. line ) but something happen ... go wrong , do not it ? rogo Mr. rosen ... like itold you ... Mr. rosen ... ( as manny turn away to jump ) hold onto that rope . 356 another angle - full shot - group 356 a manny turn and , with a cry , dive into the water . there 's a pause as the other loak at rogo . cont. 259 '' 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " -_ 7/18/72 117 356 cont. 356 go , 357 358 - 360 nonnie | . something do go wrong , do not it ? — ; rogo ( roughly ) | like I tell you - nothing happen -- | she get through . now listen to I , all of you . I want you to step up here , take a deep breath , pull you - ' self along that rope -- before you know it , you will be in the engine room . it 's above water like the preacher say . okay , now -- come on -- move it -- youkid first . robin ( remove coat ) I can swim three length underwater in we swim pool , but sis can only do two . : rogo okay , okay -- now , kid , take a deep breath . Robin ease into the water , grab the rope , surface dive , disappear . Susan follow . ( note : intercut following sequence with our various principal during there underwater swim . ) engine room : 357 manny surface , struggle onto the girder , fight for breath -- turn , see he wife and realize she be lifeless -~ with a cry he move towards she . manny ( call ) Belle ... Belle ... he take she in he arm as Scott watch , suffer for the other man . 358 - qut we 360 259 361 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 118 int , boiler room : - group 361 nonnie . ( to Martin ) T can not swim . martin you. can not swim at all ? a nonnie no , not a stroke . martin it will be all right . rogo lower Linda into the water , rise and turn to nomhie and Martin . rogo ( to they ) now you two . martin ( to rogo ) Mr. rogo , would you mind go ? I will help she . rogo make it snappy , do not horse around . rogo go into the water , duck under . martin you mean you really can not swim ? nonnie no , I really can not . martin but you can hold you breath ? eee nonnie ( tentatively ) yes ... cont . revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 '' lig i> 361 cont. 361 cont . 's martin that 's . all you have to do ... just start take deep breath ... then hold the last one just before you go under ... and hold my belt . I will pull you through . wordlessly , she just shake she head " no . " martin ' ( quietly , but with great determination ) you have.to , nonnie . because I be not go without you . she stare at he a long moment , she face soften , the new fear start - ing to leave she . nonnie you really mean that , do not you ? he nod . nonnie what if we both stay right here -- we.do not have to follow the other ? martin what. do you think would happen ? nonnie Robin say the andria doria stay afloat for over ten hour . we still might be rescue . martin maybe . maybe not . nonnie ( a long beat ) '' you really will not leave I ? martin I will not leave you . cont . 259 revised -. " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 '' 120 361 cont.1 : 361 . cont . they exchange glance . nonnie ( resolutely ) just hold my breath ? that 's all ? martin 's that 's all . and do not let go of I . nonnie iwo not . I can not . he smile at she . she start to take deep breath , as they slide into the water . he watch she . she reach underwater , grasp he belt . martin ready .... Three deep breath and we go . now ! he pull nonnie under , camera follow with they . ~ 362 angle on pool of water 362 as Robin surface . Susan pop free , come out like a seal . both young people look over -- then Linda surface -- rogo come after Linda . 363 there p.o.v . - manny and belle 363 manny be kneel beside Belle , bury he head on she shoulder . rogo ( look about for - the miss Scott ) preacher ! 364 - 364 - 368 qut out . 368 369 underwater - martin and nonnie 369 as he tug she hand over hand along the guide rope , the girl cling fearfully ... through the hatch ... along the corridor ... suddenly nonnie panic . '' she grab hold of the staircase and a great bubble of air escape from she mouth . Martin clamp one hand tightly over she mouth and nose and swim she up through the second hatch . '' 259 259 370 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 121 pool area 370 Martin surface with a gasp nonnie . - with the help of Linda and rogo they get she up . nonnie struggle for breath -- Martin . be gasp for breath . some look over at manny and Belle . Scott return from ex - ploring the engine room area . scott all right , I have see it . I have see the propeller shaft open . we be almost home . but we have get to . keep move . come on , come on , come on =- let 's go . rogo , oh , you bastard -- be not you get no feeling ? scott now , look , listen to I all of you . Mrs. rosen be dead . we.ca not bring she back . but what we can do be to keep move to be strong . that 's what . she would have want . let 's keep move -- get up , get up -- keep move . he start to shove they off towards the rest of the engine room . scott you too , Mr. rosen , manny no , my place be here -- with she . martin ( pass they ) Goodbye , Mrs. rosen. ( exit after the other ) scott ( kneel ) look , Mr. rosen -- look , the last thing she say to I be to tell manny to give this to we grandson from both of we . cont . 371 - 374 375 + 376 a-376 377 259 revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 122 oo '' 370 cont. 370 cont. Scott open he hand , give the chain and medallion to manny . manny | be silent . scott you place be with the live . if you stay here , she death be meaning - less -- now come on . 371 - qut qut 374 another angle ~ manny 375 there be a long moment of silence -- then he speak . : manny allright . you go first . I want to stay with she just a while longer . scott you have one minute . camera move in on manny as he turn back to he dead wife . Scott exit . manny look down.at she still face as if memorize every small detail . out . out 376 close shot - manny a-376 manny 's eye tear as he stare down at the medallion in he palm . then , he give she a final kiss of farewell . int . engine room 377 our-group move through the tangle of wreckage slowly , look about . Scott appear in the b.g. , feel he way -- join they and give they order . scott now , listen -- ( point ) that 's the entrance to the propeller shaft -- and this be the way out . so follow I . they all follow he out . oo ) 378 379 : a-379 oc b-379 c-379 259 revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 123 angle - group : 378 manny , in b.g. , move through the debris , stop , put Belle 's medallion around he neck , exit as rogo call - ° rogo this way , Mr. rosen . from the semi-darkness manny join they . Scott give manny a be - assure nod , turn away and move on . series of shot - engine room - on back of principal 379 Scott point out the shaft door . scott see that red valve up there . - right beneath it be the entry to the propeller shaft area . p.o.v . - propeller door a-379 scott' voice + ( o.s . ) and that 's the propeller shaft -- that silver thing . this catwalk be the way we get up there . now follow I . back to scene b-379 they all start follow up the first catwalk . scott ( caution ) watch it , everything be still pretty hot . rogo ( look back ) this way , Mr. rosen , this way . first platform - second ladder c-379 Scott climb to the first platform -- the inferno behind he prevent he from lead the group the short way -- start up a second ladder to the girder above -- follow by Susan , Robin , nonnie and Martin . cont. 380 381 o 382 a-382 383 384 259 revised ~- " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 124 ( 7 ) 6-379 cont. , c-379 cont. scott ; ( from first platform ) ' we can not get through there that way . ! we will have to go up . they start climb , follow Scott to where two support girder have fall into a steeply - slant bridge position . Scott step out upon one girder , hold onto the other for balance and inch up the steep ascent . Susan follow . Robin go after they resolutely , the other follow . another angle - shoot from high crane shot 380 we look down at the group worm they way up the slant girder . end of girder bridge - catwalk - another angle 381 Scott in the lead , the other strung out behind . Scott reach the end of the bridge of girder at a point where they be bolt into a decking . a collapse and upside - down catwalk run beneath the girder . favoring scott 382 scott ( as he guide they ) grab the pole -= all right , hold on . all right , stay here . hold on -- hold on . wait here -- hold on . ( cross to shaft ; to himself ) just one more door . he slide nimbly off the girder , drop the remain few foot to the cat - walk below . group shot - nonnie , martin , linda , rogo and manny a-~-382 moving shot - with scott 383 as he test the catwalk . he cross it . he turn back to the other now wait across the twenty foot of space , wave they on . another angle - the group 384 Susan and Robin drop down easily from the girder . they move forward along the catwalk . _ revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 125 385 int . at ladder from FOURTH catwalk to fifth platform 385 Scott test the catwalk which have partly break away from the main structure . the catwalk appear to be safe . he lead the way toa connective flight of twisted irori step which rise to the fifth platform . he arrive on the upside - down grate of the fifth platform . he turn back , help Susan reach the platform . Robin do it alone . 386 another angle - on fifth platform 386 _ they move along the platform . 387 closer angle - scott 387 look upward : 388 he p.o.v. , : 388 there , just above he , be the great propeller shaft . he trace the shaft along its thirty - foot length to the open of the shaft tunnel into which the shaft disappear . beneath the shaft there be a frightening drop through the wreckage to a fiery lake of water below . 389 back to scene 389 Scott look at a door to one side of the shaft . a oiler 's walk lead to it . the door be dogge close . a huge steam pipe run along the length of the bulkhead just below the door . he go back to the other . 390 another angle - scott , susan , robin 390 scott ( yell ) just one more door and we be : home ! robin ( shouting down ) there it be , Mr. rogo ! just like I tell you ! scott ( to other ) come on . 391 on FOURTH catwalk - favoring rogo and linda 391 rogo the little bastard be right ! 259 259 392 393 394 395 396 397 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 126 on fifth platform - favoring scott 392 turn . he look back . scott just one more to go , Susan , and we do it ! susan yes . she really mean . Scott do it . now Scott turn back to see how the other be progress . he p.o.v .. - the . party 393 some of they be on the fifth platform , some on the ladder -- and bring up the read , Linda and rogo be now crossing the partly break catwalk at the fourth catwalk . this p.o.v. become a sudden nightmare . the ship lurch again , a distant explosion rock she from stem to stern , the party be throw off balance , have to cling to the nearest support to hang on for they life . up angle on the partly broken catwalk - to deck 394 below - FOURTH catwalk suddenly , a section of it snap , and Linda plummet down . she drop silently , no scream , no outcry -- just a swift instantaeous plunge . her body drop through the smoke and flame that partially obscure the wreckage below . closer angle - rogo 395 flung back , just short of be throw down too . he grab the catwalk , cling until the ship have once more steady itself . at catwalk - high down shot 396 only smoke and flame and piece of wreckage can be see . Linda 's body be not visible . close on rogo - FOURTH catwalk 397 on the catwalk . he stare down in horror . rogo Linda , Linda , Linda , Linda -- 398 399 - a-399 b-399 c-399 d-399 259 400 401 revised - " the poseidon adventure " ~ 7/18/72 127 favoring scott - on fifth platform - with susan 398 and robin } high above , look down in shock and disbelief . series of shot . 399 the shocked reaction of the remain survivor to Linda 's death . close shot - manny : a-399 reacting . mo . close shot - nonnie and martin '' b~399 reacting to Linda 's fall . close shot - robin c-399 reacting . favoring rogo - wider angle ' p-399 slowly he raise he stricken face toward Scott high above he . rogo ( a sudden scream ) you ! preacher ! you lie , murder - ing sonofabitch ! you almost sucker I in ! I start to believe in you promise ! that we have a chance -- what chance ? you take from I the only thing I ever love . my Linda -- and . you kill she -- you kill she -- you kill she . overcome with rack sob , rogo drop back onto the catwalk , weep uncontrollably . - close shot - scott . : 400 he react to a sudden high hiss sound o.s . he whirl to see : he p.o.v . - the huge steam pipe 401 run beneath the escape door into the propeller shaft have be break by the lurch of the ship . live steam geyser up from the rupture in the line , spraying its scalding torrent against the close hatch : through which they must pass . they way , completely block . 402 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " -_ 7/18/72 127a favoring scott 402 through the trek , he have remain calm . now Linda 's death , add to that of Belle and acre , plus this final frustration , finally break this strong man 's control . he turn he eye up toward the steel deck above he . - scott what more do you want of we ? revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 4/13/72 128 403 closer shot - on scott 403 scott ( a burst of rage against God . -- now he shout out ) we have come all this way ! no thanks to you ! we do it on we own . no help from you ! we do not ask you to fight for we -- but , damn it , do not fight against we . leave we alone ! what more do you want ? how many more sacrifice ? how much more blood ? how many more life ? acre be not enough ? Belle be not ? now this girl ! you want another life ? then take I ! 404 reaction closeup 404 throughout he impassion indictment of God -- we intercut quick close - up of the remain survivor -- end with . rogo -- who stare up at : 405 he p.o.v . - scott 405 qc leap into space toward the valve on the far side of the break steam pipe , the valve that , if close , will cut off the gush of steam . 406 closer angle -- scott 406 manage to catch one hand on the valve , the other on the pipe . he be envelop : in steam as he struggle to turn the valve and shut it off . gradually , the pressure of the steam lessen as Scott 's die weight shift , turn the valve . he be clear the escape route but there be no way for he to climb back or for anyone to reach he . he hang by ofie~arm onto the valve . the steam hiss more softly then , valve close , stop completely , revealing above it the once - more liberated entrance to the propeller shaft . scott ( shouting to the other ) you gan make it ! ( directly to rogo ) keep go , rogo ! get they through ! cont . 259 129 406 cont. 406 cont. 407 408 409 410 411 412 413 414 415 259 for another frightening moment , he hang on , then -- he plunge down into the fiery water below . the sacrifice have be make . close on susan 407 as though she 's be shot . close on rogo - on the FOURTH catwalk 408 stare down in dumb shock at : he p.o.v . - far below 409 Scott 's body float in the dark water , flame to one side from burn oil illuminate it . robin - fifth platform 410 stare down at the body . he start to sob . martin and nonnie - fifth platform 411 she press herself to he , look down in horror . close on manny - fifth platform 412 ' reacting . another angle - favoring susan 413 suddenly she regains motor control , but she emotion and she mind tempor - arily rocket out of control . she begin to scream , peal of scream , echoing back and forth through the inferno-like place , then she start rashly to climb down on twisted girder , scramble insanely toward the water below as though to reclaim Scott 's body . Robin and Martin go after she , struggle with she -- all three almost pitching into the depth . they manage to wrestle she back onto the catwalk . exhausted , weep , she fall on the metal grid . rogo 414 still on the fourth catwalk . he p.o.v . - scott' body 415 sink from view beneath the water . a-415 — '' . vad b-4a5 c-415 d- 415 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 130 close up - rogo , a-415 seem totally defeat now . he cling almost desperately to the cat - walk as though he have no intention ever of leave it . favoring martin - susan , robin on ledge b-415 look from the water into which Scott have vanish off to : he p.o.v , - rogo - manny behind he C - 415 and . rogo 's insert posture , martin , susan and robin d-415 Martin seem all at once a tower of strength . Susan sob . martin ( shouting down at rogo ) what do you think you be do , Mr. rogo ? you hear the reverend . he say ' get they through . ' well , go ahead . get we through . silence from rogo , as the other all watch he . : robin it will be allright , sis . it will be all right . martin ( continue ) what kind of a policeman be you ? you have do nothing but beef and complain . always negative -- always destructive . well , now 's you chance to do something positive - > for a change ! continue silence from rogo . martin ( continue ; taunting ) be you quit , Mr. rogo ? be you go out with a whimper --. on you belly ? q 416 417 418 419 420 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 131 rogo 416 get up slowly . he see the group scattered above he . rogo ( to Martin with intensity ) okay ! that 's enough ! ( shouting up to the other above he ) for chrissake ! what be we wait for ? rogo leap across the chasm in the break catwalk , land on he chest , he arm grab for support , he foot in space . he pull himself up , run up the ladder , past the individual cluster of survivor , to the oiler 's walk , alongside Martin . with rogo and martin on the oiler' walk 417 rogo ( shouting to the other ) we be go to - keep go ! like the preacher say . he p.o.v . - the survivor . 418 look up at he -- a new Scott -- or replacement -- another switch - on man -- as Martin be , too . another angle - rogo 419 run across the oiler 's walk , tug at the hatch lever , undog it , fling the hatch open . '' int , shaft alley - full shot - reverse angle 420 rogo ( as group start to enter ) watch it around this door . the group enter under camera in the follow order -- rogo , Robin , Susan , nonnie , Martin and finally , after a long beat -- manny . they be totally exhaust and beat with the possible exception of the cont . revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 132 420 cont . . 420 cont , i ) newly determine rogo and he recent charge up tormentor , Mr. Martin . they all move forward seek relief from the fiery hell they just leave . most of . they flop forthe first time . in'a long while . they look about this new , cramped and unpromising quarter . it 's a ugly , no exit , trap ! rogo all right , what now ? a dead end . robin ( to rogo ) Excuse I , sir , but I do not think so . rogo ( not. unkindly ) you.do not think what , kid ? robin ( in he best encyclo - pedia manner ) well , you see , sir , I try to tell you ... we be in shaft alley , and co : nowhere be the steel hull thin -- — because of the nautical trim of this ship this hull be only one inch thick . rogo all right , kid , all right . Martin , who 's be listen to something top side , interrupt suddenly . martin quiet ! I think I hear something . they all listen breathlessly . the faint sound of retreate footstep ona metallic surface can barely be hear . martin ( shout ) my God , there be somebody out there ! nonnie look up , listen . 259 | 421 oo a ) 422 423 ae ! é 424 425 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 133 close shot - favoring rogo 421 the big cop be already half - craze by the loss of he wife only moment before , and now , by the sicken frustration of possible rescue slip . away . he cast about , find what he 's look for ~~ a four foot piece of metal -- and then , with almost maniacal fever , beat the ribbed metallic hull . the clang become deafen . the other shrink from the calliope of sound . Martin also pick up a piece of metal and start to hit another piece of equipment . another angle - the other 422 they watch as rogo assail the deck . nonnie move to Martin . closer angle - rogo and martin - 423 sweat stream down they neck , they neck muscle and vein bulge from the effort , and they continue relentlessly to whack at the deck . martin hold it ! they listen . rogo again ! they start bang away . favoring susan 424 susan ( a sudden despair shout ) stop it ! stop it ! it 's no use ! both stop . close up - manny 425 manny no , no , keep try -- keep try ! a- 425 426 427 428 429 430 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 134 martin and rogo a-425 martin ( shout ) Mr. Scott , would not have stop . let 's go . . he flail furiously at the deck . both continue bang away . series of shot - the other : 426 beginning to get they spine back up . suddenly -- from a distance -- on the outside of the hull -- come a answer tap . angle on the group 427 they freeze . then another tap be hear from outside -- tap tap tap . rogo 428 rogo hold it ! holdvit ! i he whacks the deck -- tap tap tap inreturn . stops. listen . tap tap tap come back instantly -- then the dull sound of foot echoing along the hull -- run closer . rogo oh my God , there be somebody up there .. there 's really somebody . they all yell . rogo ( triumphantly ) the preacher be right ! the beauti- ful sonofabitch be right . he be right . he begin to beat against the deck once more . shot of the face of the survivor 429 reacting -- each in he own way -~ - to the news . angle up at the steel deck overhead 430 beginning to smoke in a area about a yard square , then to glow red . a N 431 432 433 a-433 b-433 c-433 d-433 434 435 259 revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 135 another angle - the face of the survivor 431 look up at the glow patch above they . all be now gather close together in the tunnel way . manny look -= look ! there p.o.v. , 432 lavender wave of heat ripple across the glow steel . the blue flame of the cut torch rip through in a shower of molten metal and begin to trace a. circular pattern in the plate . group shot - favoring manny : 433 they look at the cut above . manny . will somebody tell I why we ? why do - Mr. Scott save we ? why do Belle have to die ? why do the other . die ; but notus ? can you help I to understand ? the other look at he . close up - susan a-433 reacting . close up - robin b-433 close up - rogo c-433 close up - nonnie 's D -433 we we . 434 martin 435 nobody have a answer , then quietly -- martin maybe we be not suppose to know . ] revised - " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 136 436 plate of shaft tunnel - day 436 ) the torch complete its cut , and the roughly - circular section of hull fall with a resounding , clanging crash to the floor of the shaft tunnel -- and a golden stream of sunlight burst through . 437 angle on the face of the survivor - day 437 look up , bath in the sunlight stream down from . above , promise new life , new hope ahead . o.s. be the sound of a helicopter set down on the deck -- the whirling shadow of its rotor can be see . 438 close up - looking upward - zoom wider as group 438 . start up - day through the hole be the blue sky beyond , rhythmically cut by the shadow of the copter 's rotor .. then , a french navy officer and boat wain' mate equip with a acetylene torch , goggle , etc. appear in the open . they appear startle to see any survivor . officer how many of you down there ? e . martin . six . . officer be that all ? manny be not there any survivor ? anyoné at.all ? the Officer hesitates , shake he head slowly , then -- officer no , all right . we will take all of you off together . ( he lean down . to lend a hand ) now , come on -- hurry ! he and the boatswain 's mate begin to help we group climb up . the woman and Eric first , the man follow . J boat wain' mate do not touch the edge -- it 's hot ! 259 oo rs 439 a-439 b-439 c-439 259 440 441 revised - '' the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 137 ext . hull - featuring copter -. day 439 the survivor climb into the morning air , each group go past camera in closeup , let we see for the last time the individual face -- Susan and Robin , Martin and nonnie , rogo and manny , each alone with they thought as one by one they enter the copter . series of close shot : a-439 Martin and nonnie almost subconsciously move together , put they arm around each other , and look at one another . Susan and Robin join hand . rogo turn away and enter alone . manny stop and look down . close . shot - manny . b-439 look down toward the hull of the Poseidon , he hand grasp the medallion that once . be around Belle 's neck , then he turn and enter . ext . copter , c439 they be follow in by the Officer and the boatswain 's mate , and the rescue hatch door close behind they . ext . hull - full long shot ( composite matte ) - day 440 as the helicopter lift off from the hull and start to move upward into the sky , rescue ship hover on the sea in the distance . start super end title over above series of angle - the helicopter - day 44 } move into the sky away from the overturn hull of the die Poseidon . 259 revised - . " the poseidon adventure " - 7/18/72 138 down shot - poseidon hull - day . 442 the bow of the gigantic vessel suddenly dip beneath the glaze with .- which the sun have varnish the surface of the sea and inevitably start to slide forward . the stern lift high into the air and it seem she be about to go into eternity silently when suddenly the ship stand by tie down they whistle chord , siren and hooter in a last mourn cry and salute to the one- time queen of the sea . for a moment she hang there , then with a despair finality , she slide beneath the surface . fade out ' the end