" the prophecy " screenplay by Gregory wide 1995 shoot draft with the sound of wind , of sand gritting against glass : fade up on : a howling dust storm batter the door and wall of a tiny woodplank church . Inside , huddle together against the rage outside , be a small group of people . all in black , mostly elderly , they kneel in prayer . before they , on the cramped altar , lie a man . dress in the uniform of a general , surround by the silk softness of he casket . he 's a old man , far from the crump of battle , consume now with stillness , listen to the prayer of old people . of desert wind , moan through thin wood . the candle beside he head flicker and wane in the ceaseless gust , strain for life , then go out . dissolve to : ext . downtown los angele - night it 's not the best part of town and probably never be . a place of seedy , anonymous brick flophouse shackle by rusting fire escape , lie on a alley unique only for its bad drainage . it 's here , in the dim , flinty light , that a figure enter . wearing a long coat and , despite the night , sunglass , he pause on the slimy asphalt and gaze up the side of the flophouse , to they yellowish window and compete mexican radio station . one window , dark and quiet on the third floor , catch he gaze . there 's a metal hand railing in the alley that the long - coat figure effortlessly pop up onto . sunglass focus on the window , he lower himself into a motionless crouch , a perch , on the railing with the ease of a crow . or a gargoyle . dissolve to : Dawn be a muddle , limp thing that do nothing to improve the alley . the figure be still there , a motionless gargoyle perch on the railing . watch the window . the shadow shorten , the air grow warmer , and now there 's movement behind the window . the sunglass gargoyle drop down off the railing , jump up to the first rung of the fire escape , and begin climb . behind the third floor window be a room as grim as we expect . lumpy iron bed , sink that 's be piss into one too many time , and simon ; a man in a tight sweater and dark sunglass , busily empty he pocket on the ruin dresser : loose change , a town paper 's obituary column . Simon 's sunglass eye look up suddenly , he body stifffening . he whip around to face the window just as it explode into fragment . the gargoyle leap into the room on the trail of glass . Simon spin and throws himself against the intruder . the two struggle savagely across the room , smashing chair . Simon manage a grip on the gargoyle 's face and pound the back of he skull against the wall . the gargoyle get he lock fist up and swing they like a war club , smacking Simon 's face and sprawling he backwards onto the bed . the two , across the room for each other , pause . gargoyle where be it ? Simon 's climb to he foot , the two man in sunglass now walk slow circle around each other . simon leave I alone . gargoyle you have find it , have not you ? simon fuck you . the gargoyle drop he head and drive himself into Simon , who hammer the gargoyle with he fist . blood smear . the gargoyle 's get free a knife that he jam into Simon 's leg . press home he advantage , the gargoyle slam Simon up against the wall . he tear open Simon 's shirt , digging he finger into the chest , ripping the skin aside , the first plunging deep , cracking the sternum bone , push even further , toward the blood gouge pump beneath -- -- Simon plows he knee up between the gargoyle 's leg . over and over . till the grip loosen and Simon shove he to one side , use the momentum and drive to swing the body around and at the shattered window . the gargoyle smack the frame and collapse , he head cracking on the sill and forcing a shard of glass through he neck . Simon move to the window and brushes aside the gargoyle 's sunglass , revealing two totally empty eye socket . push he thumb into they , Simon use the leverage to lift the gargoyle off the sill and push he body out the window . the gargoyle bounce once on the fire escape , then spread - eagle thirty foot to the asphalt . somebody turn up they mexican radio station . the gargoyle 's a wreck . but he manage , slowly -- he shattered remain argue every inch -- to climb first to he knee , then miserably to he foot . a bent , splatter , hopeless thing that manage to stumble three or four foot before be hit by a freeway - speed firebird bombing down the alley . the impact pin the gargoyle to the grill and ram he into a brick wall , crushing a chest that belches out a sickly , bruise heart like a wet rag against the firebird 's windshield . three floors above Simon lean against he splinter window and look down at the pin and very finish body of the gargoyle . his own shirt and pants be a mess of tear blood and he breathe be difficult . pain flash across he forehead as he check that he own sunglass still sit snugly on the bridge of he nose . at the sound of a distant siren Simon turn and quickly finish pack he duffle bag . stiffly pull on a oversize surplus army jacket that partly conceal the damage beneath , he pick up the bag and painfully shuffles out . dissolve to : the gargoyle , still pin to the wall by the firebird . a flash bounce off he skin . then another . he 's be photograph . go wide and find he in the middle of a police investigation . bore blue uniform , yellow barrier tape . the usual . a plain jane sedan pull up and deposit thomas dagget , thirty , tweed coat and steel notebook . he smile at a couple of cop , duck under the yellow barrier , and nod a greeting to a older uniform sergeant , burrow . thomas dagget hey . burrow hey . daggett ( look up at sky ) think that cloud this morning spell rain for sure , but it 's turn into a beautiful day , would not you say , sergeant Burrows ? Thomas take a deep , healthy breath . Burrows just stare at he . burrow I warn you about that cheerful shit . daggett sorry . I be work on it . he eye finally make they way to the gargoyle . daggett what 's the word ? burrow friend here do a half - gainer with a firebird tuck from the third floor . daggett jumper ? burrow not unless he decide not to bother open the window first . daggett drug ? alcohol ? burrow well , he be not exactly in a condition to walk a chalk line when we get here . you be welcome to try and smell he breath if you like , that be if you can find the mouth . daggett ghoul be by ? burrow on they way . Willie promise a white paper tomorrow . or Wednesday , depend on he golf game . daggett firebird driver ? Burrows nod in the direction of a very shook up young man sit on the curb . burrow Mr. jiminez . be take a short cut to he job at a pack plant on San pedro . first thing he remember about the decease be several vital organ bounce off he windshield . daggett have you have he walk a chalk line ? burrow he 's straight . shook up some . daggett ( look at gargoyle ) anything on he ? burrow no wallet , license , nothing . he be miss one or two thing , though . daggett like ? burrow his eye . daggett ( look at tangle mess ) along with everything else . burrow we have find everything else -- and what fun that be , let I tell you -- but the eye be still awol . might just be stick in the radiator grill . Little weird though . daggett what ? burrow both pop out together like that . Worth a page in my scrapbook . int . flophouse Burrows and Thomas come up the stair . daggett who 's the room register under ? burrow John Smith . daggett anything interesting inside ? burrow there be , what a intelligent , experience detective like yourself could possibly construe as sign of a struggle . they enter the room , which be , of course , totally trash . Thomas step over the splinter furniture . burrow naturally nobody see or hear anything . daggett in such a fine establishment as this ? Thomas look at the splashes of blood , overturn dresser , a newspaper , the " chimney rock Republican " ; one name in its obit section circle . Burrows sigh and check he watch . burrow ku San 's on fourteenth be still open for another hour . whatd 'ya say we pull out the 'ol " suicide " rubber stamp and get some lunch . rancid chow mein and water beer for under three buck . daggett ( look at floor ) there 's glass in the carpet . burrow that usually happen when you break a window . daggett it 's on the inside . amongst the glass fragment at Thomas ' foot be a pair of dark sunglass . he pick they up , tap they in he palm , and look out the window down to the man with no eye , pinch between brick and chrome . daggett where 's chimney rock ? burrow Arizona desert , I think . which be exactly where I be go to be in two year , three month . daggett and give up all this ? burrow you be break my heart . dissolve slowly to : the sun sink beneath the horizon of a vast and undulate expanse of desert . Travel through the landscape as the sky purple and darken and silhouettes tall , finger - like spire of volcanic rock . hear the coyote , the wind make its constant , probing search . before the night swallow it all whole , come upon the town . it use to be something . but that 's long go . now , wrap in the suck blackness of a wilderness night , it 's a shell of a place . light still burn in some of the window but fool no one . the ghost be the majority here . bide they time . wait for the town to surrender and slip beneath the wave of the desert . the wind slink over the hill , creep down past board - up storefront , skeletal ocitillo , and the rusting hulk of abandon mining equipment . the corpse of a summer 's kite twist slowly on a power line . on the edge of town from the inky oblivion of the road , come a crunch of gravel . on the other side of town stands a large , nineteenth century brick schoolhouse . a icon from a more prosperous past , its dark massiveness be mean for score of ruddy - face miner 's kid . now it seem to be implode , eat itself with creep decay . on this night it be silent and dark but for a small glow in one corner and the faint sound of child 's voice in song . it be a hymn . a ancient , Latin one . the melancholy beauty of voice rise and fall in choir . inside the build be a school auditorium . on the stage , dwarf by it , be twenty five student from first grade to high school , sing together as a choir . a young woman , katherine , direct they acapella voice as the small group of parent , lonely in the huge room , look on . outside the voice drift on the night , down the road , and lap against the peel facade of a storefront . a mortuary . inside the room be dark but for one . there , bath in the flicker light of a tall candle , lie the body of the old general we see at the open . the front door of the mortuary have a lock handle that jiggle from outside . a small pane of glass beside it be broken by a hand . in the school auditorium Young voice struggle with the complicated hymn and its pain of century . face white , mexican , navaho . Katherine guide they with soft hand . she smile in pride . they smile back . proud . of she . of themselves and the beauty come from they mouth . one small , beautiful navaho girl , mary , maybe eight , get a special smile of special friendship from Katherine . the mortuary be Front door now stand ajar in the darkness . small shard of glass glisten in the carpet . inside be the dead General . even in the bleach ravage of age and death , he face still hold a shadow of vigor and pride . it take a moment in the weak flicker of the candle to realize someone be there with he . Simon in he oversize surplus jacket . his arm be fold tightly across he middle , as if in deep cold . but he gaunt face be moist with sweat and he breath be shallow and uneven . he stare at the old man behind sunglass and take slow , cautious step forward into the amber glow . holding out two blood -stain finger , Simon touch the General 's forehead . a new strain cross he perspire face . concentration . place he right palm on the General 's chin and the leave on he forehead , Simon crack OPEN the dead man 's mouth . in the school auditorium the hymn be reach its aching climax of medieval long . in the mortuary Simon lean down to the open mouth , and in a voice soft and deeply weary , simon qui ex patre flioque procedit ... then , with the school choir distant and faint in the night , the live man place he mouth over that of the dead man ... in the school auditorium it 's coffee and cake now as parent proudly hug they child and congratulate they young teacher . even in this gloomy , crumble building it 's a warm , small town moment . outside Simon have leave the mortuary and now limp with difficulty through the silent street , lean against shop wall for support . at the school build through the door out step the eight year old navaho girl , Mary . alone , she stand on the stone stair and look out into the night with sensitive eye . she concentrate . know . Katherine follow she out . katherine hey bright eye , what 's the deal be out here all alone without a coat ? the girl 's eye seem too serious for a child 's . too perceptive . mary someone 's here . Katherine look out into the night . katherine where ? Mary stare a moment longer , then become a child again , smile and pop Katherine one on the arm . mary pig out on all the cake ? katherine oh , there might be one , tiny , skinny piece leave , but you be gonna have to race I for it . Mary suddenly point past Katherine 's shoulder . mary what 's that ? when Katherine turn Mary dash back into the building . mary ha ! katherine you little sneak ! Katherine chase after she . at that moment Simon come limping up from the road . his breathe 's bad now as he move stiffly along the school 's brick wall , come to a old , rusty back door he creak open and slide through . inside he climb a litter and disus staircase , past break beer bottle and condom wrapper to a dark and creaky second floor . it 's part of the school building long abandon . Doors to classroom lie half off they hinge , window be break , rat squeak between ancient desk stack like funeral pyre . Simon , he breath echoing in the cold darkness , shuffles along the break linoleum till he come to a rectangle cut in the wall where a row of locker use to be . he crawl into the space and there , surround by rot , curl up on himself and suck he thumb . dissolve to : int . apartment Thomas dagget 's eye open slowly . he sit up in he bed , run a hand through he hair , and look out with only medium enthusiasm at the morning . int . church Thomas light a offer candle and kneel for a brief , silent prayer . he cross himself , stand , and walk for the door . before leave he glance back at the altar . a question moment between two akward , estrange friend . int . police CENTER Thomas sit at he desk half - heartily try to make sense of the three dozen file pile there . Lt. Paul , he boss , lean against a wall nearby . lt . how 's it go ? daggett I be just look for my " suicide " rubber stamp . lt . sorry about leave you without a partner . everything 's up in the air till the commission settles they manpower budget . daggett I be okay . ( he phone ring ) dagget ... it 's do already ? ( smile ) must have rain over the golf course this morning . I will be right over . int . coroner' office a set of golf club rest forelornly in the corner . a irritable look coroner fume behind he desk as Thomas enter . daggett hey , Willie , sorry to hear about the weather . the coroner just stare at he . daggett should I bother sit ? coroner sit . Thomas obey as the coroner spread out a stack of white sheet . coroner where would you like I to start ? daggett I think we can skip the cause of death . coroner all right . to begin with , you man have no eye . daggett be not stick in the radiator grill ? coroner no , he never have any eye . we check the socket . there 's no optic nerve , muscle pore , loose viscus , nothing . daggett huh . coroner we also do a toxicology on he blood : High sodium , elevate selenium , no float cholesterol platelet , trace ammonia . daggett something wrong with that ? coroner no , it 's actually pretty common -- for a abort fetus . daggett ( rub eye ) I should have listen to Burrows ... coroner we also do a bone section . be not that much trouble since most of they be stick out of he chest anyway . daggett and ? coroner when baby grow up they bone get larger by add calcium layer over the interior haversham canal . child growth be not uniform though , come in spurt that always leave growth ring in the bone . everybody have they -- except you man . that would , to a hasty observer , seem to indicate he have never be a child . daggett I assume you , a cautious and learn observer , of course have a explanation . coroner not even remotely . want to hear the last one ? daggett not even remotely . coroner he 's a hermaphrodite . ( Thomas stare at he ) -- have both male and female sex organ . daggett think of the possibility . coroner yeah , you can be impotent and frigid all at the same time -- they do not normally work . Thomas sigh and climb to he foot . daggett well , I would love to say thank you , but -- coroner oh , I also have a bonus prize for you . the coroner open he desk and pull out a small , ancient look leather bound book . coroner found this seal in he coat lining . Thomas turn it over in he hand . daggett it 's a bible . coroner a pretty old one , I think . Thomas run he finger across the gold - leaf cover . coroner we check it out inside . think there might be a name or fingerprint somewhere . all we find be a curl page mark the fourteenth chapter of St. John 's revelation . daggett there be no fourteenth chapter to revelation . coroner maybe this be the teacher 's edition . Thomas open the bible and there it be , in Latin , the fourteenth chapter . daggett can I keep this awhile ? coroner sure . daggett ( beat ) can you sit on all this a few day , Willie ? not circulate the file ? I need some time before all the question start . coroner oooh , be we break the rule again ? daggett so what else be new ? int . police office Thomas at he desk , work under a lone gooseneck lamp . he 's translate the fourteenth chapter of St. John 's revelation from Latin onto a slip of paper . finish , he set the ancient bible down , turn off the gooseneck , and lean back in he chair , alone in the dark . dissolve to : ext . desert - early morning here , outside the town , horizon be distant , faraway thing . the sky overhead be streak red and blue with barely morning as the screen door of a simple stucco house swing open . it 's Katherine , the teacher . wearing levis and boot , she carry a saddle swing over one denim shoulder out to a corral behind the house where a horse shuffles and whinny impatiently . katherine in a minute , in a minute ... Katherine throw the saddle over the horse and cinch it down as the sun , still tuck behind pink and grey cliff , begin to heat up the sky . ext . sandstone canyon - morning deep and narrow , a idyllic canyon of compress sandstone wall smoothe , round and etched by century of wind . a tiny creek flow past weak bank of scrub pine and pock sycamore . a silent place a long way and a long time from anything but the approach of gallop hoof . Katherine and she horse run full - out through the canyon , the clack and splash of hoof echoing off steep , shadow wall . horse and rider drive each other harder and harder , they hot breath brief cloud in the arch , thin desert air . boulder shattered by winter cold and summer heat , deep wind - cut cave hide scorpion , sidewinder , or a wary mountain lion all pass as in a blur ; arrogant hawk and patient buzzard , ruin of thousand year old anasazi village high on the cliff , they weather - beat skull , see and unseen , stare out ; everything be one smear of color and smell as Katherine gallop past they and up the cliff trail , out of the canyon , and onto the main plateau . on the plateau Katherine stroke she horse and feed it a bag of carrot . she pull a thermos from the pack , sit down against some old man rock , and with the coffee steaming in she hand , greet the sun now crest the chuska Mountains . there 's a rutte , silty dirt road nearby . a ancient , batter school bus rattles its way past and stop . the bus driver , a navaho , JOHN , climb down and rub the side of he head painfully walk up to Katherine . JOHN you could save my life with some coffee . he hold out a empty cup Katherine fill . sipping painfully , he lay down beside she and pull the brim of he baseball cap over he eye . katherine tough night ? JOHN you do not want to hear about it . ( peek out hopefully ) or maybe you do . katherine no thanks . JOHN just check . the bus be full of young school kid . katherine should not they be get to school ? JOHN impromptu field trip . I be broaden they mind . and spare they the sight of they beloved chauffeur barfing he gut out . Katherine 's horse snort . JOHN I hate horse . how be the canyon ? honey - suckle out yet ? katherine do not see any . JOHN I hate that canyon . I hate this this whole plateau . too many goddamn ghost . leave it to they I say . San Diego , that 's where I be go . or oxnard . I like the sound of that . ox - nard . katherine I be happy here . JOHN oh lord protect we , another romantic pale face in love with the desert . katherine just get to give it a chance . JOHN try grow up here . ( try word out on tongue ) ox - nard . ( stick out coffee cup ) Uno mas , see-boo-play . ( she pour ) speak of romantic pale face , the rumor mill be in high gear again . katherine who this time ? JOHN that funny look guy from window rock . the bia lawyer . katherine ( non-committal ) huh . JOHN no ! say it be not so ! katherine it be not so . JOHN thank you . he finish the coffee and climb painfully to he foot . JOHN thanks for the joe . katherine no prob . JOHN you be a credit to the community . he shuffles back to the bus . JOHN all right child , look sharp ! this be a school day ! and no talk loud ! the bus cough alive and crawl forward . Katherine wave to the face behind glass , then settles back for a last moment of peace as silence lay again over the land . ext . katherine's house - day shower and change into she teach clothes , Katherine climb into a rattling pickup . ext . the town Katherine drive to work , pass on the outskirt the close copper mine , vast and abandon . down beyond the fade main street lie the great crumble brick pile that be the school . Katherine park she truck , grab she leather bag , and walk in . dissolve to : Katherine 's lecture she student . all twenty - five of they . there 's high school age son of white rancher , navaho girl on the edge of puberty , tiny mexican child . all be teach together in one room . it 's dinosaur day . Katherine have a large fossilize bone on she lap . katherine this be " camposaurus " . camposaurus be a herbavore , which mean he only eat plant . camposaur stay mostly to himself and never bother anyone . the little girl smile . they like camposaurus . Katherine hold up another bone fragment . katherine this be a leg fragment that belong to the killer of the plateau , alosaurus . alosaurus be a vicious carnivore , which mean he would eat anything that move , especially nice , juicy camposaur . the little boy grin . they like alosaurus . katherine both this guy live together right here on the White rock plateau eighty million year ago , when this area use to be on the bank of a huge , shallow sea . remember how we talk about how sedimentation fossilize bone ? that 's also what make the hill out behind we town and put the copper in the ground . high school kid lot of good that do we . Katherine lift off the desk a ancient 1950s gieger counter and switch it on . it tick softly when she point it at the dino bone . boy it 's radioactive ! like godzilla ! katherine just a tiny bit , Alex . do you know why ? uranium , that 's the rock they use in nuclear power plant -- boy and bomb ! katherine and bomb Alex , yes , be all through this hill naturally . million of year ago the dinosaur here eat plant and drank water which have uranium in it that become concentrate in they bone , which be exactly how , with Mr. geiger counter here , we be go to find some . the class cheer . ext . hill - day with the brick schoolhouse tiny in the background , Katherine 's class trudge its way up the barren , rocky hillside behind the town . the teenage rancher 's kid try to make time with the mexican girl one of the little boy have get into a shove match with a little girl . katherine ( come between they ) -- hey. come on . what 's the deal , Brian ? the girl fold she arm defiantly . the boy be piss , embarrassed . brian she ... katherine yes ? brian ... she , she call I a " Dick head " . katherine Sandra ? sandra well , he be . katherine all right , Brian . you get one free insult . make it good . Brian concentrate . paul you ... you be a ... cow demon ! katherine ( beat ) uh ... okay . everybody satisfied ? ( look at Brian ) cow demon ? up on the hill Katherine 's give the geiger counter to the little navaho girl , Mary . focus grimly on the rock in front of she , Mary guide the detector over the stone till suddenly it begin click softly . mary I get one ! I get one ! the high school kid come up and help dig . katherine easy ... easy ... do not break it . almost immediately , a eye socket appear in the dust . as the student carefully brush away the dust , Katherine look back across the crumbly path . a coyote have creep up onto a near ledge . it just stand there . watch she . dissolve to : int . big CITY church it 's mostly empty at this time of day and the young man sit in the pew , stare at the altar , be alone . his name be gabriel and he wear jeans , a fade leather jacket , and dark sunglass , even inside . his thin hair be slicked back and there 's a almost feminine quality about he . he sit there a moment longer , stare , then get up and leave . ext . downtown alley the alley from the beginning . Gabriel pull he old , convertible rambler to a stop and walk into the flophouse . int . flophouse he come upstairs to the landing , where the door to the room be cover with a strip of yellow tape : police investigation . do not enter . Gabriel pull the tape aside and kick the door open . inside it 's still the disaster we remember . Gabriel walk slowly through the room . he scratch up some blood , taste it . there 's spray-paint outline where the police have remove certain item . Gabriel take note of this , taste the blood again , and leave . dissolve to : ext . katherine's classroom build - day it 's lunch break . most of the student sit in loose clique around the front of the building ; eat , skip rope , pick fight . inside the recently unearth skull sit on Katherine 's desk . foot up beside it , she lean back in she chair look through a dinosaur book . one of she student , a twelve year old boy , finish clean up the floor and stand beside she . boy I be all do with the clean , miss Henley . katherine thank you , Jason . I appreciate it . boy ( look at book over she shoulder ) find out what it be , yet ? katherine well , it 's either a 44 million year old strychtosaurus or that cow Mr. sorenson lose last winter . the boy , still stand beside she , begin to look nervous . slowly , he let he weight rest against Katherine 's shoulder . she smile good naturedly up at he . katherine go eat you lunch , Jason . the boy immediately stiffen and begin back up , almost relieved . boy sure , miss Henley . thanks . see ya . Katherine watch he leave , smile again , and go back to the book . around the back of the build on the abandon back stair , a couple of mexican boy sit smoking cigarettes . they whistle and kid with the four young girl that pass they go up the step . upstair be the abandon , decaye part of the building . the four girl know they be not suppose to be here and that 's probably half the fun . they run through the crumble hall , giggle and hide from one another . they cry , the smack of they shoe , echo off off the peel hall . one of they be Mary , run down a hall , bang a stick with another girl . at a corner Mary peel off from she friend , run down a new hall , turn a corner , and come on Simon . he 's still curl where we last see he , in the wall niche where some locker use to be . the two stare at one another . finally , mary hi. simon hi. mary what 's you name ? simon Simon . mary you do not look so good , Simon . simon no , I do not . mary I be Mary . simon hello Mary . mary do miss Henley know you be here ? simon no one do , Mary . can we keep it just we secret . for a little while ? Mary think . mary okay . you can hear she friend come closer . mary I have to go . simon it be nice meeting you , Mary . Mary go to leave , stop , turn back . mary be you hungry ? I could bring something . simon that would be very nice . mary okay . bye . she smile and run down the hall . Simon grit he tooth , turn to the wall , and prepare himself for a long , long day . dissolve to : ext . apartment build - day a old fifty two -level , polynesian lamp and glitter stucco , now fade and browinish with water stain . Gabriel , the young man with the sunglass and leather jacket we last see kick down the door at the flophouse , walk up the apartment 's stair to the second level , knock once , and open the door . the apartment inside have not be very well look after lately . either have the occupant . sitting slump in a kitchen chair , stare at the floor , he peer through dully yellow eye that barely seem to register he visitor . gabriel gee Jerry , you look like shit . the eye lift to Gabriel , revealing a pale , bloodless face eat with dry sore . jerry leave I alone , Gabriel . gabriel soon , pal . soon. Gabriel drop into the chair across from Jerry and push aside with distaste the maggot-ddend plate of food pile on the table . he reach he hand out to Jerry . gabriel come here . jerry go away . gabriel ( sing -song , like to a baby ) come here ... Gabriel put he hand under Jerry 's chin and turn the face side to side , examine the crack , decaye skin and filmy eye . gabriel hmmm . still a little life leave in you . barely . jerry fuck you . Gabriel release Jerry 's chin and slouches down in the chair . gabriel there 's something I want you to do for I . jerry what a surprise . gabriel do not be that way . jerry I just want to ... why will not you let I ... gabriel I will , I will . promise . a dark , intestinal look amber fluid begin to pool out of Jerry 's pant leg . gabriel you need some new clothes , son . a tear well in Jerry 's decompose face . gabriel aw come on , do not start . you know how I hate that ... jerry I be so tired . I be so goddamn tired . gabriel watch the profanity . -- just one more favor . honest . jerry ( deep sigh ) what ? gabriel I want you to get something for I . a few personal effect the cop rip off from the lovely allenwood arm on seventh Street . it will be sit in they property room down on San Julian . jerry I be suppose to just go in there ? like this ? gabriel give you a bath , put on some decent clothes , ( beat ) maybe a very large brim hat , you will be fine . just go in between five and five - ten , it 's a shift change and nobody will notice you . jerry how do you know ? gabriel ( cock a eye ) c'mon . ( toss yellow id card onto table ) this should be more or less up to date . jerry get a name this stuff be under ? gabriel John doe . jerry why do not that surprise I . Gabriel get up , pat Jerry on the head , and walk to the door . gabriel I will see you tonight . ( flip he silver dollar ) here 's some bus fare . CUT to : the slam of a racquetball against the scar white wall of a indoor court . it ricochet off the ceiling , hit the back glass partition , and be slammed again . four player , include Thomas , grunt and sweat across the hardwood floor . it 's brutal . shoulder and knee bang off one another . one of the player fall back , yell to Thomas . player cover I ! cover I ! Thomas dive into position to make the save , recover , and yell to the player as he dash to the next corner . daggett pop it up ! the player slam it brutally at Thomas , who miss miserably . daggett thanks a lot . another player pick up the dead ball and put he arm around Thomas . player # 2 you be miss the point of the game , Thomas . you must absolutely trust no one . form alliance , but break they . lure another to trust you , then betray he ! you play with too much honor . sink to the gutter . use people . lie and double- cross they . player # 2 toss the ball to Thomas , who serve , and the scuffling be back on . shout to one another . promise of support . player # 2 come on Thomas , let 's take out Sam together ! Thomas and player # 2 team up on a third player , press he hard . suddenly Thomas break back , intercept the ball , and drive against player # 2 . the about - face be too abrupt for he and player # 2 be eliminate in a double -cross . he smile proudly at Thomas . player # 2 magnificent decadence . int . gym locker room Thomas and the three player congratulate each other on the evil and treachery in each other 's strategy as they shower down . player # 1 the important thing , Tom , be see the game for what it be . player # 2 a sicken , hopeless , giant suck hole of depravity . laugh . int . locker room dressing area as Thomas comb he hair and slip on he regimental detective 's suit and tie , the other three put on they black pants , shirt , and stiff white Roman collar . they be priest . two of the priest hoist they gym bag and head for the door . priest # 1 see ya guy next Tuesday , huh ? Thomas be leave alone with player ( priest ) # 2 , Bill . bill so how 's work ? daggett okay . y'now . bill life on the dark side . daggett ( beat ) can I ask you about something ? bill sure . daggett it have to stay between we . I need you word on it . bill as a racquetball player or a priest ? daggett I will take the priest for the moment . bill what 's on you mind ? daggett it 's a case . we find this guy . he be ... different . but he have on he a old bible . he pull the bible out of a cloth sack and hand it to Bill . bill it 's a vichini . daggett Worth a little ? bill more than a little . they be the best . Sixth century . Hand illuminate . vichini only do twenty , each pocket size for a king to carry into battle beside he heart . some consider they the finest bible ever make . I think they would all be in museum . what be you do with it ? daggett this one 's a bit special . bill how ? daggett it 's have a bonus chapter to St , John 's revelation . bill really ? what do it say ? daggett ( read from slip of paper ) " and as in the first war , the angel so fight over the nature of they God , and there be much vanity and destruction in heaven . for some angel call they Lord the son of God , and other call him the begotten father of Jesus Christ . " what do you think ? bill I have never hear that quote before . theologically , the " first war " obviously refer to the war in heaven where Michael the archangel throw out Satan and he gang . Old time bible stuff . but this imply there be a second war . that 's news to I . daggett and the rest of it ? bill oh , it 's a fairly common theological debate . or be . the idea that if Christ be God 's son , do that make he less than God or be they the same be in different form . that very argument almost tore the early Christian church apart in the 4th century . that be the good old day when people actually worried about theology . anyway , it be settle when the bishop of the world get to together at the Council of nicene in 325 and hashed out the various interpretation of scripture into a uniform dogma of belief . the result be the nicene creed , which basically say that Christ be in fact the same as God and be owed the same power and respect as the Father . that they be the same . ( smile ) but it 's not exactly the sort of thing angel would fight over . daggett why ? bill well , they could just ask God , right ? daggett do you think it 's possible that John might have write that extra chapter ? bill who know ? vichini be the great biblical scholar of the age , some claim he make he own translation from the original writings . maybe he do find some unknown writings by John . it 's possible I suppose . John always be a little negative about angel . all this actually have something to do with a lapd murder ? daggett I do not know yet . maybe . probably not . bill I hate to break it you , but that particular family spat have be settle for 1,600 year . nobody lose sleep over it anymore . honest . daggett what do John have against angel ? bill oh , he do not trust they much . all that run around smite and kill in the name of the Lord . God 's wild bunch . he think it make they fickle and vain . one click above ghost . Satan do not help the image much either . daggett Satan ? bill well , he do start as a angel . ext . gym Thomas walk Bill out to he car . bill so when be you go to get a real job ? daggett you mean with the Church ? bill you almost do it once . I never see a seminary student more call to the collar than you . why do not you ever become ordain ? daggett it 's a long story . bill you will have to tell it to I sometime . daggett sometime . ext . downtown - day the building be squat and brick . a non-descrip warehouse that sub as a police evidence storage area . the sun be hard today as it beat down on Jerry 's large - brimm feel hat . daylight and Jerry do not get along very well . his sink , filmy eye squint at its glare . the decaye flesh crack along he cheek flame at its touch . he shuffles down the sidewalk , the brackish , amber fluid that gurgle down he leg fill he shoe and leave behind shiny wet footprint like a snail . there 's nobody around the back door and its unlock . Jerry 's shrunken claw pull it open . inside be a crush of filing cabinet and erector- set shelf . all of it cramme with low grade stuff . the heroin bust and million dollar currency arrest do not end up here . here it 's all shoe box and dusty file . fragment of small life forget . Jerry pull the brim of he hat down even further as he work he way past rack after rack . the single uniform he meet look only casually at Jerry 's lapel id badge . it 's on the third shelf he find it . John doe # 78 . Jerry lift the box and walk out . int . county build basement Gabriel step off the elevator and follow the sign for medical examiner . along the way he pass a checkpoint guard . guard need a pass , friend . gabriel I will just be a second . guard c'mon ... gabriel sorry . Gabriel walk back to the guard , smile , and knock he clean out of he chair with the back of he arm . the guard smack against the wall and crumple out of view . int . morgue tile floor and refrigerate corpse . nobody 's around when Gabriel enter . he walk over to a file cabinet and remove a thick folder . then he walk to the big filing cabinet , the one that hold a body in each drawer . he stroll along , tapping each label till he find the one he 's look for , slide it open , and look down at the naked body of the gargoyle . he 's be sew back together . kind of . Gabriel grab the eyeless corpse under the armpit and drag he out onto the floor where he push the leg together and outstretch the arm , like a crucifix . from he coat Gabriel take out a small vial of oil and rub it onto the gargoyle 's foot and hand . anoint they . then with the tip of he finger , he draw a faint sign of the cross on the forehead , stand , and walk for the door . in the background , as Gabriel leave , we see the body of the gargoyle burst into flame . dissolve to : int . katherine's school Katherine 's student be shuffle back from lunch to they seat , make small talk and paper airplane . Katherine do a head count , then stop a young boy come through the door . katherine Brian , have you see Mary ? brian I think she 's out back somewhere . katherine ( to girl ) allison ? allison we have not see she since lunch . katherine we be you guy up in the ... the girl , Mary 's friend , shrug innocently . Katherine sigh . katherine okay everybody , get start on today 's read . quietly . I will be right back . Katherine close the door behind she . the class immediately erupt into goof off . the door open again . katherine I mean quiet . in the abandoned part of the build Katherine walk through decaye and rusting hall . katherine ( call out ) Mary ... it 's spooky up here . a part of the building Katherine clearly dislike . katherine Mary ... ( to herself ) shit . Katherine call out Mary 's name a few more time , turn a few more corner , and suddenly come on she . katherine Mary ? Mary 's sit beside Simon , the bleed , ashen - face man with sunglass . she 's give Simon a piece of sandwich and a coke . Katherine be instantly wary . katherine Mary , come here . mary but Simon and I be -- katherine come here . Mary reluctantly walk over to Katherine . katherine go back to class . mary but -- katherine go. Mary frown , wave once to Simon , and leave . there 's a heaviness to the air around Simon . a kind of buzzing . Katherine blink she eye a few time . focus . simon she be not do any harm . katherine it 's not she I be worried about . simon of course . katherine what be you do here ? simon small job . mostly do now . just pass through . katherine this be school property , you can not sleep here . simon it be not part of the plan . honest . katherine ( notice blood stain ) be you all right ? simon no . not really . that buzz . Katherine rub the side of she temple . katherine I will have to call the police . simon I wish you would not , but I understand . katherine they will help you . simon oh , I rather doubt that . Katherine turn and leave , she footstep fade . Mary appear again . mary hi. simon hello . I think you would leave . mary I hide . I be very clever . simon I be sure you be . ( beat ) you be nice to give I the food . mary I know . simon I have not much time , Mary . and since you have be so nice to I , there 's something I would very much like to give to you . mary what ? simon just for a little while . something very special . can you keep it a secret ? the biggest secret ever ? mary yes . what be it ? simon come here , Mary . she take a couple of shy step toward he . simon closer ... as she do -- CUT to : Katherine , outside the building , round up some of the kid who decide to take a impromptu recess . hustling the last one up the stair , she pause suddenly . she hear something . faint cough . Katherine walk back around the side of the building and see Mary bent over , vomit . Katherine rush up to she . mary I do not feel good ... katherine what 's the matter , pumpkin ? do you eat something ? ( concerned beat ) do he give you something ? Mary cough up the last of she lunch . mary can I go home now ? Katherine wipe off Mary 's mouth with a hanky . katherine sure , hon . let 's go . ext . town - day Katherine drive Mary home , a dusty , tired mobile home slump among the saguaro and tumbleweed on the edge of town . int . mobile home Mary and Katherine pull open the door and enter . Mary 's elderly grandmother be sit watch " all my Children " . she smile at Katherine and look at Mary with concern as the little girl rub she stomach and explain something in navaho . in the bedroom Katherine help tuck Mary in bed as she grandmother bring a glass of water . katherine I will have the school send over a doctor . the grandmother sit beside Mary , whisper gently in navaho , and softly stoke she brow . in the live room katherine ( on the phone ) ... he 's be just lay up there . I think , with the kid and everything ... voice most of my boy be up the highway on a tanker spill at the moment . they may be a while . this people be rarely any problem . I will have a deputy come by tonight or tomorrow and shoo he out . katherine he look hurt . voice they all do , mar 'am . Inside or out , they be all damage goods . in the bedroom alone and tuck into bed , Mary stare off at something very , very far away . dissolve to : int . thomas' apartment the sun orange and fade outside he window , Thomas drift off into a nap on he couch . the phone ring . daggett yeah . voice it 's you friendly coroner . daggett why be my friendly coroner , after a long day at work , call I at home ? voice I have something you will want to see . daggett I doubt it . voice no , you will definitely want to see this . int . morgue on the floor be the smolder , blacken outline of a body . a thick , slimy goo gurgle and pop . the whole room be afoul with acrid smoke . coroner they also take the autopsy file . daggett " they " ? coroner he , she , it . they take it . they also lift all the physical evidence from the San Julian impound . daggett where be everyone ? coroner the cop at the desk be in the hospital as we speak with a break collarbone . everyone else be down the hall watch the basketball playoff . daggett who win ? coroner Temple . daggett lucky . coroner yeah . foul on the buzzer . Thomas jam he hand in he pocket and lean against a autopsy table . watch the smoke curl slowly up from the impossibly melt goo in front of he . daggett look like the snow angel we use to make as kid . lie down in a clean bank . move you arm up and down ... coroner you know what this mean . we friend 's clean out all the evidence on this guy . everything . daggett do the cop get a look at who nail he ? coroner tall . smile a lot . daggett anything else ? coroner he wear sunglass . Thomas pull out out he notebook . coroner you gonna figure this one out , Tom ? daggett I be go to try . coroner when you do , give I a call . tell I I be not crazy . int . jerry's apartment Gabriel crouch on the linoleum and pour everything out of the evidence box onto the floor . he sift through it , a smile appear when come across the chimney rock Republican and its circle obituary . gabriel you like the desert , Jerry ? Jerry be look worse by the day . a rotting , ooze fissure have open on he forehead . his right eye do not move anymore . he sit on a kitchen chair glumly . jerry you promise . you promise that -- gabriel -- soon. honest . do not be a pest about it . jerry ( sigh ) never trust a fuck angel . gabriel excellent advice . int . police station Thomas sit hunch over he note from the first day of the investigation . written in it be the chimney rock Republican and the obituary name of General Arnold hawthorn . Lt. Paul sit down in the chair opposite . lo. paul do you ever have one of that afternoon where you feel no one 's give you a straight answer about anything ? daggett oh , maybe five or six time a week . lo. paul ( read sheet ) it say here somebody get into the property warehouse and clean everything out of you evidence box . no , he do leave one thing . a footprint . 11 -d . daggett mud on he shoe ? lo. paul spinal fluid . Thomas slowly close he notebook . lo. paul I be not go to get a straight answer out of you either , be I ? daggett not yet . the Lt. rub he eye tiredly . daggett I need to go to Arizona . lo. paul for you health ? daggett so I can give you a straight answer . lo. paul sure , why not ? take the kid . see the Grand Canyon . send I a fuck postcard . daggett sorry . lo. paul I have get a headache , Tom , and I hate my life . if you have to go , go . dissolve to : ext . desert - night on a utterly lonely blacktop , Gabriel shoot by in he top - down rambler , insignificant in the night 's vastness . Jerry 's in the back , foot up on the seat . jerry why do you need I ? I can hardly walk now . gabriel some thing be human work , son . live or dead , human work . besides , I like you . jerry lucky moi . Gabriel suddenly stand on the brake , screeching the rambler to a dusty stop . he kill the engine and everything be instantly whisper night and coyote howl . Gabriel climb out and walk to the edge of a cliff . Far below , nestle among the finger - like spire of volcanic cone , lie the town . twinkle light in a cold , dark embrace . Gabriel push he sunglass up he nose and smile . gabriel I can always smell a graveyard . two coyote begin fight and snarling with each other in the dust nearby . ext . graveyard - night on a low hill at the edge of town . crack , sink headstone . the rambler 's park next to a new one , slim picken on the am , as Jerry dig up the fresh grave mark General Arnold hawthorne . Gabriel sit perch on the headstone over the grave like a winge creature . jerry I hope you be enjoy this . gabriel I always enjoy watch you work , Jerry . jerry how do I ever get you in my life ? gabriel come on , you do not really want to kill yourself . jerry but I do it , do not I ? I do kill myself . gabriel well , yes . technically . jerry and you be just keep I alive . gabriel letting you die slower . jerry I be so in you debt . gabriel thank you , Jerry . I be touch . really . Jerry 's shovel clanks onto something hard . he scrape away the dirt , revealing a coffin lid . with a socket wrench Jerry remove the fasten bolt , then with the edge of he shovel , pries open the lid . it 's the ancient , waste general we see at the beginning . his medal flash in the moonlight . jerry not much to look at . gabriel ah , but it 's not what 's on the outside that matter -- Gabriel leap off he perch down into the grave . gabriel -- it 's what 's on the inside . Gabriel reach down , place one hand on the General 's forehead , one on he chin , and break the mouth open . he gaze down into it . then suddenly stiffen and straighten up . gabriel ( upset ) it 's not here . Gabriel frantically look in the ear . up the nose . gabriel it 's not here ! jerry oooh , bad news for the war effort . gabriel ( spin wildly on he ) shut up !! Gabriel bang the coffin lid in frustration . tries to think . gabriel now , if you be a soul , where would you hide ? jerry the hell away from you . int . thomas' apartment the number on the clock radio roll over five am and the news come on . Thomas stir in bed , rub he eye , and look out at a sky untouched by any sign of dawn . CUT to : in coat and tie , Thomas sit in he spartan kitchen stir a coffee when the phone ring . female voice hey little brother . daggett ( smile ) hey . how 's the world ? voice the world 's the usual . except for a guppy . the world 's minus one guppy this morning . daggett and Jamie and Mac ? voice they keep ask for uncle Tommy . the only man that can make stuff bear talk . daggett my one true call . what 's up ? voice what do you mean ? daggett it 's five - thirty in the morning . voice ( beat ) I just think I should call . daggett you always be telepathic . voice do not go . Thomas look up at he overnight bag , sit half - pack on the dresser . daggett it 's my job , Jan . I go place sometimes . voice I just have this terrible feel about it . what 's happen , Tom ? daggett I do not know . voice I miss you . even when you be here . I miss you . I miss my brother . it 's be four year , Tom , since ... daggett I know . voice we be the only blood family we have leave , you and I . I worry about you . daggett I will be okay . voice sorry about the dawn - attack call . I love you . daggett I love you too , Jan . he cradle the phone , stare at it , then pick up he overnight bag . ext . the town - night Silent and dead at this hour . Gabriel 's boot creak on the floorboard of the 19th century plank sidewalk . he tap he finger aimlessly along plate glass shop window . gabriel Boy , what a dump , huh ? Jerry , limping on a foot that 's cave in on itself , wiping the spinal fluid out of he dead eye , shuffles along behind . Gabriel pop off the elevate sidewalk , grab a parking meter and swing himself playfully around . gabriel why can not this shit ever go down in Miami ? or bora bora ? I feel like I have spend my whole damn stay in gin swill like this . jerry life 's a bitch . Gabriel suddenly freeze . he stick he nose up , sniff like a coyote , then abruptly drop to the ground in a push - up and smell the dirt . tastes it with he tongue . smile . gabriel well well ... int . the school build - night a fracture of break moon tumble through shattered window and fall dully across shape old , shape forget , and one shape try hopelessly to drag itself across the floor . it 's Simon ; breath a rasp , blood -soak pants leave a long smear behind he like a hemorrhage snail . he cough , drag a arm across the lense of he sunglass , and look up at a pair of black , lizard - skin boot . gabriel hi , Simon . Simon roll on he back and sigh . simon Gabriel . Simon look up at puss - face Jerry , lean quietly in a dark corner . jerry do not mind I . just along for the ride . Gabriel sit down against the wall . gabriel so , what shall we talk about ? theology ? simon I be a little talk out on theology . gabriel Fair enough ... Gabriel turn he boot to the moon , watch the pale light glint back off the lizard scale . gabriel you know why I be here . simon oh yes . gabriel do not happen to have it on you by chance ? simon no . gabriel that would have be too easy . Simon suddenly jump to he foot . tries to escape . Jerry trip he , sprawling Simon back to the floor . gabriel please , Simon . get serious . Gabriel walk over to he . put he face close . gabriel now . where 's the soul ? ( beat ) you know . so high . use to reside in the recently depart General hawthorne . Simon do not answer . Gabriel shrug . gabriel have it you way , big guy . simon I do have one question . gabriel shoot . simon do you even remember what this war 's about ? Gabriel pause , almost thoughtfully . then he smile . gabriel that 's hardly the point , be it ? simon I guess I never do get the point . gabriel happens . simon how do you do it , Gabriel ? how do you go on and on in this place ? gabriel I like it here , Simon . I always have . simon I be so tired ... Gabriel grasp Simon 's hand . gabriel then join we , Simon . reject the nicene Council . we be here first . simon I can not do it , Gabriel . I do not even know why anymore , but I can not . gabriel you know the routine . simon ( swallow hard ) yes . Gabriel 's hand be suddenly on Simon 's face , finger spread , claw - like . they press into the flesh . hard . and harder . until Simon start to bleed . then to burn . int . katherine's house - night Katherine startles abruptly in she bed at the faraway sound of Simon 's scream . scream carry either on the wind or she dream . int . mary house - night asleep , sweaty , shiver , Mary suddenly open she eye . int . the school build - night Gabriel release he grip on Simon , let he fall back against the wall , afire . his clothes twist and blacken . his skin creep and pop . his sunglass melt and fall away ; revealing two hollow pit beneath . Gabriel lift Simon 's entire body up off the floor by just the disintegrate face , and stare into the hollow pit . gabriel not yet . and the fire go out . Gabriel drop the crackle , acrid body onto the floor . impossibly , through the sizzling mucus and molten hair , it breathes . it gasp in pain . it will not die . gabriel I can do this for five month , Simon ... dissolve to : ext . the town the sky above lighten and smear blue and red . katherine finishes dress for school , pick up she teach bag , and crunch out across the gravel to she pick -up . int . the school build Gabriel 's lizard boot pace back and forth past Simon 's writhe , burn body . Gabriel 's more jittery now . lose he patience . he bend down and pull Simon 's face up to he . gabriel this be get boring , Simon . jerry amen . gabriel where be it ? where do you put it ? the sear skin around Simon 's mouth come off in Gabriel 's hand . but Simon be still , even now , silent . gabriel where be it ! he fling Simon with a horrible crunch against the wall . gabriel I be just about out of trick here . you be a tough one , friend . Old school . he walk over and place a hand with something like friendship on Simon 's char shoulder . gabriel God love you , Simon . and with the other hand Gabriel jam he fist into Simon 's chest , pulling out a lumpy , burn heart . Simon 's mouth spring open and hiss emptily . Gabriel slip the heart into he pocket and let go of Simon 's shoulder . the body instantly disintegrate and crash to the floor . ext . the town - morning Katherine squint at the morning glare as she drive through town . pull into the school 's drive she see , park at the building 's back door , a sheriff 's patrol car . int . school build Katherine come up the stair of the building 's abandon floor , pass the stack of rotting desk toward where she last see Simon . there 's a bad smell in the air . at a turn stand a deputy that look up as Katherine approach . deputy you may want to skip this , mar 'am . Katherine look past he to where a second deputy crouch down beside ... beside something . it 's human shape , but like a shadow . a shadow twisted in agony and slicked with a tarry , smolder ooze . the smell be overpower . the crouch deputy have a handkerchief over he mouth . crouched deputy God damn ... deputy ( to Katherine ) be any of you student up here ? katherine Mary ... ext . mary family trailer - day Katherine pull - up and park . inside Mary be still in bed , droopy - eye and sweat . her grandmother be there , and so be a elderly navaho . he stand beside Mary 's side , hold above she body a clench pouch that he pass slowly back and forth . katherine ( to grandmother ) how be she ? grandmother same . katherine do the doctor come by ? grandmother he find nothing . but something be in she . I know . something the belagaana doctor can not see . the night people have be around two day now . it be a warning . ( nod to navaho man ) so we have call the hand trembler . to find if she must have a enemy ghost Way . the old man mumble a soft chant as he move the pouch back and forth across Mary 's body . ext . mary family trailer - day Katherine walk back out toward she pickup . she stop . thirty yard away , almost invisible in the sage say for the glare of its evil , intelligent eye , be a coyote . as she feel it 's gaze a shadow suddenly cross she shoulder . Katherine turn quickly but only barely catch , out of the corner of she eye , a glimpse of something very large . and winge . CUT to : a huge semi roaring deafeningly past on a empty desert highway , kicking up a dusty cyclone that drift over a one - horse gas station and Thomas , sit there in he car check a map . CUT to : ext . county build - day small townish ; old adobe and stucco wall , cannon on the front lawn , every door loudly declare itself a department : social SERVICES , court , and , sheriff . inside the sheriff 's personal office be turn of the century regal , with high beam ceiling and rotate fan . nothing seem new than 1940 , include the coffee pot the sheriff pour a mugful from . trim with glass , bolo tie and boot , he look like Barry goldwater . sheriff and to what do I owe the thrill of a visit from a so Cal homicide cop ? he hand the coffee to Thomas , sit in a chair beside he solid oak desk . daggett run of of the mill psycho killer body dismemberment on we end . the usual . sheriff Lovely place , Los Angeles . daggett get a lead I want to run down chimney rock way . think I would do the courtesy of tell you first . sheriff Big of you . daggett you be welcome to put a babysitter on I if you like . the sheriff smile . sheriff Son , this be the third biggest county in the country , not even count the 25,000 square mile indian reservation right next door , and I have get fewer man than just one of you little palm tree precinct to cover all of it . ' fraid the only help you be gonna get from I , short of another shoot out at the ok corral , be that cup of coffee in you hand . a middle - age secretary enter with a stack of paper . secretary here 's the last week 's watch report . she hand they to the sheriff , who pass they on to Thomas . he flip through the stack , come up with nothing . the secretary hand another , single sheet to the sheriff . secretary Bobby just call this in from chimney rock . Thomas perk at the town 's name . sheriff ( to Thomas ) send a car up there this morning . teacher complain some vagrant be sleep in she schoolhouse . the sheriff 's brow crinkle in consternation as he read further . sheriff ( to secretary ) damn it , get Bobby on the phone , clarice . what the hell be this suppose to be ? daggett ( be report ) May I ? the sheriff hand it to he . glancing at it we pick up word like burned , black slick , body outline . Thomas copy the name of the school down , gulp he coffee , and shake the sheriff 's hand . daggett thanks for the coffee . sheriff ( as Thomas turn to leave ) small piece of advice , Lt. dagget , that I give free of charge to all visit big city policeman : it 's wild country up there . always have be , always will be . you come across anything that snarl , you call I first , hear ? daggett I never turn down advice , sheriff . especially when it 's free . dissolve to : Thomas 's sedan pass through the vast , empty land . far on the horizon a small clump of building emerge cling hopelessly to the earth . the town . ext . town HOTEL - day a former miner 's hotel , stone wall and sagging wringht iron . int . HOTEL room Thomas toss he bag onto the bed , open the balcony door , and look out on the crumbly shale hill , the abandon prospect shack , and the chuska Mountains , cloud brewing darkly across its shattered back . CUT to : a close - up of the circle newspaper obituary for General hawthorne . the paper lower and reveal behind it the general 's grave . the dirt around the tomb be loose , recently fill . the grave keeper , a young , gangly , drifter type stand nearby with he shovel . daggett how long ago be he bury ? grave keeper which time ? daggett what do you mean ? grave keeper somebody dig he up last night . I just finish put he back . daggett do they take anything ? grave keeper nothin ' on the outside . int . the schoolhouse Thomas 's breath escape in warm cloud here in the unheate , abandon part of the building . rat scurry away from feed on the dark , human-like stain on the floor as Thomas crouch down beside it . he probe the dry , black , crusty flotsam with he ball - point pen . just like the burn body back at the morgue . Far away you can hear the sound of child . of a teacher 's voice . downstair it 's only past the final door , into the smallest corner of the building , that the wall become clean and brightly paint by eager third grader . the creepy silence transform itself into the giggle of child as they bang open the classroom door and whoop themselves outside for recess . the last one out be Katherine . she 's surprised to see Thomas . daggett hello . katherine ( suspicious ) can I help you with something ? daggett Tom dagget . I be with the police . katherine about the guy upstairs ? daggett I would like to ask you a few question . katherine I have kinda get my hand full right now . daggett I will just tag along . Katherine unlock a hall cabinet and pull out a stack of volleyball . she toss two to Thomas . katherine here , make yourself useful . arm full , she push the building door open with she shoulder and back out into the sunshine . she toss the ball out to the kid . katherine okay , everbody stay on the court today . ( kid groan ) -- I mean it . she sit down beside Thomas on the building 's stone step . daggett what grade be this ? katherine all of them . daggett town do not look that small . katherine nearly all ghost now . when the copper mine close it take most of the town with it . we just teach out of this one corner of the schoolhouse now . Rest of it 's be abandon for year . daggett you be the only teacher . katherine yup . just I . ( to kid threaten another ) -- Randy ... randy but he -- katherine do it again and I will put you head in the door and slam it . ( to Thomas ) Love and understanding be important tool in education . daggett clearly . the child skitter back and forth play . daggett the man upstairs , do you talk to he ? katherine I want to know what the hell he be do there . daggett what do he say ? katherine that it be not part of the plan . he look hurt . bloody . like someone have cut he . that happen here . ( beat ) be that ... stuff ... on the floor really he ? daggett do any of the child talk to he ? katherine yes . daggett who ? katherine ( protective ) she 's home sick from school today . daggett can I speak with she parent ? katherine they be dead . she life with she grandmother . I will have to ask she . daggett all right . ( stand , hand she slip of paper ) this be my number at the hotel . Thomas start away . pause . daggett do you know Arnold hawthorne ? katherine the General ? saw he here and there . it 's a small town . daggett military man ? katherine about a million year ago . his interest lately be more like gardening and herbal tea . daggett do you go to the funeral ? katherine everyone do . he live here . daggett no dark hide secret ? katherine there be no secret in small town , Mr. dagget , dark or otherwise . across the STREET up the crumbly embankment , sit perch on the roof of a abandon house , be Gabriel . he watch Thomas walk to he car . he watch the child play , lift he nose to snort the air , like a coyote . int . the town library Thomas sift through some clipping on General hawthrone . tactical genius . the man who save Korea . brutal . almost court marshall a dozen time for he inspire savagery . a truly ruthless man -- who spend the last twenty year quietly tend he garden in a die town . int . the town church small , simple , and woodplanked . the church we see at the beginning . Thomas sit there , stare at the candle , the altar , the crucifix . he 's alone there . but for a creep buzz . a feel in the air . gabriel voice it 's unusual to see someone of you age in church on a weekday . Thomas turn in surprise . Gabriel be kneel in the row behind , inch from he ear . gabriel do not get I wrong . I think it 's a excellent sign of character . there 's something cold and creepy about Gabriel . out of place in here . there 's another sound . teeth chatter far in the back . Thomas turn and see Jerry , deep in the shadow of the choir box . Jerry wave . gabriel never mind he . he should not even be in here . least not stand . that sunglass . impenetrably dark . like at the skid row flophouse . gabriel you be not from here . daggett either be you . gabriel I be look for something . daggett have you find it ? gabriel I will . have you find what you be look for ? daggett I will . gabriel ( appraise he ) I do not doubt it . ( stand ) you will let I know ? when you find it ? daggett where be you stay ? gabriel I be around . and he walk out , leave Thomas alone in a place go suddenly cold . int . thomas' HOTEL there 's a note wait for he at the front desk : " her name be Mary tsosie . you can talk to she at noon tomorrow . I will be at the vfw hall tonight -- Katherine . " dissolve to : int . vfw hall - night Thomas stick he head in through the door . microphone voice ... b- 26 ... b- 26 ... it 's a indian bingo game . Thomas ' eye drift down the table pack with elderly face and find Katherine and John the navaho bus driver . Katherine wave he over . both she and John be totally obsessed with the game , keep track of several card . daggett I get you note . katherine have a seat . you need a card . here , play one of mine . daggett no , it 's okay . really -- JOHN you must learn to shed you high - strung way , pale face . you must learn the spirit joy in patience , peace , and make fifty or sixty buck . microphone voice ... G - 19 ... G - 19 ... katherine John , this be Mr. dagget . say he 's with the police , though judge by he coat and basic command of the english language , I do not think it 's from anywhere around here . daggett ( shake John 's hand ) tom. from Los Angeles . JOHN that near oxnard ? daggett sort of . katherine Long way from home , tom-from - Los - Angeles . microphone voice D - 9 ... D - 9 ... Thomas lazily glance at he card , he eye open suddenly wide . daggett -- hey , wait . I win . I win ! katherine -- what ? no way -- JOHN recount ! recount ! CUT to : int . town hall - night a navaho social in full swing -- square dance . the indian band on stage play deeply traditional , inspiring , -- hank Williams . John easily whirl Katherine around ; a steely - eye , master square dancer . Thomas lean against the wall tug on a beer . when John release she for another partner she point at Thomas . katherine you turn . daggett oh , no thanks . katherine c'mon , do not be a drip . she lead he out onto the floor . daggett I be not very good at this ... katherine ( as they dance ) no , you be not , be you ? she smile . get a smile out of he . katherine let I lead . ext . dance hall - night couple drift off the building 's porch and into the street to cool off , smoke , and take a few hit off paper bag . John lean against the brick wall , tug liberally from he paper bag , and exchange war hoop with some friend across the street . he pass the bag to Katherine and Thomas . JOHN so how 's we star pupil feel today ? katherine Mary ? the school doctor come by . declare it " non-specific gastrointestinal disorder " . JOHN Latin for " I do not have the slight fuck idea " . daggett will she be able to talk with I ? katherine that 's up to she . ( to John ) Mary 's grandmother call a hand trembler . JOHN uh oh . hocus pocus time . daggett be that serious ? JOHN depend what the hand trembler say . people call they in when they think a witch or a yei be try to sprinkle corpse sickness in they hogan , or if the night people have be hang around too much . night people screw around a lot , but they be good at warning of evil ghost . daggett who be the night people ? JOHN they come as coyote . ext . road - night Thomas sit in the truck 's bed as they Katherine drive through town . John , on the near side of royally toast , have he boot stick out the passenger window . Thomas look up at the night sky . at its blaze of star . daggett beautiful star out here . John drink again from he bottle , rest he head on the open window and look out . JOHN too much fuck sky in the desert . it push on you . ( sigh ) sometimes I wonder if anyone in heaven even know this place be here ... int . JOHN be house - night early american bachelor . John collapse onto the couch as Katherine head for the kitchen . katherine where do you keep the coffee in this joint ? JOHN above the stove . she mess with the grounds and filter . Thomas pace the room , look over the picture and a few weaving . daggett what happen if the hand trembler say a ghost have be ... JOHN -- mess with Mary ? if you be smart you say thank you very much and forget about it . but if you be heavy traditional , and Mary 's people be serious traditional , you have a enemy ghost Way . daggett what 's that ? JOHN goddamn expensive . it 's a sing to purify and drive off the corpse sickness . two day of dance and ceremony and feed the whole damn village . not even to mention hire the yataallii , if you can even find one this day . and you can bet they do not come cheap . but every clan do it a bit different . especially Mary 's . daggett you know they ? JOHN the bitter Sky clan . hard core reservation . no light , no run water , no HBO . they village be out on the edge of Old woman butte . million mile from anything . witch country . settle right there in the Dead people land where no one else would , right on top of the old anasazi village . they be a die clan . just the old one now . all alone out there in the middle of nothing . ( drink ) they can keep it . daggett do people really still believe in it all ? ghost , sing , corpse sickness ? JOHN depend , I guess . sometimes you go along because it 's a village thing , or you do not want to disappoint grandma . but sometimes , when you be alone out there , far from town , and the wind kick up and sneak into you hogan ... I do not know . John close he eye and drift off . Thomas wander into the kitchen . daggett I think John 's out for the evening . katherine Saturday night in chimney rock . she hand he a mug of coffee . daggett so how do a person like you end up teach here ? katherine when I be young I use to believe that no matter how much you muck around in you life , one day , if you listen hard enough , a voice would tell you what you be really cut out to do . and when it do not show up on schedule I decide to go look for it . and I look in a lot of place , believe I . I drive that road out there so far that the end become the beginning again . and it be when I get here that I realize there never be go to be a voice . so I stop look and take the first job they offer I . that make any sense to you ? daggett oh , I know all about voice . Problem be not all of they be very nice . katherine how do you end up a cop ? daggett it be the evil of two lesser . katherine be you always this cryptic ? daggett no . when you get to know I I can be down right evasive . ext . HOTEL - night Katherine pull up to drop Thomas off . daggett thanks for the lift . tomorrow at noon ? at the little girl 's house ? katherine first trailer on the highway past town . Thomas climb out . katherine I must say , Mr. dagget , that you do not seem very like a police officer to I . daggett that 's what my boss keep say . katherine I mean it as a compliment . daggett so take . goodnight , miss Henley . katherine goodnight , tom-from -lo -angele . dissolve to : Thomas lie in he hotel bed , flinching through a dream - fill sleep . there 's glimpsis of shattered image : war. death . and a small , dark - haire girl . Thomas 's eye open and fix on the ceiling . out he window , perch on the railing of he balcony , be something dark and winge . dissolve to : the honey warmth of dawn heat the bluish , quiet street of the town . across shale hill and abandon 19th century miner 's shack , there echoe the faint , clear note of a trumpet . the bluesy note drift over narrow dead - end street , junked car , and the abandon copper mine out past the end of town . int . mine deep in the tunnele rock , past the rusting conveyor belt , Gabriel sit in a small cave blow mile Davis on he trumpet . there 's just the blanket he sit on and a single candle . Jerry come around the corner . gabriel get any sleep ? ( Jerry only stare ) -- just kid . ext . the schoolhouse - morning as Katherine climb out of she pick - up she see several of she student stand in a circle . crouched in the center , talk to they , be a man . Gabriel . Jerry stand nearby . Gabriel be show a boy he trumpet . demonstrate where to put he finger . gabriel ... there , and there . now pucker you lip ... aim it that way , and just blow a little bit , this be a special trumpet . the boy puff lightly . the trumpet emit a pierce , clear note that shatter a window high up in the abandon part of the building . the youngster whoop and applaud . gabriel very good , timmy . very good . here , have a junior mint on I . open up . as timmy open he mouth we clearly see Gabriel look down into it . look for something ... gabriel who 's next ? Katherine approach the scene warily . the child all beg for they turn . Gabriel select Sandra , one of Mary 's second grade friend , and put she on he knee . gabriel and who be you ? sandra Sandra . she can barely get she finger around the trumpet . gabriel and do you see the man upstairs , Sandra ? sandra a little . gabriel do you talk to he ? sandra no . gabriel and who do , Sandra . who talk to the man ? sandra Mary . gabriel and where be Mary , Sandra ? sandra she be not here . she 's sick . gabriel you have get very pretty tooth , Sandra . here , let I see ... he gently push down she chin with he thumb , open she mouth , and gaze in . Katherine enter the circle . katherine what the hell do you think you be do ? Gabriel look up , unperturb , and smile . gabriel just talk to the kid , ma'am . katherine get off he knee , Sandra . everyone else , go inside . now . the kid reluctantly shuffle off . brian ' bye , Gabriel . gabriel see ya , kid . be sure to study you math . he have the same sunglass as Simon . the same cold , creepy air about he . katherine who be you ? gabriel it 's a long story . Jerry suddenly snort loudly , try to retrieve a sticky red glop that start run out of he nose . gabriel ignore he . jerry everyone else do . katherine I do not know what the hell be go on , but you both better get out of here . right now . gabriel you be right ... he climb to he foot and stand close to she . gabriel ... you have no idea what 's go on . he stand there a beat . that terrible coldness that swirl about he . the shriek of ghost under he breath . then he climb into the rambler with Jerry and pull away . Katherine watch the car drive off , then yell over to the school janitor . katherine Al ! keep a eye on the child for I . I will be right back . and call the sheriff . janitor sheriff ? what the hell do I tell he ? katherine just call . Katherine get into she pickup and start the engine . ext . the town - day Katherine drive through the main drag and out past the fringe of town . as she pass the old copper mine she see , park near the mine 's tunnel entrance , Gabriel 's rambler . ext mary grandmother' trailer - day as Katherine pull up , she 's surprised to see Thomas climb out of he own car . katherine you be not suppose to be here till noon . daggett you be a little early yourself . katherine I want to check on she . daggett that make two of we . CUT to : on the sandy lot that extend back from the trailer be a wizen cottonwood tree . Katherine , Thomas , and Mary be seat beneath its shade . Katherine be protective of the little girl , run a hand maternally through she hair . katherine how be you feel , pumpkin ? mary better . katherine this be Mr. dagget , Mary . he would like to ask you some question . you do not have to answer if you do not want to . mary it 's okay . there 's a dreamy , far-away look in Mary 's eye . it worry Katherine . daggett Mary , when you talk to man up in the building -- mary -- Simon . daggett yes , Simon . what do Simon say ? mary ( smile ) that 's funny . " Simon say " . daggett right . like the game . mary I be good at it . I be very clever . daggett we will have to play together sometime . mary Simon even say so . he also ask if I could keep a secret . daggett and what be that ? mary something he give I . katherine what , pumpkin ? mary then it would not be a secret . daggett you be a good friend not to tell , Mary . but I be a friend of Simon 's too . so if you ever want to tell , you can to I . okay ? mary it 's a secret ... Mary lower she head and shut she eye . mary ... but sometimes it hurt . Thomas and Katherine exchange look . Mary 's pretty eye rise again as she calmly ask , in that cute little eight year old voice : mary have you ever kill a chinaman ? daggett no Mary , I have not . mary they do not bleed . not the way you and I do . or maybe it be just the cold ... Thomas look to Katherine for a explanation , but she 's as confuse as he . mary I have kill they , you know . lot . you could always tell when they be come . there would be the trumpet first . every note flat . then that song ... after that they would charge . right down through the snow . the gun would freeze and it would be just knife ... it be so cold and there be so many of they . but I be smarter than they be . even at chosin , I be smarter ... Mary 's be explain this in a girlish , show - and - tell kind of way . suddenly she face crack as she voice choke with a sob . mary it scare I , miss Henley . I hate it . please , make it stop ! she bury herself into Katherine 's arm , sobbing . mary make it stop ! katherine ( rock she ) it 's okay ... it 's okay ... Mary suddenly push away and run back toward the trailer , into the arm of she grandmother . katherine I be sorry , I do not mean to -- grandmother it 's all right , miss Henley . we know you love Mary ... katherine what be we go to do ? grandmother she 's go to have the enemy ghost Way . we leave this afternoon . the grandmother turn and walk back to the trailer . daggett where will they do the ceremony ? katherine in the home village . the Hand trembler must have find corpse sickness ... daggett they be take she away ? should not she see a doctor ? katherine she 's already see a doctor . ( then , under she breath ) that son of a bitch ... daggett who ? katherine Gabriel the child call he . the little shit be hang around my kid this morning ask about Mary . he and he buddy make a real pair . daggett maybe it 's time I check out Mr. Gabriel . Katherine turn from trailer and look at he . katherine I know where he park he car . int . thomas' car - day Katherine and Thomas drive back down the road lead to town . katherine chiname ? chosin ? I have never hear she talk like that before . daggett chosin reservoir be a Korean war battle the Marines have against the chinese , supposedly the bloodiest hand - to-hand fight of the century . someone be teach that to you class ? katherine sure , right next to Jack 'n Jill . daggett where would she have hear it ? katherine nobody I can think of . ( beat ) maybe one . daggett who ? katherine General hawthorne . daggett do she know he ? katherine he do not like child . daggett you could not and tell a story like that to one . he pull over to the side near the copper mine entrance . no sign of the rambler . katherine it be there earlier . Thomas drive up the dirt path to the mine 's tunnel entrance . they climb out and stand near its mouth . in the dust be the rambler 's track and several footprint lead into the mine . Thomas step up to the edge of the tunnel . it 's a black , yawn thing that swallow the sunlight whole for breakfast . daggett if I be smart I would call the sheriff or somebody in town who know this place . then again , there be one thing worse than get kill . katherine what ? daggett look like a idiot if it 's nothing . he pop he trunk and take out a flashlight . katherine I will come along . daggett no , if someone have to fall a hundred foot down a black pit , he should at least be on official duty . Thomas switch on the light and take a tentative step inside . daggett then again , it be kind of spooky in there . here , you can hold the flashlight . int . the mine the sun very quickly become a memory . and after the first bend it be not even that anymore . there 's only the glow of the flashlight ; glance off the abrupt edge of tunnele rock . here and there be the flotsam of a bankrupt industry ; dent ore cart lie on they side , rusted drill bit , pile of support timber . and all around they the suck blackness of the earth . katherine it 's cold ... they walk further down into the mine . the atmosphere become close and creepy . Thomas have be follow track leave in the dusty floor that abruptly disappear . he stop and sigh . daggett shit . -- a bat suddenly shriek out of the darkness , glance off Thomas 's shoulder and tangling in Katherine 's hair . she scream and spin around , loose she foot and half fall into a yawn ore chute she have not see beside she . Thomas rush over and pull she out . she climb shakily to she foot . daggett you okay ? katherine yeah ... sorry . Thomas take a last pass at the mine shaft with he flashlight . daggett well , I have see enough . as he turn to leave the flashlight burn out . daggett wonderful . he bang it once against he thigh before he notice for the first time a dim , amber light come from a space between the rock . katherine what be that ? daggett I do not know . maybe a bum or something . but he gun 's out at he side . just in case . they follow the light to the gap in the rock , gingerly step into a cavern -- that could easily belong to a bum . it 's Gabriel and Jerry 's dig . just the moldy blanket , single oil lamp , pile of twinkie wrapper , and something else . from outside the cave it 's the same whine , the same blurryness that drip off Gabriel like sweat . but once they step into the room , into the lair , it suddenly jump in volume . this be where Gabriel sleep , and it 's thicker here , like honey on the wall . Thomas have difficulty focus he eye . katherine do you feel it ? daggett ... yes . katherine what be it ? but Thomas can not hear Katherine anymore , she voice have disappear beneath the whine . as it become too much he lean he weight against the rock wall and shut he eye . it 's then they come . flashes of image : of scream and fire . of impossible vista of emptiness and death . and shriek overhead , shriek everywhere ; grotesque , winge creature with no eye . some with face we know ; Gabriel , Simon , and the gargoyle . all this image be be jamme into both they mind by the cave . Thomas force he eye open but the scene play all around he will not go away . tear be run down Katherine 's face as she stand there lock in the same image . Thomas stumble about the room as if drunk , the vision , incomprehendibly black vision of war and destruction on a alien plateau , eat he brain . he sink to he knee and begin to cry . daggett oh no ... oh God no ... Katherine 's curl up on the floor like a child , weep . the image be drive they mad . Thomas , fight the insanity pound at he , crawl pathetically across the floor to the oil lamp . his finger grasp it spasmotically as he rise to he knee and lean back . daggett no ! he heave the lamp against the cave wall , where it explode , the oil erupting into a swirl blaze that consume the corner . the image break a second in the heat and light and suck wind . just long enough for Thomas to grab Katherine 's arm and pull she out of the room . ext . mine - day Katherine and Thomas lie in the dust outside the mine 's tunnel entrance . catch they breath . try to organize and repair the short circuit in they brain . Thomas roll on he side , squint at the sun . Katherine 's voice be faint and raspy . katherine what ... what be that ? Hell ? daggett ... no . the voice . they be scream and fight over ... theology . they do not sweat much about that in hell . but they do in ... heaven . he squeeze a handful of dirt in he hand . daggett the son of a bitch . he carry it around with he like a photo album . a big , greasy cloud wherever he go . they all do . katherine how can that be heaven ? Jesus Christ . how ? I do not even believe in heaven . the tear start roll down she face . she look up and shout at the endless sky above they . katherine you dumb fuck asshole ! how could you have do that ! daggett that extra chapter by St. John be right . it 's a war ... just like the first one . just like when the angel Michael beat lucifer and cast he out . only now they have turn on each other ... turned on each other in a civil war over theology . he laugh hopelessly at the insanity of it all . daggett oh sweet God , theology . ( sigh ) " God 's wild bunch " . ( shout ) God 's moron ! katherine how do you know know so much about that ? daggett I just know . ( shake he head ) yes folk , the good news be that there 's life after death in heaven . the bad news be that it 's as screw up as here . katherine they be like we . daggett they be we . aborted child . and they need we . they need we corrupt , dark soul for they fight . they need ... katherine ... Mary . Katherine climb abruptly to she foot and walk for the car . daggett what be you do ? katherine I do not know what this be . I do not know what I believe . I do not know if my sanity be lie back in that cave flopping around wait for I . but I know one thing . that ... that thing be not take she ! int . thomas' car Katherine and Thomas drive along in silence . finally , katherine in that ... vision ... do you ever see ... God ? daggett no . katherine I either . int . mary grandmother' trailer Katherine and Thomas open the trailer door and enter cautiously . katherine Mary ? Thomas look out the window and notice for the first time , park behind the trailer , Gabriel 's rambler . he immediately pull out he pistol , run for the close door at the end of the hall and kick it in . the door fly open , revealing Gabriel sit on the bed beside Mary . daggett get away from she . his gun 's levele at Gabriel 's head . the angel sit there impassively , then smile . gabriel you know . Son of a bitch , the priest wanna - be actually figure it out . that 's a rare club , son . at least down here . daggett back away from the kid , man . now . gabriel she will not feel anything , honest . I will have to tear she apart of course -- just the way it go -- but it will be all right in the end . a good catholic boy like you , Mr. daggett , you should be on my side . daggett goddamn it -- gabriel you be gonna have to watch that profanity . Jerry suddenly leap out from behind the door and tackle Thomas to the carpet . the gun skitter to one side as Jerry sink he rotting tooth into Thomas 's shoulder . Thomas cry out and slam he fist against Jerry 's head , knock off a ear . Gabriel turn back to Mary 's frighten face and smile as he run a hand through she hair . gabriel it will only be a moment ... Katherine suddenly hammer Gabriel across the side of the head with a chair , knocking he to the floor . as he get up she hit he again . Thomas manage to bring he leg up and kick Jerry hard against the chest , force he off . Gabriel grab both of Katherine 's leg and pull , crashing she flat on she back . Thomas scramble for he gun , grab it , and as Jerry come at he again spin and fire twice . the slug rip into Jerry 's chest and knock he to he knee . as the putrid , curdle juice pump lumpily out of he , Jerry look up at Thomas and smile . jerry thanks man , I appreciate it . you be a sport . Thomas fire a slug into he forehead . Jerry 's brain wink out as he collapse to the floor , dead . Thomas 's gun be abruptly wrenched from he hand onto the bed as Gabriel nail he with a throw lamp , vault the bed between they , and grab he by the collar , slamming Thomas up against the wall . he look down at Jerry 's finally lifeless corpse , incense at Thomas 's handiwork . gabriel you little pest , do you have any idea how hard it be to get one of that ? he throws Thomas down onto a table , splintering it . Katherine climb shakily to she knee . katherine you son of a bitch , why ? why do this ? gabriel because I be a angel , you miserable wretch ! I kill first born while they mother watch ! I turn whole city into salt ! I even , when I feel like it , rip the soul from little girl ! and from now until eternity , the only thing you will be able to count on in you pathetic little existence be never know why ! ( deep breath ) I be waste my time here . ( turn to Mary ) c'mon petunia , let 's get on with it ... Gabriel walk over to the bed . the moment he get close , Mary lift Thomas 's pistol up from the sheet and shoot he twice , the impact knocking he on he ass . Katherine rush to Mary , scoops she up and run for the door . she pause beside Thomas , still lie in the wreckage of the table . daggett go. go! Katherine disappear through the bedroom doorway . Gabriel spin around and stand . Thomas leap from a rag crouch , hitting Gabriel low with a body - block . it 's like but concrete . Gabriel pick up Thomas by the scruff of the neck and heave he through the flimsy room panele . Thomas crash with a mass of splinter into the kitchen . he stumble backward hopelessly as Gabriel peruse he through the trailer . he desperately throw pot , glass , anything at Gabriel . finally trap , he scramble up onto the dinner table , scatter salt and sugar bowl , and dive through the levore window . outside Thomas , in a hail of shattered glass , smack the red earth , pull himself up to he knee and try to stumble and crawl away as Gabriel bang open the trailer door and stomp down the stair toward Katherine , she arm around Mary . katherine ... you ... he ease he gait , measure the distance to she . katherine ... can not ... there 's just that sunglass come . that endless pit of black . katherine ... have her !! Katherine lift Thomas 's pistol and fire . again . again . the slug bang off the corregate metal , smash a window , kick up some dust , and puncture the propane tank beneath the trailer . -- wumpp - bam ! the entire trailer explode in a fiery cloud of twisting metal . Katherine huddle Mary close to the ground as flame chunks whack everywhere . Gabriel be hammered to the earth and disappear in the roll fire cloud . Thomas , further away , be knocked head - over -heel in the ruddy dust . the fire cloud dissipate quickly into the sky , leave behind scorched brush , and little else , crackle softly . Gabriel 's body look blacken and still . Katherine rush to Thomas , who 's pull himself up to he knee , a rag slice above he eye bleed badly . she help he to he foot and over to the pickup , where he sit down against the tire as Katherine pull out she first aid kit . Mary 's there , stand with she shake grandmother . daggett ( be grandmother ) where ... katherine she be come up the street . mary be Gabriel dead ? Mary 's knelt down beside Thomas . mary they be not like you and I . you have get to cut they heart out . the only thing God give they . a sheriff car roar up , the two deputy exite warily . deputy what the hell happen here ? Katherine 's wiping the blood out of Thomas 's eye . gasp from the shearing pain , he toss a id at the foot of the deputy . daggett lapd . deputy ( look at it , hand it to partner ) that 's a start . how about the rest of it ? from somewhere back in town there 's the growl of a volunteer fire engine . daggett that man over there . he 's want . murder . I be take he in . ( grimace ) -- shit ... the pain 's unbareable . Katherine dab he cut with disinfectant . deputy I think you be go to the hospital first . daggett -- no , I have to -- again , the pain . the second deputy have walk over to Gabriel . deputy be he alive ? deputy # 2 he 's alive . deputy cuff he . we will take he to the hospital in we car . daggett -- no , you do not understand . you have to let I have he -- the volunteer fire engine growl up through the weed , drown out Thomas 's word . two firemen kneel down beside he with medical kit . the deputy have walk over to he partner and the two be drag back between they a cuffed , comatose Gabriel . daggett ( hoarse , faint ) you will never hold he . Thomas try to get up , but the pain and a hand from the firemen keep he down . as the deputy pass , he manage to desperately grab the one 's pant cuff . daggett take off he sunglass ... Jesus Christ , just take off he sunglass ... Gabriel 's head lie low between the shoulder . the deputy look with concern at the firemen . fireman ( be Thomas ) he will be all right . just a bad hit . the deputy nod . as they carry on to the car with Gabriel , the angel turn he head slightly and smile a smile only for Thomas . fireman ( to partner ) let 's get a splint . the patrol car pull away . as the firemen walk back to they engine , Thomas look frantically at Katherine . daggett we have to get out of here . katherine but you head ... daggett if you want Mary to stay alive past sundown we have to leave , and we have to do it now . they lock eye . then Katherine without a word help Thomas up into the passenger side of the pickup . Mary gather she grandmother into the pickup 's bed and climb up beside she as Katherine start the engine . the firemen turn in confusion as the truck peel out of the lot and up onto the road . ext . highway - day Katherine 's truck shoot by . just before town , near the copper mine , it slow down at a junction . and there , lie on its side down the embankment , be the sheriff 's patrol car . a single , bent tire turn aimlessly . Katherine hit the gas and take the junction that lead away from town , out onto the endless expanse of the plateau . int . truck the bandage on Thomas 's forehead cover most of one eye . he close the other tightly , riding a spasm of pain , before let he forehead rest against the door glass and gaze out at the empty track of land . daggett where be we go ? katherine Mary 's village . Katherine look over she shoulder to Mary 's grandmother sit in the truck bed . she nod in understanding . dissolve to : Katherine 's pickup pass alone through the wrinkle desert . ext . gas station - day a trading post with a few pump , grow orange in the weaken afternoon light . a scruffy dog bark constantly as the teenage indian stick the nozzle in Katherine 's pickup . still glassy - eye with throbbing pain , Thomas take another handful of aspirin and climb out of the cab . there 's a tiny , weatherbeaten church across the weedy lot from the trading post with a pay phone bolt to it . Thomas crunch across the lot , pick up the receiver , and punch in some number . telephone voice County coroner 's office , Assistant coroner raphael speak . daggett Willie ? voice Tom ? daggett you be not crazy , man . and Thomas hang up . he back away from the phone and for the first time notice the church it 's attach to . int . church Thomas step inside . it 's empty and there 's some doubt whether it 's be use in a generation . the pews be dusty and scrape , some break down completely . Thomas sit in one and look across the space and dust and year to the crucifix hang behind the altar . daggett so what 's the deal , huh ? the pew creak and groan as he shift he weight . daggett I mean , do you have any kind of plan here ? Cause I be just about of idea , friend . Jesus ' press - metal eye gaze only upward . daggett do you even listen ? do you still come to place like this ? Old man , you have be call I most of my goddamn life , but every time I get close , you just keep move that far away . what 's it to be ? you want I to kill you henchmen ? can not you even control you own killer anymore ? Thomas hold he face in he hand a silent moment . when it raise we see the raw hurt in the eye as he shout , daggett what do you want from I ! the only reply be dust dance in the light and the rumble of semis on the highway . stand in the back , watch Thomas with tear welling in she eye , be Katherine . dissolve to : the road 's turn to dirt and the plateau into a maze of rag cliff and brutally hack canyon . the light be shadowy and golden now as Katherine 's pickup turn off the small dirt road onto a even smaller one that wind impossibly up the side of a volcanic butte . Higher and higher the truck climb on the rutte and treacherous path , till at last it crest the ridge and come upon the village perched frighteningly on the lead edge of Old woman butte , this be the home of the bitter Sky clan . the village be a small grouping of ancient adobe wall hogan first build a thousand year ago by the anasazi . there 's no electricity here , no tv antennas or freeze yogurt . just the slow curl of cooking fire drift up through smoke hole and the stern , deeply line face of a old navaho man approach the pickup as Katherine stop . the old man wear jeans , a bright maroon silk shirt , and a black feel reservation hat with a turkey feather . he hold in he right hand a small leather case . old man I be bartholomew grey horse , bear to the Deer spring clan , bear for the slow talk people . today I be the yataalii for Mary tsosie of the bitter Sky clan . the old man , bartholomew grey horse , walk up to Mary and she grandmother sit in the bed . grey horse ya-tah . grandmother ya-tah-hey . several villager approach and greet Mary and she grandmother , some nodd politely to Thomas and Katherine as they climb out of the cab . nearly all of they be elderly . Thomas , one eye still half - shut by a bandage , walk over to the village 's edge where a short stone wall , and little else , separate the adobe home from the long , 2000 foot drop to the desert floor . he lean against it and gaze out on a view that must encompass half the world . in all direction , for ten upon ten of mile , there be only volcanic spire and crumble butte , all reduce from up here to short , ominous plaything . a village truly alone in the world . mary this be a good place . she 's appear beside he . Thomas crouch down to she level and smile . daggett yes ? Mary 's sight be on the view , eyeing it critically . mary Separate water source . stock grain . only one possible approach . a man could , with the proper defense , hold off a entire battalion for week . month . Thomas 's voice sigh sadly as he run a hand softly through she hair . daggett which one of you be that talk , Mary ? or do you even know anymore ? Mary 's eye fill with tear as she grandmother appear and lead she back to the adobe hogan . grey horse , the yataalii , be there now . grey horse we will start the sing soon to remove the yei spirit and stop the ghost sickness . daggett this might not be the work of a navaho ghost . grey horse it 's all the same . dissolve to : night creep over the chuska Mountains across the crusty caliche flat and over the village , push back the die day to a thin , fade blue line etched across the horizon . as the darkness settles on the hogan we see a glimmer of light from within and the rise , guttural chant of the yataalii . int . kiva - night under the village , beneath the surface of the butte , be the large communal kiva room . accessible by a single ladder through a single smoke hole , it be down here that the village perform its enemy ghost Way for Mary . the little girl be there , attend by she grandmother , sit stoically still on a blanket as grey horse , grasp he paint prayer stick , by the glow of a fire chant the enemy ghost Way cure . Katherine 's eye sting in the smokey air as she watch grey horse take from he case small handfulls of color sand that he pour in fine pattern onto the floor . the whole bitter Sky clan surround they . Old , line face . a small , die people here to support its last granddaughter . dissolve to : ext . village - night Katherine stand there in the chilly darkness outside the kiva . Mary 's grandmother , pass with some other woman , pause and squeeze Katherine 's arm . grandmother now we sleep , Katherine . tomorrow , after dark , we begin again . inside the kiva the fire have die to ember , casting its weak glow on a now empty room . outside Katherine wander along the edge of the village , turn up she collar under a blind mass of star . there 's nothing beyond the village . not a light , not a sound . say the wind . it be the icy brush of wind on she body that now whisper . voice hello , Katherine . like the wind , it be low and thin and hoarse . like the wind it seem to come from everywhere . and , like the wind , it be utterly without pity or remorse . Katherine turn . perched on the wall behind she in a low crouch be a figure clad entirely in layer of black . its head and hand be hairless and waxy white . there be eye in this winge head , but blood chill one of putrid yellow . there be endless scar and shape and wrinkle , but mostly , only , there be the eye . Katherine gulp down , with only partial success , the hysteria rise in she throat . katherine oh Lord , I can not do this . I can not do this anymore ... figure we must talk , Katherine . it 's take all she strength to look upon he . katherine you're ... you be ... ( try to form the word ) ... God ? figure God be love , Katherine . the eye narrow . rippling pool of unfathomable evil . figure -- I do not love you . there 's a crouch silhouette beside the figure . dimmer . skinny . a wheeze sycophant . a afterthought . Katherine back away from both of they . katherine I can not . I can not do this tonight . go away . figure I can kill you , Katherine . I can lay you out and fill you mouth with you mother 's fece . or I can talk with you . Katherine stop . face he . figure I be here , before you , in a form to put you at ease . katherine good job . the sycophant shiver and ruffle something feathery under its cloak . figure I rarely do this in person . I be , perhaps , somewhat out of touch . katherine be you one of they ? figure no . katherine you be not a angel ? figure oh , I be a angel . a very special one . the first . the oldest . the naive eagle scout , he once love I above all other , and I he . it be the only true love for either of we , but like all true love , it could not possibly last . the figure crane he neck around to the horizon beyond they . the movement make a liquid , snap sound . figure the winge party boy will come , Katherine . they will come to feed on the gut of you little Mary . katherine what do you care ? figure I have my interest ... he turn back to she . figure the naive eagle scout , he have he interest too . he even have a place for they , as I do for mine . Big , shiny place . you would like it . only it 's be empty for a long time . can not open till after the resurrection . the problem 's with the hire help . always have problem with the hire help . they be arrogant , boastful little prick . not like I . what I do I do for love . but they , the winge party boy , even before the park could open for its first customer , they start fight over the popcorn stand . the figure shift he perch on the wall . figure you see , Katherine , heaven can not start accept guest till this fight be settle . and without people , there be no heaven . all that good and true soul leave moulder in the ground clutching they h-ticket and wait and wait and wait ... some , lie down there with the worm century after century , they start to get doubt about the whole program . that 's when , out of sheer boredom , some of they come to I . because I be always open for business . 24 hour a day , seven day a week . even on Christmas . the figure 's face darken . figure some of the angel cheat . they sneak a few soul in to help with the fight . the really dark one . and now one of they have find a special soul so wonderfully sick that it might just win it for they . and if one side win , even the wrong one , then there 's no fight . and if there 's no fight , there can be a heaven . katherine and if there 's a heaven ? figure I would be very unhappy . ( beat ) I be here to help you and the little bitch not because I love you , not because I care about you , but because I want this war to go on and on and on . the figure straighten up , stretch its spine . figure I bring you the chance to save you Mary , Katherine . and along the way , stop the resurrection . katherine how ? figure listen when I speak . now go to bed , Katherine . tomorrow , I promise you , be a big day . int . hogan Thomas 's sit on the hard - pack floor , lean against the adobe wall , maybe try to sleep . mostly try to ignore the thumping pain in he head . the oil lamp 's flame shudder in the gust of Katherine open the door . daggett be it over ? katherine for now . they start again tomorrow . daggett and at the end of it ? katherine the enemy Way chant remove the invade yei ghost . daggett will it work on a general 's soul ? katherine we will see . ( beat ) how 's the head ? daggett still attach . barely . she sit down on the floor beside he . katherine here , I will change the bandage . she carefully unwrap the blood -soak gauze . katherine do that hurt ? daggett no . katherine then I must be do it wrong . she peel back the compress and dab the wound . katherine I see the devil tonight . daggett how nice . which one ? katherine the main one . Satan . lucifer . the dark angel . you know . daggett what do he have to say ? katherine that he do it all for love . that and I have a choice . Mary 's life or a billion soul wait in the pipeline for heavenland to open . daggett you be not kid , be you ? katherine no sir . daggett Satan ? you be sure ? katherine you have to be there . Thomas suddenly slam he fist against the wall in anger . daggett why be not I ! katherine we can double date next time if it 's that important to you . daggett you do not understand , I have spend my whole life ... ( look upward ) I do not suppose it would occur to anyone in authority to fill I in on what 's go on every once in awhile , huh ? shit ! the ache in he head 's flare up . he lean it back against the wall to ease the pain . daggett do he say anything about the nicene Council ? about the rank of Jesus Christ in the holy trinity ? katherine it do not seem important to he . Katherine finish taping the new bandage . katherine be you a priest ? daggett a near miss . katherine why ? daggett it 's a long story . katherine this may be you last chance to tell it . a wind outside rustle through the hogan . daggett the other night , you be talk about wait for a voice to call you to something . well , let I tell you , the worst thing that can happen to you be to be call to something . since I can remember a voice from somewhere deep in the Church call I . so loud and so often that by thirteen I know I be go to be a priest . you know what that 's like ? my parent , friend , all of they think I be crazy . but see , I have this voice . the voice that keep coax I along , tell I there be a reason . so I enter the seminary and be half way to my starch white collar when my mother , father , and my little brother be wipe out in a car crash . he pause , the old emotion creep back up on he . daggett I have never ask anything of the voice . not when the neighborhood kid make fun of I , not when my father look down at I like some knock - kneed faggot . I never question a damn thing . but on the morning I spend look down at three parallel grave , I ask it one question . why . why be this people take from I ? and the voice , that same voice that would wrench I out of my sleep some night with its jabber , it be suddenly stone silent . it be the only question I ever ask of it and it just leave I hang in the fuck wind ... he blink back the tear welling in he eye . daggett so after that I trade in priest school for homicide school . because if God would not talk to I the devil sure as hell would , and he way be a lot easier to understand . katherine we have never see God , have we ? not in any of this . daggett yeah , he 's certainly a shy son of a bitch , I will give him that . katherine maybe we be not suppose to . maybe that 's faith . daggett do you still have faith in anything , Katherine ? katherine I have faith in Mary . and that I be go to save that little girl from that creep thing out there . from all of they . daggett maybe you be call to something after all . katherine maybe we both be . the oil lamp wane and fade . Katherine lay she head on Thomas 's shoulder , and as darkness swallow they he hold she . they hold each other . dissolve to : John the bus driver lie fully dress on he bed asleep . the night breeze through the window , and maybe something else , tickle he nose . his eye open , blink , turn leave , right , then up , -- and see Gabriel perch on the headboard , stare down at he . gabriel heavy sleeper , John . John 's eye open wide in shock . Gabriel 's skin be blacken and blister in part . Whole shard of he shirt be miss . John try to sit up but Gabriel force he head back down with he palm . with the ease of a spider he slide down and beside John . JOHN do not -- do not hurt I , man . my wallet 's in the dresser . gabriel do not be such a materialist , John . ( see empty bourbon bottle on dresser , sigh ) no end to you bad habit . JOHN what do you want ? gabriel a moment of you time . JOHN you ought to have that nose look at , man . Gabriel lean say nose in very close and whisper , gabriel where be they , John ? Katherine and Mary ? where would they go ? JOHN what ? Mary ? I do not know . gabriel sure you do . think hard . JOHN no , really . I do not know . the school maybe . gabriel now you be not even try , John . you be Katherine 's best friend . she tell you everything . JOHN I be just the driver , y'know ? Gabriel extend a blister , open palm over John 's face . gabriel I can help you remember , John ... from the other side of the room we see Gabriel lean over John as a sickly yellow glow begin to rise and reflect off the wall . beneath it come John 's worst and deep scream ... CUT to : Gabriel splashing the soot off he face and arm in a small , institutional bathroom . he look at himself in the mirror , run a hand through he hair , and walk out the door into a hospital corridor at the end of it be the intensive care unit , that institutional purgatory where a small handful of patient , wire and tube and oxygenate , lay inconclusively between life and death . there 's a nurse 's station there , all health status video screen and a single nurse that look up from she work at Gabriel . nurse can I help you ? gabriel someone 's go to die here soon . I will just be a minute . nurse there 's no visitor allow in icu . gabriel the timing 's important . I can smell this thing , you know . the nurse reach for the telephone . Gabriel take it away from she with one hand and with the other grasp she face open - palm and whisper , gabriel go to sleep . the nurse slide out of she chair and collapse to the floor . Gabriel pull out the metal clipboard hold each patient 's chart and flip through they , toss one after another aside as unsuitable . gabriel recovering ... recovering ... stable ... ( finally settles on one ) deteriorate critical . satisfied , he step over to one of the bed , pull back the curtain and sit down beside a unconscious , middle - age woman . he watch patiently , listen the beep scrawl of the ekg above she . it be weak to begin with but now it 's falter badly , become the unsynch etching of a child . a beep alarm have begin to ring and she breathe be slow to nothing . at the last possible moment Gabriel place he finger across she face , whisper to she , coax she . gabriel whoa , not just yet . come on back . that 's it ... the ekg 's still flat but the woman be breathe . she begin to choke , to cough , then suddenly sit up and open she eye . she look in disbelief around she , finally settling on Gabriel 's grin . gabriel hi. a look of utter desolation and sadness sweep over she as she begin to cry . woman no , no ... gabriel hey , c'mon , do not start ... ( look at chart ) -- rachael . here ... ( hand she kleenex ) it 's only for a short time . ( grin ) promise . dissolve to : the sun crest the lukachukais and warming with honey color reflection the interior of the hogan . Katherine 's head be still on Thomas 's shoulder , the two of they asleep sit against the wall . Katherine open she eye and rise stiffly . she look out the simple window to the glow of morning without expression , turn , and walk out . in the other hogan Mary 's grandmother and some of the other elderly villager be attend Mary as Katherine enter . Mary be sit up in she bed . she smile at Katherine . mary hi , miss Henley . katherine hi , pumpkin . good morning . grey horse be kneel near the bed prepare a bowl drink . into it he crush charcoal , dodge weed , juniper and ghost plant . this he stir , heat over flame , and feed to Mary . she grimace and lean back in the bed as grey horse say a brief prayer . outside Katherine run into Thomas outside the hogan . katherine how 's the head ? daggett shitty . coffee ? she accept a mug , blow a cloud of steam off the top . katherine what be we go to do if he come ? daggett you mean when , right ? katherine when he come . daggett there 's no phone here ? Radio ? ( she just look at he ) stupid question . ( beat ) if we be smart we would leave . get to a town . a sheriff station . katherine Mary 's ceremony be not over yet . the enemy ghost Way . the alien spirit have not be drive out . daggett do you really believe in the ceremony ? katherine would you have believe in any of this three day ago ? daggett ( nod ) so we stay and dump the General 's soul . katherine you have the gun ? daggett with one shot leave . the spare -- ( sniff he shirt ) -- and a change of clothing , be all still at the hotel . ( sigh ) we be go to have to come up with something . katherine we could always ask he . Thomas look up . she 's refer to lucifer , who 's appear perch on the edge of the low , eye-level hogan roof . the sycophant be also nearby , chatter its tooth and stare at Katherine with jealous , rabid eye . lucifer shiver , a claw turn up the collar of he cloak . lucifer I always forget how cold it get in the desert . the swim , bottomless eye fall on Thomas . lucifer Mr. daggett , I presume . how 's the faith ? Thomas can not bring himself to say anything . to form the word . lucifer come come , must you be so wishy - washy about everything ? with the absent - minded eagle scout , I can see that . but you be look at the devil man , say something . daggett fuck you . lucifer much better . can I have some coffee ? Thomas gingerly hand he the cup . the angel lucifer lift it , and with something unimaginably awful darting out of he mouth , drink . he offer the mug back to Thomas for a sip . daggett keep it . he finish it . crane he neck . lucifer I have come to remind you that the winge party boy be just that : spoiled boy . you be armed , however pathetically , with the one thing they never really understand : theology . it 's not much , but that 's life . daggett be this suppose to be we " win one for the ripper " speech ? lucifer do not press you luck , Mr. daggett . and you know instantly , in the bottom of you stomach , that that eye mean it . lucifer go and get ready , Thomas . Thomas hesitates , hold the gaze , then turn and leave . in a instant lucifer sweep down from the hogan roof to Katherine 's side . face and eye and maggot breath uncomfortably close , he smile . lucifer have you ever consider Katherine , that the great absentee landlord , the soft -ey eagle scout you childhood prayer be for , be just use you ? that you be only the exterminator to get rid of he pest ? lucifer place a cloak arm around she shoulder and lead she to the wall edge to look out across the endless plateau . his mouth press against she ear and whisper , lucifer God 's junky be come , Katherine . and when they do , all hell be go to break loose ... CUT to : a tiny speck on the empty horizon . it grow , take shape , and finally become a red convertible rambler as it wooshes past on a desolate throat of forget highway . Gabriel 's at the wheel . beside he , grey - blonde hair stream out behind she , be rachael , recently lift from the file - and - forget section of the hospital icu . she tilt she head up . let the sun warm she pallor . just a sociopathic angel and he somewhat decease babe out for a top -down cruise across a sixty million year old desert . it could happen . int . roadside diner - day a reality bruise waitress , madge , set down a coffee and milkshake before Gabriel . he downs the shake in one belt . gabriel say , ma'am , any idea where I can find Old woman butte ? madge it 's on the reservation . gabriel I do not suppose you could be just a tad more specific . madge . the waitress ' eye move from the guy with sunglass and burn mark on he shirt to the woman sit alone outside in the rambler . madge be not you friend hungry ? gabriel not for a while , I be afraid . funniest thing . madge have a lot of thing she miss in she life , but one of they she decide be not Gabriel . madge take 522 to the sonsela wash cut - off . first dirt road go leave . twenty , twenty - five mile you will see it . Big , black and all alone . Gabriel downs the coffee , stand , and toss a bill on the counter . gabriel I doubt we will meet again . madge suit I . ext . village - day Thomas drag a heavy chain from Katherine 's truck and begin fasten it to a post . lucifer watch perch on a nearby rooftop . daggett you could always lend a hand . lucifer just smile or sneer or whatever he do with that hideous mouth . inside the kiva grey horse begin lay out he prayer instrument as Mary be prepare with paint and oil . outside Katherine lean against the doorway , nervously watch the horizon . dissolve to : the sky thinning into uneasy pastel as the sun fall unceremoniously toward the mountain . a few lantern have be light , and from inside the kiva can be hear the chant of the navaho enemy ghost Way . Katherine 's eye be still on a horizon drop off into shadow . she stiffen . there , at the end of the earth , appear a silent plume of dust . it could be anybody 's car , but it can only be one car . Thomas step up beside she . katherine he 's come . Thomas stick he head into the kiva , speak softly to one of the elderly villager attend the ceremony . daggett be there any way to speed this up ? villager no . a fire have be build on the kiva 's floor . through the choke smoke can be see Mary lie on a mat as grey horse chant to the yei spirit and add fine color earth to the grow sand painting beside she . his voice rise and fall in guttural syntax . he 's coax . coax the alien spirit out of the child . daggett lock the door . he pull he head out and hand Katherine the pistol . daggett stay inside . it 's only one round , so make it count . there 's a pause and for a moment they eye lock . she touch he arm , almost say something , then disappear into the kiva . Thomas close the door behind she . he turn and look out at the distant plume of dust . grow closer . ext . gabriel be rambler - day Radio turn up , sophomoric grin glue on he face , Gabriel roar past and begin the snake climb up the side of the butte . the sun have almost completely slip away now , leave the land a deathly bluish grey . the road flatten out at the top of the butte and Gabriel can see the village glow at the far end . he punch the rambler , wind it up for the last stretch , and pat the blonde on the knee . gabriel you will like this , rachael . maybe not . there 's a sudden glint of metal in the headlight as Thomas at the last moment pull up the heavy chain and hook it over the far post . Gabriel do something pointless with the brake and slam forward into it . the whole rear of the car stand up on impact , pitching Gabriel through the windshield into the dust . Thomas step out from behind the post armed with a iron bar . the rambler hiss and belch a death rattle as he cautiously walk toward the spot of gloom where Gabriel lie . gabriel ( breathless ) Nice move . Thomas 's foot crunch softly closer . gabriel you ought to come work for we . upstair . we sneak the odd civilian in now and then , you know . you would like it . nobody tell you when to go to bed , can eat all the ice cream you want . and you get to kill . all day and all night . just like a angel . Thomas do not answer . Gabriel 's body look ravage as he carefully step closer and closer . gabriel save yourself , friend . why go to the wall with the bitch and she rug rat ? it will all turn out the same anyway . here or in heaven , we be still gonna tear the kid apart . daggett I be not a angel , heaven or hell . I be a man you eyeless puke , which mean I have one thing you never will . a soul . and though I may , somewhere inside , believe in a God , I will never , never , believe in you . gabriel a little speechy today , be not we ? ( sigh ) okay pal , have it you way . Gabriel 's leg suddenly swing around and smack Thomas , sprawling he back into the dirt . the iron bar go fly as Gabriel in a flash be on top of he . Thomas thrashes but Gabriel easily pin he shoulder and sit on he chest . without hurry he uncurl the finger of he right hand . gabriel this be go to really , really hurt . Thomas 's eye be wild with fear . daggett ... you -- you war ... Gabriel 's spread finger lower themselves toward he face . gabriel c'mon , son , out with it . make this one count . daggett you war 's a lie ! gabriel ( pause ) what ? daggett running around act like this be really about whether Christ be just the son of God or if he be god. bullshit ! that 's not what this be about at all , be it ? gabriel you be wrong . daggett then prove it to I , Gabriel . I study three fuck year of theology before I pick up a gun . c'mon , you be chief goddamn angel , I be just a little man . prove to I Christ be just a son and less than God . prove it ! Gabriel hesitates . gabriel I do not have to . daggett because you can not ! because this war be not about some obscure medieval hangup . you be just jealous . gabriel you be wrong ! daggett try I , Gabriel . go on . prove to I the temporal nature of the trinity . show I through logic how the Son of the Word can be separate from the Father . fight I with philosophy , Gabriel ! gabriel no ! daggett because you and you army be wrong ! and you know it . you know it sixteen century ago . gabriel we do not have to listen to he ! he 's just a son ! daggett that 's it . you be jealous . jealous he could love something more than you ... gabriel ( hiss ) shut up ... Gabriel 's become unglue . daggett if you want to know so badly , Gabriel , why do not you just ask him ? why do not you just ask God ? a shudder pass through Gabriel . he straighten up and look down at Thomas as emotion rack he body . gabriel because he do not talk to we anymore ! the two stare at one another . then Gabriel , lose in himself , suddenly turn away from Thomas and walk into the darkness . for the village . Thomas climb quickly to he foot , spin around -- -- and be hit full - force by a rabid , shrieking rachael . her leg lock around he body vise - like as she tooth and nail dig into he skin . he cry out and stumble to the ground . the two grapple furiously in the dust , Rachel 's craze face take bite after bite out of he shoulder and neck . Thomas manage a fistfull of she hair and yank the fang off he shoulder . with he other arm he cuff she hard , breaking the grip and rolling she aside . he stagger to he knee and begin to run . shriek , a mad porcelain banshee out of the dusk , rachael catch up and tackle he . on the way down he head strike a small stone wall and the pain be white thunder . gagging and weep in blank shock , he crawl on he hand and knee as rachael open up he arm from shoulder to elbow with she nail . as the blood tumble like ribbon , rachael jump onto he back , digging she claw into he scalp . it 's about all one human can take . mad with pain and anger and desperation , Thomas manage to climb to a shaky crouch , rachael still shriek on he back . throw all he weight backward , he jam she into the short stone wall . the impact snap she hold and propel she over the wall -- and two thousand foot down the side of the butte . Thomas daggett can only curl up into a ball , gulp shallow , shudder breath . in the village Gabriel walk resolutely up to the first hogan and kick down the plank wood door . no one home . he walk to the second and kick its door down . nothing . in the kiva Mary 's ceremony be near a crescendo . grey horse have don the colorful mask of the yei god monster slayer as the relative now join in the guttural chant of the enemy ghost Way . through the thick , choke smoke of the ceremonial fire we see Katherine , nervously watch the door . in the darkness outside the village Thomas try hopelessly to make he way back . stumble every few step , he 's beyond pain and into drive numbness . it 's hopeless though . we know it . in the village Gabriel kick down another door to another empty hogan . there 's only one leave . as he approach , from within can be hear the muffle sound of chant . thomas take a few more fumble step and fall again . he reach out to something metal for support . it 's Katherine 's pickup . gabriel step up to the kiva door and kick it . the frame buckle but hold . he step back a few foot , put all he weight into a turn , and kick again . the door shatter . inside Wood splinter rocket through the smoke as Gabriel appear in the doorway . grey horse , everyone , freeze . gabriel relax folk , it 's just a soul . from out of the smoke step Katherine . she fire , one round , into Gabriel 's side . the archangel be pitch against the kiva 's wall , where he stay a moment before turn to Katherine . gabriel I be get real tired of you . she stand she ground between he and the child . katherine go to hell . gabriel Heaven , darling . Heaven . at least get the zip code right . katherine it 's all the same , be not it ? gabriel no . in heaven we believe in love . katherine and what do you love , Gabriel ? once again , the shade of doubt hold he up . but it 's quickly push aside for a corrupt grin . he 's give up all pretense . gabriel -- crack you skull . he advance on she . katherine that 's all it be for you anymore , Gabriel , be not it ? just the kill and the burn . you do not work for God anymore . you do not fight for love . gabriel shut up ! and he 's on she . with he leave arm he brutally force she to she knee as he right hand , palm out and finger splay , clamp themselves over she face . Katherine 's mouth open in a silent scream as the pain , immediate and beyond endurance , flow through she body . from somewhere outside , there 's a sound . Katherine gulp choke of agony as she very clothes begin to smolder around she . we hear the sound once more , closer , before -- the entire kiva wall explode inward as Katherine 's pickup crash through it . the mangle grill and hood slam into Gabriel from the side and smash he to the ground like a break puppet . Katherine fall backward to the floor , get up , and run to the truck 's cab . Inside sit a near catatonic Thomas . Katherine take only a second to share a look with he before reach back and pull out the pickup 's tire iron . Gabriel , a shattered , break thing , pull himself up to he knee . the sunglass be go and two eyeless pit stare out at Mary , huddle in the corner . bleed from every pore , one arm bent back the wrong way , he crawl across the floor toward she , he voice the milky slur of a stroke victim . gabriel God love you , Mary ! Katherine bring the tire iron down on he skull with all she might , drive he to the floor . she turn to grey horse , she eye wild . katherine finish it . he , everyone , just stare . stun to stone . katherine finish it ! grey horse timidly pick up he prayer stick and with a voice falter and crack , in the insane glare of the wreck pickup 's headlight , resume the enemy ghost Way chant . Katherine turn back to Gabriel . katherine go home . she hit he again with the tire iron . then lift it high once more above she head . she 's go to crush he , to implode he skull . when a hand stop she . sort of a hand . a claw . lucifer 's . he 's stand behind she , hold the raise bar still . lucifer no . Katherine release the bar and let it clang to the floor . lucifer turn to the villager , gaze fearfully at he as they awkwardly try to finish the chant . lucifer please . go on . lucifer 's gaze fall on a deeply fuck - up Gabriel who groan at the sight of he . gabriel oh man , this just be not my day . lucifer kneel down beside he . Katherine instinctively start to reach for the tire iron but the sycophant hiss a liquid , chatter warning at she . lucifer Long time . gabriel the world 's young , man . lucifer and full of ambition . gabriel this be not you war . lucifer but I remember the last one . Michael 's war . gabriel you lose . lucifer but lot of angel be with I . every one follow they leader out of heaven . gabriel yeah yeah , I be there , remember ? lucifer except one . oh , he be with I all right . he hate the Eagle scout . envied the power he give to his Son . but this angel never come out front during the war . and when it end he think maybe , maybe the Eagle scout do not notice . so he laid low and tow the company line till he could start he own war . it be all just jealousy . gabriel you be dream . lucifer but maybe he do notice . maybe that 's why I be here . gabriel -- stay away from I . lucifer you have always be a part of I , Gabriel . and now it 's time to come home . gabriel fuck you ! lucifer slam Gabriel 's head against the floor and pin it . as the angel thrashes furiously , lucifer force he arm into Gabriel 's chest . Gabriel cry out as lucifer pull he arm half out and force it deeper . again . and again . soon Gabriel 's scream become giggle , then a craze , hysterical laughter . the room go insane . a impossible nightmare of chant navahos , glaring headlight , and Gabriel 's echoing laughter as lucifer pump he chest . laughter that rise to a kind of orgasmic cry then instantly stop as lucifer pull out the angel 's heart , and eat it . at that instant grey horse place he hand on Mary 's forehead , speak a last line , and the chant be complete . sticky , smoky , awful silence . Gabriel be a non-thing . a batter , hollow shell . bartholomew grey horse , he voice crack and finish , turn to Katherine . grey horse the enemy spirit be go . daggett ( weak , faint ) where ? from outside the kiva suddenly come the sound of a wounded , savage growl . Katherine walk to the doorway . just outside a lone coyote be twist in the dirt with furious agony . abruptly its thrashing cease . the animal stand and flash for a instant at Katherine cold yellow eye more than animal . then it 's go into the blackness . forever . she turn and go back to Thomas in the cab . bleed to death be a real possibility for he . she pull a old shirt out of the back and try to makeshift a wrap for he slice arm . daggett more will come ... to look for the soul ... katherine and they will not find it . not in Mary . a few of the village elder appear at the cab . katherine can you help he ? villager we have some bandage . Katherine walk over to where Mary , sweaty and shake , sit huddle in a corner attend by grey horse . katherine be you all right , pumpkin ? Mary 's voice shake as tear roll out she eye . mary I be okay . Katherine gather she up into she arm and hold she . katherine it 's go to be okay ... we be all go to be okay ... the chatter , hiss sycophant grab Gabriel 's body by the hair and shoulder and drag it out the door . lucifer have remain behind , crouch on he haunch , he liquid , yellow eye on Katherine . katherine I can not quite bring myself to say thank you . lucifer I understand . katherine then this be do . lucifer not necessarily . maybe I like you . maybe I want you to come with I . he rise to he foot and step slowly toward she . lucifer you owe I , Katherine . and you be go to ask I to take you home . katherine ( clutching Mary ) no. lucifer you will . you will because any other way be go to be more awful than you can imagine . katherine be you threaten I ? just a grin , twisted stare . katherine then you have pick the wrong person this time . I have just about have it up to here with ghost . so you can put away the horror movie sneer and the k - Mart halloween eye , because we know you now . we know you all . and if you want to force the issue then go ahead because you be just another angel to I . take a look at you buddy Gabriel . then ask yourself , do you really , really want to fuck with we ? the smallest hint of a pause . lucifer perhaps another time . katherine I be hold my breath . lucifer Goodbye , Katherine . for now . and he 's go . through the door and into the night . mary be he come back ? katherine I do not think so , honey ... I do not think so ... dissolve to : the fullness of day over Old woman butte , hot and bright . Chasing the night and its fear away under the punish glare of noon . the village be full of police vehicle now . Green broncos from the navaho tribal Police . Blue and white sheriff department sedan . the navaho cop be talk with Katherine and Mary . Thomas be sit on the trunk of a patrol car get he wound properly bandage as the sheriff we meet earlier lean beside he chew on a wild oat stalk . sheriff ( to deputy bandage Thomas ) be he go to live ? deputy with any luck . sheriff ( to Thomas ) I think I tell you to give I a call if anything snarl . daggett there be not a phone . sheriff hmmm . he chew some more on he stalk . look off at the village . sheriff this fella , Gabriel ... daggett yeah . sheriff Gabriel what ? daggett just Gabriel . sheriff pretty violent guy , Gabriel . even for out here . daggett yeah . sheriff caught up with he at the village ? daggett he catch up with I . sheriff what be you do way up here ? daggett enemy ghost Way for Mary tsosie . sheriff indian stuff . daggett yeah . indian stuff . the sheriff look over at Katherine 's pickup still jamme into the side of the kiva . sheriff do you kill this Gabriel ? daggett maybe . I think so . sheriff do not have any idea where the body be I suppose . daggett no . sheriff well , if he 's alive he will not get far out there . we or the coyote , it will be the same . ( beat ) I ring you office in LA . they do not have a warrant out for a Gabriel . or anybody else in Arizona . daggett I have not get around to it . sheriff sort of a out of pocket thing . daggett yes . the sheriff take he hat off . run he finger along the inside band . sheriff that woman lie at the bottom of the arroyo , the one still in she hospital gown , know anything about that ? daggett no . sheriff really . daggett really . sheriff this Gabriel be sure one busy dude . daggett yes , he be . beat . sheriff you will be go back to Los Angeles now ? daggett yeah . the sheriff push off from the patrol car and toss aside the oak stalk . sheriff do not hurry back . the deputy finish he bandage . deputy do not do much but breathe the next few day . and get to a hospital . you be go to need some serious stitches . daggett thanks . deputy say hi to Hollywood for I . he follow he boss . Katherine and Mary walk up . mary you look bad . daggett thank you . I feel worse . ( to Katherine be navaho cop ) they lean on you much ? katherine not really . I think they might have even understand . one of they 's related to this clan . he will give we a ride back if we want . daggett good . I think I have about run out of hospitality with the sheriff 's department . the moment drift into silence . katherine do you think it 's really over ? daggett till we die . her eye settle on he . katherine when I die , I want you with I . daggett I want that too . she touch he cheek , Mary cradle between they . dissolve to : Thomas sit in the back of the tribal police bronco , look out the window to the shimmer sand ; red and yellow and black . to cloud brewing over faraway forget mountain . to the end of the earth . as the bronco drift away from we toward the empty , rocky horizon , as it slowly blend and be consume by the land , fade slowly to black the end