the passion of joan of arc written by Carl theodor dreyer &amp ; Joseph delteil translated by Oliver stallybrass at the bibliothèque nationale in Paris it be possible to see one of the most famous document in the history of the world - the official record of the trial of Joan of Arc . the bibliothèque nationale 's original record of the trial of Joan of Arc be show on the screen . a invisible hand turn over the manuscript page . ... if you turn over the page , yellow with age , which contain the account of she martyrdom ... page after page be show of this unique document with its line as straight as arrow , its marginal annotation , and the naïve miniature drawing for which the notary have find time and space . ... you will find Joan herself ... not the military genius who inflicted on the enemy defeat after defeat , but a simple and natural young girl ... who die for she country . the last page be turn . then the picture disappear and give way to the first scene of the film , which show 1 the prison , where Joan be sit , praying . the flagstone , the floor in Joan 's cell . we see two straw and a hand , Joan 's hand , which lay the straw on the floor in the form of a cross . 2 scene from the church be show : the chalice be bring out . 3 in the prison we see Joan kneel before she straw cross - this most fragile and exalt of cross . she pray in ecstatic joy , at one moment bend right forward so that she forehead touch the flagstone , the next moment kneel with she hand fold and she eye raise to heaven as if she see being visible only to she . from time to time she mutter a short prayer . 4 the church a young monk make he way through row of kneel priest . he be the usher massieu , who be on he way to summon Joan and conduct she to she first examination . 5 the prison Joan in front of she little cross . suddenly the two straw spin round in a mysterious gust of wind . what be it ? 2 . Joan sit for a moment , overcome with astonishment , then put the straw back in the form of a cross . again a hostile power attack this cross and scatter it over the flagstone . Joan do not know what to believe . can it be one of she voice ? a divine intervention ? once again she replace the cross . then there be a roar of laughter from the door behind she . Joan turn and see three soldier , who have be stand in the half - open door , blow at she straw cross through a long tube . enter the soldier . they be tormentor and bully of the worst kind . they continue to jeer at she . 6 now the jailer appear , a elderly man , follow by a blacksmith . Joan turn in terror and look up at they . when she see the chain in the blacksmith 's hand , she eye fill with tear , and she shrink back a step . the jailer seize she by the foot , and the blacksmith put the ankle- chain on she . 7 while he be thus occupy , massieu enter . he be a engage young man of twenty - five , healthy , vivacious and open ; he radiate youth , health and life . he remain stand by the door until the other have leave the cell . the jailer , who go out last , certify that the prisoner be the maid . the door close behind the jailer . and now that massieu be alone with this woman , whom he have hear describe as a dangerous witch and a object of fear - he be afraid . he pray inaudibly and cross himself . he have bring with he a small stoup and aspergillum , and as he stand by the door he sprinkle Joan eagerly with holy water . Joan , who have drag herself over to the board which serve as she bed , look at he in gay surprise , and with a slight smile say : come a little nearer , I sha not fly away ! massieu , astonished , approach she , ask if she be Joan , the maid , and when she confirm this begin to read the summon : ... that you summon the aforesaid Joan , commonly call the maid , to appear before we ... Joan declare herself ready to follow he . massieu call for the jailer . they lead Joan out .* 8 the chapel Bishop cauchon take the chair for the trial . to either side of he sit the inquisitor , lemaître , and Jean d' estivet , who be to present the case against Joan . 3. this three man be surround by the other forty - one cleric , all man of learn , thoroughly verse in the art of drag confession out of accuse person . a special table be reserve for the notary . cauchon give order for the accuse to be bring in . 9 every face turn towards the entrance . they all see Joan for the first time . it be so quiet in the chapel that you can hear the grate noise of the chain round Joan 's ankle . 10 Joan come forward . through the point , color window the sunlight fall obliquely into the room in long shaft . suddenly Joan find herself in the middle of one of this shaft and stop for a moment . she become aware that every eye be turn towards she ; she see that they be hard , cold and uncomprehend . for a few second it seem as if she be go to collapse , overcome by the cold , remorseless atmosphere . on one side a completely human , simple , young country girl ; on the other the flower of this century 's talent , learn doctor , the fine fruit of the university , every prodigy in christendom ... the instrument of reason - and of death . the personification on one side of innocence , on the other of magnificence . the terrible , relentless way in which they look at this girl in man 's clothes , all this bishop , all this ascetic and member of order with they newly cropped tonsure ! this learn gentleman regard she man 's shoe and short hair as something loathsome and indecent . they believe as one man that it will be all easy matter to get the upper hand over this child . 11 with a harsh movement cauchon order Joan over to the seat for the accuse . 12 she remain stand for a moment , droop under the heavy burden of she chain . then she sit down . her face be pale and mark with grief and suffer . she let she eye wander over this row of man in clerical garb - alone and unaid she must battle with they to save she name and she life . she lean towards massieu and say a few quiet word to he as if to remind he of some promise . massieu say to cauchon : the accuse beg humbly for leave to go to confession ... the bishop , who be engage in thumbing through some document which one of the prelate , loiseleur , have just bring he , discuss the request briefly with the inquisitor , and reply that he be oblige to deny she this favor because of she indecent dress . 4. 13 then he open the session and order Joan to take the oath . with a gesture he indicate that the Bible be to be fetch and place in front of Joan . she kneel , fold she hand over the book and recite the oath : I swear by the Holy Gospel to speak the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth , concern the mission which have be entrust to I by the King of Heaven . 14 there be a hush in the room . at this moment , when everything be quiet , a small door open , give direct access to the castle from the chapel . it be Warwick , the English governor and general , who enter . the respect show to the new arrival by some of the soldier in he vicinity suggest that he be a person of some importance . as the Commander - in - Chief of the English army of occupation he be the real , though unrecognize , drive force behind the trial . he have come for the purpose of speed thing up , but he keep in the background - like a accomplish butler who supervise from a distance and see that everything be proceeding smoothly . for the moment he remain stand just inside the door ; presently he come further forward and be hide by column . at one point we see he in conversation with loiseleur . 15 Joan have sit down again , and the hearing begin . cauchon ask Joan she name . she answer : at home I be call jeannette ... here they call I Joan ! 16 cauchon ask she age . Joan think and count on she finger : nineteen ... I think . 17 cauchon , after smile to he neighbor , ask : can you say we Father ? Joan nod . scene from she childhood come rush into she memory . her eye be moist with tear , and when cauchon ask : who teach it to you ? Joan can hardly produce a word , for she sob be lie like a knot in she throat . she answer so softly that hardly anybody can hear : my mother ... 18 the promoter , Jean d' estivet , whisper to cauchon : 5 . tell she to say the we Father ! if she refuse , it will be evidence of she be possess by the Devil . cauchon nod and tell Joan to say the we Father . she refuse . Jean d' estivet and cauchon exchange glance . cauchon tell she urgently to do he bid , but Joan refuse again , for she be afraid that memory of she mother and she home in domrémy be go to overwhelm she . cauchon put further pressure on she : she be to repeat the we Father immediately and unconditionally . she decline to do so . 19 cauchon rebuke she for this stubbornness and let the examine judge take over the interrogation . the latter make a inclination of the head and ask : you say that you be send by God ? Joan confirm this with a nod and add : to save France ! the judge burst out laugh . Joan 's eye be raise to heaven , as if it be heaven that give she courage and find the right word for she . her expression , which be fill with the glory of a heavenly vision , be almost unearthly as she answer : that be why I be bear ! more contemptuous laughter from the judge . the examine judge confer with the other judge . they expression show that they be set a new trap for Joan . 20 finally he say : so you believe that God hate the English ? Joan do not immediately understand the question , and the examine judge have to repeat it . then Joan give one of she brilliant , inspire answer : I know not whether God love or hate the English ... 21 disappointment on the judge ' face . Joan continue , with a strength which suddenly reveal a new side of she character , and turn towards the English soldier : 6 . but I know for certain that the English will all be drive out of France ... commotion and protest among the soldier : why should Joan be allow to insult England ? but Joan continue inflexibly : ... except for that who be go to die here ! the soldier be furious . they can no longer contain themselves . one of they make a movement towards the accuse . massieu leap to she defense . but cauchon intervene and order silence ; he have to use all he authority to restore order among the judge . the hearing continue . 22 cauchon ask : you have tell how Saint Michael appear to you ... how do you greet he ? Joan explain that she have always greet Saint Michael in the way one should greet a saint . one of the judge tell she to show how she greet Saint Michael . 23 with touch simplicity Joan kneel , go through the motion of take off she cap , and bow reverently before the imagine saint . she get up again , while the judge talk together . 24 cauchon continue : in what form do he reveal himself ? Joan do not immediately grasp the question . half the judge shout to one another . hundred of question fly across the room : do he have wing ? be he head like a ordinary man' ? be he wear a crown ? under this deluge of question Joan make a movement as if to say that she cannot answer they all at once . 25 finally , when quiet be more or less restore , cauchon formulate he question more carefully : what be Saint Michael wear ? but Joan do not answer . 26 a elderly canon be see to rise , go over to the bishop and whisper something in he ear . there be a suggestion of pruriency about this man . the bishop nod and turn to Joan : 7. how can you know whether the person you see be a man or a woman ? Joan be silent . she realize that another trap be be laid for she . 27 cauchon be reluctant to give up the ground he have win . he ask a new question : be he naked ? every ear strain to hear the reply , for now Joan have to answer . and again she produce one of she brilliant , careful answer : do you not believe that God would have clothes for he ? 28 cauchon realize that he stratagem have fail , but nevertheless he pursue the matter further : do he have any hair on he head ? but Joan , who now feel that she be on firm ground , smile and answer with artless inspiration : why should he have have it cut off ? 29 cauchon see that he will get nowhere with Joan by this method . he confer with that sit nearest he and then give way to the examine judge , who begin to question Joan about she dress : why be you wear man 's clothes ? Joan refuse several time to answer and remain sit motionless , stiff as a ramrod . the judge say : be you willing to wear a woman 's dress ? 30 massieu lean towards she and advise she to accept this suggestion , which he think must be very easy for she to do . but Joan look at he with the air of one treasure a great secret , and say no to the judge . when the judge press she to tell he why she refuse , she answer : when I have complete the task which God have entrust to I , then I will wear woman 's clothes again . whisper among the judge - 8. 31 a indication that another trap be be prepare . then one of the judge say : so it be God who have command you to go about in man 's clothes ? Joan answer unhesitatingly : yes ! a smile of triumph spread from face to face among Joan 's judge . 32 the promoter , Jean d' estivet , complacently make some note . then he lean forward over he desk , smile and ask in a insincere tone of voice : and what reward do you hope to obtain from the Lord ? 33 Joan , whose expression be that of a saint , fold she hand on she breast and raise she eye to heaven : the salvation of my soul ! she remain sit in the same position ; she look convey the impression that she can see into the furthest corner of heaven . 34 but Jean d' estivet be incapable of control himself . he get up , go right up to she , spit in she face and hiss : do you not understand that what you be say be blasphemy ? then he go back to he place . but on Joan 's face there linger the expression of one who be far remove from this world . from time to time throughout this episode two of the judge , nicolas de houppeville and Martin ladvenu , have be see to show sign of sympathy for the accuse . 35 after this last outrage on the part of the promoter , de houppeville can control himself no longer . provoked to the limit , he rise and shout : this be unworthy ... the whole room turn to he in amazement . he continue fearlessly : ... it be persecution ! 9 . 36 he leave he place ; ladvenu try to restrain he , but he approach the bishop and say to he : we be treat this woman like a enemy - not like a human be on trial ! 37 then he cast a look full of tenderness at Joan , who at this moment be drying she cheek , still wet from Jean d' estivet 's spittle . houppeville continue : for I she be a saint ! he go over to she , genuflect before she , and turn to go out through the door . 38 Warwick have follow this proceedings with a attentive eye . he whisper a few word to a officer , who follow houppeville the length of the chapel . 39 when he reach the porch the officer take two soldier with he and follow on houppeville 's heel . each of the judge in the room understand the fate in store for houppeville , and be seize with fear . a icy , unquiet silence prevail . 40 Paul jorge [ the name of one of the actor ] prepare to rise and ask the meaning of this incident . 41 cauchon stop he with a movement , and give the order for the session to continue . he ask Joan : have God promise you anything ? Joan give a absent-mind nod . cauchon press she to tell he what it be that God have promise . can you not tell we what it be that God have promise you ? cauchon ask with he most ingratiate smile , but Joan shake she head . cauchon try to persuade she : you must tell we . but Joan decline to answer : that have nothing to do with you trial !** 42 cauchon maintain the contrary , and Joan tell he to ask the assembly . cauchon turn to the judge and ask : 10 . have this question any bear on the trial ? he order that who consider that it have to raise they hand . nearly every hand go up . then it be the turn of that who take the opposite view . ladvenu be the only one to raise he hand , but when he see that he be entirely alone he take it down again . 43 and cauchon be able to say to Joan that , since the relevance of the question to the trial have be unanimously agree , she be oblige to answer . he repeat he question : what have God promise you ? Joan do not answer . 44 cauchon continue : have God promise you that you will be release from you prison ? Joan confirm this with a nod . dalleu speak in a low voice to cauchon , who ask : when ? after sit for a while , lose in think , Joan answer : I do not know the day or the hour ! a further exchange of word between cauchon and d' estivet then cauchon make a sign for massieu to take the accuse back to prison . Joan rise to go . 45 she take a few step , turn and ask : May I not be relieved from carry this chain ? cauchon can see no reason for comply with she request . but he see the opportunity of impose a condition which he know will be unacceptable to Joan : will you take a oath never to bear arm against England again ? 46 Joan answer unhesitatingly : no ! then she be lead away . her chain clank as they drag over the flagstone . the judge leave they place . 11 . 47 they break up into group , accord to they friendship or the order to which they belong . we see one group consist of dominican , another of canon , a third of mendicant friar . the entire assembly talk and whisper . monk ' cloak , homespun tunic and cowl , cap and hat . here a fat old abbot , here a short , slim monk . respectful inclination of the head , sanctimonious smile , violent outburst of laughter . the witty one recognizable by they thin lip and leg . in the background beardless student , solemn as pope , in earnest discussion . but round the judge ' table a discussion be go on between cauchon , lemaître , Jean d' estivet , the learn Thomas de courcelle , loiseleur , beaupère , Pierre maurice and Warwick . Warwick stay in the background , as if wishing to underline that he have no part in the conspiracy against Joan ; but it be clearly understand that he have the last word in the matter . they be consider what procedure to adopt . the point be to lose as little time as possible in get Joan to compromise herself . loiseleur propound a scheme which receive general approval . Warwick be ask a question , which he answer in the affirmative . a order be give to a secretary , who at once leave the chapel . 48 the prison massieu have bring Joan back . the door close behind she . overcome by fatigue , she sit on she bed . in front of the judge she have restrain she weep . now that she be alone , the pent - up tear pour from she eye . 49 the chapel the conference be still go on . loiseleur be dictating to the notary . at interval one of the other judge interpose a word or a suggestion . 50 the prison Joan be still shaking with sob . suddenly she see a cross slowly form on the floor close to she foot . it be the shadow of the window grate . she know this cross and love it . it always come when she be feel lonely and unhappy . she have no doubt that it be God who send she solace and encouragement in this way . she dry she eye and produce from a hide - place a piece of handiwork , with which she occupy she hand and she thought when she be not before the judge . it be a crown of plait straw - very simple , pretty and childlike . soon she be completely absorb in this work , to which she devote all she love . we see the Joan from domrémy who ' be second to no woman in rouen , when it come to spin or sewing . ' from time to time she look at the cross on the ground . 12 . 51 the conference in the chapel . loiseleur finish he dictating . the notary read back to he . 52 the prison we see only Joan 's hand which be occupy in plait she crown . the shot be take in such a way that the crown and the cross on the ground can be see together . 53 the conference in the chapel . the notary finish he read aloud and what he have read be approve . meanwhile the secretary have return . he hand a document to Warwick , who pass it round . it go from hand to hand , and finally to the notary . 54 in the little ante-room lead to Joan 's prison . the soldier be play with a small English dog . a old serve woman come with food for Joan in a earthenware bowl . one of the soldier seize the bowl ; he select the best piece of meat and give it to the dog . the latter swallow the meat and lick the soldier 's finger . with the same finger he pick out another piece of meat and give this also to the dog . 55 a short scene from the conference , feature two document . a hand - that of the notary - be engage in copying the signature from one document to the other . 56 the prison the soldier come in with Joan 's food , follow by the dog . two other soldier appear in the door , for this rascal never lose a opportunity of torment they victim . as the soldier hand Joan the food , he eye fall on she ring . he demand it from she , but she implore he to let she keep it : it be she mother 's ring . but the soldier be determine to have it , even if he have to use force . he call to the other two soldier to come and help he , and put the bowl of food on the ground in such a position that the dog naturally take advantage of it . 57 just as the first soldier have finally succeed in force the ring from Joan 's finger loiseleur appear in the open door . he appear to be fill with genuine indignation at the sight of the ill treatment to which the three rascal be subjecting Joan . the soldier have turn round . they be afraid . loiseleur threaten they and quickly go up to the soldier who have wrest Joan 's ring from she . the soldier be compel to hand over the ring to loiseleur , who thereupon order the three ruffian out of the cell . 13 . 58 loiseleur shut the door . he be alone with Joan . he look all round he and go over to Joan who regards he with deep amazement which embrace gratitude as well ; for after all it be he who have just save she from the soldier ' cruelty . he remain stand a few pace from she , look at she in a serious and friendly way and say : I have great sympathy for you ! a feeble smile appear at the corner of Joan 's mouth , but she expression of astonishment remain . 59 loiseleur have stop by the cross ; when he take a pace forward the cross disappear ; but Joan fail to notice this , absorb as she be in wonder why this prelate have come to visit she . loiseleur , who have now come right up to Joan , hand she the ring , which she receive gratefully . then she again fix she look of enquiry on the prelate , whom she have previously see among she judge . 60 finally he say to she in a low whisper : would you recognize you King 's signature ? Joan nod , though without understanding the purpose of he visit . from he cowl he produce a letter which he hand to Joan . she take it . she show with a smile that she recognize Charles VII 's signature . then she return the letter and say : I can not read ! 61 loiseleur read the letter aloud for she , as follow : to we dearly beloved Joan . Charles , the King , hereby inform you that he be prepare to advance on rouen with a mighty army . he be send you a faithful priest , who will stand by you . have confidence in he . the reflection of a inner joy shine in she eye . her face light up during the read and she smile . loiseleur do not move from the spot . he stand watch she , motionless and pale . he gaze at she with the eye of a snake , while Joan sit with a absent smile , completely absorb in she own joyful thought . 14 . 62 loiseleur suddenly raise he head and prick up he ear . immediately behind the cell wall there be a secret room , where a man can remain hide , spying on the prisoner through a juda , or chink in the wall . alternate with the scene between Joan and loiseleur be close -up of cauchon spying and eavesdropp behind the chink . 63 loiseleur move away from Joan and go towards the hide - place ; he be perfectly aware of its existence . when he reach the chink , he and cauchon look at each other . first cauchon 's serious eye be show through the chink , then - likewise through the chink - loiseleur 's small , cun , contract eye . loiseleur catch sight of the crown and say : you martyr 's crown . then he turn to Joan , who be still sit with the King 's letter in she hand . he offer to hear she confession . 64 she turn to he with a look of joy , hardly dare to believe in this happiness . she drop a pretty curtsy , then kneel with fold hand in a charming attitude suggestive of a penitent child . he advise she strongly to speak to he with a open heart . here she be not before she judge , but before she king . God can hear she ! 65 Joan confess she sin like a schoolchild recite a lesson . cauchon and he attendant follow the scene attentively from the secret room . with a ledger on he lap the notary take down everything that Joan say , but it be clear that she be say nothing of any significance , for all the skill with which loiseleur present he question . so it be not long before loiseleur give she a sugary smile and rattles off the absolution . he make the sign of the cross over she and stand up . 66 cauchon and he confidant have leave they hide - place and now come into the cell . the soldier bring in chair and a table for the scribe . the judge group themselves in a circle round Joan , some sit , other stand . loiseleur place himself behind cauchon . in addition to the judge , massieu also be present . 67 cauchon gesture to lemaître who say to Joan : you profess to be a daughter of God ? ... Joan agree with a nod , and lemaître continue : then why will you not say we Father ? 15 . Joan sit motionless for a moment . the judge look at she with watchful eye . a perceptible change come over Joan . her expression be transfigure . a heavenly light spread over she face , she fold she hand and begin to pray . the sight of this small and helpless woman , turn to God in captivate innocence , make a involuntary impression on some of the judge . the gentle massieu in particular can hardly restrain he tear . Joan have say the we Father . Jean d' estivet be thus oblige to eliminate this important point from he charge-sheet . 68 lemaître continue with the hearing : have God tell you that you will be release from you prison ? Joan smile and give loiseleur a secret , confidential glance . his eye gleam back at she in complicity . she answer : yes ... and by mean of a great victory ! 69 the judge be astonished and cross-examine she . they ask she to explain precisely what she know , and how she have come to know it . but Joan answer : I know that God will soon come to my help in a miraculous way ! 70 Jean d' estivet hasten to write down this important answer . with great secrecy he grip loiseleur 's hand in gratitude . cauchon , lemaître and some of the other judge plot together . 71 lemaître lean forward and begin to question she : have God promise you that you will go to paradise ? Joan know instinctively that they have laid a trap for she . in she uncertainty she look for help from loiseleur , who indicate to she with a slight smile that she be to say yes . lemaître be satisfied with she answer but take good care to conceal he satisfaction . in a tone almost of boredom he say : so you be certain of be save ? 16 . 72 again Joan resort to loiseleur . he give the same sign as before , and Joan say yes . massieu 's eye be as if rivete to Joan 's lip , and now when she answer yes he forget where he be , forget that cauchon be just beside he , and almost without think say to Joan : do you realize that this be a extremely important answer ? cauchon pounce on massieu and burst out : you have better hold you tongue ! massieu want to explain , but cauchon cut he short and order the hearing to continue . 73 lemaître present he next question , which be only one link in a chain of question carefully prepare and ingeniously related : since you be so certain of you salvation ... why do you need to go to confession ? Joan be already floundering in the net . she have the feel that she answer may decide she destiny . she be like a hunt animal that look for the smallest gap in the chain of beater in the hope of escape its pursuer . the judge never take they eye from she . ladvenu and massieu be the only one whose face show sign of sympathy and compassion . loiseleur , see that he plan be work out to perfection , give cauchon a slight nudge with he knee . there be a pause . 74 lemaître realize that the moment be ripe for present the final question which will settle the issue : be you in a state of grace ? for a few second it be so still that you could hear a pin drop . Joan try to catch loiseleur 's eye , but he adroitly avoid meeting she look of entreaty . Joan be obviously at a loss how to answer . 75 but then the honest and fair- minded massieu move convulsively forward and shout : do not answer , Joan - this question be too dangerous ... cauchon , enraged , rise in all he majesty and bellow with the full power of he lung : 17 . be quiet , will you , in the Devil 's name ! massieu defend himself . he explain that nobody have the right to ask such a question of a accuse person , least of all when the accuse be a young girl stand on she own with nobody to advise she . but cauchon will tolerate no insubordination . massieu be force to kneel there and then and ask for pardon , and must consider himself fortunate not to share de houppeville 's fate . 76 when peace be restore cauchon give order for the hearing to continue . lemaître , still seethe , ask : answer now ! be you in a state of grace ? Joan open she mouth to answer , but appear to have second thought and remain silent . she look in the direction of loiseleur , who be apparently absorb in he own reflection . he be abandon she to she fate . in he view she be a certain prey ; whether she answer yes or no , she be doom to perdition . but now that Joan have collect she thought again , she give this admirable answer : if I be not , may God put I there ! and if I be , may God so keep I ! 77 Joan have break the chain of beater . she realize this and smile . but she judge , who have sit there greedily wait for the prey to fall into the net so that they can hurl themselves on it - this judge now sit not know what to say or where to look . they gaze at each other in speechless amazement . some of they unconsciously make the sign of the cross . loiseleur be beyond doubt the most disconcert . all of they feel that they have suffer a defeat . this battle be lose ; now they must try to win the next one . a short conference take place . the judge rise to go . 78 Joan throw herself at cauchon 's foot , embrace he knee and beg he : I implore you to let I come to mass ! cauchon thrust she away so brutally that she hit the bed . she remain lie on the floor . 79 loiseleur have hastily steal over to cauchon and be whisper something in he ear . cauchon 's face light up . he whisper to the other , let they in on loiseleur 's plan . then he approach Joan and say to she in he mildest voice : 18 . Joan , if you be allow to go to mass now ... Joan look up at cauchon . her eye be already gleam with hope and expectation . cauchon continue : ... would you consent to give up you man 's clothes ? when Joan hear this condition , she hope be extinguish as rapidly as it be kindle . her expression reflect the deep disappointment . her judge repeat cauchon 's question , but she decline they offer . one of they help she up . she sit on the bed , and all that take part in the session crowd round she , say that she must adopt the dress which be appropriate to she sex , if she want to obtain so great a bless , and if she want to live up to she pious feeling . 80 finally cauchon say : then you would rather keep you man 's clothes than come to mass ? Joan explain through she tear that she be not allow to do otherwise : I can not do anything else ... it be not in my power ! but cauchon , unable to control he anger , persist : ... this shameless costume ... Joan try in vain to make they understand that this form of dress do not pollute she soul with sin , and that wear it be not in conflict with the Church 's law . ignoring joan' remark , cauchon rage : ... abominable in the eye of God ... Joan writhes under this denunciation , she implore he to show mercy , but he scourge she pitilessly : ... you be no daughter of God ... Joan weep and sob . 81 cauchon show no sympathy . he lower he voice , bend right over she and hiss : ... but a child of the Devil ! Joan cry out and collapse . 19 . the judge watch she for a moment . ladvenu full of sympathy . then cauchon turn to massieu and say : go and prepare the instrument of torture ! massieu can hardly believe he ear . be they really go to torture Joan ? but a look from cauchon prevent he from say anything . he go out through the door , give Joan a look of compassion as he do so . 82 the soldier , who have witness the examination , escort he out , and in the ante-room they reproach and abuse he : why do you make sign to she and give she good advice ? they threaten to throw he into the seine if this happen again . 83 the prison the judge leave Joan , loiseleur be the last to go . before he leave the cell he approach Joan and pat she hair sympathetically : do not grieve ... place you trust in God , he will not forget you ! Joan turn she tear- stain face to he ; full of gratitude for he kind word , she kiss he hand . then loiseleur go out . Joan be leave in solitude for a mere moment , before the soldier enter in order to bait she in they usual manner . Joan take no notice of they . one of they tickle she in the ear with a straw . Joan get up laboriously and sit down on the bed . one of the soldier suddenly catch sight of the straw crown . he laugh , pick it up , turn it round in he hand , and finally place it on Joan 's head . outrage by this form of sacrilege , she remove it and put it on the bed ; but the soldier replace the crown on she head , at the same time give she several slap in the face . he step back and peep through the hollow of he hand , as if to see she better . 84 the other soldier roar with laughter and say in mock tone : she look just like a daughter of God , eh ? he take a arrow from he quiver , and place it in Joan 's hand . she let he do this without resistance . 20 . another soldier take a pitcher of water , and sprinkle Joan with he finger . all three bow low before she as if she be a saint , and finally kneel and say : Saint Joan , pray for we ! then , still bow , they step back and go out . Joan sit for a moment by herself . without change she position she pray silently to God . she be praying to the almighty for strength and courage to endure she trial by torture . 85 enter massieu . he be to fetch Joan and bring she to the torture - chamber . he be amaze at find she deck out in this way , but he give she such comfort as he can , and lead she out . 86 the torture-chamber the judge have already arrive and be take they place . they consist of Pierre cauchon , lemaître , and nine doctor and prelate . the two executioner , maugier leparmentier and he assistant , be put the instrument in order and make other necessary preparation . 87 enter massieu with Joan . she be tell to come nearer . cauchon tell one of the young judge to bring a stool for Joan . 88 the judge who help Joan to she seat say : look ! at all this kind , sympathetic man ... he point at cauchon , who sit surround by he collaborator . not one face express any feel of friendliness towards the accuse . the judge continue : do you not consider that this learn doctor be likely to be endow with more wisdom than you ... 89 Joan nod half absent-mindedly . the judge be pleased with he happy idea and be about to continue he course of instruction when Joan interrupt he : ... but the wisdom of God be even great ! the judge , who have speak to Joan as one speak to a child which stubbornly refuse to listen to reason , shrug he shoulder and give up . there be nothing to be do about this woman 's arrogance . 21 . 90 cauchon have raise he hand to he face , outrage by such obstinacy . now he lean forward in he chair and say with great emphasis : suppose we be to tell you now that you vision do not - as you believe - come from God ... Joan look up quickly , as if unable to believe she ear . she search the face of she judge , one after the other . cauchon continue : ... but be send to you by the Devil , who want to bring you soul to perdition ! Joan sit for a moment , deep in think . then a smile spread across she face . almost unconsciously she shake she head - and smile again . assuredly the Devil have no power over she and be not go to obtain it either . 91 one of the judge ask : if the Devil appear in the form of a angel , how could you be certain whether it be a good or a bad angel ? for a moment the smile fade from Joan 's lip . she do not answer . cauchon look at she for a long time and then say : it be Satan to whom you have knelt , not Saint Michael ! Joan find this idea so comical that she have to laugh . she can not help herself ; it be not a provocative laugh , only the spontaneous laughter of a healthy person . but cauchon strike the table in anger . Joan stop laugh . cauchon gaze fixedly at she for some time without say a word . there be complete silence in the room . 92 cauchon get up , approach Joan in a dignify manner , lean towards she and say : how can you believe that it be God who guide you step when you see the abyss open before you foot ? Joan be serious again . cauchon continue , pronounce the word with steadily increase emphasis : do you not understand that it be the Devil who have turn you head ... 22 . he pause briefly , then continue : ... who have deceive you ... then after another short pause : ... and betrayed you ? while cauchon have be speak a change have come over Joan . it be clear that she be torment by doubt . God have promise she that she will be set free . why have God not keep he promise to she ? why do he let she stand alone against all this churchman , this learn doctor ? she even ask herself whether she have the right to talk as she do in front of all this gift and erudite man . be it true that she be full of pride ? be it the Devil who have possess she and insinuated in she mind everything that she believe to have come from God ? 93 cauchon , judge of character that he be , have no difficulty in see what be go on in this young woman 's heart . while Joan be wrestle with she doubt he order a small table to be set in front of she . he put a document on the table and then place a pen in she hand . half absentmindedly she let he do all this , but when cauchon try to persuade she to sign she tell he that she be unable to read . cauchon tell the notary to read the declaration aloud : ... I declare that I be guilty of the crime with which I be charge , and which the Devil have misl I into commit . I confess that my vision be the work of the Devil , and I be ready to return to the path of truth and , before all the world , to recant ... 94 when the notary have finish read aloud , cauchon tell Joan warningly that she must sign the declaration , and add : the Church be open she arm to you ... Joan 's expression make it clear that she have almost overcome she doubt . her faith in God and belief in she mission be on the point of gain the upper hand . cauchon threaten she : ... but if you do not sign , the Church will turn she back on you and you will stand alone ... 23 . Joan 's crisis be over . once again she see clearly the path she must follow . quietly she put away the pen . cauchon see this and thunder : ... alone ... but a heavenly light shine from Joan 's face . she smile . with she eye raise to heaven she say : ... alone - with God ! 95 cauchon , realize that he prey be about to escape he , increase he exertion and display all he power of persuasion . do she know that the Church have the mean to compel she ? be she familiar with the secret of the torture ? cauchon 's threat make no impression on Joan . she feel safe with she God . her face be transfigure by a beautiful light as she say : I would rather die than deny God 's act . enrage by Joan 's pig-headedness , cauchon lose patience . he order Joan to be put to torture . while the executioner be take care of she the judge gather together in a group . one instrument of torture after another be display for Joan 's benefit . with a executioner at she side she be conduct past the various appliance . she look at each one for a long time , tremble with fear . occasionally the executioner demonstrate with a gesture how one of the instrument be operate . they be try to frighten Joan out of she sense . when the executioner have complete they preparation and the torture can begin , cauchon go up to Joan and invite she once again to sign the declaration . she refuse and say : even though you torture my soul out of my body I shall confess nothing ... cauchon give order for the torture to begin . Joan let out a scream of pain . she be see to raise one hand . they all think she be indicate she readiness to sign . a judge hold the document out to she , but Joan thrust it away so violently that it fall on the ground . somebody pick it up . and Joan say vehemently : ... and if I should confess anything , I will afterwards declare that it be only by use force that you make I confess . 24 . 96 Joan collapse . the executioner bend over she . she have faint . 97 the executioner and massieu carry she out while the judge confer on what procedure to adopt next . 98 the prison massieu have go on ahead to notify Joan 's keeper , who send a man out with a message for Warwick . massieu prepare joan' bed and take the little crown in he hand ; he look at it for a moment , then fling it into a corner . enter the executioner and he assistant , carry Joan between they . they lay she on the bed and go out . before massieu leave the cell , he give one of the soldier instruction to keep a eye on Joan . 99 the torture-chamber the judge confer . cauchon think the torture should continue , and ask the judge to vote on this proposal , but only one of they be in favor of continue . this be loiseleur , who say : it be medicine for she soul ! ladvenu give loiseleur a look of hostility . 100 the prison Joan be lie on she wretch bed . the chain , the brutal soldier , terror , fatigue , and finally the torture have exhaust she strength . she be unrecognizable . her face be as white as a sheet . deep shadow under she eye . when the scene open , she be lie in a feverish doze . she breathes rapidly and with difficulty . a soldier with a hard , repellent face be watch at she side . Joan open she eye and say : I be thirsty ! the soldier look at she with a unfeel , hostile expression . then he take the bowl of water and pour the water over the floor . 101 the torture-chamber the judge have not yet conclude they conference . they still seem unable to agree on whether the torture shall continue or not . however , master erard win a majority of the vote when he declare : this heart be much too harden ... 25 . there be no hope of we get a recantation this time - we will have to wait ! cauchon disagree . a confession would be valuable , even if it be subsequently withdraw . but erard continue : ... and she might die at we hand ! cauchon yield to this argument . even loiseleur defer to erard and admit that it would be very damaging to all they interest if Joan die at the hand of the executioner . she would then be certain to enjoy a martyr 's glory . have decide to give up the torture they leave the torture - chamber . 102 the prison enter Warwick . he go over to the bed and bend over Joan - not with any feel of sympathy . Joan open she eye for a moment and meet he cold , hostile gaze . then she relapse into she state of lethargy . Warwick go from the bed towards the door , which he have leave stand open behind he . two doctor whom he have send for come into the cell . he follow they over to the bed , where he speak the famous word which for sheer brutality be without parallel in history : I would not have she die a natural death on any account ... she have cost I too much for that ... the doctor begin to examine Joan . they feel she thigh and right side . meanwhile Warwick have go from the sick - bed over to the door . 103 enter loiseleur with the news that cauchon be wait in the adjoin room . Warwick be about to go when one of the doctor approach he and say : she have a fever , we shall have to bleed she ... Warwick show sign of unease , and ask whether this be really necessary . the doctor insist that it be . Warwick consent , add : but take good care that she do not do away with herself ... she be very crafty . 26 . 104 the doctor turn back to the bed to prepare for the blood - let . Warwick accompany loiseleur into the adjoin room , where cauchon and some of the other judge be wait . cauchon enquire after Joan . Warwick answer in a manner which can not be misunderstand : she be very weak ... the two man exchange glance . cauchon and the judge have come to extort a confession from Joan . ' whether because they be afraid of she escape in this way and die without have make a recantation , or because she weaken physical condition raise hope of she soul be easier to purchase . ' cauchon explain to Warwick how he want to proceed . loiseleur join in the discussion and propose a drastic remedy . cauchon approve loiseleur 's idea and tell massieu and another young monk to fetch the holy vessel . 105 while this be go on , scene be show from the sick - bed and Joan 's blood -letting . one of the doctor go out in order to report that the blood-lette be finish . the patient be better and can undergo examination without danger . cauchon , loiseleur and some of the other cleric come into the cell . Warwick remain with the doctor in the adjoin room . 106 Joan be lie with close eye . cauchon go over to the bed and bend over Joan with a benevolent , paternal expression . he touch she on the temple . Joan open she feverish eye . he ask she in a friendly manner how she be . she make a movement with she head and at the same time give a feeble smile . her eye shift from cauchon to the other ; what be go to happen now ? she be evidently take by surprise . 107 cauchon guess she thought , calm she and say : we have come to give you comfort and strength ... a tiny glimmer of gratitude pass over Joan 's face . cauchon and the other install themselves , sit and stand round she bed . cauchon , with the same benevolent air and kindly smile , ask whether Joan have anything to say to he , whether perhaps she have any wish . Joan hold he for a long time in she gaze , which the fever have make still more penetrate . then she make a feeble movement with she head . cauchon arrange the pillow under she and come close to she in order to hear better . Joan , whose labor breathe make it difficult for she to speak , say in a weak voice : 27 . I be afraid that I be go to die ... 108 cauchon speak some word of consolation to she in he capacity of priest . Joan continue : ... if I should die , I implore you to have I bury in consecrate ground ! Joan try to read the answer from cauchon 's face ; she see only utter benevolence and charitableness . in addition , all the judge now seem full of affection and sympathy . they tiptoe round she bed , first one and then another come close up to she . they tuck the blanket round she and touch the place where she have be ble . some of they kneel and pray for Joan . she regret not have be more amiable towards this man who be revealing they true feeling , now that they see she in such misery . she feel every confidence in they and in cauchon . he have cause she great suffer ; now , however , he appear no longer as a judge , but as one who have come to show she goodness and compassion . and when cauchon stroke she hair and say : the Church be merciful ... Joan smile trustfully . 109 cauchon continue : she do not close she heart against that who return to she ... Joan , in she weaken state , do not know how to express she gratitude . she squeeze cauchon 's large hand in she tiny one , which be absolutely white . but cauchon say in a gentle voice : what would you say if we give you the sacrament ? Joan can not believe she ear . she ask one question after another , which cauchon answer only with nod and he paternal , benevolent smile . Joan have to find a outlet for she joy , and with she two small hand she take cauchon 's great fist and place it against she cheek . 110 cauchon signal to loiseleur , who open the door . enter massieu with the eucharist . cauchon help Joan sit up in bed . beside herself with joy and anticipation , she follow the preparation and keep look at cauchon with gratitude . then she say joyfully : I be a good Christian ... 28 . 111 the judge in the cell send up a prayer of thanks to God for restore this lose sheep to the fold . Joan smile happily . then the notary place a document in front of Joan and offer she a pen . Joan look in amazement at the document , which she recognize : it be the same declaration which be place in front of she for she to sign during the torture scene . her look of astonishment shift from the notary to the document and from the latter to cauchon . 112 she explain once more that all the accusation in the document be what God have command she to do . she cannot recant like this without deny she God . cauchon bend over she and say : the sacrament ... be it not a great bless ? Joan nod , and she expression seem to want to say : of course , everybody know that the Church have no great treasure . cauchon continue : ... but you will never share in the Church 's blessing , if you do not expiate you sin . 113 he indicate to Joan that she must sign . one of the judge approach with a wafer . a expression of misery and pain lie on Joan 's face as she sit there , sick , feverish and rack with doubt . on one side she see the wafer , which be more precious to she than life itself , on the other side the document , which will make she confess that she be a agent of the Devil . 114 as if talk to herself and she conscience , she say : I be a good Christian ... as she sit there , alone with all this man , she be the picture of utter despair and loneliness . they all gaze at she with fix stare . nobody speak to she . finally cauchon break the silence . in a quiet voice he advise Joan to sign and save she soul ; but Joan have now master she temptation . she hand back the paper . her body be break . but the strength of she spirit be unalter . for a moment they be all strike dumb . 115 cauchon gesture , order the sacrament to be carry out . the tear run down Joan 's cheek , when she see the priest go out with the sacred vessel . 29 . I love God ... I love him with all my heart ! she say . 116 loiseleur , who have accompany the procession into the adjoin room , tell Warwick the outcome . 117 in the cell the atmosphere have change abruptly . cordiality be replace by coldness , gentleness by severity . the judge be overcome by a feel which can almost be call irritation - irritation with Joan and what they call she pig - headedness . 118 Jean d' estivet reproach she harshly for allow she vanity to take precedence over the salvation of she soul . he conclude with this word : if you die in this hour , you die as a infidel ... Joan , goad by the mental torture to which she have be subject , answer in word conjure up by she sancta simplicitas ; but Jean d' estivet , revelling in the pain he speech have give Joan , obliterate she with the wound word , which sting like the lash of a whip : you soul be doom to perdition ... to which one of the other add : ... to everlast torture in the flame of Hell ! 119 groaning under the burden of the injustice and malice they be heaping on she , Joan turn for comfort to cauchon , whose hand she have just press to she cheek ; but cauchon have no comfort to give . he draw back and say coldly : Joan , you be a child of the Devil ! 120 she look at he in unaffected terror . then it be as if a veil gradually fall from she eye ; as if the whole truth be reveal to she in a flash of lightning . they have lie to she in order to trap she . in she overwrought and exhaust condition she lose all self - control . fever and ecstasy take charge of she feature . as a stream of reproach pour from she lip they all gaze at she in terror : be this the last flare - up before death , be it madness ? all of they feel themselves face to face with something unfamiliar and extraordinary . slowly they draw away . cauchon rise and back round he chair . 30 . 121 foam at the mouth , Joan continue to pour out a torrent of word : you say that I be a child of the Devil ... and she continue : ... but I say it be you who have be send by the Devil to torment I ! she stand up in bed , point at each judge in turn . a violent storm of anger break out : blasphemy ! she be possess ! this be monstrous ! the judge huddle together in they agitation and terror , and gradually withdraw . 122 and now Joan fall back on she bed , exhaust . she groan and gasp for breath . she wipe the sweat from she forehead with she sleeve . for a moment there be silence . only she groan can be hear . the judge look at each other , not know what to do . then they turn to cauchon who be ponder . it be he who break the silence with the follow word address to massieu : there be nothing for it ... give the executioner he order ! while the doctor who have enter during the precede scene be attend to Joan , the judge leave the room . 123 by the time the judge come out into the castle yard , there be already rumor of what have happen in the cell . the inhabitant of the castle crowd round to hear the news and learn of the preparation now in hand for the penultimate act of the drama . from the castle yard a small door lead out to the churchyard , which lie outside the castle wall . the judge make for the churchyard . 124 the prison some soldier have come with a stretcher . they lift Joan onto it and carry she out . 125 the churchyard one group of judge after another be see move forward to the spot from which they be to witness the impending ceremony . 31 . 126 Joan , lie on the stretcher , be carry into the churchyard . 127 the churchyard , which be surround by wall , be very big , but only a few grave can be see in it . they be all cover with flat stone after the custom of the Middle Ages . in that day churchyard serve as a meeting - place at certain festival , and the judicial authority of the Church often use they as a stage for important announcement and abjuration , which they want know to as many people as possible ; they form a theatrical set , with grave and gravestone as set . a stench of putrefaction arise from this earth fill with dead body . the poisonous smell of nothingness . the smell of stone , corpse and worm . against the buttress of the church two platform have be erect and cover with red velvet . on one of they the entire assembly of judge be sit in state : Pierre cauchon , the inquisitor , and a host of jurist in scarlet cap and purple skull - cap . the other platform be for Joan . 128 escort by English soldier , Joan 's little procession come slowly to this place . 129 everywhere in the churchyard , and even on the wall , there be thousand of people , head jostling . the great majority of they be favorably dispose towards Joan . when she be carry in , every neck be crane to catch a glimpse of she . for she part Joan try to read she destiny in they face . from the way they look at she she get the impression that they feeling towards she be friendly . Joan , who for month have live remote from this earth , be visibly move . she smile at the tiny flower which greet she from the grass . she almost touch they with she hand and imagine that she be caress they . but when she look in the other direction , she eye fall on two gravediggers who be engage in open up a old grave . she see the worm swarm in the skull which be throw up , and she be fill with the fear of death . once more she ponder over the word which the member of the judicial body have address to she , and she think sadly of she fellow countryman , who seem to have forsaken she completely . 130 the tiny procession approach the platform reserve for Joan . loiseleur come forward to meet the procession and assist she . she smile happily at this man , whom she believe to be on she side . she be help to a seat on a little stool . 131 her face be as white as a sheet . she close she eye , which have be hurt intensely , bow she head and place she hand on she breast to all appearance indifferent to everything happen around she . erard , massieu and two notary take they place at Joan 's side . 32 . 132 loiseleur go back to the larger platform where he take he place near cauchon , who now get up and declare the session open . Joan , for the last time I order you to abjure . be you willing to sign ? Joan sit motionless and expressionless . she hear nothing , and smile distantly . 133 one of the prelate take he place at Joan 's side . he begin a admonitory sermon , take as text the word from Saint John 's Gospel : ' the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine . ' inspiring terror at one moment , speak sanctimoniously the next , he warn , he threaten , he implore , he mock , he call she a cun traitor , cruel , greedy , a liar , a heretic , a witch . his anger rise in measure with he word and finally reach a point where it overflow in a torrent . he be unquestionably a powerful speaker . 134 but the stream of word appear to flow over Joan 's head without touch she . the past and the present mingle in she thought ; yet nothing of what go on around she escape she notice . she look towards the open grave . she can not see the actual gravedigger , only the earth which he be shoveling up from deep down . then she hear a shout of command . 135 in the densest part of the crowd the soldier be clear a passage to allow a carriage into the churchyard . the new arrival be the executioner and he two assistant . 136 erard be enraged at Joan 's apparent lack of interest in what he be say . he raise he voice and shout furiously : ... this woman 's arrogance fill one with disgust ... Joan 's attitude remain unchange . she do not move . erard 's voice tremble as he continue : there have never be a monster in France like the one which have appear in the form of Joan . he pause , lean towards she , and with a threaten gesture shout at Joan : it be to you , Joan , I be talk ... it be to you I say that you king be a heretic ! 33. 137 now Joan turn towards he . she can withstand all he invective , when it be she own person and she own honor that be at stake ; but this accusation direct at she king deeply outrage Joan 's love of France and of Charles , the king . her expression be one of anger and indignation as she say : indeed , my lord , I be ready to maintain , even at the risk of my life , that my king be the noblest man in all christendom ... 138 a ripple of applause can be hear among the spectator . the soldier , who be stand side by side in close rank , turn threateningly . 139 thrown out of he stride by Joan 's answer , the preacher embark on a tirade , which Joan answer confidently ; finally , not know how to respond , he shout to massieu : make she be quiet ! the spectator derive much derisive enjoyment from this little scene . order have be restore on the platform . massieu have persuade Joan to keep quiet . the preacher be approach he peroration . he point to the judge and declare they have prove incontestably that Joan have violate the Church 's doctrine in deed as well as in word ; and ask she if she have anything to say in answer to this . she reflect for a moment and , while the spectator stand on tiptoe to see what be happen , she rise to she foot and say : I alone be responsible for everything that I have say and do ... Joan draw a deep breath before continue . all that stand round she gaze at she expectantly . then she say : ... if have do any wrong , I be to blame , and nobody else ! 140 she sit down calmly . erard , however , be almost inclined to interpret she word as a declaration that she be now ready to recognize the error of she way . he lean forward towards the notary , who hand she a paper . several of the judge have come forward , also one of Warwick 's secretary . there be so much tumult and confusion round Joan that she have difficulty hearing . sommaire explain : it be the abjuration ... 34 . Joan do not understand what this mean . what be the meaning of ' abjure ' ? she turn to erard to ask he advice . explain it to she ! erard order massieu . the latter ask to be excuse , but after glance at erard he do not dare to insist , and be oblige to advise Joan of the danger she will incur by refuse . he say to she : if you do not sign you will be burnt ! 141 among the crowd thronging the place the word ' burnt ' can be hear fly from mouth to mouth . around Joan on the platform the air be fill with shout word . Joan ask massieu for advice ; he tell she that when the Church advise she to sign she must do so . once again she turn to erard and ask he to tell she whether she must abjure . he answer : either you sign - or you will go to the stake ! and he point at the executioner , who at this moment approach at a sign from Warwick . now Joan understand the cruel death in store for she , and she be afraid . Jesus Christ also be afraid when he learn that his hour be come . fear have overcome she spirit and be affect she feeling as well as she judgement ; with the threat of the stake hang over she she now begin to consider the proposition which have be put to she . almost unconsciously she turn she face towards the grave . she see shovelful after shovelful of earth pile up ... a human skull appear among the lump of soil . worm be writhe in the eye-socket . the spectator shout : sign , Joan , sign ! 142 but she do not hear they . she be breathe heavily and feel giddy . she look vacantly at she surroundings like somebody come out of a faint , not know where he be . in a whisper which be barely audible to anybody but herself she say : I have do no wrong ... I believe in the twelve article of the creed and in God 's ten commandment ! 143 even erard 's heart bleed at the sight of such deep unhappiness . his tone change , and he voice become almost syrupy as he say : Joan , we have great sympathy for you ! 35 . Warwick give a sign to the executioner , who be approach with a rope . 144 now loiseleur mount the platform and take up a position on the other side of Joan . he say to she in a low voice : you have no right to die ... you must continue to fight for France ... for the King of France . Joan feel a pang in the pit of she stomach when he pronounce the name of she country and she king , which mean everything to she and be never out of she thought . 145 the spectator follow with anxiety and deep involvement everything take place on the platform . that stand round she , who have witness she fear , make all kind of golden promise if only she will consent to sign . cries of ' sign , sign ! ' resound from mouth to mouth , and loiseleur urge she earnestly to follow this advice . Joan be daze , and no longer understand a thing . anxiously she explore the eye of that stand round she . her terrible uncertainty be reflect in she expression . the moment have arrive when she begin to yield to the unremitte pressure . and when , at this very moment , the executioner rise up before she , she surrender . 146 she cast a frighten glance at she surroundings ; then she slowly kneel and bow she head . sommaire seize the document which have be place in front of Joan for she signature and read it aloud , sentence by sentence . sentence by sentence Joan repeat he word , smile feebly and speak in a peculiar mechanical way which betray the fact that she be far away , absorb in she own thought . during the read erard gesture with the pen to the larger platform to inform the judge that Joan be go to sign . the tension among the spectator be at break point . the read be conclude . Joan get to she foot . erard put a pen in she hand ; round Joan the excitement be palpable . people seem to be afraid of she die . 147 but Joan be like somebody who have escape from a great danger , whose relief now find expression in a tremendous joy , almost resembling gaiety . 36 . 148 she draw a circle , explain as she do so that she be unable to write . but this be not good enough for erard . so loiseleur step forward and guide Joan 's hand , enable she to write the word jehanne , follow by a cross . when Joan have sign , erard , with the document raise over he head , give a wink of triumph to let the judge know that he have succeed in he task . the document pass from hand to hand until it reach loiseleur , who say cheerfully to Joan : you have do a good day 's work today ... you have save you soul ! 149 and he hurry away to give cauchon the document . among the spectator the tension be release in shout of joy . but one or two English soldier , who have see Joan 's smile , go up to she and shout at the priest around she : she have only make fool of you ! the priest push they away . cauchon , who have receive the document , now give a signal for Joan to come forward and hear she sentence of judgement . 150 Joan descend from the platform , lean on massieu . in he enthusiasm one of the spectator forget himself and burst out : Long live the maid ! ... Long live France ! two soldier turn abruptly , force they way through the crowd , seize the unfortunate man who have give vent to he patriotic feeling , and lead he away . 151 Joan have come before she judge ' great platform . cauchon take the document from he secretary and begin to read it aloud : in as much as you have at last renounce the error of you way , we release you from excommunication from the Church ... cauchon pause for a moment . Joan stand before she judge with fold hand . a smile of gratitude be sketch on she face . she lower she head to conceal she joy . then cauchon continue : but in as much as you have rashly sin we condemn you . .. Joan look up with a expression of fear and surprise . cauchon continue he read : 37 . ... to perpetual imprisonment , there to eat the bread of sorrow and drink the water of affliction ... Joan stand for a moment , dumbfounded . it be as if she cannot grasp the meaning of what she have just hear . she feel as if she heart be in she mouth . her eye have the expression of a hunt animal . then she hide she face in she hand and weep . cauchon give a sign for Joan to be lead out . she stagger away , lean on massieu 's arm . 152-3 the gateway leading into the castle yard Joan meet the two soldier who earlier maintain that she have make fool of she judge . they heap abuse upon she , and massieu have to protect she . 154 the prison Joan be escort in by the jailer . he make she sit down on a stool and start cut off she hair . Joan be seize by a new and dispirite fear . although she be in pain , she manage to weep inaudibly , sobbing without a sound . when she weep ease off for a moment she whisper : oh , I be so tired , so tired ... but the jailer be concentrate entirely on he work . the lock of hair fall on the ground . Joan weep ceaselessly . the event in the churchyard pass in succession before she eye , but now she see they in relation to one another , from a new angle and with a sharper perception . she realize that it be the fear of death which have cause she to panic . she regards what she have do as the great sin she have ever commit . she be unable to forgive herself for have tell lie through fear of death . bitter be the tear which well from she eye , from source almost dry up , as Joan ask herself how she may still atone for she sin and repair the damage she have do . she turn to the jailer and say with a air of entreaty : oh , I be so tired ... the jailer mumble something incomprehensible . Sympathy be not to be expect from this quarter . Joan feel like a outcast ; it be hard to imagine a great humiliation for a woman than to be shorn of she hair . and Joan be a woman . at last the cut operation be conclude . 38 . 155 Joan get up and sit on she bed . she be like somebody who be on the verge of collapse from lack of sleep , and who do mechanically whatever he be tell . unconsciously she raise she hand to she face , shudder and look at she hand with dread , as if they be unclean . she feel ashamed . what have she do ? she have deny she God . she think of Peter 's denial , of he threefold denial before cock -crow . 156 the jailer , who have leave Joan by herself for a moment , now return with a broom . almost without think , and with a melancholy smile , Joan follow the broom as it sweep up she hair - hair from orléan and from rheim . the jailer sweep it up onto a shovel . he glance round the cell to see if there be anything else he can sweep up while he be about it . his eye fall on the plait straw crown , the martyr 's crown , which have land in a corner . Joan see the broom gather in the crown . that too ! it be as if in this little incident Joan see a sign from God . she bitterly lament the glory she have lose by she abjuration . the jailer leave the cell . Joan sit by herself . she think of what she have do . this document sign by she hand be a denial , a denial of God . how she wish she could tear it to shred ! she be in consternation over the enormity of she sin . her soul be drown in remorse . she flush , she shake she head violently : no! no! no ! she strike she breast . she feel that she be damned eternally , eternally abandon by God . she raise she head in bewilderment . she think of Hell . she stand up as if to cry out in remorse . then suddenly she recall the executioner and the stake at which she flesh will burn . she collapse again on she bed . she sit there in agony , she head hide in she hand . the door open . the jailer come in . now Joan rise , have make she decision . she hurry over to the jailer and shout : go and fetch the judge ... I take back ... I regret ... I have lie ... she look at he with tear- stain eye and give he a push to make he go and tell the prelate . she be seize by a deadly fear , she be terrify that a new fit of weakness will master she before she can put into effect the decision she have just make . she know that this decision will probably lead to she death , but this she feel strong enough to meet . and now that the first step have be take she tremble with impatience . she be weary of the struggle and long to be free . 39 . 157 the spectator of the scene in the churchyard have still not return to the town , but have encampe in a large open space where booth sell cider and other drink have be set up . they be group in family on the grass , some of they be crowd round the booth , and the young one be dance and sing to the sound of music . the precede prison scene alternate with short shot of this folklife : dance bear - acrobat - juggler - a musician - a hobby-horse - a dance - leader - a man with a stick over he shoulder and a cask hang from the stick - penny in the bucket - another musician who have fastened together a drum and a flute , which he hold in the leave hand , with the drum-stick in he right . a wild dance - a man sell bird - dwarf - contortionist . the follow prison scene be interrupt by glimpsis of the preparation round the bonfire which be to be light in the castle yard : a man carry firewood to the stake , a break carriage - wheel in the fuel , etc . 158 the jailer now find cauchon in conversation with Warwick at the entrance to the chapel . the jailer explain briefly what have happen in the prison . Warwick and cauchon exchange eloquent glance . at the same moment loiseleur come out from the chapel . in a few word cauchon put he in the picture and tell he to assemble some of the judge and notary . 159 meanwhile Joan sit wait impatiently in she prison . it be evident that she do not make a sacrifice such as hers without do she nature a injury . she be rack by deep despair and she nerve show it . she shiver ; she tooth chatter . she wring she hand so that she knuckle be completely white . 160 finally cauchon enter , follow by various judge and notary . they find the young girl dissolve in tear , she face contort . it be a poor , helpless girl of twenty whom they have defeat . during the follow scene cauchon exude a air of benevolence and satisfaction . in contrast with he earlier demeanor he be now calm and equable . his feeling be pleasurable , but it be not a malicious pleasure ; he be sure of he prey ! they sit down , and cauchon ask Joan why she have send for they . with a sob , but also with a expression of determination , she answer : I have commit a great sin ... she have to break off , choke by tear . 40 . 161 the judge comfort she and try to alleviate she grief , so that she can continue : ... I have deny God in order to save my life . the judge look at one another . not one of they be so hard - heart as to be untouched by the young woman 's genuine distress . 162 even cauchon be move . it be a moment before he speak . then he say : so you still believe that you be send by God ? Joan nod in confirmation . 163 again the judge exchange look . the notary raise he head from he book . he examine the judge ' face searchingly , look at Joan and write in he note : ' fatal answer . ' cauchon have stand up . however dull he human feeling may be , it still go against the grain with he to send Joan to the stake , even though she herself be ask to die . he say in a friendly tone : but , Joan , you have admit in front of everybody that you be misl by the Devil . Joan , who have gradually regain she self - control , do not answer immediately . it be only when the judge press she that she reply : everything I say be for fear of the stake ! cauchon hold a whisper consultation with the other , but it be clear that they all regard it as waste effort to continue . cauchon say : have you anything else to tell we ? Joan shake she head . the judge rise to go . when cauchon go into the adjoin room he eye fall on Warwick , who have just come up the stair and now give cauchon a look of enquiry . cauchon merely say : it be all over ! Warwick receive the news with no indication of surprise . 41 . meanwhile the judge have start to go down the stair , when cauchon hold the last two back . they be ladvenu and massieu . cauchon drop he voice and give they a order . 164 the two monk go into the cell , where they find Joan sit with she hand in she lap . she be now calm and decide . what be she think about ? about she home in domrémy - or about death ? massieu and ladvenu remain stand by the door . Joan do not see they , so preoccupy be she with she own thought . they approach with cautious step , as people do involuntarily in the house of death . ladvenu call to she . she look up , surprised to see he . then ladvenu say : Joan , I have come to prepare you for death ! for a moment silence reign , so deep that Joan 's breathe can be hear . then she say in a barely audible voice : now ... already ? ladvenu , struggle with the tear which be muffle he voice , answer yes . another long , long silence . then Joan ask , almost as if fear the answer : what kind of death ? ladvenu , choke by he feeling , be unable to speak . he make a sign for massieu to answer on he behalf . massieu say : at the stake ! a slight shudder pass over Joan 's face , but in she soul there be no longer any struggle or doubt . 165 ladvenu , who have now regain he self - control , give massieu a quiet order . massieu go out hurriedly . when he have go ladvenu say : how can you still believe that you be send by God ? Joan smile , as if she know more than other man , and answer : his way be not we way ! after a pause she add : yes , I be his child ! ladvenu , move by this persistent faith , say presently : and the great victory ? 42 . Joan look at he as if amaze at he ask such a stupid question . she answer : my martyrdom ... ladvenu nod . he look at she as at a saint descend from heaven . yet he cannot refrain from ask one more question : and you release ? Joan answer with a look of ecstasy in she eye : ... death ... ! her purity and the sincerity of she faith in God be almost dazzle to ladvenu . he get up . he pity the unhappy Joan , and be troubled over this soul which be endangered beyond hope of salvation . he turn to Joan and ask she if she want to confess . she accept he offer gratefully and kneel . 166 massieu have go to fetch the eucharist . a procession of priest , wear surplice and stole , and carry light in they hand , come out of the chapel and go in the direction of the castle yard , sing litany . 167 everyone in the castle yard kneel ; the woman be in tear . to every entreaty the priest answer : pray for she ! 168 presently the procession arrive at Joan 's cell , and she prepare to receive the eucharist . ladvenu take the consecrate host in he hand , show it to Joan and say : do you believe that this be the body of Christ ? Joan receive the body of Christ with touch meekness . she weep copiously as once again she find him from whom she have so long be keep apart . in the fullness of she heart she raise she voice and offer to Jesus prayer of a childlike gentleness and move quality . the cell door stand open . 169 in the ante-room loiseleur have come into view . he hear Joan talk with she savior and be deeply move . even this man' eye well over with tear . he be afraid he will be unable to stifle he emotion and withdraw . 170 the solemn ceremony be over . the monk leave . 171 the jailer come in with a coat which Joan be to wear . 43. 172 meanwhile rumor be circulate among the crowd in the area behind the churchyard that Joan have withdraw she abjuration . now they set out in swarm for the castle , press over the lower drawbridge lead into the castle yard , where the English soldier control the flow in such a way that they keep the invader concentrate in one corner of the yard . through the gate hundred of curious sightseer can be see climb up into tree and stand on the parapet of the bridge in the hope of see a tiny fragment of the unaccustom spectacle . 173 in between , scene from the prison be show . Joan be wear a coat that come down to she foot , which be bare . her earlier calm seem to have disappear . she pray and weep incessantly . ladvenu and massieu , who have return to fetch she , lead she away . 174 Joan have arrive at the castle yard . in she coat she appear to many of that present as a vision from God . a old woman approach , hand Joan a cup of milk , weep and kneel . the poor child , who be herself in need of comfort , offer the woman such comfort as she can , but the English soldier put a end to this scene . 175 the stake be erect in the middle of the castle yard .*** the fuel be pile up on a foundation of stone . the post to which the victim be to be tie project over the fuel . the intention be for thousand of people to witness with they own eye that the maid have really be burnt . a notice-board be fastened to the stake , with the follow inscription : ' heretic , relapsed , apostate , idolatress . ' further away there be a platform for the judge and the English nobility ; another be reserve for the preacher and for spectator . 176 when Joan have take she place at the stake one of the judge , nicolas midi , stand and begin he sermon : in the name of the Lord , amen ! 177 for Joan it be as if he voice have reach she from far away . she weep incessantly , as she watch the executioner 's final preparation ; she see he bend over 178 his coal - bucket ; later she see he , with a knife in he mouth , uncoil the rope which be to fasten she to the stake . 179 nicolas midi continue he sermon : ... like a rotten member we cut you off from the body of the Church . 44 . the preacher turn to face Joan directly ; she listen attentively and give a unconscious nod . at the same moment she see a flock of dove take off and fly into the heaven . then nicolas midi end he short address : Joan , go forth in peace ... the Church be unable to protect you ! Joan , who retain to the end she respect for the Church 's servant , incline politely and gratefully in he direction . 180 in a loud voice she pray : dear God , I accept my death willingly and gladly ... her face become more serious and more anguish ; she continue : ... but I entreat thee , if thou lovest I , that my suffer may be short ... 181 her lament , mild but strongly speak , ring through the hushed square . everyone hold he breath to hear the condemn Joan 's last word ; every eye turn towards she and watch for she smallest movement . they be deeply affect by the simplicity she show , face to face with death . many be in tear , even some of the English soldier . 182 at the end of she prayer she say to ladvenu , with tear in she eye : where will I be tonight ? ladvenu exhort she to have faith in God : with the help of the almighty she will attain she place in paradise . the English soldier grow impatient , and one of they officer approach the platform and say : look here , priest , be you go to be all day ? 183 ladvenu insist on he right to prepare the young woman for death . and he say to massieu , who be bring he a small missal : Joan wish to have a cross with she when she die ! 45 . 184 ladvenu instruct massieu to fetch one from the chapel , and with the little missal in he hand he read the prayer for that under sentence of death . one of the English soldier have hear ladvenu 's word to massieu . he extract two bit of wood from a faggot lie ready for the bonfire , and join they so that they form a modest little cross . 185 Joan , who have follow he movement , be touch . she take the cross lovingly and reverently , and cover it with kiss . 186 the English captain be now lose patience , and order the executioner to do he duty . 187 massieu return with the processional cross . he show it to Joan ; she be inexpressibly happy as she take it with both hand , kiss it with tear in she eye , and address ardent prayer to it . 188 now she eye fall on the executioner , who have climb up on the other side of she in order to tie she to the stake . he drop the rope ; she pick it up . she be bound brutally to the stake . ladvenu remain stand . during Joan 's prayer he remain hold the crucifix in front of she , so that throughout she can see she savior . when the executioner have secure Joan he descend . ladvenu continue to speak word of comfort to Joan . all around she be now in tear . loiseleur weep . even cauchon weep . the executioner have make he final preparation . 189 in he hand he hold the flame torch which be to set the bonfire alight . 190 Joan suddenly catch sight of the fire , but she first think be not for herself : she think only of ladvenu , who seem to have forget the danger he be expose to . she shout to he : the fire ! get down ! 191 but she implore he urgently to continue right up to the end hold the cross raise before she eye . 192 the flame crackle and climb higher . 46 . 193 suddenly a deathly hush descend on the square . a dull silence . only the crackle of the flame and the mumble prayer of the priest can be hear . oppress by this stillness , some of the spectator fall on they knee , and other follow they example . many of they light wax candle . 194 the flame leap from one faggot to another ... they advance in little jump over cavity and gap in the fuel . spark fly , smoke whirl up ; through the smoke , which occasionally conceal Joan , can be see part of she 195 face , which be raise to heaven , and she mouth , which be whisper prayer . then she eye seek Christ , whom ladvenu continue to hold up towards she ; Christ who , like herself , be envelop in smoke . 196 through the smoke she see the executioner stir the fire , 197 and a soldier on he knee try to get near enough to the bonfire to throw the martyr 's crown on it . 198 she also see massieu , who be sprinkle holy water on the bonfire from he stoup . 199 meanwhile the judge have rise . the cleric be not allow to witness the actual execution , but they departure be in the nature of a flight . the eye of most of they be fill with tear . they all cross themselves as they withdraw . 200 the English soldier force a way for they through the crowd , but as the priest approach the spectator the latter draw back of they own accord to avoid contact with they . on every face you can read contempt , in every quarter you can hear the traitor be taunt as such . 201 suddenly the first tongue of flame lick round Joan 's foot . she squirm . the thing of this earth be vanish , and Joan 's thought be now only of the King of Heaven . in spite of the pain and terror she do not forget she Christ - indeed it be as if , with every second that pass , she be come steadily closer to him . Jesus ! she begin to scream in she long death-struggle . 202 the weep crowd repeat the name of Jesus . 203 innumerable tongue of flame , grow constantly in size , number and fierceness , be now fan round she . 204 the rope bind she to the stake begin to burn . 47 . 205 Joan be frantic with terror : Jesus ! she scream in she agony . 206 the echo repeat she cry in the sad and silent square . the bystander pray in chorus , while the woman weep and wail : intercede for we ... other continue : ... now and in we last hour . 207 Joan 's coat be already in flame , consume by the fire as far as the knee . her foot be burn . 208 but the executioner continue pile fuel on the bonfire . a ominous , infernal silence prevail . 209 Joan scream : Jesus ! Jesus ! 210 but the bystander , who during this final scene stand as if paralyze by the fire and by Joan 's cry , be seize by a mood compound of fear and ecstasy . outburst of anger and indignation against the oppressor can already be hear . the English soldier take up a threaten posture . 211 the flame climb steadily higher . 212 the notice- board fastened over Joan 's head go up in flame and fall into the bonfire . 213 a last vision be catch of Joan 's face , contort in terror . she pronounce once more the name of Jesus , let she head slump and give up the ghost . the tumult grow among the bystander , clench fist be raise in the air . 214 threaten word can be hear . then somebody in the crowd give free expression to what everybody be think and shout : you have burnt a saint ! the cry be take up , until it be hear from every throat . 215 the rope fasten Joan to the stake have burnt through and fall in ash . Joan 's body totter and sink into the bonfire . 48 . 216 at a sign from Warwick the soldier pursue the mob out of the castle yard with thrust of they lance , through the gate and over the drawbridge , which be then raise . many fall victim to the soldier ' brutality or be trample to death . 217 the smoke rise in a column , conceal Joan . 218 on Warwick 's order the executioner rake through the fire . normally no trace of Joan should remain - but what be this ? Joan 's heart be undamage . he show it to Warwick and pour oil on the flame , but still the heart will not catch fire . he try in vain , with the help of sulphur and coal , to make it burn : the flame leap up , guide by he expert hand , but when the fire subside again the executioner find the heart still intact . convince that he be witness a manifest miracle , he look questioningly at Warwick , who answer curtly : throw this lot in the seine ! 219 in he anguish the executioner fall on he knee before ladvenu , terrify that he will be condemn for have burnt a saint . as the sun go down Joan 's heart be sink in the river , the heart which from that time become the heart of France , just as she herself be the incarnation of the eternal France .