the darjeeling limite write by wes Anderson , Roman coppola , and Jason schwartzman November 22 , 2006 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ext . STREET . day a city in India . a crowd of street - child scatter out of the way as a small , sixty - style , black and yellow taxi speed up a narrow road . int . taxi . day the driver grip the steering wheel tightly . he wear a black turban , large , plastic sunglass , and a determine look . a fifty - year- old businessman in a grey suit ride in the back . he check he watch and stare out the window , anxious . a meter which look like a slot- machine be mount on the leave side of the hood outside the windshield . the taxi shoot along the edge of a market . it cut in - between three bicycle and a buzzing scooter with a family of four on it . the mother in a red sari ride side - saddle . the taxi fly past two rickshaw stack with table linen and dodge a cow walk in the street . ext . depot . day the taxi skid around a corner and -- with one of the rear door already swinging open -- slide to a stop at the entrance to a train station . vendor on the sidewalk sell fruit , vegetable , spice , pottery , textiles , etc . a man at a stand make fresh - squeeze sugar- cane juice . the fifty - year- old man jump out of the car carry two samsonite suitcase . the driver shout something after he in Hindi . the fifty - year- old man look back at he uncertainly without stop . he sprint into the building . int . depot . day the fifty - year- old man run weaving through a bustling crowd of people buy ticket and wait on bench , past porter in red turban carry pile of baggage on they head , out onto the platform . ext . platform . day bell be ringing . wheel be clack . smoke be blow . the train be already pull out , and the fifty - year - old man run alongside the track behind it . a teenager with a faint moustache and a half - unbuttone shirt watch calmly from a deck at the rear of the caboose . he hold a cricket bat at he side . a sign above he head read the darjeel Limited with a picture of a run elephant below it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library the fifty - year-old man 's shoe slap along the cement . he start gain on the train . the train pick up speed . the fifty - year- old man grit he tooth . he clenches he fist . he begin to lose ground . he yell over the sound of the engine 's whistle -- but the train pull further ahead . a second runner appear behind the fifty - year - old man . he be thirty - five . he be dress in a navy blue , wool suit with a light blue shirt . he wear slightly tinted aviator sunglass which sit crookedly on he nose . he carry a old , beat - up suitcase with a jungle pattern print of small cheetah , elephant , zebras , palm tree , and pelican all over it and the initial j.l.w. stencill onto it . he sprint past the fifty - year- old man , head full - steam to the back of the train , throw he suitcase onto the deck ahead of he , and leap on -board , looping he elbow around a pole . he be Peter Whitman . Peter look at the teenager . the teenager squint at he . they both turn to look back at the fifty - year- old man , who be slow down with a expression of sad frustration on he face . Peter watch he sympathetically . Peter pick up he suitcase and go into the train . int . corridor . day Peter walk quickly through two car and enter a third . he pull a ticket out of he coat pocket and check the number next to each compartment door as he go down the corridor . he stop at one and double - check he ticket . insert : a number plate on the wall . it read 40/41 . thin cardboard strip insert in slot have f. Whitman , P. Whitman , and J. Whitman type on they . int . compartment 40/41 . day Peter slide open the door , go inside , and shut the door behind he . he set down he suitcase and sit on a bench seat across from a sleep twenty - five - year - old man with the side of he face press against the window and he mouth open . he have a Beatles - type moustache and wear a grey , wool suit with a black shirt . he be Jack Whitman . four old , beat - up suitcase of various size , plus a match trunk and two duffel bag , all with the same jungle pattern print and the initial j.l.w. stencill onto they , sit pile on rack and shelf around the small compartment . on a fold - out table , there be a pitcher of water , a empty glass , and a small manila note book with a pen tuck into script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library its spine . a transistor radio play indian music at a low volume on the windowsill . a small , metal fan whir on the ceiling . Peter take a foil strip -pack of green-stripe pill label hypno - Aid with instruction on it in Hindi out of a yellow plastic sack . he pour himself a glass of water and swallow a pill . he be still breathe hard . he lift up he glass to look out from under they and say quietly : peter wake up , Jack . Jack open he eye and close he mouth . he sit up and look at Peter . he blink a few time and clear he throat . he laugh . Peter laugh . they both take out cigarettes and light they . Jack say significantly , raise he eyebrow : jack have you see Francis ? Peter hesitates , curious . the compartment door slide open . a forty - year- old man in a light brown , wool suit with a yellow shirt stand in the hallway hold a tray of whiskey highball ( irish whiskey over ice with club soda and a lemon twist ) . he have gauze pad over he temple with medical tape hold they in place and white bandage wrap all around he head . both of he eye be blacken and swollen , and he have two set of stitches plus numerous bruise , scratch , scab , and three small bandage on he face . he lean slightly on a bamboo cane . he be Francis Whitman . he say softly : francis hello , Peter . Peter look startle at the condition of Francis 's face . Francis smile and laugh . he come into the compartment , shut the door behind he , and sit down . he hand one of the whiskey highball to Jack and one to Peter . they all laugh . Francis light a cigarette . they drink they drink quickly . there be a knock on the door . Francis slide it open . a thirty - year- old man with a beard stand in the corridor with a hole - puncher in he hand . he wear a green silk turban and a Nehru jacket with Chief steward embroider onto it . chief steward good afternoon . Whitman ? Francis , Peter , and Jack nod . chief steward May I see you ticket , please ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Francis , Peter , and Jack take they ticket out of they pocket and hand they to the chief steward . the chief steward click the ticket with he hole puncher and snap they into a clip above the door . he point at a small no smoke sign over the sink . chief steward no smoking , please . Francis , Peter , and Jack hesitate . Francis awkwardly crack open the window . they all quickly take a last few puff and blow smoke out before they flick they cigarettes away into the countryside . the chief steward look annoyed . chief steward welcome aboard . the chief steward go out the door . a twenty - five year - old girl in a pale green , silk sari-uniform come in with a tray of pale green drink in little cup . she have long eyelash and a red dot on she forehead . she wear tortoise - shell glass . she smile and say : stewardess sweet lime ? Francis , Peter , and Jack stare at the stewardess . jack yes , please . francis I will have one . peter that sound good . the stewardess set three cup of juice onto the table . she dip she fingertip into a little , metal bowl of red powder and carefully press a dot onto each of they forehead . Francis ' dot go on he bandage . the stewardess go back into the corridor , look at Jack for a instant , and shut the door . Francis , Peter , and Jack drink they cup of juice . they look pleased . Francis say suddenly : francis let 's go get a drink and smoke a cigarette . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library int . corridor . day Francis , Peter , and Jack walk quickly through the train , balance against the wall and window as the car jolt back and forth . Francis limp and swing he cane . they light cigarettes . francis I want to start by thanking you both for be here . thank you . peter you be welcome . jack thank you . francis you be the two most important people in the world to I . I have never say that before , but it 's true , and I want you both to know it . Francis open a slide door and stop in - between two car . the sound of the wind and clack wheel be extremely loud . he yell over the noise : francis I love you , Peter ! peter ( move but uneasy ) thank you ! francis I love you , Jack ! jack ( move but curious ) I love you , too ! Francis open the door to the next car and lead Peter and Jack up the corridor . francis how would it get to this ? why have not we speak in a year ? let 's make a agreement . jack ok . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library peter to do what ? francis A. ) I want we to become brother again like we use to be , and for we to find ourselves and bond with each other . can we agree to that ? peter ok . jack yeah . francis B . ) I want we to make this trip a spiritual journey , and for we to seek the unknown and learn about it . can we agree to that ? peter I guess so . jack sure . francis c. ) I want we to be completely open and say yes to everything -- even if it 's shocking and painful . can we agree to that ? Peter and Jack hesitate . Francis continue : francis I have Brendan make we a itinerary . Francis take a small manila envelope out of he pocket and unty a string to open it . he hand Peter and Jack each a small , laminate piece of paper . insert : a type-written card with Travel itinerary print across the top and a detailed list of train , time , hotel , city , phone number , etc. below . Peter and Jack look puzzle . peter who 's Brendan ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library francis my new assistant . he 's go to give we a update schedule under we door every morning of all the temple and spiritual place we need to see and expedite the hotel and transportation and everything . peter ( puzzle ) how 's he go to do that ? francis I have he bring a printer and a laminate machine . jack ( more puzzle ) where be he ? francis ( slightly defensive ) in a way , it , actually , do not matter . he 's in a different compartment on another part of the train , but we never see he -- ever . Peter and Jack look around the corridor , confuse . Jack start to ask something , but Francis interrupt : francis so that 's more or less it . do it sound ok to you ? peter it sound good . sure . jack yeah . it sound good . francis do you have any question ? Peter lift up he glass and look out from under they . he say brightly : peter I do . francis ok . go ahead . peter what happen to you face ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library int . dine car . day Cloud , star , and a moon be paint on the ceiling . the room be fill with people seat for dinner . waiter in pale green , silk uniform rush around take order . Francis , Peter , and Jack drink whiskey highball . they share a table with a grey-haire man dress in a white tunic read a Hindi newspaper . there be a bowl of nut in front of they . Peter listen with he glass lift up . francis I only remember certain detail , but from what I have be able to reconstruct , it be raining , and I be go about fifty mile a hour when I go into a corner , do some wrong steering , and suddenly -- ( snap he finger ) -- skidd off the road , slam into a ditch , and catapult fifty foot through the air . Little bit of glass and particle be sting I as I fly . for a second , there be just silence . then the bike crash to the ground , explode , and catch on fire , and I smashed into the side of the hill with my face . I be go home . I live alone right now . anyway , two jogger run over and dig out all the dirt that be jamme inside my mouth and my nose and my ear ( my heart have stop , and my brain have stop , so I be technically dead , at this point ) , and they do all the procedure exactly right , as a result of which I be still alive . Peter and Jack look deeply impressed . Francis stand up . his voice crack slightly as he say : Francis hug Peter tightly . he hug Jack tightly . he sit peter wow . jack Boy . francis the first thing I think of after I wake up be : I wish Peter and Jack be here . back down . he take a deep breath . he say quietly to Peter : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library francis have you hear anything from Mom ? peter no. francis ( to Jack ) have you ? jack no. francis I , neither . a girl 's voice snap sharply in Hindi at the other end of the dining car . Jack turn to look . the stewardess stand among the waiter and the chief steward with two empty champagne bottle and a bucket of half - melt ice under she arm . she argue with the chief steward at a whisper in Hindi . Peter squint , mutter , and rub he temple . he take the strip -pack out of he yellow plastic sack again . he pop out another pill and swallow it . jack what 's that ? peter some kind of indian muscle-relaxer . I get it at the pharmacy next to the train station . you do not need a prescription here . Jack nod . he take out a bottle of purple syrup label narco - cough with instruction in Hindi on it out of he own yellow plastic sack . he pour a capful , drink it , then take a swig directly from the bottle . francis what 's that ? jack a type of indian flu medicine . it 's get a tranquilizer in it . Francis nod . he take a glass vial of amber liquid label opio-sedate with instruction in Hindi on it out of he own yellow plastic sack . he unscrew the top and drop three drop under he tongue with a glass pipette . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10. peter what 's that ? francis the strongest indian pain killer you can get . it 's for my face . Peter take Francis ' vial and study it . he unscrew the top again . Francis say warily : francis be careful with that . just take one drop . Peter and Jack drop drop of amber liquid under they tongue with the pipette . Francis and Jack each swallow one of Peter 's pill . Peter and Francis drink sip of Jack 's cough medicine . the gray-haire man observe curiously over the top of he newspaper . two german woman at the next table stare , frown . Francis reach into he mouth and dig between two tooth . he take out something small and white and set it on the edge of a plate . it be a false tooth . Peter and Jack look repulse and confuse . Francis reach toward the bowl of nut but hesitates . francis I also lose a tooth . Jack pick up the false tooth off the edge of the plate . he examine it . he reach into he pocket and pull out a thin , fold - up sheaf of page . he say to Francis and Peter : jack you want to read a short story I write in France ? francis ( reluctantly ) how long be it ? jack never mind . forget it . Peter take the sheaf of page . he unfold it and start read . Jack hesitates . jack you can save it until after dinner , if you want . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 11. Peter shake he head and continue read . Francis put he tooth back into he mouth . Peter see this . he lean forward and say suddenly : peter maybe right before whenever you be about to take out you tooth , you should say something like , '' please , forgive this . '' because it 's , actually , kind of -- Francis recoil slightly , put he hand to he face . francis can you back away a little ? you just spit in my eye . Peter look offended . the german woman start argue loudly . Peter look at they and frown . he squint , mutter , and rub he temple . he resume read the short story . Francis say to Jack : francis when be the last time you be in America , by the way ? jack I do not know . the funeral . francis in other word , a year . Jack shrug . Francis shake he head . francis I have to tell you , I support this relationship not work out . Jack nod . Peter laugh suddenly without look up from the short story . Jack look pleased . jack what part be you on ? peter ( shaking he head ) nothing . it just remind I of something not related to it . Jack look slightly disappointed . the waiter come over to the table with a tray of whiskey highball . he serve they and say : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12. waiter May I take you order , please ? Francis flip open he menu and say immediately : francis let 's see . do we want meat or fish ? I be go to have the chicken . Jack , you want to try the fish ? I bet that 's delicious . and Peter ? the lamb ? a chicken , a fish , and a lamb ? how do that sound ? silence . Francis continue : francis who want a soup ? raise you hand . Francis raise he hand . Peter and Jack reluctantly raise they hand , too . Francis look at Peter curiously . francis you glass be crooked . Peter adjust he sunglass slightly . they be still crooked . Francis frown . he point at Peter 's face . francis be that dad 's ? peter ( hesitates ) yeah . Francis reach across the table and take Peter 's sunglass off . he put they on himself . he squint . francis you have still get he prescription in here . how can you see in this ? Francis return the sunglass to Peter and say to the waiter : francis Three soup . the grey-haire man look up from he newspaper and order in Hindi . the waiter go away . Peter say calmly : peter can you not order for I , please ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13. francis ( hesitates ) what ? peter order for yourself . Peter resume read the short story . Francis ask he : francis how 's Alice ? Peter stop read but do not look up . he say softly : peter she 's fine . she start a company make this little clay pot . they be , actually , kind of popular . we send you one . francis oh , yeah . thanks ! Jack see the stewardess come out of the kitchen carry a broom and a dustpan . she start sweeping up some break cracker off the floor . she see Jack look at she . she hesitates . her lip part . Jack 's eye sharpen , and he sit up straight . he say to himself : jack I want that stewardess . Francis turn around and stare at the stewardess . the two german woman start argue again . Peter gesture toward they and say under he breath : peter this Germans be bother I . Peter immediately turn to the woman and say aggressively : peter lady ! the woman turn quickly to Peter , startle . peter please , keep it down . lower you voice , thank you . the woman look offended but intimidate . silence . Francis say abstractly , hopefully : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14. francis do I raise we ? kind of . Peter and Jack stare at Francis , surprised . they shrug and nod slightly , vaguely positive . Francis nod . the chief steward walk by carry a tray of empty glass . francis hang on . I be just go to ask this guy if he can get I a power adaptor . Francis stand up and walk quickly after the chief steward . Peter squint , mutter , and rub he temple . peter she 's pregnant . Alice . jack ( hesitates ) really ? you be kid . peter no. jack ( uncertainly ) how long ? peter seven-and -a-half month . jack ( surprised ) it 's go to be bear in six week or something ? peter I think so . I be try not to get too catch up in it right now . Jack look puzzle . Peter see Francis on he way back the table . he say quickly : peter do not tell Francis . Jack hesitates . Francis say as he sit down : francis Brendan get the wrong voltage . the waiter arrive with four bowl of soup on a tray . Francis say significantly : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10 15 . francis please , forgive this . Francis reach into he mouth , take out he false tooth , and set it on the edge of he plate . CUT to : 10 thirty minute later . the table be fill with plate and serve dish cover with the remain of they finish meal . the grey-haire man be now go . Peter turn to the last page and finish the short story . he say to himself : peter be . Peter fold up the sheaf of page and put it into he pocket . Francis and Jack stare at he . Peter say finally : peter be it suppose to be sad ? jack ( tentatively ) I think so . peter well , I be not crazy about the part where I start scream at the mechanic . that never happen . jack ( hesitates ) the character be all fictional . the waiter come over and sweep a large number of crumb and bit of food off the tablecloth with a little tool and say : waiter would you care for any dessert ? Francis flip open he menu again and say immediately : francis let 's see . do we want sweet or fruit ? I be go to have the pudding . Jack , you want to try the cake ? and Peter ? what look good to you ? the cookie ? Peter do not respond . Francis point to Peter and say to the waiter : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 11 12 16 . francis he 's go to order for himself . peter ( pause ) the cookie . the waiter go away . Peter stand up . peter Excuse I . Peter walk to the lavatory at the end of the car and go inside . Francis whisper to Jack : francis have he be root around and take thing ? jack ( uneasy ) maybe . I think he 's still in mourn . francis well , I probably be , too , but there 's something kind of unethical about it , be not there ? legally , that glass belong to all three of we . int . lavatory . night 11 Peter stand at the sink with the short story in he hand . he re-read a passage , tremble slightly . he have tear all over he face . he fold up the sheaf of page and put it back into he pocket . he pop another pill out of he strip - pack and swallow it . he take a deep breath . int . compartment 40/41 . night 12 the bunk have be prepare with white sheet and blanket with the darjeel Limited embroider onto they . the door be open to the adjoin compartment . Francis , Peter , and Jack be dress in white pajamas . Jack have on a yellow bathrobe with Hotel Chevalier stitched into the lapel . the transistor radio play the evening news in Hindi on the windowsill . Francis take out one of he vial of amber liquid and drop three drop into each of they whiskey highball . he point at the bottom bunk and say : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17. francis I be go to take this bed , since I be the oldest , and my ankle 's fracture . Peter , you do not mind climb a ladder , as I recall , so why do not you set up shop topside -- and Jack , you be kind of a lone wolf . you can bunk out next door . how do that sound ? there be a shuffle sound outside the room . Three laminate itinerary card slide awkwardly under the compartment door . Jack slide it open . a twenty - five - year-old man with a completely bald head be crouch in the corridor . he wear blue top-sider , a beige cap , beige golf pants , and a match beige polo shirt with Francis Whitman industry and a corporate logo stitched into the breast pocket . he carry a small note-book and a pen . he look up , startle . brendan hi. sorry . I be just -- francis Brendan , this be Jack , and this be Peter . Brendan stand up and shake hand with Jack and Peter . peter hello , Brendan . jack good evening . brendan Nice to meet you . Brendan pick up the three itinerary from the floor and hand one each to Francis , Peter , and Jack . Francis motion for Brendan to step outside . francis let 's update I . Francis go with Brendan into the corridor . Francis shut the door behind they . Jack say to Peter : jack I wonder what he look like under all that tape and everything ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18. peter well , I do not know about he face , but I think he brain might be pretty traumatize . emotionally , I mean . 13 CUT to : 13 Francis and Brendan in the corridor . Francis be suddenly very businesslike : francis how 's everything go back there ? brendan pretty good . francis what do that mean ? brendan ( hesitates ) I never hear back . francis ( annoyed ) so try again . what be you wait for ? brendan well , I leave a message . Brendan smile innocently and shrug . Francis frown . francis why be you smile ? Brendan stop smile . francis call she again right now and keep call every ten minute until you get through . brendan ok . francis this be urgent . we be almost there . brendan ok . francis and , once again , so we be explicitly clear : do not mention this or discuss it ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14 19 . francis ( cont 'd ) with anyone . in other word , it 's a surprise . brendan ok . francis do you find I a power adaptor ? brendan not yet . CUT to : 14 Peter and Jack inside the compartment . Peter light a candle in a little , clay flower pot on the fold - out table . Jack say discreetly : jack how long be you go to stay here ? peter ( hesitates ) what do you mean ? he say until the end of the month . jack uh-huh . peter ( suspicious ) why do you ask that ? jack I be just try to know so I can figure out my plan . peter what plan ? jack I do not know yet . anyway , I have my own ticket , just in case . do not tell Francis . peter ( irritate ) well , I be not go to stay here with just I and he . the compartment door open , and Francis come back inside . Jack point at Peter 's candle and say immediately : jack be that one of Alice 's pot ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15 16 20 . Peter nod . Francis pick up the flower pot and examine it . francis we should order some more of this . i’1ll tell Brendan . peter ok . francis he have this disease where he head be shave -- except he do not have to shave it because he can not grow any hair in the first place . do not talk about it around he , though . it might offend he . Jack light a cigarette and open the window . CUT to : 15 Jack 's head lean out the window . he look ahead , down the track , with a cigarette in he mouth . the train pass through a moonlit forest along a high ridge . the track wind around a corner revealing a wide lake , then straighten again -- revealing the stewardess lean out a window of the next coach . she look ahead , down the track , with a cigarette in she mouth . her hair swirl and snap in the wind . she grab it , pull it tight , and hold it in she fist . she turn around and see Jack . the stewardess look startle . Jack raise he eyebrow . she take the cigarette out of she mouth . he take the cigarette out of he mouth . she raise she glass up above she eye and look out from under then . the track turn another corner , and the stewardess and she car disappear from view . CUT to : 16 Jack lean back into the compartment . Peter switch off the vanity light and place a set of key on a porsche key - chain onto the counter beside the sink with he glass and he money . Francis frown . francis be that dad 's key ? peter ( hesitates ) yeah . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17 21 . francis ( edgy ) you have get he car key , too . jack ( to himself ) where 's that nut at ? Jack press a buzzer on the wall . he stand up and pace briefly between the adjoin compartment . Francis and Peter watch he curiously . there be a knock on the door . Jack open it . the stewardess stand in the corridor . stewardess good evening , Mr. Whitman . how can I help you ? jack be it possible for we to get some more of the savory snack , please ? stewardess of course . can I offer you anything else ? jack I do not think so . stewardess I will be right back . the stewardess close the door . Jack say suddenly : jack I forget something . Jack slide open the door . int . corridor . night 17 Jack come out of the compartment and shut the door behind he . he look to the end of the car . he see a light on ina little galley with a shadow move . he hear cabinet open and close and dish clink . he turn away and walk to the other end of the coach . he slide open the door and stop in the space between the two car . he turn around and look through a window . he watch as the stewardess come out of the galley with a tray of cocktail nut and a pitcher . she walk to the compartment . just as she be about to knock , she see Jack . Jack wave for the stewardess to come to he . she frown slightly . he wave for she to come to he again and keep wave continuously , switch hand while he take out a script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 22 . cigarette and light it , until she finally stride down the corridor , slide open the door , and enter the space between the two car . Jack yell over the noise : jack you want to smoke a cigarette with I in the bathroom ? int . lavatory . night the stewardess be on the sink kissing Jack with she sari pull down and one breast out . Jack spread she leg apart . he lick he finger and touch she . she inhale sharply and say with genuine surprise , smile crookedly : stewardess you be crazy . Jack hold the stewardess by the hip and press into she . they breathe slowly and quietly . stewardess what 's you name ? jack Jack . what 's yours ? stewardess rita . jack you be beautiful . the stewardess arch she back and put she hand on Jack 's face . she whisper : stewardess do not come into I . Jack look at the stewardess uncertainly . pause . jack ok . the stewardess laugh . she stare into Jack 's eye . she say suddenly : stewardess be you on some kind of opiate ? int . compartment 40/41 . night 19 Francis and Peter take swig of cough medicine . Peter say suddenly : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 20 23 . peter Jack 's get he own return ticket . he say he might leave early . francis ( frown ) what be you talk about ? peter do not tell he I tell you . francis ( agitate ) Brendan 's get all the ticket . there 's a whole itinerary . where 's he go ? Peter shrug . Francis stand up and cross quickly into the adjoin compartment . Peter listen while Francis root around , click latch and unzipping zipper . Francis say loudly : francis ( 0.s. ) air-italiano ? Francis come back into the room hold a airplane ticket . he say in disbelief : francis what the fuck be this ? Francis turn around and go into the adjoin compartment again . Peter peer in behind he . Francis come back into the room with a passport in he hand . francis I be keep he passport . in fact , give I yours , too . I be go to hold onto all the passport , so nothing happen . peter I be go to keep mine . francis ( firmly ) no , I want to keep they all together . int . corridor . night 20 Jack stand wait in the corridor outside the lavatory . he look dishevel and daze . he drink a sip from he bottle of cough medicine . the bathroom door slide open . rita look out at Jack . she frown . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21 24 . rita why be you stand there ? jack ( puzzle ) I be wait for you . rita Mr. Whitman , the whole point of we come out separately be so no one see we together . jack ( correct she ) Jack . rita ( hesitates ) Jack . jack right . I get it . ok . good-night , then . Jack start to kiss rita furtively , but she shield he away . rita go back to you compartment . Jack turn and walk briskly down the corridor . int . compartment 40/41 . night 21 Francis lie in the bottom bunk , and Peter be in the top bunk . the door slide open , and Jack come in . jack move over , please . Francis prop himself up onto one elbow against the wall . Jack lie next to he . Peter lean down from the top bunk , upside down . he and Francis stare at Jack . francis where 's the savory snack ? jack ( pause ) huh ? francis ( long pause ) do you just fuck that indian girl ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 22 25 . jack ( take aback ) what ? francis sweet lime . jack of course , not . I go for a walk . Francis and Peter study Jack 's face skeptically . Jack look uneasy but slightly electric . peter something just happen . Jack get up and go into the adjoin compartment . he open one of he suitcase . he dig among he sock and take out a small package wrap in brown paper and string . one end of it have already be open . he pull something out of it . insert : a tiny , pink , cut - glass bottle of perfume with a small squeeze bulb make of red silk . the label read voltaire no. 6 , La Petite mort . int . compartment 40/41 . night 22 Three a.m . the train have stop at a quiet station . outside the window , people and dog sleep on the platform , and a vendor wheel a cart alongside the track . Inside compartment 40/41 , the light be out , and a cricket be chirp . Francis wake up . he see Peter lean down over the side of he bunk , stare out the window in the darkness . he turn over and look out the window , too . Jack stand at a public telephone stand on the other side of the platform listen with the receiver to he ear and a blank expression on he face . he wear he bathrobe and pajamas . a telephone booth attendant sit next to he . a meter click number . Francis frown . francis who 's he talk to ? peter no one . he get the code to he ex - girlfriend 's answer machine , and he 's check she message . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 26. francis ( hurt ) what ? when do he confide that to you ? peter just now . francis why be I not a part of this ? Peter shrug . Jack hang up the telephone and pay the attendant . he walk across the platform to the train . Francis whisper : francis I never like that girl . peter I , neither . anyway , I never trust she . Francis nod . the compartment door slide open . Jack come inside and shut it behind he . he look sad , confuse , and highly emotional . he say quietly in the darkness : jack I do not feel good about myself . Jack kneel suddenly to the floor and dig between two suitcase . he stand up again with he hand cup , pull open the window , and thrust a cricket flutter into the air . it fly away under the light of the platform , off into the distance . the train begin to move . Francis sit up . francis let 's make another agreement : on the spiritual journey , it 's crucial that we do not splinter into faction or not include somebody who have advice and might know better . can we agree to that ? jack ok . francis what would you find out ? jack nothing . francis good . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27. jack she put this in my suitcase . Jack take the bottle of perfume out of the pocket of he bathrobe and spray it in the air . silence . Francis say quietly : francis be that she ? jack that 's she . francis how would she gain access to you personal belonging ? jack she come to see I in France for twenty - four hour . Francis sigh and shake he head . Peter say bluntly : peter could she be gaslight you ? jack ( hesitates ) what 's gaslight ? francis wait a second . let 's make another agreement : from now on , if you want to talk to she -- or check she message -— - you talk to we , first . anytime , day or night . can we agree to that ? Jack nod . Francis point at the bottle of perfume . francis I think we should destroy that . Jack look at the bottle of perfume . he set it on its side on the fold - out table , pick up the transistor radio , and slam it down , obliterate the bottle and smash part of the radio . bit of glass , plastic , and liquid scatter everywhere . Francis and Peter look take aback . Jack test the radio . indian music play . jack it still work . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23 28 . francis ( pause ) let 's look at the itinerary . Francis turn on the read light . he , Peter , and Jack examine they itinerary . francis here we go : the train stop first thing tomorrow morning for a hour and forty - five minute , which be just enough time for a quick visit to the Temple of 1000 bull -- Francis look at he brother with building excitement . he say quietly : francis -- probably one of the most spiritual location in the entire world . ext . temple . day 23 a stone shrine with gold and marble charge bull carve into its wall , door , and column . hundred of people be pack into the square in front of it , and a throng of man move toward the building carry huge , brightly paint , wood and papier - maché idol . Music come from every direction . Francis walk over to a cart that sell flashlight , headphone , and battery . he ask a vendor : francis do you have any power adaptor ? vendor # 1 ( enthusiastically ) yes ! no adaptor ! you use battery ! Peter shuffles through a box of shoe , glove , and hat . he pick up a pair of tan and white rabbit- fur slipper . he ask a vendor : peter can I get this in , say , a ten-and - a - half , medium ? vendor # 2 ( eagerly ) all size ! you try ? take off shoe . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24 29 . Jack crouch in front of a blanket cover with wristwatch , key-chain , and pocketknive . he pick up a small aerosol cannister with a red label that read pepper spray . he ask a vendor : jack what ingredient do this have in it ? I do not want to kill anybody or anything . vendor # 3 ( energetically ) not for kill ! for spray in face . Francis , Peter , and Jack get to a stall sell cage parrot , white pigeon , and canary . they stare mesmerize into a small aquarium with four black snake and one tiny , thin , bright red one in it . a vendor say mysteriously : vendor # 4 most rare . from desert . very poisonous . Peter nod thoughtfully . his eye be glue to the snake . CUT to : 24 Francis , Peter , and Jack carry three pair of rabbit slipper and string of yellow , pink , white , and orange flower as they come inside the temple . Peter hold a cardboard box the size of a small briefcase with a plastic latch on the top . a black skull - and -crossbone be hand - draw on it . they all have they shoe and sock off . crowd of people walk back and forth from shrine to shrine , praying . a man in a robe rub dot of red powder from metal bowl onto people 's forehead . other man pour spoon of water into people 's hand . the people press it into they hair . other man chant and sing . other man burn incense . one man throw rise petal and repeat a phrase in Hindi over and over . Francis turn to Peter and Jack with he back to the activity and say wildly : francis this be incredible ! Peter and Jack nod . they look bewilder and amaze . Francis take Peter and Jack to get holy water and press it into they hair . he give they each a handful of bill . francis take some of this rupee and put they in the thing in front of this deity here . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 . Francis motion to a statue of a seat god with blue skin and four arm . he sit on the floor with Peter and Jack . they put some money into a slot and place they flower on a step with pile of other flower , candle , and bananas . they watch a group of woman and child sit around they , who touch the base of the statue and then they forehead and chest while praying silently with they lip move and they palm press together . Francis , Peter , and Jack imitate they for a minute . Francis frown . he point to a belt wrap around Peter 's waist . it have small cowboy , horse , and apaches in war- paint all over it and the initial f.cc. W. stencill onto the buckle . francis that 's my belt . peter ( hesitates ) can I borrow it ? pause . Francis say tensely : francis not right now . I be look for it . Peter sigh . he take off the belt and hand it to Francis . Francis put it on . he say gently : francis ask first next time . Peter nod . a deafen bell gong in the temple , reverberate like a thunderclap . the sound slowly die down . Jack pat he breast pocket suddenly . jack where 's my passport ? Jack start check every pocket on he body repeatedly in rapid succession . he pull out match , bit of paper , and a break popsicle stick . he hold the can of pepper spray in he hand . he say , stricken : jack I get pick -pockete . my passport get steal . Peter exhales deeply and turn away . Francis say calmly : francis do not worry . it 's not steal . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library jack ( panic ) yes , it be ! it 's go ! francis no , it 's not . I have get it . jack ( long pause ) you steal my passport ? peter I will be right back . francis where you go ? peter I be go to go pray at a different thing . 31 . Peter stand up and walk away across the temple . Jack stare at Francis . francis I hear you be leave early . jack what be you talk about ? francis I think we make a agreement . jack that 's why you steal my passport ? francis well , I just think we might have a chance for this to be kind of a life - change experience , and I think we need it . in other word -- ( sincerely ) -- I do not want you to leave . jack ( pause ) he 's go to have a kid in six week . francis ( hesitates ) who ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 25 26 32 . jack ( point across the temple ) him. rubby . he do not want you to know . Francis look confuse . he repeat : francis rubby ? jack yeah . you know : Jack imitate Peter squinting , mutter , and rub he temple . Francis laugh sharply . he ask , hurt : francis why do not he want I to know ? jack because we do not trust each other . CUT to : 25 Peter praying intently at a statue of a man with a monkey 's head . he finish he prayer , cross himself , and stand up . ext . temple . day 26 Francis , Peter , and Jack descend the temple step . teenage boy behind they walk in pair , hold hand . Francis say enthusiastically : francis wow ! right ? Peter and Jack respond without excitement : peter yeah . amazing . jack great . thanks . next to the road : two woman in orange saris sit on a sheet sorting grain into pile and weigh they , a man make sandal out of wear - out tire tread , and a barber cut a man 's hair in front of a mirror nail to a tree . Francis point to a ten-year- old boy dress in tennis short and no shirt sit on a shoe-shine box . francis let 's get a shoe-shine . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33. Francis sit in the chair . he put one of he foot on the box , and the little boy start polish he shoe with a rag . the shoe be a loafer with a outer space motif of small star , moon , and planet on it and the initial f.c.w. stencill across the top . Peter and Jack sit on the curb . they watch as the shoe-shine boy work . he suddenly pull off Francis 's shoe and dart away . Francis sit motionless , stunne . he shout : francis get he ! peter ( confuse ) who ? jack ( surprised ) what ? the shoe-shine boy sprint at top speed up the road . he look back over he shoulder . Francis scream , suddenly furious : francis come back here ! Jack point at the wooden box , a can of shoe polish , and a rag . jack he leave he shoe-shine kit . francis well , he can buy this whole building -- Francis jerk he thumb at a partially demolish storefront where three man sit on the ground weaving basket . francis -- now . that be $ 3000 loafer . jack yeah , but he only get one of they . Peter and Jack laugh . Francis point to the rabbit slipper in Peter 's bag . Peter hand he one . Francis put it on . they all stand up . silence . Francis say forcefully : francis we ’'re in a emergency here ! I get my face smashed - in , Jack 's heart 's be rip to shred , and rubby 's have a child ! let 's get into it ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34. Peter look to Jack and say in disbelief : peter you tell he ? Jack sigh . Francis say eagerly : francis it 's ok . that 's what we be here for . to start trust each other . I do not get it , by the way . why be not we celebrate ? peter ( quietly ) because I do not want to talk about it . francis why not ? Peter look away . he squint , mutter , and rub he temple . he say finally , throw he hand into the air : peter I guess because I always expect I would eventually get divorced , so have child be not , actually , part of my plan . francis ( gently ) well , you be never go to do better than Alice , and what 's the point in get marry if -- jack why would you expect to get divorced ? peter ( agitate ) I do not know . I love Alice ! maybe it relate to how we be raise . Francis nod . he shake he head . he say , move : francis come here . Francis take Peter 's and Jack 's hand and hold they . francis I be go to save this for later in the itinerary , but I think it 's time . there 's ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 35 . francis ( cont 'd ) a ceremony I want we to do where you each take one of this peacock feather -- ( search he pocket ) -- and go off into the wilderness and meditate for -- ( suddenly realize ) I give they to Brendan . anyway , we will do it after the next stop . jack that guy be laugh at we . Jack point to a group of six thirteen - year- old boy in school uniform of bright blue shirt and navy blue short stand on a patch of hard earth at the edge of a vacant lot with trash all over it . they stare at Francis , Peter , and Jack , smile and laugh at they good - naturedly . they be play cricket with a dirty , old , fade tennis ball . Francis shake he head admiringly . francis I love it here . this people be beautiful . peter they ’‘re play cricket with a tennis ball . the ball bounce into the street . Peter race over to it and kick it as hard as he can . it nail a wall and bounce back into he . he stop it and dribble crazily toward the laugh boy . he feint and dodge one of they , then kick the ball against a cement post . one of the boy intercept it on the rebound . Francis and Jack look surprised . Peter keep he cigarette in he mouth and he hand in he pocket while he play . he yell sharply : peter give I the ball ! one of the boy throw the ball to Peter . Peter bounce it a couple of time on the ground , then attempt a wild , windmill - style cricket pitch . a boy with a cricket bat swat it back hard . Peter turn and duck but get hit in the back . the shoe-shine boy watch from over a fence . he hold the snakeskin loafer tuck under he arm . int . auto -rickshaw . day 27 a green , three - wheeled taxi with a yellow vinyl roof . Francis , Peter , and Jack ride three abreast in the back . the driver have a long moustache with curving , twisted end . they drive weaving through a chaotic spice market . Francis be script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28 29 36 . read Jack 's short story . Peter carefully lift the top flap of the cardboard box and stare inside . a young man on a bicycle pedal alongside they . he smile , put out he hand , and shout cheerily without slow down : man on bicycle hello ! how do you do ? Jack laugh . he shake hand quickly with the man on the bicycle . Francis fold up the short story and hand it to Jack . Jack put it into he pocket . he stare at Francis . francis it 's great . jack ( surprised ) really ? francis it 's so well - write . you remember it all so clearly . Peter get all frantic about try to get the car start -- and you with the suitcase . jack ( hesitates ) the character be all fictional . francis well , anyway , I think it 's the best thing you have ever write . jack ( move ) thank you . Peter stare distantly out the side of the auto-rickshaw . ext . depot . day 28 Francis run limping and hobbling on he cane with Peter and Jack help he behind the move train try to catch up as it pull out of the station . they jump onto the rear deck , one by one . int . corridor . day 29 Francis , Peter , and Jack stand in the corridor outside a very small compartment . there be two lap - top computer , a printer , a set of guidebook , a map of Asia , a bulletin board , and a laminate machine inside . Brendan look out at they from the open doorway . he hand Francis a manila envelope . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library brendan here 's the peacock feather , plus some instruction from the guru . ( curious ) what 's in the box ? francis we buy a snake . brendan ( concerned ) it 's get a skull - and -- francis let 's update I . 37 . Francis go with Brendan into the compartment and pull the door partly shut . he whisper : francis anything ? brendan ( pleased ) yeah . she get the message . francis ( pause ) and ? brendan ( puzzle ) what ? that 's it . francis that 's it ? she get the message ? you be satisfied with that ? brendan ( defensively ) well , she know you be come . francis ( pain ) do she want to see we ? Brendan look confuse . he swallow . he say quietly : brendan but she 's you mother . Francis look angry , wounded , and bewilder . he make a dismissive gesture . he go back into the corridor . he look script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 38 . at Peter and Jack desperately . they look uncertain but concerned . Francis suddenly unbuckle he belt , take it off , and hold it out to Peter . francis happy birthday . from last year . Peter take the belt and immediately start put it on over he suit jacket . peter I can not accept this . it 's too valuable . francis it 's get one wrong initial , but you can paint over it . it 's from I and Jack . Jack look at the belt and nod . int . compartment 40/41 . day 30 the blind be shut , and the sun come in at the edge of the window . Peter lie in the top bunk under the sheet with a sleep mask on . the cardboard box with the skull - and - crossbone on it be beside he . Francis recline in the lower bunk , and Jack be in the adjoin room . they both lie on top of they cover , fully dress but asleep . Jack have a towel over he face . numerous drug strip -pack , bottle , and vial cover the vanity . empty highball glass and cigarette butt litter the room . there be a knock on the door . Francis open he eye . he frown and shout : francis yeah ? rita 's voice say through the compartment door : rita ( 0.s. ) would you like tea ? francis ( hesitates ) ok . rita slide the door open and come into the compartment carry a tea-tray with cup , saucer , and a pot of tea . there be a cart in the corridor . she shut the door . she study the room briefly . she set the tray on the fold - out table and pour three cup . Francis sit up on the edge of he bunk . Peter pull one edge of he sleep mask up and look down at rita curiously . Jack come into the room groggily and stand lean in the adjoin doorway . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 39 . rita pick up a pack of cigarettes off the floor . she take one out and light it . she crack open the window and sit down in a chair next to the fold - out table . she tap she ash into Peter 's flower pot with the candle in it . Francis , Peter , and Jack stare at rita as she smoke . her mascara be smear . she say quietly : rita I get to get off this train . Jack hesitates . rita stub out she cigarette . she stand up , close the window , cross the room , and slide open the compartment door . she look back . she go out and shut the door behind she . silence . francis what 's she name again ? jack ( quietly ) rita . Peter whisper something incomprehensible from the top bunk . Francis and Jack look at each other , puzzle . they climb up to stand on the lower bunk and peer over the side of Peter 's mattress . Peter be freeze . he have pull up the sleep mask to the top of he head . the lid be open on the cardboard box . jack what would you say ? peter ( whisper intensely ) there 's a hole in it . he escape . francis ( confuse ) no , he do not . how ? Francis , Peter , and Jack stare into the box . a piece of lettuce be inside , but the snake be go . a flap on the side be loose . Francis and Jack look at each other , alarmed . Francis motion quickly for Peter to remain still . he whisper to Jack : francis peel back the sheet . Jack nod . he slowly peel the sheet off Peter 's body . there be nothing there . Peter breathes heavily . Francis say calmly : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31 40 . francis we be good so far , Peter . keep go , Jack . Jack whip the sheet away . Peter scream . he bolt out of he bunk and leap down , crash onto the floor . Francis and Jack be knock aside . they slam into the wall , bang over glass , bottle , and suitcase . Peter kick he leg , shaking they in the air , and rub he hand rapidly across himself , search . he stop . he look up and down . he look to Francis and Jack . he be dress only in pink boxer short . peter where be he ? Francis and Jack shake they head . Peter scan the room intently . he look terrify . peter there he be ! Peter throw open the compartment door and dart out into the corridor . Francis and Jack race out after he , knock a open suitcase out of the room and break a glass . int . corridor . day 31 Francis , Peter , and Jack cower halfway down the car . Peter shout furiously : peter now you believe I , asshole ? the two german woman , a elderly couple , and the grey-haire all man watch stand in they compartment doorway . the chief steward stride down the corridor with rita behind he . he see shirt , sock , and break glass on the floor . he look to Francis , Peter , and Jack with a incredulous expression . Francis say reluctantly : francis I think a snake might have get onboard . the chief steward walk past the compartment . rita start to peer into the room . Jack pull she back by the elbow . jack do not go in there , rita . the chief steward look back at Jack and frown . he go into the galley and come out with a spatula and a ice bucket . he hand the ice bucket to rita . he disappear into the compartment . there be a loud bang and some shuffle script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32 41 . sound . Francis , Peter , Jack , and rita look at each other nervously . the chief steward lunge into the corridor with the snake looped over the end of the spatula . he flip it around and pinch it by the throat . Francis brighten . francis you get he ! the chief steward go over to rita , drop the snake into the ice bucket , and clamp the lid over it . he say something briskly in Hindi , and rita walk out of the car . he look at Francis , Peter , and Jack . int . compartment 40/41 . day 32 the chief steward move slowly through the room , observe the clothes , personal article , airline bottle of liquor , and dirty ashtray strewn everywhere . Francis , Peter , and Jack watch , uneasy . the chief steward say gravely : chief steward I be kick you off at the next station . Francis , Peter , and Jack look stunne . Francis hesitates . he plead respectfully : francis please , do not do that . we be very sorry . it will not happen again . chief steward I know it will not . the chief steward sniff the air . he say sharply : chief steward what 's that smell ? jack ( tragically ) voltaire , number six . the chief steward look puzzle . he cross into the adjoin compartment . he see the drug strip -pack , bottle , and vial on the vanity . he pick up a handful and examine they . he turn to Francis , Peter , and Jack and say shortly : chief steward do you have a prescription for this ? francis ( hesitates ) a prescription . I almost die . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42. silence . Francis look to Peter and Jack . francis give I a second . Francis motion for Peter and Jack to step out of the room . he shut the adjoin door . he stare at the chief steward . he take a stack of money out of he pocket and hold it out . the chief grab the bill and jam they into Francis ' breast pocket . chief steward that animal be deadly poisonous , and you bring he onto my train . francis ( wearily ) we do not know that . it be a accident . we be just try to experience something . the chief steward whip open the compartment door . Peter and Jack stand listen in front of it . Francis say earnestly : francis it 's important to we . Peter and Jack look concerned and vaguely menace . a walkie- talkie on the chief steward 's belt make a static sound , and a voice come over it talk in scratchy Hindi . the chief steward frown . he press a button on the walkie-talkie and respond rapidly in Hindi . he look at Francis , Peter , and Jack . they deflate . the chief steward soften slightly . he sigh . chief steward you be confine to you compartment until further notice . Francis , Peter , and Jack nod respectfully , relieved . the chief steward start out of the room . Peter ask sadly : peter be we snake get confiscate ? the chief steward look stupefy . he can not bring himself to answer . he slide open the door , walk out of the compartment , and slam the door shut behind he . Peter squint , mutter , and rub he temple . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 B 32a 32b 32c 43. int . sikh temple . day 35 B a vast , white , marble room with a elaborate gold altar at the front . a large number of people sit on the floor chant and praying . the man have beard and wear turban , and the woman wear long scarve drape over they head . two old man type at a outdated computer with a dot-matrix printer . people circle around they sing a change verse in punjabi over and over . Francis , Peter , and Jack sit near the back of the crowd . each wear a different brightly - color silk handkerchief knotted awkwardly around he head . Francis ' eye be close and he hand be fold . he lean forward and press he face to the floor . Peter bounce and hum with the music , sing along vaguely to himself . Jack look up at a series of image tack onto the wall . they depict man be scalp , behead , and boil in oil . Jack look intrigue . Francis open he eye and look up to Peter and Jack . he frown . francis be you guy not go to try to pray ? Peter and Jack lean forward and press they face to the floor . they pray silently . Jack whisper : jack you think it 's work ? do we feel something ? peter I hope so . francis it 's get to . cur to : 32a dusk . the rear deck of the caboose . Francis , Peter , and Jack smoke cigarettes . cur to : 32b night . the dining car . Francis , Peter , and Jack sit at the bar drink whiskey highball . CUT to : 32c Morning . compartment 40/41 . Francis , Peter , and Jack lie in they bunk . Francis say quietly : francis do you trust I ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33 44 , loud footstep stomp past overhead along the roof of the train . Francis flip on a light and sit up quickly . Jack come in from the adjoin compartment . Peter lean over the side of he bunk and look up at the ceiling . Jack open the blind , revealing that they be in the middle of the desert . he say curiously : jack where be we ? ext . desert . day 33 a high plain with die tree , scrub , and rock . there be nothing in sight . Francis , Peter , and Jack come out of the train in they pajamas . Peter and Jack have on rabbit slipper . Francis wear a rabbit slipper on one foot and a loafer on the other . Peter tie knot in one of the handkerchief and wear it on he head . a few other passenger and train staff member lean out the window or stand around curiously . Three maintenance engineer in greasy jumpsuit tinker at the engine hatch with wrench and a crowbar . a barefoot boy in khaki pants and a T-shirt stand on a cement post chew on a hunk of sugar cane . two waiter and a porter in a red turban sit crouch on the ground around a large map with rock hold down its corner . they talk quickly in Hindi . Brendan look over they shoulder . Francis , Peter , and Jack approach they . francis what 's go on , Brendan ? Brendan shake he head . he seem confuse and worried . brendan I do not know . I guess the train 's lose . jack ( to Peter ) what would he say ? peter he say the train 's lose . jack how can a train be lose ? it 's on rail . brendan apparently , we take a wrong turn at some point last night . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . francis that 's crazy . jack how far off course be we ? brendan ( shrug ) nobody know . we have not locate we yet . francis ( immediately ) say that again . brendan ( hesitates ) what ? francis repeat what you just say . brendan ( simply ) we have not locate we yet . francis ( loudly ) Ho ! ha ! be that symbolic ? Brendan look confuse . Francis turn to Peter and Jack and say energetically : francis we. have not locate . us. yet ! ( to Brendan ) where 's that feather at ? brendan in the envelope I give you this morning . Francis point to a power - line tower in the distance and say to Peter and Jack : francis meet I on top of that thing out there . 34 CUT to : 34 Peter and Jack wait in the shadow of the power- line tower . Francis approach from the train stop on the track 400 yard away . he carry the manila envelope jamme into he jacket pocket . he stop . he take Peter 's and Jack 's hand and hold they . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46. francis the guru tell I when the moon turn -- Francis hesitates . he look freeze . he say suddenly : francis do you trust I ? Peter and Jack hesitate . Francis say gravely : francis I hire a private detective to track down Mom . she 's live at a convent in the foothills of the himalayas . we will be there in six day . Jack look astonished . Peter stare into space blankly . Francis take three peacock feather out of the envelope . he give one to Peter and one to Jack . Jack say finally : jack how be that possible ? francis I guess she become a nun , apparently . you know what she 's like . jack a nun ? Francis nod . he shrug . jack do you talk to she ? francis no , I do not . jack do she know we be come ? francis I think so . peter ( horrify ) what make you think she want to see we ? francis I be sure she do not -- but maybe she do . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47. jack why do not you tell we sooner ? francis because I be try to protect you from all the painful emotion this be probably go to stir up . peter well , be not you kind of do that right now ? francis ( solemnly ) yeah . I be scared , too . she 's obviously suffer some kind of mental collapse , and we get to go get she and bring she back home . actually , it 's in the itinerary , but I put it down as tbd . jack ( pause ) what be she say no ? francis it 's possible . she might resist -- but I learn some suppression technique for how to handle that safely . Jack look surprised . he start laugh quietly . Peter start laugh bitterly . Francis smile . francis why be you laugh ? peter you do not tell we because we never would have come here if we know about it . Francis hesitates . Jack take a hard swig from he bottle of cough medicine . Peter say to himself : peter I be go to hold this in for a little while . a camel walk by slowly in the distance . the chief steward shout from the train : chief steward all aboard ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 36 48. Francis collect the feather from Peter and Jack and return they to the envelope . they head back toward the train . Jack take another swig of cough medicine . francis be you go to drink that whole bottle of cough medicine ? that 's a dumb way to get load . int . compartment 40/41 . day 35 the train be move again . Francis , Peter , and Jack be dress . they eat grill cheese sandwich . Francis say to Peter and Jack : francis let 's look at the itinerary . peter fuck the itinerary . Francis sigh . he say suddenly to Peter , aside : francis I think I need to get that belt back , after all , because it cost $ 6000 and be make special for I . we will get you a different present . peter ( long pause ) I do not think so . francis ( frown ) what do that mean ? peter it mean there 's be too much indian - give over the year . Francis glare at Peter . Peter stare back at he impassively . Jack stand up and walk out of the room . int . corridor . evening 36 back on the train . Jack knock on a compartment door . letter paint above it read staff quarter . it slide open , and rita look out . she be dress in a more formal version of she sari-uniform with embroidery and gold trim . she smoke a cigarette . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 . jack this guy be drive I crazy . be there a empty compartment I can move into ? rita put on she glass . she say evenly : rita no , there be not . we be fully book . jack I really want to kiss you . rita stare at Jack passively . Jack say simply : jack can I ? pause . rita answer in a quiet , resolute voice : rita no. jack ( hesitates ) no ? Jack look confuse . a bell ring on the wall next to the window . rita ignore it . Jack whisper : jack but we already do it . why -- rita I have a boyfriend . jack ( pause ) you do . rita actually , I just break up with he , or I be about to . in a way , it 's good timing , but it 's also bad timing . I be confuse . Jack press he hair back off he forehead . the bell on the wall ring twice more . the lavatory door inside rita 's compartment sway with the movement of the train . a mirror on it reveal rita 's back in the reflection . her sari-uniform be unzip down to the middle of she ass . she have a tattoo of a little tiger . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50. jack I really need someone to talk to right now , and I feel like you might be very important to I in my life . rita ( surprised ) really ? I think -- I mean , thank you . jack ( long pause ) can you say anything more about that ? rita I would kiss you , but I be confuse . Jack nod . he say quietly : jack do not be . rita all right . Jack come into the compartment and close the door . he kiss rita . he slide he hand down she body . he say suddenly : jack let 's go to Italy . rita ( pause ) how ? the bell ring four time in a row . rita slide the door open and shove Jack out of the room . she shut the door . Jack stand slightly daze with lipstick smear on he face . he walk down the corridor . the chief steward come into the car . he be dress in a more formal version of he turban and Nehru jacket with embroidery and gold trim . he see Jack . he say to he furiously : chief steward what would I tell you ? get back in you room ! there be a loud bang sound from inside compartment 40/41 . Jack look to the chief steward curiously . he slide the door open . Peter hold a light cigarette in one hand and a flame newspaper in the other . he shake the burn newspaper in script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 51. the air , try to put it out . he throw it in the sink and turn on the tap . he look to Jack and the chief steward . Jack go into the room and shut the door behind he . rita come out of she compartment at the other end of the car . she see the chief steward . she turn around and go in the opposite direction . the chief steward say loudly : chief steward what 's happen ? rita ( without stop ) what do you mean ? the chief steward hurry to catch rita . she slide open the door at the end of the corridor . they stop in the space between the two car . the chief steward yell over the noise of the wind and clack wheel : chief steward I ring the bell ! rita I will be right there . rita open the door and start to go . the chief steward grab she arm . chief steward wait a second ! rita look back at the chief steward . chief steward what 's go on with this brother ? 40/41 ! rita ( pause ) I think they be ok . chief steward they be be disorderly ! rita I will talk to they . chief steward this car be you responsibility ! rita I understand . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52. chief steward can you handle this ? rita yes . rita open the door and start to go again . the chief steward grab she arm again . chief steward wait a second ! rita look back at the chief steward and say sharply : rita what ? chief steward ( frustrated ) what 's happen ? rita ( pain ) what do you mean ? chief steward have I offended you ? rita no . chief steward what do I do ? rita let I go . the chief steward release rita 's arm . she go into the next car . the chief steward watch she anxiously . she walk away down the corridor . 37 int . compartment 40/41 . night 37 Peter shave at the vanity with he shirt off . he use a old , silver razor . Francis lie on the bottom bunk smoking a cigarette . Jack sit next to the window drink a whiskey highball . Francis frown and say to Peter suddenly : francis be that dad 's razor ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 53. peter ( hesitates ) yeah . francis can I say something ? peter ( uneasy ) what ? francis you do not have permission to take he property that belong to all of we and use it for yourself as if it 's yours . Jack agree with that . right , Jack ? Francis look to Jack for support . Jack take a sip of he drink and stare into space blankly . Francis continue : francis plus , dad would have hate it . peter ( shocked ) why ? francis ( shrug ) that 's my opinion . I know he well . silence . Peter say quietly : peter that 's a terrible thing to say . francis well , I do not mean it to be . I just do not want you to feel like you be better friend with he than we be or something weird like that . also , you can not leave you wife just because she 's pregnant . Jack agree with that , too . right -- jack ( quietly ) stop include I . peter ( steely ) I be he favorite . he tell I that with blood all over he , lie in the street , right before he die . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library + o ee 54 . Peter walk out of the room , into the adjoin compartment . Francis look to Jack and shake he head . francis how 's that suppose to make we feel ? jack I want my passport back . Francis frown . he raise he voice : francis you know what ? you be a drug addict -- all of we ! Peter say loudly from the adjoin room : peter ( 0.s. ) Francis ! Francis lean from the mirror into the adjoin doorway . Peter stand across from he with the belt in he hand . Francis say bluntly : francis what ? peter here 's you belt . Peter throw the belt as hard as he can into Francis ' face . the leather slap across Francis 's eye , and the buckle snap hard into the bandage on he forehead . a line of blood run quickly from beneath the gauze above he eyebrow down along the side of he nose . Peter look angry but worried . Jack 's mouth fall open . Francis charge into Peter , and they tangle into a furious , scrabbling clutch . they smash into the wall and door as they try to bang they fist into each other 's face . Francis holler in pain : francis my shoulder ! Peter look alarmed and ease he hold on Francis . Francis elbow Peter brutally in the jaw . Jack shout : jack stop ! Jack drink he drink in one sip , throw he glass on the floor , and rush to intervene . he be immediately knock script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 55 . into the side of the washbasin . he retreat . he watch the fight , concerned . he run back into the adjoin room . Jack heave he trunk onto the bench seat , snap the latch free , and throw open the lid . he dig among stack of novel , a dictionary , pen , pencil , notebook , a flashlight , bottle of water , a camera , and pile of clothes . he find he can of pepper spray . he fiddle with the trigger and snap a small , metal capsule into the base . it cock like a automatic . he cross back into the other room . Francis hold he cane around Peter 's neck in a strict headlock , squeezing vigorously while Peter 's face turn bright red . Peter dig he finger under the bandage on Francis 's head . the two brother buck fitfully on the floor , bang into thing , shouting , and grunt . francis you do not love I ! peter yes , I do ! jack I love you , too , but I be go to mace you in the face ! Francis and Peter ignore Jack and continue fight . Jack take a deep breath and hold it . he fire the pepper spray at he brother . it make a pop and hiss . silence . Francis and Peter erupt into craze scream , paw at they eye and gasp for breath . Jack look pain and scared . Francis grab at Jack 's ankle . Jack throw open the compartment door and retreat into the corridor . he watch as Francis and Peter slowly stagger to they foot , cough and wheeze . Francis look at Jack , squinting . Jack say freeze : jack I have to do it . Francis lunge at Jack . Jack kick he . he run to the end of the car , throw open the door , and head into the next coach . Jack turn around to face the door . he take a step backwards . he insert a fresh capsule into he can of pepper spray . he raise the cannister and wait . the door open , and Jack mace Francis and Peter again . Francis and Peter scream and choke , claw at they eye . Jack shout : jack stop include I ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 38 56 . Jack turn and sprint away . he run past the two german woman , who look out from they compartment doorway , angry and frighten . he open the door at the end of the car and race into the next coach . he slam full - speed into the slide glass door to the dining room and blast though it , shatter glass everywhere . the passenger at they table be take aback and stare at Jack , stunne . some people have on party hat . a banner hang from the ceiling read welcome gala ! there be streamer and balloon everywhere . Jack lie on he back on the floor , cover with glitter shard and splinter . the chief steward stride toward Jack from the other end of the dining car with a icy look on he face . ext . depot . night 38 the train be stop at a desert station . the door to the ticket office be close and padlock . Francis , Peter , and Jack stand on the platform next to they luggage in a large pile . they suitcase be partly unlatch , and bit of clothes stick out of they . a laundry bag have be hastily fill with shoe , book , toiletry , etc . Francis and Peter have brightly bloodshot eye which they blink and squint , rub they continuously . tear continue to stream down they face . they wheeze . Francis ' false tooth be now miss . ( note : it be never replace . ) two porter in red turban come out of the train and stack the printer and laminate machine with the luggage . Brendan come out after they wear a bathrobe and carry two duffel bag . he look confuse . brendan the next train 's in twenty - four hour . I will find we a hotel . this come in . Brendan hand Francis a bright yellow envelope . brendan why be you eye all red ? Francis frown . he snap bitterly : francis why be you head so bald ? Brendan recoil . he say quietly , disappointed : brendan because I have alopecia . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 57. francis ( hesitates ) yeah , I know . that 's like albino , right ? brendan not really . Peter shake he head in disgust . Francis point at Jack and say to Brendan : francis Jack mace we . Brendan nod . he stare at Francis for a long minute . he reach into he pocket , take out a small , plastic , electrical adapter with three large , brass prong , and hand it to Francis . he turn away and get back on the train with he duffel bag . Francis stare down at the adapter in he hand . he say , worried : francis be I just mean to Brendan ? peter ( with contempt ) he 's not come back . he just quit . francis ( sadly ) he do , do not he ? the chief steward appear in the open doorway and look out from the train . his eye be cold . Francis yell desperately : francis can we at least get we snake back ? chief steward it 's dead . peter ( horrify ) you kill he ? the chief steward shrug . Peter throw he hand up in the air , wounded . the chief steward slam the door shut and pull the latch close . Francis grit he tooth and whacks the door with he cane . Peter see the two german woman watch from they open window . one of they say : german woman shame on you . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58. Peter clenches he fist and look like he be about to explode . he stammer : peter kraut ! the german woman close they window coolly , unfaze . Jack say to Francis : jack you fake tooth 's go . Francis check the gap in he mouth with he finger . he mutter : francis fuck . Jack walk alongside the train to the next coach . rita sit look out the window with she arm drape over the windowsill . she have tear all over she face . jack do you get mace , too ? rita no , I be cry . rita hand Jack a small , paper sack . she look to Francis and Peter . they look back at she blankly . she say to Jack : rita what 's wrong with you ? jack ( pause ) let I think about that . i'1l tell you the next time I see you . rita ( withdraw ) sure . tell I then . jack ( genuinely ) thanks for use I . rita look puzzle . she smile sadly : rita you be welcome . Jack nod . rita stare at Jack . the train start to move . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 59 . jack good-bye , rita . Jack turn and walk away . Francis yell : francis so long , sweet lime ! the train begin to pick up speed . Peter pick up a rock and throw it at one of the car . Francis and Jack pick up more rock and pelt the train repeatedly . frightened passenger watch from they window . the train pull away , out of the station . Francis , Peter , and Jack see the old man from the train stand at the other end of the platform . a red car pull up to the station and honk its horn . Francis , Peter , and Jack hesitate . the old man quickly get into the car . he say something to the driver in Hindi . he look briefly at Francis , Peter , and Jack and pull away , spitting gravel . Francis , Peter , and Jack stand alone on the platform . cricket chirp . Francis open the yellow envelope and take out a piece of paper and unfold it . Peter and Jack look at it over he shoulder . it be a typewritten letter . Francis read out loud : francis dear boy -- the platform light automatically switch off with a clack . silence . ext . potato field . night Francis , Peter , and Jack walk on a rutte dirt road in the dark lug all they baggage . Jack roll he trunk behind he . Francis push a small trolley with the printer and laminate machine stack on it and secure with string . Peter carry two suitcase on he head . they carefully cross a narrow board over a dry ditch . Francis stare at the letter as they walk . a woman read in voice - over : woman' voice ( v.o. ) -- bad timing ! this morning I receive the detail of you travel plan ina document send to I from a man name Brendan . Francis pass the letter to Peter . the woman 's voice continue : woman' voice ( v.o. ) unfortunately , I can not receive you now . a neighbor village require we urgent ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 60. woman' voice ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) care and assistance due to a emergency , not to mention delay in the construction of we guest quarter and the recent arrival of a man-eate tiger . Peter pass the letter to Jack . the woman 's voice continue : woman' voice ( v.o. ) also , frankly , there be not much to eat . I suggest you come in the spring when you will be safe with I . you must know how sad I be to experience this long separation . I be yearn to see my boy . Jack pass the letter back to Francis . the woman 's voice continue : woman' voice ( v.0 . ) I hope you will eventually understand and forgive I . God bless you and keep you with Mary 's benevolent guidance and the light of Christ 's endure grace . all my love , you mother , sister Patricia Whitman . Francis fold up the piece of paper and put it into he pocket . he say quietly : francis that sound like bullshit to I . jack I , too . peter obviously . francis she 's try to sell we a vacuum cleaner . ext . gravel pit . night 40 Francis , Peter , and Jack sit on they suitcase around a small fire make from stick and garbage . Jack look inside the paper sack . he take out a foil packet of cocktail nut and cracker label savory snack and a bottle of airline gin and hand they to Francis . he take out a foil packet of chocolate and caramel label sweet snack and a bottle of airline vodka and hand they to Peter . he open a bottle of airline Grand marnier and downs it in one sip . silence . francis let 's get high . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 61. Peter and Jack nod . Francis take out one of he vial of amber liquid . they each drop three drop under they tongue with the pipette . Peter say suddenly with he voice choke up : peter I be sorry . Francis look surprised . he nod and say with feel : francis I , too . peter I be not try to aim for you face . francis it do not matter . it 's already demolish . let 's go home . Peter nod . Francis continue sadly : francis she do not want to see we , anyway . jack ( disappointed ) you do not think so ? not even on some primordial level ? peter ( softly ) no. francis she 's be disappear all we life . we be not raise to be treat like that . it 's just not do . jack maybe this be how it 's suppose to happen . it could all be part of it . maybe this be where the spiritual journey end . pause . Francis suddenly grab he briefcase , snap it open , and take out the manila envelope . he reach into it . he pull out the three peacock feather . he hand one to Peter and one to Jack . francis do you read the instruction ? Peter and Jack nod distractedly . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 62. francis ok . let 's do it . Francis , Peter , and Jack each walk away in a different direction , into the darkness , count fifty pace out loud . they stop in the distance . Francis dig in the ground and chant to himself . Peter spin around in a circle three time and kneel down on one knee . Jack throw he feather into the air , release it with the wind . they clench they fist and shout . Francis , Peter , and Jack reconvene around the fire . Jack say strangely : jack which direction do yours go ? francis ( puzzle ) what do you mean ? jack you feather . mine blow towards the mountain . francis ( appal ) that 's not right . it 's not suppose to get blow away . you blow on it -- Francis pantomime blow on a feather . francis -- then bury it . peter I do not get that . I still have mine . Peter hold up he feather . Francis look frustrated . he say , pain : francis you guy do not do it right . I ask if you read the instruction . you do it wrong . Francis cover he hand over he eye and shake he head . he try to contain himself . he stammer : francis I try my hardest . I do not know what else to do . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 63. Francis lift he hand off he eye . Peter and Jack look at he desolately . they sit back down around the fire . Peter take off he sunglass and look at they . he say quietly : peter I do not think dad would have hate it . francis ( distantly ) well , I be sure he would have be flatter , anyway -- whether he think it be in good taste or not . jack do he really say you be he favorite ? peter ( pause ) I do not know . I could barely understand he . he be not really breathe . silence . Jack look up at the star . jack I wonder if the three of we could have be friend in real life . not as brother , but as people . peter ( pause ) we might have have a better chance , I guess . francis ( brighten desperately ) let 's make another agreement : we will all come back in the spring when the flower start to -- peter ( harshly ) we be never come back here . let 's just find a airport and go we separate way . Jack take out two airline bottle of rum and cognac and hand they to Francis and Peter . he say wistfully : jack would not it sound great if you could hear a train go by off in the distance right now ? peter not really . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41 64 . francis it would probably be annoying . ext . river . day 41 daybreak . Francis , Peter , and Jack walk together lug they baggage along the bank of a fast-rush river . Francis hit a bump with he trolley . a string snap , and the printer and laminate machine tip off the top of it and smash down onto the ground . Francis , Peter , and Jack pause . they look down at the damage printer and break laminate machine . they look at each other . the start walk again . Francis point : francis look . in the middle of the river , there be a flimsy raft mount on four oil drum with rope looped under it reach to the bank . Three boy ride on it . one be ten , one be eight , and one be six . they wear white cloth around they waist and carry large basket of vegetable . one have a white scarf around he shoulder . they pull the raft across the river , through the swift current , on a rope cable stretch in the air over the water . Francis , Peter , and Jack watch they . Jack 's say calmly : jack that 's go to tip over . the raft bounce once , a rope snap , and it flip . the basket tumble and radish spill everywhere . the boy fall into the churn water and hang on desperately . Francis , Peter , and Jack watch , shocked . Peter say under he breath : peter go. Francis , Peter , and Jack drop they suitcase , sprint to the river , and splash in , wading quickly into the deeper water . Jack lose he foot and start to get sweep away . he reach out and shout : jack Francis ! Francis grab Jack 's hand and grip the cable tightly . Peter lead they hand - over-hand along the rope . the three boy cling to the upturn raft . they look terrify . Francis yell to Jack : francis grab the little one ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42 65 . Jack scoot along the edge of the raft to the smallest of the boy . he grab the boy' arm and loop it around he neck . he yell : jack do not let go of I ! Francis and Peter pull themselves onto the upturn raft and crawl over the oil drum to the other two boy on the far side . the raft rock and tilt . they struggle to balance . Francis tug the oldest boy out of the water . he and the boy scramble back across the oil drum to the rope . the current shift , and the raft flip again , righting itself , with Peter and the middle boy brace themselves as it swing through the air and slam down with a crash . Francis yank the oldest boy clear and clutches the cable . he shout : francis Peter ! Jack yell from the shallow water , rush back toward the raft . the youngest boy crouch on the shore behind he , shiver . jack what happen ? Peter 's voice come from underneath the raft : peter ( 0.s. ) we be ok ! we be ok ! CUT to : 42 Peter and the middle boy in a dark space between the oil drum . Peter clutches the boy with one arm and hang onto the slat above with the other . the sound of the rush water echoe against the hollow metal . the boy spit as he bob in the water . he tug on a scarf wrap around he , knotted and twisted , catch on one of the oil drum . Peter jerk at it . he say as he try to tear the cloth : peter do you speak English ? the boy nod with he eye wide , tremble and terrify . peter great ! I will be right back ! I be go see what 's get you ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43 66 . Peter duck underwater . the boy' eye dart around nervously . Peter resurface . he say , smile warmly : peter you have get yourself all tangle up , do not you , pal ? well , I be go to get you out of this ! sit tight ! Peter start rip away at the tangle fabric . he try to make conversation : peter how old be you ? the boy do not respond . Peter continue : peter be you guy brother ? the boy do not answer . Peter pull at a hunk of wire , strain to break the boy free . peter you do not want to say anything ? ( pause ) well , here 's a icebreaker : my wife 's pregnant ! she 's go to have a baby ! can you believe that ? I be scared ! the boy laugh . Peter laugh . CUT to : 43 Francis hang onto Jack 's hand , reach toward the raft , while Jack grip the cable with he other hand . the oldest boy cling to Jack with he arm around he neck . Francis shout to Peter : francis why be you still under there ? Peter yell something undecipherable from beneath the raft . the rope slacken with a jolt . Jack turn quickly . the post that the cable be attach to bend slowly . Jack watch , freeze . he say to himself curiously : jack it 's stretch . on the far shore , a knot around a tree break , and the rope snap free . the raft shoot away , spin . Francis shout to Jack : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 67. francis hang on ! Francis and Jack grip the break cable as they be sweep downstream until the rope jerk taut . they whirl into a tangle of reed and branch at the shore with the oldest boy . they watch the raft careen into the distance . Peter surface for a instant , gasp and swim desperately to try to stop the raft . he go under again . the raft bump in the rapid and disappear suddenly over a bank of rock . Francis and Jack race up to the dirt road and bolt down the river after Peter . they look freak out . Francis grimace and hop a step on he bad leg . the other boy run after they . Jack sprint ahead , hurtle and slide in the brush . they run one full minute without a word . Jack snap from the bramble and shout : jack Peter ! Peter wade from the shallow water below , hold the middle boy tightly in he arm . planks of the demolish raft and smashed oil drum float behind they . blood rush freely from Peter 's scalp and flow over the entire side of he face . the boy 's arm hang limp , and the wet cloth over he body be red with blood . Jack scream back to Francis : jack he 's all bloody ! Jack start down the embankment and fall , roll over the gravel . he pick himself up by the river and splashes out to Peter . Francis and the other two boy catch up in the background . Peter shake he head and say rapidly , matter - of - fact : peter he 's dead . he 's dead . jack ( blankly ) he 's dead ? peter the rock kill he . jack you be bleed like crazy . Jack press he hand against a laceration above Peter 's temple . Francis yell as he approach : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 45 68. francis Peter ! you be ok ! peter I do not save mine . everyone gather around Peter , breathe hard . they look at the dead boy . Peter look to the oldest boy and ask : peter what 's he name ? ext . wheat field . day 44 Francis , Peter , and Jack walk across the scrub , past bony , graze cow , with the two survive boy . they be drench , and Peter be bloody . he carry the dead boy on he shoulder . a group of old woman hold basket of grain stop and stare . a small man with a wheelbarrow begin to walk alongside they , curious and concerned . Children gather , chatter nervously . Francis , Peter , and Jack reach the edge of a village . there be thatched hut and clay brick house . agitate people run out to meet they , yell in Hindi . more voice shout in the distance . dog circle . a large man with a thick moustache and a horrify look on he face rush up to Peter , shouting . he lift the dead boy away , into he arm . he say something rapidly and grimace . he be the father . he dash into the village follow by the two survive boy and most of the bystander . Francis , Peter , and Jack be leave stand with the small man and some other child , who all stare at they . a teenage boy in a school uniform of a red shirt and orange pants say something loudly to they in Hindi and dart off . Francis , Peter , and Jack look at each other , weary and lose . the teenage boy come back quickly carry a metal pot fill with water . he offer it to they . Francis , Peter , and Jack share a drink . int . hut . day 45 a small , open room on a courtyard . brightly color card depict deity and mythological scene be tack to the wall . Francis , Peter , Jack , and the two survive boy sit on the dirt floor at a low table . they wear white cloth wrap around they , and Peter have a large bandage tape over the side of he forehead . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46 47 69 . numerous people come in and out of the room and cross busily through the courtyard speak to each other in Hindi and shaking hand with and bow to Francis , Peter , and Jack . everyone stare at they continuously with kind eye . woman in saris attend to they , pour cup of tea and serve bowl of rice . a thin , smile man drape white towel over they shoulder . a tall man in a long , white shirt and glass come into the room and walk through carry a black doctor 's bag . he be bald and have a white beard . he open the door to the next courtyard . there be chaotic shout and continual , intense sobbing . he go out and close the door . ext . courtyard . day 46 Francis ' , Peter 's , and Jack 's suit , shirt , and sock hang drying from a clothesline outside . five man in loin-cloth arrive with Francis ' , Peter 's , and Jack 's luggage , carry the bag and suitcase on they head and pull the trunk in a wagon . Francis lie on he back on a mat on the ground . crouch child stare down at he . a woman in a yellow sari hold a sleep baby with its hair stick up funny . the baby 's hand grip Peter 's finger . Three man stand next to they , watch . one of they say something quietly in Hindi . the mother offer the baby for Peter to hold . Peter breathes slowly as he take the baby and cradle it into he arm . other gather closer . Peter look up at the mother . he seem move and daze . Jack sit in the grass with three girl help they string flower together in long strand . one of they pick up a beetle off the ground and throw it . in the next courtyard , the dead boy lie on a rug on the ground in front of a hut with a sheet over the lower half of he body . with the help of two other man , the father pour water over the boy' neck and chest and wash he skin with a sponge . another man sit on the floor bind bamboo pole together with length of rope to make the frame of a stretcher . a young woman kneel on the ground , watch . she be in shock . she be the mother . ext . road . day 47 Francis , Peter , and Jack wait with they luggage stack in a large pile at the side of a dirt highway . they wear they suit again . the teenage boy in the school uniform stand script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48 49 70 . next to they . he have a pink handkerchief in he shirt pocket . silence . Peter turn to the boy and say suddenly : peter can you explain that I almost have he ? the boy hesitates . he stare at Peter curiously . Peter continue : peter I lose he when we go off the rock -- he be too slippery -- but I have he the whole rest of the time . ( with a lump in he throat ) I want they to know that . the boy say something in Hindi . Peter nod . a bus appear in the distance . the boy step into the road and whip the handkerchief out of he pocket . he wave it in the air . the bus approach and come to a stop . it be decorate and personalize with colorful , hand - paint star , flower , and pattern which cover it entirely . cur to : 48 Francis , Peter , and Jack at the top of a ladder attach to the back of the bus . several young passenger riding on the roof help they strap they trunk and suitcase to a luggage platform . a sign paint above the rear bumper read horn please . int . bus . day 49 Francis , Peter , and Jack climb into the crowded bus and walk toward the back . the other passenger hold bundle of fabric , bag of grain , etc . they all stare from they seat as Francis , Peter , and Jack make they way down the aisle to the back . Francis , Peter , and Jack jam they hand - baggage into a overhead rack . a young man with two earring quickly move a patch up , old , cardboard box out of the way , and they squeeze into they seat . a skinny , old man in a multi - color turban smile at Francis brightly . Francis wave hello and nod wearily . the old man ask politely : old man what be you do in this place ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50 71 . francis ( distantly ) well , originally , I guess we come here on a spiritual journey -- but that do not really pan out . the old man nod seriously . the bus driver close the door . he put the bus in gear , honk the horn , and hit the gas . the two survive boy run into the road in front of the bus wave they arm and yell urgently . the teenage boy in the school uniform run behind they flutter he pink handkerchief . the bus driver honk again and stomp on the brake . the bus lurch to a stop . the driver throw the door open . the two survive boy poke they head inside and exchange word rapidly in Hindi with the driver . the driver look to the back of the bus . he point to Francis . Francis stand up and walk quickly to the front of the bus . Peter , Jack , and everyone else on -board watch as Francis , the driver , and the two survive boy speak in hushed voice . Francis nod . he walk back down the aisle . he kneel down on one knee . Peter and Jack lean in close to he . francis we be invite to the funeral . pause . Peter and Jack stand up . Francis help they take they bag back down from the overhead rack . everyone watch as they make they way to the front of the bus and exit . ext . village . day 50 Francis , Peter , and Jack come out of a hut . they be dress in they white pajamas and rabbit slipper . they walk past a three - wheeled flat - bed truck as two man in white tunic approach carry the body of the dead boy . it be strapped to the bamboo stretcher and wrap in white silk with string of flower all over it . the man place it on the back of the truck . Francis , Peter , and Jack pick up some stray flower off the ground and add they to the pile on the body . Francis , Peter , and Jack walk past a camel towing a cart fill with man in long white shirt and white pants . they help a old woman climb onto the back . they continue around a miniature step -van with three boy in white loin-cloth stand on the rear bumper . Peter take Francis ' and Jack 's hand and hold they as they walk . they arrive at a green auto-rickshaw with a yellow vinyl top . they get inside . the driver put the auto-rickshaw in gear , and the entire procession pull away . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 51 72 . cur to : 51 a cross-street on the upper east side of Manhattan . Francis , Peter , and Jack ride together in the back seat of a black limousine . they wear black suit with black shirt and black neck -ty . Francis ' face be perfectly intact . he have a pencil - thin moustache . Jack have no moustache . a thirty year - old woman in a black coat with a black dress sit opposite they in the jump -seat . she look calm and concerned . she have freckle and a English accent . she be Alice . a plastic card tuck under the windshield on the dashboard read Radio car 1121 across the top and have Whitman funeral hand - write beneath . there be a long antenna with a wire coiled in a spiral around the base mount on the hood and a c.b. - type radio with a handset next to the steering wheel . Francis , Peter , Jack , Alice , and the driver all smoke cigarettes . each stare off in a different direction . silence . peter I can not believe you just say that . francis why not ? it 's the truth . jack he do not really mean it . alice I think you be all tie for how much grief you feel . let 's leave it at that . pause . Jack say suddenly : jack when do Mom get in ? alice she 's go straight there from the airport . Peter lean forward and clasp Alice 's hand . she squeeze back . Peter 's leg jiggle restlessly . Alice gently place she hand on he knee , calming he . he reach up and flip a switch on the ceiling . the sunroof begin to open . he say suddenly : peter I want to pick up the car . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52 73. alice ( uneasy ) we be already late . peter tell the driver to take a right . Alice check she watch . Peter stand up out of the sunroof . Francis , Jack , and Alice look at each other , uneasy . Francis and Jack stand up out of the sunroof with Peter . Francis say anxiously : francis we do not have time . jack let 's do this later . peter ( with finality ) no , I want to get it now . Peter sit back down in the car . he dig into he pocket . he pull out a fold up slip of paper and open it . it be a auto-shop estimate with a business card staple to the top . he tear the business card off the paper , lean forward , and tap on the divider . peter Excuse I . I be sorry . we need to make a stop first at this address . Peter press the business card to the glass . the driver turn around and look at it . insert : the business card . it read luftwaffe Automotive : specialist in Fine german motor Cars . a address be print below . CUT to : 52 the limousine pull up in front of a service garage . a sign on the front gate say luftwaffe Auto repair and service . mercede , BMW , and porsche logo be paint across the top . Peter jump out of the car . he look back and yell : peter go ahead . I will be right behind you . Alice say uncertainly , lean out of the open car door : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 74. alice I think we should wait . peter ( frown ) why ? Peter jog into the parking lot . Alice look to Francis . Francis turn to Jack . Jack shrug . Francis take a deep breath and nod . he say to Alice gently : francis tell they we will be there in five minute . alice ( reassure ) ok . Francis and Jack get out of the car . the limousine drive away . Peter knock on the office door and ring the bell to the shop . he see something in the corner of the parking lot . he stride over to a car with a canvas cover over it . he whip it off and throw it on the ground . the car be a orange porsche 911 from the seventies . a buzzer buzze and a mechanic in he fifty wear clean overall swing the office door open . Peter look at he , hold up the estimate , and say immediately : peter I be here to pick up Mr. Whitman 's car . the mechanic answer with a slight german accent : mechanic Mr. Whitman 's car 's not ready . peter ( blankly ) what do you mean not ready ? mechanic we be still wait for a part . peter ( uncomprehend ) wait for a part ? mechanic I leave a message with he secretary . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 75 . peter that 's crazy . it 's be three month . he can not wait any longer . mechanic ( impatient ) well , he 's go to have to wait another week . I leave a message with he -- peter he do not get the message . Mr. Whitman be dead . you understand ? the mechanic seem confuse . he stammer : mechanic Jimmy Whitman ? peter yeah . mechanic ( quietly ) what happen ? peter he get hit by a taxi . mechanic ( stunne ) what ? no. Peter nod once . the mechanic 's voice crack as he say : mechanic it kill he ? peter yeah . ( strangely ) his change be scattered all over 72nd street . mechanic ( understanding ) you be he son . peter right -- and we be go to take this car to he funeral , which we be late for , right now . where be the key ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 76 . Peter be emotional and get agitate . he go back to the porsche and open the door . he pull a paper protector off the floor and throw it aside . he lift up the floor - mat and search for the key . he flip down the visor . Francis grab he arm . francis Peter , we will come back and get the car later , ok ? it 's not ready . Peter jerk he arm away . he get out of the car and walk past the mechanic . he go into the office . it be very tidy , with photograph of bavarian landscape and a racing calendar tack to the wall . he scan a wooden rack of key on hook . he see the set of key on the porsche key-chain . he grab they and go out of the office . Peter walk quickly back to the porsche and sit in the driver 's seat . he put in the key and try to turn it over . the car lurch and a puff of black smoke come out of the exhaust . the mechanic say strangely : mechanic the battery 's dead -- too . Peter pop the hood-latch and jump out of the car . he throw open the hood . one of the suitcase with the jungle pattern print and the initial j.l.w. stencill onto it be inside the trunk . Francis , Peter , and Jack stare at it . Francis point . francis there it be . that 's the other one . we find it . Jack grab the suitcase out of the trunk and set it on the hood of a park station wagon . Peter flip open the battery cover and fiddle with the connection . Francis and the mechanic stand together , watch . mechanic we be still wait for a part to come in from stuttgart . Francis nod . Jack snap open the lock on the suitcase and open it . it be fill with clothing and toiletry . he start unpack thing . Francis frown . francis what be you do ? jack this one 's mine . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 77. francis no , it 's not . we need to take it home and enter it into the inventory along with all the rest of the -- jack I be take this suitcase . Peter look up from under the hood of the porsche and say suddenly : peter be you go somewhere ? Jack hesitates . he say quietly : jack I do not know . Peter turn to the mechanic and say abruptly : peter where 's the charge ? the mechanic shake he head slightly . Peter stride past he into the garage , shouting : peter where 's the goddamn battery charge ? the mechanic follow Peter inside . Jack stare down at the suitcase and say sadly : jack I guess he never read my book . francis ( hesitates ) what be you talk about ? he tell I he love it . Jack hold up a manila envelope with a address , stamp , and a postmark on it . jack the envelope 's never be open . Jack rip open the envelope . insert : a hard - back book with a picture of a pink , cut - glass bottle of perfume on the dust - jacket . the label on the bottle read script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 78. voltaire no. 6 , La Petite mort . the title of the book be invisible ink and other story by Jack Whitman . a card stick out of the top say compliment of the author . Peter roll a large console with a power cord trail behind it out of the garage , over to the porsche , bang against fender and wall along the way . the mechanic come out after he . a bell ring , and a woman 's voice say over a loudspeaker : voice phone call for Francis Whitman ? Francis look puzzle . he go into the office . a black girl in she twenty look out from a back room . she point to a telephone with a blink light on it . Francis nod . he pick up the receiver . francis hello ? Alice 's voice say over the telephone : alice ( 0.s. ) they want to start . francis send the car back for we . the battery 's dead . alice ( 0.s. ) they can only wait ten minute . there 's another service after we . francis ( hesitates ) ok . well , we might not make it , then . I guess just tell they to go fuck themselves . alice ( 0.s. ) ( pause ) hold the line . Francis look out the window . Peter have connect cable to the battery and be cranking the starter . he shout and curse . Jack have completely unpack the suitcase . he have he shirt off and be hold up various shirt and pants against himself and lay they out on the hood of the station wagon . Francis listen to Alice argue with someone in the background on the other end of the line . she suddenly snap aggressively : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 79 . alice ( 0.s. ) no , you be not . you be go to start when they get here . not one second before . be that perfectly clear ? silence . Alice come back on the line and say to Francis : alice ( 0.s. ) try to be quick . francis ok . alice ( 0.8 . ) wait a second . francis what ? alice ( 0.s. ) ( reluctantly ) I speak to you mother . she 's not come . she do not get on the plane . francis ( pain ) why not ? alice ( 0.s. ) I do not know . I be sorry . francis she 's not come . ok . alice ( 0.s. ) will you tell Peter and Jack ? so they do not expect to see she . francis yeah . Francis hang up the telephone . he turn to the black girl . she be stare at he . he say quietly : francis thank you . black girl you be welcome . Francis look out the window again . Peter stand poise at the side of the porsche with the door open . Jack wait behind it in a runner 's start position with one hand hold the script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 80. suitcase and the other press against the back of the car . Peter yell : peter go! Peter and Jack start push the porsche across the parking lot and down the driveway . Francis run out of the office after they . he shout : francis put it in second ! be you in second ? Francis catch up and push with Peter and Jack . the car gather speed , and they let go . the mechanic run to the front gate and jerk it open wide . Peter jump in as the porsche roll bounce into the street . Jack holler : jack pop it ! Peter pop the clutch . the car jerk , jolt , and skid to a stop with a screech . a pick - up truck jam on its brake and nearly slam into the side of the porsche . Peter yell out the window . peter watch it , asshole ! Jack run into the street with the suitcase . a large man with a beard and baseball cap get out of the pick - up truck . he have a beer bottle in he hand . Jack say angrily : jack what do you want ? the man hesitates . he yell in disbelief : man be you kid I ? the man throw he beer bottle at Jack . Jack side -step it . it bounce across the pavement . Francis stride into the street and shout at the man : francis get back in that car ! the man turn to Francis . Peter jump out of the porsche . he point at the man and scream in a rage at the top of he lung , spitting : peter get back in you car right now ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 53 sl . Peter 's eye look blood - shot and wild . he pick up the bottle off the ground and smashes it into the cement . the man get back into he pick - up truck and drive away . Francis , Peter , and Jack calm down . they look at each other , pleased . the limousine pull up from the other direction . Peter look at the porsche . he seem suddenly deflate . peter it 's not go work . let 's put the cover back on . Francis , Peter , and Jack roll the porsche back into the parking lot . they put the cover over it and leave it half - block the driveway . Peter run over to the mechanic and hug he . the mechanic wipe tear away from he eye . Francis grab the clothes and toiletry into he arm off the hood of the station wagon and shout : francis let 's go ! Francis , Peter , and Jack run to the limousine and jump inside with the suitcase , clothes , and toiletry . int . limousine . day 53 the driver put the car in gear and accelerate up the block . Jack say suddenly : jack who call ? francis ( hesitates ) Alice . peter what would she say ? francis they be wait . jack be Mom there ? francis ( pause ) not yet . silence . Francis , Peter , and Jack look away from each other in different direction . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 54 55 56 57 82. cur to : 54 the flat - bed truck , the auto-rickshaw , the step-van , and the rest of the procession of vehicle arrive at the entrance to a temple at the side of a river . Francis , Peter , and Jack climb out of the auto-rickshaw . ext . river . day 55 a bank of stone step descend into the water . lit candle glow in glass jar . two attendant carry the body on the bamboo stretcher down the step with the father , the doctor , and the other man from the village . the two attendant place the dead boy 's body on a platform of stack log . the boy 's face be circle with flower . the man from the village place more log over the body and place hay over the stack log . the father shake badly as he wash the dead boy 's foot . a frail , little man with white hair press dot of red powder onto Francis ' , Peter 's , and Jack 's forehead . a attendant spray the funeral pyre with purple fuel from a plastic squeeze- bottle . the father help one of the survive boy to light it on fire . the flame jump and spread . Francis , Peter , and Jack watch the father and the two survive boy walk in circle around the burn pyre . CUT to : 56 one hour later . all of the man involved with the cremation , include Francis , Peter , and Jack , wade into the river and pour bucket of water over each other ceremoniously , drench themselves . a group of young woman shampoo they hair in the shallow water downstream . Francis , Peter , and Jack look across at they . the father 's eye flicker . his leg give out . he drop straight down and disappear under the surface the water . everyone 's eye jolt wide open . Three of the man rush to the father and hoist he out of the river . Francis , Peter , and Jack help they lift he onto the step . he come to and sit up . the doctor look into he eye and slap the side of he face . int . hut . night 57 Francis and Jack lie asleep on a large cot with a woven rope mattress . Peter sit up in bed between they , smoking a cigarette in the dark . dog bark and howl in the distance . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58 59 83. ext . road . day 58 Francis , Peter , and Jack wait with they luggage stack in a large pile at the side of the dirt highway . they wear they suit again . the teenage boy in the school uniform stand next to they . silence . the doctor from the village come from around a corner and walk over to Francis , Peter , and Jack . they watch he curiously . he check he watch . he look down the highway . he smile gently . Three of the man from the funeral walk out of a shop . they fall in with Francis , Peter , Jack , the boy , and the doctor . they look down the highway . Francis , Peter , and Jack stare at they . five woman in white saris hurry over and join the group . they look down the highway . Francis , Peter , and Jack look at each other , confuse . the dead boy 's parent and the two survive child approach along the side of the road as man , woman , and child come from every direction . Francis ' , Peter 's , and Jack 's mouth fall slowly open . the bus appear in the distance . the teenage boy whip he handkerchief out of he pocket , flutter it as he step out into the road . the bus arrive and stop . the door open . the man from the village quickly collect Francis ' , Peter 's , and Jack 's luggage , hoist it onto the roof and hand it through the window of the bus . Francis , Peter , and Jack watch quietly . all the villager gather around . they press they hand together and bow . Francis , Peter , and Jack nod and bow in return . they shake men' hand and pat child on they head and shoulder . they hesitate uncertainly and look one last time at the wait people . they wave goodbye . some of the villager say thank you and goodbye in English , other in Hindi . Francis , Peter , and Jack climb onto the bus . the door close , and the bus drive away . int . bus . day 59 Francis , Peter , and Jack sit together in the front row . they stare ahead in silence . they look suddenly devastate . they light cigarettes . Jack put he hand out the window to feel the wind . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 60 61 62 84 . ext . airport . day 60 two black and yellow taxi pull up to the curb in front of a aging , local airport . a sign above the driveway read departure . Francis , Peter , and Jack get out of the first taxi . porter in red turban quickly gather to help they take they luggage from the trunk . the porter unpack more luggage out of a second taxi . they pile suitcase onto a cart and carry bag on they head . Francis pay the driver . he walk with Peter , Jack , and the porter across the sidewalk , past a soldier wear a black beret , into the terminal . int . airport . day 61 Francis , Peter , Jack , and the porter walk through the terminal , over to a ticket counter . the name of the airline be write on the wall in Hindi . a woman behind the counter wear a floral - pattern sari . Francis set he , Peter 's , and Jack 's passport onto the counter and say : francis Whitman . cur to : 62 Francis , Peter , and Jack with they arm raise in the air while soldier wear black beret pat they down and scan they body with hand -held metal detector . they collect they hand - baggage off a conveyor belt and continue toward the gate . they stop in the middle of a small shopping area and light cigarettes as Francis say : francis the flight board in twenty - five minute . let 's set aside the next ten minute to use as free time , do a little shopping , have a snack , make a phone call , then we will meet in the bathroom next to that statue right there -- Francis point across the terminal to a bathroom next to a large bronze of Gandhi walk in a loincloth . he check he watch . francis -- at about a quarter after , get clean up , brush you tooth , have a shave , or what - have - you , and with we last five minute , we will sit quietly in that little shrine over there -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 85. Francis point to a small shrine next to a cash machine . francis -- say a prayer , and think about everything we have be through . Peter and Jack nod . Francis turn away and walk quickly into a duty - free store , down a aisle of shelf fill with bottle of liquor . Peter and Jack walk over to a tea stand next to a currency exchange counter . they stand under a sign that read chai . a skinny attendant with a moustache smile at they . Peter hold up three finger . peter Three , please . Peter and Jack wait while the attendant prepare they tea . Peter say nostalgically : peter I love the way this country smell . I will never forget it . it 's kind of spicy . Jack and Peter breathe in deeply , inhale the air . Jack point across the terminal . jack who 's he talk to ? Peter look . Francis be at a telephone stand in the middle of a call . a telephone stand attendant wait beside he . peter I think he 's try to re-hire Brendan . Jack look surprised . Peter continue : peter he say he 's go to offer he a fifty percent raise plus some medical benefit to help with he albino disease or whatever it 's call . Francis come over carry a bottle of whiskey and a carton of cigarettes . peter how would it go ? francis he 's go to think about it . Francis sigh . he say quietly : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 86. francis I need he to be hire back , because otherwise I be probably just a bad person , and , in some way , I feel like Brendan might be my -- Francis suddenly tilt he head back and hold he finger under he eye to keep a tear from fall . he say finally : francis -- friend , maybe . Peter and Jack nod sympathetically . Jack say suddenly : jack I will be right back . Jack walk away . the attendant set three tiny cardboard cup of tea in front of Peter and Francis . Peter put some rupee on the counter . he take a sip . he say suddenly with conviction : peter he do not really kill we snake , do he ? it 's get to be against he religion . I bet he release he in the desert , which be , actually , closer to he natural habitat . Francis frown . he point across the terminal . francis who 's he talk to ? Peter look . Jack be at the telephone stand in the middle of a call . peter he 's probably check he ex - girlfriend 's message again . francis ( upset ) I think we make a agreement ! why do not you stop he ? Francis shake he head . he open the bottle of whiskey and pour shot into the cup of tea on the counter and the one in Peter 's hand . Jack come back over to they . francis what would you find out this time ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 87. jack she 's go to meet I in Italy . francis ( pain ) oh , man ! that 's terrible ! jack ( sadly ) I know . Jack take a sip of tea . he look surprised by the taste . he sniff it . Peter drink he in one swig and say suddenly : peter I will be right back . Peter walk away . Francis say to himself : francis let 's look at the itinerary . Francis take one of the itinerary out of he briefcase . he study it . he suddenly twist and pull at it , try to rip it in half , but the lamination be too strong . he give up and jam it into a trash can . Jack put he hand into he pocket . a curious look cross he face . he take out one of the foil packet label savory snack . he and Francis stare at it . Francis ask sadly : francis be that from sweet lime ? Jack nod . he tear open the top of the packet and shake some cocktail nut and cracker into Francis ' palm . they start eat . Francis say quietly , chew : francis we like she , do not we ? jack ( softly ) yeah , we like she . Francis frown . he point across the terminal . francis who 's he talk to ? Jack look . Peter be at the telephone stand pace with the cord stretch to its limit , yell into the receiver and shaking he ball up fist angrily . the attendant stare down at the floor . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 88. jack Alice , I guess . Francis and Jack drink they shot of tea and whiskey . Peter come back over to they . he look highly emotional . Francis and Jack watch he tentatively . Peter say finally : peter it 's a boy . Francis and Jack look stunne . Francis say , concerned : francis it get bear already ? peter ( correct himself ) it 's go to be a boy . she have a somnogram or something . Francis and Jack look excited . they hug Peter and each other . francis wow ! that 's incredible ! jack it 's a boy ! wow ! Peter squint , mutter , and rub he temple . Jack say delicately : jack why be you yell ? peter she 's angry because I do not tell she I be come here . francis ( hesitates ) ever ? until just now ? peter yeah , but I explain everything . Francis and Jack shake they head and stare at Peter , marvell . Peter say quietly : peter actually , it 's kind of lucky , because I just buy this vest -- Peter dig in he duffel bag . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 63 89 . peter -- and it 's probably ok for either one , but I think it 's better for a man . Peter hold up a miniature feel vest with intricate , colorful embroidery all over it . Francis and Jack admire it . Francis suddenly take off he belt and hold it out to Peter . Peter hesitates . francis you can let he inherit this . it 's from I and Jack . Jack nod . Peter take the belt . he put it on over he suit jacket . he look down at it sadly . int . bathroom . day 63 Francis , Peter , and Jack stand silently at the mirror . Jack trim he moustache with a pair of tiny groom scissors . Peter shave . Francis brushes he tooth . a janitor rummages through a broom closet in the background . he take out a mop and a bucket , go to the door , and swing it open . passenger and baggage handler criss -cross in the doorway , and the room fill with airport noise . the room go quiet again as the door swing shut . Francis turn to Jack and say : francis can I use that scissors ? Jack hand Francis he scissors . Peter and Jack watch as Francis carefully clip the dirty bandage off he face and peel they away . underneath , he be badly bruise , scratch , stitched , and scabbed . he take a deep breath . francis I guess I have still get some more heal to do . jack ( gently ) you be get there , though . peter anyway , it 's definitely go to add a lot of character to you . Francis nod . he , Peter , and Jack stare at he demolish face . tear suddenly stream down he cheek . Jack take he by the arm . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 64 65 90 . jack be you ok ? francis ( hesitates ) yeah -- but it hurt . Francis start laugh quietly . Peter and Jack watch he , uncertain -- then start laugh with he . they eye look strange and desperate . int . shrine . day 64 a alcove next to the departure gate . there be a statue on a altar of a man with the head of a elephant . Flowers be strewn around its base , and a candle burn in front of it . Francis , Peter , and Jack sit quietly on the floor . they have orange stripe on they forehead . they wave they hand over the candle - flame and ritualistically press the warmth into they hair . they close they eye and press they palm together . Jack say thoughtfully : jack what should we pray for now ? cur to : 65 Francis , Peter , and Jack walk across the tarmac carry they hand - baggage . a large , pale blue prop-plane with peel paint wait alongside the runway with its engine run loudly . the name of the airline be write in Hindi across the side of the fuselage . a flight attendant in a floral - pattern sari greet Francis , Peter , and Jack at the bottom of the step to the airplane . Francis extend the ticket toward the flight attendant . she take a hold of they -- but Francis do not let go . the flight attendant hesitates . Francis turn to Peter and Jack and yell something . Peter and Jack look confuse . they yell something back to Francis . Francis take back the ticket . he Peter , and Jack confer in a huddle . the flight attendant frown . she try to grab the ticket again . Francis pull they away . she yell something and point up the step urgently . Francis hold up one finger for she to wait . Peter motion to the sky suddenly . Francis point down at the ground . Jack gesture toward the countryside . a pilot come down to the bottom of the step . he look puzzle . he yell something to the flight attendant . she motion to Francis , Peter , and Jack and shout at they , agitate . Francis turn back to the flight attendant and yell something with finality . the flight attendant shake she head , shouting angrily . Peter reach into he pocket and script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library gl. pull out a lighter . he take the ticket from Francis , light they on fire , and throw the burn piece into the air . Jack go over to the open baggage compartment door and start take out they luggage . 66 ext . highway . day 66 Francis , Peter , and Jack riding in tandem on a old , green motorcycle . a decal on the gas tank read hero Honda . Francis drive , smile fiercely . a small , three - wheeled truck load with Francis ' , Peter 's , and Jack 's bag , suitcase , and trunk follow close behind they . the vehicle on the road pass within inch of each other , dodging constantly . 66a-b:omit 66a - B 67 CUT to : 67 the foothills of the himalayas . turret and terrace jut out from a colonial fort build into the side of a mountain . a narrow path thread its way up from a chapel to a white cross at the edge of a sheer , blue cliff . there be a large bell mount on a platform above the precipice . thousands of yellow butterfly flutter over the treetop . 68 ext . convent . day 68 Francis , Peter , Jack , and a tibetan guide wear a star - and - stripe stock cap walk four black horse and three mule strapped with all they luggage through the gate of the compound . the tack and saddle be hand - make and brightly colorful , and the horse ' ear be distinctively point and curve at the end . dozen of child in school uniform of white shirt and cream -color pants converge , circle giddily . Francis , Peter , and Jack look exhaust but enchant . they be unshaven and windburn and wear long , wide , finely - woven scarve . Jack pet a baby lamb with a red dot on its forehead . two peacock walk by , step slowly . a tall woman in a white habit with she head bare and wild , long hair come out of a arched doorway and descend a stone staircase . she be Patricia . she stride out to meet Francis , Peter , and Jack . in one hand , she carry a dog-eare biography of Thomas jefferson with numerous scrap of paper tuck in - between page as book -mark . in she other hand , she carry a piece of chalk and a eraser . she wear a thick , leather utility belt with a hunt knife , a flashlight , and a canteen attach to it . a young , indian nun in a blue habit follow close behind she . Francis , Peter , and Jack watch intently as Patricia approach . she start talk fifty foot before she arrive : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 92. patricia do not you get my letter ? I tell you to come back in the spring . Francis turn to Peter and Jack . he shrug . francis should we go ? patricia ( sharply ) of course not . welcome ! my beautiful boy ! Patricia start cry . she say as she hug and kiss Francis , Peter , and Jack : patricia francie . peter. Little Jack . the child watch curiously . Patricia take a deep breath . she say to Francis suddenly : patricia what happen to you face ? Francis start to answer . he change he mind and start to say something else . he shrug . he smile . francis I crash my motorcycle on purpose into the side of a hill . Patricia hesitates . she nod vaguely . patricia I be sorry to hear that . there 's so many thing we do not know about each other , be not there ? everyone here 's a orphan , by the way . you should feel right at home . Patricia turn to the indian nun and say : patricia sashi , let 's put they in the white cottage . ( to Francis , Peter , and Jack ) it 's get some mouse , but there 's a glorious view . ( to the nun ) fill the room with flower , and tell ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 93. patricia ( cont 'd ) everyone my son have come , after all . I want all of we to meet they . Patricia turn away suddenly . she hurl she chalkboard eraser with a snap and shout angrily : patricia get the hell out of here ! Francis , Peter , and Jack look across the compound . a white monkey duck and scramble over the wall . Patricia shake she head . patricia some people seem to think they be charming . they snatch fruit out of you hand with they little leather finger . I do not find they very amusing . Francis , Peter , and Jack nod . Patricia turn to the guide and ask warmly : patricia who 's this ? francis that 's oberoi . he get we here . Patricia talk rapidly with the guide in break tibetan . the guide nod , alarmed . Francis frown . francis wait a second . what would you tell he ? patricia ( with authority ) I tell he to lock up you horse . there 's a tiger . jack ( surprised ) really ? we think that be bullshit . patricia ( quickly ) you call that bullshit ? Patricia point to some animal track along the edge of the wall . Francis , Peter , and Jack look unconvince but impressed . patricia he eat one of the sister 's brother . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 68a 94 . Francis , Peter , and Jack laugh . Patricia say sternly : patricia I be not kid . Francis , Peter , and Jack fall silent . they look all around they and listen . a wind come through the pass . Patricia close she eye and begin to pray quickly under she breath . int . service area . day 68a a utility room next to a kitchen . Francis , Peter , and Jack hold pile of laundry in they arm . Patricia motion to a teenage girl stand next to she as she say to Francis , Peter , and Jack : patricia Separate the light from the dark , and give everything to sandyha . Patricia point to Peter and say to the teenage girl : patricia do not he have the most beautiful eye ? the teenage girl laugh . Patricia walk into the kitchen while Francis , Peter , and Jack hand they laundry to the teenage girl . they follow Patricia . Patricia pick up a ladle and taste a broth cooking in a cauldron on the stove . patricia this be kind of like soup . ( to Francis and Peter ) you will like it , and you will like it . Patricia hold the ladle while Francis and Peter taste the broth . they look pleased . Patricia turn to Jack : patricia you will like this . Patricia lift a little ball of dough out of another pot with a spoon . Jack take a bite . he nod appreciatively . Patricia say to he regretfully : patricia why would you grow a moustache ? Jack shrug . Patricia look up above she and snap she finger . a metal teapot lower down to she on a rope . she pour herself a cup and lead Francis , Peter , and Jack into a vestibule . there be a silver bowl on a shelf . Patricia dip she finger into it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 69 70 95 . patricia it 's ash Wednesday . Patricia mark a cross on Francis ' , Peter 's , and Jack 's forehead with the ash . int . chapel . day 69 a small , white church with a large , bloody crucifix above the altar . Patricia lead a hymn from the pulpit with three indian nun in blue habit . another nun play a plastic , electric organ . Francis , Peter , and Jack stand in a pew hold hymnal and sing with the rest of the congregation of child , teacher , and worker . a metal fan with flutter ribbon attach to it whir , rotate back and forth in the open doorway . int . guest quarter . night 70 Francis , Peter , and Jack lie on three narrow cot in a spare , white room overlook the edge of the cliff . they be dress in they white pajamas . there be a crucifix above one bed , a illustration of St. Francis above another , and the virgin Mary above the third . there be a plastic bottle of water next to each bunk . a electric mosquito coil be plugge into the wall . Peter 's candle burn on a night - table . the trunk and suitcase be laid out in a row on the floor . some be open with laundry strewn around they . wind rattles the window - pane , and a light rain fall on the metal roof . Patricia sit on the end of Jack 's bed with she hand fold in she lap . she say energetically : patricia what do we want for breakfast ? Jack , you will like the porridge . Peter ? Fresh mango ? and corn flake for you , francie . now who want scramble egg ? raise you hand . Patricia raise she hand . Francis , Peter , and Jack reluctantly raise they hand , too . patricia ok . Francis , Peter , Jack , and Patricia lower they hand . Patricia squint at the night-stand . patricia what 's on fire in that hideous little flower pot ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 96. peter Alice make that . patricia ( pause ) it 's darling . tell she I say so . peter ok . you want one ? patricia of course , I do . good-night , boy . Patricia go from one bed to the next , kissing Francis , Peter , and Jack good - night on the lip . she walk across the room . she stop at the suitcase on the floor and look at they . the trunk be on its end . on top of it , there be three tiny , hand - cranke music box in a row . Patricia wind one a few turn , listen . she smile at Jack . she switch off the light and open the door . Peter say softly : peter Mom ? Patricia stop . she turn around and stand darkly in the doorway . patricia uh-huh ? peter ( pause ) there 's one last thing . Peter briskly stand up out of bed and stride to the door . he turn the light back on . he say to Francis and Jack : peter I do not know what I be about to do , by the way . Peter take Patricia by the arm and draw she quickly back into the room . she look startle . Francis and Jack sit up in they bunk . Peter shut the door . he point to a stool . Patricia sit down . Peter return to he bed . he , Francis , and Jack stare at Patricia . peter I want to tell you about my son . patricia ( quietly ) what son ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 97. peter the one I be go to have next month . Patricia look take aback . she be suddenly overwhelm . she say in a different voice : patricia I be in shock . be this for real ? Peter nod . Patricia say firmly : patricia you should be with Alice . peter you should have be at dad 's funeral . Patricia fall silent . she stare at Peter evenly . she say finally : patricia so that 's why you come here . to make I feel guilty . francis we come here because we miss you . patricia ( pain ) I miss you , too . jack but why do not you come to dad 's funeral ? patricia ( simply ) because I do not want to . he be dead . pause . Patricia take a deep breath . she say , frustrated : patricia what 's wrong with we ? why be we talk about this ? ( to Peter ) we should be celebrate ! peter what be you do here ? patricia I live here . this people need I . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 98. jack what about we ? Patricia hesitates . she turn around and look back over she shoulder . she look back to Francis , Peter , and Jack . she turn around and look back over she shoulder again . she look back to Francis , Peter , and Jack . she point to a imaginary person behind she and say : patricia you be talk to she . Francis , Peter , and Jack look confuse . Patricia continue : patricia you be talk to someone else -- not I . I do not have the answer to this question , and I do not see myself this way . ( gently ) pretend I be a lawyer , and you be pay I $ 250 a hour . how can I help you ? Francis , Peter , and Jack be speechless . Patricia say finally : patricia I be sorry we lose you father . we will never get over it -- but it 's ok . there be great force at work . yes , the past happen -- but it 's over , be not it ? francis ( pause ) not for we . silence . Patricia say quietly : patricia I tell you not to come here . why be everything so hard for you ? a line of blood run quickly from Patricia 's nose . Francis , Peter , and Jack look stunne . patricia it 's probably not the best time for we to discuss this right now . Patricia start to stand up , but Francis move toward she and say calmly : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 99 . francis tilt you head back . Patricia hesitates . Francis put he hand on the side of she head and lean back she neck to slow the blood . Peter wipe she face clean with a handkerchief and hold it with gentle pressure to she nose . Jack kneel down on one knee and grasp she hand tightly . jack it 's ok . peter calm down . francis just relax . Patricia sit quietly . she turn to Peter . patricia what happen ? do the light change ? do he cross without look ? do the taxi swerve and hit he ? peter I do not know . I do not see it . he send I to buy cigarettes . Patricia nod . she stare into space . patricia do I do wrong ? I be not ready to be a mother . I regret it . ( sincerely ) of course , I regret it . Patricia look down at the floor . Francis say quietly : francis at one point , we think about try to kidnap you away by force -- but it seem kind of far-fetched now . patricia ( smile ) how sweet . that would have be fun . jack ( shrug ) you want to come home with we , anyway -- voluntarily ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 100 . patricia ( genuinely ) I can not do that , baby . silence . Francis say suddenly : francis but you love we , right ? Patricia look stunne . her voice break as she say quietly : patricia of course . do not you know that ? simultaneously : Francis shrug , Peter shake he head , and Jack nod . Patricia swallow hard . patricia maybe we can express ourselves more fully if we do not say it in word . should we try that ? Francis , Peter , and Jack look intrigue . Patricia sit up straight . she wave she hand , signal to begin . she stare at Francis , Peter , and Jack , focuss intently . they look back at she , slightly confuse . they try to communicate with they eye . Patricia listen and respond silently . she suddenly grasp something . outside , a tall boy pull on a rope , ringing the bell . one of the orphan asleep in a bunk wake up and listen -- then another and another . rita lean out the window of the train smoking a cigarette . her hair be tie in a knot on top of she head , and she eat nut from a bag of savory snack . the chief steward lie asleep in he bunk on a bedroll with he unroll turban drape on a hook above he . his compartment be dark except for a small night - light , and the red snake be in a small terrarium on he desk . the two survive brother from the village sleep on a hammock in they hut . they father sit awake outside petting a dog . a very pregnant Alice sleep in she apartment as the morning light and sound of the city street filter in through a window . the mechanic from the auto-shop sit alone dress in pajamas at a kitchen table drink a cup of coffee . he watch a formula one race on a portable television set . Brendan sit upright , sleep peacefully , with a bright blue blanket wrap around he on a overnight flight . the businessman from the beginning of the movie ride in a chair on the rear deck of a caboose , look out into the dark plain . deep in the forest , a tiger lie stretch in the grass under a tree . ( note : with each cut , a sound be add -- bell ringing , wheel clack , snake hiss , dog bark , city street , script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 71 101 . race -car , jet engine , steam whistle , and jungle bird . the noise build to a roar . ) silence . the bell ring one last time . the tibetan guide listen in the dark , sit on a mat among the horse with a rifle sling over he shoulder . light go out all around the compound . tear stream down Patricia 's face . she wipe she eye , clap she hand together , and stand up . she say , lose and daze : patricia all right . let 's make a agreement : A. ) we will get a early start tomorrow morning and try to enjoy each other ' company here in this beautiful place . B. ) we will stop feel sorry for ourselves . it 's not very attractive . c. ) we will make we plan for the future . can we agree to that ? jack yeah . peter ok . francis sure . patricia ( pause ) to be continue . Patricia kiss Francis , Peter , and Jack again . she walk to the door , tie the white scarf over she head , go out , and close the door behind she . Francis , Peter , and Jack look at each other . they switch off the light and get back into they bed . int . guest quarter . day 71 the next morning . Francis and Peter be asleep . Jack sit in a open window seat write furiously in he manila note book . he still wear he white pajamas . there be a tray of slice mango , scramble egg , corn flake , porridge , orange juice , and instant coffee on the table behind he . Francis sit up slowly on the edge of he bed . he stretch he arm and yawn . he say groggily : francis good morning . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 102 . Jack drink a sip of coffee and answer without look up from he write : jack she 's go . francis ( hesitates ) what ? Jack finish a paragraph , cap he pen , and close he note book . he go over to Peter 's bed and sit on the edge of it , across from Francis . jack I be still asleep , but oberoi see she go . she leave we breakfast in the doorway . francis ( kick Peter 's bunk ) Peter . Jack pat Peter 's leg to wake he . Peter sigh and rub he eye . peter what ? francis she 's go . peter who ? Peter sit up in bed . he look at Francis and Jack . he say sadly : peter she 's go ? Jack nod . Peter sigh . peter where ? jack they could not say . they just say she go away sometimes . silence . Francis , Peter , and Jack go over to the table and sit down . they start eat they breakfast . Francis stop . a light snap on in he eye . he stand quickly , knock away script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 72 103 . he chair , and stride across the room . he open he briefcase and take out the manila envelope . he reach into it and withdraw the leftover peacock feather . he look to Peter and Jack . Peter and Jack nod . they follow Francis out the door , through a small kitchen , onto the grounds . they go down a path along the edge of the cliff , past the bell , and stop on a wide , grassy plateau . a curtain of mist hang over the hillside . a river run slowly into the distance far , far below . Francis slowly extend the feather out in front of he . Jack look hopeful . Peter 's eye narrow defiantly . Francis take a deep breath , determine . they lean slowly toward the feather and blow on it all at once . they kneel down together , dig a hole in the ground with they hand , and bury the feather . they stand up . they each perform a different , improvise ritualistic gesture . they look off , beyond the edge of the cliff . they look slightly electrify . Francis say gently : francis that go perfectly . CUT to : 72 Francis , Peter , and Jack racing along a wind hillside road seat three abreast in the back of a auto-rickshaw . Francis check he watch . jack I be work on a new short story . I write the end , but I do not know how it start . francis read we what you get . Jack reach into he pocket and take out he note book . he open it and read : jack whatever happen in the end , she say , I do not want to lose you as my friend . he look into she eye . I promise I will never be you friend , no matter what , ever . her voice crack . if we fuck , I be go to feel like shit tomorrow . that 's ok with I , he say . he lift she shirt over she head . I love you , she say . I never hurt you on purpose . he nodd . I do not care . ( look up to Francis and Peter ) he would not be go to Italy . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 73 74 104 . Francis and Peter smile slightly . Jack shrug . jack do that sound ok ? Francis nod , consider this . francis yeah . it 's hard for I to judge the end without know the rest of it . peter I like how mean you be . jack ( hesitates ) the character be all -- Jack sigh . he smile sadly : jack thanks . int . depot . day 73 a train station on the edge of a small town in the mountain . Francis , Peter , and Jack run through the terminal carry they suitcase accompany by two porter in red turban pull the rest of they luggage on a cart . they race out onto the platform . ext . platform . day 74 bell be ringing . wheel be clack . smoke be blow . the train be already pull out , and Francis , Peter , Jack , and the two porter run alongside the track behind it . a teenager with wavy hair and a trumpet at he side watch calmly from a deck at the rear of the caboose . a sign above he head read the Bengal lancer with a picture of a leaping tiger below it . Francis ' , Peter 's , Jack 's , and the two porter ' shoe slap along the cement . they start gain on the train . the train pick up speed . the porter grit they tooth . Francis egg they on . they begin to lose ground . Francis turn to Peter and Jack and yell over the sound of the engine 's whistle : francis dad 's bag be not go to make it ! Francis , Peter , and Jack exchange a quick look . they laugh spontaneously . they drop they hand - baggage , sprint ahead , run full - steam to the back of the train , and leap on -board . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 75 76 105 . they turn to look back at the porter , who be slow down with puzzle look on they face . they get smaller and smaller as the train pull away . Francis , Peter , and Jack watch they sadly . they go into the train . int . corridor . day 75 Francis , Peter , and Jack walk quickly through two car and enter a third . Francis pull three ticket out of he coat pocket and check the number next to each compartment door as they go down the corridor . int . compartment 62/63 . day 76 Francis , Peter , and Jack sit look out the window . there be a knock on the door . Francis slide it open . a thirty - year - old man with a beard stand in the corridor with a hole - puncher in he hand . he wear a pink silk turban and a Nehru jacket with Chief steward embroider onto it . chief steward # 2 good morning . Whitman ? Francis , Peter , and Jack nod . chief steward # 2 May I see you ticket , please ? Francis take out they ticket . the chief steward click they with the hole puncher and snap they into a clip above the door . chief steward welcome aboard . the chief steward go out the door , and a twenty - five year - old girl in a pale pink , silk sari-uniform come in with a tray of pale green drink in little cup . she have a nose-r and she hair in a braid . she smile and say : stewardess sweet lime ? Francis , Peter , and Jack stare at the stewardess . Jack say quietly : jack why not ? the stewardess set three cup of juice onto the table . she dip she fingertip into a little , metal bowl of yellow powder and press it carefully onto Francis ' , Peter 's , and Jack 's forehead . she go back into the corridor . she smile . she shut the door . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 106 . Francis look back and forth between Peter and Jack intently . Peter and Jack stare back at he , curious . Francis reach into he pocket and take out Peter 's and Jack 's passport . he hold they out to they . they do not move . Peter say finally : peter why do not you hang onto mine ? Francis hesitates . Jack say gently : jack it 's safer if you keep they . silence . Francis nod slowly . he put the passport back into he pocket . he exhales evenly . he say suddenly : francis let 's go get a drink and smoke a cigarette . Francis , Peter , and Jack stand up . Jack slide the door open . Francis and Peter go out . Jack follow they and shut the door behind he . a cloud roll away in the sky , and bright sunlight fill the compartment . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library