the a-team by lawrence konner & Mark rosenthal current revision by Michael brandt and derek Haas twentieth century fox 10201 W. pico Blvd. October 31 , 2007 Los Angeles , CA 90035 all rights reserve . copyright '' 2007 twentieth century fox film corporation . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including any web site , without the prior written consent of twentieth century fox film corporation . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of ' the restriction set forth above . fade in : ext . desert - night the camera fly in over mile and mile of arid desert , nothing to interrupt the landscape except the occasional scrub brush or canyon ... until it find ... . ++-about a hundre tent and canopies , some of they quite large , squatting in the middle of nowhere . card : iraqi / kuwaiti border , March 19 , 2003 the camera keep flying until it home in on a ... int . rec tent —- night -+- push through it to find ... ++- what 's basically a open , town hall - type gather area . one soldier be hold court with a group of british officer . he be a damned good - look man , lieutenant templeton '' face '' peck . face -+.two or three year ago . I be in Scotland outside of Glasgow at this bar call the ivory tick ... british officer I be just in Glasgow and I have never hear of it . face right , well , I be get to that ... the place be own by < he old Scottish prizefighter , Kenneth '' the haymaker '' mchaymond . he be know for have a hell of a knock - out punch and he 's kind of a surly guy and I be out mind my own business with some other gis and he tell I that he hate we yank and we need to get the hell out of he pub . british officer sound like my kind of guy . all the british officer start laugh . face take it in stride , the consummate storyteller . * to et the eh he HH HH ee * face anyway , I be the proud american I be , I tell he where he can take he pint of newcastle and stuff it . the brit laugh again , enthralled . face ( cont 'd ) so this big bastard tell I he 's gonna knock I out with cne punch . '' one punch ? '' I say , and he say '' that 's right , one punch . '' well I always recognize a bet when I see one so I say to he , '' why do not . you put you money where you mouth be ? I own the armed force lightweight title and one thing I know this handsome face can do be take a punch . so if you knock I out with one punch I x11 pay you five-hundred dollar . '' the two brit snicker . british officer and what would Mr. haymaker wager in return if you withstood he punch ? face why do you think the pub be now name '' templeton peck 's ? '' they all look at the nameplate on he uniform : Lt. templeton peck ... and then start laugh . face ( cont 'd ) that 's a true story . british officer ( to he mate ) there be a peck 's pub there I think ... just then , a american Colonel , JOHN '' hannibal '' smith , stagger up to they , a little drunk ... hannibal you be full of shit . face whoa , easy there , Colonel . I think you have have a little too much from whatever flask you have tuck away . hannibal do not you ... . do not tell I my business , Lieutenant . I ... ( more ) + * ho rr er of % ee be ed hannibal ( cont 'd ) still outrank you and ... you should know ... you be full of shit . that 's a order . face ohhhh -kay ... what say you go sleep it off ? we nre just have a friendly get - to - know - your-ally discussion here . hannibal hold up a finger . . hannibal I guarantee I can knock you out with one punch . face size he up . face thanks ... but I do not think you have get a pub to name after I , so ... hannibal I will bet you a thousand buck . I can - knock you out with either hand . face come on , now . you have obviously ... the british officer interrupt . british officer I all take that bet . hannibal spin toward the officer ... hannibal you be on . british officer pound . hannibal Fine with I . face take off he jacket , while hannibal and the Brit count out the money and put it on a nearby table . face ( to the Brit ) you nre gonna have to give I some of that winning ... british officer half of it 's yours . hannibal get ready , try to focus on face ... * * pe of eh ee eh of face '' do you mind hit my right side ? my leave 's kinda my call card . it would be like punch a renoir . hannibal whatever . hannibal shift he stance to favor he leave hand . everyone wait ... tension building in the room ... quite a crowd be draw . face get himself pump , ready for it ... for just a moment , we be not sure hannibal 's go to be able to steady himself enough to even throw one . then suddeniy , the colonel launch a haymaker that start from around he belt area ... whammm ! quick shot : face drop . hannibal scoops up the money . walk out of the tent . the british officer just look after he , defeat , and we ... dissolve to : ext . barracks —- night face walk down a row of barrack with a ice pack to he right jaw . a struck match get he to wheel ... and just then , we see hannibal lighting up a cigar . face smile . hannibal you know what they say , face ? face what 's that hannibal ? hannibal a limey officer and he pound be soon parte ... he slap half the money into face 's await palm . face Nice work , sir . hannibal I love it when a plan ... * + eh + + + of * * whammm ! the british officer they grift step out of nowhere to deck he with a right cross , send he cigar fly ! one of he sidekick be right there with he ... british officer ( raging ) you dirty cheating american bastard ... face do not wait for more , he dive at the second british officer , a snarl on he mug ... ... as hannibal whip he leg around and knock the first officer to the ground . . . he straddle the guy . and wham ! wham ! pound he in the face ... .-- just then , a lieutenant sprint up , point at a television that be visible through a canopy ..- lieutenant it 's start ! it 's start ! he point at the tv and CNN be show image of Baghdad be pound by missile . face and hannibal look up at the tv from where they be both straddle the two brit , fist cocked . someone turn up the volume on the television ... CNN reporter they be call it '' shock and awe '' as Baghdad be be bombard ... hannibal I like that . shock and ... wham !!! he pound the british officer one more time in the face ... 5 british officer ( groan ) awwwww ! and we freeze frame on the guy 's face as it get knock sideways ... ... and the word the a-team splash on to the screen . just ' as quickly , the movie ' resume , and we ... cur to : desert : hard-pack sand . bleak , scorched . a black shape on the horizon turn out to be a ... U.S. army humvee , kick up dust . drive by a brigade messenger , match he gps map to tire track , scratch in the earth . card : operation iraqi freedom . somewhere south of baghdad the humvee just stop . precise middle of nowhere . the i messenger jump out . check gps again . company messenger ( tentative ) Colonel Smith ? silence , except for wind . now he cup he mouth . company messenger ( cont ‘d ) ( shout ) colonel smith , punch wide . rising out of sand . a hundred american special force . from they most perfect hide place . full desert camouflage . face ' stripe with grease . hannibal stride over till he 's in the Messenger 's face . whites of he eye wide behind face paint . : hannibal ( soft , tense ) kinda loud , corporal . brigade messenger General garner be send a chinook for you , sir . hannibal squint . SOUND cue : whomp -whomp of massive ch - 47 rotor . they both look up as the SOUND grow louder . punch to : U.S. ranger uh-60 blackhawk ( moving fast ) — day a dozen rangers in the hold . hannibal , beside the pilot . a monitor stream live video of general henry ' hank 's garner ( 64 ) , cropped gray hair , golf tan , blue eye . gen . garner ( video stream ) we be get cream with chatter about looting when we take Baghdad . hannibal ( wary ) okay ... intercut : int . forward operating base ( fob ) ' thunder 's hundred of analyst watch dozen of live monitor . show the assault on baghdad from myriad location . card : army tactical monitoring CENTER ( tmc ) director of operation , gen . garner stand by a monitor where hannibal stream live . gen . garner I be gonna need you to secure the iraqi National Museum . when you have establish a safe perimeter , private contractor will bring in a heavy - lift chopper to take the artifact to a protect location . hannibal 's eye ice the screen . hannibal this war 's barely start . first I have to put up with the Red coat and now you be give I private contractor ... ( beat ) Sir ... gen . garner get use to it . this be a diplomatic mission . ' operation Friends of Liberty . 's hannibal no offense , but I no rather go back to secure oil field in basra . gen . garner then you should not have majore in art history . hannibal react . hannibal I take one course ... to impress a blonde name Elizabeth : Barbour . gen . garner how have that . work out ? hannibal she divorced I six year ago . : gen . garner smart woman . . I pull a team of ranger for you . and one brilliant kid from motor pool ... hannibal a oxymoron if I have ever hear one . int . / ext . ch -4 chinook - over baghdad - later at 30,000 foot . hannibal join he team as they put on halo ( high altitude / low open ) equipment . helmet , oxygen tank . insulate suit . heavy-duty parachute . hannibal be intercept by sgt . B.A. baracas ( 22 ) . steel frame . two - percent body fat . _ BA . I be the oxymoron , sir . hannibal welcome to the team , sergeant . a violent shake . fierce grinding of engine . chopper dip . face be nearby . he watch B.A. shudder nervously as the chopper steady itself again . then he look down at B.A. 's hand ... the man be pump a tennis ball , almost squeezing the air right out of it . like he 's channele he : tension into the ball . pace afraid of jump , sarge ? B.A. turn he death stare on to face . B.A. T be not afraid of nothing . but until the good lord grow some wing out of my back , I 'il keep right on prefer my foot on the ground . hannibal open the hold door . rangers assemble . hannibal ( shout over the wind ) ( more ) % ob ob ot hannibal ( cont 'd ) this be a High altitude , low open jump . B.A. do not look out the door , but the tennis ball squeezing become even quick . hannibal measure he . hannibal ( cont 'd ) you will not deploy till you pass . through the enemy radar zone at two thousand foot so set you auto / open in case you lose consciousness . we will assemble below _ and move to the target . go on green . hannibal wait for a double GREEN lcd light . signal . face be the first in . the window . face ( to b.a . ) see you in thirty - thousand foot , sergeant . widen . face leap out the hold door , follow by a dozen rangers . in ten second , only hannibal and B.A. be leave . B.A. be freeze , pump that ball . hannibal ( clip onto B.A. ) I will piggy - back you down . finally , B.A. shake he head , defeat . b.a . I can not . hannibal alright , sergeant , you stay behind . B.A. relax , stop squeezing that ball , while hannibal unclip . turn away . hannibal suddenly wrap he arm in a vice grip around B.A. and leap from the hold carry B.A. out ... into B.A. be Pov - a ' halo 's free fall drop from the height of mt. everest . resisting the urge to open a chute . they simply fall ... and fall ... and fall ... the ground rush up too fast for the eye to focus . too fast for the brain to comprehend . hannibal hold B.A. in the tandem jump . closer on B.A. mouth in a silent scream . he finally pass out . 10 . screen goe black . fade in again - close on b:a. , eye OPEN , focus on a diminutive man with a gray goatee . reveal : ext . iraq national museum - plaza — day stare down at B.A. be dr . fouad al -mahdi , the museum . director , proud , refine . B.A. be on a field litter . atop the museum step ...’ B.A. jump to he foot . hannibal shout order as rangers drag they chute into | the Plaza . hannibal double up on the perimeter . watch the roof top . face , put a team on the North side . . ( see B.A. up ) welcome back , sergeant baracas . ready to work ? B.A. growl as hannibal hand he a m - 16 and spot a beat - — up container ( the trailer half of a 18 wheeler ) with Arabic graffiti be load with artifact by museum staff . the cab sit with some other rusty old rig . hannibal 's ranger take position around the museum . Al - mahdi look openly disappointed . dr . al-mahdi be this ... all of you ? hannibal this be enough . dr . al-mahdi we can not fit everything into one container . hannibal then you will have to take what 's most valuable . dr . al-mahdi ( stare , then ) that would be everything . just then , a big ass ch - 47 chinook , heavy - lift helicopter , touch down . paint GREEN with a corporate logo . foot dangle from the hold door , like cowboy on a stage coach , be american private contractor . they leap off . 11 . closer . sleek hunter green body armor , stitched logos , like polo shirt . : ex -special force major eddie pike ( 38 ) , compact but bulk up , greet hannibal like it 's a backyard barbecue . pike . Major Eddie Pike , Green Lake Security . hannibal you sure you be still . a. major , Eddie ? Pike grin , use to the attitude . pike do not underestimate we , Colonel . my boy and I be all special force with combat experience . hannibal who now charge ten grand a hour . Pike 's smile seem to widen , if possible . pike opportunity be what separate America from this shitbox . ( flick hannibal 's special force pin ) and Green Lake know how to treat a warrior . . hannibal uh-huh . pike do not téll I you have not think about what 's next out there ... hannibal oh , I have think about civilian life . pike what 's stop you ? hannibal turn away to move inside the museum ... hannibal civilian . he walk ... 12 . inside the MAIN gallery : +»- and over to where Al mahdi be gingerly lift the case surround a exquisite vase , sparkling like a star . dr . al-mahdi I be afraid to move it . afraid not to . it 's more than five thousand year old . hannibal it 's from ur , the babylonian city . dr . al-mahdt you know art history , colonel ? hannibal I take a class . dr . al -mahdi cast by nebuchadnezzar for the . hanging garden of Babylon . taken from Darius by Alexander the great . the boy-k 's ash be hide inside . the Prophet himself say one day the tear of the wretch would fill the golden vase , and peace would settle on the land . hannibal that ' 's a big story for a small vase . Al - mahdi smile . dr . al -mahdi we iraqi 's love storey . hannibal I 'il put it on myself . dr . al-mahdi this be only a display copy . he point to a small tin seal at the bottom . dr . al-mahdi ( cont 'd ) we be afraid Saddam would steal it . we hide the real vase . a high -pitch whistle . hannibal 's instinct take over . he push Al - mahdi down , cover he with he body . hannibal incoming . widen . a mortar round explode outside . window shatter . 13. hannibal ( cont ’d ) ( to Al - mandi ) grab whatever you can . we be move out . follow hannibal , sprinting outside . ext . national museum - front step ( continuous ) hannibal meet Green Lake man run in as he go out . they have drop everything by the container : statuary , rug , stone tablet . hannibal scream to b.a . hannibal you spot the enemy , sergeant ? B.A. negative , sir . the same pierce whistle , time three . mortar hit the plaza . bam ! bam ! bam ! closer . a explosion rock the chinook . its loading hold shred . hannibal fall back . rangers , include face , sprint past hannibal , wait by the museum 's stone pillar till everyone be in . pike join hannibal . gen . garner ( over two - way ) Air -recon 's get hostile head you way . and lot of they . hannibal ( two - way ) I feel they , but I can not see they . pire : we need to get that chopper out of here fast or we will be stick . gen . garner ( two - way ) I agree . I be pull you out . hannibal look out at all the museum 's artifact on the ground by the container . . hannibal ( two - way ) what about ' Friends of Liberty ' ? 14 . intercut : fob ' thunder 's - tmc - live monitor live video stream of the attack . garner be hannibal 's mentor . Close as a father . gen . garner ( two - way ) some thing be worth die for . ' Art 's be not one of ‘em . you mission be terminate . get the hell out of there . pike , anxious , agree whole - heartedly . pike there 's nothing in we contract about suicide run . . hannibal there 's nothing in mine about deal with asshole , but here we be . Automatic weapon FIRE strafe the museum step , force they back inside ... ext . museum - moment later rangers lay down FIRE as the museum staff rush onto the chinook . blade spin . hannibal spot Al - mahdi with face hang back on the step . hannibal what the hell be you do here ? face try to convince davinci here he need to get out while he still can ... dr . al-mahdi ( desperate ) if I leave we heritage to the barbarian , we will not be a country anymore . hannibal yeah . listen professor , either you come with we or my man here ... ( neds at face ) ... be go to have to stay with you and possibly get disfigure by a mortar explosion ... 15 . face would you want to be responsible for disfigure this face ? the curator do not know how to respond . hannibal I do not think so ... he grab Al - mahdi under the elbow and lead he to the chinook . . Pike be just about to close the door . hannibal ( cont 'd ) we get one more . pike sorry , we nre full up ... hannibal then you will have to ride it out on the ground like the rest ... pike ocut he off ) have a nice life , Colonel . Pike turn to call out ... pike ( cont 'd ) take she up , Andy ! ... but hannibal yank he by the ankle where he fall right out of the chopper with a thud ... another mortar round explode nearby and the GREEN lake chopper take off without they ... pike ( cont 'd ) be you out of you fuck mind ? how be I gonna get out now ? hannibal I will drive the rig . and you will lead I out . or else I 'il have the sergeant here break both you leg and you can crawl out . widen . B.A. drag Pike to a cab . throw he behind the wheel . hannibal help Dr. Al - mahdi into the passenger door ... 16 . hannibal ( cont 'd ) get the doctor out of here . we will take the artifact ... pike this be insane . hannibal insane be that ten grand a hour you charge . Dr. Al - mahdi look at hannibal as he close the door on he , desperate ... dr . al -mahdi Iraq 's soul be in you hand . Pike do not wait , drive of7 . hannibal hurry back to he rig ... hannibal Jesus Christ ... he start to move around to the driver 's side but B.A. be stand there . B.A. I will drive . hannibal you know how to handle a wheel ? b.a . if she 's get a engine and can not defy gravity , I can handle she . hannt3al all right then . he slide in next to face as B.A. take the wheel . moving with the 18 wheeler ( 60 mph ) , B.A. catch up with Pike 's cab . nose to bumper . push the massive rig onto a narrow STREET . bad combination . B.A. blast through anything in the way . small car , outdoor cafe , vendor stall . glance over at he mate . b.a . you man should probably buckle up . . . face soon as you take you foot off the brake . 17 . Pike take a corner sharply . B.A. barely make it . the trailer slam into a build . mortar , block shatter . Pike take a second , 90 degree turn . B.A. pull the wheel hard . the truck almost flip through the turn ... a much . larger explosion greet they . a fireball engulf Pike 's cab . lose in black smoke . when the smoke clear , hannibal can not see they . hannibal ( into two - way ) Green Lake one , come in . over ? ( then ) Radio 's dead . pan right as hannibal 's window blow out . hannibal duck just in time , he helmet shower by shard . B.A. keep plow ahead . b.a . where be we head ? hannibal tap the gps screen . shatter . hannibal find a highway south ... this city 's about to be invade . STREET open into a market ... the rig ram through desert stall , splintering wood ... heavy FIRE seem to come from everywhere ... they clear the market and find themselves head straight for a old wooden bridge , over a murky slough . face hit the black top on the other side of the bridge . B.A. I be too wide . hannibal I think you say you could drive . widen . the bridge come up fast , smaller than it seem . the rig crack through old beam . a tire explode , then another , but B.A. keep iz move . angle . the bridge begin to collapse . the trailer drop , hang at a angle . B.A. stomp the gas as . the bridge give way ... tilt down . Front tire just grab the other side and pull the trailer up and across . 18 . crane up . the rig veer onto a desert two - lane blacktop . huge sign .in arabic with saddam 's smile face . b.a . what 's that sign say ? hannibal '' leave Baghdad '' I hope . slow dissolve : ext . highway - somewhere west of baghdad -— dawn the 18 wheeler limp into a US checkpoint on six good tire . eviscerate like 'a whale 's carcass on the beach . in the cab . hannibal , face , and B.A. , fry . coate in dust . no water . a bevy of Army vehicle and tank have take over the road . troops swarm over to the truck as we trio climb down . some of the troops snap salute to the tired man . soon , a medical evac chopper touch down . general garner leap out and hurry to we guy . gen . garner you give I a scare . hannibal do we miss the war ? gen . garner just the fall of Baghdad . ( then ) the museum be loot . every damn stone of it . hannibal they do not get the good stuff . General garner follow B.A. , face , and hannibal to the back of the rig . B.A. throw OPEN the door ... a 100 pound sack fall out . split OPEN ... pistachio . but no art . garner look at the three of they confuse . gen . garner where the hell be it ? extreme close on hannibal : monotone , as if repeat it for the thousandth time . 19 . hannibal in the truck . where we put it . widen . ext . military tribunal - camp doha , kuwait CITY U.S. central command , kuwait . B.A. face a judge advocate ( major ) while three military judge look on . judge advocate you be tell the court it disappear ? : _ hannibal thing do not just disappear . judge advocate you do . . pan the court , crowded . B.A. and face , up front . general garner , directly behind they . hannibal look a officer , intently make note on a clipboard . cid captain teomas V. lynch ( 32 ) tighten he square jaw as he write . Crew cut , pug nose betray work class irish root . next to Lynch be he put-upon assistant , lieutenant angel sosa , 23 , latina , stun dark eye . briefcase bulg with file . judge advocate ( cont 'd ) you disappear for twenty - four hour . luckily , you be stop try to cross the syrian border . ( beat ) I would like to show the court live video feed from the attack on the museum . light off . room go dark . video fill a courtroom screen . edited for effect . artifact load on the rig . incoming mortar round ... chinook evacuate the staff ... hannibal lock the rig 's door ... the rig drive away . . the light come back on . judge advocate ( cont ‘d ) Colonel Smith , you be order to evacuate with you man . you disobey that order and stay behind . ' operation Friends of Liberty 's be you chance for larceny . you plan it all along , do not you ? 20 . hannibal as a soldier , you learn the same lesson over and over . nothing ever come together the way you plan it . the judge advocate walk back . stops. turn . judge advocate one last question . be not it true you majore in art history ? hannibal just stare at the guy , he face go hot . later : B.A. sit on the stand . judge advocate ( cont 'd ) sgt . bosco Arnold baracas be offer leniency to testify against Colonel Smith . he refuse . ( a dramatic beat ) now I offer it one last time . tell we what Colonel smith do with the artifact , and you can avoid prison . B.A. lock eye with the advocate . b.a . you want I . to lie to save my ass . that 's old army , sir . I be new army . Army of one . hannibal smile . / judge advocate suit yourself . not everyone be as stubborn or as stupid as you . the judge advocate 's eye move to face , who look down , shame . later : face be on the stand , look squeamish . he will not make eye contact with hannibal or b.a . judge advocate ( cont ‘d ) do you or do you not see Colonel John Smith and sergeant baracus switch out the trailer with the steal goods : the advocate lean in , gently , like a father ... judge advocate ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) he can not get to you if you tell the truth . oo of ee 21 . face nod , like he 's troubled ... but then he set he jaw , like he 's go to do what 's right . he lock eye with hannibal ... face T can not lie for you anymore , Colonel ... hannibal stand up ... hannibal you goddam benedict Arnold ... the judge be bang the gavel , try to get control of this proceedings . chief judge that 's enough ! face ( still to hannibal ) just tell ‘em where you bury the art . hannibal sit down , stunne , realize he 's be play . judge advocate no further question . face stand up and start to be lead away , close to the table hold the defendant ... suddenly , hannibal launch for face , even cuffed ... B.A. do the same , fight through the mps who be try to restrain he ... it 's a melee in the cozy confines of the courtroom ... as hannibal knock face to the ground ... face get ‘em off I ! finally , the mps get hannibal and B.A. restrain . face get up , breathe hard . we do not think there 's go to be any more say , but ... : face ( cont 'd ) I tell ‘em what I know , Colonel ... that 's it ! hannibal launch again , but this time the mps pull they in opposite direction . as they be be push toward doorway on either end of the corridor , hannibal kick the whole way , B.A. 22 . turn and give face one last death stare . Lynch watch * the whole time , make note . * int . military tribunal - later hannibal and B.A. stand in front of the judge , face conspicuously miss now . * chief judge on the twenty - six felony count , the court find you guilty as charge . you will serve two year on each count to run consecutively . bang , gavel down . captain lynch be suddenly stand right in front of hannibal . hannibal we be railroad . and woulda be find guilty even without peck 's testimony . lynch you be give a fair trial . he reach out . take off hannibal 's special force pin . a insult , and a humiliation . hannibal I nil be come for that . lynch somehow I do not think you will . hannibal just stare at he while he be lead away . * slow dissolve : steel grate over a dirty window , into frame : hannibal , peek outside . widen . int . / ext . mp bus - U.S. army base — day cross the immense base on its own highway , heavy with traffic . B.A. and hannibal , the only one inside . card : U.S. army confinement facility - mannheim , germany bus pass family housing , shopping center , a active airport ... but hannibal be stare at the flat- roofed prison complex in the distance . Three perimeter of wire . 23 . int . prison - courtyard - day bus door OPEN . B.A. step down first . hannibal behind he , he hand manacle and leg chain . lieutenant sosa be wait for they with a armed mp escort . hannibal Point the way , sergeant . sosa the : prisoner will remain silent while be process . b.a . you be address a colonel in the United States special force . sosa I '' address prisoner number 709821 . int . ' C 's dormitory - hannibal 's cell - day 6 x 10 cinder block . vertical window . steel toilet . hannibal arrange a few book , magazine . sit on he cot with a newspaper , as the door open . a mp guard shout . mp guard attention . hannibal stand easily . captain lynch stride in , plant he foot . same clipboard we see at the trial . lynch the prisoner 's read privilege have be rescind . he snatch the newspaper from hannibal 's hand . lynch ( cont ’d ) ditto all mail privilege . you will be limited to a single , half hour yard break . visit to the library , weight room , and tv room be cancel until . further notice . non-essential conversation curtail . hannibal you sure seem to be take this personally . Lynch lift the clipboard , jot a note . make hannibal feel like he 's with the principal . 24 . lynch maybe I be a art lover . maybe I get squeamish at the think of priceless artifact bury somewhere in the iraqi desert , steal for personal profit by a traitor to he uniform . maybe I get a little pique at every news channel and paper back home call the army I love and respect and have dedicated my life to a bunch of incompetent , amoral idiot for allow the iraqi National Museum to get loot . or maybe I just do not like you . hannibal that 's a lot of maybe . Long beat . lynch enjoy you day , prisoner . he turn and leave . hannibal get up and move to the door ... hannibal can I at least have a cigar ... but all he get be heel clicking down the hallway . int . prison cafeteria — dawn hannibal slide along the counter with he tray . watch a kitchen worker spoon gray oatmeal into a bowl . hannibal nlook at bowl ) okay , I give up . what be it ? follow hannibal ( tight shot ) , jogging with other prisoner around the yard . drenched in sweat . pass man ten year young . . reverse : ext . guard tower - prison yard - morning lynch adjust mounted field glass . lynch give he just enough privilege to get comfortable and then take they away one by one . ( more ) 25 . lynch ( cont 'd ) eventually , he 'il tell we what we need to know for the puff of one cigar . sosa look over at B.A. in another section of the yard . sosa what about the sergeant ? lynch he do not know dick . let he rot . sosa yes , sir . Lynch look over at sosa ... lynch by the way ... I send you reference out to General tasker . I let he know I be consider give you advanced responsibility on this . she lower 's the binoc . sosa I appreciate that , sir . --- and we ... move down to prison yard ( continuous ) hannibal find B.A. play with a family of mangy feral cat .. hannibal squat , a huge tabby brushes back and forth against he leg . meow like he demand attention . hannibal where would you come from tough guy ? b.a . they move back and forth , from the prison , to the town . seein 's who will feed they the most . hannibal smart puss . hannibal scoops the tabby up and scratch its belly till it purr . he put it down and start jogging again ... 26 . int . hanntbal 's cell - night hannibal sew a torn shirt while Lynch finish make note in he clipboard . hanntbal if you be wait for I to break , you might want to buy a recliner and settle in . lynch tell we where you bury the art and t’1l get you better food , transfer to a nicer base , better climate ... hannipal I bury it in you mother 's —- lynch ( cut he off ) guard ! the mp guard appear . swipe a cell card to open the lock . lynch ( cont ’d ) keep it up . it 'il just make it all the more satisfy to watch you crack . Lynch move off . the mp guard lock the cell again . hannibal fall back on he cot . light off . beat ... hannibal roll off , by the wall . closer . he poke the wall with the needle . plaster fall away . hannibal feel 'it . dry , brittle . chip some more . sweep the mess into he pockst . roll back on he cot . the camera move down to ... B.A. be cell : --- where it find he cot empty . empty because he 's tie some rope to the roof of he cell and be busy do chin up ... grunt ... muscle poop out of he wife -beater . dissolve to : ext . guard tower - prison yard - day lynch , bent over the field glass . watch hannibal intensely . see the same daily routine ... 27 . into Pov : hannibal finish a run around the yard . sit 's with b.a . the feral tabby jump in he arm . he stroke it . int . prison - corridor - night lynch leave hannibal 's cell as the light go off . hannibal wait , roll to the wall . closer . he scrape congeal oatmeal from the wall into a BOWL . thick as putty , it conceal he hole . hannibal wriggle through . inside the wall . hannibal move between the wall and the mechanical . climb a steel ladder . at the top , brace , kick out a galvanize exhaust . wriggles outside . on a narrow ledge . below , a flat roof , another 25 's drop to the ground . hannibal look across ... over playing field ... to wood outside the base ... not that far . if you discount three wall cf razor wire . he turn back . as he pull the exhaust into place , it slip . fall to the roof below . there 's no retrieve it . close on captain lynch : Bright and fresh at 0500 , walk with sosa and the mp guard . they proceed round the corner to hannibal 's cell . pan the cell . empty ... lynch ( tight , to sosa ) where be the prisoner ? sosa stare at the mp guard , freeze in disbelief . sosa open the door . he quickly swipe the lock with he key card . pushes inside . no sign of hannibal . Lynch leok around . kick the cot aside . wet he finger , kneel , run it over the floor . close on he finger , a trace of plaster dust . ... sosa run she hand over the wall . feel the oatmeal . punch through , revealing the hole ... 28 . between the wall ( continuous ) Lynch follow sosa through . she shine .a flashlight . the beam catch the hole where the exhaust use to be ... sosa shit . lynch ( into two - way ) we have a breach . lock down the base . get the dog . close on two german shepherd , strain at they leash . crazy with a new scent . held back by two specialist . widen . ext . prison - security gate Lynch watch as the dog bark at one of hannibal ' 's shirt . snap at the perimeter . sosa stand back . first dog specialist get he . Lynch lock past the playing field ... to the wood outside the base ... lynch he make it out . ( to sosa ) I want a full search team . sosa yes , sir . ( then ) rubber bullet , sir ? lynch the prisoner spend the last two decade in special force . . he 's a weapon and a danger . we go out ' live . 's she almost say something . his glare make she hold she tongue . the specialist un -clip the leash . the dog streak away like heat - seek rocket . * 29 . int . hannibal 's cell - same time Silent , then ... push close on the cot . we hear a soft rip sound from the mattress . even closer .. a hand appear . hannibal dig out of the mattress . Falls to the floor , choke for air . spit cotton fluff . close on B.A. : carry a stack of six cinder block on he shoulder . widen : prison construction site - day prisoner labor detail . most man carry two block . B.A. set EIGHT block by a fresh hole . walk back to the truck . they react as a alarm sound . tug at B.A. 's leg . tilt down . | hannibal , under the truck . hannibal you ready to clear we name , sergeant ? b.a . what take you so get -damn long ? int . prison garage - day hannibal and B.A. slip inside . move along a row of lift , till they find a humvee not pull apart . hannibal drop it down . look inside . no key . hannibal can you jump this ? B.A. just look at he like he 's insulted . hannibal ( cont ‘d ) okay ... get she run ... in the humvee - moment later : B.A. spark it up and the engine turn over ... he throw it into gear , begin to slam on the gas ... but hannibal look over at he ... hannibal if you run with I , there 's no turn back . 30 . B.A. match he stare ... b.a . I enlist out of the blue . on my way to bust some guy 's jaw , see a picture of a black soldier in a store front window . Left South Central L.A. that day . never even see the ocean before . I trust the spirit inside . hannibal what 's you spirit tell you now ? B.A. smile . b.a . it 's tell I to '' drive . '' widen . B.A. take off towards the metal garage door . suddenly , a mp , right in front of they . beefy , armed . . B.A. blow past he and the mp race to the emergency panel . slap it . the overeead door start to close ... alarm scream . b.a . ( cont 'd ) I do not have it . hannibal do not stop . B.A. push the humvee , the steel door slam into the roof , B.A. 's door pop , a metal strip slice he arm . crane up , as they speed onto the MAIN base road . intercut : forrest — mannheim - same time Lynch and sosa run up , gasp for air . the dog claw at a cave open in a rock cliff . cover in shrub . lynch ( shout ) Colonel , I be prepare to use gas if you do not come out . no response . lynch ( cont 'd ) ( then , to sosa ) Fire a round . sosa fire a gas cartridge into the hole . beat ... two feral cat emerge . the tabby run to sosa 's arm . 31 . closer . a strip of hannibal 's shirt , tie around its girth . the dog bark wildly . sosa laugh suddenly . sosa we follow the cat . lynch , so piss he can not speak . lynch lock down the base . ext . prison base - in the humvee ( moving ) hannibal check a large gash in B.A. 's leave arm . he 's bleed profusely . hannibal how bad , sergeant ? B.A. I can handle it . hannibal you will not stay conscious long enough to ' handle it '. hannibal look around . Pov : see a squat , four story build with ambulance park alongside . a doctor wearing a white lab coat be just about to climb in the back of one of the ambulance ... the humvee roar to a stop and hannibal jump out ... hannibal -( cont ’d ) medic ... we need help . the doctor turn to look at they as hannibal get B.A. down from behind the wheel . , tall doctor sorry , I be graft a gastroepiploic artery at 0800 . hannibal just look at he . he relent , check B.A. 's arm . make a yucky - face . tall doctor my God , well , we soldier deserve the best . and that would be I . he open he medical bag and take out a syringe ... 32 . b.a . what 's that ? tall doctor a sedative . b.a . just stitch I . B.A. offer he arm . the Doctor shrug , pull out a needle , quickly thread in some suture ...- and start to sew up the arm ... B.A. do not even blink . just then ... a loud siren make they all jump . hannibal can you sew on the fly , doc ? he open the door to the ambulance as ... --+b.a. climb in back , follow by hannibal . the doctor hop in behind they ... tall doctor I can sew on a fly or a butterfly or a grasshopper or ... hey ... be you gonna turn the red light on ... hannibal {that be random ) Excuse I ? just then ... nurse ( from behind ) '' Captain murdock ? a middle - age nurse carry a BOX of powder donut gape at the tall Doctor up in the ambulance . murdcck not now , nurse crotched . you know my office hour . he try to close the door . she catch they deftly . nurse you know you can not leave the ward . hannibal process this . : hannibal what ' ward 's be you talk about , mar ’am ? 33 . nurse Captain murdock have be a guest in psychiatrics for the last six month . murdock ( laugh , too loud ) clever , nurse . clever . I be a attend doctor of internal medicine at johns hopkins Medical College , with a speciality in cardiovascular disease ... nurse you be a diagnose psychotic with bipolar mania and dissociate identity disorder . two mp 's be walk they way . hannibal ocheck e.a. 's stitches ) I have see field dressing and this be not too bad . b.a . ' too bad 's be not good enough . hannibal ( to nurse ) he will be back in time for he afternoon med . thank you , nurse . hannibal heave murdock back in . but first murdock snag the donut . door slam on the startle nurse . the ambulance peel away . follow ambulance ( moving ) down a black top road . hannibal turn from behind the wheel ... hannibal keep stitching , Captain ... murdock shrug and get he needle ready ... b.a . do not touch I , nut job . murdock what if she have not say anything ? I mean , if a word 's misspel in the dictionary , would we ever know ? 34 . b.a . you face be gonna be misspel . hannibal push the ambulance ... 60 , 70 , 80 mph ... hannibal shit . a line of m.p. humvee , appear from the opposite direction . hannibal slump down . Pov : passing by -- lynch and sosa , in the lead humvee . close on sosa , eye lock on a driverless window . she lean out , look back . hannibal pop up , check he rearview . well past they . relaxes . Jill he see the entire column of humvee turn around . hannibal ( cont ’d ) we need to get off this base . hannibal veer down a empty black top , find himself ... widen . base airport utility road ( continuous ) the airport be the size of a small city facility . jets , prop , helicopter , hangar , runways ... and lot of military personnel . hannibal check the rearview again . mp humvee close the gap . he look around ... sit alone , away from everything else , on the last , and longest , runway ... a massive C - 130 hercule transport cargo plane . rear loading BAY OPEN . three abram tank ready - for load by ground crew . B.A. ( to hannibal ) you can not hijack a plane ! there 's too many ground crew . murdock be look at a red locker in the ambulance . murdock can I make a suggestion ? 35 . ext . c-130 hercule ( continuous ) ground crewmen stare out at the commotion in the distance . spook by the alarm siren . startle as the ambulance jolt to a stop right at the cargo BAY . hannibal , murdock and B.A. leap out in hazmat suit . weird out the crew . hannibal ( filter ) what the hell be you still do here ? we have a anthrax situation on the base . murdock brushes by a crew man . closer . he dust powder from a donut on he shoulder . murdock ( shout ) sir , right here . hannibal run over . the crew man boggle . hannibal push he into the ambulance . hannibal drive yourselves to the e.r. stat. everybody in . now . the crew squeeze into the ambulance . hannibal ( cont 'd ) you life be on the clock . go , go o° . the ambulance wheel off . ' they watch as the m.p. humvee column veer away to follow . they strip off the hazmat suit . run up the ramp . int . c-130 hercule - cargo hold ( continuous ) three abram tank , one blackhawk , already load . hannibal anyone know how to drive a tank ? b.a . we would be strong , but we would be slow . they have catch we in a second . hannibal be look around , think ... he 's frustrated ... 36 . hannibal * goddammit . okay . we be just gonna have * to run for it . l let 's hit the fence * and ... * murdock speak up ... * murdock iocan fly you out . hannibal * what ? : * murdcck * I be ... I mean ... I ama pilot . * B.A. 's have enough . he grab murdock by the neck . slam he against the blackhawk . b.a . you be a medic , too , right ? what else ? Senator ? astronaut ? murdock psssh . no ... he look at hannibal like B.A. 's the lunatic . hannibal move in , lock eye with murdock , dead serious . hannibal I have see man crack in battle . and I have see man pretend to crack to avoid battle . I do not need to know you story . but I need to know this ... can you fly this bird ? murdock ( steady ) if it 's get wing or rotor , I can fly it . hannibal nod . hannibal then take she up . in the cockpit , murdock go through the pre-flight . massive prop roar to life . hannibal look up to see B.A. offer he hand . b.a . here 's where I go my own way , sir . you * know I gotta have my foot on the ground . * ( more ) 37 . B.A. ( cont 'd ) you want to put you life into toucan Sam 's hand , be my guest . but I be not get in no airplane with he . hannibal I think you might say that . hannibal plunge that sedative needle into B.A. 's arm . B.A. make a face , then , drop like a stone , right next to the doctor 's bag at hannibal 's foot . wide shot - airport runway lynch have stop the ambulance . the crew chief and he man have they arm up . try to explain about the powder ... on sosa : shield she eye . stare at something ... into Pov : far runway . the C - 130 move slowly down the long runway . cargo BAY ramp , still OPEN . sosa that hercules be move , sir . Lynch turn and look . lynch but neither man be a pilot . int . c-130 hercule ( continuous ) pick up speed . murdock be check gauge . now hannibal can feel the wind from the OPEN cargo door . hannibal Close the ramp , captain . murdock try a lever . the radio come on , play music . murdock it 's around here ... somewhere . hannibal watch murdock fumble . suddenly , a voice on they two - way . ' AIR control ( through headset ) bpple-3-delta-7-7 - Victor , you be not clear for take off . repeat . you be order to come to a full stop . hannibal take we up , captain . 38 . murdcck Fine ... he pull back hard on the stick . ext . airport ~ hangar — same time Lynch spin , as the C - 130 lift off . beat . one of the abram tank simply slip down the cargo ramp ... crash !... leave a crater in the tarmac . lynch ( into radio ) get the wing commander . I want jet in the air . now . wide shot - c-130 hercule - climbing fast the hercules struggle to ascend . head for the tallest build on the base . a fourteen story apartment complex . murdock uh-oh . the apartment build be right there . ws close on the ramp , the second abram tank slip out ... smash into the roof . but provide just enough lift . the C - 130 just clear the building by inch . murdock ( cont 'd ) ' hahahah ! I can not believe I just do that ! hannibal look at he like the guy really be nut . ext . AIR field - same time two F - 16 's fighter jets ( alpha , beta ) already streaking into take -off ... int . control tower - same time lynch enter , with sosa . confront the chief controller ( at console ) . lynch all flight op 's be under my direct command now . patch I through . the Chief Controller put a head set on Lynch . 39 . lynch ( cont 'd ) ( into two - way ) Colonel Smith , I want you to hear my instruction to we commander . ( then ) commander , you be hereby approve to use lethal force to bring down the hercules . Fire on contact . f-16 alpha rocketing towards the C - 130 , come quickly into view . alpha pilot Roger control , lock - in target . releasing sidewinder . a missile streak from its wing , vapor trail trace its path to the hercules . int . c-130 hercule - same time hannibal see a infinite range of majestic cloud ahead . some with the deep purple opaqueness of STORM cloud . hannibal make for that storm bank . murdock there 's enough electricity in there to light up Berlin . hannibal outstanding . widen , just as the C - 130 bank into the cloud , they be rock by a enormous explosion . cargo ramp , blow away by the sidewinder . the remain abram tank begin to roll backward , and fall out . int . alpha F - 16 -— same time alpha pilot ( into two - way ) confirm hit . the Alpha Pilot 's eye widen suddenly . alpha pilot ( cont ’d ) wait ... I be be intercept . 40 . lynch by what ? pilot in cockpit Pov : the abram tank tumble at he . alpha pilot a tank ! - punch wide . the pilot have one second to eject . shot up and free , as the tank rip the jet : in two . int . c-130 hercule - same time murdock fight to keep control of the big plane . , hannibal stay in the cloud cover . i into frame — F - 16 bravo , streak after they . cloud rumble . flash of lightning . then , the bravo pilot see the hercule . bravo plot target locate . target lock -in. he roll the jet behind the C - 130 . hand punch the release . ... missile streak from the wing . Pov : direct hit on the C - 130 . a mammoth fireball . and a zillion piece of metal rain down in a cloud of smoke . intercut : control tower - same time Lynch hear the Pilot 's report . bravo pilot ( on two - way ) ' confirm kill . repeat . hercules intercept with lethal force . Lynch do not smile , just nod , satisfied . lynch ( to sosa ) Change the search - and -secure order to search - and -recovery . I want the body id would . every piece . sosa swallow hard . 41 . sosa yes , sir . out of the cloud bank - same time the blackhawk helicopter , fall , spin like a top . inside : hannibal and murdock , fight for control . B.A. , still unconscious , strapped to a seat . hannibal do you know what 's wrong , captain ? murdock well , let 's start with the fact that I have never fly one of this before ... hannibal you say anything with rotor ! murdock rotor ! right ! . he flip a switch ... on rotors . start to spin , stop , then FIRE up . murdock find the horizon . ... the helicopter finally level off . speed through the cloud bank . ext . desert - american / kuwaiti check point - night one of hundred of small border post . immensely hot , dusty . pike have he lap top balanced on a humvee bumper . he close it . turn to face ... ' a american marine corporal , flummox at a stack of dock receipt . marine corporal I do not want to hold you up . but this code be not in my computer . card : kuwait - check point 172 card : kuwallt - cheer vie ate pike mind if we go inside outta the heat and call it in ? marine corporal make my life easier . . Pike follow behind to a trailer set by barb wire . a2 . inside the trailer . three marine , plague by paperwork . do not even lock up as the marine corporal enter . marin corporal ( cont ’d ) ( turn to Pike ) what 's you contractor id again ? pike m - 16 . marine corporal what ? pike whip out a m - 16 and open FIRE . killing the Marines before they realize what 's happen . new angle . pike run back to he humvee and wait for a second set of headlight to move out of the darkness . he lead the 18 wheeler across the border . dissolve : close on B.A. , eye flutter , OPEN slowly . ... into B.A. 's Pov : curlicue of cloud glide by in a golder dawn , like a baroque mural . glaze smile , until ... rack focus , B.A. look below ... into B.A. ‘s Pov : glide over a thick mountain forest , the chopper look for a open spect to touch down . widen , as the chopper land . B.A. see murdock at the control . murdock give he a big grin . B.A. 's eye go wide ... he 's furious . * hannibal * good morning , sergeant . * hannibal help he out of the chopper ... * B.A. you do not do to I what I think you * do . * hannibal * it be that or back to cat wrangle * behind razor wire . and look , you foot * * be already on solid ground again . * B.A. be still groggy , but he scowl . 43. b.a . where they be stay from now on . where be we anyway ? hannibal Italy . not far from naple . b.a . what the hell we do in Italy ? hannibal check up on someone . wide shot - naple , italy ~ day , choke with traffic and smog . highest crime . rate in Italy . some neighborhood off-limit even to the police . widen : ext . warehouse - day Old stone building in a neighborhood of wind narrow lane . six italian men linger sullenly in front . Young thug for the camorra , the napoli crime syndicate . int . warehouse ( continuous ) a storehouse of stolen good . pile haphazardly before be sell on the black market . find giovanni agostelli ( 42 ) , canny , bullish , smoking a expensive cigar . a shrewd survivor of frequent local gang war . . agostelli ( in italian ; subtitle ) l'avete portato ? ( do you bring it ? ) the camera find face , examine a red ferrari park in the warehouse . face Si , si , attesa . ( chill . face kneel , run he hand over the front bumper . stop when he catch he reflection in the chrome . run he hand through he hair , admire himself . face ( cont 'd ) this car have be rebuilt . * 44 , agostslli I swear on my mother 's grave . it be untouched . perfetto. ( pique ) be you call meat liar ? face raise the hood . face they build three 1962 m tri / lm 's . one for Prince ranier of Monaco , one for marcello mastrioanni , and this . not one be ever weld ... here . caught in a lie , agostelli just laugh . agostelli I ‘’1l knock off ten thousand . face fifty . agostelli bastardo . thirty . but I want to see the big machina first . face no problem . face start to leave . agostelli wait . my brother Antonio will go with you . just so there be not any . problem . ANTONIO , a skinny , weasely look gangster wear dark sunglass with a toothpick wedge in he mouth step over to face . face the more the merrier . ext . naple - STREET face move quickly down a lane . descend stone step . toward a parking lot . two young italian women pass he . one woman blow a kiss . face clutches he heart but keep walk . Antonio hustle to keep up . 45 . pan a flatbed truck , a canvas tarp over the back , cover something big . face lift the tarp to check on it . punch : murdock , sit in front of a huge engine . murdock I love the sound of a f/a - 18 jet engine . like a panther in heat . face be stunne . hannibal , appear behind , drive a fist into face 's side , double he over , and take he gun . Antonio turn to run and move right into a hard elbow from B.A. , knock he completely off he foot . the guy be down for the count . hannibal hiya , face . face oh ...uh . hi , Colonel . sergeant . uh ... you guy ...um... must have ... you get out ? hannibal yeah . early release . face oh , good . that 's great . seriously . I mean ... I just want to get out so I could ... um ... work from the outside to help clear ... all of we ... uh ... hannibal work the outside huh ? hannibal haul back and punch he in the gut again . he crumple to the ground . hannibal ( cont ’d ) how be you outside feel now ? face get to one knee , try to get he breath . face I probably deserve that ... but listen ... I get dishonorably discharge , man . sir. after 12 year . I give up a lot ... b.a . not as much as you be go to give up . 46 . B.A. grab he , be about to smash he face in ... hannibal wait . B.A. stop . hannibal ( cont ’d ) how would you get the engine to a american fighter jet ? face ebay . I be the final bidder . hannibal nod at B.A. who pull he fist back . we face ( cont 'd ) whoa whoa ... okay . I have get a deal go . hannibal with ? face ( admit ) Giovanni agostelli . hannibal agostelli be . comorra . b.a . what 's that ? hannibal napolian . crime syndicate . ( accusingly to face ) well know for fencing famous work of art . you get some art to sell , face ? face who ? I ? B.A. slam face against the truck , where face see murdoch sit on the engine like he 's riding .a horse . face ( cont ’d ) who 's the cowboy ? b.a . a nut - cracker we pick up on the way . and he 's still more of a man than you . hannibal lean in close . 47 . hannibal take we to agostelli . int . warehouse - moment later agostelli watch as face stroll back into the warehouse , empty hand . the thug walk in , agostelli where 's my engine ? where 's my brother ? face uh ... T have a problem . agcstelli what problem ? hannibal me. in the room all point gun at hannibal as he puffing a cigar . agostelli . tf this be a raid , you will die first . hannibal if this be a raid , I no be run too . I just escape military prison for a exime I do not commit . agostelli that 's very move and all but I do not give a shit . ( eyeing face ) we be in the middle of a business negotiation ... hannibal then let 's talk business . the comorra fence the rembrandts from the hit on Lord beit 's estate in Ireland . and ' the scream 's theft in Norway . and probably a lot more I do not know about . my guess be you know who 's big enough to move art loot from the iraqi National Museum . agostelli Americans be naive like child . Art be never loot . order be take in advance . customer satisfied . what make you think I have tell you ? 48 . just then , they hear the SOUND of a jet engine revving up outside the warehouse . hannibal that sound like someone 's be clear for take off ... all the man step ... outside the warehouse : +..to reveal B.A. have rig the engine to a truck battery . the rotor spin , blow back a jet stream . B.A. and murdock be hold up Antonio , just to the side of the engine . hannibal you want to talk business , let 's talk business . you have something I want ... . the name of the fence . I have something you want , you brother still alive . agostelli turn and point he finger into face 's face . agostelli ( furious ) I will not kill you . I will disfigure you face to the point that even you mother will turn away in shame ... face swallow hard . hannibal oshout over the engine ) murdock ... what size shoe do agostelli 's brother wear ? murdock quickly take off one of Antonio 's shoe , examine ite .. . murdock ( shout ) I do not know ... where be the size on this ... forty - three , what kind of a size be forty - three ... whoops ... he dramatically toss it into the rotors . grind . the shoe blow out the other side as leather dust . hannibal wow. 49 . hannibal lock eye with agostelli . hannibal ( cont 'd ) the name , agostelli . agostelli eye he , hotly . hannibal turn to b.a ... hannibal ( cont 'd ) shred he , sergeant ... B.A. lift up Antonio 's body over he head as easy as lift a doll . he head towards the intake . agcstelli basta !... stop. okay ... okay ... dimitri grushko . hannibal wait for more . . agostelli ( cont ’d ) grushko have friend in the kremlin and can middle - man anything he want . I have hear rumor he 's bring in big client for a new auction . something about a golden vase . hannibal signal and murdock shut off the engine . he get in close to agostelli . hannibal ( intense ) you may be comorra , but we be the blackness uncle Sam will not talk about . if you open you mouth about this , you will see we again , and then you will not see anything again . ever . he turn and walk over to B.A. and murdock . call out over he shoulder ... hannibal ( cont 'd ) keep the engine and the car . you brother will call you as soon as we be safely out of here . they start to walk away ... B.A. notice something ... B.A. hey ... where 's peck ... hannibal do what he do best . save he own skin . 50 . ext . STREET — naple - day face , move quickly , look over he shoulder . on he cell . face ntalk as he run ) I want to speak to Lieutenant angel sosa . intercut : mannhetm base — airplane hangar - same time '' lt.. sosa pull off rubber glove . exhausted , a night without sleep . step back to gaze at she work . widen . the reconstruct C - 130 , and all its content . tank and blackhawks . from thousand of teeny piece . mounted on frame . a jigsaw puzzle from Hell . lynch appear . sosa we have recover everything ... except one blackhawk helicopter . Lynch nod , know what this mean . lynch godammit . how be I go to explain this ? sosa 's cell vibrate . sosa ( inte cell ) sosa . back to face . intercut : face this be templeton peck . what the fuck ? a little warning that that maniac get out ... sosa ( to Lynch ) it 's peck . Lynch grab - the cell phone . lynch ( into cell ) this be Captain Lynch . sl. stay with face : at a street corner , we realize face be watch hannibal , B.A. ( hold Antonio ) , and murdock walk down a alley toward a black van . face ( into the phone ) shut up . and listen . I know you be trace this so I x11 be quick . I bring you you miss prisoner again and the iraqi loot and I get a honorable discharge ... tell I we have a deal ... lynch I can not just ... face you get two second or I lose they forever ... lynch it 's a deal . face I 'il be in touch . face snap the cell phone shut ... and we cut to : int . van - day B.A. start it up but suddenly face be stand in front of it , he arm out . he move around to the window ... speak past B.A. to hannibal ... face I want in . hannibal I do not give a damn . kill he B.A. b.a.. shoot he hand out and grab face by the throat . . face look , I wanna make it up to you . I would never survive prison . you know what they do to guy as good look as I . I get nervous . I lie about you and the art and I be sorry . * 52 . hannibal then why be you with agostelli ? face I would like to clear my name as much as you . B.A. squeeze harder ... face ( cont 'd ) look , you know I can deal better than anyone , and what you need now be a sophisticated negotiator . that Russians - will smell a rat a mile away . b.a . you get a lot of nerve talk about rat . face choke ... hannibal just watch , semi-amuse . finally ... . hannibal hop in , Lieutenant . there might be some use for you yet . B.A. reluctantly let he go and we quickly cut to : the van : ++- peel out , the back door open , and Antonio be toss into the street as the van roar away . aerial over - port of varna , bulgaria - day crowd with cruise ship off-load . capitalism pour into the former Communist stalwart . title : Port of varna , Bulgaria . continue over the dock , now we see private yacht and cruiser ... the new ruling class ... hold on one yacht , out of scale with the other . Worthy of royalty . radar , helipad , car port with bentley . on stern , in english and cyrillic : gorky pull back - same shot through field glass , hannibal watch from a small balcony adjoin to a crummy HOTEL overlook the port . count crewmen . half of they must be security . this be 2 float fortress . he 's talk on a cell phone . we hear both intercut ... gen . garner I be get worried . hannibal not as worried as I be . gen . garner 53 . side and after you find the vase , get across the turkish border . I x11 have a chopper wait to pull you out . the court will have to overturn you charge . ( point ) be careful , hannibal , the guy who 's go to slam the knife in you back be usually stand right next to you . just then , face pop he head out ... face you ready ? hannibal ( into the phone ) message receive , sir . he hang up and step with face back into a ... HOTEL room : a crooked ceiling fan go thwap - thwap . murdock and B.A. be wear custom uniform . face be in a hannibal be wear a dark suit . hannibal ( to B.A. and murdock ) full tuxedo . wait for my signal . then board strong . seize the vase . arrest we . get off fast . we need to be long go before grushko know who we be . and tap that radar tower . I do not want any surprise . b.a . I bet cover boy will provide the surprise . meaning face , who be brush he hair in the mirror . face stop in mid-preen , turn , and walk over to B.A. get in he face . 54 . face you know what , bosco ? I be get tired of the accusation . B.A. look like he 's ready to rip he limb from limb ... they nose inch apart . face ( cont ’d ) I know I do not swipe the art . I be pretty sure the Colonel do not swipe the art . loony tune be not there . . the only thing I be not sure about be what hand you play in this . : b.a . you finish ? face it depend . B.A. then let I tell you something , face -man . there be nine commandment in the Bible that I try to live by . '' thou shalt not steal '' be something Mrs. baracas teach I when I be a pup and I have never break it . murdock pipe up ... murdock be not there ten commandment ? b.a . I tend to look past the one about not kill . especially when we be talk about rat . he and face be still eye to eye . hannibal finish tie he tie . hannibal enough . they will be plenty of time to kill each other later . right now , let 's save it for the Russians . and with that , we cut to ... ext . on the dock - near the gorky -— day a shiny black quattroporte stop . hannibal watch the gorky for a moment . face and hannibal get out . 55 . face you be just leave the car ? it cost I a rolex to bribe the dealer . . hannibal a knock off , right ? face start to deny it , then smile . hannibal be already walk away . on the gangway . hannibal whisper last minute instruction to face . hannibal ( cont 'd ) when the auction start , do not do anything to signal a bid . do not cough , scratch you ear , smile . face do not worry about I . hannibal and grushko have a wife . I do not know what 's Russian for ' Pet of the Year 's but if she drop a napkin , walk away . do not even look at she . face what year be she ? security men in tuxedo frisk they as they step on board . int . gorky ~ MAIN deck - common room appoint in teak and brass . attractive russian hostess serve well - dress men and women , grushko 's client . face enter with hannibal , like he 's the buyer and hannibal 's he assistant . hannibal there it be . a spotlight hit a table . draped in black velvet . the gold vase . hannibal ( cont ‘d ) keep a eye out for grushko . face De we know what he look like ? hannibal like dirty money . 56 . face lock eye with a blonde ( 20' ) , leg so long they seem to bestride the world . she make a beeline for face . tall blonde ( Russian accent ) be you as bored as I be ? face not anymore . she sip from a flute of champagne . face suddenly realize she other hand be in he pocket . tall blonde I misplace my hotel key in you pocket . face if I find they , I '11 run they over to you tonight . hannibal pull , lead face away . face ( cont ’d ) hey . it 's a party . I be be social . hannibal it 's a mission . you be be suicidal . a_short man . with the pallor of a vampire block they way . dimitri grushko , 40n , kinky black hair , dead black eye , fake smile . grushko I see you have meet my wife . face yeah ... she 's uh ... grushko i do not know you . face you do not need to know I . you just need to know my black american Express . grushko really ? he laugh dryly , like he 's not really amused . grushko ( cont 'd ) - tell I one thing you own . something impossible . 57 . hannibal see several security men close in . for a second , we do not think face be go to answer . then ... face I buy the original sketch for ren and stimpy . grushko stare . hannibal be sure face have just get they kill . just when we think that 's all he 's get ... face ( cont ’d ) which I trade for maradona 's cleat from the 1994 World Cup . I turn that for a small painting of St. Francis that turn out to be a Zubaran steal from the prado . , grushko expression be slowly turn into a smile ... face ( cont 'd ) flip that for twelve Mark Rothko 's steal from he soho loft . which let I finance the gardner Museum theft in Boston . which get I my first Leonardo . do not you hate the riff raff call he " davinei ' ? grushko laugh a belly life . grushko okay , friend . a collector like you will be satisfied here . grushko leave with he wife . hannibal shit . face what ? hannibal we be move . B.A. ( two - way ) you nre move . at the stern , massive engine be churn water . the gorky be pull away form the dock . on B.A. and murdock . B.A. start lope down the dock . 58 . hannibal ( two - way ) get it . all right . find something that float and follow we out . we stick with the plan . with B.A. and murdock . move to a bulgarian custom hsv ( High speed vessel ) . mounted 50 mm . two jet skis at back . b.a . can you drive this boat ? murdock this thing be fast . I like fast . murdock jump on board , move into the cabin . start the supercharged engine . a shout below . a bulgarian custom officer lumber up , just awake . B.A. grab he wrist , pull he out ... flip he overboard . b.a . move we out . widen . murdock maneuver the hsv into the harbor . immediately clip the back of a ketch , over -correct , carom off a power boat ... b.a . ( cont 'd ) think you could drive this thing . murdock I be directionally challenge . b.-a. get in he face . b.a . my foot ' 's about to be directionally challenge . murdock take it easy , sergeant . maybe you have like some of my medication ... they 's 1ll - sort out you anger issue ... ° B.A. ( interrupt ) my cousin jamal ? so whacked - out nobody ever bother he . till we realize he be pick off we girlfriend behind we back , like a dog . you can not bullshit I . you be not crazy . . but murdock be watch something land in the harbor . a amphibious seaplane , huge , majestic . 59 . murdock whoa ... check it out . a beriev be-200 Flying Boat . hcld eighty people . you can . fly around the world and never need a airport . murdock burst into happy tear . . murdock ( cont 's D ) I dream that plane before they build it . B.A. never mind . I take it all back . int . gorky - MAIN deck - common room face watch hannibal , by the vase . study it . grushko hold up he hand at the front . grushko lady and gentleman . lately , I have become dead to . the beauty of what I sell . my eye only see money ... ( with emotion ) today , I be bear again . today I offer you what I believe be man 's first great work of art . bid begin at one hundred million euros . a german dealer call out . : german dealer verify its provenance . grushko aim a remote . punch on screen . dr . al -mahdt , wide -ey . the shot be close up , so he can not see where Al - mahdi be . : grushko you all know Dr. Al - mahdi and trust he opinion . ( to screen ) Professor , tell my client what you see . Al - mahdi ' 's face be rigid , fight fear . dr . al-mahdi this be the golden vase display in the great hall of the iraqi National Museum . hannibal lean close to face . 60 . hannibal ( softly ) I need to see if Al - mahdi be on board . face nod . follow hannibal along the MAIN deck rail , down a stairway to the second deck . through a teak door ... into the second deck corridor . state room on each side . hannibal check the first . sumptuous , but empty . B.A. ( 0.s. ) ( suddenly on two - way ) hannibal , grushko be head for the Russian side of the lake . : hannibal if there 's trouble , they 'il provide back up for he . give I five minute . B.A. ( 0.8 . ) ( two - way ) you might not have five minute . face : he 's snuck : out to the rail . face ( into he phone ) where be you ? intercut : chinook ( moving ) , lynch on he mobile . sosa point to the gps screen . lynch {into phone ) we be turn south ... just minute away . face do not move in until I have the vase . back to hannibal - second deck corridor , try the last door . this one be locked . hannibal force it . step inside ... 61 . convert to a work room . satellite receiver . lap top monitor . ... closer on monitor . al -mahdi , tele - conference in from somewhere else . even closer . Al - mahdi sit on a fold chair , in a empty room , cinder block wall . silhouette of a man o.s. with a rifle , a shadow on the wal ] behind Al - mahdi ... * hannibal ( two - way ) he 's not here . B.A. ( two - way ) see if you can source the data-stream ... : hannibal listen to you ... b.a . I get talent you do not even know about ... hannibal be still watch the monitor ... Al - mahdi start to get out of he chair and a hand reach into the frame and push he back down . hannibal focus in on that hand ... the , just then , a security guard enter , look at hannibal . the longest second in history . both startle . the guard reach in he tuxedo for a pistol , but hannibal pull he into the room by he gun hand . the Guard kick out hannibal 's knee , drop he . a elbow to the Guard 's stomach bend he over . hannibal slap the gun free and it skitter under the equipment . close -in fighting . hannibal spring to he foot . trade vicious blow with the Guard , then snatch up the lap top and swing it like a baseball bat right into the guard 's face . crack ! the Guard drop flat . hannibal leave quickly , lock the door behind . back to the common room face step inside . look for hannibal . grijshko the bid be one hundred and twenty million euros . do I have one-thirty ? a portly chinese billionaire flick he wrist . 62 . grushko ( cont 'd ) ( point to nim ) one hundred and thirty million euros . face 'is sure security men be stare at he . he check he watch anxiously . hannibal appear alongside . B.A. ( 0.8 . ) ( two - way ) hannibal , a Russian patrol ship be haul ass you way . hannibal { two - way ) board . . intercut : B.A. , on bow , he can see a russian navy boat speed into view . B.A. ( call to the cabin ) murdock ! sound the siren . let they know we be board . B.A. look around . murdock be not on the ship . b.a . ( cont ’d ) murdock ? he zeroe in on the spot where the two jet-skis be ... because one of they be now conspicuously go . back to common room . face keep look outside . grushko ( auction continue ) the bid be one hundred and thirty million euros . do I have one-sixty ? anyone else ? once ? twice ? hannibal ( to face ) buy it . face nod , raise a hand . grushko | ( point at face ) one hundred and sixty million euros . do I have one-eighty ?. anyone ? this be a bargain . ( beat ) ( more ) 63 . grushko ( cont 'd ) '' once . twice ... the bid be close . bravo . grushko pick up the vase and carry it to face while the guest applaud . place it in he arm . grushko ( cont 'd ) of course , we need a bank confirmation . if you 'il come with I . grushko direct face to a table with a solid gold phone . hannibal act like he 's face 's assistant ... hannibal I have use the bahamian bank , sir . the swiss be so lethargic . face pick up the phone , try to stall ... . face do you bring my glass , reginald ? widen , as the siren of the custom boat , loud and shrill , penetrate the room . the guest be immediately freak . face ( cont ‘d ) what 's go on here ? grushko calmly signal a guard . put he hand on face 's shoulder , press he into the seat . grushko we will handle it . call . grushko have perfect a way of smile that seem like a death sentence . coming alongside the gorky : B.A. power down the hsv , but not nearly enough . he slam into the gangway , carom into the hull . on hannibal , as the collision rock the boat . grushko shout something in Russian to he man . the yacht 's huge engine suddenly kick up a strong wake . the gorky start move away from the custom boat . B.A. ( into two - way ) he 's run for he Russian friend . hannibal can feel the boat move . 64 . grushko relax , lady and yentleman , we be simply adjust we position . a security guard appear . whisper in grushko 's ear . 's his eye be pure steel as they turn on hannibal . hannibal take the vase , hurl it across the room . guest scream . the guard jump for it ... too late . the vase explode into shard . grushko ( cont ’d ) what have you do ?! hannibal ( announce } it 's the display vase from the museum . a fake . we friend here be scamm he client . and the client know now . they all grab they cell phone , scream for they private yacht . grushko reach for a small , gold walther hand gun . hannibal 's fist fire like a piston to he gut as the gun fire . face push he way through the ensue chaos ... along the rail . face see the chinook move in . he call lynch . face ( on he phone ) it 's a fake . I repeat the vase here be a fake . intercut : lynch - in the chinook , skim over the water towards the gorky . sosa watch the yacht in she field glass . lynch be put a clip into he m16 as he hear face 's voice . face ( over the intercom ) and right now it 's in a million fake piece . tynch shake he head , piss . the pressure get to he ... lynch ( roar ) goddammit ! ( to face ) ( more ) 65 . lynch ( cont 'd ) okay ... do not leave the colonel 's side * till you locate the art . ( to sosa ) abort . turn back ... face keep move along the rail as he see the chinook turn back . . find hannibal . look for face . a security guard challenge he . hannibal flip he over the rail . intercut : B.A. , steering the hsv alongside the gorky . B.A. ( two - way ) Port side . B.A. look through field glass . Ball of smoke from the russian ship . delay echo . punch wider . a 50 mm shell explode close enough to the hsv to shower B.A. with seawater . hannibal appear with face . face what the hell have we get into ? hannibal right now ... the water . he spin face into a full Nelson , and bull he over the rail ... they drop hard into the sea . in the water - same time , B.A. veer the hsv to hannibal . pull he and face inside . turn sharply away from the gorky . the hsv increase speed . tries to out - run the Russian ship ... russian gunfire trace across the water in front of they . B.A. turn the hsv sharply . just then the flying boat drop from the sky . send up a wall of spray . coast alongside . hold open . murdock , peer out . murdock : it 's a boat , it 's a plane ... it 's a party on wing . hannibal leap on the strut . pull face inside . 66 . murdock run to the cockpit . but B.A. be still on the iaunch . hannibal get on . B.A. be freeze . B.A. can not . move . the russian be come round for another attack . face let he swim . take off . hannibal look at B.A. , extend he hand . hannibal good luck , soldier . b.a . thank you , sir . B.A. clasp he hand into hannibal 's , but hannibal lock on . B.A. realize he be not let go ... just as ... widen . flying boat pick up speed and lift off : ».. hannibal have B.A. dangle in the air , murder in he eye . just as the : russian launch a shell . it explode , destroy the custom boat in a huge fireball , right beneath B.A. 's foot . hannibal pull B.A. in the rest of the way , where he just collapse on the plane 's floor . hannibal I just save you life , sergeant . yet , you look annoyed . B.A. shut he eye ... b.a . do not talk to I . on general garner - fob ' thunder 's - day he scurries in the shadow of a building . chopper land and take off in the b.g. 67 . gen . garner ( into mobile ) so you almost die and end up with nothing to show for it . intercut : flying boat ( moving ) hannibal in the cockpit beside murdock . hannibal ( into mobile ) oh , we get something . ...- a shadow on a wall . holding '' gun on Dr. Al - mahdi . a special force soldier . gen . garner all we man be at war . hannibal not the one who carry custom - make m - l6a 's ... flashback : silhouette behind al - mahdi , the outline of a m16a ..- hannibal and have Green Lake insignia 's on they sleeve ... flashback : that hand pushing al-mahdi down ... now we zoom in closer and can see _a tiny '' gls '' sewn into the cuff . we do not notice it before , but hannibal sure do . hannibal ( cont 'd ) I be go straight to Green Lake . gen . garner dangerous move , hannibal . hannibal if I find Al - mahdi , I find the museum artifact . garner blow out a deep breath ... then ... hannibal ( cont 'd ) I know they run security for the Dubai Tower . biggest in the world . gen . garner it 's a. fortress , hannibal ... a well - fund , well - protect death trap . ( more ) 68 . gen . garner ( cont 'd ) you can not do it alone . do you have a '' ay level team ? hannibal turn and look around the plane . ... into Pov : B.A. with he eye shut . face , brush he muss hair . and murdock , swatting wildly around he head at imaginary bug ... . hannibal just shake he head . hannibal ( back to garner ) I definitely have a team . dissolve : int . sosa 's office - day sosa be watch she printer spew out type page . the door open . lynch , step in . he 's bring a file folder in and set they on she desk . she flip through the file ... sosa Sir , you do not sign this report . lynch just sign for I . sosa yes , sir . but ... well , this be a paper trail . literally . lynch means go away when the end be good . ( then , a smile ) I have get everyone at the Pentagon and half of Congress call for some sort of symbol we can show the world that we actually give a damn about this people we be liberate . I guarantee they do not '' care how we recover the artifact , just that we do it . sosa yes , sir . also ... um ... you say I have be give more responsibility ... lynch Colonel Smith break out so that he could off - load that goods ... we stay close and he ' 1l lead we right to they . ( beat ) ( more ) 69 . lynch ( cont 'd ) check in with peck . that be you responsibility . sosa yes , sir . bur I would like to talk about the direction ... but he 's already walk away , not interested ... close on B.A. : as he eye flicker awake . he sit up ... — widen . a small , dumpy bedroom . curtain close . Dark . hear a voice from behind a sliding door . B.A. stand up . listen . face ( whisper , intense ) I be say I want to set some thing straight . in person . B.A. open the door . step onto a wrap-around balcony . sunlight almost blind . face snap he cell phone shut . card : dubai - UNITED arab emirate a motel on the outskirt of a smog enshroud CITY . b.a . who be you talk to ? face ( challenging ) my mother . B.A. look at he for a long second , then ... face ( cont ‘d ) you want to say something ? b.a . I do not make crack about people ' 's mother . murdock be that another commandment ? he look over to see murdock be perch like a bird on the railing to the deck . b.a . it should be . .70 . just then , hannibal step out on the porch ... b.a . ( cont 'd ) where be we now and what be we do here , sir ? hannibal walk to the rail . point . the other join he look out at ... pov : long shot - dubai tower even at this distance the tower loom over the city . United arab emirate 's contestant for the tallest structure on the planet . match CUT : dubai tower : only this time we be look up at it from the STREET . mile of glass window . wind howl around it . the team walk by and disappear inside ... int . a mcdonald - moment later hannibal , murdock , face and B.A. at a table . hannibal set down the tray and stack hamburgers into a tower . hannibal Green Lake occupy floor 102 through 104 . they use internal wi- fi to link the office . but one office have a separate secure system . ( finger on he tower ) here . classify information . a guard stay on the steel door , 24 / 7 . ex - special force . required to sweep the room for bug every five minute . and there 's always a suit on the desk . that 's two we have to handle . ( to B.A. ) how long would you need access to get into this file ? b.a . after I be lock on ? four , five minute . but I have have to be close . hannibal how close ? 71 . b.a . on the business side of that steel door with a relay link to the outside of the building . : face what be you go to do , Colonel ? walk right in and ring the bell ? hannibal grab a handful of fries , smile . - hannibal Green Lake want I . they can have I . elizabeth ( 38 ) : refined , yankee feature . dash in from she garden to catch the kitchen phone . sprawl , designer house . elizabeth hello ? intercut : close on hannibal , taken back . her voice freeze he . elizabeth who be this ? widen . ext . dubai —- STREET - day hannibal try to remember why this seem a good idea . hannibal do not hang up , Elizabeth . Elizabeth 's face go through a series of emotion : recognition , wonder , rattle , piss off . elizabeth Jesus . hannibal ? | . hannibal what 's it be , six year ? she look through a picture window . a man , chino , docksider , play with two small boy . gwen ( cont ’d ) hannibal ( unravel ) great to hear you voice . I can not talk to you . 72 . awkward , then . hannibal ( cont / D ) T need a favor . elizabeth Friends ask for favor . hannibal we be not friend ? elizabeth we be marry . but friend ? I never receive that honor . on shaky ground , he try another tack . hannibal how 's you son ? elizabeth son . Three of they . another shock . hannibal : really . wow . that 's , well , must be a lot of work for you . elizabeth Arthur always take paternity leave . to be here for I . everyday . hannibal be that the good part or the bad part ? she just wait ... hannibal ( cont ’d ) I '' happy for you Elizabeth . Elizabeth 's voice soften . elizabeth I be happy , too . hannibal hey , question . lousy transition , and he know it . hannibal ( cont 'd ) what 's the chance of you send a fax for I ? on you personal bank stationery ? to Dubai ? 73. elizabeth you do not care how I be . hannibal you be reacting like a cynic . . ~ elizabeth I have a good teacher . good-bye , hannibal . hannibal wait . please , Elizabeth . I really need you help . he 's wait , wait , wait ... and before we hear she answer , we ... dissolve to : wide shot - dubai tower - MAIN entrance - day office worker , shopper move in and out . uae federal police keep traffic move . a- van stop . B.A. drive . door open . murdock step out . suit , tie , maybe a little dishevel . briefcase . he look at the entrance , stop . swallow hard . hannibal what 's the problem , Captain ? murdock I ... uh ... heh - neh ... it 's nothing . they watch murdock stride towards the entrance . b.a . . only one reason why people pretend to be shit-bird crazy . ' Cause they scared to go into battle . _ hannibal he do not seem scared to I . b.a . then you get no clue what he 's gonna do . hannibal that 's right . and neither do they . 74 . int . dubai tower - lobby sprawl , gleam . a tasteful security check point run by uae police . Black goatee . professional . murdock freeze . he have to pass he briefcase through a metal detector . . he wipe sweat from he cheek . step through . close he eye as . the briefcase glide through . nothing set off . a particularly large uae guard watch murdock intently . all the way to the elevator . at the elevator , murdock wait in a crowd . seem like forever . finally , door OPEN . everyone else step on . murdock be leave alone . appear like he 's go to implode . hannibal ( 0.s. ) ( two - way ) on you way up , captain ? murdock step on . just as door close ... reverse angle . hannibal , pass through the metal detector . under the fierce gaze of the uae guard . hannibal continue to a elevator . step on . on the elevator , pack . hannibal look up . a security camera be set . inside the ceiling . match to fish eye shot of hannibal . stare at the security camera . we can hear the click sound of a digital photo render . hannibal okay , they get I . punch : GREEN lake . security area . a computer monitor . hannibal 's photo appear . matched against one in the file . : closer : a army photo of hannibal superimposed . a low beep bring over a guard ( 34 , ex - Ranger , okie accent ) . he look at hannibal 's photo . call over the security suit ( call he dantel ) . 75 . okie guard we get a match . it 's flagge . daniel call Pike . I be gonna make a sweep . the okie pick up a phone ... int . helicoptor - same time Pike sit in the front of a helicopter travel over Dubai . he get the call over he headset and click it through ... pike this be Pike . {he listen , incredulous ) hannibal smith 's in the tower !? in the sky , the helicopter make a sharp bank and head for the massive tower in the distance ... int . GREEN lake security - lobby - same time sprawl , busy . large art -direct poster flaunt Green Lake 's service . save the world . a pretty european receptionist , at a desk , suddenly notice murdock , look around . receptionist can I help you ? murdock adjust he tie . murdock ( mumble ) I , um ... need to ... see someone . it 's very ... important . the receptionist touch a security alert on she desk . receptionist do you have a appointment , sir ? murdock 's eye widen . murdock yes . I believe I do . I mean , I think I do . 76 . intercut : B.A. and face . park on a side STREET just outside the tower . they hear it all . : B.A. ( two - way ) he 's the Titanic , hannibal . face ( two - way ) we be all go down . to hannibal . | stepping off the elevator on another floor . hannibal * ( two - way ) give he a chance . back to murdock . Daniels appear . daniel can I see id , sir ? murdock I do not understand . do not you know who I be ? Daniels put he hand firmly on murdock 's elbow . daniel come with I . murdock be lose he nerve fast . his mouth suddenly dry as sand . Voice tremble . murdock I be Edward althorp . I '' expect . Daniels start to pull murdock along . away from the public space . to hannibal . listen in . stop at a statrway door . back to murdock . - dragge around corner , far into the back by Daniels . Daniels punch a keypad at the steel security door . pull murdock inside ... in the security area , Daniels set murdock in a seat . turn a chair face he . , daniel I want to know who you be . and I want the truth . 77 . murdock blink . what a time to be perfectly sane . know he 's go to fail . murdock I '' ... Edward ... althorp . I be ... expect . Daniels smirk . daniel well this be go to be fun ... he get up and take off he jacket , crack a knuckle , and right then ... : steel door open again . a handsome woman ( archer , 40' , business suit , frost hair ) pop through . archer ( out of breath ) Mr. althorp ? murdock 's eye slowly focus on she . murdock yes . she shoot a disapprove grimace at Daniels . archer ( embarrassed ) I be Ms. archer ... we just receive you fax . I be so sorry . a big misunderstanding . Daniels sense he 's in deep shit . daniel I guess I do not understand ... who you be , be , ... murdock jump to he foot . the ' character 's flooding into he be . as it often do . he erupt in a torrent of word . murdock ( strong Boston accent ) MIT . discrete probability distribution in information system . get by on sixty k . who can live on sixty k ? patch on the patch on my tweed jacket . six floor walk up in brookline . Burning rent . wext thing I know , he 's in my office . could not remember he name . ( more ) 78 . murdock ( cont 'd ) i. have so many former student . he 's at the Pentagon . Said they use my system for security . want to outsource work to my company . I do have a company , do not I ? all I have be a Honda Civic . Said my first contract be small . a hundred million . ... four year later , we ~ go public . now the number all start with a ' B '. and I need to outsource my outsource work . that 's why I come to Green Lake . I think I have be treat with respect . Daniels have shrivel . : archer I be set up the meeting now , sir . in the meantime , Mr. Daniels will bring you tea . murdock that ' 1l1 be fine . they both leave . murdock wait , open he briefcase . take out a wireless radio relay . peel off sticky -strip . set it on the wall behind a cabinet . murdock ( cont 'd ) - ( two - way ) the tap - be open . in a hallway : hannibal hurry through the FIRE door and reach the next landing . the first thing he see be a 9 mm point at he face . the okie guard throw he against the wall .- hannibal . ( act befuddle ) I think I be lose . okie guard shut up . okie bend hannibal 's arm back . tye on plastic cuff . ext . dubai tower - helipad - moment later one of many tower deck . the guard have to use a security card to get they out there . hannibal be shove outside toward a railing . hannibal be we go somewhere ? 79 . hannibal back to the railing where he slip a small disc the size of a quarter from he pocket . he stick it to the railing ... okie guard short chopper ride over to Kuwait . ever see what happen to a body in the desert ? no need to bury it . after a day or two , it 's go . even the bone . in the van , B.A. 's laptop light up , connect . but the signal be weak . B.A. _ I gotta get closer . he jump out of the van with a backpack . look around . raise a antenna in the pack . attach to a small hard drive . face slide behind the wheel . b.a . ( cont ‘d ) ( look back at face ) five minute . face I will be here . B.A. head for the lobby . as soon as B.A. be . go , face slam the gas pedal . rocket away . intercut : dubai - upscale bar - same time could be aspen or acapulco . the universal kingdom of cosmopolitan and - flavor martinis . find face . at a table . looking smug . turn he head to find lynch , who sit on one side . sosa , the other . lynch do they scam Green Lake ? face smile at sosa . he can not help it . she 's cute . face we need to go over a few thing first . grab a waiter . face ( cont ’d ) vodka gimlet . rock . Fresh lime juice . ( to sosa ) and for the lovely lady ? 80. 's lynch ( to waiter ) disappear . he do , quickly . face turn to Lynch , he smile disappear too . face New deal . here 's what I need . New identity . seychelles , Greece , any tropic will do . monthly stipend , go without say . I will not be piggy , but I have standard . sosa drop a file on the bar . face 's name on it . sosa Trading steal military equipment , smuggle , conspiracy . that 's a easy ten year . face you know all that before we make a deal and you let they escape prison . plus you do not have you art . obviously , you career be pin to find both the escapee and the goods or you would have take the Colonel already . I know bullshit better than anyone , remember that . Lynch eye he like he 's the scum on the bottom of he shoe . finally ... lynch we believe Colonel Smith be go to use Green Lake plane to move the art . I want you to stay close to he . do not let he ditch you . face no problem . lynch you sure ? face I be on it . lynch good . then pass I the salt . face do ... and when he reach over ... 81. suddenly , Lynch pull out a needle gun , and pop it into face 's wrist , insert a electronic monitoring device . it raise a small bump on the skin . lynch ( cont ’d ) when they show you the art , press this once . we will fird you . face you could have just give I a damn cell phone . lynch if you have get one die breath ... it 's 1ll take less energy to press the button . face stand , try to think of something to say . fuck it . he leave . sosa ( wait , then ) I do not trust he . we be leave too much to he discretion . I should follow he . Lynch eye she ... lynch he find you double he , that mean you be out to dry . sosa Sir ? lynch I need this , Lieutenant sosa . collect himself , whisper ... eye hot . lynch ( cont 'd ) this have be a black mark on my head . if you do something to take this mission down , I will not be there to wipe you nose and hold you hand . do I make myself clear ? _ sosa I be do this for the good of the mission , sir . Lynch measure she ... * ee oof oe 82 . lynch then go if you be go . punch to : B.A. , stride out of the tower lobby , into daylight . squint , shield he eye with he hand . no sign of face . B.A. ( two - way ) hannibal ? peck be not here . ( no response ) hannibal ? Colonel ?... Sir ? shit ... find murdock : foot up in a private room . sipping tea . munch cookie . Daniels walk in sheepishly . a jar with arab script in he hand . - daniel they only have local honey . murdock ( stare ) but I say , ' tupelo honey . 's tupelo be local only in Mississippi . Daniels 's radio buzze . he listen for a second ... daniel I will be right there . he turn and walk out . murdock look at the door , think ... on the landing pad : hannibal stare out across the city . in the distance , Pike 's helicopter can be see bee-line for the building ... okie guard there 's you ride . hannibal let I guess ... okie guard guess what ? 83. hannibal you accent . it 's too little of a drawl to be Texan ... and there 's just a hint of Cherokee ... I be gonna say northern Oklahoma ... the guard break into a smile ... okie guard stillwater . hannibal I think ... before he finish the sentence , hannibal launch and headbutt the okie with a sicken crack . okie fall , stunne . one kick to the chin , and he 's out cold . hannibal kneel . stretch the cuff to reach the okie 's knife . start to cut himself free . just then , he see Daniels appear with a pistol . bang ! the gun fire ... ..- wildly . rack focus . murdock stand behind Daniels . use he briefcase like a club . : |. murdock I say tupelo honey ! hannibal just look at he like he 's a loon . in the helicopter : Pike see he two guard down on the landing pad . pike shit ! take I down ! close on a row of number : the list grow before we eye . into frame . a finger , tap a screen . b.a . Flight plan . there. coordinate . find that air strip and we find they desert base . 84 . widen : ext . dubai -— STREET - day hannibal and murdock lean over B.A. , on a bench , lap top balanced on he knee . downloading from he mini-hard drive . the tower in the b.g . B.A. ( bring up a new screen ) what 's this ? whoa . on screen . rows of sixteen digit number . move incredibly fast . hannibal that be rout number . they be move money . B.A. move it ? look more like ping -pong . B.A. keep scrolling through download . b.a . ( cont 'd ) check this out . they be throw a anniversary party for themselves . Texas barbecue at they desert compound . Flying in live band . cocky sucker . screen go dark . b.a . ( cont ’d ) that 's everything . murdock where 's Lieutenant peck ? b.a . no sign of he . face ( 0.8 . ) ( suddenly ; over two - way ) the local cop be follow the van . I park it in a lot and take a hike . I be just a few block away . hannibal tell we where you be . we ’1ll come to you . . 85 . intercut : STREET — same time face move down on a crowded sidewalk . look at a row of store : dior , Hermes , cavalli . _ face all this place look the same . um , it say ... ( a courtyard arch ) burjuman Center . hannibal ( 0.s. ) ( two - way ) do not move . pull back - someone be watching face from across the street . we assume it 's sosa ... new angle . but sosa appear down the block on the other side of the street . reverse and reveal pike , with a silence sniper rifle , scope . perched on the top of a parking garage . wait for hannibal . sosa let a bus by , darting across in its cover . find lynch : in a sedan , park around the corner . lynch ( into two - way ) have he make contact with Smith yet ? sosa ( 0.s. ) ( two - way ? I do not see he . sedan door open . hannibal sit next to Lynch . hannibal he 's actually pretty close . hannibal punch Lynch in the rib . take he gun . lynch you be insane . hannibal that have be murdock . 86 . strip off he ear piece . pop the wire . take he cuff . lock he wrist inside / out or the steering wheel . _ hannibal . ( cont ’d ) I do not steal anything . Green Lake Security . that 's who you should be check out . lynch ( in a fury ) do you think I do not do my job ? TI investigate Green Lake . they lose four man . every bit of evidence point to you . hannibal send a cid team to search they base in Kuwait . lynch you be find guilty by a military court and even have one of you own testify against you . hannibal we be the a - team . lynch I do not know what that ... hannibal it 's combat slang . we be the scapegoat , the fall guy for every overconfident military mistake the army make on the road to Baghdad . he lock eye with Lynch . hannibal ( cont 'd ) now some soldier might just take they medicine and say that 's just the army , shit roll downhill , but it 's not the army I believe in . I believe if a man can prove he innocence than he should do it or die try . and I do not plan on die . ( beat ) where be it ? lynch where ' 's what ? hannibal a guy like you . I know you be still carry it ... 87 . he pat down Lynch until he stop on he front pocket ... hannibal quickly unbutton it and withdraw he special force pin . haknibal ( cont 'd ) I tell you I have come back for this . with that , he put the sedan in ' D '. jump out as the car lurch forward . Lynch can not reach the wheel . : lynch goddammit ! he slam into a car , jam the street . back to face : sosa be still on he tail . he look up to see the sedan crash . that 's weird ... «.- and suddenly murdock ard B.A. be walk with he . : face where 's hannibal ? b.a . you be be follow . B.A. take face 's arm and duck he between two building . sosa hustle to catch up . just as she pop around the building , B.A. be wait for she , and grab she . sosa get off I ! face look up . see a glint of light from the parking roof . on the parking garage : ' Pike fire . into frame . face slam they all to the ground . the high - power bullet smashes a armani store window . Glass shatter . B.A. shield she . at the curb . hannibal appear with the van . throw open the side door . they all leap inside and take off , B.A. at the wheel . 88 . int . van ( moving ) face and murdock set sosa on the back bench . hannibal see he ? B.A. check the mirror . B.A. no . groggy , sosa sill try to pull she gun . hannibal reach back and grab she wrist . the car swerve . hannibal ( to b.a . ) do you mind ? sosa you nre all under arrest . murdock press a handkerchief to she cut . murdock it 's okay . I be a doctor . ext . dubai INTERNATIONAL airport —- parking garage - day B.A. take a diet coke from a vend machine by the elevator . walk over to the van . inside . B.A. pop the can for sosa . b.a . my sister live on diet soda . sosa they brother life on larceny . she.sip it anyway . hannibal sit beside she . . hannibal okay , I will give you a choice . you can walk away . sosa good-bye . b.a . wait for the other choice . 89 . hannibal or you can help we . you know we do not shoot at you from the rooftop . sosa he be not shoot at I . hannibat Fine . but Lynch just tell I that Green Lake check out clean . do you really believe that ? and why be everyone at Green Lake so keen on kill we if they do not have they hand in the jar . she just stare at he ... think . hannibal see he open . hannibal ( cont 'd ) twenty - four hour , that 's all I want . and if I can not prove to you that Green Lake frame we , we will turn ourselves in . b.a . not I . face no way . murdock what be the question ? hannibal all_of we . sosa look at face . figure there 's two of they to con hannibal now . sosa all right . I have nothing to lose . what 's you plan ? hannibal it involve you . dissolve to : ext . middle eastern road - dawn hannibal , face , B.A. , murdock , and sosa all head down a dirty , wind - sweep road just as the sun be come up on the horizon . they look like bad -ass , and like ... well ... a team . they crest ... * 2 * 90 . a hill : ... and find themselves look down on the sprawling mess in the desert that be Dubai , and the airport . hannibal if we do not make it , if we do not find the goods before they fence ‘em or find something that tie Green Lake to the museum heist , then this window close forever . . sosa my amnesty clock be tick . b.a . we have to find it . they be not drag I back to jail . not for something I do not do . . face eye B.A. , look down at that well on he wrist . face you guy ready ? murdock ready steady like my cousin Eddie . everyone look at murdock , but he 's just stare ahead , like he 's focus on the mission at hand . hannibal all right then ... let 's show they why they fuck with the wrong soldier . with that , they head toward the airport ... dubai INTERNATIONAL - baggage carousel murdock and face , in a crowd of passengers . Long , international flight . loud beep . bag start come round . a curvy female country singer , doze on a hand cart . lanky musician , cowboy -ed up , expensive boot , hat . face look across at ... sosa , size up the girl . face . ( walk up to cowboy ) tough flight ? cowboy musician tougher than a one - ear alley cat . of of a * 91 . the cowgirl give face a once -over . female singer you from the tour company , sugar ? face there 's a whole army of lonely guy wait to hear some real country & western . cowboy musician well , shit , padner ... that 's why we come half way round the world . face here 's you driver . B.A. appear . the cowgirl reach for a bulg suitcase . B.A. beat she to it . b.a . let I get that . you get to be careful . you be not in America anymore . face hook the cowgirl 's arm . face - we will take good care of y’all . ext . kuwait CITY airport - terminal - later a van at the curb . GREEN lake logo . the driver , ex - '' Ranger , hop out ... as a cowboy and cowgirl exit : he 's tall , skinny . Dark glass . unshaven . very hank Williams , Jr. she 's a dark -haire tejana , sultry eye . closer . the cowpoke be murdock and sosa . - driver and I be afraid I would not spot you . he hand they blindfold ... driver ( cont 'd ) I can not 1ét you see where you be go till we get there . murdock encourage sosa with a look . sosa honey , you can out a bag over my head , as long as the road end with a warm shower and plenty of bourbon . 92 . murdock stare at she , like he 's smitten . reverse : another van , B.A. and hannibal watch they leave . face hop in , ' lug a heavy trunk . slam door close . B.A. pull out . face it take a few phone call . and declare personal bankruptcy . but I get everything . B.A. speed after the Green Lake van . aerial over - GREEN lake compound — kuwait - night a secret base in the kuwait desert . Hidden in rocky hill . a herd of desert goat pass like shadow . a private army within the private army . various shot : GREEN lake base - night quonset hut . barracks . a black - top lot with . armore vehicle , dpv 's ( desert patrol vehicle ) , grizzlies . mi1a1 abram tank ... : and behind the building , a landing strip . angle - a outdoor stage , rock concert caliber . lit up by tall light tower . and a c&w party . Long grill serve barbecue to Green Lake soldier . all contractor . all ex - Army . ext . backstage - close on murdock foot propped on a amp . chatt up the stage manager . murdock I have back most of the lady . reba , shania , leann , wynnona ... but this gal 's something special . remind I of Emmy Lou when I first meet she at Willie 's ranch . not that I remember much of it . you know Willie ... stage manager where be she ? we need a sound check . 93. murdock you do not want to push this tejana gal . what a temper . same ritual , every show . Hair first . Major construction . then vocal exercise , you know , 00 - 00 , ee-ee , aa-aa . murdock pick up he guitar . murdock ( cont ’d ) in the meantime , I 'il plug in . push inside guitar . a computer board , solder where the pick up should be . six red light . blink in succession . ext . GREEN lake base - opposite side - same time sosa , move . along the perimeter . costume glitter with spangle . pass by flat- roofed warehouse . pull back into Pov : hannibal and face , in the rock , quarter mile away . hannibal site sosa in a infrare scope on he tri-pod mount barrett sniper rifle . while B.A. disperse face 's trunk into 80 lb. pack , hannibal follow sosa to &@ warehouse window . hannibal ( into two - way ) hold the unit to the window . sosa take off she hat . 's lift a tiny camera on a snake cord up to the window . back to hannibal , watch the image on a 4x4 monitor . hannibal ( cont ‘d ) just supplies ... go on to the next one . sosa turn for the next warehouse . notice a road , at the rear of the base . to a distant warehouse . half mile away . sosa can you see that ? she hold the camera up ... back to hannibal , study the monitor . ' turn he sniper scope on the road . zoom in ... tire track . . hannibal ( in two - way ) take eighteen wheel to make track like that . . 94 , sosa ( two - way ) I x11 take a peek . hannibal be catch off guard . hannibal ( two - way ) no. go back . that 's a order . sosa : sorry , you be not in my chain of command . hannibal goddammit . sosa jog down the road . hannibal hear she yelp . out of the dark . a GREEN lake guard , snag she wrist . guard you be in big trouble , sweetie . hannibal fix the guard in he barrett rifle . sosa ( try to stay calm ) do I do something wrong , sugar ? guard you be suppose to be on stage five minute ago . he smile , lead she away ... back to hannibal . lower the rifle . check he watch . look at face . hannibal let 's move . each one grab a pack . on the camp perimeter - moment later , B.A. plug in a loop wand wita a electromagnetic pulse . wave it . burst of static register on he gauge . B.A. motion detector . I can short it for about ten second . assume this surge bar work . face it ' 1l work . 95 . B.A. how do . you know ? face ' Cause the General I grift always commission the good shit . face turn up the wattage and the wand crackle . face ( cont 'd ) go. widen . they scamper across the perimeter . Race to the cover of ground fuel tank . hannibal aim he scope . into Pov : the isolated warehouse . no Guards . hannibal look clear . no one move . b.a . should not be clear . now what . hannibal well , we either catch a lucky break , or ... ( beat ) we find it . B.A. and hannibal move off toward the warehouse as face slide he hand to the monitor , under he skin . Press . faintest click , he triggers it , then run after they . ext . somewhere in the desert - three blackhawks wait in darkness . lynch , in the one chopper , watch he on board gps start beeping . Lynch lock in the location . lynch ( to he pilot ) he find it . move out . widen . three chopper rise , in formation . int . warehouse - GREEN lake base - night B.A. step into frame . hannibal and face behind . it 's the size of a football field , and empty . 96 . they cross to the far side . cinder block wall . hannibal _run he hand over it . hannibal you ever hear of brown ? B.A. the rifle ? hannibal the poet . hannibal be study the wall . hannibal ( cont ’d ) he write one for a sick boy , call it the pied piper of hamelin . it focus on a mountain wall , which could magically close over everything precious . he tap the wall ... listen . hannibat , ( cont 'd ) trapping they inside , forever . b.a . you think this brown fella ever head of semtex ? ext . stage - night band roll into a musical intro . GREEN lake soldier , stand , clap in unison . rebel yell , howl . ... murdock strum he guitar . beam at the crowd . intercut : mixing board , two thchies . one hear murdock 's guitar , isolate in he head phone . it sound terrible . one techie ( to he partner ) he 's kid , right ? widen . spotlight hit sosa , strutting on stage . fringe mini-skirt , red boot , spangle bustier . throw a kiss . step to the mike . sosa y'all ready for this ? the roar back be animal . sosa ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) man , I feel like woman ! 97 . have a human voice ever be more off key ? sosa seem oblivious ... int . warehouse - same time B.A. triggers the timer . run ' back with hannibal . beat ... semtex rip a hole in the wall . well , more than a hole . more than they want . by a lot . B.A. ocough from dust ) a little heavy ? the camera push in on hannibal , worried ... hannibal yeah . int . private office - same time pike , monitoring the show . a tilt of he head . hear the low echo of a explosion . Quick shake of the ground . Pike signal he ex-special force soldier , already reach for gun . int . warehouse hannibal , B.A. , and face hurry through to a large , windowless space . hannibal shine he light . empty . b.a . they move it . hannibal shake he head ... rock on he foot . hannibal the floor . hydraulics . he scan the wall with he light . power BOX , in the corner . hannibal pull a large lever . the floor begin to shimmy , then drop . a light appear below and the floor jolt to a stop . widen . underground garage , vast space . a dozen 18 wheeler , in formation . facing a ramp , to a rear passage . cot , basin , by the wall . 98 . stand in a dusty suit be dr . al-mahdi . chain by he foot to the wail . by a communications system . computer , monitor , video . dr . al -~mahdi ( blink , then ) have they capture you , too , colonel ? hannibal Hell , we just capture they . turn you head , professor . Al - mahdi look away . hannibal use a iron rod to pop the chain from he foot . dr . al-mahdi they sell some of the art . but most of it be here . he open a truck and we see the museum artifact . pack in bubble wrap , for shipping . Al - mahdi unwrap a small package revealing the real golden vase . Rather than shine gold , it 's actually more dent metal . but something about that make it more majestic . Al - mahdi hold it like a newborn . face I will go watch the flank . hannibal nod and face take off . hannibal walk deeper in the garage and find a predator drone . a ground - control , unmanned vehicle . about the size of a small car . and just then it hit he ... hannibal I see it . flashback : hannibal , on the ground in front of the museum . a shadow ripple past . now we see what really happen : hannibal be knock to the ground as GREEN lake men set off mortar .. one rig move out and a second rig drive in by GREEN lake men . hannibal ( cont ’d ) Green Lake attack we as a diversion . they even kill some of they own man to make it look better . 99 . - BA . they be armed like they own country . hannibal they be they own country . barracks - general garner - moment later step from the shower to pick up a call . hannibal operation ' Friends of Liberty 's be back on . General garner sit down . gen . garner you find the steal art ? hannibal look over the artifact . hannibal a whole museum 's worth . gen . garner can you get it out ? B.A. catch hannibal 's attention , put a finger over he lip like shhhh . point up . hannibal ( quickly ) I be texting coordinate . send a Ranger platoon to meet I . hannibal click off as the lift begin to rise . he show B.A. ten finger . huh ? then B.A. nod , thumb up . open he pack . take out a wire spool . ext . stage - same time sosa , at the mike . no matter how good she look , she sing be now get catcall . sosa the girl need a break tonight / we be gonna take the chance ... sosa 's sing , but she snoot a look to murdock . he walk forward and Pete townsend 's he guitar . one wind - mill power chord . SOUND techies throw off they head phone , grab ear . 100 . push inside murdockn guitar . a electric surge travel to the power relay ... expanded through the chord ... along the stage ... up the light tower . light brighten , for a second . then they explode . widen , as_ the entire base goe dark . murdock grab sosa 's hand . they start run . ext . on the base - same time -. find face : move past the row of armore vehicle . try to get he ass out of there . slip into a grizzly arc . keeping headlight off , he drive away . int . warehouse - underground garage - hydraulic floor Pike and he ex - soldier drop into frame . flashlight crisscross the garage . start move forward . with pike : check each rig . trailer : then cab . close on hannibal , flat on he stomach . Al - mahdi beside he , eye wide . we can not tell which rig they be in . back to pike , throw open door . ' two men point rifle while Pike sweep the trailer . empty . a truck engine start . somewhere else . pike race to the sound . signal he guy to surround the truck . Pike wait until they be in place . yank OPEN the driver 's door . empty ... camera rush to the engine grill . a wire run from the block along the floor . punch wide . every rig in the garage start up . brights flash on . horn go off . pike and he ex-soldiers spin in circle , not sure which one to run to . tight on B.A. , underneath a steering wheel . ' twisted like a pretzel . slam on the clutch . Rams the gear forward . punch the gas pedal . '' hannibal have snap off the rear view . use it to reflect off the side mirror . WNavigate . pike boggle as one of the rig lurch forward . pike ( shout , as he run ) there. 101 . Pike unload a clip from he automatic rifle into the cab . the truck keep lumber . up the ramp . Pike 's men move with it . shredd the cab and trailer with concentrate fire . beat . then the truck erupt in flame , burn so bright they have to step back . pike : kick the cab door , which fall . off . Pike lean through the smoke . what the hell ? empty . rack focus . a different truck rumble through the smoke . pike ( cont 'd ) ( bellow ) there . in the cab . B.A. , jam the gear shift . sit up . in the trailer . hannibal keep Al - mahdi 's head low as pullet cut through the trailer . Al - mahdi groan as ammo explode a statue . B.A. blow ' through the garage door . pike chase after , backlit by flame , unload a clip . one of he ex - soldier appear . pike ( cont 'd ) send a team of grizzly out . i’11 find they from the air . int . / ext . 18 wheeler — desert - night ( moving ) hannibal leap from the trailer , run to the cab . 85.a. accelerate over the rough terrain . angle . in front of they . the ground suddenly rise up with a deafen percussive roar . hannibal ( shout over ) kill you light . the world turn black . B.A. can not see a thing . hannibal lean out the window . hannibal ( cont ’d ) try to lose he in that hill . into view . pike , piloting a blackhawk , overshoot the truck and turn back . 102 . B.A. ° my cousin D ' Andre use to turn the light out and drive Route 2 in the hill over Eagle rock . freak we all out . hannibal Bet he do not have a blackhawk on he tail . B.A. worse . lapd . on the 's blackhawk . pike come round . spray round in front of A. rig , just close enough to make B.A. turn . hannibal he will not hit we . not with a billion dollar worth of art in the back . b.a . he 's herding we . in the trailer . Dr. Al - mahdi be toss around like a rag doll . he grab a precious BOWL as it . start to fall . tries to hold as many thing as he can . the blackhawk strafe around the rig , push towards a blind canyon in the mountain . the rig follow along a sandy bottom . it wind for a quarter mile . now B.A. lean forward . b.a . ( cont 'd ) there 's no way out , colonel . ( no response ) hannibal ? but hannibal be not in the truck anymore ; tilt up : Pike 's chopper zoom over they . fire two rocket in succession . the rocket slam into the cliff . rock fall , block any retreat . the rig be now literally stick between a rock and a hard place . . B.A. have no choice but to slam on the brake . the trailer start to jack -knife . finally , skid to a stop . to pike : hover in the narrow canyon between two high cliff . rig directly below . 103 . pike ( into two - way ) he 's stick . send out a crew to tow the rig back . on the cliff , hannibal leap from solid rock ... through the atr ... onto the blackhawk . cling to the hold door . pike , feel the impact . look left . nothing . right , the hold door be OPEN . he reach for he 9 mm and spin , just as hannibal land a punch . pike yank the stick back , send the blackhawk both up , and banking right . hannibal be throw towards the OPEN passenger door . brace he arm . Pike fire , shatter the window . land a rabbit punch to hannibal 's back . hannibal shoot he elbow , catch Pike 's cheek , and grab for the stick , but it 's too late ... the blackhawk clip a rock , its blade slice away . with a lurch the helicopter flip to its side , crash . inside . hannibal and pike , neither be move . long beat . finally pike bolt up to see a grow FIRE . disorient , he pull himself out . ext . blackhawk - on the rock outcrop ( continuous ) pike emerge from the burn chopper . see headlight , move he way . reaches for a side arm with he bloody hand . turn ... find hannibal , already charge .. hannibal knock he handand the gun skip over the edge . on hannibal and pike , each grip the other 's gun belt . landing blow . Eye to eye . Pike 's enormous upper body strength start to overwhelm hannibal . the next blow propel hannibal back off the rock . drop eight foot , hit hard . a flat ledge . no time to recover . Pike be on he . closer . Pike use a rock . slam it to hannibal 's temple . hannibal be lose consciousness . Pike , suddenly stop . even closer . a trickle of blood from Pike 's mouth . pan down . hannibal have jamme he special force pin , deep into Pike 's neck . Pike go slack , dead . 104 . wide shot - canyon - three grizzlies Racing to the rig . a Green Lake gunner sight the trailer with he mounted 7.6 mn . on B.A. : take a position in front of the trailer . dr . al -— mahdi , hide behind . b.a . they want to take we ... they be gonna have to get through I . angle . the armore vehicle almost there . a light , out of nowhere , suddenly , blind they . all three GREEN lake driver stop . eye adjust to the light . reverse . a GREEN lake abram M1 Al sit in front of they . turret shift towards they . one GREEN lake driver radio to a second driver . first driver ( relieved ) hasy . he 's one of ours . no doubt , the Green Lake emblem , paint on the side . lead grizzly start around the tank . other two follow . but what 's this ? the tank 's turret turn with they . int . abram M1 Al tank - same time murdock , behind sosa . at the scope , of the 120 mm smoothbore cannon . . murdock object in the scope may appear closer than they be . sosa squint through the scope , slip she finger on the red gun trigger .. ; sosa then I x11 aim low . she fire the 120 mm . boom !!! the grizzly be in flame . sosa aim again ... boom ! the second apc go up in flame ... . but the third apc rip around the wreckage and make a beeline for where B.A. be stand with the professor in front of the truck . '' 105 . in the final apc : the passenger bark at the driver . apc passenger run ‘em down ! the driver grit he tooth ... mash the accelerator ... in front of the truck : B.A. have nowhere to go ... he grit he tooth , the apc bare down on he ... he 's a goner ... . sewhen all of a sudden , another grizzly come fly out of nowhere , and ... inside the grizzly , we see face at the wheel ! it barrel into the side of the other apc , smash ! knock it over so it roll like a spare tire and smashes into the canyon 's wall . B.A. look up at face ... grateful . face just wink from behind the wheel . he wipe the sweat off he brow with the pack of he hand and the camera push in on he wrist ... which be bloody , like something 's be cut out of it . dissolve : intercut : ext . cid blackhawk formation - night lynch follow the monitor signal on he gps . lynch take I down . widen . cid blackhawk formation touch down . cid officer dismount with lynch . heavily armed . move along the ridge . lynch follow the signal on a hand monitor . tilt up . a cliff face , and a network of cave . mp 's form a perimeter . a grizzly be park by one cave . lynch ( cont ’d ) ( call into cave ) we be prepare to use lethal force , Colonel smith . he watch he hand monitor . . 106 . lynch ( cont 'd ) he 's come out . metallic click of safeties release . out of the cave . mountain goat . move lazily past the mp' . closer . face 's monitor device , tie to the foreleg of the last goat . Lynch 's face be bright red ... raging . wide shot - somewhere in kuwait - desert mountain - dawn dr . al-mahdi stand by the 18 wheeler . dishevel , but the pride back in he eye . face and B.A. be there , hannibal watch as the abram M1 Al rumble into view . murdock , hop out first . lend a hand to sosa . she climb out ... look at face in wonder ... : sosa you be never with we ... face ( smile ) nahhh , really ? sosa ( in wonder ) which mean , even back at the trial ... face the colonel be be railroad ... hannibal and I need a man who could work from the outside . face and keep tabs on the pursuer ... hannibal ... while we be clear we name . hannibal set the special force pin back on he chest . hannibal ( cont ’d ) Z love it when a plan come together . B.A. look at they in wonder . b.a . but why would not you tell I , sir ? 107 . hannibal walk over to he , eye soft ... look he in the eye . : : hannibal I be sorry , sergeant . you be the last man put on the mission and even though I be convinced you be not double we , I have to be sure . _ B.A. look a little hurt , but nod . b.a . it be the smart thing to do . ( beat ) but if you ever doubt I again ... hannibal I nil beat anyone through a wall who doubt you again , sergeant . hannibal salute he , and B.A. return the salute . hannibal check he watch . hannibal ( cont 'd ) one phone call and we get we life back ... Dr. Al - mahdi lock eye with hannibal . dr . al-mahdi if you take possession of we art , T will never see it again . you know that . it will be hold as evidence . shipped back and forth while the world fight over jurisdiction . hannibal shift on he foot . murdock if we do not deliver all this to the United States Army we be still criminal . dr . al-mahdi I understand you position . hannibal go to Al - mahdi . hannibal what would you do with it , professor ? : dr . al -mahdi when Saddam take over , exile hide some valuable thing in another country ... ( more ) 108 . - . dr . al-mahdi ( cont 'd ) to wait until the madman fall from power and there be peace again . I can wait , too . face might be a long time . dr . al-mahdi my country be ten thousand yéar old . a few more lifetime will not matter . hannibal , face , B.A. , and murdock all share look . finally ' they all nod in agreement . '' hannibal freedom be overrate anyway . face look over at sosa , who be sit by herself over on a rock , the weight of the world on she shoulder . he slide over to she . sosa I be screw . you play we and I be screw ... face you be screw anyway . Lynch be hang you out on this from day one . sosa stand up , set she jaw . sosa so now what ? they all look at she . hannibal 's think . then ... hannibal one other thing do not add up ... hold on hannibal , realize this be not over . dissolve : hannibal ( tight shot ) , on a phone . not sure if he want the call to go through . intercut : elizabeth - in her bank - stamford , connecticut stare as the phone blink . stands . sits. answer . 109 . elizabeth you would expect I to drop everything for you . hannibal that would not be fair . but he do , and she do . elizabeth I call a Federal a.g . I know . there 's a bank in South Carolina under investigation . they think Green Lake have be launder money through it . hannibal okay . elizabeth it as. in one of that silly small town . with a patriotic name . ' Friends of Liberty , South Carolina . 's hold on hannibal , mind racing . hannibal I owe you . elizabeth you do . so do not call I again , hannibal . and with that , she hang up . he look at he phone , chagrine . then smile a appreciative smile , and we cut to ... ° close on a bottle of jack daniel , a glass set down , now empty . and a stack of hundre dollar bill . shrink -wrapped . widen : int . farm house - rural south CAROLINA - day general garner finish pack a leather bag with cash . modest place . Lonely in its way . maybe a few year since a woman live there . maybe the man 's savings long go . ext . farm - house ( continuous ) paddock give to weed . garner load the bag in the back of a ten year old explorer . 110 . garner slam the tail gate . hannibal be there . hannibal you have a feed of the Baghdad raid . you know it be Green Lake the whole time . gen . garner they be a persuasive bunch . hannibal you be look at the last guy who should be give advice about the military justice system ... ( beat ) what if I say you can give it back ? they hold each other 's eye . gen . garner Green Lake bill three hundred million last year . imagine . hannibal I would get a headache . gen . garner at some point I realize the whole country do not care about anything anymore , except getcing rich . and why not ? whoever say money can not buy happiness be dead break . then. gen . garner ( cont ’d ) ( bitter ) to Hell with the army . and to hell with you . : ( shout ) you be suppose to come back with the chopper . that be the plan . but you have to ... wham !!! hannibal level he with a haymaker leave , send he down to where he fall across he money . his lip bleed . hannibal fuck you , hannibal . you be a want man ... they will never believe you . garner look up at he , malevolently . 111. hannibal ( cont 'd ) military police be on the way . you can explain to . they yourself where you get the money . I will not be around . garner stand back up , face hannibal . gen . garner you can not run forever . hannibal you know something , sir ? gen . garner what ? hannibal wallop he with he right ... knock he out . . hannibal I be better with my right hand . he walk off , shaking he hand . up a rural hill : hannibal look back at the smal ] farm house ... so peaceful out here ... as a bevy of military squad car roar into the front yard and stop . he start to walk away , when a gunshot ring out from near the truck ... hannibal turn around quickly , look down at the truck ... and see General garner lie there , a gun in he hand , slump over ... a suicide . hannibal just shake he head , and hustle away . dissolve : ext , mall — parking lot - south CAROLINA - day face and B.A. , on a bench . hannibal appear . murdock , watch the mall : parent push cart fill with bag of stuff , fat little kide whine , teenage girl half - dress , boy with ipod , pants around they thigh . murdock you know what 's crazy ? b.a . you , nut bird . murdock just shrug ... 112 . widen , as they walk along the car . they feel vulnerable in public . but can not quite leave each other yet . hannibal the cid list we as escape felon . there 's a million dollar reward on I . oh , and General garner 's suicide pretty much close the door on we prove we innocence . everyone think we be all tie into it with he . the case be officially close . the other just shake they head , this sink in . hannibal , ( cont 'd ) so I guess this be it , boy . we be too easy to spot as a group . : face try not to look like soldier . buy some clothes , get a good hair cut . hannibal smile . hannibal and watch you back , B.A. : hard for one man to watch he own back . murdock suddenly lower he head . murdock some lady 's follow we . oe * * a middle - aged woman , sneaker , jeans , nervous , walk right up to hannibal . middle - aged woman Colonel Smith ? hannibal do not know what to say . middle - aged woman ( cont ‘d ) my son be ... miss . hannibal Lady ... I think you get the wrong .. y her eye well up . 113. middle - aged woman I can not go to the FBI . my son be ex - military . I think he be mix up in some serious government business ... hannibal I do not know what you be think I can do ... middle - aged woman I *ll pay you a retainer . hannibal I be sorry ... I just ... middle - aged woman I do not want some second rate security agency to track he down . I need the best . ( beat ) I be extremely wealthy , colonel . I be willing to pay a million dollar if you can find my son . everyone look at she , suddenly interested . pan right . sun dress . hannibal how have you find I , mar ’am ? middle - aged woman she tell I . sosa , appear , look pretty spectacular ina sosa face be right . Lynch set I up , have I signing all the paperwork instead of he . the entire mission be off the book . hannibal I be sorry . sosa shrug ... sosa you know how it be in the army . they always need a scapegoat . hannibal a a-team . sosa yeah . 114 . move from hannibal , to B.A. , to face , to murdock . hannibal you soldier want to do this ? and before they can answer , we ... fade out .