" the verdict " screenplay by David mamet shoot draft int . first funeral parlor - day a work - class funeral in progress . thirty people and a inexpensive bier see from the back of the hall . angle a man 's back fill the screen . he be dress in a black suit ; he hand be clasped behind he . another man stand next to he . the second man reach behind the first man 's back and put a discreetly fold ten-dollar bill into he hand . angle this two Men from the front . both somber , in they early fifty . they begin to walk down the aisle of the funeral parlor . angle the widow . a woman in she late fifty sit by the bier receive condolence . the two Men approach she . the first man ( the recipient of the money ) speak : funeral director Mrs. Dee , this be Frank Galvin -- a very good friend of ours , and a very fine attorney . galvin it 's a shame about you husband , Mrs. Dee . the widow nod . galvin I know he vaguely through the Lodge . he be a wonderful man . ( shake head in sympathy ) it be a crime what happen to he . a crime . if there 's anything that I could do to help ... galvin remove a business card from he jacket pocket and hand it to she as if he be give she money . ( i.e. , " take it . really . I want you to have it ... " she take the card . beat . galvin ( thoughtfully realize he be usurping she time ) well ... he shake she hand and move on . int . coffee shop - day Galvin sit in the desert coffee shop in he raincoat . reading a section of the paper . he pick up he teacup , drink . lower it to the table . angle - insert Galvin twist tea bag around a spoon to extract last drop of tea . his hand move to he feel pen lie on the table . he move he hand to the paper , open at the obituary section . we see several name cross out . he circle one funeral list . angle Galvin sit , raise cup of tea to he lip . look around desert coffee shop . sigh . int . second funeral home and STREET - afternoon Galvin outside a second funeral home . working -class people enter , Galvin enter the home . angle Galvin , come down the aisle toward the front , shrugging himself out of he overcoat , he approach the bereave widow sit by the front of the home , he extract he card from he pocket , start to speak . he be stop by the widow be son , a hefty man in he mid-forty , who interject himself between Galvin and the widow . son ( of the card ) what be that ...? galvin I ... son what the hell be that ... galvin ... I be a friend of you fa ... son you never know my father . ( hit card out of Galvin 's hand ) you get out of here , who the hell do you think you be ... the funeral manager hurry down the aisle , and start extricate Galvin from the commotion . galvin ( to funeral manager ) I be talk to this man ... funeral manager Excuse I , Mrs. cleary ... he be manhandle Galvin toward the back of the funeral parlor . the Son call after he : son who the hell do you think you be ? ext . second funeral parlor - afternoon the funeral manager and Galvin stand in the cold . funeral manager I do not want you come back here . ever . do you understand ? galvin I be just talk to ... funeral manager that be bereaved people in there . the funeral manager give Galvin a small shove , and go back to he post at the door , greeting the enter mourner . " good evening ... " angle Galvin , the ground cut out from under he . stand watch the mourner enter . ext . second funeral STREET - dusk Galvin walk down a residential street . he have be walk a while in the cold , snowy night . he stop for a stoplight at a corner , wait for the light although there be no traffic . light a cigarette . the light change . he look both way and irresolutely start across the street . he stop . he check he watch . he sigh , and start back in the opposite direction . int . o'rourke's bar - night Galvin hold forth at the bar of a seedy drink - man 's establishment , three drinker , acquaintance , stand around he , appreciative . galvin Pat say , ' Mike ... there 's a new bar , you go in , for a half a buck you get a beer , a free lunch , and then take you in the back room and they get you laid . ' the bartender , jimmy , come up to Galvin . jimmy another , Frank ...? galvin ( gesture to include group ) ... everybody . Mike say , ' Pat , you mean to tell I for a buck you get a free lunch and a beer , and then you go in the back and get laid ? ' ' that 's correct . ' Mike say , ' Pat . have you be in this bar ?' Pat say , ' no , but my sister have ...' ( gesture to Jimmy ) everyone . buy yourself one too . int . galvine office - night the seedy , disorganize small office , Galvin in shirt - sleeve open a file cabinet . he take out a armload of file , carry they to a wastebasket and throw they in . he sit on he desk , as if exhaust by he effort , pour from a whiskey bottle into a large water glass , downs the glass . he have be drink for some time . he start stumbling back to the file cabinet . on the way he eye be catch by he degree hang on the wall . he stumble to they , pick they up and walk over to the wastebasket and throw they in . he go back to the file cabinet , the phone start ringing . Galvin let it ring , continue empty the file into the wastebasket , tear some of they up as he do so . he repeat softly to himself , as a litany , " it do not make a bit of difference , it do not make a bit of difference ... " he start back to the desk for the bottle , knock the still - ringing phone off the desk . he pour himself a drink . as he downs it we hear -- softly -- from the phone on the floor : a man' voice . " Frank . Frank . frank. goddamnit . be you there ...? Frank ... " Galvin pay no attention . drink he drink and gaze at the wall -- now empty of degree . angle - p.o.v . the empty wall . Galvin 's p.o.v . the telephone hear Voice over insist , " Frank ... " int . galvine office anteroom - night mickey morrissey , a man in he late sixty , dress in suit and overcoat , look worried , unlock the door to the dark anteroom . look around . see something in the next room . angle - p.o.v . Galvin asleep on he couch , clothed as before . cover in he overcoat , the bottle and glass next to the couch on the floor , the sound of the phone off the hook . angle mickey walk into the office . stands look at Galvin . mickey ( harshly ) get up . ( beat , more harshly ) get up . Galvin wake up . look around . swing he leg over the couch . drink from the glass . vacantly : galvin hi , mickey ... mickey what the hell do you think you be do ...? ( survey the wreck office ) what 's go on here ...? galvin uh ... mickey fuck you . I get a call today from Sally doneghy ... galvin ... now who be that ...? mickey ... you be ' spose to be in court in ten day and she 's tell I you have not even meet with they ... galvin Sally doneghy , now who be that ? mickey one lousy letter eighteen month ago ... I try to throw a fuckin ' case you way ... galvin ...hey , I do not need you charity ... mickey ... I get this people to trust you -- they be come here tomorrow by the way -- I get this expert doctor to talk to you . I be do all you fuckin ' legwork -- and it 's eighteen month . you be ' spose to be in court . I bet you have not even see the file . Galvin pour himself a drink . galvin hey , what be you , my nanny ? mickey walk to he , knock the drink out of he hand and slap he several time in the face . mickey listen to I . listen to I ... listen to I , Frank , ' cause I be do fuckin ' with you . I can not do it any more . look around you : you think that you be go to change ? what 's go to change it ? you think it 's go to be different next month ? it 's go to be the same . and I have to stop . this be it . I get you a good case , it 's a moneymaker . you do it right and it will take care of you . but I be through . I be sorry , Frank , this be the end . ( beat ) life be too short , and I be too old . ( beat ) mickey walk out of the office . slam the door . beat . Galvin look around the office . go to he sofa . sit , reach to side table . angle - insert the side table , a pack of lucky . Galvin take one , he hand shaking a little . also on side table a pile of change contain a small rosary and a wedding ring . int . galvine office anteroom - insert - day the carriage of a typewriter . a sheet of paper . its letterhead read " Frank P. Galvin . Attorney at Law , 124 State Street , Boston , mass. 02981 . cable fragal . " someone be type , " sorry I have to go out . back at 10 . judge geary call . be you available for lunch Wednesday University Club ? " a hand take a paper from carriage and put it on desk . take a pen and sign , " Claire . " angle Galvin in the anteroom , dress in he suit , unshave , have just sign the paper . he take a piece of scotch tape from the dispenser on the desk , pick up a file folder from the coffee table . it be tear in several place and rudely scotch - tape . angle - p.o.v . - insert the file head deborah Ann kaye v. St. Catherine laboure Hospital et al . angle Galvin survey the anteroom , open door to corridor , scotch tape the note he have just typewritten to the outside of the door . int . o'rourke's bar - day Dark panele , clean , simple . a drinker ' bar . old bartender and three customer space widely , Galvin in he overcoat down a shot , the file open before he . he be read . he check he watch , scoops the file together under he arm , throw a dollar on the bar , and head for the door . int . northern nursing home corridor - day Galvin walk tentatively down the corridor of a very rundown nursing home . he receive suspicious look from the attendant . he be check number on the door against a notation in the file . he find the correct door and enter . int . nursing home ward - day the door to the ward from the inside . Galvin open the door to the dark ward , backlit , tentative , a little unsteady from he drink . he put he back against the door , put down file and briefcase , extract a small cheap Polaroid camera from the briefcase , ready it to shoot , pick up he paraphernalia , and start off down the ward . as he walk down the ward he check the file hang at the foot of each bed . Galvin stop at the foot of one bed and read the chart . angle - p.o.v . the chart hold by Galvin . deborah ann kaye , various medical notation . he lower the chart and we see in the bed beyond it a shrivel , tiny form stick with needle and tube . angle Galvin replace the chart , put he file , briefcase , etc. on the foot of the bed , take a flash photo of the figure in the bed . take another one . put down camera , sit on the end of the bed gaze at the unseen form . he light a cigarette , and sit look at she . int . corridor - galvine office build - day sally doneghy . a mousy woman in she forty be stand by a door on which be write , " Frank P. Galvin . Attorney at Law . " galvin I be ... Mrs. doneghy ? I be Frank Galvin ... why do not you go in ? sally it 's lock . galvin ( astonished ) it 's lock ? Sally doneghy point to the note on the door . Galvin take it from the door . read . " back at 10 , judge geary . lunch ... " galvin I be terribly sorry ... I hope we do not put you out . wo not you come in ...? ( motion Sally into inner office , gesture with note ) I would offer you some coffee , but it look like my girl just go out . int . office anteroom - day Galvin be perch at he secretary 's desk . Sally doneghy across from he by the coffee table listen intently . galvin it 's not a good case . it 's a very good case . galvin a healthy young woman go into the hospital to deliver she third child , she 's give the wrong anesthetic ... sally ...we , we love she , Dick and I ... galvin ... I be sure you do ... sally but what can we do ? she do not know who 's visit she ... galvin ... I know . I go ... sally ... you see she ? galvin yes . yes , I have . sally you know how beautiful she be ? ( beat ) her husband leave she , and he take she kid ... they , they , they would let you die in there . they do not care . nobody care . the Patriot Home , the chronic Care ... in Arlington ...? they would take she in . perpetual care . they would take she . fifty thousand dollar they want . a endowment . galvin ... fifty thousand dollar ? sally I do not want to leave she . Dick ... the , the ... and Father laughlin , he say that it be God 's will ... galvin ... I understand ... sally my doctor tell I that I get to move out West ... that 's when we file in court . we do not want to sue ... galvin ... I understand ... sally ... but Dick , he 's look for two year in Tucson ... and they call he up and say to come out . he 's a good man . he 's only try to do what 's right . the door to the corridor open and dick doneghy , a workingman in he forty , come into the room . Sally and Galvin stand . sally this be my husband . donegy and Galvin shake hand uncomfortably . he motion the two to sit . galvin please sit down . I tell you wife . I be sorry that we have to meet out here . I have get a case come in two day in the Superior Court and my office be a mess of papers . doneghy ... that 's all right . galvin I be tell you wife , we have a very good case here . sally he see she at the Northern Care ... galvin ... and I have inquiry out to doctor , expert in the field ... there be , of course , a problem get a doctor to testify that another doctor 's negligent ... doneghy ... the archdiocese call up , they say who be we attorney , ' cause the case be come to trial ... galvin I doubt we will have to go to trial ... doneghy ... we tell they we do not want it to come out this way . galvin I completely understand ... doneghy we just ... sally we just can not do it anymore . ( beat ) this be we chance to get away . galvin I be go to see you get that chance . doneghy what be this go to cost ? galvin it 's completely do on a contingency basis . that mean whatever the settlement be I retain one-third ... that be , of course , the usual arrangement ... int . bishop brophy's suite - insert day yellow newspaper clipping , a very lovely , patrician woman in she twenty smile at a well - turn - out Galvin around thirty . headline : " Patricia harrington to Wed . " ALITO ( v.o. ) his name be Frank Galvin . b.u. Law , class of ' fifty - two . second in he class . editor of the Law Review . worked with mickey morrissey twelve year . criminal Law and personal injury ... ' a hand turn a page and reveal a second clipping : " Boston lawyer held in jury tamper case , " with a picture of a very confuse Galvin at around forty - five be lead to jail . ALITO ' married Patricia harrington , nineteen sixty ... ' angle the small , sumptuously appoint italianate office . french window , a fire in the grate , a view of Boston common , joseph ALITO , a slender , elegant man in he forty dress in a very expensive suit , read from he note , news clipping , etc. , which be hold in a leather folder . ALITO ' join stearn , harrington , pierce nineteen sixty as a full partner . resigned the firm nineteen sixt- ynine over the lillibridge case ...' do you ...? Alito , strolling as he read , move toward the window with he file to reveal bishop brophy , a self - contain man in he early sixty , sit on a leather couch , listen . bishop he be accuse of jury tamper . ALITO accuse . not indicted . he resign the firm . divorce nineteen seventy . Galvin work with Michael morrissey until morrissey retire in ' seventy - eight . since then he 's be on he own . four case before the circuit Court . he lose they all . he drink . bishop four case in three year ... ALITO the man 's a ambulance chaser ... bishop ... tell I about this case . ALITO this be a nuisance suit . he 's look for small change . he 's ask for six hundred thousand and betting we do not want to go to court . bishop no -- we do not want this case in court . ALITO neither do he . that 's where he lose . this man 's scared to death to go to court . we only have to call he bluff . bishop I want to settle this thing and be do with it . I do not want the archdiocese expose . ALITO no. absolutely , and we be go to see that it be not . bishop so what I want to do be stop it here . I be go to make he a offer . I want to do it myself . I want it to come from I . ALITO all right . but let 's keep the price down . I have call Ed concannon . he recommend that we continue to respond as if we be go to trial . the Bishop nod , meaning , " you be dismiss . " as a afterthought : bishop if we be to go to trial , would we win the case ? ALITO well , of course , it 's always dangerous ... bishop I know that answer . if we go to trial would we win ? ALITO ( in a " of course " tone ) yes . Alito , prepare to leave , reach to the Bishop 's desk , where he have laid he leather folder . angle the clipping in the folder , confuse Galvin be lead into jail , " Boston lawyer held in jury tamper case . " Alito 's hand snap the folder shut . int . galvine office build corridor - day a man 's arm full of textbooks . prominently display : " methodology and practice in anesthesiology . " the man stop , fumble for a key in he pocket . angle Galvin , in he overcoat , arm full of book , read from a textbook and try to unlock he office door . int . office Galvin enter . claire pavone , a woman in she fifty , at the secretary 's desk , hang up the phone . claire ( to phone ) thank you very much . Galvin look up at she in surprise . galvin what be you do here ? claire mickey tell I to come back to work . Galvin nod , proceed into he office , read from the textbook . Claire follow he into the office . claire ... here 's you mail , call Mrs. doneghy ... galvin ... yes . get she on the phone ... claire ... that be a Dr. David gruber 's office ... galvin ( put down book ) gruber ... claire mickey tell he to call . ( read from note ) ' he 's some very hotshot surgeon at mass . commonwealth . he want to meet with you at seven tonight be testimony in the case of deborah Ann kaye . you meet he at the hospital . ' she hand he type memo slip . galvin ( surprised ) ...he want to testify ...? claire it look that way . galvin you know what that would mean ? galvin to get somebody from a Boston hospital to say he will testify ? claire ...a Mrs. doneghy call ... I tell you that . phone ring . Claire move to it . galvin ( delighted ) this be go to drive the ante up . claire ( into phone ) Frank Galvin 's ... who 's call please ? Bishop brophy 's office ... she gesture to Galvin , " do you want to talk to they ? " Galvin gesture back , " no . I be not in ... " claire I be sorry , he 's not in ... may I take a mess ... tomorrow when , two o'clock ... I will check my book ... she look to Galvin , who nod , " yes . " claire yes . Mr. Galvin 's clear at that time ... the Bishop 's office , tomorrow , the fifth at two p.m . thank you ... she hang up . galvin that 's the call that I be wait for . claire what do it mean ? galvin they want to settle . ( beat ) it mean a lot of money . claire do that mean I be back for awhile ? int . gruber' hospital corridor - insert - night man 's wrist . WWII GI watch read : 6:56 . angle Galvin in overcoat stand outside door mark " doctor only " in bustling hospital corridor . he glance at memo slip in he hand . he open door . camera follows he onto : int . gruber' doctor locker room - night carpete , small , comfortable , line in locker . a doctor , on the phone in green , smoking a cigarette , talk on the phone softly , a couple of doctor sit , drink coffee , chat . Galvin , a trifle nervous , to Doctor on phone : galvin Dr. gruber ...? the Doctor on the phone gesture behind he to a thirty - ish man in blue jeans smoking a cigar , change at he locker . Galvin walk over to he . galvin Dr. gruber ... gruber ( turn ) yes ? Galvin , right ? he check he watch , continue change into suede jacket , check next appointment on a leather appointment book , lock the locker , pocket key . galvin I appreciate -- a man as busy as -- gruber that 's perfectly all right . I be kind of rush . do you mind if we walk while we talk ? gruber , Galvin follow , talk while exite locker room . int . gruber' hospital corridor - night gruber I read the hospital report on you client . galvin ... deborah Ann kaye ... gruber ... deborah Ann kaye ... they walk hurriedly through a hospital corridor , to a exit door and down concrete stair . int . gruber' hospital stair - night galvin they call , they be go to settle , what I want to do be build up as much ... gruber right . who call ? galvin the archdiocese call , they want to settle ... she estate ... gruber ... and you be go to do that ? galvin ( surprised , of course ) yes . gruber you be go to settle out of court ? gruber stop at the bottom of the stair , beside a exit to the outside . galvin yes . gruber why ? a beat . galvin ( it 's a meaningless question to he , as if to a child ) uh... in the , well , in the interest of she family ... you , Dr. gruber , you know , you can never tell what a jury be go to do . St. Catherine 's a very well think of institution . her doctor ... gruber ( glance at watch , impatient ) her doctor kill she . galvin ( a beat ) I be sorry ...? gruber her doctor murder she . they give she the wrong anesthetic and they put she in the hospital for life . ( a beat ) her doctor murder she . galvin do you know who she doctor be ? gruber I read the file . yeah . marx and towler . I know who they be . galvin the most respected ... gruber ( smile ) whose side be you argue ...? I think that you want to do something . I do not have any interest in the woman 's ' estate ' -- no offense , but we all know where the money 's go to ... I have a interest in the Hospital ; and I do not want that bozo work in the same shop as I . they give she the wrong anesthetic . they turn the girl into a vegetable . they kill she and they kill she kid . you catch them . now : how many other do they kill ? a beat . gruber discard end of a cigar . take a leather case from he suede jacket , extract a new cigar . offer one to Galvin . gruber you want a cigar ? Galvin take one absently . galvin the hospital be own by the archdiocese of ... gruber what be they go to do ? not invite I to they birthday party ...? ( check watch ) look , I gotta go . I have to be in Cambridge ... Galvin , excited , be try to light the cigar . his hand shake badly . he have forget to bite off the end . he bite it , light the cigar . galvin well , well , when can we meet again . I would like to get a deposition .. gruber okay . I will meet you here . Tuesday night ... I gotta go . you go my way ? Galvin shake he head . ext . gruber' hospital parking area - night gruber open door and walk out into the cold , into the parking lot , follow by Galvin , who be lighting he cigar . galvin we have to ... we ... we have to keep you under wrap . please do not , do not discuss ... gruber I understand . galvin ... the case with anyone . and I will meet you Tuesday , and we will go over you testimony ... they stop before a 1950s very beautiful small mercede sedan . gruber open the door , get into the plush red leather interior , start car , leave door open , still talk to Galvin . gruber right . Seven o'clock . here . Galvin scribbles information in he appointment book . galvin thank you ... gruber ... that 's perfectly all right . galvin ( beat ) uh , why , why be you do this ? gruber ( think a second ) to do right . be not that why you be do it ? int . o'rourke's tavern - night Galvin be at the bar , smile to himself . his drink be be refill . to bartender : galvin I want to buy you a drink . jimmy ( the bartender ) thanks , franky . Galvin look around . a very attractive self - possess young woman be sit in the crook of the bar across from he ; she be intently peruse the newspaper and circle item with a feel pen . Galvin speak to she : galvin would you like a drink ? she look up . smile . woman I would like a apartment . galvin settle for a drink ? she gesture at she own full glass in front of she . woman no . thank you . Galvin shrug . galvin I have a very good day today . woman ( beat , smile , downs drink , get up off the stool , sincerely ) I be glad you do . thank you . good night . galvin you be very welcome . he watch she as she leave the bar . he turn back to he drink . galvin well , well , well . huh ? jimmy yeah . galvin ( sigh ) it 's a long road that have no turn . jimmy that 's for sure , Frank . int . galvine apartment - night a shoddy one - and -a-half room bachelor apartment . Galvin , beer and cigarettes on the table beside he . he be sit on a armchair in the bedroom . a yellow legal pad in he lap . he be talk on the phone softly , soothingly . galvin I be go to the archdiocese tomorrow at two . I know you do not . I know you do not ... no , you be just follow you life . you have a life too ... you have to move out West . it do not help you to stay here . well ... I be sure she know you care for she . his attention wander to the legal pad in he lap . angle - p.o.v. the legal pad . spread on it a couple of Polaroid of deborah Ann in the nursing home . below they , write on the pad , large , " Dr. David gruber . ass 't . Chief anesthesiology , mass. commonwealth . ' they kill she . and they kill she kid -- her doctor murder she . ' " the follow figure be write on the pad : $ 150,000.00 write very large , circle , cross out . $ 250,000.00 similarly circle and cross out . $ 225,000.00 circle many time . galvin ( voice over ; on phone ) well . well . well . finally we be none of we protect ... we ... we just have to go on . to seek help where we can ... and go on ... I know that you love she ... I know you be act out of love . angle - galvin on the phone galvin ( into phone ) as soon as I know ... you give he my respects too . not at all . not at all ... good night . ( beat ) well , bless you , too . good night . he hang up phone , sigh . light a cigarette . rotates he neck to loosen it up . reaches to the table next to he bed for the bottle to pour a drink . angle - insert his hand reach for the bottle . on the table the photo of a very beautiful blonde woman in a silver frame . she be the same woman we see earlier in the news clip . she be on the deck of a sailboat , laugh . a pile of change on the table , a money clip , a rosary , and the wedding ring in the pile of change . angle Galvin look at the photo in the silver frame next to he bed . he sigh deeply . beat . reaches up to the lamp above he head and turn it off . he sit stiffly in the dark a moment , then let he head fall back to the chair . int . northern nursing home ward - day Galvin , spruce up a bit , sit on a bed , he briefcase on he lap . gazing at the unseen deborah Ann kaye in the dark ward . Silent . beat . he look in he briefcase , take out a file . angle - p.o.v . - insert the file , label deborah Ann kaye . Galvin extract the photo of the young mother romping with she two child ; he take the yellow legal pad from he briefcase and put it on top of the picture ( the figure cross out ; " her doctor murder she , " etc . ) . we hear the door to the ward open and two irish women gossipe . irish nurse # 1 ( v.o. ) Jimmy , I say , do not you go in you pocket if there 's nothing there ... irish nurse # 2 ( v.o. ) ... and what do he say ...? irish nurse # 1 ( v.o. ) ( spy Galvin , she tone change ) ... Sir , you be not allow to be in here ... angle Galvin sit on the bed look at deborah Ann . he look up to the speaker . a slovenly irish nurse , who have come into the room and be stand by he . the other nurse be frame in the doorway . Galvin be lose in think . nurse you can not be in here . galvin ( as if remember something , simply ) I be she attorney . int . bishop brophy's office - day the Bishop from the waist up , sit behind he beautiful desk . compassionately : bishop it 's a question of continue value . St. Catherine 's -- to do the good that she must do in the community have to maintain the position that she hold in the community . so we have a question of balance . on the one hand , the reputation , and , so , the effectiveness of we hospital , and two of she important doctor -- and , on the other hand , the rights of you client . angle Galvin seat across from the Bishop . a young priest seat , discreetly , attentively , across the room . sherry glass in front of Galvin and the Bishop . Galvin drink from he . bishop a young woman . in she prime ... deprive of ... ( search for a word ) ...life ... sight ... she family ... it 's tragic . it 's a tragic accident . Galvin have be dream . bishop ... nothing , of course , can begin to make it right . but we must do what we can . we must do all that we can . he gesture to the Young Priest , who cross the room , extract a sheet from a file folder , and place it before Galvin , who be sit as if in a dream . the Bishop wait a beat , not want to interrupt Galvin 's reverie , then catch he eye and gesture down at the paper . Galvin glance down . insert the sheet : " I , Frank P. Galvin , duly appoint conservator for deborah Ann kaye , in consideration of two hundre ten thousand dollar ( $ 210,000.00 ) pay in hand to I this day by St. Catherine laboure Hospital do hereby release from any and all claim ... " angle Galvin and the Bishop as before . Galvin finish read , look up . bishop yes . we must try to make it right . beat . Galvin nod . beat . Bishop nod discreetly to the Young Priest who extract mount blanc fountain pen from he pocket , hold it out to Galvin . bishop it 's a generous offer , Mr. Galvin ... ( beat ) ... nothing can make the woman well ... but we try to compensate ... to make a gesture ... galvin how do you settle on the amount ? bishop we think it be just . galvin you think it be just . bishop yes . galvin because it strike I how neatly ' three ' go into the amount . two hundre ten thousand . that would mean I keep seventy . bishop that be we insurance company 's recommendation . galvin yes . it would be . a beat . bishop nothing that we can do can make that woman well . galvin and no one will know the truth . bishop what be the truth ? galvin that that poor girl put she trust in the hand of two man who take she life , she 's in a coma , she life be go . she have no family , she have no home , she 's tie to a machine , she have no friend -- and the people who should care for she : she doctor , and you , and I , have be buy off to look the other way . we have be pay to look the other way . I come in here to take you money . ( beat ) I bring snapshot to show you . so I could get you money . ( to Young Priest , wave away document ) I can not take it . if I take it . if I take that money I be lose . I be just go to be a rich ambulance chaser . ( beat ; plead for understanding ) I can not do it . I can not take it . young priest if we may discuss money , Mr. Galvin . how be you law practice ? galvin it 's not too good . I have only get one client . hold . int . lawyer room and corridor - day Galvin , determine , come down a corridor in the courthouse , open a door . camera follows he in . the lawyer room . ten or twelve ambulance chaser wait for client . they all look up as he enter , then return to they read , phone , card game . camera follows he to the corner of the room where mickey morrissey be play gin with a crony . galvin I have to talk to you . mickey what do you want ? galvin ( drag he up ) come on . let 's get a drink . mickey ( sigh , to partner ) do not touch anything . Galvin lead mickey out of the room . int . first corridor courthouse - day mickey and Galvin silhouett against a window at the end of the dark corridor , argue . mickey ( enraged ) be you out of you mind ...? galvin ... I be go to need you help ... mickey you need my help ...? you need a goddamn keeper ... be you tell I that you turn down two-hundred - ten grand ? ( beat ) huh ...? be you nut ? eh ? be you nut . what be you go to do , bring she back to life ? galvin I be go to help she . mickey to do what ...? to do what , for chrissake ...? to help she to do what ? she 's dead ... galvin they kill she . and they be try to buy it ... mickey that 's the point , you stupid fuck . let they buy it . we let they buy the case . that 's what I take it for . you let this drop -- we will go up to New Hampshire , kill some fuckin ' deer ... he turn away . galvin Mick . mick. Mick ... mickey what ? galvin you -- listen : you say to I , ' if not now , when ... ' mickey I know what I say but not now . you win it . franky . you win it . when they give you the money , that mean that you win . we do not want to go to court -- be this get to you ...? you know who the attorney be for the archdiocese , Eddie concannon . galvin ...he 's a good man ... mickey ...he 's a good man ...? he 's the Prince of fuckin ' darkness ... he will have people in there testify that the broad be well -- they see she Tuesday on a surfboard at hyannis ... do not fuck with this case . galvin ... I have to stand up for she ... mickey Frank , but not now . Frank . you be try to wipe out some old business . but not now . I understand . but you go call them back . you call the Bishop back . galvin I have to try this case . I have to do it , Mick . I have get to stand up for that girl . I need you help . ( beat ) Mick , will you help I ...? ( beat ) will you help I ...? int . concannon office corridor -- day a young attorney in shirt - sleeve and vest racing through a huge , ultra-modern , ultra-successful legal office . the office be near empty . a couple of secretary be at they desk , a couple of lawyer in they cubicle . the camera follows the Attorney tear through the corridor of the office , up a spiral staircase , through yet more office space , into : int . concannon conference room - day ...a conference room . mahogany , tinted glass , a panoramic view of Boston . twenty - five attorney , male and female , mostly young , gaze at the young Attorney as he enter the room . he stop run . he approach the front of the room tentatively . stand at the blackboard in front of the conference room be edward concannon . senior partner of the firm , late fifty , impose , he radiate success . as the young Attorney approach concannon he be stop with a gesture . concannon address the room . concannon ( smile ) anybody ever hear , ' for want of a shoe a horse be lose ? ' who 's go on vacation tomorrow ? a young man raise he hand . concannon friedman . St. bart . be that right ? friedman yessir . concannon ( to secretary take note at the side of the room ) send Mrs. friedman a dozen rose tomorrow morning please , sal . I tell you what , send she a sunlamp . ( smile , there be laughter from the room ; to friedman , sympathetic ) I be sorry , but you will have to stay . no vacation till this thing be clear . concannon motion to the young Attorney who have run in . the young Attorney go to concannon and hand he a box of chalk . concannon take a piece and write on the blackboard " Jan. 12th . " he underline it heavily . concannon we court date be January twelfth . you be all acquainted with this case . it 's be schedule for eighteen month . we have the attorney for the plaintiff , Frank Galvin -- and I trust you be all familiar with he record -- and we have be expect he to call we to negotiate . as he do not , and five day before we be suppose to go to court we make he a rather generous offer , which he refuse . five day before the trial . what do this mean ? I want to find out . ( write on the blackboard , " 1 ) Research " ) ( write " 2 ) homework " ) acquaint yourselves again with the deposition . do not rely on the fact that we do it last year . do it again . we be go to review they here , and you do it at home . you each have a full file . know the dep , and I want you all to be here when we work with the defendant ... when be that , billy ...? the young Attorney respond . young lawyer ( billy ) Tuesday evening , Sir . concannon write on blackboard " 3 ) Public awareness . " concannon I want a article in the Globe as soon as possible , ' St. cat 's ... Neighborhood giant serve the community ' etc . we have get it in the file . I want something in Monday 's Herald : ' we gallant doctor , ' something ... be inventive , I want television ... ( nod toward one of the young lawyer ) ... talk to we man at gbh . and to belabor the obvious for a moment ... ( beat ) we client be : the archdiocese of Boston ; St. Catherine laboure Hospital , and drs. marx and towler , two of the most respected man in they profession . the thrust of this defense will be to answer in court , in the press and in the public mind -- to answer the accusation of negligence this completely : not only that we win the case , but that we win the case so that it 's see that the attack on this man and this institution be a rank obscenity . ( beat ) all right . let 's get the cobweb off . billy ...? the young lawyer stand as concannon sit , listen . young lawyer please turn to you page four . all the lawyer in the office turn in they file to that page . young lawyer we be go to start with a review of the deposition of the operate room team : the nurse - anesthetist , the scrub-nurse , the ... int . law library - night Galvin and mickey at a library table pile with book . a dingy , dusty law library . they be smoking , speak in undertone , refer to the yellow legal pad in front of they . rehash material . mickey who have we get ? galvin we have get she sister . testify she have a meal one hour before she be admit to the hospital . this be the point . mickey you get the admittance form say patient eat nine hour prior to admittance . galvin admittance form be wrong . mickey forget it . you can not prove it . sister 's testimony be no good . jury know we win she get the cash . galvin I have get my Dr. gruber , say she heart condition mean they give she the wrong anesthetic anyway , plus she come in complain of stomach pain ... mickey ( concede ) ... gruber 's not bad . galvin not bad ...? this guy 's Dr. kildare , the jury 's go to love he , Mick ... and you calm down , all right ? they guy , towler 's , the author of the book , ( hunt for book on desk , hold it up ; read ) ' methodology and practice , anesthesiology . ' ( rummages through a pile of papers on the desk ) ... and they get deposition from the nurse , everybody in the operate room , the scrub-nurse ... ' all this guy be God . I see they walk on water ...' ( check a list ) they have a obstetrical nurse in there . we get a deposition from the obstetrical nurse ? mickey ( check list ) no . galvin ( read from pad ) ' Mary rooney , forty - nine . live in Arlington , still work at the hospital . ' can you get out tomorrow ? how come she be not speak up . mickey right . galvin okay now . case : Smith versus State of Michigan . mickey right . galvin brindisi versus electric Boat . mickey you get a good memory , franky . galvin I have a good teacher . McLean versus urban Transport ... int . o'rourke's pub - night Galvin and mickey enter the bar , walk over to the bar . Galvin see something o.s. call to the bartender . galvin Jimmy ? bushmills . ( turn to mickey , whisper ) lookit , do I a favor . I will buy you a drink tomorrow . mickey yeah ? and what be you go to do tonight ? galvin I be go to get laid . Galvin motion with he head down at the end of the bar . angle - p.o.v. the woman from last night , sit in she same place at the end of the bar . mickey look at she . shrug . get up off stool . mickey do not leave you best work in the sheet . he salute , walk off . Galvin take he drink and move down to she . galvin D ' you find a apartment ? LAURA still look . galvin I change my life today . what do you do ? LAURA I change my room at the Hotel . galvin why ? LAURA the tv do not work . galvin what Hotel be you stay at ? LAURA and what be you ? a cop ? galvin I be a lawyer . LAURA my ex-husband be a lawyer . galvin really . how wonderful for you . LAURA yes . it be , actually . galvin oh , actually it be . then why would you call it off ? LAURA who say I be the one that call it off ? galvin a brick house say you divorced he . I will put you on you honor . Bet you a hundred dollar against you join I for dinner . and I will take you word for it . now you tell I the truth . because you can not lie to I . what 's you name ? LAURA Laura . galvin my name 's Frank . and furthermore , you come back to see I tonight . LAURA what if it be not you that I come back to see ? galvin you just get lucky . ( get up off stool ) D ' you eat yet ? come on . she get up from the stool and start follow he in spite of herself . galvin Jesus , you be one beautiful woman . int . o'rourke's - night ( later ) Galvin and Laura be in a booth . the remain of a dinner and drink around they . they be both smoking cigarettes , intent on each other . both a little drunk . galvin the weak , the weak have get to have somebody to fight for they . be not that the truth ? you want another drink ? LAURA I think I will . Galvin motion " another round " to the bartender . galvin Jimmy ! ( beat ) that 's why the court exist . the court do not exist to give they justice , eh ? but to give they a chance at justice . LAURA and be they go to get it ? galvin they might . yes . that 's the point ... be that they might ... you see , the jury want to believe . they be all cynic , sure , because they want to believe . I have to go in there tomorrow to find twelve people to hear this case . I be go to see a hundred people and pick twelve . and every one of they it 's write on they face , ' this be a sham . there be no justice ... ' but in they heart they be say , ' maybe ... maybe ... ' LAURA maybe what ? galvin ( beat ) maybe I can do something right . LAURA and be that what you be go to do ? ( a beat ) be that what you be go to do ...? galvin that 's what I be go to try to do . int . galvine apartment - night the bedroom , dark , sound of people move , the bedside light be flicked on . we see Galvin in shirt - sleeve , hold a whiskey glass a little unsettle , turn on the light , Laura , with a glass , also a bit unsteady , stand beside he . both awkward . he look at she , turn back to the bed , turn down the bed , see the silver - frame picture of he wife , he look back at Laura , start to take the picture to turn it down . LAURA that 's all right . she start take off she blouse . int . courthouse bar -insert - day a half - full old - fashioned glass . angle Galvin sit at the fairly well - equip bar , still . he look out of the window at a building across the street . ext . courthouse - p.o.v. shot - day the courthouse across the street . int . courthouse bar - day Galvin glance at bar clock . angle - p.o.v. the clock read 10:12 . angle Galvin downs he drink , pick he briefcase off of the bar and start for the door . int . judge sweeney' chambers-day judge sweeney , a florid man in he sixty , sit in shirtsleeve eat bacon and egg off of a hotel service on a tray , talk conspiratorially with Ed concannon , who be drink coffee , seat across the desk . they be obviously old friend . the sound of a door open . they turn they head to the door . angle - p.o.v. Galvin stand in the door . judge ( v.o. ) you be late , Mr. Galvin . he enter the room . camera follows he as he sit next to concannon . galvin yessir . I be sorry . judge why be that ? galvin I be hold up . concannon smile and extend he hand . concannon Ed concannon . galvin ( shaking he head ) Frank Galvin . we have meet before . as the judge start to speak Galvin can not help look at concannon out of the corner of he eye . judge let 's do some business . angle - p.o.v. galvin concannon , brisk , expensive - look , tan , huge gold watch , custom - make suit . judge ( v.o. ) they tell I that no bargain ever be complete other than quickly when both party really care to make a deal . concannon feel Galvin 's eye on he , half - turn , smile . angle - the judge , concannon , galvin judge now , have you boy try to resolve you little difficulty because that certainly would save the commonwealth a lot of time and bother . galvin this be a complicated case , you honor ... judge I be sure it be , Frank : and let I tell you something . if we find it so complex , how in the hell you think you be go to make a jury understand it ? ( smile at Galvin ) see my point ? let 's talk a minute . Frank : what will you and you client take right now this very minute to walk out of here and let this damn thing drop ? galvin my client can not walk , you honor . judge I know full well she can not , Frank . you see the padre on you way out and he will punch you ticket . you follow I ? I be try to help you . concannon you honor , Bishop brophy and the archdiocese have offer plaintiff two hundred and ten thousand dollar . judge huh ! concannon my doctor do not want a settlement at any price . they want this clear up in court . they want they vindication . I agree with they . but for today the offer stand . before we begin the publicity of a trial . for today only . ( beat ) when I walk out that door the offer be withdraw . ( turn to Galvin ) as long as you understand that . ( beat ) it 's get to be that way . galvin we be go to try the case . a beat . Galvin fumble for a cigarette . the three sit in silence . judge ( incredulous ) that 's it ...? ( beat ) come on , guy ... life be too short ... ( beat ) you tell I if you be play ' chicken , ' or you mean it . ( beat ; turn to Galvin ) Frank : I do not think I be talk out of school , but I just hear someone offer you two hundred grand ... and that 's a lot of money ... and if I may say , you have not get the best of record . galvin ... thing change . judge ... that 's true . sometimes they change , sometimes they do not . now , I remember back to when you be disbarre ... galvin I be not disbarre , they drop the pro ... judge and it seem to I , a fella 's try to come back , he would take this settlement , and get a record for himself . ( beat ) I myself would take it and run like a thief . galvin I be sure you would . the judge turn , unbely that Galvin have patronize and insulted he . he control himself . judge hm. ( beat ; check book ) we have the date set ? next Thursday . good. ( smile ) see you boy in court . int . courtroom - insert - day a legal document . list of prospective juror . deborah ann kaye versus ST . catherine laboure hospital , et. al. : Mr. Arthur abram , machinist , 58 ; Mrs. joann chepek , housewife , 42 ; Mr. Roger Crawford , chemist , 59 , etc . angle Galvin , seat at the conference table intent on the form in front of he . he cross out something with a pen . Galvin take the form , rise , walk across the room , walk by the defense table with concannon and a aide at it . approach the jury box , which have several prospective juror in it . he be very nervous . he address a man . galvin Mr. abraham ... abram abram ... galvin abram . yes . how be you today ? abram I be fine . galvin good. ( beat ) you ever be inside a hospital ? abram yes . galvin ah . how do they treat you ? Galvin have flop sweat , abram be become intractable . abram I do not know what you mean . int . cigar - courthouse corridor - day mickey stand by the door to the courtroom , look through the glass panel , a newspaper under he arm , smoking . Galvin come out . mickey be a long time , huh ...? galvin I be get it back . do not worry about I , Mick . I be fine . d' you find the obstetric nurse ? mickey Mary rooney . she will not talk to I . I try she at the hospital . I be go to try she back at home . read this . he hand Galvin the newspaper . Galvin take it , read . angle - p.o.v. the newspaper , fold to page two . a full - page photo of smile doctor cluster around a operate table . huge caption : " International honor to St. Catherine laboure Hospital . the faculte internationale de la chirurgerie today announce St. Catherine 's as this year 's recipient of the covete medaillon de la sante ... " etc . angle Galvin read . look up . galvin so what ? mickey so what ...? the best be yet to come . check the tv guide . they get we Dr. towler on a panel on gbh on Friday : ' the heal Hand . the expert speak . ' galvin they still have to take it to a jury . look back at he form . mickey what I be say , they be get some help . galvin ( look annoyed ) so what do you want I to do ? concannon 's go to try the case he way , I be go to try it mine . you want I to go wee wee wee all the time because he 's get some flack , get storey in the newspaper . I be go to win this case . they start walk across the courthouse corridor . mickey veer off and stop at a cigar stand . to the stand operator : mickey John : gimme a cuesta-ray . galvin oh shit , what 's today ? mickey today be Tuesday . what ? galvin I have get to go see gruber . ( to cigar stand Operator ) what 's the best cigar you have ? mickey give them a box of macanudos . galvin mickey : I be suppose to meet somebody at O'Rourke 's , I can not make it . JOHN here you be , franky . galvin ( take box ) thanks . can you go over and meet she ...? tell she I will stop by when I be through ... Laura Fischer ... mickey sure . who be she ? JOHN that 's thirty - three buck . can you believe that ...? mickey oh , yeah . you broad from last night . Galvin pay the cigar stand Operator . JOHN thanks , franky . galvin tell she that I will meet she there , okay ? see you tomorrow in the office . mickey shrug . galvin we be do fine . angle the two of they crossing the lobby . Dick doneghy , look around the lobby , spy they , start across , and accost Galvin . doneghy you say you be gonna call I up . you do not call I up . who do you think you be ? ( push Galvin into a wall ; advance ; push he again ) who do you think you be ...? galvin hold on a second . doneghy I be go to have you disbarre . I be go to have you ticket . you know what you do ? do you know what you do ? he push Galvin again . Galvin wave mickey off . galvin it 's all right , mickey . doneghy you ruin my life , mister ... I and my wife ... and I be go to ruin yours ... ( push Galvin again ) you do not have to go out there to see that girl . we be go four year . ( beat ) four year ... my wife 's be cry herself to sleep what they , what , what they do to she sister . galvin I swear to you I would not have turn the offer down unless I think that I could win the case ... doneghy what you think !? what you think ... I be a workingman , I be try to get my wife out of town , we hire you , we be pay you , I get to find out from the other side they offer two hundred ... galvin I be go to win this case ... mist ... Mr. doneghy ... I be go to the jury with a solid case , a famous doctor as a expert witness , and I be go to win eight hundred thousand dollar . doneghy you guy , you guy , you be all the same . the doctor at the hospital , you ... it 's ' what I be go to do for you ' ; but you screw up it 's ' we do the best that we could . I be dreadfully sorry ...' and people like I live with you mistake the rest of we life . he nod sadly to himself . beat . galvin if I could accept the offer right now , I would . ( beat ) they take it back . doneghy I understand . ( start to walk away from Galvin ; stop ) I go to the bar Association . they tell I you be go to be disbarre . int . o'rourke's pub - night Laura be sit in the same place at the bar . mickey come up to she . mickey franky can not make it . he have a appointment he forget , he 's go to see you later . I be mickey morrissey , we be suppose to get to know each other . LAURA how be I do so far ? mickey so far you be great . you get a cigarette ? Laura open she purse , start hunt for a cigarette . LAURA what be you drink ? ( hand he cigarettes , smile , call the bartender ) Jimmy ...? int . gruber' hospital corridor - night Galvin walk up to a door mark doctor only . he open he briefcase , take out the box of macanudo cigar , smile to himself , walk inside . int . doctor ' locker room - gruber' locker Galvin enter , look around , it be empty . he look at the clock , take out he appointment book , turn to appropriate page . angle - p.o.v. the book , write very large : " Dr. gruber . 7:00 p.m. Hospital . " angle Galvin stand , he wait a beat . start out of locker room . int . gruber' hospital corridor - nurse ' station - night camera follows he to nurse ' Station . he speak to the nurse behind the desk . galvin Dr. gruber . nurse Dr. gruber 's not here today , sir. galvin no ... no ... she glance down , check a sheet . nurse yes , Sir . he have not be in all day ... he 's not on the chart ... ext . gruber' office build and STREET - night Galvin walk in the snow . stop outside of a very lovely brownstone with a small brass plaque . the plaque : Dr. David c. gruber . M.D. p.c. angle Galvin look in through the window of the dark , desert ground - floor office . he knock on the door . nothing . he knock again . nothing . he stand unbely . ext . gruber' house &amp ; STREET - night Galvin get out of a taxi , rush up the step of a brownstone . peeps through the window on the side of the house . Dark . he grab the brass knocker . pound . nothing , he pound again . nothing . he be beat . he be without resource . he start vacantly down the stair . the door behind he be open . he turn . angle - p.o.v. a middle - age black woman in livery . maid what be it ? Galvin in the step speak with she . galvin Dr. gruber . maid Dr. gruber 's not in . galvin I have a appointment at he office , I think I must have get it wrong . we have a meeting ... maid he 's not in , sir. galvin where be he ? she hesitates . she have be instruct not to say . Galvin start up the step . galvin I ... please . my wife ... my wife 's prescription have run out . if I can call he ... maid Dr. halpern 's take all he ... galvin no , no , no . I have to talk to he . if I can only call he ... maid ( beat ) he 's ... you can not reach he , Sir . he 's in the , on some island in the Caribbean , they do not have a phone . ( beat ) he will be back in a week ... ( beat ) if you would like Dr. halpern 's number ... Galvin turn away from the door . he be still clutching the box of cigar unconsciously . int . o'rourke be - night mickey and Laura . position unchange , at the bar . somewhat progress toward a convivial drunkenness mickey stearn , harrington , you know who that be ? LAURA should I ? mickey a huge law firm . okay ? they put he in the firm , he 's marry , everything 's superb . franky , he 's start to talk like he come from dorsetshire , some fuckin ' place , ' you must drop by with Pat and I ...' okay ...? LAURA yes . mickey ... and he 's make a billion dollar every minute work for stearn , harrington , and he buy a dog , and everything be rosy . ( beat ) then Mr. stearn , he try to fix a case . LAURA the Big Boy do ...? mickey that Frank be work on . yeah . he think franky need some help , so they bribe a juror . so franky find out . he come to I in tear . he think that anybody who know what a ' spinnaker ' be get to be a saint . I tell he ' franky , wake up . this people be shark . what do you think they get so rich from ? do good ? ' he can not be comfort . he tell the boy at stearn and harrington they have disappointed he , he 's go to the judge to rat they out . LAURA huh . mickey before he can get there here come this Federal marshal , and franky 's indicted for jury tamper , they throw he in jail , he 's gonna be disbarre , he life be over . ( beat ) Jimmy , gimme another drink . ( to Laura ) how be you ? LAURA ( to Jimmy ) I , too . mickey okay . now , so he 's in jail . he , finally , he get to see the light , he call up harrington , he say he think he make a mistake . as if by magic , charge against he be drop , he 's release from jail . ( beat ) p.s. he 's fire from the firm , he wife divorce he , he turn to drink and mope around three and a half year . ( beat ) you like that story ? she look at he . hold . ext . judge sweeney' house - night snow fall . Galvin stand outside , have just rung the bell . the door be open by a gangly teen - age boy . camera follows Galvin into ... int . judge sweeney' house - night ... the hall of the house . the boy motion toward a close slide door and then go into the live room opposite . Galvin hang up he coat on the hall coat rack , we hear the boy resume the practice of a passage of chopin on the piano . Galvin knock on the slide door . judge ( o.s. ) yes ? Galvin open the door and go into the judge 's darken study . the judge be watch a basketball game on tv , drink a beer . camera follows Galvin into the room . judge what be it ? galvin thank you for see I . judge that 's perfectly all right . judge turn down the volume of the game , but keep watch it . galvin I need a extension for my case . judge you should have take they offer . especially if you be unprepare . galvin I have a witness disappear on I . judge that happen . galvin I could subpoena he if I have a week . judge I do not have a week . this case never should have come to trial . you know better . you be Mr. independent . you want to be independent ? be independent now . I have get no sympathy for you . judge lean forward , turn up the volume on the game . ext . STREET - galvin - phone - night long shot of car whoosh in the snow past a lonely street corner . a man at a open telephone stand . the sound of the telephone on the far end ringing . angle Galvin at the stand , shiver in the cold , talk on the phone . a open note pad in he bare hand . voice Continental Casualty ... galvin Mr. Alito , please . voice Business hour be over , Sir . this be the switch ... galvin I have to reach he . this be a emergency . could you give I he home number ? voice I be sorry , Sir , we be not allow ... galvin ... would you , would you call he up . I will give you my number , and ask he ... voice I can not guarantee that ... galvin I understand . thank you , my name be Galvin . I will be at the follow number in a half a hour . it 's urgent . int . galvine office - night Galvin be sit at he desk , a stack of file pile on he desk , he be sorting through they look for something . the phone ring , he snatch it up . galvin ( into phone ) hello . yes . thank you for call . Frank Galvin ... I be represent deborah Ann kaye ...? I would like to discuss you firm 's offer of the two hundred th ... in the sense that I feel that we would like to accept it . ( beat ) well , it 's rather a shock to I , too ; but it 's my client 's wish ... she 's change she mind as of this evening ... I must say that I try to dissuade she ... he wipe he sweat forehead , he hear the sound of he office door open , he look up . angle - p.o.v. mickey open the front door to the office , carry a armful of lawbook , and a couple of file , he turn on the light in the anteroom , and we see that he be surprised to see Galvin in the office . angle - galvin on the phone . galvin ... well , she , on the eve of the case ... you understand ... I think quite frankly she 's come down with nerve and she would like ... a beat . mickey come tentatively into the room and sit at the desk across from Galvin . galvin when be that arrive at ...? ( beat ) I , I know what Mr. concannon say , but ... I ... well , I think you be make a mistake ... I think that you should reconsider ; why do not you check with you principal , and I will call you in the ... ( beat ) no ?... you ... uh . all right . no . that 's fine . I understand . sorry to bother you at home . he hang up the phone . sit rock still . beat . mickey what happen ...? Galvin start search through he file again . mickey what happen , joey ...? galvin I can not talk now . mickey D ' you meet with Dr. gruber ...? Galvin have find the sheet he be look for , he extract it from the file . angle - p.o.v. the sheet of yellowing paper . headed " deborah ann kaye poss . drs. to testify : contact : Dr. lucien Thompson , mineola Long Island ; Dr. duane litchey ... " he turn to second sheet . it be a letter-head sheet , " lucien Thompson , m.d . " " dear Mr. Galvin , after study the case material on deborah Ann kaye , I would be glad ... " Galvin turn back to first sheet , underline thompson in red . angle Galvin dial phone . galvin concannon get to my witness . ( beat ; to himself ) I can not breathe in here ... ( into phone ) hello Doctor ...? ( check sheet ) Dr. Thompson . this be Joseph Galvin , attorney for a deborah Ann kaye , we have some correspondence some time ago ...? that 's right . I be sorry that we never get back , the case be postpone , and I have have a changeover in staff ... I be sorry to call you so late ... angle mickey , look pityingly at Galvin . mickey see the box of macanudo cigar on the desk , pick they up , start to open they -- throw they across the room in disgust . galvin ( v.o. ) ... but we have have a change of strategy , and we be wonder , I know this be short notice , but ... int . galvine apartment - night Galvin in pants and shirt carry a drink , distraught , frighten . stand in the doorway of he sit room . angle Laura in slack and sweater come out of the kitchen with she drink . she sit at worktable on which be Galvin 's briefcase , file , etc . Galvin and Laura . he be bite he nail . LAURA would you like I to leave ...? ( beat ) be this a bad time -- ? galvin ( distract ) what ...? LAURA be this a bad time . galvin we , we ... no ... we just have a small reversal in the case ... ( beat ) I have some , uh ... I have some work to do ... LAURA what happen ...? galvin they , uh , they get to my witness . LAURA ... and be that serious ? Galvin , suddenly focus , start for worktable . galvin I have get to work ... LAURA do you want I to go ...? galvin no , no , I be just ... he stop , rub he face ... LAURA why do not you get some rest ? galvin I have get to work . LAURA you can not work if you can not think . you get in bed . it 's all right . I will stay here with you . it 's all right . come on ... galvin you be go to stay here ...? LAURA yes . a beat . galvin I be only go to rest a little while . she lead he into the bedroom . angle - later same room , Laura , dress in Galvin 's bathrobe , sit in the easy chair next to he worktable , smoking a cigarette , read a old hard - cover novel . she look up across the room . angle - p.o.v. the door to the bedroom , close . angle Laura sigh , take a drag . put the book down on she lap . sit , think . int . concannon' conference room - day Witness stand . dr . towler , a distinguished man in he fifty , sit on the stand . concannon o.s . the doctor be ill - at - ease ; smile nervously . concannon ( v.o. ) what be you name , please ? towler Dr. Robert towler . concannon ( v.o. ) you be deborah Ann kaye 's doctor ...? dr . towler no , actually , she be refer to I . she be Dr. hagman 's patient ... concannon do not equivocate . be positive . just tell the truth . angle the conference room . wide . concannon 's young lawyer take note as concannon rehearse Dr. towler , a Sony vtr be operate by one of they . concannon whatever the ' truth ' be , let 's hear that . you be she doctor . dr . towler yes . concannon say it . dr . towler I be she doctor . concannon you be the anesthesiologist at she delivery May twelfth , nineteen seventy ... dr . towler ... I be one of a group of ... concannon answer affirmatively . simply . keep that answer to three word . you be not ' part of a group , ' you be she anesthesiologist . be not that right ? dr . towler yes . concannon you be there to help Dr. marx deliver she baby . be you not ? dr . towler yes . angle concannon start to stroll a bit around the conference room , in back of the assemble assistant , by the large window , which offer a panoramic view of Boston . concannon anything special about the case ? dr . towler when she ... the young lawyer ( billy ) , concannon 's right -hand assistant , raise he hand to get concannon 's attention . concannon ( to Dr. towler , correct he ) when ' debby ' ... ( to Young lawyer ) thank you . Young lawyer nod , make a notation in he pad . dr . towler thank you . when debby ... concannon ( switch he tack ) Dr. towler , who be in the operate room with you ? dr . towler Ms. nevins , nurse -anesthetist ; Dr. marx , of course ... he nod toward Dr. marx who be in the audience , who nod back . dr . towler Mary rooney , the obstetrical nurse ... concannon what do this people do when she heart stop ? dr . towler we go to code Blue ... concannon ' code Blue , ' what do that mean ...? dr . towler it 's a common medical expression , it 's a crash program to restore the heartbeat . Dr. marx cut a airway in she trachea , to get she oxygen , she and the baby ... Ms. nevins ... concannon why be not she get oxygen ...? dr . towler well , many reason , actually ... concannon tell I one ? dr . towler she would aspirate vomitus into she mask ... concannon she threw up in her mask . let 's cut the bullshit . say it : she threw up in her mask . a beat . dr . towler she throw up in she mask . concannon nod to the Young lawyer , who be conscientiously take note . concannon ... and she heart stop and she be not get oxygen . dr . towler that 's right . concannon and what do you team do ... dr . towler well , we ... concannon ... you bring thirty year of medical experience to bear . be not that what you do ? dr . towler yes . concannon ... a patient riddled with complication , questionable information on she , on she admit form ... dr . towler ... we do everything we could ... concannon ...to save she and to save the baby . be that ... dr . towler yes ! concannon you reach down into death . now , be not that right ? dr . towler ( get overcome ) my God , we try to save she ... you can not know ... you can not know ... concannon ( change tactic ; soothing ) tell we . beat . Dr. towler sigh . he begin to speak . ext . south STREET station - boston - day people come out of a just - arrive train . angle Galvin watch they , he have a large boutonniere on he lapel . the depart passengers stream past he . a elderly black man pass he by , turn and come back to he . angle - the black man and galvin dr . thompson Mr. Galvin ? Galvin turn . he be take aback . he register who it must be . galvin Dr. Thompson ...? dr . thompson it be good of you to meet ... Galvin cut he off , take he bag . galvin thank you for come . they shake hand . they start ... int . south STREET station - day into the station . the camera tracking before they . as Galvin pass a wastebasket , he deposit he boutonniere . galvin I have some errand to run , and then I think we would spend the evening ... dr . thompson ( nodd ) that 's what I would plan to ... galvin I be go to take you to the home to see the girl ... dr . thompson ( tapping he briefcase , refer to he file ) from what I have see , Mr. Galvin , you have a very good case ... galvin ( distract ; think ahead ) yes . yes . I think so . I hope you will be comfortable . I be put you up at my ... dr . thompson ... I make a reservation at ... galvin ... apartment . ( stop ) no , no . please . you do not know who we be deal with , I , please believe I , they ... dr . thompson ... what difference would ... galvin this people play very rough . they do not want to lose this case . there 's a lot of pressure they can bring to bear , I ... dr . thompson ( smile ) there 's nothing they can do to I . ext . south STREET station and STREET - day Galvin start they walk again . galvin please , sir. please . humor I . they have arrive outside at a bank of cab . galvin we will spend the evening together , I will put you up , you will be very comfortable . please . ( hand Dr. Thompson a envelope ) that 's my address . the key be in it . ( lean forward to cabbie ) 1225 commonwealth . ( to Dr. Thompson ) treat the place as you own . please do not tell anyone you be here , I will see you this evening . thank you , and thank you for come . he put Dr. Thompson 's bag into the cab . Dr. Thompson hesitates , get into the cab . as the cab pull out , camera follows Galvin to a bank of phone outside the station . angle Galvin at the phone . voice ( Claire , on phone ) Mr. Galvin 's ... galvin let I talk to mickey . mickey ( on phone ) yeah ? how 's we new witness ? galvin D ' you find the obstetric nurse ? mickey she 's workin ' the late shift at the Hospital . she 's at home now , I be go over there to talk to ... galvin gimme the address . I be gonna go . we be go to need she . ext . mary rooney' house - day name on bell . one of they be rooney , M. 2d . angle Galvin stand by the bell . ring it . beat . the door be buzze , he walk into the vestibule , past mailbox , up the stair . int . mary rooney' house - day door open , mary rooney , a tough -look woman in nurse white open the door . angle Galvin in hall , camera follows he to the door . galvin I be Joe Galvin , I be represent deborah Ann kaye , case against St. Catherine laboure . mary rooney I tell the guy I do not want to talk to ... galvin I will just take a minute . deborah Ann kaye . you know what I be talk about . the case be go to trial . we chief witness be a Dr. David gruber , you know who he be ? mary rooney no . galvin he 's the Assistant Chief of anesthesiology , Massachusetts commonwealth . he say you doctor , towler and marx , put my girl in the hospital for life . and we can prove that . what we do not know be why . what go on in there ? in the o.r . that 's what we would like to know . something go wrong . and you know what it be . they give she the wrong anesthetic . what happen ? the phone ring ... someone get distract ... what ? mary rooney ... you get you doctor 's testimony . why do you need I ? galvin I want someone who be in the o.r . we be go to win the case , there 's no question of that . it 's just a matter of how big ... mary rooney I have get nothing to say to you . galvin you know what happen . mary rooney nothing happen . galvin then why be not you testify for they side ? she start to close the door . he stop she . galvin I can subpoena you , you know . I can get you up there on the stand . mary rooney and ask I what ? galvin who put my client in the hospital for life . mary rooney I do not do it , mister . galvin who be you protect , then ? mary rooney who say that I be protect anyone ? galvin I do . who be it ? the doctor . what do you owe they ? mary rooney I do not owe they a goddamn thing . galvin then why do not you testify ? mary rooney ( beat ) you know , you be pushy , fella ... galvin you think I be pushy now , wait ' till I get you on the stand ... mary rooney well , maybe you better do that , then . ( start to close door ; stop ) you know you guy be all the same . you do not care who get hurt . you be a bunch of whore . you would do anything for a dollar . you get no loyalty ... no nothing ... you be a bunch of whore . she close the door on he . int . concannon' office - night a young lawyer on the phone , silent , nodd , take note . he hold up he hand to someone indicate " almost do . I will be right with you . " angle concannon , in overcoat , about to go out , surround by a entourage of secretary and assistant in overcoat , wait on he . angle concannon and the Young Attorney . the Young Attorney into phone , " thank you . " he hang up , start read from he note to concannon : young attorney his name be Dr. lionel Thompson . City College of New York , class of twenty - six . bachelor of Science ; New York College of Medicine ; sixteenth in a class of twenty - two . nineteen seventy - six get a courtesy appointment , staff of anesthesiology , easthampton Hospital for woman . never marry . have no honors or degree of any weight . since nineteen seventy - five he 's testify in twenty - eight court case , twelve malpractice . ( smile , save he best ' till last ) and he 's black . concannon ( beat ; stern ) I be go to tell you how you handle the fact that he 's black . you do not touch it . you do not mention it . you treat he like anybody else . neither better or worse . ( smile ) and you get a black lawyer to sit at we table . okay ...? young attorney yessir . concannon good . what else do you do ? young attorney ... get the record of he testimony in the twelve malpractice case . concannon nod , meaning " that be correct . " he turn , exite with he entourage . over he shoulder : concannon do it . we will be at locke - ober . int . galvine apartment sitting room - night Dr. Thompson in shirt sleeve , attentive , stand against a sideboard . mickey morrissey , seat , in a armchair . grilling he . dr . thompson they give she the wrong anesthetic . mickey why be that ? dr . thompson ( start on recite a list ) her sister say she eat one hour prior to admittance ... she ... mickey ... that 's what the sister say . the chart say she eat nine hour prior to ... dr . thompson ... she go in complain of stomach cramp . good doctor would have doubted the information on the chart . mickey be that what a good doctor would do ? how old be you , please ? dr . thompson I be seventy - four year old . mickey what qualify you as a expert in anesthetics ? dr . thompson I be on the staff of ... mickey easthampton Hospital for woman . Excuse I , what be that , a joke ? let I tell you something , Doctor , that man at Catherine laboure . Men who be know not only in this city , but the world , be try to save a woman 's life . they be there , and here you be , four year later , read some hospital report , and say ... dr . thompson ... I make a detailed physical examination of the patient , Sir , yesterday evening , I ... mickey drop he belligerent attitude . turn to someone behind he . angle the two man , Galvin stand behind mickey , smoking . he nod . mickey ( to Dr. Thompson , casually ) she get good care over there ? dr . thompson actually , yes . it 's by no mean bad , I ... mickey ( grill he again ) then what good would it do to ruin the reputation of two man , to help a girl whose life 's not go to be change in the least ? you know what code blue mean ? dr . thompson ' code Blue ' ... mickey it 's a common medical term . mickey half - turn to Galvin , shrug minutely , meaning , " we be in trouble . " int . laura' HOTEL room - night Hotel room door see from the inside . the handle start to turn . angle Galvin come through the door . he look at Laura , tiredly close the door behind he , hang up he coat in the closet , move into the room . as Galvin walk into the room , the camera precede he and turn so that we now see they both . galvin we be go to lose . a beat . Galvin look out the window and then look back to Laura . galvin do you think it 's my fault ? LAURA be not there something you ... galvin that 's not the question . it 's over . ( beat ) do you think that it 's my fault ? if I would ... if I would ... I never should have take it . there be no way that I be go to win . LAURA you be talk like a drunk . galvin that 's what I be . beat . LAURA and it 's over ...? galvin yes . LAURA well , then what be you do here ? galvin I ... do you want I to leave ? LAURA you do what you want . you want to leave ... you want to go kill yourself ? galvin I ... LAURA you want I to tell you it 's you fault ? it probably be . what be you go to do about it ? ( beat ) I think it 's not over till the jury come in . galvin who tell you that ? LAURA you tell I so . maybe you would get some sympathy . you come to the wrong place . galvin and what make you so tough ? LAURA maybe I will tell you later . galvin be there go to be a later ...? LAURA not if you do not grow up ... galvin if I do not ' grow up ... ' LAURA you be like a kid , you be come in here like it 's Saturday night , you want I to say that you have get a fever -- you do not have to go to school ... galvin ( shake head sadly ) you , you do not under ... LAURA oh , yes , I do , joe. believe I . you say you be go to lose . be it my fault ? listen ! the damned case do not start until tomorrow and already it 's over for you ! galvin it 's over ! LAURA what be you wife 's picture do by the side of you ... galvin what be that to you ...? LAURA what would you like it to be to I ...? I , I , I can not invest in failure . Galvin get up hurriedly . galvin Excuse I , I have ... he hurry out of the room . camera follows he into the bathroom , he shut the door , he chest heave convulsively . he can not catch he breath ... beat . we hear a knock on the door . LAURA ( v.o. ) Joe ... ( beat ) Joe ... galvin ( scream ) stop pressure I ... the door open , Galvin be still try to catch he breath . Laura enter . LAURA you be pressure yourself ... galvin ( shaking head , utterly deny she ) no ... no ... LAURA yes. ( beat ) we have all get to let go . int . " D. kaye " sign - courtroom corridor - day Galvin come down the corridor with Sally doneghy . they stop by a door on which the card read : " part III . deborah ann kaye V. ST . catherine laboure hospital ET al . " int . courtroom - day they enter the courtroom . camera follows they in . the room one - quarter fill . concannon at the defense table with the defendant , a Black lawyer , entourage . Galvin stop . galvin ( to Sally ) I be go to do the best I can for you and you sister . I know what it mean to you . believe I ... ( beat ) it mean that much to I . he turn away , walk toward the front of the courtroom , glance toward the jury box . angle - p.o.v. the jury , somber , control , dignify . angle Galvin continue to the defense table , mickey morrissey already seat , study note on a yellow legal pad . Galvin sit . mickey look up . mickey how be you hold up ? galvin I be swell . mickey and all we have get be a witch doctor ! galvin yeah . the bailiff enter , some spectator , know the routine , start get to they foot . mickey look at it this way : it 's refresh every time a Doctor take the stand he 's not a Jew . we hear the bailiff 's " all rise . " angle the courtroom get to its foot as judge william B. hoyle enter . the bailiff , as the judge sit : bailiff hear ye , hear ye , hear ye , all person have anything to do before the honorable , the justice of the Superior Court now sit at Boston within and for the County of Suffolk , draw near , give you attendance and you shall be hear . God save the commonwealth of Massachusetts . the courtroom be seat . judge motion to the clerk , who stand and read : clerk deborah Ann kaye versus St. Catherine laboure , Robert S. towler , M.D. and sheldon f. marx , M.D. angle - closeup galvin at plaintiff 's table , look down at note . judge be the plaintiff ready ? galvin ( look up ) ready , you honor . judge Defense ...? concannon ready for the Defense , you honor . angle the courtroom . p.o.v. judge . judge let 's begin . Galvin get to he foot . walk over to the jury . look at they , appraise . he pause as before a great effort . take a breath . exhales . galvin it 's a terrible thing to sit in judgment . so much ride on it . I know that you have think , ' how can I be pure . how can I be impartial without be cold . how can I be merciful and still be just ? ' and I know that most of you have say some sort of prayer this morning to be help . to judge correctly . we have the reputation of two man . two well respected doctor and a renowned hospital before we . and with that two respected man we have my client , deborah Ann kaye ... ( beat ) ... who be deprive of sight , of locomotion , hearing , speech , of everything , in short , which constitute she life . ( beat ) we be go to prove she be deprive through negligence . ( beat ) through the negligence of that respected man . we will show : one ... int . archbishop's house - corridor -day a lavishly appoint corridor . Alito and billy , the young lawyer from concannon 's office , walk slowly down the corridor . ALITO why do he go to see Mary rooney ? young lawyer she 's the only nurse who be not testify for the doctor . ALITO what do he find ? young lawyer nothing . ALITO how good 's you intelligence ? young lawyer very good . ALITO and so what be the rest of he case aside from Dr. Thompson ? young lawyer as far as we know , nothing . Alito nod , they stop outside a large double door . ALITO thank Mr. concannon for I . please tell he I will see he at he office . Alito knock on the door . the door be open by a young priest . Alito nod to the Young lawyer , enter the Bishop 's study . the door be close behind he . int . courtroom - day the jury box . one juror lean over and make a whisper comment to another . the second juror nod , incline he head toward the witness box . angle dr . Thompson on the stand . compose , wait . concannon consulting he note . concannon Dr. Thompson , just so the jury know , you never treat deborah Ann kaye . be that correct ? dr . thompson that be correct . I be engage to render a opinion . concannon engage to render a opinion . for a price . be that correct ? you be be pay to be here today ? dr . thompson just as you be , Sir ... concannon be you board -certify in anesthesiology , Doctor ? dr . thompson no , I be not . it 's quite common in New York State ... concannon ... I be sure it be , but this be Massachusetts , Doctor . certify in Internal Medicine ? dr . thompson no. concannon neurology ? dr . thompson no. concannon orthopedics ? dr . thompson I be just a M.D. concannon do you know Dr. Robert towler ...? dr . thompson I know of he . concannon how be that ? dr . thompson through , through he book . concannon what book be that ? dr . thompson meth ... methodology and technique ... concannon ...of anesthesiology ? dr . thompson ' methodology and techniques of anesthesiology . ' yes . concannon how old be you ? dr . thompson I be seventy - four year old . concannon uh-huh . still practice a lot of medicine ? dr . thompson I be on the staff of ... concannon yes , we have hear that . Doctor : you testify quite a bit against other physician ? be not that right ? you , you be available for that ? when you be pay to be there ? dr . thompson sir. yes . when a thing be wrong ... as in this case , I be available . I be seventy - four year old , I be not board -certify . dr . thompson I have be practice medicine for forty - six year and I know when a injustice have be do . concannon do you , indeed . I will bet you do . fine. Fine . we will save the court the time . we will admit the Doctor as a 'expert witness , ' fine . concannon sit . judge ( in undertone , to bailiff ) do we have time this morning to ... ( glance at watch , bailiff nod to he ) all right . Mr. Galvin , you want to continue now , or we can resume with Dr. Thompson this afternoon . galvin ( rise ) thank you , you honor , I will continue . Dr. Thompson . do you examine deborah Ann kaye last night at the Northern chronic Care facility ? dr . thompson I do . concannon objection . judge sustain . yes . the witness will confine he testimony to review of the hospital record . galvin what ? judge ( patronize ) I believe that 's the law ... be it not , Mr. Galvin ...? a beat . galvin Dr. Thompson . from you review of the hospital record of May twelfth nineteen seventy - six . galvin in you opinion , what happen to deborah Ann kaye ? dr . thompson cardiac arrest . during delivery she heart stop . when the heart stop the brain 's deprive of oxygen . you get brain damage . that be why she 's in the state she 's in today . galvin now , Dr. towler 's testify that they restore the heartbeat within three or four minute . in you opinion be he estimate correct ? dr . thompson it 's my opinion it take he much longer . nine ... ten minute . there 's too much brain damage . the judge lean over . judge ( to Dr. Thompson ) be you say that a failure to restore the heartbeat within nine minute in itself constitute bad medical practice ? dr . thompson well ... galvin you honor ! he have shout unconsciously ; the whole courtroom turn to look at he . judge yes , Mr. Galvin ? galvin if I may be permit to question my own witness in my own way ... judge I would just like to get to the point , Mr. Galvin . let 's not waste this people 's time . answer the question , Mr. Witness . please . would a nine minute lapse in restore the heartbeat in and of itself be negligence ? dr . thompson I ... in that small context I would have ... I would have to say ' no . ' judge then you be say there 's no negligence , base on my question ? dr . thompson I ... give the limit of you question , that 's correct . judge the doctor be not negligent . dr . thompson ( beat ) I ... um ... the judge shrug , meaning , " well then what in the hell be we do here ? " angle Galvin , furious . angle the judge and Witness . judge thank you . the Witness start to step down . Galvin stride over to he and speak to the judge . galvin I be not through with the witness , you honor . with all due respect if you be go to try my case for I I would appreciate it if you would not lose it . the judge stand , furious . judge thank you . I think that 's enough for this morning . I will see the plaintiff 's counsel in my chamber . now , please . the courtroom rise . the bailiff be hear , " all rise , court be adjourned until one o'clock . " int . judge sweeney' chamber - day Galvin , furious , stand against the wall . the judge come in from he own entrance , shuck he robe . equally angry . judge I get a letter from the judge advocate 's office on you today , fella , you be on you way out ... they should have kick you out on that lillibridge case . now this be it today . galvin I be a attorney on trial before the bar . representing my client . my client , do you understand ? you open you mouth and you be lose my case for I . judge listen to I , fella ... galvin no , no , you listen to I . all I want in this case be a even shake . you rush I into court in five day ... my star witness disappear , I can not get a continuance , and I do not give a damn . I be go up there and I be go to try it . let the jury decide . they tell I sweeney he 's a hard - ass , he 's a defendant 's judge . I do not care . I say , the hell with it . the hell with it . I will take my chance he will be fair . Galvin be pace . beat . judge ( conciliatory ) Galvin , look , many year ago ... galvin and do not give I this shit , ' I be a lawyer , too . ' ' Cause I know who you be . you could not hack it as a lawyer . you be bag man for the boy and you still be . I know who you be . judge ( beat ; barely control anger ) be you do ? galvin damn right I be do . I be go to ask for a mistrial and I be go to request that you disqualify yourself from sit on this case . I be go to take a transcript to the State and ask that they impeach you ass . judge you be not go to get a mistrial , boy . we be go back this afternoon , we be go to try this case to a end . now you get out of here before I call the bailiff and have you throw in jail . int . judge's chamber corridor -day Galvin walk down the corridor , have just come from the judge 's Chambers . Sally doneghy come up to he . sally what do it mean ? ( beat ) I ... I mean we , you have other tactic ... galvin we , yes . yes . they , they present they side , and I get the same chance . to cross-examine ... to ... to ... sally be we go to win ? ( beat , desperately need to trust ) we have , you know , other tactic , though ... galvin yes . she nod . beat . walk off . Galvin turn to the open door to the courtroom , through which the spectator be reenter for the afternoon session . mickey be stand by the door , he catch Galvin 's eye . they look at each other a moment . int . courtroom - day Dr. towler on the witness stand . concannon walk away from he . concannon no further question . angle Galvin at the plaintiff 's table , hastily scribbling note , he look up . get to he foot , walk over to Dr. towler in the witness box , the camera move with he . galvin Dr. towler ... towler yes . galvin you have a record of what happen in the operate room ... towler yes , that 's correct . galvin ... there be notation every thirty second ... towler yes . galvin ...of the procedure ... towler yes , the rove nurse ... galvin but that notation stop ... ( consult note ) ... four-and-one-half minute after deborah Ann kaye 's ... towler we , we be rather busy ... galvin four-and-one-half minute after she heart stop . ( beat ) and they resume seven minute ... towler as I have say we have some more ... galvin ... they start again three minute earlier ... towler we have rather more important thing on we mind than take note . ( beat ) we be try to restore she ... galvin what happen in that three ... towler ... we be try to restore she heartbeat . galvin what happen in that three minute ...? towler ( beat ; control himself ) we would go to ' code Blue , ' we be administer electro ... galvin why do it take that long to get she heartbeat ... concannon ( v.o. ) objection , we have ... galvin ...to get she heartbeat back ...? concannon ( v.o. ) we have touch on this , he own witness have say ... galvin ( override he ) ... almost nine minute ... cause brain damage . concannon you honor ...! you honor ... towler Brain damage could have be ... it do not necessarily take nine minute , it could have be cause in two ... galvin wait , wait , wait , you be say that she brain damage could have be cause by she be deprive of oxygen for two minute ...? towler yes . galvin ( contemptuous ) huh . and why be that ? towler because she be anemic . ( beat ) it 's right there on she chart . her brain be get less oxygen anyway ... Galvin be strike dumb . he have just make a terrible error . he look at mickey . angle - p.o.v. mickey look at Galvin . he shake he head sadly . int . courthouse corridor - dr . thompson - dusk the last of the spectator come out of the court . Galvin and Dr. Thompson be stand there . dr . thompson I do not do too well for you . galvin no , you do fine . dr . thompson I be afraid that 's not true . ( beat ) will you want I to stay on till Monday ? galvin no . no thank you , Doctor . you go home . dr . thompson you know ... sometimes people can surprise you . sometimes they have a great capacity to hear the truth . galvin yes ... I ... yes . they shake hand . Dr. Thompson walk off . stop . dr . thompson you sure you do not want I to stay on . galvin no. no . thank you . you go home . mickey walk out of the courtroom arrange papers in he briefcase . mickey I be go back to the office . he walk off leave Galvin stand there alone . Laura come out of the courtroom . tentatively , she look around . come up to he . ext . courthouse - STREET - dusk Laura and Galvin walk . LAURA be it over ? galvin no . LAURA what be you go to do ? galvin I do not have a goddamn idea . int . galvine office - night Galvin pace . mickey seat . morose . galvin okay . what do you do when you do not have a witness ? mickey ( recite a catechism ; dispiritedly ) you use they witness . galvin that 's right . mickey I think we try that . the case be over . Galvin continue pace . he will not hear what be just say . mickey and how the fuck ... you break the first law that they teach you in law school . you never ask a question you do not know the answer to . ( beat ) frankie , wake up . you get you own expert witness say there be no negligence . it 's over . period . there will be no other case ... Galvin turn on he , animal - like . galvin there be no other case . this be the case . ( beat ) now you decide ... ( beat ) be you in or out ...? int . concannon' office - night Soft , dim light . concannon sit on a couch . he hold a red-back file document . his listener be unseen . concannon I know how you feel . I know you do not believe I , but I do . I be go to tell you something I learn when I be you age . I have prepare a case . Mr. White ask I , ' how do you do .' ( beat ) I say , ' I have do my best . ' he say , ' they do not pay you to do you best . they pay you to win . ' ( beat ) that 's what pay for this office . ( beat ) and that 's what pay for the pro bono work that we do for the poor . and for the kind of law that you want to practice . and that 's what pay for you clothes and my whiskey , and the leisure that we have to sit back and discuss philosophy . ( beat ) as we be do tonight . ( beat ) we be pay to win the case . angle - concannon and LAURA Laura sit across from he , impassive . concannon you finish you marriage . you want to come back and practice law . you want to come back to the world . a beat . he hand the red-back document to she . angle - the document stamp concannon , barker , white . confidential . eye only . concannon ( v.o. ) welcome back . int . laura' HOTEL room / corridor - night a lonely middle - class hotel corridor . hold . hold . Laura , tired , enter the corridor from the side and proceed away from the camera . the camera follows she to she door . she stop , take out she key , tiredly open the door . int . laura' HOTEL room - night Laura open the door , look down , see something , bend down to pick it up . straighten up . angle - insert a hotel envelope , the Hotel lincoln - Boston , mass. on the letterhead . Laura 's hand open the message , take out a sheet of yellow legal paper . angle Laura close the door behind she , she do not turn on the light , walk over to a couch by the window , sit down , all the while read the paper by the outside light . she lower the paper to she lap . angle - insert the legal sheet . it read , handwritten : Laura . I be go to try . when this be over can we go away ? Joe . int . galvine office - night mickey on he foot , pace . Galvin at a blackboard on which be write , " Dr. towler . Dr. marx. admit form. anaesthesia . " etc . galvin why do not Mary rooney testify ? mickey shake he head . galvin be you with I ... be you awake ...? mickey yeah . I be awake . galvin rooney 's protect someone . who be she protect ? mickey the doctor . galvin she 's protect the doctor she would be up there on the stand ... mickey ( listlessly ) read I what she say . Galvin flip through he note . read . galvin ' you guy be a bunch of whore ... uh ... loyalty ... you do not care who get hurt ... you do not have any loyalty ... ' mickey ... one of the other nurse ? galvin who ? they be all testify . everybody who be in the o.r. 's go to take the stand . mickey all right . who be not in the o.r.? galvin what difference can that make ...? all right ... he start check the chart . sigh . " this be useless ... " galvin uh ... the admit nurse ... mickey what do she do ? galvin she do not do anything . she take the patient 's history and sign the chart . ' K.C. ' ( look in the note for what the initial signify ) ' Kathy costello ... ' mickey the ' History ' ...? galvin ( explain ) how old be you , how many child ... when do you last eat ... int . ST . catherine laboure hospital corridor - night Mary rooney and another nurse walk down the corridor carry foil - cover dish of food , chat . angle Galvin watch they from behind a corner . angle the nurse come to the corner , Galvin walk past . " notice " rooney . stop . galvin miss rooney . oh. listen. ( beat ) I understand what you be do . and I want you to know it 's all right . he nod , start off in the direction he be go in . rooney what be you talk about ? Galvin turn , confuse . go back to she . warmly , conciliatory . galvin about Kathy costello . ( beat ) I understand , and I do not blame you for shield she . a beat . Mary rooney motion the other nurse to go away . she step closer to Galvin . galvin I speak to she , and everything be all right . rooney I , what be you talk about ? I talk to she this morning , and she say ... galvin ( nod ) she tell I . rooney ( credulous ) she do ? galvin I just see she . rooney in New York ? galvin what ? rooney you see kat in New York ... ( beat ) ... or be she in town ? be she in town ...? beat . it occur to she that she 's be dupe , as Galvin start off hurriedly down the hall . int . galvine office build corridor - night Laura . see from the back , walk down the corridor . camera follows she . she stop outside Galvin 's door . she turn . we see she be carry a tray of coffee container . she open door . camera follows she into the office . mickey be on the phone in the vestibule , Galvin be on the phone in he office . he be just hang up . galvin thank you . I be sorry . Laura start distribute coffee . Galvin shout to mickey in the far room . galvin we do not have anything from the nurse Association ? mickey the broad have disappear ... galvin the Hospital ...? Laura go into Galvin 's office with coffee . camera follows she . mickey no record since she quit in ' 76 . she quit two week after the incident . Laura hand coffee to Galvin . galvin thank you . LAURA I have to talk to you . galvin ( to mickey ) call the a.m.a. ( to Laura ) ... I can not talk now . ( to mickey ) ... tell they you be Dr. somebody ... you have to find this nurse ... mickey ... yeah ... good ... galvin ... you need some old form that she have ... somebody 's die ... Galvin pick up the telephone . look down to telephone book in front of he , open on desk . angle - p.o.v. New York City telephone directory . two column of costello 's . thirty of they cross off . Galvin on the phone . galvin ( v.o. ) hello , Mrs. costello ... angle - galvin on the phone galvin sorry to bother you so late . Laura go over to the couch , sit . light a cigarette . galvin this be Mr. Goldberg in account . we have some money here for you ... this be the Mrs. costello that use to be a nurse ? ( beat ) I be sorry . I think we have we record mix up . angle Laura sit on the couch . tense . smoke . galvin be you related to Kathy costello , the r.n .?... I be sorry ... we hear mickey on he phone . mickey ( v.o. ) hello , this be Dr. dorchester in Boston . this be a emergency . a nurse leave my employ ... angle Laura on the couch . Galvin dial the phone . mickey half see in the next room . mickey ... four year ago ... galvin hello . this be Mr. dorchester in record . we be look for Kathy costello ... mickey ( voice over ; in the other room , shouting ) I need a cigarette ! ( resume on - the- phone tone ) she leave my office four year ago , we be look for a chart ... ( cover phone ; again shout ) I need a cigarette ... Laura look around the desk , pick up one then another pack , crush they , empty . she nod to herself , pick up she coat off the couch in the anteroom , and start down the hall . go through the door , she turn , look back . angle - p.o.v. Galvin in the inner office , on the phone . galvin thank you . I will hold . he look up . see Laura , give she a half -smile . int . greasy spoon - night near the cash register of a all - night diner in the business district , the desert street outside . Laura -- stand next to a wall phone , exhaust . she be hand a cardboard tray with three coffee on it and two pack of pall mall and some change by the proprietor . she take the change and turn she head to look at the telephone . int . galvine office - night mickey asleep on the couch , coffee container around he , a ashtray full of butt . beat . we hear a telephone be dial . angle Galvin , exhaust , smoking , on the telephone . galvin hello . this be Ross Williams . I be call from California . I be sorry . I know it 's late in the East , but this be a emergency . May I please speak to Kathy costello ? ( beat ) I be sorry . my record must be confuse . this be the family of Kathy costello ...? please excuse it . he hang up . reaches for a bottle of whiskey on he desk . pour a shot into a glass . downs it . his attention be catch by something across the room . angle - p.o.v. Laura asleep on the couch , cover in Galvin 's overcoat . angle Galvin look gratefully at she . he begin dial the phone . int . galvine office - vestibule - day a small bundle of mail be push through the vertical slot and fall to the floor . angle Interior office . early morning . Galvin asleep with he head on he desk . mickey asleep in a chair . Laura asleep on the couch , cover with Galvin 's overcoat . Galvin wake up , startle by the sound of the mail drop . he pick up the phone mechanically . he realize it be morning and he have be asleep . he replace phone . he survey the office . Dead , resign . he close the phone book . he reach in a pack of cigarettes on the desk . it be empty . he root in the ashtray for a long butt . this disgust he . he reject it . rub he eye . get up . go to the window , stare out . look back at the scene in he office . it be over . he stand by Laura and look down at she , he look at mickey . he have let they down . he go to a cabinet under the lawbook and take out a bottle of whiskey and a water glass . he walk into the anteroom . sigh , sit on the couch near the door . glance at the several letter that have just fall through the slot . he pour a half - tumbler full of whiskey , and drain it . he refill the tumbler . he absently pick up the mail and start mechanically sorting through it . he stop at a official - look piece . angle - p.o.v. the letter , return address massachusett bar association . urgent . he lethargically open the letter . on bar Association letterhead , it read : " you be direct to appear on January 15th to show cause why you should not be disbarre . you be permit to be represent by counsel of you choice , and ... " angle Galvin read the letter . he crumble it and throw it into the wastebasket . he look at the next letter and skim it into the wastebasket . he look at the next letter and stop . angle - p.o.v. it be a phone bill . ext . mary rooney' tenement - day Galvin hurry up the step of the tenement . camera follows he into the vestibule . it be Mary rooney 's tenement . int . mary rooney' tenement vestibule - day he stop by the mailbox , bend over to read the name . angle - p.o.v. the mailbox : swoboda ; murch ; M. rooney . angle Galvin straighten , look around the vestibule , take heavy letter opener from he jacket pocket and pries open the rooney mailbox . he extract letter and rifle through they . angle - p.o.v. Mary rooney 's phone bill . int . drugstore - day Galvin in a old - fashioned sit-down phonebooth in a drugstore . he be dial the phone , hold the phone bill . the operator answer , he start drop change into the slot . angle the phone bill open . it read , " rooney , Mary A. 263 Church Street , Arlington , mass . " various local charge . one call to Chicago . one call to Fort lauderdale . eight call to New York . the call to New York be circle in pen . female ( voice over ; on phone ) hello . angle Galvin on the phone . galvin hello , I be call from ... voice if you be sell something , I be late for work ... galvin I be call from professional nurse quarterly ... voice from the magazine ? galvin this be Mr. wallace in subscription ? voice how come you be call I from ...? galvin this be miss costello ...? voice yes. price ... galvin pardon ? voice Kathy price . galvin we find that you subscription lapse ... voice ( laugh ) my subscription lapse three year ago ... galvin that 's why I be call , miss price ... voice missus ... galvin we have a renew - your-subscription offer ... voice we get it at work . we get the magazine at work . galvin yes , we know that you do . I have it in my file . that 's at the Manhattan Health Center ... voice no. at chelsea childcare . okay . look , call I Monday , hey ? I be late for work . angle Galvin scribbles on pad as we hear Kathy hang up . " Kathy price . chelsea childcare . " int . eastern airline terminal - boston - day Galvin hurry across the lobby . stop by do it yourself shuttle ticket counter . take form , start to write on it . angle - p.o.v. the form " boston - new york shuttle . self service ticket . " Galvin fill in he name and address in pencil . int . galvine office - day Laura asleep on the couch . mickey asleep on the other couch . the phone be ringing . she wake up . look around . go groggily to phone , answer . LAURA ( on phone ) hello ? Mr. gal ... where be you ...? mickey wake up , look around . LAURA you be go to New York ? I ... you be kid ... because I be go to New York . ( beat ) I just get a call . I have to go sign papers . about my divorce . I ... good . Frank . we will meet there . all right ? mickey have wake up . swing he foot to the floor . pick up a pack of cigarettes . crushes it . it be empty . LAURA can we meet there , Joe ? mickey get to he foot . mickey ( to Laura ) you get a cigarette ...? she shrug , " I do not know ... " LAURA at the beacon . on fifty-third Street ... we can spend the night . mickey have go over to Laura 's purse . open it , rummage . come up with a pack of cigarettes . he see something in the purse . stop . angle - p.o.v. the open purse . the red-back legal form . the letterhead read , " concannon , barker , white , " stamp huge across it in black : " confidential . eye only !!! " mickey take out the form , turn page . it read , " report on Joseph Galvin , " list haunt , habit , and be heavily notate in various type of pen and pencil . LAURA ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) at around four ...? angle mickey replace the form and the cigarettes . he re-close the purse . he turn to she . she have see nothing . LAURA I feel the same way , Joe ... I will see you this afternoon ? she hang up . mickey you get any cigarettes ? ext . chelsea childcare - day two very young child walk across a play area . the door to the play area open and Joe Galvin , in overcoat , come in . he look around the room , start to walk across it . camera pan with he to reveal a woman , kathy , who be comforting a cry child . Galvin walk over to she . stands a respectful distance away . she see he watch she , look up . kathy hi. galvin hi . how be you do ? she nod , happy to be work with the child . galvin I have be meaning to come in a long time . kathy you live in the neighborhood ? galvin uh-huh . my nephew 's go to be stay with we in a few month , so I stop by . kathy how old be he ? galvin four . you be great with this kid . she beam , catch unprepare in something that be a great point of pride with she . kathy thank you . galvin you be really ... ( stop , remember something ) you , be you the one they tell I be the nurse ? kathy who tell you that ? galvin ( gesture back at the office , vaguely ) Mrs ... kathy Mrs. simmond . galvin yes . kathy ( very serious , correct ) I use to be a nurse . galvin that 's a wonderful profession . my daughter - in- law 's a nurse . what do you do , stop ? Kathy be lose in think . this be obviously a very painful subject for she . beat . kathy yes . Galvin , get involved in a serious conversation , take off he overcoat , he be go to stay awhile . galvin how come you stop ? she be traumatize by the question . the casual conversation have become immediate and painful . she open she mouth to speak , then stop , stare at Galvin . he do not know what she be stare at ... something on he jacket . he look down . angle - kathy' p.o.v. the shuttle ticket , boston - new york , stick in the lapel pocket of Galvin 's suitcoat . angle Kathy and Galvin . she realize why he be there . she start to cry quietly . galvin ( beat ; gently drop he pretense ) will you help I ? int . new york HOTEL restaurant - day the restaurant fairly desert after the lunch crowd . empty table -- crisp linen , Laura alone at a table , watch the door , a untouched cup of coffee in front of she . ext . new york HOTEL - day the doorman open the door of a cab . angle mickey morrissey stand in a alcove under the marquee , look out at the street . angle - p.o.v. the street . pedestrian . Joe Galvin come walk hurriedly , smile , down the street . angle mickey start down the step , intercept Galvin . Galvin look up , surprised . galvin what the hell be you do here ? mickey we get to talk . he be move Galvin off down the sidewalk , away from the Hotel . camera stays still , and they voice get fainter as they move away . galvin what be you do in New York ...? mickey come on , we will get a cup of coffee ... they continue walk . we can not hear they . Galvin be become agitate . he stop mickey , stand there , mickey very sad , Galvin incredulous , talk to he . mickey nod . Galvin start hurriedly back down the street toward the Hotel . int . new york HOTEL restaurant - day long shot of Laura seat at a table alone . angle Galvin at the entrance to the restaurant look at she . he walk over to she slowly . angle - closeup Laura , look up , see he , smile . her smile fade , she see that he know . angle Laura get up from the table . we see she back , and Galvin approach . we see she shoulder droop , beat . he draw closer . Galvin come up to she , he face a mask of pain and confusion . she sigh , start to speak . stops. beat . they look at each other -- he start to speak , cannot . he knock she to the floor , she upset the table . a large man at the next table start to restrain Galvin . LAURA ( as if in shock ) it 's all right ... it 's all right ... it 's all right ... it 's all right ... int . eastern shuttle plane - night Galvin and mickey seat next to he , fly home in silence . mickey smoking a cigarette . Galvin stone -face , beat . mickey I talk to johnnie White at the bar Association . ( beat ) the broad use to work for one of concannon 's partner in New York awhile ago . ( beat ; lamely ) she want to move to Boston . ( beat ) how badly do she hurt we , Joe ? galvin I do not know . a beat . mickey we get a mistrial , you know . Joe -- do you hear what I say ...? galvin I do not want a mistrial . int . mickey morrissey' house - day the doorway to he study . a basketball game dimly see in the half - light . mickey , o.s. : mickey he 's not here . ( pause ) yeah . I do not know when . ( pause ) all right . sound of he hang up a telephone . he enter the frame carry a bottle of booze , go through door into study . camera follows he into the room . the tv : announcer ( v.o. ) the knick be press hard ... ( etc . ) he sit on a sofa opposite the television . watch the game a beat . open the fresh bottle of whiskey and pour a large shot into the almost - empty glass in front of he . look to he leave . reaches behind he to some glass on a shelf , take one down , pour drink into the new glass , lean to he leave , camera move with he , and we see Galvin sit in a deep leather armchair , stare . mickey offer he the drink . Galvin become aware of he , shake he head " no . " beat . mickey move back into he seat , they both stare at the television . int . courtroom -- judge's p.o.v . - day half full of spectator . angle Galvin get up from plaintiff 's table , take up a large book as Dr. towler take the stand . he read : galvin Dr. towler ; page 406 , ' contraindication to general anesthetic . ideally a patient should refrain from take nourishment up to nine hour prior to induction of general anesthetic . ' do that sound familiar ? dr . towler yes . I write it . Galvin show the book . galvin ' practice and methodology in anaesthesia . ' General textbook on the subject . be that correct ? dr . towler i. yes . it be . galvin and you write that ... dr . towler yes . galvin ( read ) ... page 414 , ' if a patient have take nourishment within one hour prior to inducement , general anesthetic should be avoid at all cost because of the grave risk the patient will aspirate food particle into he mask . ' be that what happen to deborah Ann kaye ? she aspirate into she mask ? dr . towler she throw up in she mask , yes . but she have not eat one hour prior to admission . galvin if she have eat , say one hour prior to admission , the inducement of a general anesthetic ... the type you give she ... would have be negligent ...? dr . towler negligent . yes ... it would have be criminal . but that be not the case . galvin thank you . Galvin signal he be do . the judge signal Dr. towler to leave the stand , which he do . judge Mr. concannon ...? concannon nothing further , you honor . judge Mr. Galvin , rebuttal ? galvin ( to bailiff ) Katherine price . the bailiff call out she name . bailiff Katherine price ... angle Kathy at the back of the court , come down the aisle . as she pass the defendant 's table , towler grab marx and start whisper frantically . concannon look on , ignorant of what be happen . we hear Dr. towler 's " oh , my God ... " angle Galvin survey the courtroom , Kathy cross in front of he , take the stand , we hear the bailiff administer the formula as we watch Galvin turn and look at the juror . bailiff ( v.o. ) State you name please . kathy ( v.o. ) Katherine Lynn price . bailiff D ' you swear that the evidence you be about to give will be the truth , the ... angle the bailiff swear in Kathy . bailiff ... whole truth and nothing but the truth , so help you God ? kathy I do . bailiff be seat . Kathy sit , the bailiff retire , Galvin walk over to she . galvin Kathy price ... kathy yes ... galvin you be the admit nurse at St. Catherine laboure Hospital on May twelfth , nineteen seventy -six , the night deborah Ann kaye be admit ... kathy yes . Galvin hold up a form . galvin you sign this form ? she look closely at it . be satisfied . kathy yes . galvin this be you initial , ' k.c . '? kathy Kathy costello . that 's my maiden name . a beat . galvin D ' you ask the patient when do she last eat ? kathy yes . galvin what do she say ? kathy she say she have a full meal one hour before come to the hospital . galvin one hour . kathy yes . galvin and do you write the numeral ' one ' down on the record , stand for one hour ? kathy I do . galvin a single hour . kathy yes . Galvin walk away from the witness box . he look at the jury . he turn to look at the spectator . his thought be a million mile away . unconsciously he straighten he tie . angle Galvin in front of the dead-still courtroom . he break he reverie . galvin ( to concannon ) you witness . concannon be on he foot as Galvin walk back to he table . concannon walk over to Kathy and begin forcefully : concannon you be aware of the penalty for perjury ...? kathy it 's a crime . concannon yes. ( beat ) it be a crime . a serious crime . kathy I would not do it . concannon you would not ...? kathy no . concannon in fact , you have just take a oath that you would not commit perjury . you have just swear to that . be not that right ? kathy yes . concannon just now ... kathy yes . concannon ... swear before God you would tell the truth ? kathy ( beat ) yes . concannon now . I would like to ask you something : four year ago , when you be work as a nurse , be you aware that drs. towler and marx base they treatment of deborah Ann kaye on this chart that you sign ...? kathy I ... concannon and be not that a oath ...? this be you initial here : k.c . when you sign this chart you take a oath . no less important than that which you take today . ( beat ) be not that right ? ( beat ) be not that right ...? kathy I ... yes . concannon then , please , which be correct ? you have swear today the patient eat one hour ago . four year ago you swore she eat nine hour ago ? which be the lie . when be you lie ? kathy I ... concannon you know this doctor could have settle out of court . they want a trial . they want to clear they name . galvin objection ! concannon and you would come here , and on a slip of memory four year ago , you would ruin they life . kathy they lie . concannon ' they lie . ' indeed ! when do they lie ? and do you know what a lie be ? kathy I do . yes . concannon ( hold chart ) you swore on this form that the patient eat nine hour ago . kathy that 's not my handwrite . concannon you have just say you sign it . kathy yes , I , yes , I sign it , yes . but I , I do not write that figure . concannon you do not write that figure . and how be it that you remember that so clearly after four year ? kathy ( take a paper out of she purse ) because I keep a copy . I have it right here . she look toward Galvin . angle Galvin nod , meaning , " you do it perfectly . " angle concannon , the judge , Kathy . concannon objection ! this be rie ... expect we to accept a photocopy , we have the original right ... judge I will rule on that presently . ( beat ) proceed . concannon be take up short . amaze at the judge 's reaction , he pause a instant . judge please proceed . concannon motion to billy , the young lawyer , who nod in response and start whisper instruction to he colleague at the Defense table , who start leaf through they lawbook . concannon take up the fight again . concannon ... what in the world would induce you to make a photocopy of some obscure record and hold it four year ? this be a ... why ? why would you do that ? kathy I think I would need it . concannon and why , please tell we , would you think that ? kathy after , after the operation , when that poor girl , she go in a coma . Dr. towler call I in . he tell I he have five difficult delivery in a row and he be tired , and he never look at the admittance form . ( beat ) and he tell I to change the form . he tell I to change the one to a nine . ( beat ) or else , or else , he say ... ( beat ; start to cry ) he say he would fire I . he say I would never work again ... who be this man ...? who be this man ...? I want to be a nurse ... she be weep copiously . a beat . she start to get herself under control . concannon no further question . judge you may step down . beat . Kathy start to get down . she look to Galvin for assurance . Galvin nod at she . judge Mr. Galvin ...? angle Kathy get down from the stand . the judge address Galvin . galvin nothing further , you honor ... judge Mr. concannon ...? concannon be signall by billy , the young lawyer at the Defense table , who be gather note from he colleague , who have be research during Kathy 's speech . concannon walk over to the table and be quickly " talk through " the note by billy . judge Mr. concannon . concannon cut billy short , meaning , " yes , I understand , I be far ahead of you , " he take the note and return to the bench . concannon thank you , you honor . we object to the copy of the admission form as incompetent and essentially hearsay evidence and cite mcgee versus State of Indiana , U.S. 131 point 2 and 216 through 25 of the uniform code : ' the admission of a duplicate document in preference to a exist original must presuppose the possibility of alteration and so must be disallow . ' and , you honor , have give the plaintiff the leeway we would like you ruling on this issue now : we object to the admission of the xerox form . judge ... one moment , Mr. concannon ... the judge nod , meaning , " I be consider ... " angle the judge . he be make some notation on a page in front of he . he nod to himself , he have reach a decision . he look up . judge the document be disallow , the jury will be advise not to consider the testimony of Kathy costello regard the xerox form . ( explain to they ) it 's unsubstantiated and we can not accept a copy in preference to the original ... concannon thank you , you honor . further : Ms. costello be a rebuttal witness . as a ' surprise Witness ' she may only serve to rebut direct testimony . as she only evidentiary rebuttal be the admit form , which have be disallow I request that she entire testimony be disallow and the jury advise that they must totally disregard she appearance here . judge I be go to uphold that . angle Galvin get to he foot . galvin I object , you honor ... judge overrule ... galvin exception ! judge noted . thank you . ( to jury ) miss costello be a rebuttal witness . her sole rebuttal be the document , which have be disallow ... angle Galvin , silent , fume , sit at the table . judge ( v.o. ) her entire testimony must be stricken from the record . you should not have hear it , but you do . now , that be my mistake ... and you must strike it from you mind , give it no weight . Galvin take a sheet of legal paper and start write on it . int . bishop brophy's suite - day ALITO legally it 's over . concannon be brilliant . brophy tell I about kaitlin costello . ALITO there 's nothing to tell . it 's be stricken from the record . brophy I know . do you believe she ? int . courtroom - judge hoyle's p.o.v . - full courtroom - day all look slightly to they right . angle judge sweeney Mr. Galvin ...? angle - galvin in front of the full jury box . beat . galvin you know , so much of the time we be lose . we say , ' please , God , tell we what be right . tell we what 's true . there be no justice . the rich win , the poor be powerless ... ' we become tired of hearing people lie . after a time we become dead . a little dead . we start think of ourselves as victim . ( pause ) and we become victim . ( pause ) and we become weak ... and doubt ourselves , and doubt we institution ... and doubt we belief ... we say for example , ' the law be a sham ... there be no law ... I be a fool for have believe there be . ' ( beat ) but today you be the law . you be the law ... and not some book and not the lawyer , or the marble statue and the trapping of the court ... all that they be be symbol . ( beat ) of we desire to be just ... ( beat ) all that they be , in effect , be a prayer ... ( beat ) ...a fervent , and a frighten prayer . galvin in my religion we say , ' Act as if you have faith , and faith will be give to you . ' ( beat ) if ... if we would have faith in justice , we must only believe in ourselves . ( beat ) and act with justice . ( beat ) and I believe that there be justice in we heart . ( beat ) thank you . he stand still a moment , then survey the still courtroom . int . courthouse corridor - day Laura in the corridor , watch he . int . courtroom - day the juror filing in from the jury room . angle concannon , Young lawyer , Dr. towler , Dr. marx at Defense table . Young lawyer scribbles a note , pass it to concannon , who ignore it . angle plaintiff 's table . Galvin look at the jury , mickey at the other end of the table . judge have you reach a verdict ? foreman ( v.o. ) we have , you honor . angle the jury box . the juror seat , the foreman stand . foreman you honor , we have agree to hold for the plaintiff ... but on the size of the award , be we bound ... judge you be not bound by anything , other than you good judgment , base on the evidence . angle Galvin , totally defeat . nod he head sadly , as if commiserate philosophically , with himself . mickey look at he in grief , with sympathy . foreman ( v.o. ) be we permit to award a amount great than the amount the plaintiff ask for ? Galvin slowly raise he head , turn and look at the jury , mickey begin to smile . judge yes . you be . angle - mickey' p.o.v. the courtroom , commotion . judge please retire and ... int . final courthouse back corridor - day Galvin and mickey stand near a back staircase , clean equipment be lie all around . a large , batter garbage can . mickey be lighting Galvin 's cigarette . Galvin 's hand shake badly . something draw he attention at the end of the corridor . he turn he head . angle - p.o.v. Laura , stand at the end of the corridor . tentative , lose , plead silently , she hold a sheet of yellow legal paper in she hand . angle - insert - laura' p.o.v. the paper read : ' Laura . I be go to try . when this be over can we go away ? ' ' Joe ' ' thank you ' angle - galvin be p.o.v. Laura hold the paper . angle Galvin and mickey look at she . Galvin 's face impassive . beat . he turn he back on she . mickey do likewise . beat . mickey ( to Galvin ) the jury might be out for awhile . ( beat ; tentatively ) you want to run across the street and get a drink ? beat . Galvin put he arm around mickey 's shoulder . they push through the exit door , turn up they collar to the cold . Galvin hesitates a moment as mickey go through the door . beat . he look back longingly . angle - galvin be p.o.v. the desert corridor . angle Galvin stand frame in the doorway . he turn toward the door , he back to the camera , he shoulder slump . he stand for a moment , sigh , straighten up , and walk through the door . fade out : the end