ae and at cae aver wo sarre ee a y va et ey a ~ uo '' 1990 13 , 1990 . ' ( vise : ochober 4 , 1990 ( blce ) 's a venber 3 , 1990 ( pink ) 's 1 moveaber 14 , 1990 ( canary . : '' x z/ noveaber 21 , 1990 ( green ) £ decender 3 , 1990 ( golden > : + decesber 11 , .990 ( cherry revised : December 18 , 199c ( white revised : January 3 , 1990 ( dive revised : January 16 , 1991 ( pink ) a : revised : January 22 , 1991 ( canary ) revised : January 22 , 1991 ( green ) revised : January 25 , 1991 ( white ) revised : February 6 , 1991 ( blue ) x ( 100 omg al 33 34 35 omitted '' 4 through 33 fade up : ext . the white house - establishing - night 34 int . the white house - formal dine room - night 35 the table be set for guest , who mingle and chat . dignitary dress in formal evening wear . a august * gather . a white house social aide be station at * the door . as various dignitary pass by , they be announce . four Marine usher escort the guest to they table . social aide * the Police commissioner of the District of Columbia , Captain annabelle brunford . a very stern-look woman in conservative attire step down into the dining area , as & distinguished ~ look black couple appear at the door . social aide * ( continue ) Nelson and winnie mandela . they pass by . there be a pause . social aide * ( continue ) lady and gentienen . the President of the United States and Mrs. Bush . * " hail to the Chief " fill the room . camera dolly in . the guest stand as president BUSH with barbara at he side , and two secret serviceman be just about to enter the room . they be about to pass by a door mark " Men " when it swing open suddenly , hit Barbara right in the face . lieutenant frank drebin , oblivious , fall into step alongside the President , smile to the quest who stare at he in disbelief . ( continued ) 35 36 37 / 2 . continued : 35 in the b.g. , there be a mad scramble by the security people to get Mrs. Bush on she foot . Frank introduce himself to the other guest . finally , Mrs. Bush be on she foot and say she be fine . she and George enter the room . ° : resume scene 36 BUSH please be seat . Frank pull the chair out for a pretty lady . unfor - tunately it be the chair Barbara Bush be about to sit on . she fall backwards , grab onto the tablecloth and take a lot of the dish , candle , and flower with she . Frank go to she aid . but end up hit head with a secret service man . Barbara be be help up by commissioner brompord as she bend forward to get to she foot , Frank pick up two candle which be now unlit . the timing be just right ... that be ... just real bad for commissioner bruaford Frank poke she in the eye with the candle . Frank be real sorry . but manage to poke a woman in the rear end with the candle . a secret service man wrestle the candle from Frank 's hand . order be now quickly restore . servant have miraculously straighten the table out . everyone be seat . Frank be seat between Barbara Bush and commissioner brumford . resume BUSH 37 buse welcome . I be glad you could all come . I be pleased to see that we be grace with the presence of so many distinguished guest tonight . Frank have be watch a man closely . frank just a second , buddy ! he angrily grab a cigar out of a man 's mouth . he hold it up . prank ( continue ) do not you know this be a Cuban cigar ? ( more ) ( continued ) 37 continued : frank ( cont 'd ) with the money you spend on this , you just buy one bullet for ' castro ! BUSH Mr. drebin ... frank just a second , you eminence . I can handle this . I want you out of ny sight , you disgusting low life ! BUSH Mr. drebin , he 's the Cuban ambassador to the United Nations . frank ah , well . BUSH as you all know , this be Law enforcement week across the country , and so I would like to turn the proceedings over to we own Washington , D.C. Police commissioner , Captain annabelle brunford . she rise to acknowledge a nice applause . brumford thank you , Mr. President . I 'a like now to introduce a most distinguished american . this week , he 's be honore for he one thousandth drug dealer kill . lady and gentleman , please welcome Lieutenant Frank drebin of Police squad . Nice applause . _ Frank rise to acknowledge applause . frank ( humbly ) I should point out -- the last two I back over with my car . luckily , they turn out to be drug dealer . the guest be not quite sure just what to make of this . Frank sit down , pleased with himself . ( continued ) 37 * ee eee eo ee a ee ed continued : ( 2 ) : 37 brumford * Lieutenant drebin and the Police squad will be in Washington , D.C. ' this week on a special mission to assist we local police in new method of law enforcement . a smatter of applause for this announcement . Frank * spot the name tag of winnie mandela , who be seat across from he . he lean over to whisper to she . frank I catch you show at the Apollo in t6g . you be incredible . she look at he , blankly . commissioner brumford , overhear this , glare at Frank , appal . she slowly sink back into she chair . winnie I believe you have not confuse with the american R and B group , martha and the vandella . frank ( surprised ) you do not do '' he 's so Fine " ? winnie that be the chiffon . BUSH thank you , comissioner brumford . an@ now , I would like to call on ny Chief of staff , Mr. John sununu , to introduce some special guest . tee ee angle - sununu he rise to address the gather . * sununu Mr. President , tonight I be extremely proud to welcome we guest from the nation 's energy supplier . first , represent the oil industry , Mr. terrence baggett , head of the Society of Petroleum Industry leader . eee ee ee he rise to a smatter of applause . ( continued ) 37 continued : ( 3 ) he sit back down . in front of he be a place card with the letter : s.p.i.l. sunuru ( continue ) from the coal industry , Mr. Donald fenzwick , Chairman of the Society for more coal Energy - -- he stand up to applause , sit down . his place card read : &.m.0.k.e . sununu . ( continue ) we . and from the nuclear industry , President of the Key Atomic benefit office of mankind , my. Arthur dunnwell . his placard read : k.a.b.0.0.m! more applause . the food be serve . lobster for everyone . Frank be give a enormous lobster ... a ten-pounder ... he 's fitte with a bib . Frank do not quite know where to start on this humongous morsel . ' Frank 's have a tough time with the lobster . sununu ( continue ) as you know , for the past three year this adninistration have be try to formulate a National Energy policy , one that will have 'a last impact on the way we will live for the next decade and beyond . Frank tackle the lobster with the nutcracker . the cracking noise drown out sununu . this guy drebin be start to annoy hin . sununu ( continue ) to make sure that we choose the right path , the President have appoint as he top advisor in this area , Dr. Albert 5 . meinheiner . ( continued ) on eee 37 38 39 continued : ( 4 ) : : 37 angle - dr . meinheimer a distinguished , gray scientist in he sixty , seat in a wheelchair , wave to acknowledge applause . another angle Frank be wrestle with pull the meat out of the claw . unwittingly , he have maneuver the second claw into position just below commissioner brunford 's right breast . when Frank move one claw , the other one snap open and close , with exbarrass result . she try to avoid the aggressive claw to no avail . * sununu as I be sure you be all aware , he reputation in this field be without peer , and Dr. meinheimer will present he recommendation at the annual National Press Club dinner on Tuesday evening . Mr. President ? sununu sit back down . frank 38 dip piece of lobster into butter ... a lot of putter ... at one point the lobster fall into the putter dish , splattering the guest . he have to retrieve it ... he hand be become soak in butter . Bush try to speak . BUSH I would like all of you here to be the first to know that I intend to base my entire administration 's energy policy on Dr. meinheimer 's recommendation . surprise applause from the guest . sununu be quite surprised by this last statement . baggett , fenzwick and dunnwell look at each other uneasily . sununu glance at they and shrug . 2eee frank 39 try to pick up a lemon . it squirt out of he buttery hand . 41 42 continued : 4i* meinheinmer as you will ] notice here , we research cover every possible energy source ... in the background , Mrs. Bush come at Frank with a knife . several secret service man struggle to force the knife out of she hand . meinheimer ( continue ) thousands of man-hour be spend pour over million of bit of information . which , if laid end - to-end ... dissolve to : big music - " the naked gun theme " 421a " bond " - like credit . MAIN title read : ' {he naked gun iik '' the smell of fear " from the novel " a , Boat ride for billy " by Mary Margaret penniman the credit involve underwater * bondian " image . lot of obese , naked woman . back by the theme , sung brassy and macho , englebert humperdinck style , repeat the insipid chorus " it 's the nake gun ... iai " : fade up : ext . meinheimer ENERGY research institute - night 42 a impressive complex . a light rain be fall . across the street a red van be park at the curb , its engine idling . 43 a4 46 47 48 int . office - night " 43 jane spencer stare out the window toward the van . jane's Pov - van : . a4 a swarthy man climb into the van and drive away . resume jane : 45 but tonight , Jane 's thought be & thousand mile away . her apparent sadness ironically only seem to enhance she haunt beauty . her glance drift downward to she hand . she 's clutching a tatter photograph . insert - photograph 46 it 's the picture of prank drebin lie on top of the Queen , cut out from the newspaper . resume jane 47 a tear crease she eye . she wipe it away gently with a tissue , then wring it out into a mop bucket . it 's almost full . the door behind she open to reveal ... dr . meinheimer 48 kindly , fatherly , enter ina wheelchair . Jane quickly dry she tear . jane oh ! Dr. meinheimer . you be back early . meinheimer and you be here late . now , surely a lovely young woman like you could find a better way to spend a Saturday night ... she break down . start to cry . meinheimer take she hand . meinheimer ocontinue ) I '' sorry , my dear . I do not mean to be so blunt . ( continued ) 48 continued : _ jane ( sniffle ) ro , no , it 's ali right . meinseimer ( comforting ) you be think about he again , be not you ? what be he name ? Frank ? jane ( cry again ) yes . meinheimer you just can not forget he , can you ? jane who ? mneinheimer eo prank . jane oh yes . no , I can not . I try. but ... when you have have that much man ... ( sigh ) es. but then , you would not understand . meinheimer give a look , '' maybe he have . '' meinheimer Jane , Jane . do not be so hard on yourself . you have do a wonderful job here at the Institute . you be the finest public relation director we have ever have ... jane thank you , Doctor , I be try my best ... meinheimer but I see you here night after night past ten . you have get to forget about the past , go out , see new people ! enjoy yourself . jane well , I have be see someone ... 49 51 $ 2 10 . angle ~ door . - 7 a9 night janitor enter to collect wastebaskets . . . janitor ' even , miss Spencer , Dr. meinheimer . jane /meinheimer hello , norn . Jane suddenly turn back to meinheiner . . jane , oh ! I completely forget ! how be the White House dinner ? angle - janitor 50 he 's empty wastebaskets into a big hamper . something heavy flop out of & basket mark " White Paper only . " meinbeimer extraordinary ! the President promise to implement whatever recommendation I make . jane that 's wonderful ! angle - janitor 's 1 he clear the shred paper away , revealing a ticking clock mount on ten stick of dynamite . intrigue , he pick it up and exit the room . meinheimer unfortunately there be another guest there that cause such a ruckus that I be afraid no one ~ hear the President . int . lobby - security desk 52 a few janitor and security guard be hang out , have coffee . norm approach with he " find . " he plunk it down on the countertop . ( continued ) eee eee 52 53 54 55 11 . continued : _* 52 norm ( janitor ) ( serious ) I find this in the wastebasket ! everyone gather around to peer at it . security guard # 1 hey , that 's a pretty nice clock . the clock 53 it continue to tick loudly . fhe hand show five minute to twelve . resume scene 54 security guard # 1 wonder why they throw it out ? Guard # 2 glance at the wall clock show twelve midnight . security guard # 2 probably ' cause it 's five minute too slow . here , lemme fix it . he take the bomb from norm and begin to correct the time . ext . meinheimer research institute - night 55 a nice little pause , then : kaboom ! firework . 56 through 62 . 62a 62b 63 64 omitted int . police car Frank be drive through 12.° my name be Lieutenant Frank drebin , detective Lieutenant , Police squad . of get my car wash ... ext . prank' car cover with foam bubbles , rag , spray bottle . length of yellow vacuum car wash attendant cling to the rear deck , still wipoing the back window . 'e . when I hear the call over the police scanner bombing in georgetown and I be on my way to advise the D.C. police as a part of the President 's code name '' operation scum round -up . '' ext . meinheimer research establishing shot . 56 thru. 62 62a city street . frank ( v.0 . ) I be in the middle 62b hose trail out the door . a frank ( v.0 . ) . there have be a institute - day 63 64 int . lobby - day Frank enter , walk pa of body on the floor , past outline of scatter cover body lie in va room . photographer be picture they take be of pose . other police se : man nordberg see someth out a evidence bag and pair of tweezers . a or st a few typical chalk outline include a egyptian , then ed limb , arm , leg , etc . rious position about the take photo . one of the several officer in a group , arch for clue . plainclothes - ing on the carpet . he take ick up the lint fiber with a ental policeman next to hima use chopstick to do the same . prank approach . bloodstain , nordberg ? ( continued ) 64 65 66 67 continued : 13 . nordberg no , the wife and I be redecorate . I think this might look real nice ' with beige wallpaper . captain ed hocken be assist D.C. Police at the busy scene . he see Frank . ed Frank . I be glad you be here . frank . I get here as quick as I could . by the way , I understand edna 's pregnant again . ed yes , and if I catch the guy who aida it ... nordberg enter , interrupt Ed , leave Frank to ponder that last one . nordberg Captain , they have finish search the building . there 's no sign of a break - in , and no money miss . -- Frank casually look up . omitted franks Pov - ceiling there 's more chalk mark of body on the ceiling -- and some more on the wall . resume scene nordberg .e. but it sure be one hell of a explosion . look like they be try to get machine . into the pepsi Ed be look on as another body be cover up in front of he and wheeled away . taller than ed. Frank seem to be a bit ( continued ) 64 66 67 67 68 : '' 14 . continued : frank where be the other victim ? - ed you be stand on one right now , Frank . omitted angle Frank be stand on a dead Security Guard 's chest . frank oh . I see . Frank peer under a blanket on a sofa behind Ed . he wince at the sight . frank ( continue ) ooh . this one 's really a mess . Ed turn around to see what Frank be talk about . his eye widen . ed ( call out ) hey ! over here ! Frank find another one ! detective and photographer converge on the body . frank any witness , Ed ? ed ( hesitantly ) well , there be one . a , ah , woman . she see a man leave just before the explosion . but I think we should let nordberg handle this one . frank no , I better do it while it 's still fresh . ed not now , Frank . ( continued ) . 67 68 69 70 71 15.0 continued : _ 69 prank walk toward foreground . Ed take one more stab at it . a ed she faint dead away . take a nasty knock on the head . she look pretty bad , Frank . Ed indicate opf camera . prank I can handle it . he walk over to quasimodo , who be seat . coe frank ( continue ) ma'am , I just want to ask you a few question about ... angle not that bad , Frank . that 's she over there with we sketch artist . Frank look up to where Ed have point . franks Pov 70 it 's Jane , look ravish in a seductive outfit . - she 's talk to the police sketch artist , who 's busy sketching . Frank be stunne . frank ( v.0 . ) I could not believe it be she . it be like a dream , but there she be , just like I remember she . Jane be now show in slow motion . her hair be blow - 71 ing gently in the wind . frank ( v.0 . ) that delicately beautiful face , ané a body that could melt a cheese sandwich from across the room . and breast that seem to say ... '' hey , look at this ! " she be the kind of woman that make you want to drop to you knee and thank God you be a man . yes ... she remind I of my mother , all right . no doubt about it . 72 16 . resume prank / 92 he stare at she , transfix . ed prank , snap out of it ! you be look at she like she be you mother , for chrissake . Jane spot Frank . Frank be quite uncomfortable . the hurt be all come back . Jane be gore adjust to the breakup . but prank , though play it cool , still hold bitterness . jane prank . frank Jane ... I do not know you live here . jane I move here two year ago . , frank how be the child ? jane we do not have any child . frank yes , of course . jane bow be you prostate operation ? frank : pine . I be good as new . in fact , I be better than ever . she realize Frank be torture . jane look , prank . I know this be awkward , but I hope you be not still obsessed with we relationship . frank obsess ? who 's obsessed ? just because you back out of the wedding two year ago ? I have forget all about it . it 's ancient history , like the Democratic Party ... ( continued ) 17 . 72 continued : _ 72 =d prank , get a hold of yourself . frank ( about Ed ) this man be in tear . at the church , cry like a baby ... ed Frank ... prank I have to return thirteen cuisinart ... ed that 's enough , Frank ... really . meinheimer enter in wheelchair . Jane see he . jane oh! Dr. meinheimer ! Frank . this . be Dr. Albert meinheimer . Frank go to shake he hand . frank ( politely ) do not get up . Nice to meet you . meinbeimer likewise . but I believe we have meet before . prank look puzzle . meinheimer ( continue ) os '' at the White House dinner . jane he never forget a face . he have a photographic memory . meinheimer look around at the destruction . meineheimer it 's a terrible thing that have happen here , Lieutenant . I do hope you will find the people responsible . ( continued ) 72 73 74 continued : 18 . ( 2 ) + 72 frank I be sorry I can not be more optimistic , Doctor , put we have get a ' jong road ahead of we . it 's like have sex . it 's a painstake ana arduous task that seem to go on and on forever , and just when you think thing be go you way , nothing happen . ed right , Frank . now , Jane , about this man you see last night . anything can help . jane I give you sketch artist the description . Frank take the pad away from the sketch artist . he show it to Ed . insert - sketch 73 it 's of Jane , stand by the window , with greatly exaggerated breast . fhe dress she 's wear be tear * in teasingly revealing spot . * resume scene 74 Ed leaf through mctigue 's other sketches , which include Jane in a very revealing brazilian thong pikini , Jane in giadiator clothing lock in combat with another woman , and finally , Jane with a tail and serpent 's mctigue . frank . . uh , that will be all , mctigue . Ed , why do not we have that other artist ... you know , the one that never date ... and life with that two guy . ed right. Patterson ! a tongue wield a whip at a truss - up ( continued ) 74 75 19 . continued : frank Jane , I think I would like to have a look around at the Institute now ... that be , if it 's all right with Dr. meinheiner . meinheimer why , of course . we should start with the research area . Jane and meinheimer exit through some double door . Ed take Frank aside . ed uh , Frank , I think maybe it 's time to transfer mctigue to the motor pool . Frank and Ed exit , follow Jane and meinheimer . int . research area - day they come through door onto a catwalk . a sign say : '' hard - hat Area . " . frank now , Jane , what can you tell we about the man you see last night ? Jane hand hard -hat to everyone , and they resume walk . jane he 's caucasian . ed caucasian ? jane yeah , you know , a white guy - a moustache , about five - foot-ten . frank that 's a awfully big moustache . they come to a portion of the catwalk overlook a busy laboratory area . lot of machinery , man in lab coat and elaborately protective clothing handle dangerous substance with tong . ( continued ) 74 75 ett eee the * 75 76 77 19 . ( a ) continued : 75 frank what 's all this ? jane this be we research laboratory . there be hundred of delicate experiment go on , all temperature control by the machinery just below we . Frank look over the rail . his hard - hat fall off and into the delicate gear . lot of SPARKS . jane ( continue ) many of we scientist have spend year on they experiment and be just now get close to major breakthroughs . they start to leave . meinheimer today they be get ready to * join two genetically alter compound that have never before be combine . they exit through double door back to the lab area . frank 76 not sure what to do , a fly loose gear whizze by he , imbed itself in the wall . he discreetly exit . int . lobby 77 as meinheimer * thank heaven the bomb do not * damage we research area . * Frank enter and approach Jane and meinheimer . * frank Jane , I think you ought to know about something ... * suddenly , they be interrupt by a voice . ( continued ) 77 20 . continued : hapsburg ( 0.s. ) Jane , darling . jane quentin ! quentin hapsburg enter , handsome , dash , rich , fingernails glisten , a huge monogramm handkerchief hang out of he jacket pocket -- a g.q. ad if there ever be one . hapsburg Jane , darling , be you all right ? I be so worried about you . he kiss she hand . she 's buy this . jane I be really okay . but I be glad you be here . Frank be fume . who be this dork ? jane ( continue ) oh , I be sorry . Frank , this be quentin hapsburg of hexagon oil company . hapsburg please to meet you , mr.... frank drebin , Frank drebin . I believe I have use some of you restroom . hapsburg be not sure how to take this . hapsburg I be ... sure you have . frank be you connect in some way with the Institute ? hapsburg not officially , but as a matter of fact , Jane and I have be see quite a lot of each other lately . he put he arm around she , give a little tug at she waist . ( continued ) 77 77 continued : 21 . 77 hapsburg how be my little hellcat ? Frank be shocked but recover . frank well , that 's ... great . I have be dating , too . Nice gi : rl . a author . she write the book on male sexual dysfunction . you have it . probably read hapsburg , insulted , scowl at Frank and take a step es . forward . Jane quickly interce hapsburg I beg you pardon ?! jane Frank , please ! frank ( to Jane ) it 's all right . we can handle this situation maturely . just like the responsible be . ( to quentin ) be not that right , Mr. adult we poopy pant ? hapsburg that do it ! jane Frank ! quentin , maybe you should excuse we . hapsburg anything you wish , my darling . until tonight then ? he kiss she hand and exit . a honking alarm and a flash double door behind they . the several panic-stricken technici they're interrupt by red light over the door burst open and ans run past . meinheimer Dennis , what 's wrong ? dennis some asshole drop into one of the gener he hard - hat ator . Dennis run off , panic-stricken . Frank be anxious to get go . ( continued ) 7 a78 78 22 . continued : 77 frank well ... I think we have get enough information for one day . and I see you be very busy . you ... seem to have some sort of problem in you * research area . * behind they , a scientist try to shut the door on some horrendous ooze . jane * where 's you hat , Frank ? * frank I ... hang it up on a hook back there ... a man rush past they , he head on fire . frank ( continue ) well . let 's keep in touch . Dr. meinheimer . * jane Frank ... he look into she eye for a moment . frank I will not be bother you anymore . I ... hope you be happy . Frank exit . Jane look after he wistfully . a * technician rush past , green ooze attack he face . technician my God ! it 's mutate ! he 's go . ext . the mall - night a78 & we pan from the brightly light lincoln Memorial to establish " the Blue note bar . " outside be a government sign with arrow point in opposite direction for the lincoln Memorial and " the Blue note bar . " int . bar - " the blue note " 78 dimly light , a torch singer wail away to piano accompaniment . ( continued ) 78 22 . @ continued : 78 nine shot glass sit empty on the piano . the Singer sing into the mike : '' watch scotty grow . " camera pan past lonely people at booth stare down into they drink . on the wall be picture of ( 1 ) the San Francisco earthquake , ( 2 ) the hindenberg disaster , ( 3 ) the Titanic go stern - down into the water , and ( 4 ) a smile Michael dukakis . ( continued ) 78 79 a 23 . continued : _ 78 camera finally come to rest on Frank , slump over , stare down at he drink . henri , the waiter , approach . . henri Sir ? prank gimme the strongest thing you get . henri beckon over a big muscleman . frank ( continue ) on second think , how about a Black Russian ? henri very well , sir . henri start to exit , but stop , look into camera and shake he head " no , " then exit . angle 79 Ed enter . he look for and find Frank . ed prank , I think I would find you here . frank sit down , ed. pull up a memory or two . ed you leave before I could talk to you ... frank be it just my imagination , Ed , or be the whole world crazy ? a bartender - type , wear apron , bring a tall , fruity rink . ed it 's only a small percentage of the population , prank . fhe bartender head back to he bar . we see from behind he be totally bare - ass . ( continued ) 79 continued Frank 's @ 24.0 frank I guess you be right , Ed . it 's | just that I do not know if I fit in anymore . ed you be still think about Jane , be not you ? rink be fill with celery stick , umbrella , swizzle stick , orange slice , lemon , cherries , etc . two shrimp perch on opposite side of the gla prank can this be derful . prison se nt eigure out how to drink from this thing . frank she 's a part of my life , ed. always will be . I think about she constantly . when I be make love to a woman , I see she face . I know it be not fair to the woman I be with , so I just think about orel hershiser . needless to say , it do not work . but my curve ball be a lot better . but ... it 's do . ' the minute I hear she say , " get out of my life forever , " I know it be over . ed I always think you two be so good together . of course , I think you and rosalind be great , too . then Marsha , lillie , Diane , then of course , ting Li and chou Li ... frank the siamese twin , right ... moonlit night and we use to walk hand in hand in hand in hand ... ah ... sometimes , I think about you and edna . that 's where I envy you , Ed . you have someone . and you have have that same person every day for over thirty year . you wake up with she ... thing Ed do not necessarily find that win - he mouth , '' thirty year , " like it 's be a ntence . prank ( continue ) e+ , you eat with she . ( more ) {continued ) eee eee et 75 80 81 25 . - continued : ( 2 ) : 79 frank ( cont 'd ) you sleep with she . you make love to that same woman . you spend every possible waking moment ' together ... while I be out with some twenty - year old ... Ed could scream out with jealousy . prank ( continue ) 'e who just want a good time and cheap sex , sex , sex . Girls who can not get enough . Girls who can not gay no . more , more , more , now it 's you turn with the handcuffs ... ( that slip out ; he hurriedly go on ) I want to love , ed. Love . Ed 's all but work up into a lather . lot of foam . . ed I be sure ... you will find love , prank . henri bring over a drink . prank I have already get one , thanks . henri it 's from the lady . angle 80 Jane be seat at a table . the candlelight casting a warm , romantic glow on she face . resume frank 81 ed go to she , Frank . goon . I will see you in the morning . prank take he drink over to she table . Ed , happy to see they together , exit the bar . Frank walk over to she . on the way he get turn around by several people who be leave . Frank sit at she table ... he look into he drink and speak from the heart . ( continued ) 81 continued : : 81 prank this be not easy to say . I be lonely . I be lose . I need someone . I need someone to hold , * to love ... jane ( 0.s. ) Frank , over here . we reveal Frank be at a wrong table . he have be speak at a very confuse and upset longshoreman type . prank well ... be sit at Jane 's table . 82 angle prank ( continue ) what be you do here ? jane I call you hotel , get no answer . then I try the station house . I think maybe you would be be . 82 the pianist start play next to then . he play . prank ' even , Sam . SAM Mr. drebin ... Jane ! always nice to see nice people . jane Sam , play we song , just one more time . SAM of course . SAM ( continue ; sing ) ding do , the witch be dead which old witch ? the wick witch ... ( continued ) 27 . - 82 ' continued : 82 prank that 's enough , Sam . play ... play the other one , please . * {to Jane ) ' you just can not let old hurt die , can you ? you walk out of my life . no explanation . jane do not you get the letter I send you ? frank every one . I never open any of they . I just tore they up . and throw they into the fire . jane then you do not get the check for $ 75,000 you uncle leave you in he will ? . frank why be you here ? jane I remember something about the crime . as I be look out the window , I could see a red van park across the street . frank a red van . thank you . it could prove helpful . you have say you . piece . time to go , right ? jane that 's not my only reason for be here . Frank , I want we to be friend . frank sure , friend . I bet if I dust you for print right now , they would be you lover boy quentin hapsburg 's . she start to slap he . he deftly intercept it with he leave hand , hold she wrist in midair . prank ( continue ) well , I see a certain kitten still know how to scratch . ( continued ) 28 . 82 continued : ( 2 ) _- 82 she swing with she other hand . he grab that one . whack ! a third hand get he . he 's puzzle . 's jane I be sorry . I should not have do that . Frank , we be no good together . all you live for be you police work . frank yeah . and you be always busy try to save the end zone layer . jane ozone . you never try to understand , Frank . frank how can you say that ? I sink every penny I have into buy that thousand acre of brazilian rain forest . then I have it slashed and burn just so we could build we dream house ! Jane 's expression say it all . jane oh , Frank ! how could you be so insensitive ? frank insensitive ? you think it be easy displace a entire tribe ? you should try it sometime . she stand up . jane I would better go . this be a mistake . I do not know why I come . I be hope you would be happy . that you would have someone . she start to walk away . Frank stand up , call after she . frank I be single . I love be single . I have not have this much sex since I be a Boy scout leader ... ( continued ) 82 83 84 85 86 29 . continued : ( 3 ) everyone in the bar stare at Frank . frank ( continue ) ... I mean ... at the time I be dating a lot . dissolve to : omitted ext . CITY street - franks lonely montage - night Frank walk down a lonely street , a matte shot of the Capitol in the b.g. the song " only the Lonely " play to underscore he sadness . as he walk , he pass by loving couple hold hand . one couple , then two , three , ten , then a horde of lover . Frank make he way through they and be almost crush as he do . he can not understand where everyone be come from . he walk past a statue of rodin 's " the kiss . " there seem to be a endless supply of lover . in the heat of passion , a woman rip she lover 's toupee off and throw it away . Frank pass by two army cot on the sidewalk with lover under the cover . a couple lie on the hood of a car and neck passionately . now the sidewalk be litter with couple . Frank have to carefully pick he way through it all . even a department store window bedroom display have a man and woman in the heat of mad passion . Frank walk forlornly through frame , past the statue of Liberty . ext . dock - waterfront ~ night a huge warehouse building . a sign say '' warehouse 39 . " int . warehouse office - night seat around a table be representative from s.m.o.k.e. , s.p.i.l. and k-a.b.0.0.m! the same group we see at the White House , but now with various aide present . the place be in a uproar . baggett I tell you the bombing would not work ! what do you suppose we be go to do now ?! ( continued ) 82 83 84 85 86 * a * 86 87 88 30 . continued : dunnwell we have no choice ! take a look at this ! dunnwell hand the paper to fenzwick . fenzwick ( read ) President to give meinheimer " blank check " at Press Club dinner . fenzwick hand the paper to baggett , who read it . fenzwick ( continue ) so the President 's gonna do whatever this guy say ! insert - newspaper a smaller headline read : '' elvis spot buying Home in aspen . " resume scene dunnwell that speech be in two day ! either we come up with something or we do not have a prayer . fenzwick do not you think I know that ? pandemonium -- all shout at once . hapsburg ( 0.s. ) gentlemen ! gentlemen ! the room quiet . everyone sit down . camera reveal hapsburg , stand at the head of the table . hapsburg ( continue ) gentlemen . I know you be all worried . and I agree , there 's plenty to be worried about . he step over to a large picture on the wall . acre and acre of row of parabolic mirror . ( continued ) * +e ee * 88 31 . continued : hapsburg ocontinue ) like this solar power plant . it 's already operational outside Los Angeles . and provide enough electricity to supply a city the size of Denver . they all gasp . hapsburg show they a piece of thin , plastic film . they pass it around , examine it . hapsburg ( continue ) photovoltaic cell . they convert sunlight directly into electricity . the p.v. cell drop from dunnwell 's hand . his jaw drop in horror . hapsburg hold up a lightbulb . hapsburg ( continue ) fluorescent . last ten time as long as a conventional lightbulb . use only a quarter of the power . he motion to a superwindow . hapsburg ( continue ) superwindow . they insulate as well as ten sheet of glass and can save twice as much fuel as we get from Alaska . a electric car ... he motion casually to a electric car park inexplicably near the table . hapsburg ( continue ) this one be partially power by build - in solar panel . and it 's ninety - five percent less pollute than a gasoline engine car . he stop , put both hand on the table and lean in to he colleague . hapsburg ( continue ) ++. but the truth be , gentleman -- I be not worried about any of this thing . and you know why ? ( continued ) 31 . ( a ) continued : ( 2 ) 88 the exec lean forward to better hear . hapsburg ( continue ) ... because the american people be never go to know about then . a beat . stun silence . baggett break it . baggett but ... what about meinheimer and he report ? hapsburg good question . why do not we just ask he ? confused look , then audible gasp from the exec , as hector savage wheel out a bound and gag Dr. meinheimer ! a goon put a Denver boot on the wheelchair . dunnwell but ... but what about Tuesday evening ... he speech ?! hapsburg Dr. meinheimer will deliver he speech ... we Dr. meinheimer . hapsburg gesture to off screen . confuse look , then audible gasp as a exact double for Dr. meinheimer wheel himself into the room . ( continued ) 88 89 90 32 . continued : ( 3 ) ( fake ) meinheimer ( in accent ) good evening , gentleman . it be my view that solar power will be viable fifty year in the future . so for now , we must rely on coal , oi1 and nuclear power . he smile , smugly . hapsburg very good , Doctor . why do not you stand up and take a bow ? meinheimer rise to he foot . more gasp ! hapsburg ( continue ) gentlemen , meet Earl hacker , former art consultant to jesse helm . everyone be shocked . ( fake ) meinheimer as I have make clear to Mr. hapsburg , my fee be five hundred thousand dollar . half to be pay now , the other half due after my " speech . " as he speak , he remove he glass , moustache , and he goatee . ( fake ) meinheimer ( continue ) and might I add ... I be worth every penny of it . but -- you gentleman do not have any choice , do you ? they be all trap ; they be stick with this guy . ( Fake ) meinheimer remove he short gray hair . as he pull it off , a long mane of black hair cascade down to he shoulder . big music sting . the plot have thicken . omitted 89 90 +t eee 91 through 97 a98 98 33 . omitted gi* through 97 ext . D.C. police station - day a98 Frank drive up , rear-end a four- door sedan , revealing a sign : " Police commissioner parking only . " the car , in turn , bump a cement truck . the cement chute dislodge , flopping into the car 's open sunroof . the cement start down the chute , fill up the unoccupy car . Frank , preoccupy , walk toward the station entrance . frank ( v.0 . ) I be hope we would get a break on the mysterious explosion at the Institute . int . D.C. police station - day 98 a tense moment . some drug-craze maniac have break from he handcuffs . which we see dangle from one wrist . he have a police revolver point at the room . Ed , nordberg , and the other have they hand in the air . druggie I be in charge now , be not I ? ( more ) ( continued ) 34 . continued : " 98 druggie ( cont 'd ) I be the one who be go to determine life and death . not one of you pig . no ... I !... Bobby herbeck ... Bobby herbeck ... you judge , jury , and ... . ( cock the gun ) «».executioner . say you prayer . at that moment Frank open the deor . it swing open and knock out the druggie . Police rush to subdue hin . Frank be oblivious to it all . =d Nice work , Frank . frank huh ? ed Ted be just about to show we the lab result from the Research Institute , Frank . frank so what have we get , Ted ? ted we be not able to get any clean fingerprint , Frank , but we aia find footprint outside the Research Institute . we make : plaster cast out of then . Ted show Frank and Ed the footprint . ted ( continue ) a size 9 % D . we be run a trace on it now . he produce another much bigger plaster footprint . ted ( continue ) but even more interesting , Frank ... we also find this single dinosaur footprint . a major find from the paleolithic period . Frank be impressed . ( continued ) continued : frank anything else , Ted ? ted yes . about twenty foot down from that spot we discover ancient timber which we believe may be part of noah 's ark ! frank that 's great , Ted , but ... ted I will be depart tomorrow for Boston , where I will be deliver a major address to the american archaeological Society . and I be pook on " geraldo " next week ! frank you be go on " geraldo " because of this ?! ted no . my wife be a transsexual Satan worshipper . 's prank ponder this . ted : ( continue ) but , meanwhile , we will be continue fingerprint analysis , fiber check , DNA breakdown , hair sample , then use the microscopic dirt particle on this footprint , it 's a matter of get a geological breakdown of the entire city . ed Ted , we may not have that kind of time . ted then maybe this will help . we find he wallet on the curb outside the Institute . he hand it to Frank . 35 . 100 36 . insert - social security card name : hector Savage . ( sound like '' barrage . " ) music sting . also a picture of Savage as a boxer ina typical box 's pose . resume scene frank hector Savage . from Detroit . hey , I remember this pug . a ex~boxer . Real name be joey Chicago . ed oh yeah . he fight under the name of kid minneapolis . ea take the wallet , start to look through it . nordberg I see kid minneapolis fight once ... in Cincinnati . frank no , you be think of kid New York . he fight out of Philly . ed good fighter . be kill in the ring in Houston by tex Colorado . you know ... the Arizona assassin . nordberg oh , yeah , from dakota . I can not remember if it be North or South . frank North . South dakota be he brother from West Virginia . you certainly know you box . frank . well , all I know be , never bet on the white guy . be there a address in there ? ed all I get here be a card , say , * monique decarlo , 210 bleckman Street . " ( continued ) 100 36 . ( a ) 100 continued : 100 Frank see the address . frank that 's the Red Light District , Ed . I wonder why Savage be hang around there ? =d sex , Frank ? ( continued ) 100 100 a 101 102 103 37 .- continued : : 100 ( leery of Ed 's intention ) ah , no ... not right now , Ed . / we have get work to do . music sting . ext , D.C. police station - day : 100 a a Auto Road serviceman jackhammers the harden concrete inside the sedan as a steaming mad Police commissioner brumford look on . in the b.g. , Frank , Ed , and nordberg climb into Frank 's car and peel out . int , franks police car - day . 101 Frank be drive . Ed and nordberg be passenger . frank ( v.0 . ) the address we be give for monique decarlo be in a part of the city know as Little Italy . in the b.g. , we see process shot of the roman coliseum . frank ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) we hope that this could be the lead that would bring we to hector Savage . ext . le sex shoppe ~- day 102 prank , bd and nordberg pull up in front of it . int . le sex shoppe ~ day 103 savage see Frank pull up front . savage that 's the cop ! you gotta get rid of an . monique : all right , 1°12 handle it . Quick ! hide in the basement ... she open a door . step lead down to the basement . he walk in . ( continued ) 103 104 105 106 . 38 . - continued : 103 | mortque ( continue ) we . you will be safe down there . she close the door on he , a bit too soon . we hear he yell as he do a header down the step , and into garbage . monique she wince . tiptoes away from the door , a '' he 's gonna be mad " look on she face . : ext . le sex shoppe - day 104 Frank , ea and nordberg exit the car . Frank spot a red van park in the alley . prank a red van . Jane say she see a red van outside the Institute the night of the explosion . ed good . let 's take he down . frank no . he 's not work alone . let 's put a bug on the car . see where he go . ed good thinkin ' , Frank . nordberg ? nordberg no problea . as Frank and Ed exit frame , nordberg take a bugging device and a mechanic 's dolly from the trunk of the car . -- omitted 205 int . le sex shoppe - day 106 Frank and Ed enter . monique stand behind the counter . she look at they expectantly , she plunging neckline display a monumental cleavage . ( continued ) 106 107 & 108 109 110 110 a 39 continued : frank he flip open he wallet , expose he badge . the 106 motion be so strong , the badge fly out of the wallet and imbed in a display case post . he extract the badge . frank prank drebin of Police squad . this be my Captain , Ed hocken . monique be this some kind of bust ? prank , eyeing she cleavage : omitted prank well , it 's very impressive , yes ... but we need to ask you a few ' question . ext . alley - day nordberg dolly . slide under the red van on the mechanic 's under the red van nordberg jam he foot under the frame to act as a brake . use a wrench , he start to attach the device . a bolt come off . oil spill out onto he face . it get in he mouth , and he be gargle pennzoil . he attempt to push away from trouble . in do so , he break the exhaust pipe . soot fall on he . he bang he wrench at the pipe to get it out of the way . Major SPARKS e! repair the trac cupt as he have rupture a electrical line . he it as best he can and quickly try to attach king device , knock off a lot of mud from under the frame as he hammer away . int . le sex shoppe - day Ed and Frank be inspect the many sexual device on display . strange dildo and vibrator abound . all kind . kind . Ed be amaze by the display . ( continued ) 107 & 108 109 110 110a * 40 . 210a continued : : 110 a he pick up a book title " strokin ' the Love muffin " and put it in he pocket . Frank flip a switch on something that look jike it have hand , and lip . it kick in . it suck and grope away quite noisily . Frank turn it off . but not before it grab he and suck he tie a few time . Ed pull the cord on what look like a small jackhammer with a vibrator attach . the engine hum to life . Frank pick up a major-size contraption with a long hose attach . frank how do you use this ? monique it 's a leaf blower . the gardener jeft it behind . you guy have something special in mind ? frank yes . we be look for a woman name monique decarlo . monique all right , but she do not come cheap . prank - no , no , you do not understand . it 's she boyfriend we want . monique oh , I see , it 's boy you want . and I suppose you be sleep with this guy here , eh ? * ed . no , no , we be just good friend . we be together some night , but that 's just for work . frank we do go to yosemite without the gal once ... ed but that be just for fishing . . frank we be a bit surprised there be just one bed . and we do not bring any sleep bag . ( continued ) 110a continued : 41 . ( 2 ) 110a — ed we sleep face the other way ... with we clothes on . . monique all right , all right . so what will it be , gentleman ? maybe you guy be interested in some of we discount item . she point to several edd -iock contraption . angle monique ( continue ) : a thai twist . a japanese yap flap. a nigerian hummer . a belgian waffle . a portuguese butt blaster ... frank a portuguese butt blaster ? ed I try one during the war , Frank . you would not want it . not with all the sit we do . frank all right , listen , we be look for hector Savage . now where be he 's monique ( nasty ) why should I tell you , copper ? frank because I be the last line of defense between sleaze like this and the ' decent people of this town ! a stock boy enter from the back room , earry a stack of magazine . stock boy oh , hi , Frank ! say , we get that model D - 83 swedish sure - grip suck Machine in that you order . ( continued ) +e 41 . ( a ) 210a continued : ( 3 ) 2204 frank : ( to monique ) it 's a gift . ed ( 0.s. ) Frank ! come here , quick ! 111 111 omitted 112 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 42 .- angle - 112 ba be look out a window to the alley . ed it 's : Savage ! he 's on the move ! Frank join Ed at the window , look out . prank — he 's play right into we hand . let 's get to the car . ext . alley ~ day 113 Savage get into the van . under the van 114 nordberg hear Savage get into the van . he ea not quite finish wedge the bugging device into the frame , and start to roll out the back . now he sleeve get catch on the muffler . ee struggle to free it when ... red van 115 Savage drive off . from under the van we hear rordberg 's " rococo ! " he be riding along , under the van . omitted 116 ext . le sex shoppe 117 the van take off . Frank and Ed jump into the car and peel out . red van 118 speed down the street . nordberg 119 riding along under the van . oil , soot , SPARKS , and now exhaust make he life miserable . 120 122 122 123 124 through 128 129 129a 1298 129¢ 43 ... int . franks car : 120 be look at the readout screen in the car . the white blip be move . . : frank mnordberg 's bugging device be right on the money . omitted 121 red van 122 drive along the street . speed bump ahead . ' the van josty with the bump . nordberg 123 underneath . be bop around . omitted / 126 through 128 int . franks car 129 prank look intently at the radar screen . nordberg . 129 a with one last tug , frees he sleeve from the muffler . ext . van 1298 nordberg slide out from under the van , unfortunately at the top of a steep incline . he start roll back - ward , pick up speed . int . franks car 129 '' prank look intently at the radar screen . the blip be converge . frank he 's change direction now , eda . they scan the street in front of they , see nothing . the rear window , we see nordberg hurtle down the street behind they . 44 ... 129d ext . prank' car , : 129d nordberg slide under the back , foot first . , 129e nordberg : : 129e underneath . his sleeve have snag on the oil pan . 129f int . franks car 129p the screen show the blip piggybacked . prank ( excited ) look , Ed ! we be really close now ! step on it ! 129g ext . franks car 1296 it peel out down the street , nordberg 's foot stick out the front like a snowplow . . nordberg noooco ... 129h angle - nordberg's Pov 129e through he leg we see nordberg be now attract road trash like a magnet . in rapid succession , discard shoe , aluminum can , bright orange road cone , old muffler , hubcap , etc. , and finally , a few miscel - laneous road kill . finally , a porcupine be bear down on poor nordberg . 129-i int . prank' car 129 -r a call come in over the radio . radio ( v.0 . ) all unit proceed to third and carmichael street . Red van suspect be cornere and s.w.a.t. team be respond . prank and Ed iook at each other blankly , shrug and turn on the siren . £d turn hard leave and gun the engine . 130 omitted . 130 revised : 1/25/91 45 . 131 131a 131b 131¢ 131d 132 ext . dilapidated crack house - day 131 the place be surround by police car , in one of that pretentious crane shot . a s.w.a.t. van pull up , and transform into a catering truck . angle 131a Frank and Ed drive up and screech to a abrupt halt , whipping nordberg out from under the car and down the street . he slide under a pass Greyhound bus . nordberg 131b underneath bus , snag immediately , of course . ext . bus 131¢c it pull away , its destination sign read : " Detroit . " nordberg 's foot , stick out the back , be engulf in diesel exhaust . ext . crack house 131d Frank and Ed approach the cordon - off area . angle - various cop 132 it 's a extremely tense situation . closeup on sweat brow , tremble trigger finger , etc . Frank and Ed walk up to a D.C. police sergeant . Frank flash he badge . frank drebin , Police squad . what have we get here ? they start to walk toward the command post , pass by various s.w.a.t. sharpshooter , gun train on the house . sergeant ( whisper ) it 's a tense situation , Lieutenant . Savage be hole up in that house over there . say he 's get * hostage . * frank could be bluff . anything else ? * ( continued ) revised : 1/25/91 46 . 132 continued : 132 the sergeant hand Frank a computer print - out sheet . * sergeant yeah . that red van be register to one quentin hapsburg . * insert * Police computer print - out show motor vehicle * information on hapsburg 's van . * angle on red van frank ( smugly ) well , it look like the cow have come home to roost . they pass by a nervous cop hold a rifle aim at the house . frank ( continue ) how be we do , steen ? he slap he on the back . steen be startle and accidentally pull the trigger . all the other cop OPEN FIRE . Frank , too . it 's a craze shootout . Ed yell : ed stop fire ! stop fire ! frank give I the bullhorn . he take the bullhorn from the sergeant . frank ( continue ; through bullhorn ) this be Frank drebin of Police squad . throw down you gun and come on out with you hand up . or come on out , then throw down you gun . whichever way you want to do it . dust remember , the two key element here ... one : gun to be throw down . two : come on out . ( continued ) revised : 1/25/91 132 133 134 135 136 continued : savage ( 0.s. ) you just try and take I , drebin . a bullet hit nearby . ed look like he 's hold all the card , Frank . frank not ail of ‘em . omitted angle they be next to a urban assault batter ram vehicle . it 's a awesome - look urban assault vehicle , as big as a sherman tank . Frank start to climb onto the batter ram . he hand Ed the bullhorn . ed Frank , you can not drive that thing . you be not check out on it . Frank be lowering himself down into the hatch . frank do not worry , Ed . it 's okay . you just keep he busy . Frank close the hatch and rumble off toward the crack house . angle ed ( through bullhorn ) all right , Savage , what do you want ? savage okay , I want a car out front . something fun ... a porsche ... 47 . ( continued ) 132 133 % 134 % 135 * +e eee 136 % a revised : 1/25/91 48 .- 49 . 136 continued : 136 ed * can not do that , Savage . how about a buick ? * * savage ( 0.s. ) too big . ed they make a nice convertible . like a mercede . savage ( 0.s. ) all right . then , I want a plane ticket to Jamaica . and not on any dc - 10 . I want a nice hotel . no touristy place . something really indicative of the people and they culture . 137 batter ram 137 approach the house . really threaten . the excitement build ... 138 int . batter ram 138 Frank at control , wear World War ii goggle . 139 savage 139 see batter ram come , bolt out of roon . 140 omitted 140 141 ext . crack house - medium shot 141 Frank 's batter ram rumble up to the house . it stop at the front door . a mechanical arm come out of it . at the end be a point finger . it ring the doorbell . 142 int . crack house 142 Savage try to escape through a window . but all the window be bar , he 's trap . ( continued ) 142 143 144 145 145a 145b 146 147 148 continued : " 142 ' ed ( 0.8 . ) * all right , Savage , you be trap . e come out with you hand on top of * you head . * ext . crack house 143 prank wait a polite beat , then gun the engine and plow right through the front door . int . batter ram : 14 Frank 's have a lot of trouble see out the small view slot . savage 145 hand on head , watch dumbfounded as prank 's batter * ram pass right in front of he , rumbling out through * the back wall . ext . backyard 145a the batter ram careen through the backyard , col - lecting clothes hang on the line , bicycle , a barbecue grill , lawn furniture , and skewer through a old tire swing hang from a tree . int . crack house 145b Savage now have a easy escape . he run out the hole in the wall . int . batter ram 146 Frank 's vision be zero , due to a large pair of under - wear cover the thin view slot . ext . CITY street - day 147 prank 's batter ram weaving dangerously in and out of traffic , all the backyard paraphernalia drape over it . a dog house be drag along behind it . int . batter ram 148 prank frantically try to work a dozen lever . 149 150 a151 151 151a 51 . ext . CITY Z00 149 Frank rumble through a wall , and out of we view . Ed and s.w.a.t.- teamer arrive on the scene . they react as we hear the demolishing of countless cage and zoo puilding . cage bird be fly , free at last ! Zoo - goer run by , clutching they child , run for they life . among they be now loose zoo animal , a gorilla , zebra , and a seal . a final crash . another zoo wall 150 Frank have come to a stop . as he peek out of the batter ram , he see a boa constrictor wrap around the ram arm , monkey be clutching it for dear life . Guards be firing gun -~ it 's chaos . Frank , a wild bird perch on he head , have a '' what the hell happen ? " look on he face . ext . hapsburg's estate - night a151 guest be arrive , car wait to be take by the valet . a giraffe walk past camera . omitted 151 int . library 151a hapsburg , seat at he desk , be write a check . he hand it to a gentleman seat across from he . they both rise . hapsburg well , you be the lobbyist . I 'l leave the rest up to you . he walk he to the door . hapsburg ( continue ) just make sure Congress keep that auto fuel efficiency standard right where they be . here , let I cash * that for you . hapsburg hand he a wad of cash , take back the check . the lobbyist exit . * ( continued ) 51 . ( a ) 151a continued : 151a Savage stagger in , clutching he stomach . hapsburg turn to face he . hapsburg what be you do here ? I think I tell you to lay low . savage ( groan ) I know . they find I . Big shootout ... at the crack house ... hapsburg rise to help the groan Savage into a seat . hapsburg ( concerned ) be you wounded ? savage ( through clench tooth ) no . on the way over , I stop for a burrito ... ( continued ) 153 154 155 155 a 53 . - 53a . continued : 153 hapsburg you and J kill drebin . yes . now get out of here . Savage slink out a side door . hapsburg go into the foyer . omitted 154 int . hapsburg's estate - foyer - night 155 Frank enter . * butler # 1 ' you coat , sir ? * frank yes , it be . and I have the receipt to prove it . he eye the going - on and hand the butler he coat . he spot commissioner brumford ascend the staircase . he follow . angle - staircase landing 155a butler # 2 hand a ornate phone receiver to brumford . he pull a antenna out of it . it 's cordless . butler # 2 phone cali , commissioner . brumford thank you . she listen for a beat , red-face . brumford ( continue ) he do what ? drebin approach from behind . brumford ( continue ) how many animal escape ? ( pause ) oh my God . ( continued ) 155 a 156 156a 54 . continued : '' asa frank good evening , commissioner . you be look lovely tonight . she give he a look that would level a city block . brumford ( livid ) do you realize that because of you this city be be overrun by baboon ? frank uh , with all due respect , commissioner , be not that the fault of the voter ? she want to strangle he . but before she can react , the combo strike up a big panpare . Frank look up toward it . =. int . large ballroom 1s6 é * bapsburg be make a speech from the bandstand . ( Fake ) * meinheimer and Jane be at he side . hapsburg I would just like to thank you all for * attend this event in honor of Dr. Albert meinheimer , who tomorrow will make he historic address . guest applaud enthusiastically . hapsburg ( continue ) and along with the President , I too , pledge to support Dr. meinheimer 's recommendation -- whatever they may be . more enthusiastic applause . * angle . 1iséaa * baggett , penzwick and dunnwell nod to hapsburg * conspiratorially . t 55 . 156b bandstand 156b 157 158 159 ( Fake ) meinheimer beam , start to get out of he chair -- put catch himself just in time . hapsburg stare he back into the chair . hapsburg now please , enjoy the evening ! music start up . couple start dance . omitted 157 int . large room - another area 158 Frank walk up to Jane , who 's dance with a gentleman . Frank tap he on the back to cut in . frank May I ? the gentleman nod and withdraw . Jane be surprised to see Frank . they dance . jane Frank , what be you do here ? dance floor is9 Jane and Frank share it with several other couple . they be do the cha-cha . the basic " one ... two ... cha - cha- cha " step . drebin be show a lot of attitude . even get a bit fancy as time go on . his wrist hang limp as he go about the dance . after a minute of this , we see how really dumb a counterpoint this be to the serious discussion that now follow . frank I can sum it up in three word : quentin hapsburg . I do not like he the minute I laid eye on hin . the guy 's as dirty as a coal miner 's underwear . ( continued ) 56 . 159 continued : : '' 7 159 jane Frank , what 's get into you ? , he 's a kind , gentle , and concerned . want who care about people . and he 's not as suspicious as gome people I know . frank oh yeah ? well , why do not you ask he what he connection be to the red van you see the night of the explosion ? jane I do not know what you be talk about . frank or ask hin if he 's pal with a goon nape hector Savage . * jane Frank , stop it ! you be jealous because another man can bring I the understanding you never could ! frank no , I be just hope you precious quentin see we . I know he will be jealous . and a jealous man always make the wrong move . I and count on that . he take she in he arm and put on a marvelous display of the art of the tango . all eye be on then . 160 hapsburg 160 at he table , play solitaire . spot the crowd * around Frank and Jane . he be not please . he summon a goon and whisper something to he . in the background , Frank spin Jane wildly around he head . 161 dance floor 161 Frank and Jane end up in a flourish , and a final pose that bring applause from everyone . they take a few bow . hapsburg 's goon approach . ( continued ) 161 162 163 164 s57 . continued : goon # 1 Mr. drebin , Mr. hapsburg would like vyou to join he at he table . Frank smile smugly . he be right . they follow the goon 0.8 . omitted hapsburg's table hapsburg be seat at the table , absentmindedly play solitaire . he look up when Frank and Jane approach . hapsburg do you gamble , Lieutenant ? frank every time I order out . hapsburg stare at Frank intensely . Jane be uncomfortable . ( Fake ) meinheimer wheel up behind Frank . clear he throat . Frank turn around . ( fake ) meinheimer ( testily ) Excuse I . but you happen to be stand at my place at the table . jane oh , Dr. meinheimer , you remember Frank . ( fake ) meinheimer ( confuse ) uh , yes ... mr..-- hapsburg come to he rescue . hapsburg drebin -- from Police squad . you meet he at the Institute . ( fake ) meinheimer oh , yes . of course . please sit down . I '11 sit over here . 161 162 163 164 eee 57a . - 59 . 165 angle - jane 165 a bit puzzle . she take a seat next to hapsburg . Frank sit down opposite hapsburg . hapsburg join we for a drink , Lieutenant ? or perhaps a game of chance ? frank chance be for kamikaze pilot . hapsburg que sera , sera . you do speak french , do not you ? frank unfortunately , no . but I do kiss that way . ( stand up ) now let 's play another game . who 's this ? show he the picture of hector Savage . it 's he high school yearbook picture . hapsburg I would not know . ( continued ) 169 170 1721 172 173 1738 61 . - continoed : 169 prank . here , let I help you with that . : ( pake ) meinheimer you be . very kind , thank you . Frank begin to maneuver he between the table on the way to the podium . angle - jane and hapsburg 170 jane : I can not understand what 's get into prank . hapsburg I be afraid it 's merely a case of jealousy , my dear . I would feel the same way if I have lose the love of such a beautiful lady . prank 171 push the wheelchair , turn to catch a glimpse of : franks Pov 172 hapsburg kissing Jane . resume frank 173 be do not see the serve cart pass in front of ( Fake ) meinheimer . the wheelchair jam hard into the serve cart . ( pake ) meinheimer '' ye. ps® in pain . a coffee urn pitch onto ( Fake ) neinheimer 's lap . scald hot . ( pake ) meinheiner eeyarghh ! yeeowv ! — nearby guest be appal . frank , overanxious to corm rect he mistake , reach down to reverse the control ever . insert - control lever 173a some spill coffee have seepe into the switch . it start to throw off SPARKS . Frank 's hand switch the toggle switch to '' reverse . '' 173b 173¢ 173d 174 175 ' 176 177 178 a 62 .- frank 1738 fhe wheelchair back into he , Frank pitch forward : over ( pake ) meinheimer 's back , he head landing in ( pake ) meinheimer 's crotch , he leg wrap around ( Fake ) meinheimer ' 's neck . the wheelchair , still in reverse , start to spin crazily around the room , wreak - ing general havoc . bhapsburg and jane 173 '' look on , dumbfounded . frank 173d desperate to stop the chair , reach for the control lever . insert - control lever 174 Frank 's hand jam it forward into the position mark : '' forward - hi . " angle - wheel 175 burn rubber . back to 176 the chair do a wheelie , pitching ( Fake ) meinheimer on he back . Frank can not hang on . ' the chair take off across the dance floor , ( Fake ) meinheimer 's head bounc - ing crazily along the floor . guest dive for cover , try to avoid the hurtle wheelchair . angle - jane , hapsburg , commissioner brumford , 177 other guest look on , horrify . Jane , in tear , rush past Frank , and out the door . Frank try to eall after she . frank Jane ! angle - french door 178 ( pake ) meinheimer go fly through the french door . 179 180 180 a 181 182 183 184 63 . ext . hapsburg's estate - pool area patio _* 179 two society matron be have champagne . + matron # 1 ... and for a man confine to a wheelchair , he seem to get around marvelously . behind they , we see ( Fake ) meinheimer in wheelchair catapult out of the second floor balcony in a high , graceful trajectory on he way to God know where . omitted 180 ext . jane's apartment build - night is0a a typical eight -story Washington , D.C. brownstone . int . jane's apartment - live room - night 181 sane be do a few chore . still hurt over this evening 's encounter with Frank . her cat purr by she on the way to the kitchen . Jane water the plant . enter she kitchen . int . kitchen 182 Jane feed the canary . feed the cat . and the dog . lay feed out for she chicken . slop the pig . a elephant's trumpet be hear . a trunk briefly sway * into frame . * jane just a minute , jumbo . she reach for some peanut . ext . jane's apartment - night 183 Frank pull up . he take out the world 's large , and bulkiest bouquet . half of it be destroy just get it out from he car . he enter the apartment building . another third of the bouquet be a goner try to fit it in the door . angle - across STREET 184 a car pull up into the shadow . a man get out , follow Frank into the building . it 's Savage . 165 186 187 64 . - int . lobby : 185 Frank get into the elevator -- more flower go . int . jawe's kitchen . 186 Jane be about to get something out of the refrigerator . doorbell ring . she go to open it . int . live room , 187 Jane ns door . Frank be stand there , hold a scraggly bunch of stem . : jane ( surprised ) prank . he hand she the stem . frank I just want to say I be sorry about what happen tonight . jane prank , you humiliate yourself in front of all that people ! frank I be just do my job ... jane oh , prank ... frank Jane , I need to talk to you . May I come in ? jane well , okay . but ... I be just about to step into the shower . . frank I will only be a minute . she let he in . Frank look around . frank ( continue ) this be a nice place . . jane I get lucky . ( more ) ( continued ) 187 188 65 . continued : '' 187 jane ( cont 'd ) the family that live here be , bludgeon to death in they sleep .. it only cost a hundred fifty a month . Frank walk past the french door , see a breathtaking view -- twinkle city light , a bridge off in the distant mountain , a full moon smile down on a glow sunset . frank but still , only a hundred fifty buck a month . that 's almost the room start to shake . we hear a low - level rumble , intensify into a thunderous roar , as the uptown local hurtle past the window , not three foot away . Frank 's voice be drown out . jane ( shouting ) I be sorry , what do you say ? frank forget it . the train be go . Jane stop a row of spin plate . Jane walk into the kitchen . Frank follow . jane I be make a protein shake . do you want some ? frank uh , no thanks . I just have a tew question I would like to ask you . int . kitchen 188 Jane go to the refrigerator , open the door and stick she head in . start pull item out and hand they to Frank . we see only she backside behind the open door . frank Jane . do you know what Dr. meinheimer be go to say at the Press Club dinner tonorrow ? ( continued ) " 67 . 188 continued : ( 2 ) ~ 188 jane well , he have a birthmark in the , shape of whistler 's mother on he right buttock . . frank I see . well ... the think , " how the hell do she know that ? " be write all over he face . she put in a t-bone steak , jink sausage , and a big hershey bar . she pour the mixture into two glass . hand one to Frank . he 's not real anxious to try it . frank ( continue ) have you notice anything different about he ? Frank quickly pour he a@rink back into the blender . jane well ... only that he 's a foot taller ... and he seen to be leave - hand now . she see he glass be empty . she pour he drink back into he glass . he 's stick with it again . he 's look to dump it fast . Jane suddenly realize what Frank be get at . jane ( continue ) Frank ... , Frank quickly toss the drink out the window . sane ( continue ) se. what be you try to tell I ? , voice from out window . my eye ... aww ! I can not see ! T can not see ! prank pretend he do not hear anything . ( continued ) 1868 continued : ( 3 ) ise | jane . that quentin have somehow find a exact double for Dr. meinheimer and that tomorrow that double will ' give a fraudulent report to the President ? Frank be take aback . frank why , that 's brilliant ! it 's a lot better than what I have come up with . jane Frank , stop it ! this be preposterous ! be there no end to you jealousy ? she 's be grip he arm tightly as she be work into a lather . . frank Jane , you be hurt I . she let go . jane ( anguish ) oh , what more do you want from I ?! . prank can I use you phone ? jane lecal call ? frank yes. jane okay . now , if you will excuse I , I have to take my shower . she kick off she shoe and hold they in she hand . they be extremely large heel and Jane be now about two foot short than Frank . jane ( continue ) the phone 's in the other room . you can let yourself out . she exit . 189 190 191 192 193 194 195 196 197 omitted - 189 & 190 int . hallway , 192 Elevator door open . ominous music . we see only the foot of Savage step into the hallway and turn ... int . bedroom 192 Frank on phone . frank Ed hocken , please . we hear some insipid hold music . * int . live room - front door 193 we hear the lock be professionally jimmied . the click tell we Savage have succeed . the doorknob slowly start to turn . int . bathroom 194 Jane turn on the shower . feel the water . adjust the hot and cold . then take off she dress . we follow it to the floor . camera be now focused on she leg . her slip come off . her underwear . a holster and six - gun . her bra . she get in the shower . drawing the shower curtain . int . jane's front door - subjective camera . 195 Savage through the door . look around the live roon . Savage walk on . open the kitchen door . a pig * scurries out . he head down the hall . omitted : 196 * hallway 197 Savage hear Jane in the bathroom . he slowly open the bathroom door . Jane , unaware of danger , be take she shower . 70 . 198 int . bathroom 198 Jane be sing in the shower . , jane ( sing ) memories ... all alone in the moonlight ... 199 int . bedroom / 199 Frank be still on the phone . frank that 's right , Ed . this be something big . I be go to need you and nordberg . ( pause ) what 's he do in Detroit ? ( pause ) well , send he plane fare and a new pair of pants . 200 int . bathroom 200 jane ( sing ) all alone with my sadness ... Savage be screwing on a silencer . but get teary - eye listen to the song . jane ( 0.s. ) ( sing ) of my day in the sun ... Savage forget where he be for the moment . savage ( sing ) we. I '1 ] remember a time when I know what happiness be ... look around , a new day have begin ... they be sing two - part harmony . then Jane realize there 's somebody else there with she . she scream . Savage be jolted out of he reverie . 201 ' int . live room - night 201 about to leave , Frank hear Jane 's scream from the bathroon . 202 203 204 205 206 71 . int . bathroom 202 Savage aim gun at shower curtain . but before he can get off a shot , Frank burst in and try to wrestle the gun away from he . Jane open the curtain to see what 's go on . jane - over the shoulder 203 nake , of course . the two man struggle . she scream . she 's naked , remember . do not forget that . this be a nude woman from the back . when she scream , Savage and Frank turn toward she . both stop dead in they track . stare at she . take she all in . both enjoy what they see . then it 's back to the struggle . Savage have Frank bent over the sink . he 's attempt to do he in with a electric toothbrush . closeup of Frank 's struggle . the brush get closer to he mouth . then , as Frank struggle , the toothbrush glide over he tooth . Frank react as if this be pure torture . his mouth foam up with toothpaste . Frank grab a hair dryer . turn it on , blow hot air in Savage 's face . Savage hold he face and scream . as Frank recover from he brush , Savage throw a towel at he , momentarily blind Frank , while Savage run out of the room . Frank , mouth billow in toothpaste , go after he . omitted 204 & 205 int . hallway 206 Frank catch up to the flee Savage with a fly tackle . the elevator door open , revealing a elderly lady with a poodle . Frank and Savage end up on the ground with they head : between the elevator door , which keep jam close on they head . the poodle yap annoyingly at they head . they both get up , a little woozy . Savage choke Frank up against the wall with one hand and pull a gun with the other . in desperation , Frank grab a nearby fire hose , from a typical wall - mount box . Frank manage to shove the hose nozzle into he attacker 's mouth . Savage keep up he attack . Frank turn on the water . hold the nozzle in Savage 's mouth . Savage immediately let go of Frank . his cheek bulg out with water . they look like two water balloon . then he stomach begin to fill up . Frank see the man have have enough . but he 's shove the hose too far down Savage 's throat . he can not yank it out . Frank quickly go to turn the water off . but the handle come off in he hand , " oh , oh . " Savage continue fill with water . ( continued ) of of 206 206a 206b 206c 207 208 209 72 . continued : 206 Frank wince in anticipation of the inevitable . Water pressure build in Savage . it gush from he nostril and ear . frank 206a he 's never see anything like this before . and do not especially want to hang around for the outcome . Frank try Jane 's door . it 's lock . frank uh , Jane . Jane ? he look back , Savage be now really balloon . Frank be a bit panicked . two button pop off Savage 's * jacket , like rivet on a u-boat . ( see " das Boot . " ) * frank ( continue ) Jane ! Jane ! he pound on the door . angle - door across the hall 206b a guy come out dress in a towel , he head sudse to the max , drip wet . ( angry ) hey ! what the hell happen to the water pressure ?! his eye widen as he see Savage . angle - savage 206c *x he 's sprung a leak up and down he chest . the seam be * start to go . * omitted 207 & 208 int . jane's apartment 209 Frank enter and slam the door shut just as we hear a gigantic bang and slosh of water . Jane rush to he , clad only in a man 's shirt . jane oh , Frank . I be so frighten . I be so glad you be here . ( continued ) 72 . ( a ) 209 continued : 209 she collapse into he arm . jane what happen out there ? frank oh , uh , nothing . it 's nothing to worry about . but if I be you I ... would not leave until they have a chance to shampoo the carpet . Water sloshes in under the door . Frank bend down to pick something up that 's come in with the tide . jane who would want to kill you , Frank ? frank well , before tonight , only the cable company . Frank read the dock pass . frank ( continue ) but now I be afraid it be one of hapsburg 's goons . he be carry this . Frank hand she the laminate card . 210 insert - card 210 it 's a dock pass . it read : " hapsburg valdez , warehouse 39 . " 211 jane 211 she 's shocked . she collapse on the couch , distraught . jane oh , Frank , I feel like such a fool . I should never have doubted you ... frank ( comforting ) there , there . you have no way of know that the man you be dating be a vicious , murdering sociopath . ( continued ) 73 . - 222 comtimugd : 211 ghe break down , sobbing . . jane oh , prank ! we have get to help Dr. ' meinheimer . he 's in danger ! frank yes . they will probably torture hia , and then kill he . jane ( distraught ) oh , it 's all my fault ... frank fhey will probably start by pull all he toenail out ... this be not help . Jane be beside herself . frank ( continue ) eo . then they will move on to nose hair ... jane ( hysterical ) oh , what be we go to do !? frank well , if py hunch be right , they be hold he hostage in this warehouse . he 's hold the dock pass . jane oh , Frank , you will be careful , will not you ? frank yes . of course I will . well , I _- guess I will be on my way ... Frank rise to leave . frank ( continue ) wee I promise nordberg we would bake — a raisin - nut bread tonight ... 212 213 214 215 215a 216 217 74 . jane gaze into he eye . overcome by he strong , manly presence , she bury she head in he shoulder . romantic music creep in ... jane oh , I can not fight it anymore ! I run away from you once , I can not do it again ! will you stay with I ? angle - frank his expression leave no doubt . closeup - jukebox 212 a 45 drop onto the turntable , the music start . it 's the righteous Brothers 's '' unchain melody . '' angle - jane 213 clad in Frank 's shirt , straddle a potter 's wheel . her finger manipulate a huge , gooey mound of clay on the way to make who know what . angle - frank 214 clad in jeans and bare - chest , approach Jane from behind and slide he arm around she . she take he hand in hers and place they on the clay . together they begin to stroke the clay up and down -~ and up and down and , well , you get the picture . this be go to be real obvious . Frank reach deep into the clay and * pull out a bowl trophy . * closeup - frank and jane 215 Big kiss . angle - potter' wheel 215 a spin faster and faster , gob of clay start to fly off and splat against the wall . omitted 216 * angle - franks jeans 217 zipper partly open , a major bulge in this crotch . Jane 's hand deftly reach in -- and pull out a lump of clay . 218 218a 219 220 221 222 75 . angle - frank and jane 218 he deftly place she on the bed . kiss , they drop out of frame . angle 218a * Jane 's hand grip two vertical rod in the headboard . * they snap off . * angle - potter' wheel 219 turn ever so slowly , it 's a highly detailed , huge penis , waver around a bit as it spin . dissolve to : lovemake montage 220 various body part , hand grab bed post , stock footage of oil derrick , train speed through tunnel , run backwards and forward . hot dog go through a doughnut , elephant spraying water . then stock footage . of a Space shuttle launch , a dam burst , terrify people run for they life . fade out . fade in : ext . harbor - morning : 221 we see the gigantic tanker " hapsburg valdez " through typical binocular matte . a sign say : " warehouse 39 . " ext . police boat - morning 222 Ed be peer through binocular . he put they down . ed Frank , I be tell you , we get no business do this . Frank be put on a wet suit . he can not get he leg in the wet suit . he 's pull on it hard . it 's taut and stretch out to the limit . frank you be wrong , Ed . as long as there be criminal activity , we have a job to do . ( continued ) 76 . . 222 continued : 222 the wet suit shoot off he foot like a big rubber band and sail past Ed over the side of the boat . £d look over the side . 222a ed' Pov . 222a the wet suit plop onto the water . ten other float nearby . . 222b resume scene 2228 ed . but , Frank , the commissioner pull we credential and tell we to be out of town by sunrise . Frank look around , take a big breath . frank all the better to catch hapsburg off guard . £d can not believe this . prank ( continue ) we could not have pick a better day . this fog will conceal we all the way over to hapsburg 's warehouse . =d that 's not fog , Frank . wumber two engine be on fire . they be try to put it out . 223 angle - deck batch 223 smoke and flame billow out . 224 resume scene - frank and ed 224 Ed check he watch . ed all right . let 's run through this one more time . at exactly 3:15 , nordberg will cut the power line , knock out the alaras . ( continued ) 224 224a 225 226 continued : - 226 right . - > nordberg ? angle - nordberg 224a be bent over the side of the boat . ed ( continue ) something out there , nordberg ? nordberg no , I be just throw up , sir . nordberg join thea . ed I will be in the van wait for ' you signal . you be all wire up ? frank yeah , right . when I say '' I love iti® <= then you guy move in . wordbers check . prank have the mask , tank , and equipment on . the swin fin be truly over-size . sit on the side of the boat . Frank give he the " thumb -up . " hold he mask . fail backwards off the boat and into the water . but instead of the splash , we hear a loud thud . Ed and nordberg , who be on the other side of the boat wait - ing for prank , run to the sound . frank 228 he 's lie on the dock , flat on he back . look up at Ed and nordberg . ed fhe water 's over there , Frank . prank just practice . int . warehouse 39 226 hapsburg , along with fenzwick , baggett and dunnwell , be seat around a table , intently watch a tele - vision monitor . 227 227a 227b 228 229 230 78 ... closeup - television screen 227 fade up : ' tv commercial . ext . ocean : , : 227a a oil tanker cruise through pristine blue water . announcer ( v.0 . ) here at argon oil , we care about the environment . : int . science lab 227b we see oll - soak duck come down a conveyor belt . announcer ( v.0 . ) that 's why argon scientist be experiment with new and more efficient way to clean crude oi ) off of wild bird . the duck go in a mini-size car wash set-up . through that squiggly rag , spra : with soap , rinse off , blow-dry . then pat with sponge by car wash attendant type . a blink sign advertise '' how apply hot carnauba Wax . '' reverse angle - hapsburg and cronies 228 murmur they approval . ext . warehouse 39 - pier - morning '' 229 prank surface right in front of a sewer érain , crap pour out of it . he 's earry a utility case . sign read : '' Raw sewage . '' nearby another : '' for God 's sake , do not swim here ! " he climb onto the pier . take off he equipment . Frank stealthily look for a way inside the perimeter . he come face - to- face with snarling doberman . prank {into he mike ) I will have to find another way in . do you read I , Ed ? ext . van 230 drive through warehouse district . eee '' eee e 2312 232 233 234 79 . int . van - 0 232 ea be seat at & receive set with four s.w.a.t. team member . . ed loud and clear . be hit another switch . the van cone to a stop . * ed ( continue ) nordberg , how be we do ? int . cab of the van 232 nordberg , in a utility company outfit , be wear a gmail headset and mike , not unlike utility company operator wear . he back up the van . * . hordberg we be at we destination . omitted . 233* int . warehouse 39 - angle - tv screen 234 234a ext . training school : 234a announcer ( v.0 - ) here at we tanker Captain train School , we be make sure that only the best -qualify man become argon captain . trainees be try unsuccessfully to touch they nose , stagger down a straight white line ( extra wide ) , blow on a breathalyzer machine . other attempt to negotiate a obstacle course in go-cart with boat body cover they . when they crash , oil pour out of then . 234b ext . desert tank warfare - stock footage 234b announcer ( v.o. ) and here in the argon Desert test Grounds , we have develop @ special hot weather tank fuel for future war in the Middle East . over stock footage appear the argon logo . ( continued ) 2348 continued : 2348 235 237 238 240 | announcer ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) because here at ar + we want to ki that oi ] flow . from eae CO youse rough we . music up . pade out . oe & angle - hapsburg and friend 235 pleased again . ext . warehouse 39 236 Frank be make he way to a darken section of the fence . frank : ( whisper into mike ) tia go to have to get over this roof . prank take a grapple hook gun from he utility case . ee shoot the grapple hook to the roof . it go up , up and over . other side of build 237 the hock latch on to the harness of one of the snarl - ing dog . frank 238 se yank on the rope , satisfied . he start to climb up . doberman 239 =* be slowly pull upward . this be a unhappy dog . he 's act as a counterweight to Frank . for side shot of the roof 240 drebin make he way up one side . the dog faci : for - ward , be pull up the other . both be equal dis - tance from the roof peak . 241 242 243 244 245 246 sl . - frank . 5 24 ) | pear a growling . puzzle . but k climb . he each the be and be nose - to- nose with a snarling , froth dog . Big trouble . Big fear . . ' prank awww ! he let go of the rope . the dog chase prank along the top of the roof . power pole 242 nordberg check he watch . it 's almost time to cut the power to the factory . ( into mike ) five second to cut the power . ed five second , check . ( to rordberg ) get ready , nordberg . nordberg 244 : nordberg pour , three , two , one , zero . nordberg cut what he believe to be the right wire ; it 's he harness . he end up hang upside - down he cleat , he jacket flung down over he head like a straitjacket . his headset fall off of he head . ( continue ) help ! insert - dangling headset '' 248 ed ( v.0 . ) nordberg , nordberg ! ext . roof 246 Frank be dash along the roofline , the doberman in hot pursuit . se 247 . 248 249 249a 82 . - omitted 247 back to hapsburg and suit 248 they look up , hearing a pounding on the fook . angle - skylight 249 Frank come crashing through it and land on the table , break it in two . thug surround Frank . all gun be train on he . Frank stand up , dust himself off , he run one hand through he hair and , miracul - ously , he 's completely clean up . hapsburg well . it 's Lieutenant drebin . you be suppose to have be kill last night . frank 249 a gulp , realize he 's ina bad spot now . the thug close in menacingly . . hapsburg {eruelly ) but now I think I be go to enjoy do it myself . it will be slow . and painful . i'11 start with you toe . and work up to you knee . until you be scream for mercy we . begging I to kill you . but , of course , I will not . wot until you come crawl to I on you and knee to kiss my boot ! prank why do not I just crawl right over there now and kiss you boot ?... we can skip all the stuff in the middle . bapsburg , the suit and the goons be sniff the air ( the scent of one foul odor ) . bapsburg point out what be beginning to become apparent to everyone . bapsburg ee . do you smell that ? everyone agree . they all look around . ( continued ) os 249a 250 | i ~ 251 252 ~ 83. continued : . 249a 7° frank ' q nat would be I . I have be swimn in raw sewage . ( try to inte he chest ) I love it . hapsburg , the suit and the thug be incredulous . ( louder ) ed ' that 's the signal . let 's go ! they try to open the van door . it will not budge . ed ( continue ) . it must be stick . give I a hand ! they put they shoulder to the door . the door be not open . ext . van : 251 the door banging against the power pole . yes , * nordberg have back the van right up against the pole ! * ha * int . warehouse , 252 hapsburg search hin . a goon start to pat Frank down -- all over . frank Zeos_love it ! fhe goon give he the eye . goon # 2 ( warning ) hey ... I be marry ! ( continued ) a 4 . continued : : _ + 252 he proceed more tentatively . he feel something on Frank 's chest . he open the wet suit . revealed , attach to he chest , be a complete home entertainment center . a reel - to- reel recorder , speaker , ' cassette player , CD , and lot of control . the goon hit the stop button . the system turn off . hapsburg tie he up ! the goons beyin to tie up Frank . frank you will never get away with this , bapsburg . whatever it be . hapsburg all right , Mr. drebin . I will show you . lat ze introduce you to some people . of course , you know Dr. meinheiner . pr . meinheimer , bound and gag , be wheeled out of the shadow into the room . hapsburg ( continue ) and you have set Earl backer ... ( Fake ) meinheixer walk in , bow politely to Frank . he 's limping slightly . frank be shocked . hapsburg ( continue ) we . and then , I would like you to neet the redmond ... a typical middle - age midwestern tourist couple be bring in . Frank do not recognize then . hapsburg ( continue ) weekend guest from out of town . mrs . redmond this be we first crime . goon # 2 be leave to guard Frank and meinheimer . ( continued ) 252 253 254 255 255a 8s . continued : ( 2 ) : * 252 hapsburg we be go to the Press Club dinner . make sure nothing happen to Mr. drebin until I come back . ( to Frank ) then I want the pleasure of kill you nyself . frank ( tough ) the pleasure 's all mine . he switch on the tv set . tv screen - ext . hyatt smithsonian HOTEL : 253 dignitary be filing in . limousine pull up , disgorge passenger . Press photographer crowd in . Police control crowd . this be a big deal . resume - frank and hapsburg 254 hapsburg enjoy the speech , Mr. drebin . ominous music . he exit with ( Fake ) meinheiner . int . warehouse 255 on tv , wetre watch a television reporter . she 's * report from the hotel . : reporter * ... as the energy profile of the entire nation , indeed , the entire world may well be determine by the speech which will be deliver today by Dr. meinheiner . we will be back in a moment as we coverage continue . . frank and meinheimer 255a tie up , hand behind they chair , seat in front of a eight - foot-high and nine-foot - long metal shelf unit . look at each other , desperate . look back to tv. 255 '' 255d 255e 255 F on tv - 255b . °° a commercial . the scene be a typical suburban packyard , a man in a apron be flipping burger on a parbecue grill . he look into camera and address we . man # 2 y'know , someday way in the future , the sun may be able to provide all we energy need -- but right now it give we a comfortable feel to know that we home be be supply by nuclear power . camera widen to reveal a huge nuclear power plant loom in the b.g. he be join by he pretty wife and a dog with two tail . they snile together . man # 2 ( continue ) we kind of think of it as '' we friendly neighbor . " but renenber , nuclear power can not exist without frank : 255c spot a hacksaw just behind he hand on the shelf . . frank keep you eye on the gorilla . goon # 2 255d listen to music through walkman headphone . he 's read the " World News . " headline to be select . frank 255e start to shake the shelf back and forth , hope to reach the hacksaw . man # 2 ( v.o0 . ) so write you congressman and tell he to keep that government dollar roll in to ... nuclear power . angle - top of shelf 255f shake , a bowl ball teeter on top , then fall . ( continued ) 86 . ( a ) 255f continued : 255f land right in meinheimer 's lap . then & baseball bat , a half dozen softball , some horseshoe , and a rack of * billiard ball . * 255g frank 255g still try to reach the hacksaw . 25se 2551 2857 87 . angle - top of shelf | - 288h two can of crude oil and a box label '' packing material " be teeter . : meinheiner : 2551 deluge with black goop . then pack material rain down . finally a anvil fall and knock he out cold . Frank give up with the hacksaw . prank it 's no use , I can not ... he look over and see the tar and feathered Dr. meinheimer , unconscious . it dawns on he what he 's just wringht . angle - door 2557 just then a very dishevel Ed and nordberg burst in , they gun be draw . ed freeze ! several swat - teamer grab the thug and untie neinheimer and Frank . Ed get a good look at the oile and feathered meinheimer . ed ( continue ) good Lord ! look what they do to Dr. meinheiner ! goon # 2 be bring up . Ed get just one look at this dirtball . ed ( continue ) I just can not take this anymore . he take off he badge , throw it away . ed ( continue ) all right - — — I '' just John q. Public now . it 's just you and I . he start pull out gun and knife , from everywhere , goat , boot behind he back , etc . and throw they all jown . ed ( continue ) mano a mano . i'1i teach you to pick on a helpless invalid ! 255 k 255l 256 279 280 281 . 88 . - angle - " frank - 288k a little embarrassed , try to break in , gently . : : frank uh , bd. ed. Ed ? we hear painful groans as prank wince with every vicious punch . angle - nordberg _ 2ss L wince also . frank 255m can not take this any longer . , : prank all right , all right ! he 's have enough ! angle - ed : 255 lie flat on he back , completely beat up . goon # 2 stand over he , fist out , ready for more . frank okay , cuff he and take he downtown . and somebody help the Captain , we have get to get to the Press Club dinner ! omitted 256 through 279 ext , hyat ? smithsonian HOTEL ~ night 280 int . HOTEL - MAIN ballroom 281 Press crowd around ( pake ) meinheimer and Bush as they pose for photographer . there 's a temporary stage set 4 at one end , face a multitude of elegantly appoint - tabl Television camera be be set up . Reporters be everywhere . int . ballroom - another area " 2 b2 . the Television reporter be interview John sununu . * 282a 282b 283 . sununu I do not think there will be any surprise in Dr. meinheiner 's address . he will most likely recommend the President stay the course in oil dependency and sore dollar for subsidize nuclear power ... as I have often rec nyself . reporter thank you , Mr. sununu. ( to camera ) we will have more on the Press Club dinner after this , and algo a update on that escape zoo animal which continue to terrorize the city ... eee eee eo int . ballroom - another area - 282a commissioner brumford be scan the room . talk to a couple of d.c. plainclothesnen . brumford I do not need to tell you man this be probably the most t evening of my career . we can not afford any mistake . and if you see Lieutenant . drebin or any of he Police squad near this prenise , I want then arrest on sight ! . omitted 2825 * int . HOTEL garage 283 * Jane be wait for Frank . she nervously check she watch . a chill run up she spine as she hear a familiar voice . hapsburg why , Jane ! she whirl around to see hapsburg . ( continued ) 283 continued : hapsburg _ ocontinue ) what ‘are you do out here ? the party 's inside . jane oh! quentin ! I ... be just get a breath of fresh air . hapsburg look around . sniff the air . the place be pile high with crate of fish . Jane think fast . jane ( continue ; recover : ) I grow up on Lake Erie . there 's ... nothing quite like it . hapsburg well , I be quite sure . but how fortunate to have find you here . now you can join I at my table . he take she arm and begin to lead she back to the pallroom . she look helplessly back at the garage entrance . 283a ext . HOTEL rear entrance - night he power company van pull up . Frank , Ed , nordberg , and meinheimer exit the van . frank I tell Jane to meet we at the hotel rear entrance . she 's go to unlock the door at 7:30 sharp . they all check they watch . what about hapsburg , Frank ? frank we just have to hope she can steer clear of hiz . 284 ext . rear entrance we guy arrive . Frank knock on the door . ( continued ) 283 's * 283a * 284 % 90 . ( a ) 284 continued : 284 . frank Jane ... Jane .-- no response . he pound the door again . nothing . frank ( continue ) something must have happen to Jane . . ed what be we gonna do , Frank ? Frank look around . a mariachi band be off -load equipment at a adjacent load dock . ( continued ) 284 285 286 . 91 . continued : - 286 follow I . ext . HOTEL 's loading dock - night pe 285 Frank , Ed , and nordberg approach four ornately costume Band member . Frank flash he badge . frank Police squad ! May I see you union card ? band member ( in unison ) si . they reach inside they jacket , look down . we four guy deck an . int . hallway - wentieth floor 286 Frank , Ed , nordberg and meinheimer step out of the | elevator . they be all dress in ridiculous - look mariachi outfit ; tight pants , short bolero jacket with sequin , huge sombreros and monster- size guitar . they all sport draw - on , pencil-thin moustach . prank Ed , take the south wing . nordberg , check for ... prank be interrupt by a official from the hotel . manager where the hell have you guy be ? prank uh , big traffic jam at the border . the manager look at he ( " what border ? " ) , then spot meinheimer in wheelchair . manager and what 's with he ? prank uh , that 's pedro . running of the bull . ( shake he head ) he trip . ( continued ) 286 287 92 . continued : . 266 manager well , we get a room full of guest with no entertainment . you better get in there pronto . comprende ? prank uh ... comprendo . luego. lasagna we. El dorado . they slowly back away from the hotel manager and into the ballroom . int . ballroom 287 Frank and the squad be face - to- face with hundred of expectant dinner guest . they freeze . the manager come up behind thea . manager what the hell be you wait for ? circulate ! prank and the guy come up to & group of table . meinheimer look especially awkward in the wheelchair . prank strum a few chord , the other follow . frank ( sing ) in a little cafe just the other side of the border , she be a-sit there , give I look that make my mouth water . it 's actually not too bad -- almost listenable . angle - another table 288 Frank be really get into it . prank ( sing ) so I start walk she way , she belong to that man , Jose , and I know , yes I know , I should leave , then I hear she say ... yay ... ay ! 93 . 289 angle - hapsburg's table _ 7 289 . hapsburg , Jane , the oil , coal and nuclear suit . the mariachi band enter . frank {really sell it , sing ) come a little bit closer , you be my kind of man , 80 big and so strong ... he 's right in hapsburg 's face . Jane be appal . frank ( continue ; sing ) come a little bit closer , I be all alone , and the night be so long ! nordberg and meinheimer step forward and do the horn break -~ right in hapsburg 's ear . ( Fake ) meinheiner excuse himself and head for the dais . Ed take Frank aside . in the background , nordberg and meinheimer be do coordinate dance step . when nordberg spin around , meinheiner ( mount on a unseen turntable ) also spin . ed Frank , we better make we move . frank right , Ed . I be think something more up - tempo -- like " tie a yellow ribbon ... " . ed no , no . I mean the imposter . he 's about to go on ! frank right . you get the Doctor change -- I will intercept hacker . Ed wheel meinheimer away . Frank follow hacker . nordberg finish he solo with a big flourish . Nice applause . 290 on stage 290 tip o'neill appear onstage and address the audience . ( continued ) 291 292 / 94 . coninued : 290 o'neill I be pleased and honore this evening to be call upon to introduce we feature speaker . a man who ... the entire room shift in they seat . this could be a long evening . int . hallway 291 Frank confront ( pake ) meinheimer , wheeling himself down the hallway . prank Dr. meinheimer ? ( pake ) meinheimer yes ? Frank remove he sombrero and moustache and a few other prostheses we do not know about . Fake chin , nose , ear , hand extension , etc . frank ee. or should I say , '' hacker ? '' ( pake ) meinseiner drebint Frank grab he by the lapel and hoist he out of the wheelchair . some women come out of the lady 's room and start to watch , as it appear like a mexican be beat the crap out of a guy in a wheelchair . they scream . this attract other passersby who intervene and proceed to beat the crap out of prank . other help wheel the dishevel and groan ( Fake ) meinheimer away . . woman we better get this man to some first aid . man # 3 right . you sit tight , mister , we will take care of you . they disappear out of sight , around a corner . int . hallway 292 Ed exit man 's room with meinheimer now in dark suit . they turn a corner and be shocked at what they see . 293 295 . 95 . ° angle - frank 293 drape over a railing , semi-conscious . his tight pants be rip , not suite to this type of action . rush to he . . ' £d prank ! what happen ? be take Frank off the railing and prop he up against the wall . frank uhhnnhuh ... ed stay here . do not move . T will get some water ! ( to meinheiner ) I will be right back . 2a exit . Frank start to come to . he open he eye . the first thing he see be meinheizer stare down at he from he wheelchair . Frank spring to he foot . prank you sniveling fraud ! Frank yank the helpless meinheimer out of he wheel - chair and start pummel hia . . angle - bystander 294 include a few football player - type . bystander # 1 hey , look ! he 's at it again ! bystander # 2 ( pound fist into pa guess he need another lesson . they all move in toward Frank . int . ballroom 295 tip o'neill be head hone . o'neill ees and , as we face important decision affect we environment and , hence , we life go into the 21st century ... 297 298 299 300 301 302 angle - audience 96 . + 296 stare ahead , slack - jaw . some eye be beginning to giaze . omitted int . hallway 297 & 298 299 Ed , come around the corner with a glass of water , be shocked at what he see . frank 300 bystander be beat the crap out of he . Ed rush up to break it up , flash he badge . ed hey ! break it up . this man be a policeman ! the bystander let Frank go . Ed try to revive Frank , but he 's still too groggy . ed ( continue ) Frank ! Frank ! wake up ! the hotel manager rush up . manager . Dr. meinheimer ! they be go introduce you in thirty second ! ea hand the glass of water to the hotel manager . ed here . stay with he ! ea rush off with meinheiner . omitted int . ballroom 301 302 o'neill and now , I be proud to present to you , a man who need no introduction ... * 302a 303 303a 304 305 305 a 30 sb 305 '' 97 . angle - hapsborg's table ' _ 302a bapsburg look smugly confident , as be he croney , the energy suit . Jane be get nervous . o'neill see @ man unparalleled in stand in the scientific community ... backstage 303 Ed appear with meinheimer , ready to go on . they * proceed down a narrow corridor . both really pleased , when suddenly , from out of nowhere , two thick arm grab Ed in a chokehold around he neck . it 's ( Fake ) meinheimer ! 2d turn bright red from the stranglehold . angle - meinheimer 303a * block from enter stage by the struggle Ed and * ( pake ) neinheimer . * int . ballroom 304 o° neill the esteem Dr. Albert S. meinheimer ! : the audience rise to they foot and give a stand ovation , the kind usually reserve for haile selassie . backstage 305 £d be now turn purple . ' audience 305a still ovate . backstage 305b Ed be now bright green . with one desperate rush , he throw a wick elbow to ( pake ) meinheimer 's rib . Ed follow with a devastating right cross , knock ( Fake ) meinheimer back into he wheelchair , he right hand knock against the control lever . insert - control lever 305 c ( pake ) meinheimer 's hand throw it into the " porward " position . ; 98. 305d angle 3308 p ( pake ) meinheimer in the wheelchair head straight for the stage past a kneel and gasp ed. 306 int . ballroom 306 audience be still on they foot , applauding . the elec- tric wheelchair with ( Fake ) meinheimer go across the stage , veer leave and plunge off the stage into the front row . 307 audience : 307 horrify . 308 front row 308 ( Fake ) meinheiner have jand in a heap , he head jamme up the crotch of a Society matron . 309 | bapsburg 309 horrify . baggett , dunnwell and penzwick scowl at 310 back to ( pake ) meinbeimer 310 groggy , he get up and start to stagger around awkwardly . 311 nordberg 311 amaze at the sight , rush forward . nordberg God ! he can walk ! it 's a rtacle ! he can walk ! 311a audience 311a start to applaud . a woman cross herself . other people be say thing like '' it 's a miracle " and '' glory bet " some be in tear . 3118 back to nordberg 3118 he give ( Fake ) meinheimer a big hug . ( continued ) 3113 312 312a 312b 313 314 315 315 a 316 through 321 continued : | 311b ( fake ) meinsneimer get offa I , you moron ! he shove nordberg aside and bolt offstage . backstage 312 - Ed see this , give chase . fip o'neill 312a look offstage , see meinheimer give he the '' thumb - up . '' he 's a little confuse , but pleased . o'neill ah , yes . I see everything seem to be okay now , and without further ado , I present to you , once again .... int . hallway 312b Frank be come to . o'neill ( 0.5 . ) Dr. Albert S. meinheimer ! as the applause start to build , Frank bolt for the stage . omitted . 313 & 314 angle 315 the real Dr. meinheimer wheel himself onstage . the '' audience applaud , hope he will make it this time . int . hallway 315 a ( pake ) meinheimer rush past , be chase by ed. Frank rush up , miss they by second , and charge on toward the stage . omitted 316 through 321 see 100 . 322 jane . + 322 relieved . but , suddenly , she expression change to one of alarn . 322a on stage 322a Frank rush out onto the stage . frank hold it ! hold everything ! stop ! jm man be a fraud and I can prove t , meinheimer what do you think you be do ? frank ... because the yeal Dr. meinheimer have a birthmark right here ! Frank rip meinheimer 's pants down . be surprised to * see the whistler 's mother birthmark . * 322b audience 322b a collective gasp . a appall sight . various reaction shot , include Jane , commissioner brumford , President and Mrs. Bush , and tip o'neill . brumford ( incredulous ) drebin !! frank * frank * obviously a forgery ! we ' 11 see * about this ! * he take out a brillo pad from the box and begin to * scrub meinheimer 's ass . * 322ba backstage 322 BA Ed appear with ( Fake ) meinheimer in handcuffs , see the disaster on stage . slap he forehead in disbelief . 201 . 322c on stage -* 322 c .. plainclothes police rush on stage to grab Frank , who be now try vainly to remove whistler 's mother from meinheimer 's ass with a drill sander . : 322d angle - ed 322d burst on to the stage . ed hold it ! Frank be right ! there dis a fraud here tonight -- but it 's this man ! nordberg drag out a reluctant ( Fake ) meinheimer in handeuffs . Ed produce a piece of paper . ed ( continue ) and he 's just give we this sign confession implicate that man ! he point to the audience . 322e audience 322e all turn to look . 322ea angle - various table ( including hapsburg be ) 322ea about eight male guest rise to they foot , pull gun and take female hostage . 322eb angle - ed 322 EB perplex . wave they off . ed no , no . that man . quentin hapsburg ! 322ec angle - men 322ec sheepishly put away they gun and sit back down . 322f hapsburg's table 322f two empty chair . hapsburg and Jane be go ! revised : 1/25/91 103 , - 103a . 329a 330 330a ( old sc. 337 ) 331 332 333 334 334a 334b angle 329a hapsburg force Jane at gunpoint into the control room . frank 330 frank he 's get Jane ! blam ! a bullet ricochet off a girder just inch from Frank 's head . he duck behind a garbage can and fire back . Ed do likewise . * nordberg 330a * bullet zing around he . he jam a clip into he 9 mm pistol . clip on infrared scope . then a longer barrel ... thug 331 firing away , take cover behind a garbage can . frank 332 shoot away . goon 333 shoot . angle 334 Frank and the goon be only three foot apart . * nordberg 334a * attach more stuff to the pistol . it now resemble a m - 60 with a ammo belt thread through . he 's start to mount it on a huge turret . goon 334b * the goon 's gun be out of bullet . he throw he gun at Frank . Frank throw he gun at the goon . they continue to throw gun at each other . revised : 1/25/91 104 . 334 '' ( old sc. 345 ) 334d 335 through 342 343 343a 344 345 346 frank frank cover I ! I be goin ' in ! Frank charge in , firing two gun simultaneously a la butch cassidy . control room door the door be blown away . Frank stop , look behind hin . : omitted franks Pov nordberg , in World War ii helmet , be mount on what now look like a World War ii cannon with crank - style turret and spider 's web sight . frank run to gape hole in control room wall . omitted int . control room Frank burst in firing , leap over a rail , landing ten foot below . he kneel by a wounded goon . the room be quite smoky . frank where 's hapsburg ? the goon scream out in pain . frank ( continue ) where be you hit ? goon # 4 it 's not that . you be on my groin . frank oh , I see. ( take he knee off ) okay , now where be he ?! ( continued ) 334c * 334d * 335 % thru* 342 % 343* 343a * 344 % 345 * 346 . 105 . 346 continued : _ 346 goon # 4 you be too late . hapsburg ... have ... plan " B " ... he cough '' and die . Frank look around . prank who else be almost dead ? a thug raise he hand . prank grab he by the lapel . frank ( continue ) all right , talk ! thug # 2 you be too late , drebin ... frank se already say that . thug # 2 where do he leave off ? prank bapsburg ... have ... plan '' b*... thug # 2 oh yeah ... hapsburg have plan " 3b " in ... control room ... prank which control room -- where ?! talk , you lowlife scum ! thug # 2 gee , if that 's you attitude , forget it . he die . voice ( 0.s. ) this control room , drebin . Drop you gun . prank look up . it 's hapsburg . point a gun at hin . in he other hand he 's hold Jane . her hand be tie behind she . Frank drop he gun . hapsburg I believe you be inquire about plan '' B " . hapsburg step over to a immense computer bank . lot of blink light , switch and a big digital clock be visible . . { continued ) 346 347 347a 348 106 . revise 2/6/91 continued : 346 hapsburg ( continue ) that 's where we detonate this * small nuclear device . * Frank be shocked . he 's think fast . frank it ... see . hapsburg you Dr. meinheimer can talk all he want to . he punch in a bunch of number on the computer . hapsburg ( continue ) no one 's go to be leave alive in this building to hear it . insert - computer display 347 the digital screen come to life and " 10:00 " show on the top display . int . ballroom 3474 hapsburg meinheimer simply improve the fuel efficiency of the average american car by three mile per gallon would eliminate all oil import from Iraq and Kuwait . he punch another button and it start sequence packward . hapsburg the sequence be now set . I be the only one who know the abort code , in exactly ten minute , this building and everyone in it will be reduce to a pile of rubble . l'il be safely on my helicopter . * by this time tomorrow I will be hunt rhino in botswana . what do you think of that , drebin ? ( continued ) see iie beas ; hapsburg , '' enra ' threateningly ~ 107 . revise 2/6/91 . 348 continued : - 348 frank go ahead , threaten I like you have the american people for so leng . but it 's not gonna work anyrore . you be part of a aying preed , hapsburg , like people who can name all fifty atate ! hapsburg cock the gun loudly . bapsburg why you ... frank the truth hurt , do not it , hapsburg ? oh , sure , maybe not as much as jump on a bicycle with * the seat miss , but it hurt . * Frank take a step toward hapsburg . hapsburg that 's as far as you go , drebin . now stand over there . Frank have a trick up he sleeve . frank where ? hapsburg fall for it . he gesture with the gun . the barrel now point away from Frank . hapsburg there . Frank grab the gun . they struggle . Frank come away with the gun .. frank how do it feel now , tough guy ? now get over to that control panel . hapsburg which one ? frank ees that one , ( continued ) ' 348 349 wrinkling he nose at she from a nearby shelf . continued : ( 2 ) revise 2/6/91 : 343 frank fall for it . gesture with the gun . hapsburg jump he . he come away with the gun . he cock it loudly -- again . hapsburg any final request , Lieutenant ? * frank * * yes . can I have the gun back ? hapsburg * oh , no , I be not fall for that * one , drebin . * hapsburg aim the gun at drebin . * angle - nordberg 349 in overhead grid , hold on to rigging rope , poise to swing down . nordberg not so fast ! yawww ! good idea . buta bad ain . nordberg swoops tarzan - style right between Frank and hapsburg . there be a resounding thud as he slam into the back wall . he stick there for a beat . then slowly slide down the wall . the diversion work . Frank knock the gun out of hapsburg 's hand and a fight ensue . excite fight music underscore this knock - down and drag - out punch -out . computer voice detonation will commence in six minute . during the fight , Frank use the groggy nordberg to deflect punch and a bottle throw at he . Frank throw nordberg , a floppy dummy , at hapsburg . hapsburg throw he back . jane in corner , bound and gag , lock on , wide - eye in '' terror . 4 , angle we see what 's ecare she . a little white mouse be weg rapsburg charge Frank . Frank get in a good punch and have hapsbura on he back , out a window . 353 109 . a int . control room - near window Frank 's just witness hapsburg 's maul . he shake he head . frank a million - to - one shot . now we hear all sort of siren and klaxon horn trigger by the computer countdown . Frank rush : over to Jane , unty she . Ed help nordberg to he foot . he start continue frank Jane , be you all right ? jane yes , be you okay ? frank yeah . ( to Ed ) but unless this computer can be disarm in less than five minute , this whole building 's gonna blow . ed oh ny God ! we have get to warn everyone . come on ! frank right ! to follow Ed out the door , while the computer its countdown . ed uh , Frank . you be suppose to disarm the bomb . frank oh , yes . right. ( to Jane , bravely ) Jane , you better go with then . ( continued ) 353 ae 2120 . 353 continued : * 353 jane no , Frank . I be stay here -- _ with 's you . there be a moment -- they gaze at each other . frank and jane love theme play . frank but , Jane ... jane Frank . if you be go to be blow to bit , I want to be here with you . 354 frank 354 not entirely sure he want to be here . ea and nordberg polit out of there . Frank turn to the complicated machinery and pour over it . the screen now read : " four minute . " jane Frank , be there anything I can do ? frank well , if we get out of this alive , you can give I a nice leofah bath ... she pull a paper booklet out of the side of the machine . jane here , I find the instruction booklet . frank good . what do it say ? Frank press button . turn switch . the number sequence continue on screen . nothing be work . jane ( read ) congratulation on you purchase of the acm - 500 dx bomb detonation systen . ( more ) ( continued ) 354 355 356 continued : revise 2/6/91 111. 354 jane ( cont 'd ) you have join thousand of other who have have the confidence in this product , the result of year of extensive research ... frank uh , Jane , we be run out of time here . jane okay , okay . I be try , I be try . all right , lemme see here ... ( read ) uh ... tactical nuclear device ... twenty square block vaporize ... bla bla bla , nuclear winter ... crater a mile deep ... frank Jane ! be there anything there that can help we ?! computer voice the bomb will detonate in three minute . jane oh . here it be . ( read ) to reset detonation code , first press pound sign . Frank do so . a loud honk alarm start . * computer voice per you command , the speed of the sequence have be greatly increase . detonation now in two minute . I would hurry up if I be you . I can not stand * this noise either . x Frank shoot Jane a look -- " Nice go . " omitted 355 int . ballroom . 356 Dr. meinheimer be just finish up he speech . ( continued ) 111 . revised : 1/25/91 ( a ) 356 continued : 356 meinheimer ..- thus , for the price of one B - 1 bomber , we could lower the cost of solar panel by ninety percent . 357 angle - the audience 357 sound asleep . delegate be slouched over , drape over other people 's lap , hang off the back of chair , drool unconsciously , etc . some have be use that airplane blow - up pillow collar , other have roll themselves up in blanket , wear airline sleep blindfold . 358 359 360 361 362 363 112 . angle - door + 358 Ed and nordberg barge in . they be stunne to find everyone asleep . they desperately try to wake they up . ed for God 's sake , wake up . this place be gonna blow ... it 's no use . ' this people be comatose . Ed spot the source of the anesthetic . angle - meinheimer : : 359 meinheimer we . and so I say to all of you , each and every one , if we simply follow this one hundred and six point , not only will the earth be a better place to live in , but we will also finally break the chain that bind we to the slavery of fossil fuel and nuclear nightmare . Ed leap on stage . he snatch Dr. meinheimer 's text 360 fron hin . he reach into he pocket and dig out the paperback he snitch from Le sex shoppe . insert - book cover . 361 " strokin ' the love muffin . " resume - ed and meinheimer 362 ed ( to meinheiner ) here , read this . it 's a emergency ! meinheimer be puzzle , but obey . every crevice of she silken fenininity , they undulate body writhe in a sensual rhythm as he thrust he purple - head warrior into she quivering mound of love pudding . angle - audience 363 the doze mass spring to life . eee ee of 371 . 116 .° continued : 371 jane ( apprehensive ) it 's what you have always want ... congratulation . prank no ... no ... I be afraid I will have to turn down you offer , Mr. President . Jane be surprised . we hear love theme creep in ... Frank now address the whole audience . prank ( continue ) you see , I learn something this week . about the earth and about love . I guess love be like the ozone layer ..- he look at Jane . frank ( continue ) wee you never miss it ' till it 's go . he turn back to the audience . Jane listen in tear . frank ocontinue ) blow away a flee suspect with a forty - four Magnum use to the audience applaud heartily . Jane can not believe what she 's hearing . triumphant music begin under prank 's speech . frank ( continue ) I want a world where Frank Jr. =~ and all the prank junior , can sit under a shade tree , breathe the air , swim in the ocean , and go into a 7 ~ eleven without a interpreter . I want a world where we do not need Ed asner and Valerie harper . a world where I can eat a sea otter without get sick ! ( more ) ( continued ) 3721 372 117 . continued : ( 2 ) . + 371. frank ( cont 'd ) 1 want the Democrats to put sonecn up there I can vote for ! and I want '' people to stop name they kid Jason and Tiffany ! ané most of all , I want to wake up each morning with this woman who I love ! he put he arn around Barbara Bush ... he realize he nistake too late . frank ( continue ) uh ... I be sorry , Mr. President . he turn the other way to Jane , shouting above the cheer crowd . frank ( continue ) a 1 jane qf course I 'l ) marry you ! they embrace . the audience be now in a uproar of thunderous applause . balloon be release , the band strike up " happy day be here again . " High school cheerleader with that convention straw hat and paton come on . in the audience , huge picture appear of Frank along with sign on stick with state name on then . ' prank and Jane hold up they hand together on young bunuel . ext . church - day 372 Frank and Jane exit the church . they be immediately pelt by confetti and rice cake , throw by the joyous throng , include Ed and other Police squader . they * ake they way to the wait electric car , a * just * married " sign on the trunk . *