the fast and . the furious redline aka : racer X written by Gary Scott Thompson revision by Erik bergquist revision by John pogue revision by David ayer d.a. first draft - April 20 , 2000 d.a. Blue revise - May 5 2000 ext . downtown L.A. - 110 freeway - night it slice through a canyon of tall building . hardly any traffic at this time , just heavy hauler . a gasoline tanker , a car carrier , a flatbe with a huge bulldozer . angle on a big rig . the peterbuilt tractor pull a nondescript white container with japanese export seal on its padlock . int . big rig ( moving ) - night humming to country music , a trucker rub weary eye and check the clock : 4:00 am . he reach for a thermos . rage against the machine blare somewhere behind he . startle , he coffee spill . he peer into he mirror . blinding headlight he squint , lift a arm for shade . he hear a performance engine roar , its turbo squealing . look out the window . trucker's Pov he glimpsis he own reflection in the glisten hood of a black on black Honda Civic build for speed . it take off up the freeway and be go , just like that . in the mirror more headlight . blind . vroom ! vroom ! vroom ! Three more trick civics appear like rocket , criss -crossing in front of the truck . the little black car cavort playfully around the semis as they zoom up the freeway . fading in the distance . the trucker suck air through he tooth , unamuse by the deadly antic . trucker stupid damn kid . ext . 110 freeway - night ° we Big rig pass a on-ramp . from which ... the four civic suddenly appear . they engine , music scream . they box in the Big rig as it enter a long tunnel . Blue revision 05/05/2000 2 . int . big rig ( moving ) - night the trucker watch in disbelief as the sunroof of the lead car open and a bandit emerge wear a odd helmet and mask . he raise a speargun . with a finger , the trucker stab the emergency button on he cb radio . trucker I be be jack ! i-5 North at the 110 interchange ! static . there be no signal in the tunnel . int . tunnel - night the bandit shoulder the speargun . aim at the Big rig . thwack-dink ! a spear pierce windshield . barb extend , anchore it . the bandit clip the spear 's cable to the rollcage . the Driver punch the gas . the cable pull teach and the windshield be yank from its frame . it shatter against the highway . the bandit unclip the cable from the rollcage . he load another spear into the gun . thwack-dunk ! the spear slam into the seat next to the Driver . this time the cable clipped to the arrow lead to ... the bandit , climb out the sunroof , revealing a cable reel on he chest . he ride the Civic like a insane surfer . he pull the pin of a chemical grenade in he hand . it smoke furiously . the bandit leap into space ... hit a button -- the winch on he chest ratchet he to the Big rig . the bandit bounce against the grill . int . big rig ( moving ) - night '' trucker watch the bandit hurl the hissing canister through the miss windshield . White smoke fill the cab . the trucker slump . the Big rig swerve wildly . the trailer whip right ... leave ... ( continued ) Blue revision 05/05/2000 3 . continued : nearly jackknife . the bandit climb across the hood , into the cab . about to smash into the ... tunnel wall he maneuver into the driver 's seat . he work the wheel and gear with skill . the Big rig pull away from the wall , straighten out , accelerate . it exit the tunnel and cut a hard right toward a offramp . the bandit give the high sign . the little black car fall in behind like duckling . ext . offramp — night the Big rig move too fast , outside tire scream , it threaten to tip , scraping the steel safety rail . ext . san fernando road - night a lone lapd cruiser screech to a stop at the bottom of the ramp . two cop get out , aim they 9' up the ramp . the Big rig 's engine howl . its airhorn blow in warning . the two cop trade look , dive out of the way as ... whim the cruiser be smashed backwards into a bus stop shelter with a collision repair advertisement . the rig barely manage the turn . follow by the four civics . : a cop scream into he radio . sees the civics have no plate . two police cruiser slide sideways onto the empty road , heavy duty v8 's growling . the civics simultaneously scatter down four different sidestroke . the two cruiser focus on the Big rig , a good distance ahead . int . big rig ( moving ) - night ° it pull off San Fernando , down a side street , head for a the old warehouse along the L.A. River . the Big rig smashes through a metal gate . headlights hit a warehouse 's wall -- find large wooden door as the Big rig swerve . crash through the door . 10 12 13 13a 13b 13c 14 14a Blue revision 05/05/2000 4. omitted 10 thru : omitted 12 ext . warehouse - night . 13 the Big rig cross the parking lot , head for the l.a . River . it flatten a chainlink fence , cross a service road , and punch through a second chainlink fence . ext . L.A. river - night 13a the Big rig careen down a embankment . a helicopter arrive and hit it with the nightsun . the Big rig roll down the cement channel , precarious , out of control . int . police car - cop Pov - night the shattered door be now a ugly pile of wood . the cop car swerve , follow the side of the warehouse . pass though flatten fence . now cruise the service road . ext . service road - night 13b it run parallel to the river . the two cop car Zoom up the road , follow the Big rig in the riverbed below . to they amazement , it head right for a forest of concrete column support a large bridge . ext . bridge - night 13 c the Big rig collide with a huge unyield column . the cab be crumpled . no one could have survive . the , two cop car come roll down the embankment . ext . far end of the warehouse ~- night 14 a door open . the steal Big rig emerge . . the door close . crane through the Big rig 's exhaust into : int . warehouse - night 14a the trucker be pass out on a pile of scrap cardboard . 14b 15 16 17 18 Blue revision 05/05/2000 5 : ext . bridge ~ night 14b a cop approach the smashed cab , gun draw . he pull at the crumble door . a body fall out --- not a body , a cpr dummy . the cop peer in the cab , sees a cinderblock on the gas’ pedal . another cop shine he light inside the open door of the shipping container -- it 's empty . CUT to : omitted 15 int . toyota supra - dawn 16 a high - tech beast , its engine grumble angrily . at the wheel be brian , early 20' , good look , athletic , a golden boy . he play he intense eye over a bank of gauge and readout . pure confidence as he flip switch , he press button on the turbo control . the readout beeps , count down from 10 . he open a door atop the gearshift , expose a red button . Brian lean forward , expectant . brian ten second quarter mile ... Orange cone ahead mark the finish . ext . dodger stadium parking lot - dawn 17 a empty concrete sea . the bright green supra with Arizona plate be poise to pounce , a massive intercooler replace the front bumper . int . toyota supra ( moving ) - dawn 18 2 ... 1 ... Zero . Brian stomp the gas , hit the little red button . the engine scream . the turbine howl . 1st gear , clutch up . the rear tire spin , smoke . the supra shimmy a beat , then ... . ° vroom ! the car rocket forward . Brian shift , 2nd gear , struggle for control , fishtail . 3rd gear . the car hit 9o0mph . ' then , the front end begin to float then ... Brian misfit , gear grind . the car spin out , corkscrew across the parking lot . the world outside rotate a few time . the car stop . the engine backfire and stall . ( continued ) 18 19 20 Blue revision 05/05/2000 6 . continued : ' 18 frustrate , Brian sigh , sit in silence a beat . this car scare he and that pass he off . he check he watch . brian »..shit ... he start the car and cautiously pilot it to the exit . CUT to : ext . harry pro shop - day 19 a performance racing part store . Brian 's supra pull up . he get out and cross to the entrance , int . harry pro shop - day 20 it 's a high tech , otherworldly gallery of exotic racing and performance part ; turbos , exhaust , rim . gleaming gage and winking dash computer . harry , the proprietor , a tough older black guy , sit on a stool fill out shipping label . the cuff of he dicky have ride above boot top to reveal a prosthetic leg . he look up at Brian , give he a angry stare . harry what now ? Brian rub two finger together -- money . Harry cross he arm . harry ( cont'd I do not like you very much . brian do not have to like I . you just have to listen to I . Harry grudgingly hit the no sale key and give Brian a twenty from the register . brian ( cont 'd ) I be go over there . what do you want on you sandwich ? harry they know . good luck . Brian give he a look and grab Harry 's key off the counter . Harry watch he cross and exit the front door . CUT to : 208 21 Blue revision 05/05/2000 7. ext . neighborhood STREET - day 20 a a pick - up with harry pro shop emblazon on the door be park under some shade tree . Brian sit behind the wheel with the sport page . he 's watch : toretto's lunch counter , a small sandwich shop a half block away . a customer exit . a lone figure behind the counter . CUT to : int . toretto's lunch counter - day 21 airbrush race car and submarine sandwich on the wall , all unbelievably lifelike . mia toretto , Brian 's age , slice a beefsteak . tomato with practice precision . a stunner , she look up with warm eye . what mia sees Harry 's pick - up park and Brian exit . scene Brian enter , cross to the counter and turn on the charm , he seem entirely disingenuous and sincere . brian hi , Harry send I . he say you know what he like . mia corn beef on a french roll with extra mustard . do you know what you like ? a beat as Brian check she out . brian probably be not on the menu . mia probably not . but we sandwich be good . brian < gimme a sub with everything . Brian hand she the twenty . look at photo on the wall as she make change . insert photo of race car , track scene , several feature doug toretto , a square jaw racer pose with he race car . ( continued ) 21 Blue revision 05/05/2000 8. continued : ' 21 on the adjacent wall , there 's a life size painting of Doug , helmet underarm , a race win smile . Brian nod at it . brian ( cont 'd ) Nice . who paint it ? mia me. Brian impressed . Mia beam . brian guess talent run in you family . Mia look at Brian . she know what he 's go to say next . brian ( cont 'd ) how 's a guy get a shot racing dominic ? Mia look at he , disappointed he 's like all the rest . she slap the change in he hand . Mia begin make the order . Brian look at the coffee in Mia 's mug . it ripple with vibration . something be approach . rumbling . behind brian four car streak past the window . they turbos whine , waste gate hiss . Brian turn in time to see they dust . the noise fade . brian ( cont 'd ) that 's what I be talk about . when he turn back to Mia , she have a cagey little grin . mia where you from ? brian Tucson . mia Desert dweller . you a ' neck ? brian no. I 'mme . I be my own thing . mia one of a kind . work for Harry ? Brian nod : yes . Mia feel for he . mia ( cont 'd ) Bet he 's busting you ass . ( continued ) 21 21a 21b Blue revision 05/05/2000 9 . continued : ( 2 ) ; 21 brian be there three day , I hope he 's just testing I . mia no , it will not let up . Brian sag with mock weariness . in b.g. unnotice to Brian and Mia , a bright yellow Civic glide to a silent powerless stop behind Harry 's pick -up . int . vince's civic - day 21a the driver , vince , be a tough customer in a wife beater , he shave head pepper with fight scar . tatted and rip , Vince be a intimidator . his sidekick , jesse , lanky and baby -face , a wry instigator , type on a laptop plugge into the car 's cpu . jesse check it out , vee . see this hole and peak ? that 's why you unload in third . I lengthen injector pulse another millisec , tune the nos timer and you will bust ten . watch , I will ask Harry . Vince sees that it be not Harry talk to Mia . vince that be not Harry . int . toretto's lunch counter ~ day 21b Mia wrap two sandwich in wax paper . mia I be sure you get big dream and all , but racing in LA 's for keep . Brian be pure confidence . brian you have not see my car . : mia make sure you have good shoe . it 's a long walk back to Arizona . then she sees Vince watch and become serious . Brian note the change , follow she eyeline to the yellow Civic outside and react . Mia hand he a takeout bag . brian see you tonight . ( continued ) 21b 22 23 Blue revision 05/05/2000 10 . continued : : 21b Mia have a secret little grin . mia no , you will not . as Brian cross to exit , he look back and exchange smile with Mia . int . vince's civic - day 22 Vince do not like see that . vince wassup with this fool ? prettyboy 's in there think he 's rack up number . jesse if he 's drive that truck , Harry 's get he sweeping floor or something . vince then he should know . gotta be punish for he ignorance . jesse kick he ass . the look Vince give jesse say , " good idea . " ext . toretto's lunch counter - day 23 a iridescent blue celica gt and a magenta eclipse , with subtle yet trippy flower graphic , park across the street . from the celica emerge leon , tall , half black , cocky . letty , exit she eclipse , a cute young latina who get she thrill from racing . they lean against they car and trade know look . letty what would you do if vee want to get down with you ? leon . ( deadpan ) ° shoot he . on the front door Brian exit . and Vince be out of he car like a shot , step quickly around it to -- -- bump shoulder with Brian . ( continued ) 23 23a 24 . 25 25 a 25b Blue revision 05/05/2000 11 . continued : 23 brian ' scuse I , bro . vince I be not you bro . int . toretto's lunch counter ~ day 23a Mia sees what be go down , slam the talk button on a intercom . mia dom , get over here . Vince be gonna kick some guy 's ass . int . toretto's lunch counter ~ back room ~ day 24 dominic toretto sit at a table eat a bowl of soup . filthy , grease cover , he sit on newspaper . study a video of a illegal drag race . engross , learn . ext . toretto's lunch counter - day . 25 Brian do not want to fight Vince . brian be cool , man . Vince shove Brian back a step . vince do not tell I what to do . I be not you bitch -- -- wham ! Brian nail he with a uppercut , clacking Vince 's tooth together . Vince throw a strong series of punch . Brian block what he can , take the rest . wait for a open , Brian kick Vince 's groin , kick he knee , and toss he to the ground in one reactive blitz . int . toretto's lunch counter - day 25a Mia hit the intercom again . - mia Vince be get he ass kick ! int . toretto's lunch counter - back room - day 25b that get dominic 's attention . he get up -- big guy . follow he through the back kitchen , through a curtain . a pistol tuck into the small of he back . ( continued ) 25 B 26 Blue revision 05/05/2000 12 . continued : 25b what dominic sees Brian twist Vince 's arm like bubblegum , Vince in submission . scene dominic trade amaze look with Mia , Vince never get whupped . dominic «shit ... he hop the counter , one hand leave a greasy print . the other grab the snubbe .38 in he belt . mia do not you shoot anyone ! ext . toretto's lunch counter - day 26 Brian grind he sketcher on Vince 's neck . Leon and letty come run to Vince 's aid . dominic explode from the shop -- -- charge Brian and pistolwhip he . crack ! Brian drop to the ground . stun , see star . blood trickle from behind he ear . Vince straggle to he foot . dominic you crazy , kick he ass ? I be the only one who can kick he ass . Vince give dominic a wounded look . brian he be in my face . dominic I be in you face . dominic and Brian trade strong - will glare . dominic give Vince a nod , he grab Brian 's wallet . open it , show dominic . insert - brian arizona driver license Brian stand , woozy . dominic take the wallet from Vince . dominic ( cont 'd ) Brian Earl spiller . serial killer name . he throw it back hard at Brian , who fumble to catch it . ( continued ) 26 27 Blue revision 05/05/2000 13 . continued : ' 26 . dominic ( cont 'd ) do not come around here ever again . brian I work around here . dominic for Harry ? no , I will call he , you be fire . do not come back . you do , you be stupid . serious ass shit . Brian wipe trickle blood from he neck . Brian glance at Mia . who though unhappy for Brian , know dominic always triumph . Brian think different . fix dominic with a look , intense and hopeful . brian I and you , quarter mile . how about it ? dominic laugh . Vince , jesse , Leon , letty grin at Brian 's expense ; just another small town kid with big city dream . dominic do not talk to I again . Brian frown . dominic cross to the shop , herding Mia inside . Brian look down , sees the sandwich have be crush in the melee . brian you owe I some food . dominic hook he up , Mia . dominic lock eye with Brian . the intensity of he stare give Brian a chill . dominic enter the shop . follow by Vince , and Leon . letty give Brian a long hungry look , disappear inside . jesse , last , give Brian a haughty look . jesse you gotta earn the right to race the dominator . . Brian snarl . spook jesse . CUT to : int . harry pro shop ~- day 27 Harry devour a fresh sandwich as Brian ice he head . Harry be delighted Brian get he comeuppance . ( continued ) 27 28 31 31a Blue revision 05/05/2000 14 . continued : ' 27 harry you be mess with my business . dominic pay my rent . he 's my best customer , my best advertiser . every time he race , bunch 'a kid come in want what he 's get . he call and want I to fire you . over there five minute and get you head split . what be you gonna do now ? Brian look away . purse he lip . think . CUT to : omitted 28 thru : ~ omitted 31 ext . victory boulevard ~ day 31a Harry 's pick - up cruise down the street , Brian behind the wheel , pensive . ' a unmarked with two plainclothes pull up behind he . it whoops the siren . Red and blue flash behind the grill . Brian react . pull over . the driver exit , this be sergeant tanner , older , crusty . he approach , Brian notice the bump on he head . Brian smile , innocent . brian what 's the problem ? tanner who thumped you ? brian Jack handle fall on I . tanner you have to come in . they hit this morning . four black civics . ship container from Japan . dvd . playstation . notebook computevs . insure for a million seven . the boss want to see you . see you there . a beat . tanner pause , he can tell something be wrong . tanner return to he unmark . Brian look worried . CUT to : 31b 32 33 Blue revision 05/05/2000 15 . ext . hollywood mansion - day 31b the pick - up pull into the garage of a monstrous home high in the Hollywood Hills . int . war room - day 32 set up in the live room of this palatial home . evidence seal be tape all over the door . there 's no furniture , take out food container everywhere . a bank of monitor show caltran traffic camera view throughout L.A. Brian enter with the same confidence he bring to the sandwich shop . the watch officer , a heavy desk jockey in docker , eye a freeze burrito in the microwave . he give Brian a warm smile . watch officer you nail this piece of shit . we be count on you . brian they do not know what they be in for , sir . waddaya think of this place ? watch officer I should '’a be a druglord . Brian grin and climb the massive staircase . he stop at a tall door with a hand lettere sign : stracpro saic bilkin -- and under that : the lion' den CUT to : int . bilkin ' office - day 33 set up in a ornately tasteless bedroom . on the wall a photo chart be label : illegal racing team there 's black team , asian team , chicano team . name and face we will see again . and there 's a mugshot of dominic , photo of vince , jesse , letty and leon , and even Mia , she photo obviously take from quite a distance . there be chart and graph , teacher comment from preschool , this be scientific crimefighting at its best . tanner and muse , a young plainclothes , sit before the boss ' desk . angle on special agent bilkin a young , really laid back triathlete and ruthless bureaucrat in sporty casual . they be wait for : Brian , who enter and light up the roon ( continued ) 33 Blue revision 05/05/2000 16 . continued : ' 33 bilkin Brian , want a Coke or water or anything ? brian I be good , Bob . thanks . bilkin you guy okay ? tea or something ? tanner and muse be fine . bilkin smile at Brian . bilkin ( cont 'd ) gentlemen , we be big time . I must have have fifty call today . a lot of very important people have they eye on we . hate to ride you back , Officer o'conner , but you be we best shot . let 's get the brief . Brian stand , cross to the wall of photo . he angrily stare at the picture of dominic . jam he finger in dominic 's face . brian have my first contact with toretto today . it go well , I be sure I can get to he . bilkin think it 's he people ? brian six , they be thug . they lack the sophistication . bilkin why focus there ? Brian look at Mia 's picture and soften a notch . he have to go back . somehow . brian if the dominator 's not pop this truck , he know who be . Brian gesture sweepingly at the mosaic of mugshot . brian ( cont 'd ) this world revolve around he . this peckerneck worship he , he 's never lose a race . Race Wars be happen in a week . it 's the " Burning man " of illegal racing . ( more ) ( continued ) 33 continued : he tap Mia Brian beam Blue revision 05/05/2000 17 . ( 2 ) ' 33 brian ( cont 'd ) we know we suspect be deep in the scene as evidence by they vehicle and skill , right ? they will be at Race Wars . to beat dominic toretto , King of the quarter mile . I will be there too , because after the racing 's do and everyone 's rave on ecstasy , we suspect will have a big criminal buddy hug and brag about how bad they be . when they will open they mouth , I will hear they . tanner Race Wars , huh ? San bernardino sheriff be try to get in there three year run . how you gonna find the thing , bri ? they do not exactly put up poster . 's photo . brian I be go to work the sister . she will know . tanner Harry Jackson cooperate ? brian man have no choice . he 's be a outstanding resource . he inform I toretto 's racing tonight at the L.A. coliseum . I will be there . tanner you be not racing . whack some family in a minivan and the city 's ass be . wide open for a huge payout . hear I ? brian loud and clear , sergeant . bilkin I be leery put a greenhorn undercover , but you be soldier well out there . I never have the priwilege to meet you father , but I be sure he would be quite proud of you . tanner amen to that . , he nod a heartfelt thank you . CUT to : 33A 34 Blue revision 05/05/2000 18 . int . garage - day 33A Brian unlock Harry 's pick -up . tanner approach . tanner hold up , o'conner . . Brian pause . tanner ( cont 'd ) you can not do you job with hand tie behind you back , sometimes it 's easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission , do what you have to tonight , but remember , that 's a eighty thousand dollar car and we have to return it without a scratch . brian ( grin gratefully ) I will use my best judgement . tanner I know you will . tanner look at Brian , there be a strong connection between this two . tanner ( cont 'd ) I worry about you . toretto 's a psycho , beat a guy half to death and all . I could not take it if you take a bullet in the back of the head . a beat , Brian darken , intense . brian that will never happen to I . never . tanner look at Brian , with more to say . but he just clap Brian on the shoulder and nod for he to go . CUT to : ext . downtown L.A. - aerial shot ~ night 34 '' limp bizkit pump . the city below wear a beautiful suit of light . below , the coliseum draw car headlight like moth to a flame . cuT to : 35 36 Blue revision 05/05/2000 19 . int . brian supra ( moving ) - night 35 Rolling slow , the Alpine thumping . Brian , jotting license number , hide he lapd radio under the seat . a couple miniskirt wipe frame , make Brian smile . wide to : ext . exposition boulevard - night 36 this be what it 's all about ; cruise . LA 's tribe bring together by they car . chicanos , asian , whiteboy , black . Brian be in a slow move line of awesome car . low rider . plush Humvees . pimp daddy mercede and beemer . and of course , street racer in a rainbow of intense color . Brian pass a park lowrider , brim with hot girl as two homie play videogame on a build - in console . Brian get lot of smile from the chica . as a dozen different bassline thump . Brian pull into a huge parking lot where racer gather . his green supra get lot of stare and nod . Brian park , get out of the car , sit on the hood . hector silva approach he . shave head , a tattoo on he neck . built like a fireplug . he check out the supra . hector sweet ride . Big ass intercooler . what ' cha run under there ? Brian give hector a look . Nice try . hector smile . hector ( cont 'd ) gotta find out the hard way , huh ? Brian nod : yes . they tap fist . hector ( cont 'd ) hector . brian Brian . : ° hector point at he car , a vicious look acura integra . two of he homie stand there , look bad . they lowrider caddy repose in b.g . hector Quarter mile . thousand bone . ( continued ) Blue revision 05/05/2000 20 . 36 continued : . 36 brian no , man I can not . hector why you out here then ? brian wait for the dominator . hector gesture at a japanese team gather around a Black Civic . a black team be busy preen a gold 66 chevelle . hector get in line , and know that homeboy will not race for less than you car . brian I know the stake . whose Civic ? hector Danny yamato 's , go light speed . he 's the cat with the fine - ass hottie . bruthas be run a supercharged 327 . Old school chevy be more play out than stairway to Heaven . sadness . ( eyeing the supra ) maybe you get it . luck , dude . hector cross back to he Z. Brian have he eye on the japanese . danny yamato , the boss , look sharp in a knit versace shirt , he arm drape around he exquisite girlfriend . a approach engine growls ferociously . head swivel , find : dominic Rolling up in a fiery red Mazda rx7 . it be one scary vehicle . dominic get out , as intimidating as he car . adlib of girl shout he name . he 's popular . brian Pov Mia step out of dominic 's rx7 . she sees Brian . react , scene Brian and Mia trade smile . Vince pull up with jesse . then letty 's eclipse and Leon 's celica . everyone get out and gather , Mia with they . Leon have a scanner , listen to the police dispatcher . Danny yamato and edwin bishop , jailhouse big , cross to dominic , shake . ( continued ) 36 Blue revision 05/05/2000 2i. continued : ( 2 } 36 edwin how we do this ? jesse begin taping dominic 's hand with cloth tape . dominic nod for hector . dominic winner get both loser ' car . no second best . hector 's go to hold the title . Vince hand dominic 's dmv pinkslip to hector . Edwin cast a confident glance at he chevelle . fork he over . then Danny yamato give he up . a third title arizona emblazon on it be laid in hector 's hand . wider Brian have join they . brian add mine to the kitty . the crowd be watch Brian . Mia too , secretly thrilled . Vince and Leon be ready to jump Brian . as be the Black and japanese team . dominic glaring at Brian , unaccustom to disobedience . Edwin give Brian a disdainful once over . edwin we all here ' cause we somebody . jesse can not just climb in the ring with holyfield ' cause you think you box . brian I lese , I be go . I win ... Brian smile . dominic do not . a beat . Danny and Edwin wait on dominic , it 's he call . dominic pop the hood . a beat as Brian consider it . then Brian agree , cross to he car . dominic give jesse a look , together they follow Brian . jesse let 's see how they do it in Arizona . who build it ? ( continued ) 36 37 38 Blue revision 05/05/2000 22 . continued : ( 3 ) i 36 brian my cousin and I . Brian open he hood . wow . it look like something out of a spaceship . jesse react , admiringly do the math . jesse one point eight bar of boost . twin turbo , nitrous , eight fifty CC injector , greddy exhaust . hks intercooler and megaflow . Racing wastegate . type R blowoff . you know it 's ported and polished with hks cam . lotta R and D in there . 600 plus horse at the wheel . you wish you buiit this . I wish I build this . dominic silence jesse with a look . dominic , pokerface , measure Brian with pierce eye . then : dominic you be in . let 's go . Brian smile . letty witness a exchange of look between he and Mia . letty cross to Brian 's supra as he get in . something surprisingly innocent and awkward about she . letty thing 's go bad for you , I can givé you a ride home . brian Home 's awful far . letty mine 's not . she smile . Brian smile , get in he car . Mia , hitching a ride with Leon , stare dagger at letty . dominic , get into he Mazda , do not miss the drama . curt to : ext . downtown L.A. ~- night 37 engine in scream in the night . dominic lead the way . follow by Edwin 's chevelle , Danny 's Civic and Brian 's supra . the team caravan after they , and a long line of sexy spectator car . CUT to : int . brian supra . ( moving ) - night 38 Brian be thrilled . he look over and react . ( continued ) 38 39 40 41 42 Blue revision 05/05/2000 23 . continued : 38 what he sees vince 's Civic drive alongside . jesse and Vince stare . scene Brian look back coolly . and gun it . pull ahead and get on dominic 's tail . who turn onto a boulevard . the caravan follow . ext . racing boulevard - starting line - night 39 dominic suddenly stop . screeching to a halt . Edwin stop , align he bumper with dominic 's . Danny too . Brian get the picture , stop too late . int . brian be car ( moving ) - night 40 Brian back up to the other . up ahead a dozen Cars fan out with practice choreography as they stake out a drag strip , block sidestreet , oncoming lane . they driver coordinate on nextel phone . spectator car Park on the roadside . a quarter mile 's worth . a lowrider caddie stop , the driver hop out and spraypaint a finish line . Leon pull up , Mia in he passenger seat . the starting line hector arrive , get out and stand between the wait racer . int . edwine chevelle ~- night 41 Edwin can not lose . bead of sweat on he forehead . his engine snap and pop hungrily . he look over at Danny yamato and grin . . - edwin get rice ? int . danny's civic - night 42 Danny grin back at Edwin . danny get ball ? ( continued ) 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 Blue revision 05/05/2000 24 , continued : , he tighten the fourpoint harness , lock he into the recaro seat . the interior be stripped , a big nitrous tank where a rear seat should be . he reach back , open the tank 's nitrous valve . int . brian supra - night Brian check he watch . nervous . mouth dry . look over at dominic . what brian sees dominic stare back with piteous disregard . Brian be a nuisance to be dismiss . scene Brian steel himself , he 's make a decision . brian screw it . I be beat he . he look over he gauge and readout . Brian begin punch button . his turbo controller beeps . he start the racing program on the dash computer . int . dominic be car ~ night a handmade interior with a experimental feel . dominic put in tiny earphone . click play on the mp3 player in he pocket . music blast in he ear . he check he computer . Hit some button . give hector a nod . cool . ext . racing boulevard - starting line - night hector slowly raise both arm . intercut - the four driver make the same move . left hand grab steering wheel . left feet step on clutches . right hand grab gearshift . right feet light on the gas . four tach blipping around 2000rpm . hector' arm drop. engine scream . the four floor it . clutch up . tire spin and catch . Three car surge forward . brian supra spin tire . lose traction be lose time . he clutches correctly and take off . 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 Si 52 Blue revision 05/05/2000 25 . int . brian supra ( moving ) - night 4g rpm climb . the turbo whine . the shiftlight . off the throttle . rpm drop . the bypass hiss . clutch . 2nd gear . throttle . rpm climb . 50mph . stage one nitro -- --a solenoid click open . nitrous flood the intake manifold -- boom ! add another 100 horsepower . Brian be slam into he seat . rpm climb ... the shiftlight . off the throttle -- clutch in -- 3rd gear ~- clutch out . throttle . faster and faster . 80mph . the car shaking . again , the shiftlight . off the throttle -- clutch -- 4th gear , clutch pedal up . stomp the gas . 100mph the car shudder violently make Brian 's tooth chatter . brian Pov jittering chaos . warning light . redline gage . shrill alarm . smoke fill the car . the engine strain . ext . racing boulevard - night 50 dominic in the lead . Edwin close behind . then Danny . Brian gain , he exhaust shoot flame . int . edwine chevelle ( moving ) - night sl Brian pass he . edwin nooooo ! int . dominic be car ( moving ) - night 52 dominic shifting , precise , mechanical . 100mph . wait for the perfect moment . the music in he ear near crescendo . dominic hit the nitrous . stun acceleration . dominic be fov . . smooth sailing , a beautiful slo mo waltz to Brian 's frantic jitterbug . the road ahead invite and open . his engine howl its control war cry . in he rearview be Brian 's supra . a neon specter right on he bumper . 53 54 55 56 57 Blue revision 05/05/2000 26 . int . brian car ( moving ) - night 53 pass 119mph . a scary rattling . Brian pulis alongside dominic 's rx7 . the world outside a blur . the wind whistle into the car . the gage mount on the window pillar pop off . more smoke . wire in the dash short -- SPARKS . two bolt pop off the floor plate . hit the roof by Brian 's head . he keep go . impend disaster . int . dominic be car ( moving ) - night 54 dominic drive with Zen precision . the harmony of man and machine . he cast a almost lazy glance at Brian 's bright green supra alongside . a beat of eye contact . dominic throw it into 5th gear -- the computer hit the nitrous . vroom ! the finish line ahead 55 dominic nose ahead of Brian . Edwin be a couple length behind . then Danny . int . brian car ( moving ) - night 56 shiftlight . Brian slam it into 5th . his computer light off stage three nitrous -- the car shudder . 135mph . Brian crush the wheel in he hand . the speedometer climb . Brian nose to nose with dominic . his car want to tear itself to piece , there 's the finish line . Brian and dominic dead even . then Brian pull ahead . by a inch . ext . racing boulevard - finish line - night 57 a laser beam shoot from curb to curb , a timing device . hector 's homeboy videotape the approach car . Yards to go . dominic seem to will he car forward , squeezing out every last horse . ° it 's close . 149mph . dominic take the lead . by a hair . dominic 's front bumper break the laser beam . he win . Brian lag by a few thousandth of a second . several car length behind , Edwin cross the line , then ' Danny a split second later . 58 59 Blue revision 05/05/2000 27 . int . brian car ( moving ) - night Brian throw it in neutral , stomp the brake pedal . the screech of heavy duty brake . the car slow quickly . shaking and rattling . Brian try to keep it straight . the speedometer fall fast . Brian let out a whoop ! his eye be wild , hair tussle . a mad grin . Brian have be strike by emotional lightning . he like racing . ext . boulevard - finish line - night the racer slow , do U - turn and return to the finish . the car , tire be hot .. Brian 's supra smoke . spectator rush forward . the three racer . get out of they car . hector pull up in he integra . get out . hand the title to dominic . who casually fold they , tuck they in a pocket , never expect any other outcome . dominic sees Brian lean against the supra . grinning like a idiot , high on adrenaline and danger . dominic why the smile ? you lose . Brian spit blood , he bit he tongue . Mia give Brian a impressed nod . dominic look at Brian , measure he anew as he unwind tape from he hand . brian I have you . dominic you never have I . you never have you car . over clutching , watch the shiftlight , not double foot like you should . lucky that final nos boost do not blow the weld on the intake . dominic nod at jesse , who squat beside the supra look for fluid leak , angry about its mistreatment , he give Brian a look . ° dominic ( cont 'd ) I and the mad scientist gotta rip apart the block and swap out the bearing you smoke . ( eye Brian ) do not matter if you win by a inch or amile . win 's win . I use just enough to get I there . ( more ) - ( continued ) 58 59 59 60 61 Blue revision 05/05/2000 28 . continued : ' 59 dominic ( cont 'd ) you get school . learn you lesson and go home . dominic walk away . Brian can not help but to be impressed . Brian look to Mia . both sadden it can not be different . Mia look away . letty feel Brian 's pain , she motion he over . then Vince crumple a dollar and drop it at Brian 's foot . vince here 's you bus money . laugh . the other team , the spectator , watch Brian . adlib of " punk , " and " fool . " never more the outsider than now , Brian 's anger boil , he know he screw up big . watch hector hand dominic the title . suddenly from hector 's nextel : filter voice cop ! cop ! cop ! hector cop ! cop ! cop ! spectator scramble as shout echo the warning . approach siren 0.s. dominic dive in he rx7 . shout to he fellow racer : dominic you know where to bring my car ! screech ! he split . Brian sees Mia , then lose sight of she in the pandemonium . the sound of a helicopter , a searchlight sweep the street from high above . Cars scatter like cockroach . Brian unsure , then he jump in the supra and peel out after dominic . flash light as six black and white roar onto the boulevard . CUT to : int . dominic be car ( moving ) - night 60 he make a sharp right onto a major street . '' and another sharp right , into a -- int . parking garage - night 61 under a small building full of doctor 's office . the red rx7 corkscrews down . find a space by the stairwell . dominic exit with a car cover , heave it over he baby . CUT to : 62 63 64 65 Blue revision 05/05/2000 29 . ext . medical build - night 62 dominic exit the stairwell . walk along , he hand in he pocket . Mr. innocent as he stroll toward the mta subway entrance down the block . a cop car in a big hurry blast right past he . dominic feel like the cat that eat the canary . until he hear two growling cop v8 's behind he , chirping tire . open door . cop loudspeaker put you hand up ! show you hand ! dominic run for it . two cop exit the subway on foot . there 's a alley . dominic sprint into it . headlight approach they be blind . trapped , dominic squint into they . and hear : brian voice c'mon ! get in ! hurry up ! Brian do not have to ask twice . dominic run to the supra . int . brian supra ( moving ) - night 63 dominic hop in the passenger seat . dominic go ! before they block we in ! Brian have a impish grin as he punch the gas . a cruiser stop in front of the supra . blocked , Brian throw it in reverse , peel out backwards down the alley . ext . alley entrance - night 64 another cruiser Blocks this end . the supra brake , skid backwards . closer to the cruiser , about to t-bone it . '' Brian whip the wheel , turn backwards onto the sidewalk . he clear the cruiser . throw it in lst and mash the gas . the supra take off and accelerate up the street . int . brian supra ( moving ) - night 65 no time to relax . he turn leave on a small street . ( continued ) 65 66 67 Blue revision 05/05/2000 30 . continued : ' 65 make a sharp turn into a driveway . cut through the block , turn right onto WASHINGTON boulevard . brian Pov two police cruiser slide sideways into he rearview . scene Brian yank the handbrake , jerk the wheel . the world outside rotate as he do a 180 . Brian 's car roll backwards . ist gear . he stomp the throttle -- his tire spin , smoke ~~ stop he car and shoot it forward . but now face the two cruiser . they be come right at he , travel abreast . dominic react . Brian do not flinch . he throw it in 3rd , stomp the go juice and go . the supra thread the needle , barely slip between the two police car . dominic give Brian a look -- well do . Brian floor it and sail up the road . he be go before the cruiser can turn around . dominic watch the sky . dominic we gotta spoof the helicopter . kill you light and stay on the sidestreet . Brian kill he light . omitted 66 int . brian supra ( moving ) - night 67 they be safely in Long Beach . refinery and oil storage tank line the lonely industrial road they travel . brian snatch you from the jaw of the man . dominic you save .my ass . I already do two year in lompoc . I be not go back . I owe you one . you get serious sack , my friend . they clasp hand . Brian smile . because he know he 's finally get to dominic . brian can I keep my car ? ( continued ) Blue revision 05/05/2000 31 . 67 continued : ' 67 dominic I be grateful , not stupid . there be a ominous rumbling in the distance . grow louder . Brian and dominic trade look . 68 ext . industrial road - night 68 the supra be surround by something out of a manga cartoon ; six hurricane motorcycle with wick graphic . the rider be in nice designer casual . 69 int . brian supra ( moving ) - night 69 they box he in , force he to slow . the rider alongside Brian 's window aim a Mac - 11 machine pistol with a sound suppressor screw on the barrel . Brian . weigh he option . dominic stop , man . this fool do not play . Brian reluctantly stop . 70 ext . industrial road - night . 70 the rider dismount and remove they helmet . vietnamese with bleach blonde spike hair . they surround the car . Brian and dominic show they hand . lance nguyen , with the mac- 11 , hold it discretely inside he helmet . . lance get out unless you want to get blast . Brian and dominic get out . a new crimson mustang speed toward they , make a dramatic entrance . a strike asian girl in the passenger seat . out step lance 's boss , pete tran , in a $ 500 shirt , platinum jewelry . a regally impose class act with a scowl . he cross to dominic . with a 40 ounce beer in a bag . pete why be you down here , toretto ? | dominic wassup , Pete ? gonna give I a shot at that ' stang ? pete no . you cheat . ( continued ) 70 Blue revision 05/05/2000 32 . continued : 70 dominic I never cheat no one in a drag . not my fault you bring you little sister 's bigwheel to a man 's race . Brian look at dominic like he 's crazy . so be Pete . pete food for think . you be not from Long Beach , yet here you be talk shit . ( to Brian ) that you ride ? brian it be . it 's he . dominic look at the bottle in Pete 's hand . dominic no , it 's not . I have not take delivery . pete then it 's nobody 's car ? somebody put a lot of work in this . lot of time . what to you think , lance ? lance it 's a amazing machine . pete Nice ride , right ? look at this curve , beautiful . somebody love this car . difficult to believe it 's nobody 's car . he give lance a nod . lance grin . bzzz22z2z2z22ddddddt ~~ the high rate machine pistol sound like a rip canvas . bullet punch into the supra . Glass shatter . lance pour hot shellcasings from he helmet into a compartment on he bike . snap a fresh mag into the Mac . Pete heave the forty into the car , it shatter on the nitrous tank . fume swirl like a heat mirage . Pete light a cigarette with a matchbook . he let the whole book ignite . Brian wrinkle he nose . smell gasoline . brain do not do it . do not fry it . ( continued ) 70 71 t1a Blue revision 05/05/2000 33 . continued : ( 2 ) ; 70 Brian can not move with lance on the Mac . Pete toss the matchbook inside . whoomp ! everyone step back from the burn supra . Pete and he team laugh as flame reach skyward . pete do not come screwing around . you have no business here . Pete get in he mustang . his team climb on they bike and take off . Brian and dominic watch the supra as it burn like a blast furnace . they trade look , and run for it . the gasket to the nitrous tank melt -- ka-thoomp ! the tank detonate , blow the carbon fiber body panel off like paper , shatter the frame . a jag piece of rollcage sizzle past Brian 's head . when the worst be over , Brian and dominic dare look back . a burn tire roll toward they pathetically . they trade look and walk away . the two silhouett by flame . cur to : ext . toretto house - night 71 modest . work class . Big tree in the front yard . the team 's car park on bare oil-stain dirt . a light on in the second storey window . int . mia' studio - night 71a candle , incense , trippy music . Wild painting cover the wall , planet and sun and chrome nude caress in a void of star . with a airbrush stylus in she steady hand , Mia add highlight to a canvas of sensuously amorphous feminine curve . she hear a car pull up . look out the window . what mia sees - dominic and Brian exit a goofy yellow taxi . scene ( continued ) t1a 72 Blue revision 05/05/2000 34 . continued : ' tia Mia do a doubletake -- yes , it 's Brian . the smile that bloom on she face say everything . she return to she painting . surprise to discover she hand be now tremble . CUT to : int . toretto house - night 72 shabby old furniture with a few electronic luxury . a great sound system . Leon , jesse , Vince and letty split a 12 pack and play a racing video game . dominic enter with Brian . shut off the tv . dominic you guy be real worried . Vince toss dominic a beer . he pass it to Brian . the team react . vince why would you bring the buster here ? dominic he 's cool . do not see you look for I . vince cop almost get I . that shit be orchestrate . dominic come in from every direction . they have undercover watch we . Brian just sip he beer . dominic hop on the couch . dominic ( cont 'd ) vee , a beer . Vince toss he another beer . letty pat the empty cushion next to she , smile at Brian . letty you can sit here . she beam as Brian cross and sit by she , '' dominic homeboy stymy the cop . it be artistic . this cat be sick . Brian smile . ( continued ) 72 73 Blue revision 05/05/2000 35 . continued : ' 72 dominic ( cont 'd ) then he roll we to Long Beach , pissing off the local . they put he ride out of it 's misery with a Mac , whole damn clip . then sneaky Pete have a vietnamese barbecue . that car blow apart like the space shuttle . shock look be trade . jesse grab he head in horror . jesse noooo . that 's wrong . that 's so wrong . vince goddamn gook . they value nothing cause they get it all . five hundred dollar shirt . engine 's worth thirty large . dink get all the best shit . ( look at Brian ) you know they be crooked . they be scamster . pretend not to , Brian hang on Vince 's every word . dominic c'mon , vee . they design we car and invent ramen . Vince roll he eye . Plays the crash compilation video . dominic turn to Brian with a grin . dominic ( cont 'd ) you owe I a ten second car . Brian react . Vince flash he a wary look . new angle unseen to everyone , Mia stand at the bottom of the stair . she sees a smile Brian sit next to a thrilled letty . Mia unhappily turn and climb the step . CUT to : int . war room - day . - 73 Brian enter with a-big grin . tanner , muse and bilkin be tense . bilkin pull a large ziplock from he drawer . Inside be Brian 's police radio . Fire scorched , ash white . bilkin here 's you radio . Long Beach PD recover the uc car full of bullethole and burnt to a crisp . ( more ) ( continued ) Blue revision 05/05/2000 36 . continued : ' 73 bilkin ( cont 'd ) highway patrol expect it return in good work order . Brian be unfaze , cocky . brian it be not street legal . that 's why it be rotting in they yard , they can not auction it . it be a impound , do not cost they a dime . let they bitch , sir . they can not produce a receipt say they buy it . tanner he 's right . we can paperfuck them . off the hook for the supra , bilkin anger ratchet down a tad . before he can speak , Brian make a " time out " sign . brian they loss be we gain , sir . Brian gross to the wall of mugshot and begin move they around . bilkin , tanner and muse watch curiously . finally Brian get to the viet Long Beach team . he swap lance 's photo with Pete tran's . brian ( cont'd sneaky Pete 's the shot caller . lance be just a triggerman . carry a silence Mac submachinegun . he slice and dice the supra . Pete tran do the cooking . I say we put they at the top of the suspect list . off the perplex look of he peer : brian ( cont 'd ) I have be sit on toretto 's couch , drink he beer , get the short course on who 's who . muse and tanner trade incredulous look . bilkin lean back , look over the chart of street racer . Brian lean on he desk , look he in the eye , softly : '' brian ( cont 'd ) Sir ... I be in . a beat . bilkin purse he lip . bilkin excellent . and you believe toretto be not we hijacker ? ( continued ) 73 Blue revision 05/05/2000 37 . continued : ( 2 ) 73 brian correct . bilkin nevertheless , I would like to send a strong message to the illegal racing community by incarcerate they Grand pooh - bah . he 's get one violent felony , any dirt you can dig up will bury he . can do ? Brian react . he do not like the idea but will have to do as he 's tell . brian can do , sir . bilkin get a location on Race Wars ? brian no , sir . not yet . first I need another car . tanner wilshire opg have a porsche . brian no thanks , sergeant . it 's all about rice power . I will kick around the impound and see what I can scare up . bilkin toss Brian a new radio . bilkin keep it up , Brian . as Brian stand and cross to the door : muse gonna go work toretto 's sister , lucky guy ? I spank off to she surveillance photo . muse and tanner laugh . Brian shoot muse a angry look . brian great , muse . great . Brian exit . tanner and muse trade a look . CUT to : 74 75 715 a Blue revision 05/05/2000 38 . omitted 74 omitted 75 ext . toretto's lunch counter - day tsa Mia unload supplies from the back of a pick -up . Brian pull up in a batter Nissan 240sx . the entire passenger side be crush . the front trim miss . the windshield shattered , headlight dangle from they wire . Mia watch Brian get out and enter the shop . Mia stifles a laugh . mia Nice shitbox . dominic 's at the house . brian I come to see you . mia here i be . now you see I . Brian , wonder what be wrong , help she unload the truck . mia ( {cont 'd ) Brian , I think you be in good hand with letty . a lot of guy like she . you be lucky , she 's real picky . you should go for it . she 's so pretty . brian I be not into letty . mia everyone 's into letty . brian I be not everyone . mia right , one of a kind . brian right . maybe I be into you . Mia cross she arm and study he . mia there someone loving you in Arizona ? brian maybe . and maybe I do not love that someone back and maybe that 's why I leave . Fresh start . ( continued ) Blue revision 05/05/2000 39 , 75a continued : 75 a 76 mia you say goodbye ? brian Mia , I do not run away . I be not like that . let 's have a drink tonight and I will tell you the whole sordid saga . we will kick back and have some laugh . mia on the curb with some forty ? brian we can do better . how about margaritas and mariachis . nachos ? she consider it a beat . mia I better not . and that 's that . Brian regards she with a frown . brian do not you ever just want to party ? put on Ice - Ice baby and do the run man ? Brian do a goofy dance move . Mia can not help smile . mia please do not do that . okay . you win ; margaritas . but only maybe . jury 's still out on you . Brian stop dance , smile . brian maybe be acceptable . Mia open the door to the shop and Brian carry in a stack of heavy box inside . CUT to : ext . dominic be house - day 76 dominic and jesse work on a vw bug in the shade of the tree . a speaker thump a baseline . Brian pull up in the 240sx . he get out and cross to the bug . brian get a car . ( continued ) 76 Blue revision 05/05/2000 40 . continued : 76 dominic and jesse cross to the batter , shattered Nissan . dominic react , give Brian a look . jesse dude , that 's a ten minute car . dominic you gonna tow it or push it across the finish ? unfaze , Brian pop the hood . motion for jesse to take a look . jesse do , like what he see . jesse omigod . a skyline motor . jesse grin at the rare find , dig in the engine . Love at first sight . dominic see for himself and smile . dominic good find , man . jesse this will decimate all . ( a beat ) after you put fifteen grand in it . more if we have to overnight part from Japan . Brian react , he do not have the cash , dominic put it on my tab at Harry 's . Race Wars be come up .. Heard of that ? Brian shake he head : no . dominic ( cont 'd ) it 's something to see , Brian . I want you to roll out there with we . gonna make money off you ass . you will make twice back what I loan you racing sucker . no shortage of they . ( a beat ) then , if you be down , I will race , you again . we will go double or nothing . jesse De not do it . Brian be hook , he tap fist with dominic . brian ' shit , yeah . I be down . ( continued ) 76 77 78 Blue revision 05/05/2000 41 . continued : ( 2 ) 716 jesse shake he head . jesse I will give you a part list . the special order stuff you have to get on now . brian where do I de the wrenching ? dominic start walk up he driveway . unlock he large garage . int . toretto garage ~ day 17 dominic open the door and light spill in . Brian stand next he . rack of tool cover the wall of tool . lathes and drill press gleam , the machine old but well maintain . dominic my tool be you tool . Brian look at dominic and smile in gratitude . CUT to : ext . toretto driveway ~ night 78 Vince , letty and Leon walk past the house to the garage in back . Vince , carry a 12 pack , stop in he track . what he sees hard work in the toretto garage , dominic , Brian and jesse be winch the engine out of the 240sx . Brian just tell a punchline , they laughter be hear over they music . scene Vince turn and walk away , letty and Leon follow . of course letty look back . vince we be go . leon we get nowhere else to go . he 's cool . vince he 's not , Leon . he 's on dominic 's ass like a fag in heat . he get on mine , I be put a bullet in he head . ( continued ) 78 79 80 Blue revision 05/05/2000 42 . continued : , 78 letty shut up , Vince . do not start shoot people . he 's just trip on be in LA . he do not know what it 's about yet . vince you know he 's try to hook up with Mia . fool 's die to hit it . letty Mia will not kick down ... I will . leon I know you will , letty . letty shoot he a look . CUT to : a computer screen 719 it show a photoreal 240 sx beef up for racing . the car rotate to reveal the undercarriage . a column of suspension component on one side of the screen . the cursor click on the koni shock . drag and drop they on the car . a complex graph of performance parameter change accordingly . wider : int . toretto kitchen - night 80 jesse work on he laptop . Brian sit next to he , fascinate , both be filthy , tired . jesse koni adjustable save we two pound and give we better holeshot . Mia set down a huge pot of spaghetti sauce . noise at the front door . dominic instinctively put a hand on he gun . but it 's just Vince , letty and Leon . they enter noisily and take seat around the table . . mia just in time . letty grin at Vince . amuse by he grudge change of heart . vince what ? I gotta eat . - , ( continued ) 80 81 Blue revision 05/05/2000 43 . continued : " 80 dominic c'mon , jesse . eat. jesse snap the laptop shut and grab a plate . they tear hunk of bread from big loaf . bowl of sauce , pasta and salad be pass around the table . Mia look at the oilstain on dominic 's glass . . mia could 'a wash up . dominic admire he oil black arm . dominic this be my warpaint . Mia sit across from Brian . watch everyone shove food into they face . mia I remember when we use to say grace . dominic look at she , threaten to throw he greasy arm around she . dominic best little girl in the world . mia get off I , no ! no! dominic ! okay , I love you too . shut up and eat . dominic relent . Mia smile . she watch Brian eat . study he , he seem content in this newfound family . Mia grab a camera from the china hutch . aim it at Brian . brian wait . the flash . Brian do not like that . mia I be gonna do you portrait . CUT to : ext . toretto house ~ night 81 dominic and Brian walk across the front yard . dominic how you get home ? brian Bus , I guess . ( continued ) 81 82 83 84 Blue revision 05/05/2000 44 , continued : . 81 dominic wanna ride ? cut to : int . dominic 's.rx7 ( moving ) - night 82 they cruise through San pedro . Brian be anxious and try not to show it . brian we be nowhere near my crib . dominic trust I . CUT to : ext . car storage - night 83 somewhere in San pedro . oil well in b.g. suck crude like steel sandbird . dominic solemnly unlock a padlock . pull the garage door open . he gesture for Brian to enter the dark warehouse . Brian do , hesitatingly . int . storage garage ~ night 84 pitch black . florescent flicker on . revealing a shrine to Doug toretto . Racing pennant , picture , trophy . flamesuit , helmet . and in the middle , a cover car . dominic pull off the cover . revealing a ' 90 buick regal . this be one bad car , not the prettiest , the baddest . dominic open the hood , expose the awesome engine . dominic I and my dad build she . nine hundred horse . a beast . know what she run in paimdale ? Brian shake he head : no . dominic ( cont 'd ) nine second flat . my dad be drive . so much damn torque , ghassis twisted come off the line . Old man barely keep she on the track , brian what 's you best run ? dominic never drive she . scare the shit out of I . guess I do not have my pop 's balis . - ( continued ) 84 Blue revision 05/05/2000 45 . continued : 84 Brian see dominic be not kid , react . dominic take a frame newspaper clipping down from the wall and hand it to Brian . it 's headline : race favorite kill in final lap dominic ( cont 'd ) he die do what he love . quit pipefitte at the navy yard and hit the pro stock car circuit . he be come up . last race of the season , I just turn eighteen . Ken jorgenson , this old salt he be beat , come up from inside the final turn and clipped he bumper . put he into the wall at a hundred twenty . push in on -- dominic 's pain eye . superimpose : flame consume a race car . the driver writhes in agony . dominic' voice I watch he burn to death . I could hear he scream . resume scene dominic be choke with emotion . they look at each other . a beat of connection . dominic week later I run into jorgenson at the pomona raceway . I wail on he with a wrench until I could not lift my arm . almost kill he . dominic take the clipping , hang it up . dominic ( cont 'd ) I be wrong as hell , it be just a accident . . dominic squat before the car , contemplate it , suddenly seem old and weary . dominic ( cont 'd ) I live my life a quarter mile at a time , Brian . for that few second , man ... it 's just I and my ride and a little road . nothing else matter . the mortgage , that loser sandwich shop , my team and all they bullshit . for that few second , I be free . ( continued ) 84 85 86 87 88 Blue revision 05/05/2000 46 . continued : ( 2 ) ' 84 dominic stand , embarrassed by he show of sentiment . he look at Brian . it 's okay , Brian 's eye be sympathetic . the warmth of friendship bind they . CUT to : ext . harry pro shop - day ~ 85 a dozen lowrider and a familiar 300Z2X rumble up to the shop . speaker thumping Latin trip-hop . CUT to : int . harry pro shop - day , 86 Brian tend the counter . hector silva enter with six tough rip and tatted homeboy . through the window , six more can be see watch the car . brian wassup , dude ? they tap fist . hector hey , loco . glad we do not race . I would be out some lunch money . get hectic when the cop swoop , huh ? how 's dominic treat you supra ? brian not as nice as I do . hector hand Brian a part list . hector hook I up . want four of everything -- watcha , Beto . pasa la feria pa'ca . beto pull a thick stack of twenty from he baggy dicky . slap it on the counter . Brian look at it . brian I will hook you up . Brian enter hector 's part number into the*computer . insert computer screen -- the part be for Honda civics . Brian try to hide he reaction as he read the screen . cut to : omitted : 87 omitted 88 89 90 91 92 93 Blue revision 05/05/2000 47 . ext . whittier boulevard ~- sunset 89 Brian cruise in Harry 's pick - up along East LA 's main drag . people out , shopping at the colorful market . Street vendor sell inflatable action heroes and corn on the cob . CUT to : ext . east L.A. neighborhood -— night 90 tire old house intersperse with garage and machine shop . Brian be park , eat a burger , read the paper . he 's watch one of the garage . the only one still open . what he sees the big metal service bay door roll down . two really big homie exit . they get in a 79 old cutlass glisten under a streetlight and drive off . int . harry pick - up - night 91 Brian grab a duffle off the floor , set it on the seat . he unzip it , dig through the tool inside . grab a hydraulic boltcutter . he put on a ballcap , about to get out , catch he own eye in the rearview . he 's about to cross the line and know it . cut to : ext . hector' garage - night 92 at a side door , Brian go to work on the padlock with the hydraulic cutter . SNAP ! cut to : int . hector' garage - night 93 the side door open . Brian rush inside . a keypad be beeping . Brian follow the wiring up the wall with he maglite . wham ! Brian kick in a closet door . a big steel alarmbox on the wall . he unplug it from the phone jack . relaxes a notch . then he hear : a dialtone . the alarm modem be dialing ... Brian panic . kick a hole in the drywall under the box . reaches up behind the box . and yank out ... a second phone jack . silence . Brian smile . he check out the garage . sees the stack of box from Harry 's store . a lowrider on the lift . - ( continued ) 93 94 Blue revision 05/05/2000 48 . continued : : 93 he start rifling drawer and cabinet . he hear voice and music . he warily cross to the back window . what he sees outside the window be pile of old tire , a fence , then the back yard of someone 's house . where the dozen homeboy from earlier kick back and have some cold one . scene Brian quietly retreat from the window . he cross to four car off to one side , under car cover . Brian lift a cover -- a Honda Civic , white not black , the next be brown . the next two both blue , stock machine , only beginning they transformation into . performance machine . Brian be clearly disappointed . he check on the homeboy , everything seem cool . cross to the side door cur to : ext . hector' garage ~ night 94 Brian furtively close the door . approach the corner . and walk into a shotgun -- -- held by Vince , not a homeboy . vince ( whisper ) I do not care if there 's a dozen ese over there , I will blow you in half . Vince knee he in the ball . Brian double over , try not to moan aloud . vince ( cont ' D ) you fight dirty . like a cop . move it . Vince press the muzzle against Brian 's ear , march along the building to a alley full of old tire , rusted muffler and body panel . jesse wait in he vw with the engine run . a cigarette glow in the shadow . out step dominic , revealing himself . his face cold , scary . dominic Brian , this be one of that time where you need to be very clear about what you say . nobody 's hurt yet . okay ? - : ( continued ) 94 95 96 Blue revision 05/05/2000 49 . continued : , 94 brian okay , shit , what would I do -~-? dominic -- shut up . why be you here ? brian I be not take no chance after lose my supra . at Race Wars hector 's team be gonna run four civics with stock engine , t66 turbos with nos and four inch exhaust . a beat . dominic gonna distort the fuel curve but if they go plus fifty on the pulse width , it will pop the injector open quick . brian what do y'all think I be do ? all paranoid and what not , come at I with the big stuff . what would I do to you ? dominic I like to know who I kick it with . ( to Vince ) vee , put the gage up . Vince lower the shotgun . glare at Brian . brian what ? you get a nutshot . we be even . dominic you gonna check out everyone 's shit ? brian many as I can . already know what y'all get . if you be down , there 's a cocksucker whose cash I gotta take . like to know he poker hand . you down ? dominic and Vince trade look , they be down . Brian smile . omitted 95 ext . pete tran be garage - night 96 a sign read : tran's collision and performance ( continued ) 96 97 98 Blue revision 05/05/2000 50 . continued : ' 96 jesse 's bug glide to the curb across the street without light . Three figure get out and move into shadow . Brian , dominic and Vince eye the building . a formidable structure . Brian note a fire escape on the adjacent building . point it out to he companion . they run across the street . up the FIRE escape . CUT to : ext . rooftop - night 97 start from one side to get a good run start , the three sprint across the roof -- jump the perilous drop . CUT to : int . pete tran's garage - night . 98 Dark . then a shaft of moonlight stab down from above . tilt up a skylight have just be jimmied open . Brian 's head and shoulder appear in silhouette . brian Pov the drop be deadly . dangle lube , oil and air hose be the only way down . scene Brian dangle from the skylight . he begin to swing . back and forth . he kick out he leg , snag the hose bundle with they . he slide down the hose to the floor . then dominic join Brian . and Vince . now on terra firma , the three trade relieved look . Brian steer he maglite across the darkness . illuminate the impressive equipment . this be the most elaborate garage we have see yet . there 's a dyno . Diagnostic gear . and a fancy pick - up for errand . even dominic be , impressed . brian damn , State of the art . Big buck . vince we gotta jack some of this shit . two racer be on hydraulic lift . Brian cross to one , aim he maglite up into the engine compartment . no engine . ( continued ) 98 99 100 Blue revision 05/05/2000 51 . continued : , 98 they cross to the other lift . and stare up into another empty engine compartment . the three share a look . vince ( cont 'd ) where the engine at ? Brian wander 's toward four small car closely park together under the same tarp . they have Brian 's full attention . dominic 's pocket chirp , he pull out he cell and check the caller id , angere by the distraction . dominic what , jesse ? int . jesse be bug - down the STREET - night 99 jesse be slump in he seat , terrify . watch the viet Long Beach team return to the garage en masse . there 's a dozen hurricane , several car -- Pete 's mustang . jesse ( into phone ) they be come . int . pete tran be garage - night 100 Brian step into the moonlight as he reach to lift the tarp ... dominic they be come . dominic shut he cell , eye wild . Brian freeze , look up at the impossibly high skylight . the sound of motorcycle . the three lock eye . dominic run toward a car lift , he slide into the deep sump underneath , he boot splashing into ankle deep oil . Brian follow , stop when he see a tall stack of -- vcr in there box Hidden behind a row of tire . dominic stand in the sump , under the car dh the lift , he .38 ready . dominic ( cont 'd ) where the hell be you ? Brian frantically copy vcr serial number onto he arm . the garage door begin rise . ( continued ) 100 Blue revision 05/05/2000 52 , continued : 100 dominic ( cont 'd ) ( hiss ) Brian ? Brian dive into the sump . splash ! -- as the light come on . he pull down he sleeve to hide the write on he arm . the garage door open Pete and lance enter with they entourage , some prime arm candy . two of Pete 's henchmen drag a terrify man , ted henderson , inside . they throw he to the floor . Pete grab a waterhose and wrap it around Ted 's neck , he turn bett red , gag . Pete grab a lube hose . Pete try to force the hose in he mouth . pete open you mouth . c'mon , Ted . can not ever keep the big thing close . why now ? open it . Pete press the nozzle under Ted 's nostril . fill he sinuse with 50 weight synthetic . Ted wretch and gag . cough in agony . Pete clamp Ted 's head between he knee and fill he mouth with oil . Ted struggle violently . vince's eye watch from below the shelf he have wedge himself into . safe for now , he enjoy the show with a mean little smile -- -- just like Pete 's team . Pete release Ted , he vomit and writhes on the cement , blow snot bubbles . brian and dominic peer over the edge of the sump , they eye at floor level . both ankle deep in oil . Brian hate what he be witness . brian ( softly hiss ) we have to.stop this . - dominic still Brian with a hand on he back . point out the Mac in lance 's hand . Brian grit he tooth in frustration . Ted whimper . his wet eye plead . Pete light a cigarette . ( continued ) 100 101 102 103 Blue revision 05/05/2000 53 . continued : ( 2 ) ' 100 pete where be they ? sell they to someone else . couple Nissan silvia S - 15 's engine would pull a premium a week before Race Wars . who do you sell they to ? Ted reach in he pocket , hand Pete a card . ted they be in my warehouse . Pete finger the card , smile . the danger have pass . pete kiss my shoe . Ted lean over to kiss Pete 's foot . wham ! Pete kick he in the chest . Ted gasp like a fish , turn blue . Pete hand the card to lance . pete ( cont 'd ) go get they . lance cross to the pick - up , get in with another team member . the pick - up , six motorcycle be start . the door be roll open . the pick - up drive out with six motorcycle escort it . on vince take advantage of the noise and distraction to low crawl to the bathroom . brian and dominic do the same . CUT to : ext . pete tran's garage - night 101 the alley behind it . Vince drop from a high window . then dominic and Brian , they look around , take off run . toward jesse 's wait vw at the end of the alley . . cur to : omitted 102 int . war room - day 103 Brian have the manifest from a truck hijack . he find the serial number for the vcr 's . ( continued ) 103 104 105 Blue revision 05/05/2000 54 . continued : 103 he roll up he sleeve . the serial number he copy be smear illegibly . Brian sigh , angry at himself . he look at the manifest . get a idea . dissolve to : int . war room - day 104 Brian sit in the corner type , he have not clean up from the prior evening . tanner enter . show Brian a mugshot of ted henderson . tanner this he ? brian yes , holy shit . that be quick . tanner stand by . he 's on probation for receive steal goods . pentium motherboard from a burglary in gardena . you boy 's a top echelon fence . they smell blood . tanner slap Brian 's back tanner ( cont 'd ) you tighten that noose quick . bilkin 's boss be fly out from DC . I wanna close this case before FBI God step off he plane . tanner ( cont 'd ) c'mon , it 's pow - wow time . Brian grow nervous . CUT to : int . bilkin ' office ~- day 105 bilkin lean back in he chair finish Brian 's report . tanner and Brian await he verdict . bilkin set the report down look dryly at Brian . then smile . ° bilkin let 's move on this . Brian smile , relieved . tanner give he a wink . bilkin ( cont 'd ) because I be deal with a federal da ' and judge . they be not rubber stamp like LA Superior . ( more ) . ( continued ) 105 Blue revision 05/05/2000 55 . continued : ' 105 bilkin ( cont 'd ) the first thing the da will ask I be . how you develop this information . brian a reliable confidential informant . bilkin I need a name . it will not leave this room . tanner nod for Brian to say it . Brian hesitates , a nervous ripple through he composure as he make a decision . brian dominic toretto . he witness the assault on Henderson . he provide the number off the vcr . he see the four black civics park inside the premise . Pete tran 's we guy , I guarantee it . let 's get the affidavit into the judge , get sign off and hit this piece of shit with a tactical platoon now . we get mass reason to take homeboy down . tanner go native on we , bri ? Brian grin , he enthusiasm be contagious . bilkin worry not , bri . we will go in forty eight hour after we work up a raid plan . we will romp and stomp . meanwhile , get in the field and keep you ear to the ground . Brian smile , stand , pause as he grab the doorknob . brian Sir , in light of toretto 's cooperation , it would be unfair of we to pursue any unrelated criminal matter against he . a beat . bilkin - you be right . we will leave he alone . that make Brian 's day , he fight not to show it as he exit . once safely outside the office , he grin big . cuT to : 106 107 108 Blue revision 05/05/2000 56 . ext . dominic be yard - day 106 a hot day . Brian , dominic , jesse , Leon and even Vince strip Brian 's 240 sx , tear out everything . seat , window , trim , carpet . everything go . CUT to : ext . dominic be yard - day ( later ) 107 the Nissan have be stripped to the unibody frame . chain and block attach to it . Brian , dominic , Vince and Leon use winch and sledgehammer to straighten it . they shirt be off , the sweat pour . jesse use he watchful eye and laser and reflector to guide they . new angle Mia take freeze meat from the big freezer outside . she can not take she eye off Brian . jesse okay ! there ! perfect ! they stop labor . Brian notice Mia , they trade linger smile . dominic notice and cross to Brian . he nod for Brian to go ahead . dominic you break she heart , I will break you ball . CUT to : int . dominic' kitchen - day 108 Mia work on a pot of meatball sauce . Brian enter . she 's ready with a glass of icewater . brian thanks . how 's my painting come ? mia I have not start yet . I want to know more about you first . Brian trace he finger along the rim of he glass . brian would not this be nice with a little salt around the rim , a little premium tequila , crush ice , lime juice ..? mia yes . i'11 pick you up at ten . ( continued ) Blue revision 05/05/2000 57 . 108 continued : ' 108 to it 's a date . they smile . CUT to : 109 omitted 109 110 int . cantina real - night 110 cozy and relaxed . candle on the table , mariachis in b.g . Mia be absolutely radiant in a sexy little dress . she lick salt from she margarita . brian how 's my painting come ? mia I have not start yet . the picture I take , it 's you expression . when I paint someone 's face , I be really painting they feeling . you look so content sit there , I think I would get a good picture . but there be s0 much anger in you eye . what be you so angry about ? brian c'mon . it 's just a bad picture . and that 's that . a beat of uncomfortable silence , then : . mia miss Arizona ? brian no. I be Mr. Arizona . Mia have a little laugh . the tension break . mia okay , you get I . have a lot of family back there , mister ? Brian darken a little bit . brian no . I do not . I have a uncle who watch out for I . my daddy , he pass on . mia I know . dominic tell I . what happen ? a beat , Brian look into she gentle brown eye . ( continued ) 110 continued : Blue revision 05/05/2000 58 . : 110 brian some evil scumbag snuck up from behind and shot he in the head . for a damn wallet . he would a step up to my pop like a man , outcome would of be different . he be such a good guy . ( serious ) I will get the punk who do it . I will get he . mia how 's you mom take it ? brian bad . they be super close . still in love after like thirty year . I guess she could not live without he . she get sick . . next thing I know I be at she funeral . mia that 's so sad . I be sorry , I should not be take you there . brian it 's part of who I be . mia ( softly ) be that why you be so angry ? Brian look at she a beat . surprise by the obvious . he nod he head : yes . Mia squeeze he hand reassuringly . mia ( cont 'd ) amazing how the folk leave they mark , huh ? my dad be not there when he be there . dominic worship he . I know he show you the shrine . the only thing that make dad happy be building and racing car . he chase my mom off . she hide in New York or New Jersey , not sure which . I kind 'a wish she would take we with . dad could be scary , I get it . future look bright for a while . we take in some stray and make we own family dominic get he operator license and drive big rig and I be in art college . speed ticket and student loan kill that . dream . it 's Brian 's turn to give a reassure hand squeeze . CUT to : 111 112 113 Blue revision 05/05/2000 59 . ext . cantina real - night 111 Brian and Mia cross the parking lot . brian why do not dominic race professionally ? mia he get in a fight and they ban he from the track . they arrive at she bitchin Honda Accord . Mia unlock it , pop the hood , mia ( cont 'd ) Three point two v-six with hot cam , sleeve and ported . Tanabe exhaust , G - force chip . airflow intake . Ball bear turbo . brian dominic hook you up . mia I hook I up , Brian . I get grease in my blood , remember ? wanna talk car ? I can get that from anybody . I want more . get in , I be drive . they get in she hot Accord . CUT to : int . mia' accord ( moving ) - night 112 rocketing westward on mulholland drive . a carpet of shimmer light below . Brian whiteknuckle the door handle . Mia whip through the turn with hair raise precision , a naughty smirk on she face . Mia pass a huge mercede . into oncoming headlight ! she cut back in she lane with a inch to spare . she laugh , Brian look at she think she 's insane and love it . CUT to : ext . EL segundo beach - night 113 near a lax main runway and a abandon housing development . some cholos from Venice party around a bonfire . angle on ( continued ) 113 114 Blue revision 05/05/2000 60 . continued : ' 113 Mia 's Accord . Brian and Mia sit on the hood and share a pack of twinkies , watch the moon set over the ocean . mia this be my beach . that 's my ocean . my moon . brian this be nice , thanks for bring I . Brian be relaxed , at ease like we have not see before . Mia look Brian , at he moonlit feature against the starry sky . like one of she painting . ever so cautiously , she take he face in she hand and stare deeply into he eye . mia this be how I want to paint you . they kiss , gentle and tentative at first . then passion and hunger take over . they kiss deeply , Brian slide he hand up she thigh and pull she closer . she chew on he ear , she breath hot . he hook a finger in the waistband of she panty and tug . mia ( cont 'd ) no. not here ... brian ... where ..? Mia look around with a naughty smile . mia ...here ... she pulis he down to the sand . a 747 take off . it 's engine scream at full thrust . ext . santa fe spring - night 114 a industrial area . the turbodiesel of a Big rig growls as it roll down a empty boulevard toward a ffeeway onramp . it drive under a ... train bridge where the bandit wait . he jump - ~~ ( continued ) 114 115 116 117 118 119 120 121 122 123 124 Blue revision 05/05/2000 61 . continued : ' --thud onto the roof of the trailer . the Big rig rumble up the onramp . with four black civic follow it . CUT to : int . brian apartment - dawn bare except for a lawnchair and the futon Brian sleep on . he answer he ringing cell , half asleep . brian huh ? tanner's voice they hit last night in Santa Fe Springs . bilkin push the raid up to this afternoon at seventeen hundred . go back to sleep , kid . click . Brian sit up and rub he eye , wide awake . CUT to : int . toretto's garage ~: day Brian 's 240 sx be paint primer gray . now the work can begin in earnest . CUT to : int . swat cage - day Three dozen swat officer ( FBI and Long Beach PD ) sit at classroom desk as bilkin , tanner and muse explain they target . begin montage intercutting toretto's garage and the swat cage dominic winch the reconditioned engine back into the car . bilkin whiteboard a diagram of pete tran's garage . vince weld in a roll cage . weapon be broken out of there locker . leon install racing brake disc and caliper . swat cop clean weapon . jesse install sensor and wiring . 114 115 116 118 119 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 141 Blue revision 05/05/2000 62 . swat cop load magazine with fresh hollowtip . mia argue with dominic about the throttle body he just installed . he relent and lets her do it . radios be passed out to the swat cop . dominic bolt on exhaust component . boot be tied . flak vest tightened . jesse install gage and computer . bilkin pass around a photo of pete tran . vince and jesse install shock and strut . a FBI sniper lovingly oil the action of he rifle . letty bolt in racing seat , jealously watching brian and mia bolt on the hood . vince help brian install the window . a swat cop spit in he goggle and wipe they with a rag . mia mask the car with paper and tape . swat cop file into unmarked van . mia sprays the car turquoise blue . end montage ext . dominic be house - night Mia clean she spray equipment . Brian check he watch . brian Harry need I to make a part run up to simi Valley . he kiss and to she dismay cross to Harry 's pick - up and take off . . CUT to : ext . parking lot - day Harry 's pick - up park next to a unmark car . cuut to : 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 141 142 143 144 Blue revision 05/05/2000 63. int . unmarked ( moving ) - day 142 muse drive . bilkin up front . tanner in back with Brian , show he the fifty page raid plan . . tanner we be hit three location . there 's seven gang member in the garage , team 1 's get that . lance Nguyen 's house be team 2's , Pete tran be observe at he residence . he 's team 3 's property . brian who 's team 3 ? tanner hand Brian a black hood and a flak jacket . tanner we be . Brian grin and pull on the scary black hood . tanner ( cont 'd ) much better . CUT to : int . unmarked swat van ( moving ) - day 143 eight swat cop in black battle gear slap home magazine . kerchack ! let the bolt of they weapon slide home . the van stop . the back door fly open ... swat cop Pov Flying out of the back of the truck . running towards Pete tran 's garage . a second van spill out eight more swat . ext . pete tran's garage — day 144 flashbangs explode four mechanic , older vietnamese , throw they hand up as a wave of sixteen cop-commando roll toward they . they be violently tackle . swat cop Pov running through the garage . Seven of pete' team watch a video on two couch in the corner . they be ferociously take down by a well armed offensive line . curt to : 145 146 Blue revision 05/05/2000 64 . int . bathroom - day 145 lance finish brush he tooth , just out of the shower , a towel around he waist . he douse himself with talcum powder . goof off in the mirror a silly beat . smash ! the window break . lance stare incredulously at a swat cop aim he mp - 5 at he , its laser dotting he forehead . wham ! the door be kick in , lance be tackle by two swat cop . a third swat cop in b.g. talk into he radio . swat cop base , team two . bingo . radio voice copy . gonna buy the dominator a steak . lance be listen . cuT to : int . pete tran be house - day 146 solidly middle class , nicely decorate . Pete sit at the dinner table with he mother , father , he teenage sister . two older aunt and they husband . wham ! the front door be kick open . the boom of a flashbang . Brian run in with a shotgun , scary as hell with the black mask . he kick Pete out of he chair . drop a knee on he neck and shove the shotgun under he chin . muse , tanner and bilkin follow , aim weapon at Pete 's terrify family . his mother and aunt scream . pete take anything you want . please do not hurt we . brian ( hiss ) ° we be cop , asshole . Pete stare dagger at the blue eye behind the hood . Brian grind he face in the carpet and handcuffs he . they haul Pete to he foot . his father cross to he , give hima shame , hurt look , it become a angry glare and he slap Pete , who look away . a Blue revision 05/05/2000 65 . 146a int . harry pro shop - day 146a 147 148 149 Harry sign legal papers on L.A. County d.a. letterhead . he be extremely grateful . harry thank you , man . fine I can handle . I will pay all that . probation , no problem . I be not even jaywalk . but prison , that 's ... prison be very scary for Harry . Brian gather the papers , seal they in a envelope . brian you be cool now . harry thanks , Brian . they tap fist . dominic enter , see Harry 's emotion . dominic jeez , Harry , he will be back . hurry up , Brian . toretto pop back out . Brian drop the envelope in the outgo mail box . give Harry a smile and exit . cur to : omitted 147 ext . pacific coast highway - day 148 well north of l.a . the ocean dash itself against the rock . the 240 sx cruise North , purring low and throaty . it slow and stop for a red light . int , 240sx ( moving ) ~ day 149 Brian behind the wheel . dominic in the passenger seat . they enjoy the beautiful California day . Brian be ecstatic about he reborn Nissan . dominic in the passenger seat , a laptop open on he knee . make adjustment to a fuel mapp program . '' dominic okay ... standby ... go ! Brian stomp the gas . clutch up . the car take off . dominic ( cont 'd ) shift ! double clutch ! shift ! shift ! ( continued ) 149 149a Blue revision 05/05/2000 66 . continued : ' . 149 Brian work through the gear . the car pass 120mph . dominic ( cont 'd ) floor it ! wind she out ! the engine near redline , scream in protest . dominic ( cont 'd ) brake ! brake ! stomp the damn brake ! Brian do . the car swerving wildly as it bleed off speed . the anti-lock brake jackhammering . Brian barely keep it on the road . dominic look at Brian . dominic ( cont 'd ) drive hard . smash the throttle like a bug . kick the clutch in . shift hard . use force . pimp slap . brian pimp slap ? dominic slap Brian 's head . dominic like that . Brian give he a look . dominic smile . then Brian smile . they stop at a red light . Brian 's beeper go off , he ignore it . ext . pacific coast highway - day 149 aa B red lamborghini Diablo gt pull alongside they . it 's vanity plate read : @ the biz dominic look at the talent agent behind the wheel , the gorgeous elite model riding shotgun . dominic Nice car . what it cost ? the agent eye dominic like a bug . dominic just grin back . agent four hundred twenty three thousand dollar . the agent revs the engine , he want to impress he -girl . the light about to change . Brian and dominic trade look . the light . turn GREEN . dominic hit it . ( continued ) 149 a 149b 149c 150 151 151a Blue revision 05/05/2000 67 . continued : : 149a Brian mash the gas . beat the lamborghini off the line . Brian work the gear . the speedometer climb fast . Brian 's Nissan blow away the lamborghini . it shrink in the rearview as the frustrated agent give up . int . 240 sx ( moving ) - day 1498 man , this car be fast . easily the victor , Brian ease off the throttle . he and dominic tap fist . dominic homeboy get jipped ext . neptune's net - day 149 '' Brian pull up to the funky restaurant . there be surfer dude and chick . biker and they babe . dominic and Brian exit the car . Brian 's beeper go off again . dominic thrust he cellphone at Brian . dominic get you page . Brian 's heart pound as he take the phone and dial -- intercut : int . war room - day 150 tanner wait by the phone . it ring -- tanner -- hello ? . brian yo , it 's Brian . tanner yo , Brian . get you ass back to base xight freaking now . tanner hang up . end intercut omitted 151 ext . neptune's nest ~- day 151a Brian expertly play it off . brian all right , have a good one . later . Brian hang up . hand the phone back . ( continued ) Blue revision 05/05/2000 68 . 151a continued : ' 151a 152 153 brian ( cont ! D ) my uncle . check up on my ass dominic look at the cell 's screen . dominic L.A. number . brian he drive out sometimes . dominic hit send . Brian 's mouth dry as a bone . intercut : int . war room - day 152 the phone ring . tanner hello ? dominic who 's this ? tanner who 's this ? dominic I be I , that 's who it be . what be you to Brian ? tanner react , realize who he be talk to . tanner I be family . tell he the least he can do be have dinner with I . I be not out here every day . dominic yeah , I will tell hin . end intercut 153 stay with dominic -- he snap shut he cell . * dominic least you can do be have dinner with you uncle . dominic 's paranoia abate . Brian be relieved . dominic pull a toy race car from he pocket . hand it to Brian . Brian note drive instruction write on it . 1 ( continued ) 153 153a 153b 154 Blue revision 05/05/2000 69 . continued : ' 153 brian what 's this ? dominic you invitation to Race Wars . Brian grin and they enter the restaurant . CUT to : ext . hollywood mansion ~- day 153a establish . int . bilkin ' office - day 153b a very angry bilkin sit at he desk glaring at Brian over steeple finger . bilkin the vehicle in tran 's garage be not black civics . the machine gun do not turn up . the vcr be legally purchase from the good guy by tran 's uncle who own a video store and dub porno . we have nothing tie tran 's team to the hijacking . they o.r. would on bail a hour ago . ail of they . prosecutor 's wait until Monday to drop the charge in case the machine .gun turn up . Officer o'conner , you have embarrassed I in spectacular fashion . JI have zero tolerance for misconduct . I be place you on home duty pend the Internal affair investigation . I recommend you contact a attorney . you be dismiss . brian yessir . stun , Brian retreat to the door . CUT to : ext . mansion balcony - day 154 a spectacular view . tanner lean on the rail , haggard , solemn . Brian join he . tanner fix he with a look . tanner _ either toretto feed you a line of shit or you be the one who feed we a shit sandwich . ( more ) ( continued ) 154 continued : Blue revision 05/05/2000 70 . ' 154 tanner ( cont 'd ) I know you be too smart to let that goombah play you so I be lean toward the latter . he never give you that serial number , do he ? Brian can trust tanner , he always have . brian I copy they from the manifest . tanner shake he head sadly . brian ( cont 'd ) sergeant tanner , Pete tran be we guy . I know I be right . I learn from the best cop who ever wear a badge : my dad . he teach I it 's black and white . we gotta do we job and stomp this insect , like the dick - lice son - of - a - asshole who shot my daddy in the head . tanner it do not matter who you lock up , you can not bring he back . you have always be a good kid but it scare the shit out of I to hear you talk like that . Black and white ? there 's something I have to tell you . ( deep breath ) Brian , the man you think you dad be and who he really be be two different thing . you dad be a top drawer police officer . but he be just as human as the rest of we , ( a beat , quietly ) he be have a affair with Jack Van patton 's wife . Brian react , ready to throw tanner off the balcony . tanner ( cont 'd ) be a good detective and all , Van patton find out . he ambush you father , not some criminal at large . a brother cop kill you dad . - tanner squeeze Brian 's shoulder . let 's he absorb that . '' tanner ( cont 'd ) that 's why Van patton stick a shotgun in he mouth . it be a mess . but everyone do what they have to do to make it right . nothing 's black and white but the damn car we drive . ( continued ) 154 155 159 160 160 a 160b 161 Blue revision 05/05/2000 71 . continued : ( 2 ) 154 Brian look like he can not breathe . he grab the rail for support . blink back tear . brian Jesus Christ , Lou . what be I suppose to do now ? tanner save you ass by crack this damn case . otherwise come Monday , they ' 11 rip you to piece . you first instinct be this Race . Wars thing . follow you nose . Brian look at tanner . grateful for the reprieve . brian I will do what I gotta do . CUT to : omitted 155 thru : omitted 159 ext . desert highway - day 160 Brian 's Nissan rocket across the bleak landscape . int . 240 sx ( moving ) - day 160a Brian hold the toy car dominic give he . ahead a lonely intersection quarter the desert . ext . desert crossroad - day 160b a leathery old man , the only sign of life for mile sit on a rock . he watch Brian 's car pull up . Brian show he the toy car . the Old man point out the road lead to the mountain . CUT to : ext . desert - day '' 161 through a long lens and dance heat ripple we see a gather . vague , indefinite , then color and form impose themselves as we move ... closer to : 162 163 164 Blue revision 05/05/2000 72 . ext . race war - day 162 the woodstock of underground racing . held at a abandon airport . hundred of amazing car , hundred of people . Rap thump from dozen of speaker . two runways run drag race . Long line of pair car await they turn . engine noise rise and fall with each quick race . music boom from a hundred stereo . find brian 240 sx approach a parking area-near a tent CITY . Brian navigate through a eclectic crowd , everyone from gangbanger to suburbanite . he 's wary , watchful , look for answer on the face he see . CUT to : ext . runways ~ aerial shot ~- day 163 bleacher have be set up along two runway . Old tire and hay bale for safety . display show they time . CUT to : ext . tarmac - day 164 Cars await they turn two by two . inspector in white lab coat check they out , soap number on windshield . angle on Brian , walk through the car . he sees jesse 's vw wait in line to race . he cross to jesse and lean in he window . they tap fist . brian yo , jesse . where 's everyone at ? jesse point . now Brian sees dominic , he team , Mia , stand by they car , which be park in a staging area near the runway . jesse wish I luck . Brian see worry on jesse 's face . brian what 's up ? ( continued ) 164 165 Blue revision 05/05/2000 73 . continued : ' 164 jesse I be racing for car . brian ai not this you dad 's car ? you can not bet what 's not yours . jesse 's no , lookit , I will win this fool 's car , then I and my pop can roll together when he get out of prison . brian not if they lock he back up after he kill you . call it off , who you racing ? Brian look over jesse 's car at the racer he 's pair with . Brian react -- the other racer be Pete tran , drive he mustang . he glare at Brian , who glare right back . brian ( cont 'd ) you better win , man . a official with a.clipboard wave jesse and Pete forward . it 's they turn to race . Brian watch jesse pull up to the start line . jesse 's have second thought . ext . starting line ~ day 165 time display be reset to zero . a stoplight between the lane glow red . the light turn yellow . the two driver tense with anticipation . jesse grab the shifter . pushes in the clutch , trade look with Pete . the light turn green ... vroom ! tire spin as the vw and mustang launch like missile . jesse 's head be throw back , he pull ahead for a early lead . then Pete close the gap until they be dead even . they burn through the gear . jesse give Pete the finger and hit the nitrous . he shoot ahead several length . Pete be not worried . pete too soon , my child . Pete eye he gage cluster , the track ahead , calculate . then hit the nitrous ... ( cont inued ) 165 165 a Blue revision 05/05/2000 74 . continued : ' 165 pete' mustang bust the finish first . then jesse by half a car length , with tear in he eye . ext . staging area - day 165 a dominic shake he head sadly at jesse 's loss . then Mia and he team react . what they see jesse keep go -- vince's voice where 's jesse go ? -- right out the gate . gain speed , smashes through the outer fence and be go . scene dominic 's team trade surprised look . Brian run over and join they , Mia happy to see he . Brian tap fist with dominic . brian jesse race sneaky Pete for pink . dominic dammit . it 's a problem he do not need . he watch Pete pull up and get out of he mustang . and - be quickly join on foot by lance and a dozen surly Long Beach viet . pete I win . that 's my car now , where 's he take it ? dominic to the car wash or something . you will get the car . we be not shyster . just be cool . Pete look at dominic , scowl . his team menace closer . Vince look ready to chew lance 's head off . Leon , letty even Mia , be ready to scrap . a crowd gather . pete be cool ? cop be up in my house shaming I in front of my family because you drop a dime on I . cop be talk about you on the radio . ( continued ) Blue revision 05/05/2000 . 75 . 16sa continued : ' 165a dominic react . and despite himself , Brian too . dominic bullshit . I never drop a dime on no one . I be not down with the man . Pete point at Brian accusingly . pete . bullshit . you blue eye butt boy be the man . the team out there jack truck , I bet it 's you team . do not even think you be put you sin on I . I be sick of you mess with my team . it 's stop . now . --crack ! dominic nail Pete on the tip of he jaw . Pete throw a combo , landing one on dominic 's forehead . now dominic really go nut , savaging Pete with a vicious series of blow . Vince and lance punch each other . Pete 's Crew surge forward -- -~ Brian swing at two vietnamese who rush he . letty stand she ground , throw solid punch . as do Leon . Mia clothesline a vietnamese guy run at dominic with a screwdriver . he go down on he back , the screwdriver be suddenly seize from he hand as several sequoia-sized samoan security guard wade into the fraca , separate the - combatant . samoan guard get back ! y'all be not squabblin ' here . the team trade hard stare as they part . Pete , he eyebrow split and bleed , wipe blood from he face and flick it at dominic . pete this be not over . dominic try to charge Pete , but be restraj . samoan guard sorry , toretto , keep the peace be all . harmony , bro . dominic understand , they tap fist . dominic and he team head back to they tent . letty suck on a split knuckle . dominic look at Brian , angry and suspicious . Vince look at Brian , walk with Mia . ( continued ) 165 a 166 167 168 168a 168b Blue revision 05/05/2000 76 . continued : ( 2 ) ' 165a mia he 's a nutcase . there 's no way you be a cop . Brian grab she waist reassuringly . dominic wave Vince over and whisper to he as they walk . CUT to : omitted 166 ext , abandoned runway ~ night 167 it 's time to dance . a full on rave be in effect . a thousand plus body undulate to a techno throb . strobe flicker . light pulse . dancer wave lightstick and glow in the dark staff and hoop . a dd work the 1's and 2 's from atop a tall tower of scaffold aglow with a thousand lightstick . ext . tent CITY - night 168 Brian exit a port -a-potti , hitching up he pants . ext . torretto camp ~ night 168a Brian be surprised to arrive to find no one about . he begin search the bag and equipment . his experience hand work quickly . then he find it -- a speargun tip . Brian stare at the damn evidence in he hand . he sag visibly as he realize dominic 's team be the hijacker . CUT to : ext . parking area - night 168b Brian move through the car , then stop in he track . what he sees Mia and dominic have a heat argument . letty and Leon sit in letty 's eclipse . Vince wait in dominic 's rx7 . Mia clearly do not want dominic to leave . she grab he arm he jerk away , get in he car . scene , Brian watch they go , the wheel of revelation turn . Brian feel chop off at the knee . dominic be the crook he be after . Brian take a beat to compose himself , run back to the tent city . 169 174 175 176 Blue revision 05/05/2000 77 . omitted 169 thru : omitted 174 ext . toretto camp - night — 175 , Brian wait for Mia , all smile , like nothing be wrong . she arrive . brian where 's everyone at ? mia they be meeting we by the dj 's tower . c'mon . Mia run off toward the rave . Brian follow with urgency , hurt by she lie . brian Mia , wait ! ext . abandoned runway - night 176 Mia plunge into the crowd , Brian follow she deeper and deeper into the writhe mass of limb . she tease he , play hide and seek in the humanity . trance dancer in various alter state jostle Brian . he plow he way through entrance body . brian Pov Brian lose sight of Mia . search through the crowd . more and more frantic . scene Brian have lose she . he stand there , look around , the only static figure in a sea of colorful motion . a tap on he shoulder . he turn . it 's Mia . Dancing , sexy , smile . Brian grab she shoulder and still she . brian every badge in the southland warit to blow you brother out of he boot . this be you chance to save he life . mia what be you talk about ? ( continued ) Blue revision 05/05/2000 78 . 176 continued : 176 brian I be a cop . I be investigate the hijacking . I be from simi Valley , not Arizona , Mia react . fights away from he grip . she punch he hard in the.stomach . mia you asshole . you lie to I , Brian . oh , God . be that even you name ? what 's you real name ? brian Brian o'conner . they suggest I use my real first name to be more natural . Mia can not believe this . mia that 's so wrong . you play I like a piano . you do not do that to people . brian my feeling be real , Mia . mia ; mine be too , they be . but you lie to I . Brian and Mia look at each other as they heart break . brian okay , I lie . but unless you help dominic , you be gonna be stand by a hole in the ground with he in it . help I save he . a beat . Mia grab he hand . mia let 's go . cut to : 177 ext . abandoned gas station - night ° 177 a lonely , tired old building in the desert . 177a int . abandoned gas sation - night 177a four car park under tarp . Three tarp be pull off reveal the stealth black civics . angle ( continued ) 177a 177b 178 179 Blue revision 05/05/2000 79 . continued : ' 177a to reveal Leon , letty , dominic and Vince . leon do not like do this without jesse . Vince screw a tip onto a speargun . vince this be sketchy with all the heat . dominic it 's perfect . two thousand people see we tonight . . ext . hilltop - night 1778 a figure on a motorcycle watch the abandon gas station with binocular . cur to : ext . desert road - night 178 the three car gain speed . push in on : the lead car right through its darken windshield -- int . lead car ~- night 179 -- dominic drive , next to he be Vince , both wear earpiece . the mood serious , professional . dominic we be a car short so letty , you get right side . Leon , keep on the scanner , man want we bad . we cool ? on letty her gameface on . tighten she four point harness . letty I be cool . on leon he adjust the police scanner in the dash . leon I be cool . back with dominic ( continued ) 179 180 181 Blue revision 05/05/2000 80 . continued : 179 dominic you cool , vee ? a beat . vince I be cool . cuT to : int . brian 240sx ( moving ) - night 180 Brian do 120mph . Mia have a map on she knee . mia civics be stashed here outside thermal . Brian look over at the map . brian they would not double back . and the ten be too well patrol . shit , that leave ... mia all this . Mia 's finger point to a area where four highway come together . Brian grab he cell and dial . intercut : int . tanner's house - night 181 tanner fast asleep with he wife . the phone ring . he answer groggily . tanner tanner . brian it 's I . I get a tasker . call pac Bell security and get a cell trace go on toretto 's phone . tanner I be on it . make headway ? brian bigtime . end intercut ( continued ) 181 182 183 184 185 Blue revision 05/05/2000 81 . continued : : 181 click . Brian hang up . he and Mia trade a look . CUT to : ext . desert highway - night 182 a tandem Big rig , king of the road , ply the night . int . tandem rig ( moving ) ~ night 183 the driver be a lean mean former Marine , a plug of tobacco in he cheek , Neil Young on the radio . light in the mirror blind he . he grab a chop shotgun off the seat next to he . kerchack ! load a live one . this big boy 's play for keep . a pick - up pass he . keeps go . the Driver relax a notch , put down the weapon . CUT to : int . brian 240sx ( moving ) - night 184 Brian 's cell ring . brian hello ? tanner's voice northbound 86 . mile one fourteen outside coachella . watch you six , Lone Ranger . brian everyday . Brian hang up . Mia look at the map . point straight ahead . mia we be good . exit 's four mile that way . CUT to : ext . desert highway - night 185 Three black civics zoom closer to they target , light off . up the road be the tandem rig . 186 187 189 190 Blue revision 05/05/2000 82 , int .» dominic' civic ( moving ) - night 186 Vince put on a gas mask . dominic pull closer to the tandem rig . dominic Big honker . ext . desert highway - night 187 two civics take position on either side of the tandem rig . they hit they headlight . int . tandem rig ( moving ) - night - 188 the Driver react . sees the civics on either side . dominic 's Civic pull in front . Vince stand up through the sunroof in a gasmask , aim the speargun . thwack !~dink ! the anchor pierce the windshield . the Civic gun it and the windshield be tear from its frame . the Driver lay a hand on the shotgun and grin . ready . ext . desert highway - night 189 Vince reload the speargun . aims. fire ... thwack ! ~ dunk ! the spear embed itself into the seat by the Driver . Vince stand atop dominic 's Civic . a insane surfer . he activate the winch on he chest and leap - ~ ~- the winch pull he to the tandem rig . wham ! Vince hit the grill . he grab the bulldog hood ornament , pull a chemical grenade from he pocket and pull the pin and try to pull himself onto the hood . dominic pull far ahead to recon the freeway . inside the tandem rig - 190 the Driver sees Vince 's head pop up . he aim through the open windshield - ~ boom ! he fire -- shredd the hood by Vince 's head . Vince drop the smoking grenade . it skitter across the highway , hissing smoke . ( continued ) 190 191 192 193 194 Blue revision 05/05/2000 83. continued : 180 kerchack ! the Driver shuck in a fresh shell and aim at Vince 's hand grip the mack bulldog . boom ! nine scream buckshot pellet -- -- gouge the hood , and Vince 's hand , shredd he glove . ext , tandem rig ( moving ) 191 Vince let go . bang against the grill , hang by the steel cable attach to he chest . vince I be hit . guy 's get a boomer . shoot this fucker , dominic ( filter ) no way . that thing jackknife , you be all dead . vince get I off 'a here , now ! dominic 's Civic instantly drop back , ready to help ... a howling whine 192 Three hurricane motorcycle appear like demon . pete tran on the lead bike . he pull the mac~11 from he jacket . behind he be -- lance who open the throttle wide on he bike and pull ahead of Pete . a overpass , its concrete column just ahead . letty sees the bike 193 letty boss , we get bad company . Pete zip alongside dominic , who 's Civic be . ebumper to bumper with the tandem rig . in the tandem rig 194 fearing Pete 's Mac , the Driver lay down on the seat . pete tran aim the Mac at dominic . ( continued ) 194 195 196 197 Blue revision 05/05/2000 84 . continued : 194 pete you be go down for this shit , not I . brrddddddt ! he shoot dominic 's front tire . rubber shred off . the magnesium rim grind on the asphalt , trail spark . the rig be swinging back and forth . the two trailer oscillate back and forth in ever increase arc . on letty she see lance get in position to shoot out she tire . letty oh , no you be not ... letty stomp the brake , whip the wheel . her car spin . lance be suddenly stare at the side of letty 's Civic . too late to correct . wham ! he hit and ricochet into -- a concrete column splat ! his bike explode . and that 's the end of lance . letty' civic 195 spin , whack a concrete column . shear off the back . the wreckage come to rest and a unscathed letty thanks she rollcage . dominic you okay smurfette ? letty yeah , I be fine . dominic get she . leon' car slow . doe a 180 . and head back to letty . 196 pete tran . 197 look back at the roiling fireball consume he friend . pete lance , no ! he pull a fresh mag from he jacket . now he 's go to kill dominic . 198 199 200 201 202 203 - Blue revision 05/05/2000 85 . vince 198 unstrap the cable reel from he chest , wrap a turn of cable around he forearm and lean out forward fromthe grill . so he can leap onto the roof of : dominic' civic 199 swing back and forth in time with the swerving rig . not easy with a drive wheel run on the rim . pete tran 200 appear alongside dominic . dominic know it 's for keep this time . he jerk the wheel , duck , swerving away . just as - ~ Vince jump . and Pete open fire . brrrrdddddddt ! round pepper dominic 's car , the hood , the delicate engine . Vince fall under the rig 's massive bumper . be drag by the cable on he arm . pete tran 201 and the remain hurricane be far , far up the road make a speedy getaway . vince 202 be a tough customer , he pull himself out from under the truck . now halfway up the grill . vince I be okay . I be okay . he 's happily back on the grill . dominic' car 203 be die . the engine howl as it chew itself to scrap . thoomp ! a small explosion under the hood . and the engine quit . dominic that 's all she 's get . I need a ride . Leon , with letty already on board , sees dominic 's disabled Civic up a ahead roll to a stop up a ahead . screech ! he slam on the brake to pick up dominic . 204 205 206 207 208 209 Blue revision 05/05/2000 86 . in the cab 204 the anchor pull free from the seat , fly out the window . vince : 205 Falls under the cab . the anchor 206 catch on the bulldog hood ornament . under the rig be cab 207 Vince be buffete violently against the tire . the cable tear into he flesh of he arm . int . brian 240 sx - night 208 Brian and Mia drive past lance 's burn Hurricane and letty 's demolish Civic . mia it go bad . brian Real bad . next they pass dominic 's smoking and shot - up Civic . brian ( cont 'd ) two down . what they see ahead be Leon 's Civic , and it 's catch up to the tandem rig -- that be drag Vince underneath . scene mia it 's vince ! brian floors it , passing the civic . 209 Brian guide he car alongside the trailer where Vince be drag . brian drive ! Mia climb onto Brian 's lap . they limb tangling and untangle as Brian give she the control . mia I get it ! ( continued ) 209 210 211 212 Blue revision 05/05/2000 87 . continued : 209 Brian open the sunroof . stands up , buffete by wind . brian closer ! closer ! Mia guide the car right alongside the trailer . she work the wheel , expertly follow the back and forth swing . Brian lean way out of the sunroof . hanging over the side of the car , he leg brace he . he react to the pavement zoom past he face . he extend he arm , reach for Vince . the hood ornament 210 tear out . cable whipping -- vince 211 about to slide under large dual wheel -- Brian grab Vince 's belt with both hand . he pull he into a bearhug . brian get he ! stop ! stop ! Mia whip the car away from the tandem rig . eeeeeeeeee ! stomp the brake , the car swerving violently , Brian 's arm tight around Vince 's torso . the tandem rig go on its way . the 240 sx stop on the shoulder . ext . highway - night 212 Brian gently lay Vince on the street . kneel over he . Vince be pretty tear up . the cable have mutilate he right forearm . he have bad road rash . the black Civic come to a stop near they and dominic be out like a shot . Brian do a first aid assessment , all business . dominic you know what you be do ? ° brian gimme you belt . dominic yank off he belt . hand it to Brian . who tourniquet Vince 's arm just below the armpit . Brian straddle Vince and do heart thrust . ( continued ) 212 Blue revision 05/05/2000 88 . continued : ' 212 dominic get ready to blow air in Vince 's lung . Brian can see he have have training . dominic vee , I be kick you ass if you die . they . administer cpr for a long beat . Mia get out of the car and watch Brian , strike by how earnest he be . | after a set of chest thrust , Brian check for a pulse . to he great relief , he find one . brian he 's back . dominic he 's breathe , dominic 's relief be clear . he look at Brian . , brian someone do not start a couple full bore ivs , he 's dead in ten minute . Brian flip open he cell . chp officer voice highway patrol . State you emergency . brian ( into phone ) this be Officer Brian o'conner . I be off duty lapd . I need a lifeflight rollout . my twenty 's the 86 highway at mile marker fifty six . one trauma victim . twenty two year old . six foot . one eighty . he 's in shock , bleed out and in cardiac arrest . chp officer voice okay buddy , I be put they in the air , gimme you badge real quick . brian one nine six zero four . '' dominic look at Brian , overwhelm with betrayal . Brian feel just as betrayed , he jaw muscle rippling as he clenches he tooth . then Vince begin shaking violently . Brian and dominic give he they full attention . CUT to : 213 214 215 Blue revision 05/05/2000 89 . ext . desert - night . 213 a STAR on the horizon be move . helicopter Pov spotlight zoom across the desert . then onto the freeway . then onto the black Civic , Brian 's 240 sx and a cluster of people below . ext . desert freeway - night 214 Brian cover Vince with he body as debris swirl in the powerful chopper 's rotorwash . it be a maelstrom of light and noise . angle on the helicopter hover over the freeway and land . instantly two paramedics pop out and run toward camera with aid pack and a trauma board . the paramedics strap Vince to the board . Brian help carry he to the wait chopper . brian move ! move ! int . helicopter - night 215 Vince be load into the back of the air ambulance . Brian and Mia pile in . brian get in ! get in ! Brian look over he shoulder . what he sees the black Civic with dominic , Leon and letty inside be hightail it out of there . scene Brian be not surprised , he expect as much . e crew chief slam the door , give a thumb up and the pilot twist the throttle . the desert drop away . Mia look at Brian , who be watch the paramedics start ivs on Vince and prep bag of blood expander . Brian feel Mia 's gaze and turn the look at she . Mia squeeze he hand . cuT to : 216 217 218 219 Blue revision 05/05/2000 90 . omitted omitted int . brian 240sx ( moving ) - sunrise Brian and Mia somber . do a hundred on the 10 East . head back into l.a . the spire of downtown be amber tower of flame as the sun give they its morning kiss . CUT to : ext . toretto house - morning the big bad black buick regal be park on the lawn . the front door be open , Brian 's 240 sx pull to a stop and Brian and Mia get out . they look at the buick . mia what be you go to do to he ? Brian give she a look angle on dominic exite the front door with a shotgun . brian instinctively draw he gun . draw a bead on dominic . brian Drop it toretto ! no more run ! dominic stop . lower the shotgun to he side . dominic I do not run from you . I have to find jesse . Pete tran 's get he . I know this shit would happen . you gonna shoot I , cop ? dominic be desperate , anxious . Brian lower he pistol . brian lance Nguyen 's dead . Vince lose he arm . least he 's stable . enough be enough . tell I where jesse be . I will get a swat unit in there . we will handle it . dominic want he blood on you hand ? you know Pete 's a twisted freak . ( more ) ( continued ) 216 217 218 219 be 219 220 221 Blue revision 05/05/2000 91 . continued : ' 219 dominic ( cont 'd ) he hear a siren or see any more swat ninjas , he 's blow jesse 's head off . he 's a kid , man . he 's like family . brian what be you gonna do ? lose you head too ? you know what kind of firepower they get . a beat as dominic look at Brian in anguish . dominic I gotta do something , Brian . I be all he 's get . Brian bite he lip , think a beat . then : brian no you be not . let 's go . dominic be relieved . he get in the buick and its massive engine roar to life . Brian , get back in he car , give Mia a worried look . both car depart with haste . CUT to : omitted 220 ext . warehouse district - day 221 in San pedro near the Los Angeles Harbor facility . dominic 's buick pull behind a warehouse . Brian 's 240 sx stop alongside it . mia do not let he get himself kill . Brian look at Mia . brian I will not . Brian and dominic exit they car at the same time , weapon ready . they trade a look -- they be in this together . Mia get out of Brian 's car . brian / dominic stay in the car . she do , very reluctantly . dominic point the way . he and Brian cross to some dumpster . check weapon . dominic fumble with the shotgun 's action . ( continued ) 222 223 224 Blue revision 05/05/2000 92 . continued : ' 221 brian gimme the shotgun . ( off dominic 's look ) I shoot like you drive . dominic give he the shotgun . Brian hand he he Glock . they crouch behind the dumpster , eyeing a warehouse . it look like no one be here this quiet Sunday morning . dominic the guy who move my shit , that 's where he keep everything . brian Ted Henderson . dominic shoot Brian a look . dominic guess you only look dumb . Brian be observe the area with he train eye . omitted 222 ext . ted' warehouse - day 223 a big slide door be open about 2 foot . Brian and dominic approach the open door . it feel like a trap . brian let 's run for it . they back up for a good run start . and run as fast as they can for the intimidating open -- int . ted' warehouse - day 224 daylight pour into the dark warehouse from the partly open door . Brian charge inside , then dominic . Brian dive behind a row of pallet . follow by dominic . they lay flat on the concrete floor , panting . wider to get a look at this place . it 's full of the latest stuff everyone want . motorcycle . Big screen tvs. luxury car and part . vcr and dvd player . Brian and dominic take in the panorama before they . not a soul in sight , except for : jesse bound and gag . eye brim with agony and dread . because he be chain to the undercarriage of : ( continued ) 224 Blue revision 05/05/2000 93. continued : 224 a chevy suburban hanging from a gantry crane . it be slowly be lower to the cement floor . 20 foot to go . with its wheel remove , jesse will be squash like a bug . he thrashes madly . scream into the duct tape on he face . dominic and brian Trade incense look . dominic point at : the crane control BOX mounted to the far wall of the warehouse . a perilously expose stretch of open floor lead to it . brian wherever Pete be , assume he 's cover that control . dominic do not care . he go for it , up and run before Brian can stop he . brian ( cont 'd ) dominic , no ! dominic run across no man 's land . pete tran appear ducking out from between a row of steal bmw . he level the mac~ - 11 at dominic with a sadistic grin -- kerchack ! Brian shuck in a fresh one . shoulder the big gun -- brdddddt ! Pete open fire , he Mac firehose lead -- bullet tear into Big screen tv 's and motorcycle as they chase after a run dominic . he dive between two hurricane . boo -yeah ! Brian fire . take out a beemer windshield . pete tran be hit , he jerk backwards . disappear between the beemer . dominic still several yard from the crane control . trapped . bam - bam-bam-bam-bam ~bam ! he fire Brian 's pistol uselessly at the shadow . click -- it 's empty . ( continued ) 224 Blue revision 05/05/2000 94 , continued : ( 2 ) . 224 jesse stare at the cement floor a couple foot from he face . brian run out in the open , cycle the pumpgun -- kerchack ! sprint towards Pete 's position . he hit the ground , roll ... pete tran slap home a fresh magazine . he lay on he belly , to shoot under the car at Brian . the Mac clicking against the cement . brian Heard that , fire at the noise -- boo -yeah ! buckshot sizzle under the car . a ricochet zing into Pete 's shoulder . brian be up and run , towards the car . pete tran sees Brian 's foot run toward he . brrddddddddt ! strafes Brian 's leg . who zig as he run . bullet chase he foot . Brian jump onto a huge tv . bullet chew up its base , where Brian 's foot would have be . dominic sees a motorcycle helmet .. he sees the suburban be maybe 2 foot off the floor . time to act . he grab the helmet , stand and run toward the suburban , helmet under he arm like a football . aiming the empty gun in Pete 's direction . dominic ( cont 'd ~ it 's I Pete ! want I ? get I ! c'mon , Pete ! pete tran pop up like a demonic piece of toast . aiming at dominic -- '' 225 Blue revision 05/05/2000 95 . brian 225 run for the control . dominic dive for the suburban ... toss ' the helmet under the axle . pete tran open fire -- brdddddddddt ! bullet shred the suburban . brian slap the emergency stop button . the motorcycle under the helmet crack in two ... jesse's nose touches cement . pete tran whirl on Brian ... pete' finger -- tighten on the trigger . brian one hand on the stop button , the other grip the shotgun take a one hand shot -- boo - yeah ! pete tran jerk out of sight behind the car as buckshot split he chest open . the suburban it appear to be solidly rest on the floor . on jesse . Brian work the control and the suburban be suddenly lift several foot from the floor . dominic cross to jesse . his head hang limp . then he eye open and he begin thrashing . very much alive . dominic grin from ear to ear . Brian leap onto the hood of a beemer . sees Pete sprawle behind it . he jump down and kick the Mac out of the way . Pete be no threat . he 's dead . angle on ( continued ) 225 226 227 228 229 Blue revision 05/05/2000 96 . continued : : 225 the door . dominic walk out , silhouett by daylight . CUT to : ext . ted' warehouse — day 226 Brian 'walk jesse outside , a arm around he waist . Mia come run . Brian hand he off to she . brian he 's okay . call nine one one . Brian look for dominic . hear a massive engine starting . mia just let hiim go . brian I can not . Brian take off run ... what brian sees dominic 's buick disappear around a corner . scene Brian hop in he Nissan , start it and follow . cur to : omitted 227 omitted 228 int . brian 240sx ( moving ) - day 229 Brian burn up the road . dominic nowhere in sight . Brian 's cell ring . brian hello ? dominic' voice turn right on harper . - click . Brian sees harper street . make a sharp right . then stomp he brake -- eeeeeeeebeeeee ! because dominic be right there . stop at a red light . Brian 's Nissan stop several yard behind he . ( continued ) 229 230 Blue revision 05/05/2000 97 . continued : 229 Brian squint though he window at the buick . dominic extend a arm out and wave Brian forward . a beat . then Brian put it in first and pull up to the buick -- ext . intersection — day 230 --stopp nose to nose above white crosswalk line . the car , now side by side , rumble with power . dominic and Brian look at each other . dominic : we use to drag here when in high school . street be laid out all precise . that light up there ... up the sidestreet be another red stoplight . at a railroad crossing . dominic ( cont 'd ) be exactly one quarter mile from here . new angle to the leave , a good distance away be a freight train , move at a good clip . dominic ( cont'd when that light turn green , I be go for it . I be beat that train . brian just gonna drive away from everything ? dominic all I see here be you , ( a beat ) I only lose one race in my life . my first . my old man beat I bloody that night . never lose a race since . swear to God . Brian look at dominic , this two be way beyond bullshit each other . brian my dad be a cop . I know from the day I be bear I be gonna be one too . because he tell I so . they trade understanding lock . it 's all kind of funny , but it be not . that damn train ( continued ) 230 231 Blue revision 05/05/2000 98 . continued : 230 be get closer . dominic settles in he seat , because ... the other light be turn yellow . brian ( cont 'd ) you go , I go . Brian frantically set he turbo and nos controller . dominic be cool as a cucumber . dominic I be go . brian what be we racing for ? dominic freedom . Brian give he a nod . then two hand grab shifter -- 1st gear . two foot on clutch pedal . two payr of eye watch , wait for ... a GREEN light vroom ! the buick be a monster , its leave front wheel rise two foot off the ground as engine torque twist its chassis . the two car lunge forward . suddenly that train look closer than ever . second gear dominic pull ahead . int . brian 240sx ( moving ) ~ day 231 the car rocket forward . Brian ignore the gage and listen to the engine . time seem to slow as Brian finally find that special zone ... his face reflect a serenity we have not see before . it seem like forever as he clutches and shift into third . just as perfect as can be . he can almost hear each individual gear in the transmission . the car be speak to he as none have before . 232 233 234 235 Blue revision 05/05/2000 99 . int . dominic' buick ( moving ) - day 232 dominic can feel Brian right behind . dominic be in the zone too as he slip the buick into FOURTH gear . ext . railroad crossing - day 233 a scary place to be right now because a huge train and -- new angle -- two fast car be approach . int . train ( moving ) - day : - 234 the engineer react . because he 's about to nail two car . he curse they stupidity as he hit the airhorn . int . brian 240sx ( moving ) - day 235 Brian focus on get every last foot pound of torque from he engine . Computer , car and driver have become a trinity of acceleration . the train be so close Brian can feel the rumble of its diesel in he bone . the intersection a lot of fast move metal be come together and it look real bad ... the two car be dead even . dominic pull ahead . then Brian . then dominic again . now over a hundred mph . the train honking its airhorn . nothing can stop it . brian and dominic make eye contact . and within the molass of time that they both occupy now , dominic say goodbye . and slam it in sth . the buick pull ahead with sudden and surprising acceleration . brian realize he can never beat dominic . either he can hit the ' brake or ... ( continued )