T h E W o R L D I S N o T E N o U G h ( bond 19 ) -------------------------------------------------------------- gun barrel logo open on geneva switzerland , a unnaturally clean city that meld old Europe with new money of both dubious and legitimate source . int . hallway office build - day a engrave brass plaque announce the name of the " private banking institute " within . int . penthouse bank office - geneva - day jame bond , dress impeccably as ever , be be frisked by three thug in armani suit . they remove a gun from inside he jacket , a well - conceal knife , a metal case , lay they on the desk that separate bond and ... lachaise ... a extremely well - groom gentleman . behind he , three floor - to-ceil window lead out to a rooftop garden . lachaise not the usual swiss procedure , Mr. bond , but you understand , a man in my position .. bond which be neutral , no doubt . lachaise take the joke a little tight - lipped . gesture for bond to sit . a girl enter , a gorgeous swiss bombshell in a pin-stripe suit . she push a cart . on it be a briefcase and a box of expensive cigar , which she offer to lachaise and bond . lachaise it be not easy , but I retrieve the money . no doubt Sir Robert will be pleased to see it again . the efficient cigar girl bring the briefcase to bond , set it in he lap and open it up ... inside be a good deal of cash in pound sterling . lachaise in the current exchange rate , minus the fee , of course , and certain unforeseeable expense . here be the receipt ... the cigar girl offer bond a receipt ... cigar girl would you like to check my figure ? bond perhaps later . she step back . bond reach for the metal case on the desk ... the thug tense ... bond my glass . lachaise nod . bond can have he glass . he put they on , give a cursory look at the receipt ... a odd number in pound sterling , calculate down to the penny : 3,030,303.03 . lachaise it 's all there . bond fold the receipt , slip it into he wallet ... then , he remove the glass , slowly , deliberately , eyeing lachaise . bond I do not come for the money . the report you sell he be steal from a MI - 6 agent , who be kill for it . he take a photo from he jacket and lay it on the desk . lachaise I do not get the report from a MI - 6 agent . bond who do you get it from ? lachaise I be just a middle man . I be do the honourable thing and return the money to its rightful owner ... bond and we know how difficult that can be for the swiss . lachaise ( control fury ) you last chance . take the money . bond you last chance . give I the name . lachaise stripped of all you weaponry , you still threaten I ? he nod . a armani thug step up and take out a gun ... bond perhaps you fail to take into account my ... hide asset . bond 's mouth edge into a smile . a flicker of doubt on lachaise 's face -- as bond 's finger find a protrusion on the tiny arm of he glass and ... kaboom ! the pistol on the table flash ... blind that around , they cover they eye , stagger back ... it be a brief effect , just enough to disorient the thug and give bond he open ... he karate - chop henchman # 1 unconscious , take he gun . kick henchmen # 2 in the face and throw # 3 out the window just as they be get they bearing . now he nestle the barrel of he borrow hand gun into the hollow of lachaise 's cheek . bond the name ? lachaise I can not tell you ... ( bond cock the gun ) alright , alright ! but you must protect I ! and he freeze . the handle of a throwing knife be stick out of he neck . bond look up , catch sight of the cigar girl as she vault out the break window and onto the roof . bond rush to the window ... ext . verandah - roof - geneva - day she swing on a wire across to another roof , quickly disappear into shadow . bond can hear siren approach . he return to ... the office ... he grab the money and move fast for the door , casually slip that cigar into he pocket ... except henchman # 1 have recover , block he way , gun in hand . he start to squeeze the trigger -- when a red dot appear on he chest ... another window shatter as a bullet zing through and pierce the henchman in the heart . bond look back once at the shattered window , then head out . int . bank - geneva - day bond appear on the top floor of the grand old building , by the elevator . look over the balcony , see figure on the stair . hear the elevator cage start from below . think fast , he wrench open the steel gate , lean into the lift shaft , watch the elevator counterweight as it come down . almost nonchalant , he step out ... int . stairwell / elevator shaft - day as the cageful of police rise , bond be now stand on the counterweight , descending . ext . STREET - geneva lunchtime . faceless business crowd head for they brief moment of freedom , among they we spot bond ... one of they , with a briefcase and a suit and tie ... hold on he face , troubled . int . HOTEL - geneva - day the cigar girl enter a huge , high - ceiling room . edgy , she approach a big man stand on a balcony overlook the city . propped against the doorframe , a assassin 's rifle with laser - sight attach . binoculars be on a tripod , train on the rooftop below where we can see cop examine the shattered office window . the man turn . powerful , deadly , with a military haircut . there be a raise , red scar of a entry wound at he temple . it throbs and shift with the slight facial expression , like a insect live just beneath he skin . one eye seem slightly droop , deaden . the other eye be sharp and black as anthracite . it be a frightening face . this be renard . renard what 's he name ? we friend from MI - 6 ? cigar girl James bond . renard one of m 's more accomplish tin soldier . cigar girl he could identify I . renard if it concern you ... kill he . he touch she cheek and move into the room , pour two glass of wine . renard let 's toast this James bond . we be in he hand now ... CUT to : ext . river thame - london - day a seaplane swoops over the millennium dome , bank along the snake river . ext . mi-6 - london - day tate Gallery in background , the seaplane moor beneath the vast step cake that be MI - 6 . bond exit with the suitcase . int . security , mi-6 - day camera move with bond as he enter this secret , hi-tech world . he pass through countless security procedure , watch by a attentive staff . bond scoops the money out of the suitcase . Three million sterling in tightly bundle hundred make quite a sight . he flick he finger through the last wad , toss it down wistfully . a blue light scan it on three axis . the money be bundle into a clear plastic bag , put on a tray and wheeled through a series of bar enclosure into the secure room . bond hand the suitcase to a staff member . bond have this check , see what you can get off it . int . moneypenny's office , mi-6 - day bond appear , hide something behind he back . moneypenny brighten . moneypenny James . bring I a souvenir from geneva ? he produce the cigar , now in a large phallic tube . stands it end up on the desk . bond think you might want one of this . moneypenny ( beat , deadpan ) I give up a long time ago . ( nod to m 's door ) she 's in with Sir Robert . int . m's office , mi-6 - day bond enter . sir ROBERT king be perch on the edge of m 's desk . two glass , a bottle of scotch open . m Sir Robert King , James bond . King move toward bond with a easy , patrician smile . bond note a tiny badge in he lapel -- like the glass eye of a stuff snake . sir ROBERT thanks for get my money back -- never expect to see it again . you be the kind of man I could use . though I will not offend certain party by ask you to join King industry . King look to m , smile . bond construction 's not exactly my line . m quite the opposite , in fact . she could not resist . King smile at bond . as he go , he give m a respectful kiss on the cheek . the door close . m turn . bond Old friend ? m since Oxford . I know he when he have nothing but a brilliant mind and enough gut to conquer the world . he 's a man of great integrity . bond who busy classified report for three million pound . m pick up the report from she desk . bond notice it be in Russian , with a seal from a Russian military agency in the corner : miratom . m it 's a report on weapon security in the former Soviet Union , which , as you know , be shaky at best . he 's have several instance of sabotage at the pipeline , and he 's understandably concerned . he call I the moment he realize its sensitive nature . she pour a scotch for bond . he drop some ice in , thoughtful . bond someone be watch over I in geneva . a guardian angel with a laser sight . he stop , rub he thumb and forefinger together -- a strange sizzling where he touch the ice . realization sink in . bond King . m see the seriousness in he eye -- stab at the intercom : int . moneypenny's office , mi-6 - continuous moneypenny 's eye shoot to the intercom console : m ( filter ) moneypenny , stop King leave . moneypenny ( flick switch ) Security -- int . corridor , mi-6 - continuous Sir Robert King and a mi-6 aide walk toward security . int . q division , mi-6 - continuous q and he man be work on a strange half - build boat suspend over a water tank . q .. the hydro boat can operate in three inch of water ... he look up as bond run through ... int . security , mi-6 - continuous the money lie on the tray , wrap in plastic . Sir Robert approach , two row of security bar between he and the cash . a official produce a bag and move toward it : sir ROBERT thanks , but I will count it myself . ( apologetic , smile ) Lifetime habit . I be Scottish . int . lower corridor / security area , mi-6 - continuous bond shoot around the corner just in time to see Sir Robert disappear past the thick steel door of the secure room . bond stop ! King ! int . security , mi-6 - continuous the shout be muffle , Sir Robert 's more interested in the money . he continue toward camera , that pin on he lapel emit a serene hum and we CUT to : close on the metal strip in one note as it crackle and -- kaboom ! a massive explosion . int . lower corridor / security area , mi-6 - continuous mayhem . FIRE blast out of the open doorway just as bond reach it . the steel door fly toward he . he dive -- ext . mi-6 / river - continuous the building rock . smoke be pour from a hole that 's appear in a lower tier . a wall and a section of roof go . ext . mi-6 / river - continuous a figure stagger out , shake . catch he breath . bond . CUT to : ecu cigar girl line up bond with she infra-re telescopic sight . angle on bond in the swirl dust and smoke , he suddenly see a wand of red light , point at he chest . all instinct , he dive for cover . powerful , high velocity bullet hit blanket the area . bond prepare to return fire , scan around for the source . through the debris he spot a unusual , hi-tech boat on the river -- long and narrow and low . a figure on board . the cigar girl . angle on cigar girl she fire off a round of shot , force bond back into cover . then she gun the engine and speed off down the Thames . ext . mi-6 - continuous determined , bond race back into the wreckage ... int . mi-6 - continuous bond race through the chaos that be MI - 6 and into ... q division where he leap into the prototype boat . q protest ... q it 's not finish ! bond look at the mystify number of button and gadget ... press something red and ... the boat leap out , engine roaring ... ext . slipway - river - day the 007 theme kick in as : jame bond , in the q boat , shoot out of the MI - 6 rubble and onto the Thames . ext . river thame - day bond can see the cigar girl up ahead ... he be close the distance . she catch sight of he in pursuit ... ext . cigar girl - boat - day she push the boat to its limit , it roar to a new level of speed ... the chase be on . ext . thame - day Police speedboat , alert by the commotion , trail bond . on the embankment Police car scream alongside , siren wail . on the thame bond be lose ground as he and the cigar girl weave through traffic on the Thames . in a gutsy bid to keep pace , he corral the q boat into a hair-raise short -cut , shoot off ... underneath a pier he maneuver the boat under the low pier and emerge even closer to he prey ... ext . cigar girl - boat - day the cigar girl stop she boat , move to the back , man she large , rear-mountain machine gun and take aim at bond ... ext . river thame - day bond continue at full speed , fearless in the hail of bullet ricochete off the vessel . the cigar girl remains calm and cool , shoot with precision . bond close in ... cigar girl be eye widen as ... bond steer he boat right over the machine gun and turret ... cigar girl dive out of the way , as she boat become a ramp , launching the q boat into the AIR before it dive , nose - first , into the Thames . ext . - cigar girl boat - continuous cigar girl get up from the deck and see bond , turn he boat to close in for the kill ... she scramble to the helm and speed off , see ahead of she ... tower bridge just beginning to open , to allow for passage of a small tanker . ext . cigar girl boat she streak toward the bridge , bond lag behind ... on bond as he loose she boat in the distance , he make a desperate move ... he crank the wheel of he boat and veer off , up a slipway and into ... ext . fish market where the boat hydroplane on mass of surface water and propel he into ext . london STREET the hurtle boat cause mayhem and panic as he wrestle with the control , jetting off the street and straight toward ... ext . riverside restaurant bond 's boat crash right through it , send diner leaping in every direction . the q boat shoot out over the balcony and splashes down once more into ... ext . thame - day cigar girl be now clearly in he sight . she be amaze to see that bond have manage to overtake she . the racing boat dice through a armada of lazy , over - load barge , nearly crash into the much larger vessel . at even pace now ... cigar girl attempt to force she way past he , but bond , punch button on the console of the q-boat , release a set of catapult flame cannister which create a massive wall of FIRE ahead of they ... cigar girl be force toward the very edge of the river ... the jig be almost up , and then ... her p.o.v . she spot the launching of a hot AIR balloon from the base of the massive millennium dome . she skid she vessel to a stop at a nearby pier and quickly scramble out of she boat . ext . millennium dome - day ... a crowd around a richard branson - like figure about to climb into he hot AIR balloon . the cigar girl , brandish she gun , force she way through the crowd and leap into the balloon carriage , just ready to lift off . she crank open the gas nozzle and the balloon rise with surprising speed . ext . bond be boat - day bond steer he craft toward a slipway adjacent to the pier and shoot up into the AIR ... ext . millennium dome a amazing sight ... bond 's boat sailing through the air just beneath the balloon . with split second precision he reach up and grab one of the rope dangle down from the balloon . bond find himself be carried through the AIR as he boat fall away from he , hit the ground and erupting into a ball of flame . ext . hot AIR balloon - continuous as bond be carry higher and higher , the cigar girl begin firing at he over the edge of the carriage . bond , with one hand , return fire . cigar girl then lean over the edge of the carriage and begin to slice the rope that bond be hang from . the fiber split and fray away from each other as ... bond fall , head straight toward ... the millennium dome , which the balloon have drift over . as he plummet downward ... bond , never surrender , still fire he weapon up at the balloon . a bullet hit the gas tank ... ext . balloon - day the balloon explode in a massive fireball take the cigar girl with it ... ext . millennium dome - day bond land with a spectacular thudding bounce , the roof of the millennium dome break he fall . ext . millennium dome roof - day he slide uncontrollably down the slope of the dome as scrap of burn balloon rain down all around , before he fall off the edge of the dome and land with a thud on ... the ground below he struggle up , wince in searing pain as he hand go to he injured shoulder . he hold it , and look up , into the sky as we zero in on the iris of ... he eye reflect the massive smoke cloud from the explosion as the screen transform into ... the MAIN title CUT to : ext . country estate , loch lomond - day bagpipe . a chapel atop a green slope overlook the water of Loch lomond . a long line of mourner file out at the end of a memorial service . they mill about on the lawn , among they , m , grim - face , bill tanner , chief of staff and jame bond , he arm in a black sling . bond , ever vigilant , scan the crowd ... he p.o.v . it 's like a state funeral . Rich and powerful people , government minister , chief executive from around the world ... and then ... far off , on a distant rise , he see a big man , not one of the mourner but a isolate observer , stand alone , wear sunglass and a military haircut . the man seem to see bond look at he ... m bond , we will meet you inside . bond look at she for a brief second ... when he turn back , the man be go , like a apparition . bond walk off , up the grassy slope , toward the rise . CUT to : the view across the valley bond stand on the hill , look below . he see nothing but a green carpet , not a tree to hide behind . he hear a crunch of leave ... turn ... he p.o.v . a woman , in mourn black , come up the hill . her china doll face be both fragile and proud . woman beautiful , be not it ? bond yes . she step up to the ridge with he . a breeze blow she hair . they stare out . the sun 's ray have break the cloud and strafe the valley . woman today , of all day , the sun decide to shine . bond perhaps Sir Robert have a word with the man upstair . woman a word ? I be sure by now he 's engineered a hostile takeover . bond you know he well ? the sun glint off she bejewel earlobe . woman he be my father . bond I be sorry . woman he die before he could complete he lifelong dream . ( beat ) I intend to finish it for he . a voice interrupt they , call from the estate ... older man elektra ! elektra Excuse I . she walk away , the wind press she dress against she delicate figure . she look brave and vulnerable as she walk back toward she father 's grand house . CUT to : int . limousine - traveling - day m , bond and tanner in the rear of a limousine . the vehicle swoops through the epic countryside of the Scottish highlands . m elektra ? running King industry ? ( she brood ) I have know that girl all she life . I be not sure she know what she 's walk into . bond she 's not a girl anymore . m look at bond . eye he sling . m I have schedule a medical for you . bond it 's barely a scratch . the dome break my fall . m well , at least it turn out to have some purpose . bond give she a look . m no-one go into the field on this unless they be 100 % . Dr. greatrex be wait . ext . castle thane - highland - day the limousine swoops under the portcullis , into a courtyard . adjust angle to reveal huge antennae and satellite dish within . super : mi-6 remote operation centre , scotland ext . corridor - castle thane - continuous bond walk through the corridor . just before he enter the medical room , he remove he sling and casually drape it on a suit of armor . int . medical room - castle thane - day bond sit on the couch , shirt off , await the result of he medical . the very attractive doctor greatrex look at she note . doctor greatrex dislocate collar bone . if any more tendon snap ... ( look up ) it will not just be two week out of action . bond I need you to pass I fit now , Molly . she move to he , touch the scar and bruise bone . bond it 's just a scratch . doctor greatrex James . it would not really be ... his hand come up , rest on she waist . bond ethical ? can not we just skirt the issue ? and he pull down the zip on she skirt . flick the clasp and it drop to the floor . she shake she head -- as he start undoing the button on she shirt . she 's very business - like , despite what 's happen . doctor greatrex ... if you show sufficient ... willpower . Promised to slow down . cut out run , jump ... shoot . all kind of ... and he pull she toward he , they kiss . bond strenuous activity ? her shirt drop to the floor . she push he back , lie on he . just wear knicker now . between kiss : doctor greatrex then maybe I would be ... open to that . bond ( smile ) perhaps after this ... test ? doctor greatrex ...yes ?... bond I could come for a second opinion ? int . briefing room , castle thane ( MI - 6 hq ) - later a huge chandelier dominate the vast stone room . several agent listen to the debrief . robinson and m watch tanner explain thing ; he hold a fifty pound note and king lapel pin ( now blacken , fuse , melt to expose electronics beneath ) . tanner ... the money be dip in urea , dry , and pack tight . in one note the metal strip have be replace with a combustible magnesium circuit -- in effect a tiny detonator . King always wear a pin in he lapel , a heirloom call ' the Eye of the glen ' ; but someone switch it for a copy , a ceramic micro - circuit emit a electronic signature . angle on bond as he enter the room . he hang back in the shadow , watch tanner mime the pin move to the note : tanner when he come within range of the money -- boom . ingenious . m step forward . her fury control . m we have be pawn in someone 's game . they trick we into bring the money to King . not just elaborate . cock-sure . tanner and expensive . cost three million plus . suddenly the chandelier darken , the floor brighten into a vast screen , show a satellite image of Central Asia and the Mediterranean . m and Robinson walk onto the screen . m cheap , if it achieve you aim of de - stabilize the western World . she cause the desire stir . bond step forward from the shadow to get a better view . m see the sling have go . m 007 . what do you know of the Caspian Sea ? bond caviar capital of the world . matchless beluga . firm , yet subtle . ( m look askance ) largest landlocked body of water on Earth . oil-rich . Hitler want it . stalin beat he to it . m and now it 's up for grab , a goldrush . Far more oil than anyone think . robinson latest estimate , six trillion dollar . it will make the Gulf look like a puddle , see we right through the new century . the problem be get the oil out of there . m there be four pipeline in the work . Three to the Black Sea , shipping out through the bosphorus . all vulnerable to unstable government or Russian blockade . bond so Sir Robert 's go through Turkey , direct to the Med ...? robinson a huge project . the most expensive of the pipeline , but the one support by every western leader . none of the american oil company be willing to take it on . but King have connection to the region . he marry into the vavra family , rich local industrialist . he use that connection to hold it all together . bond kill the man , kill the pipeline . m not necessarily . not with elektra take over . tanner notice a red light start pulsing . he move to m : tanner you call to the pm . m nod grimly . as Robinson distribute seal envelope : m we credibility have be hit hard . we have to hit back harder . you assignment . they open they envelope , but bond receive nothing . m ( to bond ) I be wait for the report on you medical . she leave . bond be brood . CUT to : int . research room , castle thane ( MI -6 hq ) - night a ancient nook chock full of hi-tech equipment . bond concentrate on a screen display photograph , newspaper and television clip -- all to do with King 's life and time . bond touch the screen on a photo of ... elektra . int . screen one story dominate -- the kidnapping of elektra king . a Polaroid of elektra savagely beat , ear bandage , hold a newspaper : beneath the photo be scrawle " $ 5,000,000 . " newscaster ... somehow manage to shoot two of she captor and escape ... police video : elektra interview ; bruise , emotional . voice ... the leader , the one who escape . can you describe he ? elektra he shout . he shout all the time -- bond touch elektra 's face , freezing she tear . his eye wander to the photo with the ransom demand : $ 5,000,000 . a think form . he take out he wallet , open it and remove : the receipt from lachaise . e.c.u . the strange figure , in pound : 3,030,303.03 . bond tap some key . the word exchange rate appear on the screen ... pound to dollar . he enter ' 3,030,303.03 pound sterling ' and through multiplication by the exchange rate this become : ' 5,000,000 US dollar . ' he stare at it . CUT to : int . passageway - castle thane ( MI - 6 hq ) - dusk bond pace the flagstone , footstep echoing . int . briefing room - castle thane ( MI -6 hq ) - continuous bond open the door on m who stand alone by the window , look out at the long shadow on the moor . bond tell I about the kidnap of elektra King . she turn , she brow furrowing . m who tell you to look at elektra 's file ? bond I take the initiative . m you have not be give a assignment in this case . bond I be the one who bring that money in ... m I be well aware of you stake in this , 007 . if you have a point , get to it . bond the amount of money that kill Robert King be the same amount as the ransom demand for elektra . he hand she a slip of paper . bond whoever kidnap elektra be the same man who kill she father . m look at the paper , a long time . m it 's a message . he want we to know he 's back . bond who ? m Claude serrault . a.k.a ... bond ( this be serious ) renard . CUT to : int . briefing room , castle thane ( MI - 6 hq ) - night a huge , transparent 3-d image of renard skull float in the centre of the room . other image of he on wall screen . m Sir Robert try to deal with the kidnap with he own ... resource , at first . when elektra 's ear be deliver to he in the post , he come to I . ( measure ) I advise against pay the ransom . I know it be renard . I play it out as long as possible to get a fix on he . bond sacrifice the girl to take out the terrorist ? m how many death be he responsible for ? how many innocent people ? you may only get one shot at a man like renard . same circumstance , I would do the same again . she turn to the hologram . m we send 009 down to kill he . before he could , elektra escape . a week later we man catch up with the target . put a bullet in he head . ( beat ) that bullet be still there . bond move toward the ghostly renard . we now see the bullet inside he skull . bond he survive ? m the doctor who save he could not get it out , so renard kill he . when interpol find the x-ray , there be mild jubilation . effectively , he 's a dead man . she press a button , the hologram turn ... m the bullet be move through the medulla oblongata , kill off he sense of touch . he feel no pain . he can push himself harder , longer than any normal man . bond ' that which do not kill I make I stronger . ' m now Robert be dead . he get he revenge . bond he 's not through yet . renard do not blow up five million dollar unless he know there 's more come in . he 's work for someone . someone who want to stop the pipeline . and they hire the perfect killer . one with a vendetta against King ... and you . moneypenny enter with a file , which she hand to M. m look over the file : he medical report . m I see the good doctor give you glow testimonial . ' exceptional stamina ' ... moneypenny he 's always be good at oral exam . moneypenny disappear out the door . m be all business . m get out to the pipeline . find the insider who switch the pin . if you instinct be right , renard will be back . he have not complete the job . the pipeline be still go forward , and we have elektra to thank for that . bond the worm on the hook again . they exchange a look . a look of recognition between two professional , who know the terrible price of what they do . int . q's lab - night a Scot in a kilt play the bagpipe -- badly . he spin round , drop the pipe from he mouth , simultaneously fire bullet from one pipe and a jet of flame from another . the target be a realistic dummy -- now a molten , bullet - ride mess . we be in q 's laboratory . he 's walk bond through . bond Scottish heavy metal , q? q oh pipe down , 007 . ( irritate , hand over a watch ) you 29th . try not to lose this one . it have dual laser and a miniature grapple hook with fifty foot of high - tensile micro-filament , able to support 800 pound . in the background , we see a man in a sleek black jacket . the man pull a string ... the jacket become a airbag ... it envelope he , he get impossibly tangle in it . q ignore it , hand bond a new pair of glass . q New refinement . sort of x-ray vision . for check conceal weapon . bond and other use , no doubt . q abuse in you case . you destroy my hydro - boat in less than seven minute , as no doubt will be the case with this ... he press a button and a section of ceiling lower to reveal a BMW Z7 . a man in a white coat be load a missile into one of the headlamps , then step off the platform . q gesture to he . q 007 , my deputy Assistant . I be groom he to follow I . bond ( to man ) that would make you ... " R " ? R ahh , the rampant 007 wit . I , of course , be laugh inside . but I dare say you have meet you match in this machine . ( touring the car ) the absolute latest in intercept , surveillance and countermeasure . titanium plate and armor , a multi - tasking head - up display . completely indestructible . all in all , rather stock . q ' fully load ' I think be the term . " R " pat the fender , he 's pretty damned fond of he machine . R do take good care of she . CUT to : ext . construction site , near caucasus mountain - day a hot day . camera soar over tall tree . we can just make out the sleek muscular car , beetle - black and far below , bounce over rough terrain . bond " take care " of he new BMW Z7 . int . bond be car - no caucasus mountain - day we join bond at the wheel , drive hard , loving it , push up extreme incline , smash through overhange limb . ext . perimeter fence , construction site , near caucasus mountain - day bond reach a perimeter fence , manned by a guard . the guard examine bond 's pass and wave he through . ext . airstrip area near construction site , near caucasus mountain - day ( old sc . 69 ) as bond drive on he pass a area where helicopter trail giant saws be trimming back tree . fell tree be be drag away , be replace by huge metal sheet . a incredibly fast and well - oile operation -- but why ? ext . construction site , near caucasus mountain - day bond pull up at the construction site , teeming with ultra - modern robotic construction machine and vehicle . he get out , and be immediately surround by man with gun . a man in a suit step forward . davidov be tall , blonde , with a dangerous charm bond instantly recognize as ex -kgb . he turn bond around , hand on the car . pat he down . pull out a id , check it : davidov ( excellent English ) bond . a government man . I be afraid since you English get the boss kill we have be a little ... jumpy . bond stare ahead , watch a private jet swoops past ... omitted ext . airstrip area near construction site , near caucasus mountain - day the jet land on a runway of the metal sheet bond see be laid as he pass ... ext . construction site , near caucasus mountain - day davidov pull out bond 's gun . bond ( be : gun ) I would rather you do not play with that . davidov ignore he , look the gun over . davidov Nice . bond quite stun . bond turn to watch a lifting helicopter swoop in and drop down a air-condition office . military precision . davidov 's radio crackle out a message and he toss the gun back to bond . they start walk : davidov ( pleasant ) sorry about all that , comrade . Old habit die hard . I be head of Security . davidov . bond eye he , but be distract by a jet come to a halt ahead of they . stair swing down and out step elektra king . beautiful , elegant . so out of place in this world of man . she survey the worksite . impress , bond take he id back from davidov . int . office , construction site - continuous bond and davidov step into a fully function office . everything elektra require be here . Computer , phone , drink cabinet . she be in the middle of a group of workmen and secretary , look at plan , talk , pour herself a cup of coffee . elektra ( to Foreman ) ... they should have be in place two day ago . that be the target my father set . foreman we have have some trouble with the villager at ruan . some sacred burial plot ... davidov miss King ... James bond here to see you . she look up ... a brief moment of recognition ... then back to business . elektra find I the research on the limestone deposit , go ahead and place this order , and get the jeep ready . I will go to ruan myself ... davidov miss King , I would not recommend ... elektra I say , I will go . she sign some document and the man file out . she get up , turn she back to bond , hand on she hip . elektra would you excuse we , davidov ? davidov nod and leave . elektra still keep she back turn , but he can see she physically change , she shoulder sag , she arm cross in front of she . when she find she voice , it have a gravelly sound of emotion . elektra I meet you at my father 's funeral . bond yes . elektra I have not be able to recall a single moment of that day ... until now . bond funeral be not exactly memorable . elektra God no . all that horrible love one and relative . I do not want to talk to that people . I just want to ... talk to my father . ( beat ) I love he . I be not sure he know that . bond be that why you want to finish the pipeline ? elektra partially , yes . her muscleman body guard appear , say briefly : gabor the jeep be ready , ma'am . will I be drive with you ? elektra no , gabor . we have a guest . gabor glare at bond before he leave . bond who be he ? elektra my bodyguard . he follow I everywhere . he 's decisive , vigilant . and he make a excellent omelette . bond how long have he be with you ? elektra since the kidnap . why do you ask ? bond take something out of he pocket , he open he palm , show it to she . bond do this look familiar to you ? elektra it 's my father 's pin . he wear it everyday of he life . she swallow back emotion . look in he eye , with a sad half - smile that unsettle he . elektra be you try to break my heart ? or be it just you way with woman ? bond it 's not the pin you father wear . it 's a exact duplicate . Inside be a tiny electrical detonator . we have reason to believe the assassin have a inside accomplice , someone who work at this company . elektra if you have come here to look after I , Mr. bond , thank you , but no thank you . I have two bodyguard , I do not need a third ... she start to walk out . he follow she ... ext . construction site - continuous bond the killer do not want to see this pipeline continue , do not want to see you take over ... elektra that 's every man within a five mile radius . include you . ( off he look ) that 's why you be here , be not it ? you think I can not do it . you think I be go to screw up . or get myself kill . bond I think run this pipeline would be a difficult job for anyone . especially King 's daughter . elektra you be wrong , Mr. bond . in fact , I be the only person who can do it . CUT to : ext . jeep , traveling - oilfield - day elektra drive the all - terrain jeep with casual assurance . bond be beside she , cold - weather gear in the back . they be follow a huge pipeline , pass a blight petrify forest of twisted iron : derelict oil derrick . elektra gesture at the oil field they be now leave behind . receding into the distance , a delta of roadway perch on rusting stilt jut out into the sea . elektra my mother 's people discover oil here ninety year ago . the bolsheviks slaughter they for it . ( beat ) some say oil be in my family 's blood . I say we blood be in the oil . this be the very heart of the planet . up here in the hill be eden , literally . look what the Russians do to it . now we have a second chance and this time we will do it right . when the other well have all dry up , she will still be pump she lifeblood to the world . and this ( proudly , of pipeline ) will be one of the main artery ... omitted 75 - ext . Pov from helicopter - day bond and elektra travel beside the vast pipe through dramatic , beautiful , scenery ... int . helicopter - day davidov and gabor , in the helicopter , watch the jeep below . ext . construction camp , foothills of the caucasus mountain ( cappadocia , the village of zelve ) - day the jeep reach a break in the pipe : a survey camp , flag , string . the survey crew cower behind a 4 WD , local tribesman be stone they from a village carve into the rock . a lot of shout . before bond can stop she , elektra get out , move toward the tribesman . the stone cease . they know who she be . she begin to speak quietly -- in they own tongue . int . chapel , zelve - day a stun pre-byzantine chapel hewn from the rock . flame illuminate beautiful mosaic and painting on the cavern wall . a coptic priest proudly show elektra about , jabber in he mother tongue . she answer in he language . bond watch she , impressed . ext . construction camp - distorted electronic Pov , from above : we hear the click of high - power electronic binocular , zeroing in on bond and elektra as they return to the survey team . this can not be davidov 's view , as the helicopter have settle down below . ext . construction camp , foothills of mountain - day bond be edgy . someone be out there . he 's sure of it . he see davidov and gabor scan the area as well . elektra speak to the foreman . elektra send the pipe around . foreman it will take week , cost million . you father approve this route . elektra then my father be wrong . the first time elektra have assert she own authority . the foreman be surprised , angry . but he do not question she . she move toward the helicopter , say to bond : elektra I have to check the upper line . gabor will drive you back . bond always want to see the upper line . elektra you do not take no for a answer , do you ? bond no . she shrug , mischief in she eye . elektra alright then . do you ski ? bond just smile . bond I have be know to . int / ext . helicopter - day the chopper swoops over snowy wastes . it reach a mountain peak , hover . the wind be strong , buffete . elektra and bond be both now in ski suit , bond wear a sleek black jacket . pilot can not land . wind 's too strong ! elektra just hold she steady . ( to bond ) you want to see it . she step into she skis , open the door . wind rush in . ext . mountain top - day without a moment 's hesitation , elektra leap out of the chopper and fall fifteen foot , landing on the move . int / ext . helicopter - day unbelieve , bond quickly don skis and leap after she . ext . mountain - day below he on the mountain , she be already a way ahead . her ski be fearless . bond like a challenge ... they wind down the slope , competitive , testing one another , enjoy it . ext . mountainside - day after a exhilate run , she stop on the edge of a huge drop . bond join she . they look down at the snowy valley below . a line of survey flag visible through the middle . elektra we be building from both end . this be where they will meet . Fifteen hundred mile from the Caspian to the Mediterranean . bond and elektra stand on the mountainside , feel like the only two people in the world , when they hear : the distant hum of a plane . ext . sky - day they see four object fall out the back of the aircraft . as the object plummet silently toward the earth , they pop parachute , they fall slow and then , as bond and elektra watch in disbelief ... gunfire echoe out from the black shape , now visible as paraskis , low -fly , sleek , deadly snow vehicle . ext . mountain top - day bond turn to elektra , he have to yell over the sound of the approach machine . bond head for that gully , I will lure they into the tree ! he point she off to one side , where a shallow gully offer cover ... she skis off to shelter and he skis out ... into the OPEN ... where the paraskis trail after he ... he streak toward the tree as the vehicle gain on he , fire ... ext . forest he make it to the wood , find cover in the tree , whipping in and out of sight as paraski # 1 try to follow , sink lower and lower until ... he skid catch on some over hang branch ... the paraski be catapulted into a tree and explode ... ext . wood - continuous come in to pick up the pursuit of bond be paraski # 2 , fire down at bond , drop bomb which explode just behind he in the snow . the other two paraskis land and eject they chute , now racing through the wood on the ground . bond look behind he , see they gain ... he zigzag through the tree and sucker paraski # 3 to glance off one tree , hit another and wipe out behind . but the remain predator on the ground , paraski # 4 , be gain on he ... bond burst out of the tree and find himself head toward ... the edge of a precipice ... he crank himself right , narrowly avoid a tumble over the edge . paraski # 4 be not so lucky and sail off the cliff to a hundred and fifty foot drop . bond ( smile ) should have stick to snowboard . but the smile be wipe off he face as ... a emergency parachute deploy from the back ... the paraski do a climb turn and head straight back for he ... bond skis for he life , away from paraski # 4 when paraski # 2 appear in front of he ... gun blaze ... one ahead and one behind , bond turn back ... he have nowhere to go but ... over the edge he sail through the air and land on the paraski # 4 , slashing the parachute with he ski pole before bounce off and do a amazing tumble hundred foot fall to the snow , where he land on he skis ... paraski four , the chute tangling in the rotor of its propeller , struggle to maintain control , he vehicle inexorably hurtle toward paraski # 2 : both of they have set they course for bond , they be now on a collision course with each other ... in the gully below bond meet up with elektra as above they ... the two paraskis collide , crash into the snowy hill above and tumble down , end over end . bond and elektra huddle together as shard and debris rain down on they . then ... silence . a eerie silence . elektra be they go ? all of they ? bond nod , rip from he pole a piece of the parachute he slashed and wiping he face with it ... he look at the piece of fabric in he hand . he see : cyrillic letter ... undecipherable to we ... but there be a look on he face , a look of recognition as ... a earth rattling rumble grow above they . bond stuff the parachute fragment in he ski-suit as he turn ... the explode paraskis have trigger a avalanche on the slope above . ext . mountainside / avalanche area - day they try to outrun it -- riding the slide hill -- but they have not a hope ... the rest of the snow be catch they , they be go to get swallow . ext . mountainside / avalanche area - day the ground shudder , the thunder close ... they ankle be soon cover , elektra fall . bond stop , pull she up . they be about to die . he pull she to he . bond hold on to I . she 's confuse and frighten but do as she 's tell . they hold one another tight as -- here it come -- the white fury hurtle over they , bury they ... at the last moment , just as they head vanish from view ... close on bond pulling the q gadget on the jacket . the airbag slam open . the snow cover it and they . more and more snow slide over ... CUT to : int . snow hole - moment later darkness . the rumbling cease ... Light emanate from bond 's watch . in the shadow he pull a knife , puncture the air bag . it deflate , leave they cocoon in a icy tomb . elektra look around , stare , unbely . elektra oh my God ... we be bury alive ... bond we be alright . but she breath be come in short , irregular burst . elektra I can not stay here . bond you be not go to . bond take a knife from a sheath around he ankle . flick open the small blade . he start to cut a hole in the snow above they head . she stop he . elektra no ! it will cave in ! bond it 's the only way out ... the snow creak eerily , she gasp , terror mount . elektra I can not breathe , I can not breathe ... bond grab she , hold she tight . she resist , buck . bond elektra , look at I , look in my eye ! ( she do ) you be alright . everything will be alright . trust I . finally , arrest by the strength in he eye , she calm ... ext . mountain - moment later a beautiful expanse of smooth virgin snow . all be quiet . closer bond 's fist punch through the white . he pull the snow away , climb out . leans in , lift elektra out . bond and elektra stand , lone figure in the perfect white . they hear a sound ... helicopter rotors . rescue on its way . CUT to : ext . elektra's villa - day a establish shot of bond 's BMW park outside the ornate villa on the shore of the golden Caspian . int . entrance hall , elektra's villa - day palatial . hallway dominate by a large painting of a bearded man in traditional turkish garb , sit proudly on a horse . davidov , gabor , wait , pace . bond be sit in a chair , on edge , write something over and over on a small pad of paper ... the cyrillic letter on the parachute fragment . a doctor come down the grand staircase . the man stand . doctor she 's fine . contusion . a slight strain to she ankle , but otherwise , fine . ( to bond ) she want to see you . int . elektra's bedroom - sunset bond enter . elektra be stand by the window watch the golden ball of the sun sink into the sea . she wear nothing but a silk embroider robe ; the sun show through it , outline she naked body in soft , shadowy curve . elektra be you alright ? he nod . he be wound tight , she sense it . bond I can not stay . elektra I know . a moment . elektra I need to ask you something . and I need you to tell I the truth . he wait . elektra who be it ? who be try to kill I ? bond look at she ; vulnerable , fragile , try to be strong . he can not tell she the truth . bond I do not know . but I will find he . she stare at he , sense he be withhold something . she turn back to the window . he approach behind she . elektra after the kidnap ... I be afraid to go outside , to be alone , to be in a crowd , to do anything at all , until I realize ... ( pause ) there 's no point in live if you can not ... feel alive . she look out at the fade sun . elektra I can not huddle in the shadow . I can not let fear run my life . I will not . she turn to he . elektra the way I act , in the snow ... you must think I be a coward . bond I think you be one of the bravest people I have ever meet . she look up at he , into he eye ; they be so close . all she have to do be tilt she mouth upward ... she kiss he . his hand come up across she back , press she toward he , she body melting into he , and then ... he pull back . have to physically step away from she . elektra what be it ? bond ... you should rest . that be exactly the wrong thing to say . he see the rebellion flair in she eye . elektra James ... bond I have to go . elektra then take I with you . bond no . you will be safe here . elektra I do not want to be safe ! bond I have to go to work . he start toward the door . elektra now who 's the coward ? he stop , he back up ... then head out the door . in the hallway he pass gabor , stand faithfully outside . CUT to : EST . shot - ext . casino noir d'or , baku - night elegant , mysterious . a modern day casablanca . int . casino noir d'or , baku - night bond in evening dress in the sumptuous casino . he take out the q glass , slip they on , survey the room -- he x- ray Pov he can see all the weapon carry by the player . all size of pistol , even the odd grenade . the obvious side - effect of this view -- he can see through clothes . his eye alight on two girl walk away from he . one of they turn to look back , unaware that she be on display . she return bond 's smile . her friend turn to look . bond 's smile grow : she have a small pistol conceal over one breast . int . casino noir d'or , baku - night he look over the lense -- and spy someone on the fringe . his old adversary , ex -kgb , Valentin zukovsky , talk to some suspicious type . Zukovsky look across . bond walk toward he . bond Valentin Zukovsky . zukovsky bondJame bond . what bring you here ? bond you , of course . I need some information . zukovsky bond , I be a civilian . this be my place . use to be the royal family 's , now it 's mine . I run my little business , I stay out of trouble ... bond ( look about ) mafia warlord , diplomat and spy , consortium from every country in the world . a nice little rat 's nest . zukovsky ( offer hor d'ouevre ) have some of the rat 's nest caviar . from my own fishery . they buy my caviar , drink my champagne , lose to my House . he turn to a suspicious - look heavy . zukovsky let I introduce you to a former colleague of mine at the kgb . dmitri palov , you may know he as ... the boa . the boa be completely bald , muscular ; huge , deadly hand . boa the great 007 . for year I have dream of close my hand around you neck . bond boa . have you have any therapy since perestroika ? zukovsky why be I suddenly worried I be not carry enough insurance ? the boa leave , glaring all the while . zukovsky see ? you be upsetting my customer . what do you want ? bond how do a terrorist like renard supply he man with state - of - the-art Russian Army weapon ? zukovsky what ? this be not possible . bond take from he pocket the fragment of the parachute . Zukovsky examine the letter . bond if I remember my cyrillic that say 101st airborne division . zukovsky where do you get this ? bond off a high - power paraski that be try to kill I . Zukovsky shake he head . sigh . zukovsky the Russian Army , they spend million on fly skis , but they cannot afford to pay the soldier . the man , they do what they have to do to feed they family . in this country , for the right price and a pack of cigarettes , you can get anything you want . he notice bond watch the hostess bar ... a dark alcove of the casino , where slinky hookers flatter the guest . zukovsky that too . everyone do what they can to survive . bond how high up do this ... arm deal go ? zukovsky bond . if someone want you dead , it be renard . we government have nothing to gain by kill you . bond but you would have something to gain by kill Robert King . and stop he pipeline . this hit Zukovsky . he close down . a chill between they . zukovsky poor bond . the cold war be over . what have you get leave ? economic espionage . murder in the boardroom . so dull . bond 's eye catch something , someone enter the casino . he Pov : elektra ... more vibrant than we have ever see she , live up to she name . she be impossibly glamorous in a sparkling dress that fit like second skin . her hair be full and tumble , she eye be fiery and wild . bond oh , you would be surprised . bond start toward she , but she toss she head , defiant , and turn away , make she way to the roulette table . bond follow she across the casino . they be like two cat , move through this neon jungle , they energy dangerous and sexy , all eye on they . he take note as she pass ... minimum $ 100 , then $ 500 , $ 1000 ... she finally stop at the ' no limit ' table . crowd with the nastiest and richest of the high roller , armenian , Turks , South Americans , a computer nerd american and a Russian industrialist 's wife , heavy with jewelry and drink . zukovsky be suddenly there , pull out a seat for she in the center . zukovsky we have keep you father 's chair free . elektra and he account ? zukovsky you have a credit line of a million and a half . he gesture to the Dealer , who push ten tower stack of chip toward she . a waitress be right there to take she order . elektra vodka martini . bond two . shaken not stir . he lean in , smile he charming smile as he say : bond what the hell be you do here ? elektra ( smile right back ) someone want to kill I , I would rather die look he straight in the eye . ( lightly ) what be you do here ? look for a woman a little more you type ? how about that one ? she point to a show girl in a feather headdress and pasty . bond if this little show be for my benefit , I will take you home right now . elektra you have you chance , James . now I be look for a bigger thrill . she push half she chip back onto the table , let they stand on she bet . the whole table exhales . then , it start : bet be place , gambler energize by she arrival . bond scan the room , vigilant , nervous ... he p.o.v . he zeroe in on davidov , sidling off , away from the table , try to look nonchalant , he eye shifting this way and that ... he look suspicious as hell . bond watch , he blood run , and then ... davidov slip into the hostess bar . a hooker be soon wrapping herself around he . after a few word , she lead he off toward the back . bond return to the game , shaking he head . he watch as the dealer deal from the shoe . CUT to : int . salon priv '' - night a small room . lit by sconce that sport live flame . tacky - luxurious , a refracted Eastern reflection on a old west whore house . davidov undress in the little bathroom alcove . he face a small ornate mirror over the sink , in which he can see the hooker behind he , on the bed . hooker you want to be ... on top , or not on top ? davidov on top . she slowly pull a pair of silk rope out from she bra and dangle they . hooker tied up , or not tie up ? davidov smile , struggle with he belt . he look down , get it , look up ... he heart stop ... it be not the hooker in the mirror but ... renard frightening face . davidov spin . he p.o.v. renard 's henchman stand by the door , a automatic rifle cocked at davidov . renard Dead , or not dead ? CUT to : int . casino - the black jack table elektra with black king show . a seven beneath . bond I understand it 's normally good practice to get the feel of the card before go off the deep end . elektra really ? and with a smile she scratch she card on the table for a hit . the Dealer give she a eight . she reveal she card . dealer bust . he rake in she chip . but elektra be undeterred . she push another pile forward as the next deal commence . elektra I like the deep end , James . CUT to : int . salon prive the henchman hold davidov against the wall with he huge fist around he neck . near he head , the live flame of a sconce hiss , burn blue and yellow , draw they fuel from the glass basin of hot oil attach beneath it . the hooker , obviously one of renard 's gang , have finish don she khaki pants and combat boot and strap a gun onto she shoulder . renard look distastefully at the room . renard be this how you spend the money I pay you ? and with the rest you hire fool who shoot like blind man ? davidov ( croak out ) bond ... renard should be dead as well . you failure today be astonish . it be a disgrace . he approach close to he , stop at the flame sconce near he head . renard do you know why the color be blue at the wick ? davidov start to sweat . renard because that be where the flame be the hot . renard touch the glass well of oil . renard the temperature be close to five hundred degree . renard use he knife and pop the seal from the lamp , remove the well of oil ... a drop of the hot oil fall on he hand and singes it black in a instant ... renard do not even flinch . davidov start talk , try to placate ... davidov the plane ... it 's all be arrange ... renard then you be completely unnecessary ... renard raise the container of oil over davidov 's head : davidov I have the document , the landing authorization , the security pass ... renard stop , the oil tilt , just ready to pour ... his dead eye ... have it drooped further since we last see he ?... seem to glitter in the light ... renard bond be suspicious . we be move sooner , tonight . we understand each other ? davidov yes ...yes ... renard let a trickle of oil drop onto davidov 's head ... he scream as he hair smoke and singe ... renard make a motion , the thug release davidov , who fall to the floor , clutching he head . CUT to : int . casino - the black jack table another deal . zukovsky and other watch , as elektra stake even more . people move closer for a view . the Dealer show a five . elektra show bond she card . elektra be hold two eight . Dealer 's up - card be a six . bond stand or split they . she smile . he hold she gaze . elektra surely you believe in live dangerously . bond not at that price . time to surrender . they eye one another a long while -- sex firmly in the air . she smile . she move all her chip forward . bond catch a look between the Dealer and Zukovsky : dealer the House have no limit . General kerfuffle . bond look back toward the hostess bar ... no sign of davidov 's return ... elektra ( to Dealer ) hit I . the Dealer scoops a card from the shoe . tension . everyone hold they breath ... as he turn over ... -- a six . bust . the audience inhale as one as the dealer take all her chip away . elektra stand . she have dignity in defeat . she turn to bond , hold out a hand . elektra time to surrender . ext . casino - night bond , elektra , gabor outside , davidov soon join they , try to look like he have not be through hell . bond notice the burn on he head . davidov touch it self - consciously . davidov a little accident . bond a night of burn passion ? davidov scowl at he . bond lead elektra away ... CUT to : a distant p.o.v. from high above . someone watch bond and elektra move toward he BMW . henchman ( v.o. ) what about bond ? ext . casino roof renard and he henchmen , watch . renard seem mesmerize by the sight of bond 's hand on the small of elektra 's back , they easy sensuality as they both get into the car . henchman sir? Sir ? renard ( seethe ) I will take care of mister bond . CUT to : ext . elektra's villa - night bond and elektra emerge from the BMW . behind they , gabor and davidov get out of she car . bond watch as davidov slam he door and march off , angry , toward the security quarter at the side of the house . bond and elektra walk to the front door , anticipation thick in the air . gabor open the door . elektra sweep through ... int . entrance hall , elektra's villa - night bond pause just inside the open doorway . he p.o.v . two figure in the cavernous entrance hall , elektra have a brief word with gabor , before he turn and exit , leave only ... elektra and bond . she start upstairs , bond 's eye lock on she body , and then : she look back ... just once . but it say everything . she continue upward . bond tap the front door close with he foot . int . bedroom , elektra's villa - night half-light . they be entwine between the sheet . this be something slow , languorous , not to be rush . we can not make out the mechanic , but they be bead with sweat . her finger trace the contour of he torso . linger on he bruise collar-bone . elektra you know when you first see I . you know it would be like this . bond shush . her hand dip in a ice bucket beside the bed . she rub a slither of ice down she chest , shudder with pleasure . it 's a move bond have not see before . now she bring the ice to he shoulder . elektra poor shoulder . look painful ... she kiss he purple flesh . lick . bond ... need constant attention ... she slide she tongue back and fore along the groove above the tendon . and he pull the ice from she hand : bond enough ice for one day . toss it across the room as passion take over ... int . bedroom , elektra's villa - later a puddle of water where the ice fall . post-sex on the bed . he trace a hand down she naked back . the sweat glisten off the curve of she spine . she turn . the light glint off she jewell earlobe ... he touch it . bond you never take this off ? elektra look at he . elektra why do man always want to undress the one part of a woman 's body she do not want to reveal ? she reach to the large , diamond - encrust earring and gently pluck it away . pull she lush hair back ... the lower half of she ear be go , reduce to a misshapen clump of scar tissue . it be the only mark on she perfect body . a physical reminder of she ordeal . it break he heart . bond how do you survive ? elektra I use my body on the guard . it give I control . I get to a gun and I take my chance . ( beat ) I have never tell anyone that . they be look at each other , both suddenly feel something dangerously close to real connection . it be not what bond expect . elektra do you ever stop , James ? do you ever think about ... another kind of life ? he hold she gaze for a long time before he look away . bond I can not afford to . she frown , slightly . settles into he chest . elektra do not worry . I know who you be . he hold she , eye full of conflict , stare into the dark . ext . villa - night - later the light of a car pull up at the security office by the perimeter wall of the property . ext . security quarter - same bond 's car , several of elektra 's vehicle , all park around the security office . they have be join by : a white economy car , a Russian make , with a familiar seal paint on the door ... we have see it before , the seal on top of the steal report at the beginning ... miratom . out of the driver 's seat step ... davidov . he carry a briefcase from the car to the front door of the security office . he look around furtively before he disappear inside . the parking area be dark and silent and then : jame bond sit up in the driver 's seat of he BMW . int . BMW - same bond stick he key in the ignition and activate the car 's various system . he p.o.v. davidov be a shadow in the office window . bond flick a switch . a needle - thin beam be direct from the BMW to the window of the office . he can hear a synthesis of davidov 's voice ... davidov ( v.o. ) I be run late ... no , no , I will make it ... how will they know I be you man?...romashka...romashka...alright . bond hear the click of a phone hang up . he flick another switch in he car , a infra-re tracking system activate in he windscreen ... he can now see davidov perfectly as he come out of the security quarter , carry a briefcase and a large duffle bag which he carry to the car and load into the trunk . he go back inside . bond get out of the BMW . he move stealthily to the Russian vehicle and , use the laser beam on he watch , open the lock on the trunk . it pop open . bond see the briefcase , and the dufflebag , and ... something else ... something beneath they ... he move the object aside : a man be fold into the back of the trunk , he head slump forward , dark hair on the back of he head slightly wet ... blood ? bond tip the head back , revealing glassy dead eye . bond lean in and pluck a badge from he white shirt pocket . it have a photo of the dead man and read , in English and cyrillic : leonid tashka - field inspector . on the corner of the badge ... the russian seal ... miratom . the one from the report . bond touch it with he thumb , recognize it . at the office davidov be come out ... bond lower the trunk door and crouch behind the car . at the office entrance davidov pause to lock the door . he walk toward the Russian car ... he be actually whistling a happy tune and then ... he stop . he have hear something . he draw he gun . he walk around the entire car . when he get to the rear ... the trunk be close . bond be not there . no evidence he ever be . davidov get in the driver 's seat and start the car . CUT to : ext . AIR strip - night the Russian car drive onto the grounds of a small , desert airport consist of one outbuild and a crudely clear airstrip . int . car davidov pull off the road and park he car in a wood area . ext . car davidov 's foot crunch in the dirt as he walk to the back and open the trunk . he remove the briefcase . then the duffle bag . he look down at the dead body , head slump forward , as before ... but something be different , the clothes not quite right and then : the dead body move , the head turn , davidov gasp ... it be jame bond . bond Problem , comrade ? davidov pull he hand gun from inside he coat , but bond be quick . with a silence pistol he shoot davidov in the head . one little red hole form in he forehead as he eye go wide and he crumble , dead . bond climb out of the trunk . crouches to examine davidov . bond Old habit die hard . he straighten . pick up the briefcase . it be lock . he search davidov and find a set of key in he pocket . he open the lock . inside the briefcase : four stack of money . document head with the official crest of miratom . a new security tag , it look just like the dead guy , but have davidov 's name and picture ... some hologrammed ( blank ) security tag -- and a polaroid - type camera . he pick up a blank security tag and insert it in the camera . point at himself , take a shot . punch in ' davidov ' on the keypad . out come a brand new pass . bond go to look in the dufflebag but ... a plane be approach ... he look up . he p.o.v . a Russian military jet appear over the tree , fly low , its red landing light blink . ext . airstrip - night a door open on the sinister - look plane . a hydraulic step unit fold out of it . a big soldier with a machine gun wait in the doorway . bond , stand at the edge of the runway , clip on he badge and pick up the briefcase . he have no idea what he 's walk into . bond here go nothing . he hoist the dufflebag over he shoulder and walk out to the plane . he start up the step : the soldier point he gun down at he . say something to he in russian . bond pause . and then , think , say : bond romashka . the soldier look at he , then lower he weapon . int . plane four soldier . the first guy and a moustachioe pilot and two young man , a nasty - look private , cadaverously thin , and a big , thick - neck tough . they all look at bond , expectantly , wait for he to say or do ... what ? he decide to take the lead . he open the briefcase and hand over the stack of money . the Pilot pass it out . but that be not the end . they still stare at he . the Pilot say something in russian that sound like ... " where 's the rest ? " bond swallow . thinks , without show it . he decide to OPEN the duffle bag . he look inside . pause , then reach in and take out ... a BOX of nike shoe . the thin soldier smile . that 's the ticket . bond hand out shoe to the rest of the guy . CUT to : ext . test facility - kazakhstan - dawn a red dawn . dominate the landscape , a valley of weirdly - shape rock . to one side , a airstrip . the plane approach . int . plane - landing the three soldier wear they new shoe and smoke and chat amongst themselves . bond sit in the rear of the plane , which be dominate by heavily buffer receptacle , clearly await some deadly cargo . there be Russian write everywhere , and one symbol he clearly recognize : danger - radioactive . bond look out of the window . beneath a huge mesa , a huddle of low building . they come to a stop near the end of the runway . a SMALL jeep be drive out to they . one of the soldier throw something to bond . a orange jumpsuit that say miratom on the breast . he catch it . pilot ( subtitles ) you have fifteen minute . ext . airstrip / valley / test facility - kazakhstan - dawn bond , in the orange overall and wear he id tag , be drive with a Russian soldier through the weird rock valley - - kaboom ! a cloud of dust from a detonation rise up on the other side of the hill . ext . test facility - kazakhstan - day they turn the corner and see truck mark ida , several Kazakhstan army personal carrier , soldier dot around , ida ( International decommission Agency ) scientist and personnel quietly go about they business . a vast protective ' bubble ' be inflate at the front of the building . int . ' bubble ' - test facility - kazakhstan - day ( christmas jone ' ) Pov : the sound of breathe loud , we be look from inside the visor of a protective suit . it 's hard to tell what 's go on , but we hand be remove a sphere of cobalt blue plutonium from inside a corrode warhead ... ext . facility - same a officer eye bond 's pass . colonel akakievich ( subtitles ) you be late . the transport document ? bond show he the case . akakievich examine the document . colonel akakievich ( subtitles ) they be wait for you below . it should be ready . check with the ida physicist . he point toward the " bubble . " Inside the transparent bubble , a protective - suite figure finish place a blue plutonium core into a box . as bond and the Colonel walk toward the bubble , the figure step out , still envelop in the white protective suit . move fast , off come the helmet to reveal a beautiful american girl . christmas jone be mid-twenty , shortish hair , hot right now . in one movement she unzip and step out of the suit , revealing a khaki sport bra , cut - off short , heavy duty boot . a nasty-look hunt knife strapped around she hip . she have a deep tan and a incredible figure . she grab a bottle of water , guzzle . bond toss a arched brow to akakievich , who nod bitterly , also unable to take he eye off she . he spit on the floor and speak in english , so Christmas can hear . colonel akakievich not interested in man . take my word for it . akakievich be not exactly what you would call a looker . bond offer a disappointed tut as akakievich walk away . Christmas approach . he notice she ida tag -- and a incongruous peace tattoo just above she hip . she 's check he out as well . christmas you new ? bond ( Russian accent ) yes. viktor davidov , miss ...? christmas Doctor . Jones . Christmas Jones . no joke , I have hear they all . bond do not know any doctor joke . she be wary . it 's be a long time since a man this attractive step onto she beat . they walk toward the building . christmas what happen to Len tashka ? bond could not make it . split headache . christmas the soldier may give you a hard time . whatever . if we be not around , they would have they whole nuclear arsenal lie by the roadside , rotting in the sun . bond look at the ominous radiation warning sign . bond will I need protection ? she squint at he , take aback . christmas there 's no radiation danger down there . bond turn to go , know he misstep . Christmas then speak to he , ask a question , in russian . christmas ( subtitles ) where be this stockpile go ? bond turn , answer in perfect russian . bond ( subtitles ) to the nuclear facility at penza 19 . she nod . watch he disappear into the building . int . test chamber MAIN elevator - moment later bond descend , go down deep . int . test chamber elevator / corridor - later the elevator creak to a halt . he slide the elevator door OPEN revealing ... two soldier wait for the elevator . bond show they he id . soldier ( subtitles ) see the corporal , at the end of the chamber . the soldier get into the elevator and disappear , leave bond completely alone . Dead silence in the shadow . bond 's in he element , that alert glint in he eye as he take in he surroundings . he p.o.v . a long , dark corridor ... lead off to a more open circle in the distance , light and a ominous hum there . bond start down the passageway . int . test chamber - continuous ahead of bond , like a deadly spider at the centre of a web , a nuclear bomb suspend over a pit . blast opening range around to channel its fury to measure equipment . bond be alone with the bomb . a eerie moment . then , he come to notice a figure , across the expanse of the pit , on the opposite side of the catwalk , a man , with he back to he , in Russian Army fatigue . bond corporal ? the man turn ... it be renard . he smile . renard I see my friend davidov run into some difficulty . bond indeed . renard start toward he . bond draw he gun . bond do not come any closer . man you can not kill I . I be already dead . he and bond face off , the malevolent bomb between they , a robot device beginning to lower it into the pit . renard go ahead . shoot . my man will still steal the bomb , and the shot will bring they directly to you . renard gesture into the pit . bond be p.o.v. two of renard men in the pit , unaware of what be happen above , work directly with the bomb . one of they be use a manual ... it be just like the stolen report , the miratom seal in the corner . bond aim he gun at renard 's head . bond who 's pay you to destroy the pipeline ? renard resume walk , around the catwalk at the edge of the pit , toward bond , slowly , surely , totally fearless . renard to die by a man who can not even grasp what he 's catch up in ... bond , out of the corner of he eye , see renard 's man remove a SMALL device from inside the bomb . it be the size and shape of a credit card , black , with shiny transistor on it ... the man slip it into he pocket . bond revenge be not so hard to fathom . what 's clever be get someone else to pay for it . renard not many people in this world have that kind of fortune . bond cock the pistol . bond who be it ? renard you think I fear death ? I welcome it . I get on my knee and pray for it . you , on the other hand , you have something to live for , no ? ( closer now ) she 's beautiful be not she ? you should have see she before . flawless , and still so innocent , not such a whore in bed ... bond 's eye flare in fury . he shove renard into the wall and press the gun to he temple . bond you will never touch she . you will never get near she . renard have you forget who save you life in geneva ? bond consider I ungrateful . renard it 's I who should thank you -- for take that money back to MI - 6 . so distress for M. a explosion inside she lair . bond she will get over it . renard you even bring the plane for we . we really could not have do it without you . bond strike he across the temple with he pistol . renard drop to he knee . he touch he temple , look at the blood curiously , feel no pain . renard a man tire of be execute . as bond screw a silencer onto the muzzle of he gun : renard but then again ... there be no point in live if you can not ... feel alive . bond know that , he 's hear it somewhere before ... it freeze he , just a beat , but it be enough ... suddenly , the noise of footstep -- christmas jone , with colonel akakievich and two armed soldier . we be with they as they turn the corner of the passageway and see bond with silence pistol aim at the kneel renard -- classic execution stance : colonel akakievich ( to bond ) Drop you gun . bond keep away , Colonel . the soldier ' gun be train on bond . christmas he be a impostor . ( clutching a printout ) there 's no davidov at miratom . bond here 's you imposter . he 's pay off the man on the plane outside . they be not take the bomb to any Russian facility , they be fly it wherever he tell they . Christmas be listen , but akakievich cock he rifle . colonel akakievich ( to bond ) I say drop it . and he mean business . bond delay ... but have no choice . he pull the clip from he gun , toss it down . renard ( to Christmas ) well do -- he would have kill we all . I suppose you ( to akakievich ) be you the one who allow he down ? Colonel akakievich look suitably stung . but renard be look past he now , as with a quiet whirr , the bomb raise into view on a trolley . renard 's team be ready to move . renard ( to akakievich ) take he away , I do not want he around as we move the bomb . ( whisper , to bond ) you have I . I know you could not shoulder the responsibility ... and renard jam he hand onto bond 's shoulder , squeezing he collar- bone hard ... pain jolt through bond , he drop to he knee in agony . he shove bond down . bond 's hand go to he shoulder , he mind now racing -- how do he know to hurt he there ? renard 's man start to maneuver the bomb toward the curving passageway . it 's all too much for Colonel akakievich : colonel akakievich no -- the bomb do not go anywhere until I be satisfied . all of you to the surface , now ... renard stop and turn . bond see he nod to two of he man : one quietly slope off down the tunnel . the other innocently open a container ... int . container camera show the inside of the container 's lid ; the man release a false lining to reveal several machine gun ... int . test chamber - day renard ( urgent now ) very well , Colonel . we will all go up . one of Colonel akakievich 's man gesture with he gun that bond should get up . know it 's now or never , bond push he away , yank a pistol from he holster , grab Christmas , leap down into the bomb pit just as renard men open fire ... akakievich die straight away . so do two of he man . the gunfire ricochet around the chamber and cease . renard hang back . his radio crackle a message : renard ( nod , into radio ) shut they . the guy on the other end of the radio right next to the elevator . he turn a switch that activate two set of red button and two set of green . he punch one green button ... inside test chamber heavy door close all exit but that to the tunnel . int . the pit bond and Christmas know they be be seal in . christmas melt-down door . if he get they close , they will not be open again for forty - eight year . bond peer over the edge -- see renard and he man work the nuclear device into the passageway . int . the pit if bond do not get through now , they be trap forever . he point he wrist watch toward the cat walk above and press a button ... the tiny grappling hook shoot out , q 's super filament wire that can hold up to 800 pound be attach ... bond use the rope to rappel up the side of the pit and into int . test chamber where he leap on top of renard 's last man . they fall through the Iris , it shut behind they . the man swing he machine gun at bond -- it hit the wall next to he , break apart . bond grab a break section and kill he with one strike . he pause at he dead body and reach into he jacket , retrieve ... the card - like device . int . pit Christmas look around , desperate to help . use bond 's wire , she climb up to the close Iris door . she pries open a panel next to it and reveal complex wiring ... int . passageway up ahead of bond , the bomb disappear down the passageway . he can see it be attach to a pulley above , help the man to move quickly , renard , pull , the two man push renard signal one of they to drop back to cut off bond ... Machine - gun fire turn the wall next to bond to dust -- bond dive to a recess . a overhead light shatter . his section of the tunnel darken . int . passageway - bond' end bond look up at the break light . take careful aim at the next one along . blam . it disintegrate . again ... int . passageway - renard end the other guy answer with another spray of bullet . watch uneasily as bond take out light after light . a funnel of darkness come to swallow he -- conceal bond 's approach . nervous , he fire , muzzle flash and spark illuminate the void . to keep it light , he keep fire ... int . passageway with bond as the bullet cease with a loud click ... what bond be wait for . he move . the gunman freeze in the light , grapple to fit another clip -- blam ! he go down . bond not waste bullet . int . other end of passageway renard be load the bomb it into the elevator . he flick a switch on the panel by the elevator . the Iris start close on bond ... int . passageway bond rush for the door -- but he 's shocked as the man he shot lunge . cling to he . bond hit he away , he leap for the cart block he way and shove it into the Iris door just as it almost close ... bond squeeze through ... int . other side of Iris renard be get in the elevator . see bond make it , fire . bond roll into a corner . renard we have we firework . now you can have yours . and he machine - gun some barrel . rocket fuel spill out . he dig a finger into one of the hole , effortlessly rip the metal so more fuel cascade out . CUT to : int . catwalk above pit Christmas cut some wire together and with a hum , she Iris door open ... at the elevator bond fire at renard , hit he shin ... with renard look down at he shin , notice the blood . inconvenience but not in pain . he shut the cage door . pause only to fire off half a clip at the switch panel . shred it . bond leap to he foot , racing forward , fire -- get to the elevator as renard disappear upwards with a smile . he point down ... underneath he ... bond look down . he p.o.v. beneath the elevator ... a makeshift explosive device ... stick of dynamite wrap around a detonator , set to explode eye wide , bond look back to the door -- then to the switch panel -- now just a chaos of sparking wire . int . lift shaft the pipe bomb tick ... int . passageway by elevator bond be trap . he look up ... the pulley hook hang down ... he jump up , grab it , just as ... kaboom ! the bomb ignites the spill oil , a fireball shoot along , scorching after bond , who be sailing through the passage way , the force of the blast send he hurl down the passageway on the pulley ... head straight for : a close Iris door which miraculously begin to OPEN as he shoot through ... ahead , the next door be OPEN as well . he see christmas on the other side ... her p.o.v . bond hurtle toward she , ahead of a massive fireball ... bond Close the door ! Close the door ! but before she can , two of the fuel barrel hurtle through the close iris , clatter into the pit , start a fire below . flame lick up the side of the pit toward they . bond look up , see the arm of the robot lifter , stretch upward toward a old shaft t the top of the ceiling ... he and Christmas scramble up the robot arm , walk along the spider - like web that support the bomb and find ... a old elevator ... power by a hydraulic system ... they get in ... hear the rumbling of the fire below ... the old elevator move slowly ... the rumbling grow louder ... bond shame you have to spot I be not the real thing . christmas so who be you ? bond bond -- bond fire he gun at the hiss hydraulic pulley and ... the elevator shoot through the shaft at breakneck speed as below they ... the pit explode ... int . elevator Fire shoot up . bond lunge to cover Christmas . as the smoke clear : bond ( finish ) James bond . CUT to : ext . mesa - test facility - kazakhstan - continuous Christmas and bond climb out of the duct . through a cloud of dust he can see people run about , panicked . there 's be some shoot -- fresh corpse litter the ground . bond look past they to a plane come this way . the plane . it roar past , level with they . he follow it with he eye , helpless as it get smaller and smaller ... christmas they will not get far . every warhead have a locator card . a miratom device . emit a high -pitch signal on Russian emergency frequency . we can track the bomb . bond with this ? bond remove the locator card from he jacket and show it to she . it flash in the sun . Christmas shake she head , disgust . omitted 170 - 172 dissolve : int . briefing room , castle thane ( MI -6 hq ) - day busy . analyst huddle over monitor show satellite image , try to track the plane . m do we have the range of renard 's plane ? tanner anywhere in this circle . Iran , Iraq , Pakistan , Syria , Afghanistan ... m marvellous . moneypenny enter ... moneypenny elektra King be call from baku . m be surprised . moneypenny it 's a video line . m put she on the wide screen . the face of elektra materialize on a large wall monitor . elektra I be sorry . I would never call you except ... bond 's disappear . he ...he leave my villa , some time in the middle of the night and ... m exchange a look with tanner . elektra my head of security have be find near a local airstrip , murder ... m lean on the console in front of she . m I will send someone out . elektra could ... could you come ? m look up . elektra , on the monitor , look about as lose as she ever have . elektra I just can not help think ... I be next . m stare at the girl 's face , she whole sordid history write there . m turn away from the screen and say to tanner ... m get I out there . omitted : 174 - 201 ext . elektra's villa , baku - STORM approaching elektra 's villa against blue-black storm cloud , the Caspian choppy , wind blow . int . elektra's villa - baku - day elektra work in she father 's study , illuminate by a halo of light from a single desk lamp . picture of she grandfather and father stare down at she from the wall . the wind blows a window open . she get up , cross the room , shutting the window . she stand there , listen to the silence and then ... she hear a thud . a strange , unsettle thud . she listen , a long time , to the silence . elektra gabor ...? she go to the door , open it ... it whine on its hinge . she step into ... int . library a big room line with book . Three french door lead out to a balcony . she walk a few pace in ... the door shut behind her , she whirl ... gabor , propped up behind the door , stare , wide - eye , before he fall to the floor . elektra gasp , she turn again ... a dark figure loom , a shadow against the window . he move forward , he face become visible ... it's bond . elektra James ! she stare at he , shocked , hesitant . bond you look surprised . she move to gabor , get down to help he . he stir , he be alive , but unconscious . elektra look up at bond . elektra what 's wrong with you ? be you crazy ? bond a little . do it matter ? after all , what 's the point of live if you can not feel alive ? be not that right , elektra ? be not that you motto ? elektra what be you talk about ? bond or do you steal it from you old friend renard ? elektra ... what ? bond we have a run - in , he and I . he know about we , he know about my shoulder , he know exactly where to hurt I ... elektra stand ... she begin to tremble . elektra be you say ... renard be the man who 's try to kill I ? bond you can drop the act , it 's over . elektra I do not know what you be talk about ! bond I think you do . he walk toward she , threaten ... bond at MI - 6 we call it stockholm syndrome . it 's common in kidnapping . a young impressionable victim . shelter , sexually inexperienced . a powerful kidnapper skilled in torture , in manipulation . something snap in the victim 's mind . the captive fall in love with she captor . at the word " love , " elektra explode . she slap a unsuspecting bond hard across the face . elektra how dare you ! how dare you ! that animal !? that monster !? he disgust I ! you disgust I ! so he know where to hurt you , be that it ? you have a sling on you arm at the funeral ! I do not have to sleep with you to find that out . bond he use you exact word . elektra you know . you know all the time , that he be out there , that he be come for I , and you lie . you use I , you use I as bait . you make love to I -- what , to pass the time as you wait for he to strike ? he have no answer . he can not deny what she say . the phone ring , cut through the tension . bond and elektra stare at one another . she let it ring ... then pick up . listen , look to bond . elektra he 's strike again . ( beat ) five man be dead at the pipeline . he move toward she . bond I be come with you . elektra you do what you have to do , but I have call in M. she 's en route from London even now . CUT to : ext . pipeline control CENTER , turkey - day the MI - 6 chopper land . we can see m through the window . face set hard . ext . pipeline control CENTER , turkey - moment later scientific , military and turkish police vehicle park around a medium -size industrial plant . bond accompany m and tanner toward a clutch of office . all around , soldier , ida personnel , police scour the area . m ( to bond ) glad to see you have turn up . he be move fast , talk fast -- a sense of urgency . bond they hit about 90 minute ago . there 's a scientist here from the International decommission Agency , Dr. Jones . she have ten crew comb the area . they step out of the bright sunlight and into ext .\int . control centre - continuous five body bag be be carry out by soldier . m survey the scene ; in a unlit corridor christmas jone and several man sweep the area with clicking geiger counter . elektra be a distance away , listen to a turkish policeman explain what 's happen . she nod acknowledgement to M. tanner sense that bond want to talk to m alone : tanner I will see how they be come with the power ... they watch he go . m turn to bond : m you have you hand on the bomb and you let renard get away with it . he draw she away , to a small alcove . take something out of he jacket ... the locator card . bond the report King buy . it 's a manual . renard 's man use it to remove this radio tracking device from the warhead . m then Robert be right about a Russian connection . bond they be get they weapon from the Russians , but where be they get the money to buy the weapon ? I can not help think ... the person close to King , the one who switch that pin ... m the inside man ? bond be maybe ... the inside woman . now the light power up , disrupt the intimacy and intensity of they exchange . the room be line with monitor and a huge satellite map of the pipeline 's meander path . m a woman ? but before he can speak , elektra call out , gesture to a dim light flash on a console in front of she . elektra that 's not right . a technician come over . tanner too , follow by bond and M. tanner what be it ? elektra it 's a observation and repair rig . Travels along the pipe , check for break seal . but it 's not suppose to be there . bond ( think ) stop it . the technician flick two switch . the light continue to flash . confused , he try other . no change . technician I do not understand ... m where be the rig ? harried , the technician activate the wall schematic of the pipeline . a pulse of light travel along the line . and with it , a sense of horror descend ... m the parcel 's in the post . tanner it 's head for the oil terminal . m where it can do the most damage . elektra my god. ( to one of she man ) have the terminal evacuate . the man get on the phone ... bond ( to tech ) speed ? technician full on . seventy mile a hour . he punch button . Christmas have come , stand next to bond . technician one hundred and six mile from the terminal . bond ( quick ) it will reach the other end in seventy - eight minute . ( to tech ) any more of this rig ? the technician check he record , look up , nod . technician there 's one park in the passageway ahead of it . decisive , Christmas head for the door , turn to she team : christmas I will need some help ... her ida colleague look sheepish . bond move to she . bond come on . for just a moment , Christmas look wary : bond unless you would like to see my id first . she almost smile . m nod to tanner to follow they . bond do not look at elektra . but she watch he go ... CUT to : ext . helicopter - day the MI - 6 helicopter swoops along the pipeline ... tanner be beside the pilot . bond and Christmas in the back . they look at one another , the danger ahead melting the frost between they . int . pipeline - later bond and Christmas climb through a access hatch down onto the electric rig . its light blaze fifty yard into the tunnel . then darkness . Christmas take the driver 's spot , bond the rear , nearest to the approach bomb . tanner lean in : tanner ( sealing they in ) good luck . bond nod , check he watch . Christmas look nervously down the pipe . bond be one along any minute . and she start the machine off ... int . electric rig - pipeline ( travelling ) it quickly pick up speed , its light flooding the seemingly endless pipe before they . Christmas look behind , apprehensive . wait for the light of the explosive rig . it 's tense . they travel along , expectant ... bond when this be over we should bury the hatchet . celebrate . a champagne dinner ? christmas when this be over we body may be blow to smithereen . bond alright then , brunch . his lightness relax she , she appreciate it . int . command room - pipeline control centre - continuous elektra , m , and other . the room be crowded with concerned personnel . m watch the two blip on the schematic get closer together . one of she men approach , a radio in he ear . radio man tanner report bond be head for the rendezvous . m excellent . evacuate miss King and the other . elektra you can evacuate my worker , but I be not go anywhere . m look at she , then nod , impressed by she courage . int . pipeline ( travelling ) - day bond and Christmas wait expectantly . tense silence . finally , a whooshing noise , getting louder . light appear behind , reflect on a bend , then ... here it come , the rig tear through the pipe . bond look over he shoulder at Christmas ' speedometer ... she 's only at fifty ... bond faster ! get we speed up ! Christmas press forward ... bond turn , he foot out toward the approach rig ... the light get closer ... closer ... bond 's rig jolt as the other make contact . he cushion the blow with he foot . both rig move together now , he climb onto the bomb rig ... put out a hand , help Christmas across . the bomb sit there , daunt , deadly . christmas tactical fission device . low yield . they look at one another , then set straight to work . int . command room - pipeline control centre - continuous the room be quiet , tense . m and she two man , elektra , gabor , the King technician and three armed security guard at the door . they be the only one leave . go down with the ship ... if it go . m and elektra watch the two light now together on the console . a tense silence . everyone 's edgy . elektra perhaps a little more than the rest . she exchange a glance with gabor . int . electric rig - pipeline ( travelling ) - day close inside the bomb : the timer . 1:45 minute . bond 's face betray the difficulty of what they be attempt . the digital clock tick down ... 1:30 , 1:29 ... omitted 217-218 int . pipeline - day the rig speed through the tunnel . nothing to see . but whoosh ! as the rig hurtle past ... int . electric rig - pipeline ( travelling ) - day the pipe suddenly dip . they cling on as the machine buck like a rollercoaster . back on a straight ... her brow furrow . christmas the plutonium be miss . they have take the core ! bond then it 's no longer a bomb ? christmas ( back to work , urgent ) it 's a bomb alright . we be still dead if the trigger charge go off ... bond 's mind race in the ghostly light of the tunnel . he stare at the timer : 0:44 , 0:43 ... make a decision . bond let it blow . Christmas shoot a look , astonished . christmas but we can stop it . take she arm ... bond let it blow . she can not believe what he 's say . his eye shoot to a inspection hatch the light illuminate up ahead . bond trust I . leave it . he grab she , wrench she away from the bomb . int . pipeline - day the rig zoom past the exit hatch -- bond leap off , take she with he . they tumble along the pipe . agile , bond spring to he foot , pull she up . they run like hell for the hatch , into the darkness ... ext . pipeline - day the pipeline . a long beat , then ... kaboom !! a section of the pipe explode , debris rocketing in every direction . as the smoke clear we see a fifty yard section of pipe have be destroy . omit 223 int . pipeline control CENTER - same on the console , red concentric circle pulse outward from the point of impact , emit one , monotone beep .... the watcher be freeze , stunne , shocked . gabor , a radio earpiece in he ear , report information . gabor it be not nuclear ... the bomb be a dud . the trigger charge blow out a fifty yard section of pipeline ... m and bond ? a agonizing beat . the alarm beep sputter and die . gabor nothing . m and elektra share a look . elektra do you think he 's dead ? m can not answer . she shake she head . m we just have to wait . m shift . the hi-tech room be eerily light by the pulsing red light on every screen , show the explosion . elektra ( to m ) I have a gift for you . something that belong to my father . he would have want you to have it . m feel uneasy . m perhaps this be not the time ... elektra please . she hand m a small box . m unty the ribbon . elektra he often speak of how ... compassionately you advise he on the best course of action during my kidnap . m open the box . it be the eye of the glens ... the heirloom pin , the original . elektra it 's very valuable , you know . I just could not let it explode with the rest of he . m look up , horrify , when : gabor and another security man shoot m's two guard in the head ... point blank , cold blood . the man fall . m look back at elektra , a blood-curdling glare . elektra ( to she man ) take she to the chopper . ext . pipeline - day from on high we follow the snake pipeline ... until it disappear in a vast , smouldering bomb crater . Beyond , the pipeline continue unperturb . two tiny figure on the bank of the crater . close on they bond and Christmas , very much alive . she 's angry . christmas what the hell be you do ? you nearly kill we ! bond I do kill we . she think we be dead . and she think she get away with it . christmas what the hell be you talk about ? bond it 's part of some plan . she dress it up like a terrorist attack . the explosion cover up the theft of the plutonium . christmas who 's she ? bond elektra King . christmas elektra King ? be you insane ? this be she pipeline . bond make she look even more innocent . christmas ( skeptical ) what would she want with weapon grade plutonium ? bond I be hope you could tell I . Christmas stare at he . wheel turn . christmas you steal a old bomb , small by today 's standard , about the size of the one that destroy nagasaki , take the plutonium core out of it , intend to use it ... ( beat ) to make a bigger , better bomb . they be both chill by the think . christmas I have to get after that core . this be my ass . she start fiddling with the radio . suddenly there 's a crackle . tanner tanner to 007 , do you read ? bond grab the radio . bond loud and clear . I have to speak to M. tanner she 's go . bond what ? tanner she 's disappear . and two of we man have be kill . it impact on bond . his eye harden . christmas what be it ? bond she just upped the stake . all she chip be on the table now . and m 's life be part of the bet . he look out at the long stretch of pipeline , like a deadly snake with the world for its bed . bond I know I promise you champagne , but would you settle for caviar ? CUT to : ext . maiden' tower - bosphorus - istanbul - twilight a boat put in at a ancient tower in the middle of a vast body of water ( in fact , the bosphorus ) . renard disembark with several of he retinue , heavily laden with bag and case . they enter the tower ... int . maiden' tower - continuous a fantastic space : stain glass window cast myriad pattern over elaborate tile and marble surface . pillar , iron lattice , velvet drape and flower embroider the huge room . as they enter , elektra swoops across the floor and into renard 's arm . he hold she . she push he away . elektra you be hurt I . he sense something different between they . she try to hide it . elektra bring I something ? he smile , grab a case off one of he man , open it up , pull out a sphere of cobalt blue metal . she look at it with wary fascination . renard go on . it 's safe . touch you destiny . she trace a finger along the metal . a flicker of wonder : elektra warm . renard ( point ) be it ? she 's sensitive to he bury frustration : elektra I have bring something for you as well . int . room - maiden be tower - moment later elektra open a heavy door , she and renard past through to ... a SMALL room ... a window set in the stone on one side . the other side be divide off by a wall of bar , create a cell which now contain : m the cell be bare , except for a camp bed in the corner . m betray no fear . a quiet defiance burn in she . elektra just as I promise . renard step forward . bar separate he from M. renard my executioner . m over - praise , I be afraid . but my people will finish the job . elektra you people ? you people will leave you here to rot just like you leave I . you and my father . he do not think my life be worth the chump change he spend on a day at the stock market . m you father ... elektra be nothing . his kingdom he steal from my mother . the kingdom I will rightly take back . elektra leave . renard be leave alone with M. m she 's insane . be that what you do to she ? renard no. I be afraid it be what you do . he cross close to the bar . renard when I take she she be ... promise itself . so clever , so vibrant , so ... full of life force . and you leave she there , at the mercy of a man like I . you ruin she . for what ? to get to I ? she be worth fifty of I . m for once , I agree with you . he shake he head , amused by she pluck . m so she use all that brilliance to get revenge on she father , on I . renard no. I want you . I want you for myself . he take something out of he pocket . a small TRAVEL clock . he set it . renard since you send you man to kill I , I have be watch time tick slowly away , march inevitably toward my own death . watch this hand , M. at noon tomorrow , you time be up . and I guarantee you ... I will not miss . you will die . along with everyone in this city and the future of the West . he place the clock on a tall stool , just out of reach through she bar . he leave . we hold on the clock : eight p.m . ext . CITY of walkway - baku - dusk ( old sc . 174 ) Valentin Zukovsky in the back of he chauffeure roll royce ... we pull back , to take in a amazing sight : the car be on a network of raise walkway and platform that extend as far as the eye can see . a decaye legacy of the Soviet year . ext . caviar fishery - CITY of walkway - dusk ( old sc.175 ) Zukovsky limp purposefully away from he roll along a walkway lead to a beluga fishery build over the water . int . caviar fishery - CITY of walkway - dusk ( old sc.176 ) naile on the batter old door , the lid of a caviar jar , a label illustrate with a line drawing of zukovsky . Zukovsky open the door and find himself ... stare straight down bond 's pistol . bond and Christmas be silhouett by the gold dusk light . at they foot lie one of Zukovsky 's worker . zukovsky what be do , bond ? try to impress this innocent thing ? bond she 's no innocent . this be my nuclear consultant . zukovsky ah , I see . a purely ... plutonic relationship . hand hold clear of he body , Zukovsky enter , he evening dress decidedly out of place here . zukovsky really bond , could not you find a nice Russian scientist with hair grow out of he ear ? bond what 's you business with elektra King ? zukovsky I think you be the one in she business . bond she drop a million and half dollar to the House -- you House . and you do not even bat a eyelid . she be pay you off . what for ? zukovsky as ever you be the spy who have to see a plot wherever he look . bond slam Zukovsky hard against a vat of caviar . Wood split , roe spill onto the floor . Zukovsky be appal . zukovsky that be 5,000 dollar of beluga ruin ! bond you be out of you league . she 's work with renard . Christmas move in , intense but firm : christmas they have steal a nuclear device . a subtle change in Zukovsky 's countenance . bond tell we what you know , Zukovsky . tell we , before its too late . but it may be already : the SOUND of a helicopter . Zukovsky frown , the SOUND getting louder -- bond be the first to move as -- int . caviar fishery - night ( old sc . 177 ) -- wood suddenly splinter everywhere -- the wall and roof tear open behind they - giant vertically - suspended saws rip through , just miss they . the spinning teeth ( old sc . 178 ) the blade churn through the corrugate roof , spraying caviar everywhere . ext . caviar fishery - CITY of walkway ( old sc . 179 ) bond burst out of the build ... Zukovsky and he guard and even the chauffeur be fire at the chopper ... ext . ramp to lower walkway ( old sc . 180 ) bond make for he BMW , run down a flight of step , onto a lower walkway when ... the section ahead of he explode ... the second chopper above hit its mark with a throw grenade . bond be trap by the fire and smoke , the only way out be along the pipeline ... he run along a narrow section of pipe and then jump down to another walkway . the pipe be now above he ... the chopper 's relentless saw CUT through the pipe ... gas jets out ... bond hurl himself up a stairway . int . caviar fishery Zukovsky and Christmas watch in horror as chopper one blade away more roof above they . ext . lower walkway bond take something out of he pocket , a remote control device ... he press some button ... he car come to life ... light on , it drive toward he . he rush to meet it . chopper two follow behind bond , slice up the walkway just behind he . bond get to the car and jump in as the chopper veer away . int . car bond activate he missile device as he watch chopper two pass behind the factory . suddenly there 's a huge roar behind he as the blade from chopper one rip through the roof , slicing he car in half . but bond be undeterred . he set off the missile toward the disappear chopper one . ext . chopper a direct hit . chopper one explode and fall onto the walkway set the scene ablaze . ext . walkway - same Zukovsky and Christmas see the explosion , then see chopper two drop four armed men onto a nearby walkway . the man make they way toward the factory , fire at the guard . Zukovsky and Christmas be force inside . angle on bond who see the danger to the other and run off along the walkway back to the factory . the chopper follow he , shoot . bond outrun it , until , ahead of he a grenade explode , destroy the walkway and hurl bond into the water . ext . factory the gunfight continue as the armed man take out Zukovsky 's guard . then , two of the assailant follow zukovsky and christmas into ... int . factory - night the chauffeur be shot and kill . the gunman then turn they attention to Zukovsky and Christmas , when suddenly bond appear through a trap door in the floor board . bond shoot one of the gunman , then fire on the other ... Zukovsky grab Christmas and they make they escape bond see a third gunman fire from the basement and take he out . ext . walkway - same Zukovsky and Christmas make a dash for Zukovsky 's roll . they dive in ... Zukovsky ram the car into reverse ... behind he , a chopper slice the walkway to smithereen ... Zukovsky can not stop it as the car leap backward and into the water below .... int . factory bond finish off the remain two armed man in a furious gunfight and exit . ext . walkway - same bond see Zukovsky and Christmas swim to safety . the chopper bear down on he . he leap back to what 's leave of the building , pick up a flare gun . he jump down to a walkway at water level and crank open a rusted gas jet ... he then wait for the chopper to line up over it as it approach bond for the kill .... bond fire the flare gun ... the gas explode ! the chopper try to pull away , but it 's too late . the flame engulf it , ignite a fireball . in the water Zukovsky pull himself back onto a walkway and head for the factory , but speed at he be to free -flying saw blade from the chopper that have just explode ! omitted 231s to 231Z ext . walkway Zukovsky dive away -- into a caviar pit . the saw emb in the cabin behind he . the caviar pit be like sink sand , deep -- he 's go under . flounder , try to cling to a crate blow in there by the explosion . then he look in horror : ext . side of caviar pit ( old sc . 199 ) Pov zukovsky : bond appear at the edge of the caviar pit , drag himself up , soaking wet . he 's hold another harpoon gun . point it directly at Zukovsky . this time he really mean business . ext . caviar pit / side ( old sc . 200 ) Zukovsky , on the point of be swallow by the caviar , claw at the crate . bond , steely eye , cold : bond now ... where be we ? zukovsky a rope ! bond no . the truth ! ( beat ) she think I be dead -- that blade be mean for you . what do you know that she would kill you for ? Zukovsky be sink . zukovsky I do not know what you be talk -- Zukovsky see Christmas appear beside bond : zukovsky help I , do not let I drow . she look to bond -- see he 's serious . bond ( to Zukovsky ) you be in this thing up to you neck . Zukovsky sink alarmingly -- he talk rapidly , staccato : zukovsky alright , alright ! sometimes I smuggle machinery for she . Russian stuff . bond and the payoff on the table ? zukovsky a special job . a...a... a submarine . christmas what ? zukovsky to haul some cargo . my nephew , he be Captain of a sub in the Black Sea fleet . bond where 's the sub go ?! zukovsky no ! get I out ! bond this be too big for even you . where be it ? zukovsky this be a family matter ! if my nephew be in danger , we do it my way , or nothing ! now get I out ! but he look more worried than ever as bond take aim with the harpoon gun -- squeeze the trigger . zukovsky no! bond ! christmas ( alarmed ) bond ! bond fire . Zukovsky yell as the harpoon shoot toward he . it take he a moment to realize he have not be hit -- the harpoon splintering the crate , just miss he . he cling to the crate , exhaust , as bond and Christmas drag he to safety . christmas Commander bond , you be dangerous , unpredictable , and a hothead . he just look at she . christmas but then again , explosive device be my specialty . Zukovsky scowl , wet , angry , look from he ruin suit to the devastation that be once he caviar factory as , behind he , walkway creak , teeter , and crash into the sea . zukovsky so. my way . no MI - 6 , no interpol . just you , I and my people . bond where ? zukovsky Istanbul . omitted :233 int / ext . balcony / maiden' tower - bosphorus - night Beyond iron balustrade we see one of the most fabulous view in the world -- on one side the still water of the Golden horn , on the other , the dance wave of the unsheltere bosphorus -- and in between , the tumble roof , soar minaret and crouching mosque of the pera district . renard scan the water with night-vision binocular . ext . bosphorus - night - he GREEN Pov : a supertanker churn along ... adjust angle the camera sink beneath the wave , steal through the gloom - - eventually come upon something sit just beneath the belly of the tanker . the silhouette of a submarine , hugging the tanker 's shadow , creep undetected into the bosphorus ... int . m's cell - night m pace she cell . look out , at the clock : it be midnight . twelve hour to go . she cross she arm . returns to pace . put she hand in she coat pocket : she feel something . take it out . the locator card . Black and shiny , with two copper terminal on one end . m tap it on she hand . she look back out . to the clock . CUT to : int . bedroom - maiden' tower - bosphorus - night renard and elektra . she be on the bed , renard stroking she , worshipp she skin . renard so beautiful . so smooth , so warm . elektra how would you know ? it sting he . elektra sit up , pull a robe around she . renard why be you like this ? because bond be dead ? it 's what you want . elektra ( beat ) of course ... renard get up . pace the floor . renard he be a... good lover ? elektra what do you think ? renard lean against she desk , close he eye , squeezing out the image . after a moment , he smashes he fist through the hand - paint wood . elektra look up . her p.o.v . a huge splinter of wood jut out of renard 's hand . renard look at it , curious , unfaze . renard nothing . elektra come to he . lead he to the bed . sit . gently remove the splinter . then , she take a icecube from the bucket . run it along he wound . elektra what about this ? and she run the ice down he cheek . he shake he head . tormented . renard nothing . now she run the ice down she neck ... elektra but surely ... ...her finger become wet , she run the ice down between she breast , leave a trail . teasing ... elektra ... you can feel this ? she 's move the ice lower on herself ... we see she lip open , enjoy the sensation . a beat , then he smile slowly grow . as she do something else . elektra ( sensual ) remember ... pleasure ? dissolve : int . maiden' tower - dead of night eerily quiet . the calm before the storm , except : int . m's cell - same m be at the door of she cell . her arm be stretch out through the bar . she be use she high - heele shoe to try to hook the leg of the stool and drag it toward she . she can only jut tap the leg with the tip of the heel . she swipe out at the little three - legge stool , tapping it , tapping it ... it scoot toward she a little ... she tap it again , get she shoe hooked on the leg of the stool and start to drag it when ... the rickety stool hit a bump on the ancient stone floor and spill over ... the clock hit the ground and skid across the stone , come to rest across the room , on the floor near the window . m lean against the bar . she hear her the outer door clanking OPEN ... she hurry to she cot and lie down . gabor enter ... a burly shadow in the light from the hall . he walk in . look at M. pick up the clock and set it on the window sill . he leave , shutting the door behind he . m sit up . look out to the clock , glow in the dark . it read two a.m. she drop she head back on the wall . she will not sleep tonight . dissolve to : omitted : 236 - 243 ext . istanbul - dawn establish the vast city astride the bosphorus . ext . istanbul street - same the sun start to rise . Street vendor be the only people about , move they cart into place , get ready to place out they ware . we hold on a build . int . dye factory - same a multi-levelled , rickety old building full of colourful fabric drying high overhead ; the light shaft through they casting pool of different coloured light . it be a work factory , bolt of fabric and vat of dye , but it be also : a old kgb surveillance CENTER pushed to one end of the large room be stack of radio equipment , old console , audio equipment and radar screen . once a high - tech surveillance center , it have go to seed . there be man and woman here , smoking , use the equipment , slightly dissolute , very sinister , where the only membership card be a old kgb id . Zukovsky be here , lean behind a radio operator . zukovsky any luck reach yevgeny ? operator negative , comrade . he move to christmas and bond , pour over a large map of istanbul spread out on a table . christmas ( to Zukovsky ) what be this place ? zukovsky former kgb surveillance post . the Dye Factory be just a front ; now it turn a good profit . bond notice the boa in the corner with some other . bond you old friend dmitri . Zukovsky nod to he old friend . zukovsky today , you be glad to have the boa on you side . Zukovsky look at the map . zukovsky in the good old day , the kgb have three or four spot where we submarine could surface without anyone know . but yevgeny be suppose to be load cargo . christmas what class sub do you nephew run ? zukovsky c-class . bond nuclear . christmas not just nuclear . power by a nuclear reactor . ( the penny drop ) he 's not load any cargo . they want the sub . the sub itself . put weapon grade plutonium inside the sub 's reactor : instant , catastrophic meltdown . bond make to look just like a accident . zukovsky mother of God . bond the right kind of explosion in the right spot -- it would block the bosphorus , cut off the Black Sea . christmas but why ? eight million people would die , the land irradiate for a hundred year . a cloud of radiation the size of Europe ... bond ( chill ) because a explosion like that would kill all the other pipeline . there would be only one way to get the oil out of the Caspian and pump it to the world ... christmas the King pipeline . bond elektra would control it all . zukovsky if what you say it true ... it may be too late for yevgeny . CUT to : int . secret quay ( maiden' tower ) - istanbul - day the ancient arched underbelly of a waterside building . something be disturbing a large expanse of water . a black shadow loom beneath the wave . a submarine surface . int . secret quay ( maiden' tower ) - istanbul - day wait at the newly excavate quay : renard and he man . the submarine 's hatch open . a youthful captain emerge , vaguely resembling he uncle , Zukovsky . renard Captain ... yevgeny Sir . we be ready to load you cargo . we only have a few hour before we will be miss . renard you come with a skeleton crew ? yevgeny that 's all we can afford this day . renard of course . we be grateful for you effort . one of he man come forward with several bottle of brandy and other food . renard we have brandy and other refreshment for you man . the Captain nod , pleased . int . dye factory bond and Christmas and Zukovsky watch as the radio operator scan the airwave . zukovsky if we be not in time and something have happen to he ... you must let I kill they . bond stare hard at he . a long beat . bond whoever get there first , Zukovsky . they have M. CUT to : int . submarine - day eerie , dark , the light inside green and sickly . close on a half - eat sandwich . a empty glass of brandy on the floor , just near the hand it fall from ... pull back to see the dead face of yevgeny , poison . other of he crew around , also dead . renard and he man tour the grisly scene . renard take they up and throw they in the sea . as they drag yevgeny away , he hat fall on the ground . renard pick it up and put it on he head . renard we will be underway in two hour . use that time to re-familiarize yourselves with you station . then ponder how rich you will be . the re-breather for the escape be already on board . a man appear hold a heavy lead box contain the plutonium . renard take the box as if it weigh nothing . stronger then ever . CUT to : int . cell - maiden be tower - morning elektra stand at the door look in at M. elektra now you know how it feel . to be lock away , to wonder if they be come for you , if anyone will ever come for you . m someone will come . elektra who ? bond ? bond be dead . elektra walk to the window . she look out . elektra somehow , I find that strangely ... disappoint . m watch she , she heart beat . m elektra . what time be it ? elektra pick up the little clock . walk over to the cell bar . elektra time for you to die . and she reach through the bar and hand m the clock . the two woman 's eye meet . renard the reactor be secure . she turn , see renard in the doorway . she cross to he and slam the door shut behind she . int . outside door - maiden' tower - day they eye lock . renard this be the end . elektra no . it be the beginning . the world will never be the same . he lay the Captain 's hat down . tries to mask he sorrow . renard it will be yours , and yours alone . have fun with it . force himself to leave , head down the stair . int . m's cell - same m work quickly . she pop open the back of the clock and take out the battery . she pries off the top with a key and connect the wire to the locator card ... CUT to : int . dye factory - same the Radio Operator touch he earpiece ... operator comrade , it 's faint , but I be get something . a signal . transmit at ...37 - 19 degree north ... he write the coordinate down . bond pick they up . bond the locator card . it 's M. he take the coordinate over to the map and draw a corresponding line across it . bond the rest ? Christmas read they out as the Operator write they down christmas forty , forty - three degree East ... bond draw another line across the map . at the point at which the intersect ... a small island in the bosphorus . zukovsky the maiden 's Tower . bond how appropriate . zukovsky I would hear there be some renovation there ... no one would look for a sub in that place in a million year . suddenly bond 's instinct be arouse . out of the corner of he eye , he see the boa set something on the ground and move slowly up the stair . bond look at the pack he leave on the ground ... he grab Christmas and hurl her to the floor . kaboom ! a massive explosion rip the place apart . in half a second the air be thick with coloured dust and drift clump of burn silk . bond stand . Christmas be stunne , but okay . he look around at the other - few dead , all out for the count , among they , Zukovsky . bond head for the door after the boa . christmas Zukovsky ... bond if I do not get to the boa before he get to maiden 's Tower , m be dead . bond run out , into ext . STREET - day teeming with people , he eye scan , he spot ... the boa climb a ladder alongside a building to a roof . bond chase after he , clamber up , but when he get to the top of the roof ... boa have now be join by three thug . one attack bond as the boa and the other move away ... bond fight with the thug , they stumble across the roof , grip each other , until bond get the upper hand and throws he down through a thatched roof where he fall ... ext . bazaar into the market below . Christmas , just come into the square , see the body fall ... she run to the thug , think it might be bond ... but the thug raise up , smile at she , blood on he tooth . she turn and run ... the thug give chase ... on the roof above bond be follow boa and the other two man as they leap from roof to roof . he see they jump off onto the roof of ... ext . moving bus motor rapidly away from he . he make a spectacular leap to a wobbly flag pole that swing he toward the bus , drop he on the roof before it snap back , into the overhead tram wire above and set off spark . on the bus bond barely get to he foot before thug # 2 be upon he . they grapple , struggle to maintain they foot as the bus speed through the rickety old street . he throw the guy over ... the thug desperately cling to the side of the bus ... bond now take on the third thug , unaware that number two have climb back on and be about to whack he on the head with he gun when ... the bus turn onto a new street ... the wire again ... thug two 's gun be catch up in they ... he be instantly electrocuted . thug three watch he friend 's horrible death , give bond time to slug he hard across the face and throw he from the bus ... ext . STREET thug two 's body go slamming into the windshield of a fast move van ... burst out through the back door of say van and tumble out onto the street where it be hit by a car . on the bus bond turn back toward ... boa . now it be just the two of they . the bus be hiss to a stop . the boa leap on to the bed of a pass truck . bond rush forward and leap on to the top of a pass taxi . the taxi jam on he break and bond roll across the bonnet and on to the street . he spring to he foot . fifty yard ahead the truck carry the boa have stop for traffic . the boa jump out and dart into a alley . ext . istanbul - alley - day the alley lead into a small cafe where patron smoke water pipe and drink coffee . the boa be nowhere to be see . bond slip out he gun hold it out of sight close to he leg so as not to alarm the civilian . he step into the cafe . ext . istanbul - cafe - day bond make he way through the table to the doorway in the back . he look inside - just a few child at play . bond be suddenly blind - sided by a vicious kidney punch which bring he to he knee . he struggle to bring up he gun - but the boa knock it out of he hand . the boa lock bond 's head in a unbreakable choke hold from behind . bond pull on the massive arm - but to no avail . he glance down to he right - he gun - just out of reach . bond reach out for it - he finger just graze it . suddenly the boa 's foot kick out , knock the gun across the room . he tighten he grip and speak in bond 's ear . boa for year I be tell I could never take the great James bond and he walther ppk . what good be you gun now , bond ? bond can not breathe , he eye start to dim . he slump forward , he leave hand touch something hot . it 's the iron basket of coal use to keep the water pipe lite . bond 's finger touch the wire handle that arch across the top . he grab it and with he last reserve - swing it at the back of he head hit the boa on the side of the head with the SOUND of RAW bacon hitting a hot skillet . the boa drop bond and leap to he foot hold the side of he face . bond fall forward fight for breath and try to clear he head . the boa run out the back door . bond find he gun , holster it and follow . ext . istanbul - side STREET - day bond come out into a side street crowded with vender and shopper . bond see the boa push he way through the crowd to ... ext . istanbul - ferry terminal - day russian tramp steamer take on cargo . bond enter square in time to see the boa make a bee line for the Russian steamer . as the boa , much the worse - for-ware , start up the gangway to the top deck of the steamer , bond hitches a ride on a cargo net that be be hoist aboard by the ship 's boom . ext . russian steamer - day boa , breathe hard get to the deck . he lumber across it but before he can reach the other side he be trip up by bond who have be wait for he by the side of the deck house . the boa go sprawling . as bond come for he he scramble to he foot , grab a nearby bail hook , and swing at bond . but bond be ready for he . he ward off the blow with a small wooden cover from a shipping crate . he trap the boa 's arm and give he two quick devastating kick in the solar plexus . he boa stage back to the railing . a final kick from bond send he over the side ... the boa fall , landing on he back on the deck below with a sickening thud . bond look down , see the boa 's body at a horrible angle , he neck break . bond sigh , turn ... gabor be there . gun train on he . gabor welcome aboard , Mr. bond . bond be p.o.v . a thug step into sight below , hold christmas hostage as well . ext . maiden' tower - day a magnificent ornate tower in the centre of the bosphorus . a innocent- look launch coast up to it . a tarp be raise and bond and Christmas be reveal , hand bound . they be help out , lead inside by a number of henchmen . int . maiden' tower - day elektra cross the hallway as the door open . kiss bond on the cheek as she eye Christmas . elektra James bond and he amazing resurrection . if only you would keep away , we might have meet again in a few year , become lover once more . Christmas eye bond anew as elektra lead he to a ornately carve chair , cover in silk . elektra ( to guard ) take she to renard . bond and Christmas exchange a look as the guard start she towards some step . elektra indicate for he to sit . behind he , the whole of Istanbul be visible through a large curve window . elektra pretty thing . you have she too ? bond ignore she . elektra I could have give you the world . bond not interested . this cut . she casually reach behind he neck , flip up a wooden arm to which be attach a metal collar . a garotte . elektra they be digging near here and they find some very pretty vase . they also find this ... ( meaning the garotte ) I think we ignore the old way at we peril , do not you ? bond recoil as she fasten the collar ... she step back . bond ( ignore she ) where 's m? elektra soon she will be everywhere . bond keep he cool : bond all this , because you fall for renard ? elektra five more turn and you neck will break . she move to the back of the chair , twist the screw one notch . the effect on bond be instantaneous as a bolt jolt into the back of he neck , tilt he head back . elektra since I be a child , I have always have a power over man . when I realize my father would not rescue I from the kidnapper , I know I have to form a new alliance . bond ( realize ) you turn renard . elektra ( smile ) just like you ... only you be even easier . she pull the jewel from she ear , reveal the ugly scar : elektra I tell he he have to hurt I , he have to make it look real . when he refuse I tell he I would do it myself . she turn the screw again . bond so you kill you father . elektra he kill I ! he kill I the day he refuse to pay my ransom . a flicker of emotion . bond be get to she . bond be this all about the oil ? elektra it be my oil ! mine and my family 's ! her eye be shine . she move toward the view , gaze out at this spectacular cradle of civilization . bond work he wristbind feverishly . elektra it run in my vein , thicker than blood . I be go to redraw the map . and when I be through the whole world will know my name , my grandfather 's name , the glory of my people . bond no- one will believe this melt - down be a accident . she eye he , impressed that he 's work out she plan . tighten the screw again . her confidence amazing . elektra they will believe . they will all believe . tighten the screw again : elektra you understand ? nobody can resist I . now she straddle he . she put the jewel back on she ear . all the time , he 's work that wristbind . elektra know what happen when a man be strangle ? bond elektra , it 's not too late . eight million people need not die . she smile , twist the screw again . a nasty , grind sound . sweat trickle from he brow . she lick it away . elektra you should have kill I when you have the chance . but you could not . not I . a woman you have love . she push she hip into he . turn the screw . the bolt be jamme right into the back of he neck . his face be angle upwards . breathe be difficult . he glare up : bond you mean ... nothing ... to I . she finger the bolt . prepare to turn it the last time ... his hand strain at its bind ... bond one ... last ... screw ? elektra ( kissing he ear ) oh James . she begin to turn the screw ... ... when several gunshot be hear outside . bond be on the edge of consciousness . elektra freeze . get off he . move to a window . ext . maiden' tower - bosphorus - day her Pov : Big , batter and bloody , Valentin Zukovsky be leave a boat , move over the rock toward the entrance with three of he man . two body in he trail . he 's on course for elektra and nothing be go to stop he , even as he henchmen be cut down by ferocious fire . int . maiden' tower - bosphorus - day elektra move to she gun . just then , gabor crash through a stain glass window , neck break . two elektra henchmen appear from below stair as the door burst open . Zukovsky stand there . a bloody giant . they open up with machine gun , but two shot from Zukovsky take they out , though he take one in the shoulder . right now , he 's unstoppable . a shocked silence after the shoot . he eye bond in the chair . to the room : zukovsky I be look for a submarine . it 's big and black , and the driver be a friend of mine . then he eye fall on the hat renard have bring up from below . he know at once what it mean . zukovsky bring it to I . she pick it up , walk to he ( surreptitiously slide a gun beneath it ) . she proffer the hat ... elektra what a shame . you just miss he . blam blam blam -- she fire through the hat . he stagger back . stare . slump down . lower he head to the ground . she walk over , put she heel on he gun arm , press down , smile a half - psychotic smile . the gun be pin . Zukovsky be die . but he dredge up every last ounce of energy to raise he gun a millimetre off the ground , he outstretch arm already point at bond . elektra look surprised , then amused as Zukovsky 's finger begin to squeeze the trigger : he 's go to shoot bond ! bond stare back . Zukovsky 's eye narrow -- try for extreme accuracy ... blam ! the shot hit the bind at bond 's wrist . splinter the wood there . elektra stare at Zukovsky . she do not see where the bullet go , just that it miss bond . she watch he head slump further , stare at bond ... a look pass between the two man . comrade in arm . the merest of smile . then the light fade from he eye . Dead . elektra turn back to bond . smile . elektra Excuse I . she pick up a walkie-talkie , speak into it : elektra everything 's under control up here . be you ready ? renard ( filter ) yes . au revoir ... lose for a moment , she breathes heavily . she glance at Zukovsky 's corpse . slightly puzzle , to bond : elektra Zukovsky really hate you . ( beat ) time to say goodnight . and she kiss he -- reach behind to deliver the killer twist ... one super - fast movement : bond 's hand break free , grab she throat , tight . he hold she , they face close together , disdain in he eye -- hurl she backwards , she hand scratch at he face . ripping the collar from he neck , he get to he foot . move to Zukovsky , check he pulse , take the bloody gun from he finger . turn back , to see elektra disappear upstairs . a moment 's dilemma : should he race below to the sub -- or up to elektra ? he take off after elektra , grab the radio handset . CUT to : ext . submarine - secret quay ( maiden' tower ) - day the submarine 's engine roar to life . int . tower - continuous elektra rise up one of the triple spiral stairway lead to the various balcony of the minaret tower . int . tower / m's cell - day bond stalk up after she . there voice echo through the intertwined stair : elektra James . you can not kill I . not in cold blood . but bond be not waver . clutch Zukovsky 's bloody wet gun . he head up in the semi-darkness -- and suddenly swing to he right , at a unexpected but familiar Voice : m bond -- bond kick open a door and enter ... m's prison room he fire at the lock on she cell door and frees she . turn to go , head upward , after elektra . m go after the submarine , forget the girl . bond ! int . balcony / maiden' tower - bosphorus - day elektra have reach a balcony . it afford a spectacular view of Istanbul . bond appear , have she cornere . bond call he off . he hold the walkie-talkie to she mouth . bond I will not ask again . call he off ! she look at he seriously . he 's give she a last chance , willing she to save herself and the city . elektra ( into walkie - talkie ) renard . bond wait ... elektra ( to bond ) you would not kill I . you would miss I . and she face break into a pervert grin and -- elektra ( into walkie - talkie ) dive ! bond -- blam ! bond shoot she . she stagger back , shocked at she own mortality . bond I never miss . he look out : ext . bosphorus - day see the nose of the sub head into the bosphorus , half submerge . the hatch be still open . int . balcony / maiden' tower - bosphorus - day he stare at she dead body a beat . and then , he crouch . he touch she cheek , just once , before he go . behind he , unbeknownst , m have see it all . ext . maiden' tower - bosphorus - day he move to the ledge . compose himself -- and dive one hundre feet to the water . amazing . ext . submarine , bosphorus - day he surface close to the exite sub . grab a ladder , pull himself up . the hatch be close ... he splashes through the water flooding over the sub , appear in front of the amaze sailor shutting the hatch . whack he with the hatch . get inside . close it . millisecond before the hatch slide under the water . int . submarine - continuous bond down below . renard 's crew be spread throughout the sub . he creep through ... approach one man work some lever , smoking . bond hold he gun to he head . bond how do you want to die ? ( be : cigarette ) that ? ( be : gun ) or this ? int . cabin , submarine - moment later a few solid bang on the metal of Christmas ' door . it open and bond let the now unconscious man hit the deck . that be he head bang . christmas ( stunne ) James !... he take she by the hand , they move through the shadow of the sub . int . submarine - moment later a man be operate the tank . through the intercom : renard ( filter ) flood tank 4 and 5 ... the man do as tell . when he 's finish -- bond knock he out with the butt of he gun . int . submarine control room - moment later several man occupy the central control room , renard at they centre . Beyond , on the other side , the outer chamber of the reactor . int . other end of control room - submarine - day from the other end of the control room , bond and Christmas , so near and yet so far -- they can not get to the reactor because there be so many man in there . keeping behind cover : christmas be there another way ? bond we go down to the torpedo bay . int . tank control room , submarine lower deck - moment later bond and Christmas get attack . a vicious , silent fight ... then the radio set spark into life -- renard open the tank . bond be throttling the man with the cable . speak into the handset . bond ( disguise voice ) tank open . but the man have stretch he hand to a fire alarm : the klaxon resound . int . submarine control room - continuous renard look up . renard ( to self ) bond ... he flick a switch ; renard ( into mic ) bond ! you have decide to join I on this historic voyage . welcome to my nuclear family . intercut : bond on a intercom : his voice fill the control room . bond you be really go to commit suicide for she ? renard respond , into the microphone . renard in case you have forget . I be dead already . bond have not you hear the news ? so be she . renard 's face screw up in pain more searing than any he could feel in he skin ...he scream ... int . submarine ... the scream , like a wounded animal , echoe throughout the doom craft . back on renard , gasp , spend . renard you will die for this . he stride through to the int . reactor chamber jam shut the hatch behind he . now move through to the int . chamber beyond reactor where he pick up the plutonium . move back into the int . reactor chamber seal the other door behind he . and now he open up the cover of the glaring reactor ... int . tank control room , submarine - continuous Christmas see a panel light up : christmas the cover be off the reactor . bond read off more light ... bond he 's seal himself in . christmas he 's go to insert the plutonium . think fast , bond move to some control . Hit switch . christmas do you know what you be do ? bond like riding a bike . int . AIR tank , submarine - continuous the air tank immediately fill with water . int . tank control room , submarine - continuous Christmas and bond shift to the side . everything not screw down start slide ... ext . submarine - continuous - long shot the submarine be tilting , further and further , the nose drop down and down ... pretty soon we have the strange and incredible sight of a submarine hang vertically , nose down . int . reactor chamber , submarine - continuous renard hang on , swing , until he can get a foot on the nearest wall . int . tank control room , submarine - continuous bond and Christmas hang on too , get a grip . he help she up . christmas what kind of bike do you ride ? bond just want to put he on edge ... int . reactor chamber , submarine - continuous renard be disturb by the sub 's position , but only momentarily . he move to a intercom : renard open the torpedo tube . int . torpedo room - continuous bond hear a creak , turn to see the tube open -- water gush up toward they at a incredible rate . bond climb ! he pull Christmas up and they ascend to the next level . no chance to seal the chamber though , the water be already through the hatch . bond keep move . int . reactor chamber - continuous renard now struggle back up to the reactor , stare into the violet blue heat ... he hit a button . a rod slowly rise out of the reactor . int . lower submarine - continuous bond and Christmas be ahead of the water . they have reach a level where various system be operate from . bond there 's one chance . he punch button . ext . submarine , bosphorus - continuous High up on the sub , a hatch open . Water flood into a escape hatch . a inner door stop it get into the submarine itself . int . reactor chamber - continuous renard slowly insert the plutonium rod . immediately the light around he become a deeper blue , a horrible luminescence . the staccato click of a distant geiger counter intensify . int . submarine - continuous as bond open the inner door of a escape hatch , he point out a cabinet on the wall to Christmas . bond re-breather . she open the box to find the re-breather be rip to shred . no - one be ever mean to get off the sub . she show bond . bond never like that thing anyway . he climb into the escape chamber . bond Count to twenty . when you get to twenty open the hatch . it can only be open for a few second or we will sink . christmas but what if ... bond Count to twenty . I will be there . she move over and seal the door , wrench a lever which immediately flood the chamber with water . int . escape hatch - continuous Inside the chamber , bond hold he breath as water seep in . the most claustrophobic thing you have ever see . int . submarine - continuous a green light come on and Christmas punch a button ... ext . submarine , escape hatch - continuous the outer door open ... bond burst out and start the long swim up the outside of the submarine ... int . submarine - same Christmas be count . christmas one , one thousand , two , one thousand ... ext . submarine - underwater it 's dark out here . it would be very easy for bond to get disorient . he peer around , try to get he bearing against the vast vertical whale he 's swim up . pass the con tower . int . submarine christmas fourteen , one thousand , fifteen , one thousand ... ext . submarine - underwater bond be run out of air ... and then he see it -- the open hatch of the rear escape door . he get inside , yank it close ... int . submarine - continuous Christmas , shiver in the rise water . christmas twenty . she press a button ... int . chamber beyond ( now above ) reactor - continuous the hatch open and bond collapse out in a gush of water . the hatch close . the whole world be at a crazy angle here . bond look down at the seal door of the reactor chamber , curse . int . reactor chamber - continuous bath in the horrible light of the over-heate reactor , renard look upwards , aware of sound on the other side of the door ... ker-blam ! a blinding flash of light . the door shoot off its hinge , blast by bond . bond drop down into the chamber , take one look at renard , now a crumpled heap in the corner . bond move down to the next door , open it : bond Christmas ! and there she be , struggle , the water level way below still rise ... he lower a arm , pull she up . they clamber up to the reactor : int . reactor chamber bond be Pov : in the intense glow inside -- the overheate rod , protrude slightly . christmas we have to get the rod out of the reactor ! int . reactor chamber bond look at the gauge from behind a thick glass shield . Christmas come up level with he : christmas melting down . 4000 degree , the Zirconium casing on the rod crack . 5000 , the plutonium melt . in ten minute , a hydrogen explosion . the temperature gauge read 4500 and rising ... he start toward the reactor when suddenly renard be behind bond , throttle he . christmas grab at he , be flung back , nearly fall through the hatch but manage to grab a pipe , hang on for dear life . the gauge hit 4700 bond and renard struggle ... both slamm into switch and button . CUT to : omitted 314-316 int . submarine - continuous the gauge be passing 4900 , edging toward the no - way - back 5000 MARK . meltdown imminent ... he look down the sub -- more water racing upward ... back to the pile . scan the scene , search for a idea . see a hose , compress air escape from a fissure . thinks fast . grab the hose , snap it free ... renard be recover , have find a flare gun near he . raise it to bond ... bond' Pov in the reflection of the gauge ( which be millimeter from 5000 ) , we see renard approach from behind we ... bond jam the hose into the reactor , duck down -- as the air blow the rod out - narrowly miss he as it shoot past -- impale renard in the heart , just before he could shoot . renard stare at bond in horror . bond calmly take the flare gun off he . bond she 's wait for you . and he let he fall past Christmas , through consecutive open hatches of the sub , crash into the rise water . Christmas look down at the float corpse . bond watch the gauge -- as it edge down from 5000 . the nuclear disaster look like it 's avert . but suddenly water be gush in from above , through split in the sub 's shell ; it 's go to sink . bond we be sink . but she will not come . as water course over they : christmas help I . we have to seal it . she move to the reactor , close the cover . bond use he strength to push the heavy lock mechanism into place . bond climb upwards , drag Christmas with he . bond we have get to get out . christmas we can not . int . chamber beyond reactor - continuous they clamber into the next chamber up ... ext . submarine , bosphorus - continuous the submarine be slowly sink , nose down . Air be escape from the many seam that be creep apart . we can hear the metallic groans through the water . int . torpedo room bond and Christmas crawl into torpedo chamber ... bond reach out , set a timer to FIRE ... the clock tick down ... ext . submarine - underwater bosphorus - day the torpedo door open and bond and Christmas be shot out into the water , streaking through , as behind they ... the submarine explode in spectacular fashion . ext . surface , bosphorus - day bond and Christmas reach the surface ... look around they . no boat come to the rescue . they wave to a tourist boat pass . the boat head over to pick they up ... dissolve : omit 324 EST . shot - mi-6 - night the damage wing be be repair . int . briefing room - same tanner oversee thing , and then ... m walk in . efficient and steely as ever . all eye turn to she . she look at everyone ... make the briefest of nod . that be all the sentiment allow as business resume . she scan the machine : m any word from he ? tanner still no contact yet . ext . roof , istanbul - night a magnificent rooftop garden look out over Istanbul . Christmas and bond alone with some bollinger . firework explode above . they clink glass . he look out at the cityscape . bond I love Christmas in Turkey . christmas so be not it time you unwrapped you present ? int . briefing room - night tanner and q look at a satellite thermal image of istanbul . tanner that 's strange . the satellite image zoom in one particular car park in a side street . we can just make out bond 's aston martin . tanner he must be nearby . m come over . the image move from the car , close on the garden rooftop . the thermal image be multi-coloured , difficult to decipher . m where ? q this pick up body heat . human should be orange . ( search ) there . and he point to one orange figure lie on the rooftop . m ( to tanner ) I think you say he be with Doctor Jones ? they all look back to the image . the figure be turn red , almost glow . m it 's get redder . tanner , q and m realize as one that this be a image of two people , one atop the other . and get hotter . m bond . q switch the screen off , clear he throat . q could be a premature form of the millennium bug . ext . roof , istanbul - continuous it 's dark , we can not really see they . christmas you know James ... I think Christmas be come early this year . fade out the end --------------------------------------------------------------