the devil wear prada written by aline brosh mckenna base on the novel by lauren weisberger shoot draft - September 9 , 2005 Blue revision - September 15 , 2005 pink revision - September 20 , 2005 Green revision - October 9 , 2005 yellow revision - November 9 , 2005 goldenrod revision - November 14 , 2005 salmon revision - December 9 , 2005 2nd Blue in progress music up fade in steam on a mirror 1 ... wipe off by andy sach , 20' , pretty but not glamorous , 1 smart but green , hair up in a towel , brush she tooth . we intercut andy get ready and ... ... we see three or four other girl get ready too . 1a a drawer fill with about forty lipstick slide into 1a frame ... one of the girl carefully apply shiny lip gloss with a brush ... andy put on cherry chapstick ... 1b&amp ; C a lacy thong float through the air ... one of the girl pull 1 b&amp ; C it up she glossy leg ... a comfy cotton pair of jockey bikinis be tug out of a pile ... andy pull they on ... 1d a gorgeous pair of slingback heel . one of the girl pull 1d the shoe on while she model handsome boyfriend recline on crisp white sheet , watch she . 1e a pair of comfortable wedge ... andy dress while nate , 1e rumple , unshower , wear a old Alice in chain t-shirt , watch she , recline in mismatch bed-in - a- bag sheet ... 1 f&amp ; G a series of quick cut ... andy eat a full breakfast -- egg , 1 f&amp ; G bacon , bagel ... one of the girl carefully count out seven almond and pour a huge cup of black coffee ... 1h&amp ; I andy straighten a pile of newspaper clip from the Daily 1 h&amp ; I Northwestern with the byline andrea sach and proudly tuck they into she hideous college - graduation - present briefcase ... one of the girl take listerine breath strip , key and a gucci moneyclip and shove everything in a tiny fendi clutch . 2 ext . new york CITY -- day 2 the girl , look flawless , fold they leg into taxi and town car as andy trot down the street and into the subway . 3 int . office build lobby -- day 3 andy stride into a office building , confident . a guard stop she . indicate she sign he clipboard . she sign in . andy what floor be elias - Clarke ? human resource . beat . the guard just look at she . what ? ( continued ) 2 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 3 continued : 3 guard honey , you want West 57th . 4 ext . 57th STREET -- day 4 andy run , but she 's move against the pedestrian tide . we widen out to see andy , buck the flow like a salmon go upstream . she get to a intersection , start to cross the street ... ... and just miss be deck by a bike messenger . 5 ext . elias -clarke -- day 5 andy see a tower loom in front of she . elias - Clarke . stream into the building be the polished girl we see in the open ... they heel click -clack on the concrete ... they be the clacker of elias - Clarke . andy run in . 6 omitted 6 7 int . elias -clarke elevator -- day 7 andy be a shrub in a clacker forest . one turn to another . clacker # 1 you look awesome today . I can not wear cropped pants . I look like a whale . clacker # 2 oh , please . I look terrible . I almost call in fat today . andy look at they , then down at herself . if they be fat , what be I ? ding ! Elevator open and andy exit . 8 int . elias -clarke human resource office -- day 8 andy sit across from sherry , 40' . on the wall be cover from the elias - Clarke magazine -- a news magazine , a cooking magazine , a fitness magazine ... and runway . andy be unload clip from she horrible briefcase . andy this article be about the take back the night march . this be a four-part series on the impact of bus on the public school ... ( continued ) 3. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 8 continued : 8 sherry hold up she finger to stop andy talk . sherry I have two position available . one be assistant to the road test editor of Auto Universe magazine . andy ( force a smile ) and the other one --? 9 int . runway reception area -- day 9 sleek , elegant , hard - edge chic . behind the reception desk be a elegant logo that say runway . andy walk over . andy hi , I have a appointment with Emily charlton -- emily ( o.s. ) andrea sach ? ( emily ( and miranda , later ) pronounce andrea ahn-dray - a. andy refer to herself as a - dree - a . ) andy turn and see a taller , thin and , amazingly , more groom clacker . this be emily . she look the part of the sleek fashionista , but be propel by a core of barely tamped down anxiety . she examine andy . emily ( cont 'd ) human resource certainly have a bizarre sense of humor . ( sigh , annoyed ) follow I . 10 int . runway hallway -- day 10 emily briskly walk andy down the hall . emily okay , so ... I be miranda 's second assistant , but she first assistant recently get promote so now I be the first ... andy glimpsis a office in front of they , seductively bright . andy and you be replace yourself . ( continued ) 4. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 10 continued : 10 emily I be try . miranda sack the last two girl after only a few week . we need to find someone who can survive here . do you understand ? andy yes . of course . who 's miranda ? emily ( eye widen ) you do not just ask I that . she 's the editor in chief of runway . not to mention a legend . work a year for she and you can get a job at any magazine you want . a million girl would kill for this job . andy sound great . I would love to be consider . she smile . emily try to think how to break it to she . emily andrea , runway be a fashion magazine . a interest in fashion be crucial . andy what make you think I be not interested in fashion ? emily give she a look . andy smile , like she have no idea what emily could mean . suddenly , emily's blackberry go off . she gasp . emily oh my god. no . no , no , no . andy what 's wrong ? 11 ext . elias -clarke -- day 11 a black sedan pull to a sudden stop outside the building . 12 int . runway - bullpen - day 12 emily begin rapid-fire dial four digit extension . ( continued ) 5 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 12 continued : 12 emily ( all but scream ) she 's on she way -- tell everyone ! just then a dapper man of about 40 walk briskly by . nigel I think she be come in at 9 . emily her driver text - message . her facialist rupture a disk . God , this people ! nigel turn and see andy . look at emily . who be that ? emily ( cont 'd ) I can not even talk about it . no time to discuss . nigel call down the hallway . nigel all right , everyone . man you battle station ! ( beat , bewilder ) do somebody eat a onion bagel ? behind he , andy try not to look guilty . 13 ext . elias -clarke -- day 13 the sedan door open . we see only flash of miranda , what she 's wear , not the complete picture yet ... ... manolos , chanel jacket , Van cleef earring ... 14 int . runway - bullpen -- day 14 assistant frantically push clothing rail out of the way . editor race into they office . andy peer in . one of the editor change from kitten heel to sky-high stilettos ... ... another pull on a body shaper under she dress ... ... another hurriedly dump the remain of she breakfast -- some cube of cantaloupe -- into the trash ... 6 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 15 int . elias -clarke lobby -- day 15 we watch miranda walk through the lobby . we see people react to she -- guard , assistant and secretary cower , distinguished executive bow they head in respectful greeting . miranda maintain a high rate of speed towards the elevator . she get in . the clacker inside immediately leap out . clacker sorry , miranda . miranda do not acknowledge she existence . 16 int . runway - bullpen -- day 16 emily race to the kitchen ( right near they bullpen ) . get a glass , reach into the fridge , pour a pellegrino . race into miranda be office . race back out . grab a armful of magazine and newspaper from she desk and run back into miranda be office . 17 int . runway - reception area -- day 17 ... miranda step out of the elevator and for the first time we see she head - on . miranda be look be so distinctive you can spot she a mile away . she be unlike any other beautiful woman , singularly miranda . 18 int . runway - bullpen -- day 18 emily type frantically into she computer , press print , stand by the printer wait , take the paper out of the printer , put it on a clipboard . notice andy . emily oh no . you be still here . go. andy get up . emily ( cont 'd ) no , stay . I do not want you walk past she . just sit there and I will pray she do not notice you marring the area . andy sit back down . ( continued ) 7. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 18 continued : 18 andy ( to herself ) wow , this be like self - esteem camp . the rest of the office continue its hubbub ... 19 int . runway - hallway -- day 19 ..until the moment miranda enter the office from reception . instantly , a quiet fall . everyone look calm and professional . or fake it . emily , phony smile on she face , trot down the hall to walk miranda to she office . miranda I do not understand why it 's so difficult to confirm a appointment . emily I be so sorry , miranda . I do confirm last night , but -- miranda the detail of you incompetence do not interest I . miranda gesture impatiently . emily hand she the clipboard . miranda peruse it as they walk down the hall . miranda ( cont 'd ) tell Simone I be not approve the girl she send in for the Brazil layout . I want clean , athletic , and smile not dirty , tired and paunchy ... emily follow she . miranda ( cont 'd ) rsvp yes to the Michael kor party -- the car will drop I at 9:30 and wait until I leave at 9:45 ... tell Natalie at glorious Foods for the fortieth time -- no , I do not want the torte fill with warm rhubarb compote . I want the chop almond . emily jot everything down . ( continued ) 8. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 19 continued : 19 miranda ( cont 'd ) call my ex-husband and remind he the parent - teacher conference at dalton be tonight . then call my husband and tell he to meet I for dinner at that place I go with massimo ... emily right . miranda and tell Richard I see the picture of for the feature on female paramedics and they be all so unattractive . I do not understand . how hard be it to find a decent-look paramedic ?... also , I need to see what Nigel have call in for gwyneth 's second cover try ... miranda stop at emily be desk , take off she coat , dump it on emily be desk , walk past andy , seem not to notice she . miranda ( cont 'd ) who be that ? damn . do notice she . emily follow miranda . 19a int . runway - miranda's office 19 a emily nobody . human resource send she up about the assistant job and I be pre - interview she for you , but -- miranda I will do it . the last two you send I be total disappointment . send she in . 19b int . runway - bullpen -- day 19 B emily walk out of miranda be office . point at andy . emily she want to see you .. go go go .... and before andy walk in , emily take andy be hideous briefcase and chuck it under a desk . 9 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 20 int . runway - miranda's office -- day 20 andy walk in . miranda be office be chic , clean , wall line with photo by avedon , Penn , testino and meisel . we see large frame photo of miranda , she husband stephen and she twin girl , cassidy and caroline , in the hampton . the iced pellegrino sit on a coaster on the desk . a pile of magazine be fan out precisely on a table . miranda who be you ? andy hand she resume to miranda . miranda ignore it . andy my name be Andy sach . I recently graduate from -- miranda what be you do here ? andy I think I could do a good job as you assistant and -- miranda give she a look . andy ( cont 'd ) ( fast , blurt ) I come to New York to be a journalist and I send letter to everyone and I finally get a call from elias - Clarke and meet with sherry in human resource and basically it 's this or Auto Universe . andy stop , can not quite believe she say that . miranda take in this burst of honesty . miranda so you do not read runway ? andy no . miranda and before today , you have never hear of I ? ( continued ) 10 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 20 continued : 20 andy no . miranda and you have no style or sense of fashion . andy that depend on -- miranda that be not a question . andy I be editor in Chief of the Daily Northwestern . I win a national competition for college journalist with a series on the janitor 's union -- miranda hold up she hand . miranda that 's all . andy , startle by the abruptness , keep talk . andy -- that uncover the exploitation of -- miranda stare . andy abruptly stop talk . head for the door . then she stop and turn . andy ( cont 'd ) okay , you be right . I do not fit in here . I be not glamorous or skinny and I do not know much about fashion . but I be smart , I learn fast and I will work very hard . and ... miranda say nothing . just then we hear a voice , someone head into miranda be office . nigel we get the exclusive on the yellow cavalli for gwyneth , the one he show with a huge feathered headpiece , but she will look like she 's work the mainstage at the Golden nugget , so instead ... nigel stop when he see andy . ( continued ) 11 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 20 continued : ( 2 ) 20 andy ( to miranda ) thank you for you time . she summon all she dignity and exit , walk past nigel , who look at miranda . nigel who be that sad little person ? be we do a before and after piece I do not know about ? 21 int . elias -clarke lobby -- day 21 andy stagger out of the elevator , catch she breath . suddenly she hear someone call . emily andrea ! andy turn . and see emily . 22 int . nate' restaurant -- night 22 nothing fancy . the kind of place that refill you sprite . andy be with two of she friend , doug and lily . doug be build like a linebacker and very sweet . and she boyfriend , nate , great look , no vanity . he 's the kind of guy who have he own radio show in college and play intramural rugby . it 's the end of nate' shift and he 's wear he kitchen white . there be just a few people leave in the restaurant and at the bar . nate wow . you get a job at a fashion magazine . ( beat ) be it a phone interview ? andy laugh , smack he playfully . andy do not be a jerk . doug miranda priestly be famous for be unpredictable . ( continued ) 12. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 22 continued : 22 andy okay , how be it that you know who she be and I do not ? doug I be actually a girl . lily that would explain so much . doug seriously , miranda be a huge deal . I bet a million girl would kill for that job . andy yeah , it 's just that I be not one of they . lily you have to start somewhere . look at this dump nate work in . Paper napkin ? hello ? nate ( do not miss a beat ) and lily work at that gallery do -- ( to lily ) what the hell be it that you do ? doug lucky for I , I have my dream job . nate ( huh ? ) you be a corporate research analyst . doug -- which totally rock . the free bagel on Thursday ? the booze ? the whore ? they look at he . doug ( cont 'd ) you be right . there be no bagel . and only a few whore . 23 ext . nate' restaurant - STREET -- night 23 the pavement be shiny from a recent rain . it 's a chilly night in March . andy and nate walk home . ( continued ) 13. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 23 continued : 23 andy you should see the way the girl dress at runway . I be not sure I have anything to wear to work . nate you be go to be answer phone and get coffee . you need a ballgown for that ? andy I think I might . nate I think you look great . always . she smile . he pull she in ... andy you be so full of it . he laugh , and kiss she . nate come on . let 's go home . I can think of something you can do without clothes . just then a lincoln town car come barrel up the street go way too fast , almost clipping they . nate ( cont 'd ) asshole ! he and andy give the car the finger , laugh . 24 int . andy and nate' apartment -- dawn 24 small , with a view of a air shaft . the bed 's a futon . on the floor . andy and nate be asleep . dim light trickle in . nate wake up , pull andy closer . soon they be kissing . they kiss become more urgent ... andy be cell phone ring , shrill , annoyingly upbeat . she feel around , find the phone . andy hello ? now ? she look over at the alarm clock which read : 6:15 am . 14 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 25 int . runway -- dawn 25 emily be in the office . emily miranda decide to kill the Autumn jacket story for September -- she 's pull up the sedona shoot from October . you need to go into the office right this second . pick up she coffee order on the way . write this down . 26 omitted 26 27 int . andy'' apartment -- morning 27 andy have try on every bit of clothing she own ; there 's a huge discard pile on the floor . her closet be empty . she look at she outfit in the mirror . and be promptly overcome by a wave of self - hatred . no time to fix it . 28 omitted 28 29 ext . starbucks -- day 29 andy , carry a Starbucks tray load with coffee drink and snack , race up the street , sloshing coffee on she shoe . her phone ring . emily where be you ? andy I be almost there . she run faster . 30 int . runway - reception -- day 30 andy step out of one elevator as nigel exit the other . a beat . he realize . nigel no ... andy yes . she give I the job . ( continued ) 15 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 30 continued : 30 nigel clearly my opinion mean nothing . ( extend he hand ) Nigel kipling . fashion director . let 's see what we be work with . ( examine she outfit ) wow . it 's like Oklahoma and New Jersey have a baby out of wedlock . andy actually , I be from Cincinnati . nigel no , it 's not possible . not you . as andy head off down the hall ... nigel ( cont 'd ) welcome to the dollhouse , baby . 31 int . runway - miranda's office -- day 31 miranda be stand by the door to she office as lucia , a beautiful brazilian woman who be one of the senior editor , walk in with a couple of fashion assistant . miranda be there a reason my coffee be not here ? be I unclear in some way ? emily look panicked . 32 int . runway - bullpen -- day 32 andy race down the hall , carry the coffee to the bullpen . before andy can even say hello -- emily I hope you know this be a very difficult job for which you be totally wrong and if you mess up my head be on the chopping block . emily take the coffee , bring it into miranda be office , walk back out to she desk . emily ( cont 'd ) okay , first of all , you and I answer the phone . the phone must be answer every single time it ring . ( more ) ( continued ) 16 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 32 continued : 32 emily ( cont 'd ) phone roll to voicemail , she get very upset . if I be not here , you be chain to this desk . andy what if the building 's on fire or my appendix explode or something ? emily one time a assistant leave the desk because she slice she hand open with a letter opener . miranda miss lagerfeld right before he board a 17 hour flight to Australia . she now work at tv guide . andy man the desk at all time . get it . the phone ring . emily pick it up . emily miranda priestly 's office . she 's not available . I will tell she you call . yet again . ( back to andy ) remember , you and I have totally different job . you run errand , you get coffee , etcetera . I be in charge of she schedule , she expense , she appointment . and , most importantly ... ( big drumroll , she beam ) I get to go with she to Paris for fashion week in the fall . emily point to she Arc de triomphe screensaver . emily ( cont 'd ) ( giddy ) I get to wear couture , go to all the show , all the party , meet all the designer . it 's divine . ( sigh happily , then , abruptly ) ( more ) ( continued ) 17 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 32 continued : ( 2 ) 32 emily ( cont 'd ) okay , stay here . I be go to the art department to give they the Book . emily show andy a thick scrapbook . emily ( cont 'd ) the Book be a mock - up of everything in the current issue . we deliver it to miranda 's apartment every night and she return it in the morning with she note . the second assistant be suppose to do it , but miranda be very private and do not like stranger go to she house . so until she decide you be not a psycho , I get the lovely task of wait around for the Book . andy how do I prove I be not a psycho ? emily I have no idea . and with that , emily pivot and walk away . andy look around , unsure . andy wait . what do I do if -- emily keep walk . and sure enough , the phone ring . andy look at it . andy ( cont 'd ) oh no . ( take a breath , pick up ) Mrs. priestly 's office . ( beat , wince ) that 's what I mean . miranda priestly 's office . she search around for a pen . andy ( cont 'd ) she 's in a meeting . can I take message ? I be sorry . can you spell gabbana -- ( they hang up ) guess not . she hang up . take a breath . okay . get through one call . ( continued ) 17a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 32 continued : ( 3 ) 32 just then jocelyn , the attractively tomboyish accessory editor , walk out of miranda be office . jocelyn run-through at 3 , shoot 8 be tomorrow . of course . no problem . jocelyn glare at andy . jocelyn ( cont 'd ) who the hell do she think I be , houdini ? andy hi , I be Andy , I be the new -- jocelyn great . fantastic . if you will excuse I , I gotta go pull a bunch of fringe purse out of my ass . ( continued ) 18. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 32 continued : ( 4 ) 32 andy turn and see nigel walk down the hall carry a pair of stun dolce slingbacks . he hold out the shoe . nigel I guess 8 1/2. andy that 's very nice of you , but I do not need that . miranda hire I . she know what I look like . nigel do you ? miranda Emily ! we hear miranda clearly . she 's not yell . she never yell . miranda ( cont 'd ) Emily ! nigel she mean you . ( nudge she ) go. andy take a deep breath . 33 int . runway - miranda's office 33 andy appear in the door . miranda be talk to paul , the art director , who be show she a layout . miranda it 's too dark . I can not see any of the clothes ... paul ... I think he intend to use shadow to show the contour of the ... miranda and what be this ? I want the title of the layout to bleed over the leave side of the photo ... paul I see , well , we need room for the typeface to pick up the line of the dress , which be cut on the bias , so we ... ( continued ) 18a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 33 continued : 33 miranda no , no , no . that 's not what I want . I make that abundantly clear ... miranda look up and see andy . miranda ( cont 'd ) there you be , Emily . how many time do I have to scream you name ? andy actually , it 's Andy . miranda give andy a look . and andy notice she 's bring the room to a screeching halt . andy ( cont 'd ) my name be Andy . andrea , but people call I Andy . ( continued ) 19 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 33 continued : ( 2 ) 33 miranda what a fantastic story . so entertaining and full of useful information . miranda look at she . and smile . terrify . miranda ( cont 'd ) I need ten or fifteen skirt from calvin klein ... andy what kind of -- miranda please bore someone else with you question . make sure we can get pier 59 at 8 be tomorrow ... remind jocelyn I want to see a few of that satchel Marc be do in the pony ... and tell Simone I will take frankie if maggie be not available tomorrow ... and do demarchelier confirm ? andy demar -- miranda get he on the phone . as andy leave -- miranda ( cont 'd ) and Emily . andy turn . andy yes ? and miranda do not say anything . just look at andy be shoe . then back up at andy . her message unmistakable . 34 int . runway office - bullpen -- day 34 andy fly out of miranda be office , race over to the desk , pull on the dolce . miranda immediately call out ... miranda do you have demarchelier ? ( continued ) 20 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 34 continued : 34 andy try to look the name up in the address book on the computer . andy demarchelier ... demarchelier ... just then emily appear behind andy . she dial the phone . emily I have miranda priestly call . ( call out ) I have Patrick . she flip the call to miranda . then turn to andy , who 's slightly panicked . andy she call I in and ask I about pier 59 . she say something about Simone and frankie and someone else . and she need skirt from calvin klein . I think that 's the most important thing , but I could not tell . oh , and there be something about a pony . emily do she say which skirt ? ( andy shake she head no ) do she say what kind ? ( no . ) Color ? shape ? fabric ? ( no. no. no . ) andy I try to ask she , but -- emily you never ask miranda . anything . ( sigh ) all right , I will take care of the other stuff . you go to calvin klein . andy I ? emily I be sorry . do you have a prior commitment ? be there some hideous pants convention ? ( continued ) 21 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 andy so I just , what , go down to the calvin klein store and ask they -- emily roll she eye so hard they almost eject from she head . emily you be not go to the store . andy of course not . I be go ... to he house . emily ( oh god why I ? ) you be catch on quickly . we always send assistant to a designer 's home on they very first day . you be go to he showroom . I will give you the address . andy sorry . get it . what 's the nearest subway stop ? emily good God . you do not . under any circumstance . take public transportation . on andy . I do not ? 35 ext . elias -clarke -- day 35 andy step out . see a Black lincoln town car . she smile . 36 ext . elias -clarke / int . town car -- day 36 andy ride uptown . she look around -- the magazine , the tiny bottle of water , the little dish of candy . the driver , roy , look at she in the mirror . roy miranda 's new assistant . congrat . andy thanks . andy take some candy . ( continued ) 22. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 36 continued : 36 roy you know -- andy you be go to say a million girl would kill for my job . roy actually , I be go to say that jelly bean be seven year old . andy put the candy back . 37 ext . calvin klein showroom -- day 37 andy look up at the showroom . her phone ring again . miranda ( o.s. ) be you there ? andy I be about to walk in . I will call you as soon as -- click . her phone immediately ring again . emily ( o.s. ) while you be out ... miranda need you to go to Hermes and pick up twenty five scarve we order for she . cassidy forget she homework at dalton , pick that up . and miranda go out to meet with meisel , she will want more Starbucks when she get back . click . 38 int . calvin klein showroom -- day 38 liz , the sale rep , bring out a rack of skirt for andy . liz you must be new . congratulation . people would kill for you job . I would . I love miranda . she 's such a icon . I have deal with she a couple time , but I be sure she do not remember . just then andy'' phone ring . ( continued ) 23. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 38 continued : 38 miranda ( o.s. ) what do they have ? andy look at the rack , search for the right terminology . andy there 's a um , variety of skirt . let 's see ... liz mouth " be that she ? " andy nod . liz smile . miranda ( o.s. ) who 's there ? who be you deal with ? andy I be sorry . what 's you name ? liz Liz . andy it 's Liz . miranda ( o.s. ) get away from she . she be useless and unattractive . ask for Ivan , tell he we be do a reshoot tomorrow and need at least ten skirt . click . andy look at liz . liz ( eager ) what do she say ? andy ( wince ) be Ivan in by any chance ? liz ( crush ) I will get he . 39 &amp ; 40 omitted 39 &amp ; 40 41 int . runway - bullpen -- day 41 andy walk in , laden with stuff and more coffee and snack . emily spring up . ( continued ) 24 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 41 continued : 41 emily oh my God . what take you so long ? I have to pee . andy you have not peed since I leave ? just then miranda walk through , dump she coat on andy be desk and walk into she office . emily you do the coat . she point to the closet . andy quickly hang up the coat . emily ( cont 'd ) now , be prepare . the run-through be at 12:30 and people be panic , so the phone be go to be ringing off the hook . andy the run-through . right . clearly , she have no idea what a run-through be . emily ( exasperate ) the editor bring in option for a shoot and miranda choose . she choose every single thing in every single issue . run-throughs be a huge deal . and indeed andy can see editor run in and out of they office , rack of clothes and accessory fly . andy be it always like this ? emily no. sometimes it 's busy . just then the tallest , thinnest and most intimidating clacker , the severely dress , highly snobby serena , walk over . emily ( cont 'd ) after the loo , serena and I be go to lunch . ( to serena , be : andy ) this be she . the new I . ( continued ) 24a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 41 continued : ( 2 ) 41 serena eye andy with disbelief . emily ( cont 'd ) I tell you . serena I think you be kid . emily oh , no . I be quite serious . emily turn to andy . emily ( cont 'd ) I get twenty minute for lunch , you get fifteen . when I come back , you can go . as andy watch emily and serena' thin hip as they move down the hall , talk about how absurd andy look . ( continued ) 25 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 41 continued : ( 3 ) 41 andy you eat lunch ? 42 int . elias -clarke cafeteria -- day 42 a pasta bar . desert . a pizza station . not a soul . a salad bar . Girls crowd the lettuce area , though no one 's within a mile of the dress region . andy race over to the desert soup station . quickly ladle some corn chowder into a bowl . nigel walk by with he tray . nigel corn chowder . interesting choice . andy look at he , confuse . nigel ( cont 'd ) you do know that cellulite be one of the ingredient of corn chowder . they walk over to the register , which have a long line . a few girl be openly gape , amaze that andy select chowder . andy none of the girl here eat anything ? nigel not since 2 become the new 4 and 0 become the new 2 . andy I be a 6 . nigel which be the new 14 . andy dip a piece of bread in she chowder , eat it . see this , two of the clacker gasp in horror ... then andy notice she 's drip on she blouse . she dab it . nigel ( cont 'd ) something tell I you have get more polyblend where that come from . andy okay . you think my clothes be hideous . I get it , okay ? ( more ) ( continued ) 26 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 42 continued : 42 andy ( cont 'd ) but I be not go to be work in fashion forever . I do not see any reason to change everything about myself because I have this job . nigel you be right . that 's what this multi- million dollar industry be all about . Inner beauty . just then nigel be phone ring . he pick up , listen . nigel ( cont 'd ) miranda want we upstairs . Chairman 's on he way down to she office . close on ... andy be corn chowder and nigel be salad be chuck in the garbage . 43 int . elias -clarke - elevator -- day 43 andy and nigel get in . irv ravitz be already riding up . nigel nod , deferential . nigel Mr. ravitz . irv Nigel . issue go well ? nigel we biggest September ever . irv great . I hear miranda kill Autumn jacket and pull up the sedona shoot . what 's that cost I ? nigel about 300000 . irv ( smile ) must have be some lousy jacket . but I be sure she know what she 's do . nigel always . irv glance over at andy , offer he hand . ( continued ) 26a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 43 continued : 43 irv irv ravitz . nigel I be sorry ... this be Andy sach , miranda 's new assistant . irv congratulation , young lady . a million girl would kill for that job . the elevator open . irv nod to nigel and exit . nigel ( to andy ) Chairman of elias Clarke . you know what they say , tiny man , huge ego . ( check he watch ) we should have take the stair . 43a omitted 43a 43b omitted 43b 27 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 44 omitted 44 45 int . runway - miranda's office -- day 45 accessory be spread out on the floor in basket trays . clothes be on rack . miranda click through the rack . miranda no ... no ... no ... I swear I do not understand why it 's so difficult for you to pull together a decent run - through . you have hour to prepare ... ( continue click ) where be all the advertiser ? lucia we have some piece from banana Republic and -- ( continued ) 28 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 45 continued : 45 miranda we need more . miranda hold up a skirt . show it to Nigel . miranda ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? nigel you know I . a full ballerina skirt with a hint of saloon and I be on board . miranda be it too much like the -- nigel -- lacroix from July ? I think of that , but with the right accessory , it could work ... miranda nod . he 's right of course . miranda where be the belt for this skirt ? jocelyn race over and hold up two belt . miranda study they . andy look at they too . to we , and to she , they look exactly the same . jocelyn tough call . they be so different . andy let out a little giggle . and it 's like she set off a grenade . slowly everyone turn to she . miranda be something funny ? andy no , no , no . it 's just ... and miranda say nothing . andy twist in the wind . andy ( cont 'd ) it 's just that both of that belt look the same to I . I be still learn about this stuff , so -- and the silence be deafen . everyone look to see what miranda will do . ( continued ) 28a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 45 continued : ( 2 ) 45 miranda this ... stuff ? okay . I understand . you think this have nothing to do with you . you go to you closet and select , say , that lumpy blue sweater because you be try to tell the world that you take yourself too seriously to care about what 's on you body . what you do not know be that you sweater be not blue . it 's not even sky blue . it 's cerulean . you also do not know that in 2002 , De La renta do a collection of cerulean gowns , yves St. Laurent show a cerulean military jacket , dolce do skirt with cerulean bead , and in we September issue we do the definitive layout on the color . cerulean quickly appear in eight other major collection , then the secondary and department store line and then trickle down to some lovely casual corner , where you no doubt stumble on it . ( more ) ( continued ) 29 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 45 continued : ( 3 ) 45 miranda ( cont 'd ) that color be worth million of dollar and many job . and here you be , think you have make a choice that exempt you from the fashion industry . in truth , you be wear a sweater that be select for you by the people in this room . from a pile of stuff . she smile at andy . who quake . miranda ( cont 'd ) that 's all . 46 int . andy &amp ; nate' apartment -- night 46 on andy at home , pace . she change out of she work clothes into sweat while nate make she what look to be the tastiest grill cheese in history . andy you should have see the look she give I . I think the flesh be go to melt off she face . nate laugh . andy ( cont 'd ) it 's not funny . she could be the most horrendous person I have ever meet . she 's not happy unless everyone around she be panicked , nauseous or suicidal . and all the clacker just worship she ... ( off he confuse look ) they call they clacker . they stilettos in the marble lobby ... clack , clack , clack ... she pull a ancient Northwestern sweatshirt over she head . she start eat the grill cheese , gesture angrily with it as she talk . andy ( cont 'd ) and they all act like they be curing cancer or something . the amount of time and energy they spend on thing that don't matter !!! pore over this minute detail . and for what ? ( more ) ( continued ) 30 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 46 continued : 46 andy ( cont 'd ) so tomorrow they can spend a extra 300000 dollar reshoot something that be probably fine to begin with ? to sell people thing they do not need ? she put down the sandwich . andy ( cont 'd ) God , I be not even hungry anymore . maybe that 's why everyone there be so skinny . nate gimme that . there 's about eight dollar worth of jarlsberg in there . he take the sandwich , take a bite . andy I just have to stick it out for one year . then I can do what I come to New York to do . I can not let miranda get to I . I will not . nate easy , killer . andy and give I that sandwich . nate oh , no way . it 's mine now . she grab it away from he . he chase she , try to get it back . music up . the work montage . 47 int . runway - bullpen -- day 47 miranda walk past andy . andy put she best face on . andy good morning , miranda ! thwack ! miranda 's coat land on Andy 's desk . miranda get I Isaac . we see andy look through the computerize address book , find the number . thwack ! another coat land on andy be desk . 31 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 47a int runway - miranda's office 47a in her office . miranda push she plate of scramble egg across the desk . miranda this egg be frigid . 47b ext . diner STREET -- day 47b CUT to : andy run out of the diner , sprinting , hold miranda be egg . 47c int . runway bullpen -- day 47c thwack ! another coat . miranda pick up the Polaroid from the swimwear shoot . 47d int . studio -- day 47d andy open the door onto in a narrow room fill with semi- naked woman change into bikinis . someone point andy towards the stylist ... on the other side . she pick she way across , try not to stare and , in a effort to avoid brush against a body part , she veer into a rack of clothing , send it clatter into the wall . 47e int . runway bullpen -- day 47e thwack ! another coat . miranda the brake in my car be make a weird noise . take it in . 47f ext . STREET -- day 47f CUT to : andy , drive a porsche up the street , brake squealing . she 's terrify . 47fa int . runway bullpen -- day 47fa thwack ! another coat . miranda we need the hat from the finale of the Zac posen show . 32 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 47fb ext . bryant park -- day 47fb we see andy carry the " hat " -- a funny , over - the-top concoction ( at least 30 inch tall , perhaps with a taxidermied bird in it or something such ... ) . people stare . 47g int . runway bullpen -- day 47g thwack ! another coat . miranda the girl need new boogieboard for spring break . 47h int . -- day 47h andy walk down the street with two custom - paint boogie board under she arm . andy be phone ring . she pick up . emily ( v.o. ) they also need flip flop . andy do a 180 with the boogie board , almost decking some people . 47i int . runway bullpen -- day 47i thwack ! another coat . miranda pick up my shoe from manolo . 47j ext . STREET -- day 47j CUT to : andy carry a huge manolo bag fill with shoe box ... 47k int . runway - miranda's office -- day 47 k miranda ... and while you be out , get Patricia . 47l ext . STREET -- day 47l wide out to reveal she 's not only carry the luggage , she 's also fight Patricia , a St. Bernard on a leash . 47m int . runway - bullpen 47 m thwack ! another coat ! thwack ! another coat ! thwack ! thwack ! thwack ! 32a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 48 int . runway - bullpen -- day 48 andy be at she desk , exhaust , head in hand . miranda get I Isaac ! ( continued ) 33. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 48 continued : 48 and this time , without consulting the rolodex or even lift she head much , andy dial the number by heart . andy I have Isaac . wide out to see emily . a beat . andy ( cont 'd ) wow . thank God it 's Friday , huh ? emily ignore she , busy assemble a stack of lookbook to return to the Art Department . andy ( cont 'd ) my dad 's come in from Ohio this weekend . we be have dinner tonight . then we be see " Chicago " ... emily say nothing . andy ( cont 'd ) you do anything fun this weekend ? emily yes . emily walk away . 49 ext . andy &amp ; nate' apartment -- evening 49 we see andy be dad , richard , distinguished , if a few pound overweight , be ringing the doorbell to andy be apartment . andy call down . andy dad ! I will be right down ! 50 int . upscale restaurant -- night 50 andy and she dad be at a upscale , quiet restaurant . he hand she a envelope . richard here . do not want you to get behind in you rent . andy how do you -- ( realize ) I be gonna kill Mom . thank you . ( continued ) 34 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 50 continued : 50 she tuck it in she purse . they smile at each other . andy ( cont 'd ) it 's so good to see you . you want to start grill I now or should we wait until after dinner ? richard ( grin ) think I would let you at least enjoy the bread basket first . andy ( smile ) oh , just go ahead . richard we be just a little worried . we get email from you at you office at 2 be , you pay be terrible , you do not get to write anything ... andy ( still try to keep it light ) hey . not fair . I write that e- mail . richard I be just try to understand why someone who be accept to Stanford Law turn that down to be a journalist and now you be not even do that -- andy oh please . not this again . richard why do you even bother apply to law school ? andy because it 's what you want . this be what I want . richard this ? be a secretary ? andy I be a executive assistant . ( continued ) 35 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 50 continued : ( 2 ) 50 richard you hang coat , you go to Starbucks , you be a secretary , Andy . andy you have to trust I . be miranda 's assistant open a lot of door . Emily be go to Paris with miranda in a few month , she will meet editor and writer from every important magazine . but richard still look dubious . andy ( cont 'd ) dad , I swear . this be my break . this be my chance . this be my -- just then the cell phone ring . andy look down at it . andy ( cont 'd ) - boss . richard look at she . andy ( cont 'd ) I have to get it . andy pick up she cell phone . 51 int . miami INTERNATIONAL airport -- night 51 miranda be surround by crowd head home for the weekend . miranda my flight be cancel ... some absurd weather problem . she start move through the airport . miranda ( cont 'd ) I have to get home . tonight . the twin have a recital at school tomorrow morning . 52 int . upscale restaurant -- night 52 richard look at andy . andy absolutely , miranda . let I see what I can do . ( continued ) 36 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 52 continued : 52 she hang up , look at richard . andy ( cont 'd ) ( apologetic ) I be so sorry , dad . I have to deal with this . 53 ext . STREET -- night 53 quick cut of andy on the cell phone as she and richard walk through Times Square . andy I need a jet from Miami to New York ... ( jump cut ) a jet , any kind of jet ... ( jump cut ) yes , tonight , right now . ( jump cut ) from Miami to New York . ( jump cut ) as soon as possible . please call I back as soon as the situation change . ( jump cut ) I be try , miranda . no one be fly out because of the weather . throughout , andy gesture to she dad ... I be sorry . this will just take a second . 54 int . miami int'l airport -- night 54 miranda look out the window at the squall . miranda please . it 's just drizzle . someone must be get out . call donatella and get she jet . call everyone with a jet -- irv , armani ... andy ( o.s. ) but -- and miranda hang up . 55 ext . theater -- night 55 a few minute later . andy stand there , clutching she phone , think ... richard Andy , come on . let 's go in . ( continued ) 37 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 55 continued : 55 andy I have do everything I could think of . I do not know what else to do . andy 's phone ring again . richard look at she . andy ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , dad . ( she pick up ) miranda , you do not understand . even if I get you a plane , they will not let you take off tonight and -- miranda Emily . stop make excuse . get I home . she hang up . andy oh my God . she be go to murder I . richard would it help if I talk to she ? 56 int . runway - miranda's office -- day 56 andy stand in front of miranda be desk , cow . miranda the girl ' recital be wonderful . they play rachmaninoff and everyone love it . except for I ... because I be not there . andy I be so sorry , miranda . miranda turn away from the window to look at andy . miranda do you know why I hire you ? andy shake she head . miranda turn to face she . miranda ( cont 'd ) I always hire the same girl , stylish , slender , worship the magazine . and often they turn out to be disappoint and stupid . andy blanch . ( continued ) 38 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 56 continued : 56 miranda ( cont 'd ) but you , with you fancy resume and you big speech about you so-called work ethic -- I think you would be different . I think , go ahead , take a chance , hire the smart , fat girl . andy be eye widen ( she 's not even remotely fat , of course . ) miranda ( cont 'd ) I have hope . I always have hope . but you be as disappoint as anyone else . andy I do everything I could think of -- miranda that 's all . and she go back to she work . andy stand there a second , then leave . and we see she eye start to well . 57 int . runway - bullpen -- day 57 andy come out of the office , bite back tear . she immediately start run down the hall . emily Excuse I , where do you think you -- andy keep run . 58 int . runway - nigel's office -- day 58 andy walk in , very upset . nigel look up , surprised . andy she hate I , Nigel . nigel and that 's my problem because -- wait , no . not my problem . andy I need you help . I do not know what to do . it 's like I be completely beneath she contempt . nigel so quit . ( continued ) 38a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 58 continued : 58 she look at he . what ? nigel ( cont 'd ) we could replace you in five minute . with someone who really want this job . andy that 's not fair . I be lucky to be work for miranda -- I do not get that at first , but I do now . I want to be here . but it just seem like no matter how hard I try , I do not do anything right . ( continued ) 39 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 nigel Andy , please . be serious . you be not try . you be whining . she look shocked . nigel ( cont 'd ) you want I to say poor you , miranda be pick on you ? she 's just do she job . wake up , six . you be work at the place that first publish some of the major artist of the century -- Halston , De La renta , lagerfeld . and what they make be cooler than art , because you live you life in it -- I mean , not you , but some people . this be not just a magazine . it 's a shine beacon of hope for , oh , I do not know , say a young boy grow up in rhode Island with six brother , pretend to go to soccer practice when he be actually at sewing class and read runway at night under the cover with a flashlight . he pick up steam as he talk . nigel ( cont 'd ) you have no idea how many legend have walk this hall and what 's worse , you do not care . because this be a " step stone " for you . this place , that people would die to work , you deign to work . and you want to know why she do not give you a kiss on the forehead and put a gold star on you homework ? andy okay , fine ! he look at she . andy ( cont 'd ) you be right . I be screwing this up . and I know this could be a big break for I . I be go to try harder , I promise . but there 's one thing I can not do by myself . she look at he . he realize what she 's ask . ( continued ) 40 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 58 continued : ( 3 ) 58 nigel oh , no . no way ... andy you do it with the other girl . nigel the other girl be different . they really want it . andy please , Nigel . do not make I beg ... he look at she , think ... 59 int . runway - closet -- day 59 nigel swing open the door to ... ... a large room pile high with shoe , bag , clothes , fur , jewelry . andy follow , look around at everything . nigel I do not know what you expect I to do . this be all sample size -- 2 and 4 . he think , hand she a item . andy a ... poncho ? nigel you will take what I give you and you ' will like it . he look around , assess everything with a practice eye . then he start fling clothing at andy . nigel ( cont 'd ) versace peasant skirt -- we can pull it up , belt it , make it a dress ... miu miu boyfriend cardigan ... alberta ferretti dress -- smock , very forgive . and let 's find you some chanel . you be in desperate need of chanel . as she catch the clothing . ( continued ) 41 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 59 continued : 59 nigel ( cont 'd ) do not just stand there . we have to get you to the beauty department too . and God know how long that will take . 60 int . runway - bullpen -- day 60 emily be talk to serena . emily I have no idea why miranda hire she . serena I , neither . the other day we be in the beauty Department and she hold up the shu uemura eyelash curler and say " what be this ? " they laugh at the total absurdity of this . emily I know from the moment I see she that she be a complete and utter -- and suddenly andy appear in she gorgeous clothes , she make - up impeccable , hair soft , loose and pretty . she look grow - up , sexy and above all sophisticated . emily ( cont 'd ) ( voice trail ) -- disaster . andy sit down at she desk , pretend she do not hear she . emily be still stare . andy be phone ring . andy miranda priestly 's office . she 's not in . I will leave word . she hang up . emily be still gape . andy ( cont 'd ) ( in emily's posh accent ) can I help you , love ? 61 ext . nate' restaurant -- night 61 andy wait for nate outside he restaurant in the alley . he walk out , banter with a couple other cook . he start to walk away , go ... ( continued ) 41a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 61 continued : 61 ... right past andy . stop . walk back a few step . he look she up and down , stunne . andy what do you think ? nate I think we better get out of here before my girlfriend see I with you . she smile , grab he hand and walk he down the alley . to where she town car be wait . ( continued ) 42 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 61 continued : ( 2 ) 61 andy wanna lift , stranger ? music up . the makeover montage . 62 ext . andy &amp ; nate' apartment -- day 62 we see andy exit she apartment , wear a fabulous outfit ... she walk behind a newsstand , emerge from the other side ... in a completely different fabulous outfit ... 62a&amp ; B ext . subway -- day 62 a&amp ; B she go into the subway , then come out of the subway in yet another great outfit ... 62c&amp;d ext . starbucks -- day 62 c&amp ; D she enter Starbucks ... emerge wear another outfit , head down the street ... and walk behind a bus , emerge from the other side in one more fantastic outfit ... 62e ext . elias -clarke -- day 62e each outfit over the course of the montage improve on the one before ... until we see andy walk in the plaza of elias - Clarke , indistinguishable now from all the other clacker . 62f int . runway - reception - day 62 F Andy walk through the reception area , walk behind a wall , and continue through the hallway in another fabulous outfit . 63 int . runway - miranda's office 63 andy enter . set a glass of pellegrino down on the table . just then miranda enter , on the cell phone . miranda the gowns be fabulous , Ralph . we be use the burgundy for the cover try and the lemon chiffon for the goddess story . and just then she look up and see andy . the transformed andy . and she reaction of approval be tiny , but it 's there . of course she keep talk like she do not notice a thing . 64 omitted 64 42a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 65 int . bar -- night 65 andy join she friend and nate . she plop a expensive , fancy bang &amp ; olufsen phone on the table . andy bang &amp ; olufsen . Charlie Rose send it to miranda for she birthday . ( more ) ( continued ) 43. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 65 continued : 65 andy ( cont 'd ) I look it up online . it 's 750 dollar . she do not want it , so Emily tell I to keep it . Oprah send a present . so do jessica Simpson . and Nelson mandela . nate all for a woman who do not need anything . perfect . she reach into she bag , hand out perfume , cosmetics . etc. andy here ... a bunch of kiehl 's , some mason pearson hair brushes ... doug dammit , I love you job . doug pick up one of the perfume bottle and be about to spray it on he hand when andy stop he . andy it 's call " pink " . for woman . doug Men can be pink . I have a pink side . lily please . we be eat . andy hand lily a blue purse . lily gasp . lily ( cont 'd ) where do you get this ? this be the new Marc Jacobs , sell out everywhere . it 's nineteen hundred dollar . I can not take this . but lily be already happily transfer she thing from she old purse into the new one . andy sure you can . nate why do woman need so many bag ? you get one , it hold all you junk , be not you do ? ( continued ) 44 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 65 continued : ( 2 ) 65 doug fashion be not about utility , nate . a accessory be merely a piece of iconography use to express individual identity . lily and it 's preeeetty . doug that too . andy thing be , it turn out there 's a lot more to runway than fancy purse ... you know who 's come into the office Friday ? John updike . nate why , do he need a sweater ? they all laugh . andy pluck the current issue of runway out of she purse . andy ( a bit peeve ) look , there 's a piece by jay mcinerney , a essay by Joan didion , a interview with Christiane amanpour oh ... nate look who 's drink the koolaid . she give he a look . just then andy be cell phone ring . miranda . nate grab it . andy give I the phone . he check the name on the phone . nate oh , look . the Dragon Lady . of course . andy give I the phone . andy grab for the phone . nate toss it to lily . ( continued ) 45 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 65 continued : ( 3 ) 65 lily I will talk to she . tell she she need to get she own scramble egg . she toss it to doug . andy practically tackle he , grab the phone away . andy come on , guy . give I the phone ! they be all stunne by she vehemence . include andy . andy ( cont 'd ) hello , miranda . ( beat ) Fine . no problem . I be leave right now . ( hang up ) you guy do not need to be such asshole . she exit . and all she friend exchange a look . 66 &amp ; 67 omitted 66 &amp ; 67 68 ext . jame holt loft -- night 68 andy pull up in front of a loft building in tribeca . 69 int . jame holt loft -- night 69 andy ring the buzzer . no answer but she can hear voice behind the door . she push it and it open . Inside be a loft with a party go on . andy look around -- it 's one of that New York party you think you will never be invite to . she walk over to one of the super hot woman . andy I be look for James Holt ... she point to a handsome man by the window . jame holt , one of the top designer , 40' , muscular , tan , impeccable . andy walk over to he . andy ( cont 'd ) hi , I be Andy . I be pick up for miranda priestly . ( continued ) 46 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 69 continued : 69 jame you must be the new Emily . let I see . he check she out . look at she handbag . jame ( cont 'd ) open-woven leather , piece by hand and finish with a suede trim . who make this fantastic thing ? andy you . jame duh . he hand she a folio with a handle . jame ( cont 'd ) it 's a sketch of miranda 's dress for the benefit , the centerpiece of my spring collection . top secret stuff . andy take the folio . andy I will guard it with my life . jame come on . you work for miranda , you must be in desperate need of hard liquor . he walk she to the bar . she try not to stare at the party guest ... be that lenny kravitz ? be that Julian schnabel ? jame ( cont 'd ) ( to the bartender ) she will have the punch . ( hand she the punch ) it 's deadly . have fun ! and he walk away . andy clutches the glass of punch . christian he 's right . I have the punch at James 's last party , wake up in hoboken wear nothing but boxer and a cowboy hat . she look over . see a great-look , sophisticated man in he 30' who have a air of mischief . christian thompson . ( continued ) 47 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 69 continued : ( 2 ) 69 andy hi. I , um ... I have to go . christian but you want to stay . you have never be to a party like this . andy God , I love it when total stranger tell I how I feel . christian that 's my way . ( extend he hand ) Christian Thompson . andy Christian Thompson ? you be kid . you write for every magazine I love . I actually review you collection of essay for my college paper . christian do you mention my good look and killer charm ? andy no , but I do point out some factual error and a penchant for confessional semi-fiction that border on self - indulgent . christian you and the Times . ( laugh ) and what do you do ? andy well , I want to work somewhere like the New Yorker or vanity Fair . I be also a writer , but -- christian be that right ? I should read you stuff . send it over . andy thank you . that would be great . anyway , for now I be miranda priestly 's assistant . and he expression immediately change . ( continued ) 48 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 69 continued : ( 3 ) 69 christian you be kid . oh , that 's too bad . you will never survive miranda . andy Excuse I ? christian you be smart , you be nice , you have a point of view . you can not do that job . andy hand he she glass of punch . andy I have to go . she start to leave . christian let I guess . you have a boyfriend wait . from ... not high school ... college ? Nice -look guy , devote , about to ask you to move in with he , but you be not sure ... she stare at he . appall . and , you know , intrigue . andy you . be not a nice person . christian Nice to meet you , miranda girl . he walk away . steam practically pour out of she ear . andy for you information , he 's really handsome . and we already live together ! this do not cause he to turn around , though it do cause a few other people to stare . andy walk away , embarrassed . 70 ext . andy &amp ; nate' apartment -- night 70 andy'' walk back towards she and nate be apartment , hold the folio . she cross path with nate . nate you get the nuclear briefcase from the undisclose location . I be proud of you . ( continued ) 49 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 70 continued : 70 andy ( surprised ) where be you go ? nate Doug and some of he banker buddy be play Texas hold ` em at he apartment . gonna go get I some of that Wall Street cash . andy but I come back so we could hang out . nate ( lightly ) man , I be sorry . you do not make that crystal clear when you storm off after call I a asshole . andy okay , look , I be sorry about that -- he give she a kiss . nate I will see you later , okay ? just then nate' cell phone ring . nate pick up . nate ( cont 'd ) hello ? ( the way andy talk to miranda ) sure , Doug ! I will get on it asap ! a six - pack ? no problem . budweiser or michelob ? chill ? of course ... andy look at he , hand on hip as he walk away . very funny . 71 omitted 71 72 int . runway - miranda's office -- later -- day 72 we see miranda , study the sketches jame send over , spread out in the folio . miranda Emily ! andy walk into miranda be office . ( continued ) 50 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 72 continued : 72 miranda ( cont 'd ) call James Holt 's office . tell they I want to move the preview to today at 12:30 . and tell everyone else . be ready to leave in half a hour . 73 &amp ; 74 omitted 73 &amp ; 74 75 int . runway - hallway -- day 75 nigel look surprised . nigel they be not expect we until Tuesday . do she say why ? andy yes , she explain every detail of she decision - make , then we brush each other 's hair and gab about american idol . nigel I see you point . 76 ext . STREET -- day 76 miranda and andy ride along in heavy traffic . miranda be tapping she foot , impatient . andy ( o.s. ) what 's a preview , anyway ? nigel ( o.s. ) miranda insist on see all the designer 's collection before they show they . andy ( o.s. ) and she tell they what she think ? nigel ( o.s. ) in she way . there 's a scale . one nod , good . more than one nod -- very good . there be only one actual smile on record -- Tom Ford , 2001 . if she do not like it , she shake she head . 76a int . town car -- day 76 a finally she lean forward to henry , the driver . ( continued ) 51 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 76a continued : 76 a miranda just let we out here . she get out . andy scramble to grab she stuff and follow . 77 int . runway - day 77 nigel shake he head . nigel and then there 's the pursing of the lip . andy what do that mean ? nigel catastrophe . 78 &amp ; 79 omitted 78 &amp ; 79 80 int . jame holt loft -- day 80 miranda walk in the elevator . andy hesitates , unsure if she 's permit to be in the elevator with she . okay , fine . 81 int . jame holt elevator -- day 81 beat . miranda and andy ride up together . andy last time I be here , James be have this cool party and -- ( off miranda 's look ) -- and this be why you do not like people riding up in the elevator with you . miranda smile a tight little smile . precisely . 82 ext . jame holt loft -- day 82 another town car pull up and nigel , lucia , jocelyn and some of the other runway editor and assistant pile out . 83 int . jame holt loft -- day 83 miranda walk in . jame be stand there with he staff and he Public Relations team . jame be clearly buzzing . jame miranda . great to see you . ( continued ) 52 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 83 continued : 83 miranda diligently kiss both of he cheek . jame ( cont 'd ) you get the sketches for you dress . miranda yes . I do . beat . and she conspicuously do not say she like they . miranda ( cont 'd ) thank you . and she tone be very remote . and now we can see jame really start to quake . miranda arrange herself on the my day , leg fold , ramrod straight . the other runway editor -- nigel , jocelyn and lucia and they assistant , stand behind miranda . jame and he people stand off to the side as a few fit model begin walk out in various outfit . jame this season I start to think about the intersection of East and West ... no one in the room watch anything except -- miranda be reaction . as jame speak , we dissolve from outfit to outfit . jame be try desperately to impress miranda . he 's practically tap - dance . jame ( cont 'd ) I do not want to do , say , a blonde in a kimono . it 's more about capture the Eastern sensibility in the western woman . kind of uma thurman in kill Bill in a kick ass dress with a obi belt . the modern woman as geisha meet rock star , with a little desperate housewive throw in . suddenly , there 's a glimpse of movement from miranda -- could it be a nod ? everyone hold they breath . no , she 's just straighten she glass . jame ( cont 'd ) and this , of course , be the dress we be make for you . ( continued ) 53. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 83 continued : ( 2 ) 83 a overly busy red dress with too many fashion idea be attempt at one time . jame ( cont 'd ) a lush asian fabric , tailore , but with a bit of movement to work against the modernism . and suddenly , there it be , the kiss of death . the dread pursing of the lip . 84 ext . STREET -- day 84 the runway team file out , miranda first . andy and nigel walk together . andy ( sotto voce ) she purse she lip and because of that he 's go to change he entire collection ? nigel you still do not get it , do you ? her opinion be the only one that matter . miranda , about to get into the town car , turn to andy . miranda make sure you confirm my dinner with -- andy -- galliano at pastis . done . miranda and I need to see the look book for the November denim shoot . andy it 's in the car . miranda Fine . miranda turn to leave , pause . miranda ( cont 'd ) oh , and you will be bring the Book to my home tonight . Emily will give you the key , andrea . 54 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 85 omitted 85 86 int . runway -- day 86 close on a key , as emily hand it to andy . emily Guard this with you life . andy of course . if I can deliver the Book , that mean I must have do something right , that she do not think I be psycho . oh , and she actually call I andrea instead of Emily . be not that great ? emily ( deadpan ) yeah . whoopee . okay , now , it 's very important that you do exactly what I be about to tell you . 87 int . runway - bullpen -- night 87 we hear emily be voiceover as we see this happen . emily ( v.o. ) the Book be assemble by 10 or 10:30 , so you must wait around until then . we see andy , wait . the area around miranda be office be totally quiet . 88 int . runway - miranda's office -- night 88 andy drift in and look at miranda be office -- the picture of she with everyone from desmond tutu to Paris Hilton . then andy walk over to miranda be pristine white couch . sit on it . Hell , why not . lies down on it . gingerly . then -- intercom ( loud ) Book 's ready ! and andy startles and fall completely off the couch . 54a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 89 int . runway - miranda's office -- night 89 a editorial assistant bring andy the Book . it 's heavy . emily ( v.o. ) you will be deliver miranda 's dry clean with the book . we see andy remove the dry clean from the closet -- about a dozen garment on hanger . 55 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 90 ext . STREET / int . town car -- night 90 andy whisk across town . it 's late , the street be quiet . emily ( v.o. ) the driver will take you to miranda 's townhouse . 90a ext . STREET -- night 90 a andy unload the car and walk up the flight of stair in front of the townhouse , carry the book and dry clean . she take out a key . emily ( v.o. ) let yourself in . andy take a deep breath and turn the lock . 91 int . foyer -- night 91 andy step into a marble - floor foyer with a large staircase loom right in front of she . 92 omitted 92 93 int . runway - bullpen -- day 93 on emily , intense . emily do not talk to anyone . do not look at anyone . that be of the utmost importance . you must be invisible . do you understand ? 94 omitted 94 95 int . miranda's foyer -- night 95 andy step inside , she footstep echoing through the foyer . emily ( v.o. ) open the door , walk across the foyer , then hang the dry clean in the closet across from the staircase . andy look . there be two identical door on each side of the staircase . dammit . ( continued ) 56 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 95 continued : 95 emily ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and leave the Book on the table with the flower . andy look . there be one , two , three table ... all in different area of the house . she look very confuse . andy shit . suddenly she hear a noise . she look up and see two girl of about 12 , cassidy and caroline , peer down the staircase . cassidy it 's that door . on the leave . andy hang the dry clean . the girl call down . caroline you can give we the Book . cassidy we will give it to she . andy shake she head . no no no . caroline it 's okay . come on up . andy but I can not ... shh ... cassidy it 's okay . and andy , unsure what to do , start to walk up the stair . she get about halfway up when she hear voice ... miranda and she husband , stephen be in the dining room , a sliver of which be visible from the foyer . miranda what do you want I to do ? walk out in the middle of a photo shoot ? andy freeze . ( continued ) 57 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 95 continued : ( 2 ) 95 stephen I rush out of a investment committee meeting early , then I sit there wait for you for almost a hour ... miranda we be in a loft near the seaport . my phone do not work . I tell you . stephen ... and I know what everyone in the restaurant be think . there he be , wait for her again -- and as he say this he stop , curious . there on the stair , head peek into the second floor , be andy , freeze . with the twins smile at she . and before andy can stop herself , she eye float over to stephen be . Eye contact . her heart do a flip . and she eye dart over to miranda and they make eye contact as well ... ... and miranda give andy a look of utter coldness , disgust and judgement . andy freeze . 96 ext . STREET -- night 96 andy close the door to the townhouse , heart pound . 97 int . andy &amp ; nate' apartment -- night 97 andy crawl into bed next to nate , heart racing , and look up at the ceiling , freaking out . 98 int . runway - bullpen -- day 98 andy walk in , already brace herself , and run into emily , emerge from miranda be office , very upset . andy okay , before you start freaking out , it be not such a big deal . the twin say hello , I say hello back , then I go upstairs and give the book to miranda -- emily you go upstairs ? oh my God . why do not you just climb into bed with she and ask for a bedtime story ? ( continued ) 58 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 98 continued : 98 andy you be right . I make a mistake . emily do not you understand ? if you get fire , that might jeopardize Paris for I . and if that happen , I will search every blimpie 's in the tri-state area until I find you and kill you . andy wait a second . she 's go to fire I ? emily I do not know . she 's not happy . and they hear miranda be voice , ringing out from the office . miranda an-dre-a. andy and emily exchange a look . oh , boy . 99 int . runway - miranda's office -- day 99 andy walk in , apprehensive . andy miranda , about last night , I -- miranda I need the new Harry Potter book for the twin . andy of course . I will run down to barne &amp ; Noble right now . miranda do you fall down and smack you little head on the pavement ? andy not that I can recall . miranda we have all the publish Harry Potter book . the girl want to know what happen next . andy stand there a moment , fully aware of the impossibility of what miranda just ask . ( continued ) 59 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 99 continued : 99 andy so you want the ... unpublish manuscript . miranda give she a look . be there a problem ? miranda we know everyone in publishing . should not be a problem . ( beat ) you can do anything , right ? 100 int . runway - bullpen -- later 100 andy pace , panicky . emily watch she . andy she do not get it . there 's no way I can get that book . I do not care who I call . just then miranda walk out . andy spring up to get she coat . miranda my girl be leave on the train to they grandmother 's at 3 . they will need the book by then . andy of course . miranda I would like my steak in fifteen minute . andy no problem . miranda exit . andy ( cont 'd ) great . I have to get the impossible manuscript in four hour . and Smith and wollensky 's do not open until 11:30 . how be I suppose to get the steak ? ( pace ) she 's go to fire I , be not she ? she 's just prolong the kill . like a evil cat with a tiny unfashionable mouse . ( continued ) 60 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 100 continued : 100 emily oh look , you be get paranoid . yay . it 's not just I . listen , do not freak out . there could be a silver lining here . andy look at she . really ? emily ( cont 'd ) when miranda give someone a impossible task , it generally mean one of two thing . one , she think you can actually pull it off . andy or -- emily or , you know , that thing you be say about the cat . 101 ext . STREET - day 101 we see andy racing down the street . 102 ext . smith and wollensky's -- day 102 andy fly into frame on the phone ... andy it 's for miranda priestly ... it 's very important . yes , I know , it 's impossible to get ... ... she rap on the door of the close restaurant . the manager recognize she , let she in . 103 int . smith and wollensky's -- day 103 from the bar , andy watch the steak sizzle , pace nervously . andy be cell phone ring . she grab it . andy anything ? can you try again ? I would really appreciate any lead at all ... thanks . no pressure . if I do not have it by 3 , I be fire . marty what a amazing job , work for someone like Ms. priestly . ( continued ) 61 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 103 continued : 103 andy yeah . it 's a real party . andy walk towards the door . and suddenly something catch andy be eye ... we see what andy be look at -- a ad on the side of the bus stop advertising the latest issue of the New Yorker . andy see a familiar name : christian thompson . 104 int . taxi -- day 104 christian answer he cell phone . andy ( o.s. ) you probably do not remember I . we meet at James Holt 's party and I work for miranda priestly and -- christian of course I remember you , miranda girl . you shake off the college boyfriend yet ? 104pt ext . STREET -- day 104pt andy on the cell phone . andy listen . I desperately need a favor . and I do not know many people in the book world ... on christian , get out of a taxi . christian the Harry Potter manuscript ? you have gotta be kid . andy ( o.s. ) I be sorry to ask you . I be desperate . christian just tell she it can not be do . you will have to come up with a plan B. on andy . andy we be talk about miranda priestly . there be no plan B , only plan A. 62 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 105 int . runway - hallway -- day 105 andy run down the hall with miranda be food , pass emily . andy be she back ? be I fire ? emily you know , I rarely say this to people who be not I , but you need to calm down . andy ignore she , racing around get the dish and silverware for miranda be steak . 106 int . runway - miranda's office -- day 106 we see the steak , prettily arrange on miranda be china . andy set up the salt and pepper . miranda walk in . when miranda see the steak , she freeze . miranda what be that do here ? I order it age ago . andy look confuse . Ages ? miranda ( cont 'd ) luckily , before I starve to death , irv invite I to lunch . ( be : steak ) get rid of that . I will be back at 3. please have my Starbucks order wait . and before she exit ... miranda ( cont 'd ) and if you do not have the Harry Potter book by then , do not come back . 107 int . runway - kitchen -- day 107 andy carry a tray with all the food on it into the kitchen . a beat . she look down at the tray . and suppress a urge to throw the whole thing at the wall . she position the tray over the garbage and tilt it , let everything -- steak , china , silverware -- fall into the can . 63. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 108 int . starbucks -- day 108 andy be get miranda be coffee . andy ( on the cell phone ) Harry Potter . ( jump cut ) the manuscript . ( jump cut ) it 's for miranda priestly . ( jump cut to ) I need it today . ( to the barrista ) can you make it extra hot ? like , center of the sun hot ? the barrista give she a look . andy ( cont 'd ) sorry , my boss be particular . ( into phone ) be you sure ? you be my last shot . ( sigh ) all right , well , thanks for try . she hang up . the barrista hand she the coffee . barrista sound like a great job . andy actually , it be . a million girl would kill for it . and she start to laugh . the girl stare at she . 109 ext . starbucks -- day 109 andy walk out of the Starbucks with the order on a tray . andy stand there a moment . people bustle around she , as she find herself at a literal crossroad . she look up at the building . suddenly she stop a passerby who look at she , curious . yeah , lady ? andy want a mocha ? and andy start pass Starbucks to people on the street . 64 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 110 int . nate' restaurant - kitchen -- day 110 nate on the phone . intercut with he and andy on the street . nate quit ? be you sure ? andy I fail . she 's go to fire I anyway . might as well beat she to the punch . nate wow . good for you . congratulation , Andy . you be free . andy call you later . andy hang up , and immediately she phone ring again . she look down . assume it 's nate . andy ( cont 'd ) hello ? christian ( o.s. ) I be brilliant . really . monument should be erect in my honor . we intercut 110pt ext . STREET -- day 110pt between andy and christian , also walk down the street . andy you do not . christian oh yes . a friend of a friend do the cover art . she have the manuscript . andy no . that would mean I actually ... do something right . ( stunne ) but see ... thing be ... see , I be about to ... and we see andy . she look up at the elias - Clarke building , teeter on a precipice . ( continued ) 65 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 110pt continued : 110pt christian you want this , you better hurry . meet I at the St. regis . 110 pu ext . STREET -- day 110 pu establish St. regis . andy run down the street to the St. regis . ST . regis butler welcome to the St. regis . be there anything I can assist you with ? andy yes , I be meeting someone ... the butler open the door for Andy . ST . regis butler right this way . he escort she into the St. regis . 111 int . king cole bar -- day 111 christian be have drink . andy run in . he hand she a manuscript . christian you have one hour . 111a int . staples -- day 111a andy be xeroxing the manuscript and talk on the phone . andy I be begging you . you have to stall she . just ten minute . 111b ext . STREET / int . town car -- day 111b we see henry , drive miranda . he hang up the cell phone . then he turn down a side street . miranda catch he eye in the mirror . what the hell ? henry too much traffic on 5th . UN 's in session . miranda make a annoyed face . ( continued ) 65a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 111b continued : 111b 112-114 omitted 112-114 115 int . runway - hallway 115 the tray with miranda 's Starbucks on it ... we follow it down the hall and see it be set on miranda be desk . and beside it land boom ! a envelope . wide out to see -- 115a int . runway - miranda's office -- day . 115 a miranda , look at the envelope . and then we see andy . she stand there , quiet , calm . and if miranda be amaze by what andy do , she do not show it . she open the envelope , look in . miranda one copy ? what be my twin suppose to do with that ... share ? andy actually I make two copy . and have they color-copy , re-set and bound so they would not look like manuscript . she smile . miranda nod , but still will not concede the point . miranda and where exactly be that fabulous copy ? I do not see they anywhere . 116 int . train -- day 116 the metronorth from New York City to bedford . in the front row , we see two girl in match outfit with two match Harry Potter manuscript . the twin , with they nanny beside they . 66 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 117 int . runway - miranda's office -- day 117 andy smile at miranda . her faith in herself restore . andy ( brightly ) anything else I can do for you ? 118 ext . elias -clarke -- day 118 andy walk out . the clacker stream in and out of the building . and andy raise she arm and do a victory dance , now graceful in she stilettos . people stare . do not bother she . 119 int . andy &amp ; nate' apartment -- night 119 andy be make a small diorama of the planetary system . nate walk in . he 's carry a bag of grocery . nate I go over to Dean &amp ; deluca -- man , they charge like five buck a strawberry , but I figure , you quit , we should celebrate . andy listen , nate -- and he see what she 's do . realize . nate so you quit , but you be still do the twin ' science project . Big of you . andy after I call you , I realize ... it do not make sense to throw away all this month of hard work . I just have a moment of weakness . that 's all . nate either that or you job suck and you boss be a wacko . she look at he . nate ( cont 'd ) okay . whatever . it 's you job . ( continued ) 67 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 119 continued : 119 andy that 's all it be , nate . just a job . nate no , no . it 's a important magazine . that 's what you say , right ? he see the latest issue of runway . pick it up . nate ( cont 'd ) let 's see ... how to buy a custom - make 600 dollar bra . that 's important . a list of the 10 best wrinkle creams under $ 500 . that 's important . andy I get the point , nate . he continue leaf through . nate the new botox . the new pea coat . the new ( wrestle with the word ) gstaad . what the hell be -- andy gstaad . it 's a ski resort . in Switzerland . nate see ? I now live with someone who know that . thank you , miranda priestly . andy nate , it 's not like I run the magazine . I just work there , remember ? nate do not say anything , keep put away grocery . she walk over to he . andy ( cont 'd ) I be the same person I be . I still want the same thing . but he do not look too convinced . andy ( cont 'd ) I promise . same Andy , better clothes . ( continued ) 68 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 119 continued : ( 2 ) 119 nate that 's the thing -- I like you old clothes . andy ( be : she shoe ) what about this ? this be pretty nice . he do not take the bait . andy ( cont 'd ) and this skirt ? ( nothing ) okay . what about this ? she unbutton she shirt , revealing a bra that cost more than every item of clothing nate own combine . beat . nate I like that . he grab she and kiss she . 119a int . conference room -- day 119a the senior staff member be gather around a table -- nigel , jocelyn , lucia , a few other include paul , the art director of the magazine . nigel ... posen 's do some very sculptural suit , so testino want to shoot they at the noguchi Garden in the chase building . miranda perfect . what about the accessory page for April ? jocelyn one think be enamel -- bangle , pendant , earring -- miranda we do that two year ago . what else ? jocelyn well , they be show a lot of floral for spring and so -- ( continued ) 68a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 119a continued : 119a miranda floral . for spring . groundbreake . paul but we think about shoot they in a industrial space . she look at he . death ray . he soldier on . paul ( cont 'd ) we think the contrast between the femininity of the floral -- and she 's still just stare . he continue fall forward . paul ( cont 'd ) -- and the um , the more raw , rough - hewn nature of the backdrop would create a tension which -- miranda no . paul -- which -- miranda no . just then emily walk in with a note for miranda . ( continued ) 69 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 119a continued : ( 2 ) 119a before she can get all the way across the room , emily dissolves into hack cough . miranda give she a look , then turn back to she staff . miranda ( cont 'd ) anyone have anything I can actually use ? 120 int . runway - bullpen -- day 120 andy be at she desk . emily walk back , blow she nose , rub she eye -- basically , a nyquil ad . andy be you okay ? emily tonight 's the benefit . I have be look forward to it for month . I refuse to be sick . I be wear valentino . ( blow she nose ) everyone 's go to be leave to get dress soon , so after you drop off miranda 's fendi bag at the re-beader , you can just go home . andy great . thanks . that 's perfect , because I need to get to magnolia bakery before they close ... andy grab she purse and , from under she desk , she retrieve a wrap present . andy ( cont 'd ) ... it 's nate 's birthday and we be have a little party for he -- emily look at she . too sick and too Emily to care . andy ( cont 'd ) anyway , have fun tonight . 120a int . lobby -- day 120 a andy , feel liberated , walk out , carry the present and a shopping bag with miranda be bag in it . and that 's when she cell ring . 69a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 121 int . runway - miranda's office -- day 121 andy and emily walk in together , look confuse . ( continued ) 70 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 121 continued : 121 miranda I want to make sure before the benefit that you be both fully prepped on the guest list . andy and emily exchange a look . andy um ... I think only the first assistant go to the benefit . miranda only when the first assistant have not decide to be disgustingly ill . you will come and help Emily . on emily and andy be surprised face . 122 int . runway - bullpen -- day 122 they walk out . emily be clearly peeve . emily I do not see why she need both of we . eight second cough fit . andy do not look at I . this be the last thing I want to do . emily dump something on andy be lap -- a book of what look like mug shot . emily this be all the guest . miranda invite everyone . we have to make sure they all think she know exactly who they be . I have be study for week . andy I need to learn all this people by tonight ? emily do not be silly . she pull out another big book of headshot . emily ( cont 'd ) you have to learn this too . 71 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 123 int . closet -- day 123 nigel be look for a gown for andy . andy be on the cell phone . andy lily , just start without I . I will be there as soon as I can . 123a int . gallery -- day 123a we see lily at the gallery where she work . lily okay , but hurry . 123b int . closet -- day 123b andy on the phone . andy I will . I promise . believe I , this be the last thing I want to -- just then nigel hold up a dress . andy ( cont 'd ) oh , I love that . ( back to lily ) I will call you the second I be leave . she hang up . andy ( cont 'd ) will that fit I ? nigel of course . a few extra yard of fabric and a staple gun and we be in business . 124 int . runway - studio -- later 124 we see andy from behind as the makeup artist apply the finish touch . he study she . nigel remember , there be two key to wear a evening gown -- one be to maintain a regal bear . the second -- ( continued ) 71a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 124 continued : 124 he mime adjust one 's boob in a strapless dress . nigel ( cont 'd ) make sure the girl face forward . the makeup artist step away and nigel and andy both study she in the mirror . nigel ( cont 'd ) not bad . how do you feel ? 125 ext . STREET / int . town car -- night 125 we see a limousine glide through the street ... andy ( v.o. ) let 's see . my foot be kill I , everything pinch ... 126 ext . new york public library -- night 126 all light for a gala charity benefit . a red carpet line with notables lead up the step . andy ( v.o. ) ... my breast be squeeze into a ball and this hairpiece be like have a boulder pin to my head ... and suddenly the door to the town car open and andy step out onto the red carpet . and she look unbelievable , gorgeous , perfect . andy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) never feel better . andy walk up the red carpet where she catch sight of nigel , talk to reporter on the red carpet . nigel ... this benefit be the social event of the season . it represent what runway be about -- grace , style , elegance ... as he say " elegance " , he catch sight of andy , smile and do a smaller version of the " adjust the girl " gesture . andy smile at he and walk on . ( continued ) 72 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 126 continued : 126 just then emily spot andy . emily oh my God , Andy . you look ... chic . but andy be busy stare at emily , in she strapless dress . andy and you look ... so thin . emily ( flatter ) do I ? it 's for Paris . I be on a new diet . I do not eat anything , and then , when I feel like I be about to faint , I eat a cube of cheese . andy it 's definitely work . emily I know . I be just one stomach flu away from my goal weight . andy that 's ... great . emily smile proudly , then dissolves into another round of bone-rattle cough . emily ready ? 127 int . library -- night 127 andy and emily enter . it 's beautiful . everything in sight be white -- white tulip , bone white china , white candle . all the guest be in black or white . emily look around . ( continued ) 73. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 127 continued : 127 emily we need to make sure we be there the second she walk in . andy I be wonder how long you think we will have to stay because I be hope to -- emily there she be . just then miranda walk in . she 's wear the awkward dress from jame be sketches , make over to perfection . emily and andy rush over to miranda . quick cut at the ball . andy and emily stand at miranda 's side as she field greeting . emily whisper to miranda . emily ( cont 'd ) John folger . New artistic director , Circle in the Square . miranda John . good to see you . she greet he . just then we see a distinguished man in a impeccable european suit . massimo . andy that 's massimo cortileono , chairman of - emily ( shush andy ) she know he . miranda massimo , you make it . I be worried you would be too busy with you new factory in ortezzano - - massimo I would never miss a chance to see you , miranda , darling . ( continued ) 73a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 127 continued : ( 2 ) 127 a distinguished couple approach . walk towards miranda , andy and emily . miranda hold she smile , wait for information . miranda ( smile ) Emily ? emily rack she brain . which go blank . she start to panic . emily ( fumble ) that 's ... wait ... I know who that be ... it 's ... see emily struggle , andy lean in to miranda . andy ambassador Franklin . and that 's the woman he leave he wife for , Rebecca . the woman he 's leave her for be the man walk down the stair in valentino . miranda greet the couple . miranda ambassador , Rebecca . emily whisper to andy . emily thanks . just then andy see a very fashionable woman , with a more avant - garde look than miranda , head for they . and she 's be escort by none other than ... irv . emily whisper to andy . ( continued ) 74 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 127 continued : ( 3 ) 127 andy ( try to remember what she study ) that 's ... jacqueline follet , right ? from french runway . emily yes . oh my god. miranda hate she . she be suppose to arrive after miranda leave ... as she say this we see miranda greeting jacqueline " warmly " . miranda ah , bonsoir , cherie . ta robe est rudement chouette . jacqueline I like you dress too . very ... americaine . sportif . miranda thank you for come to we little get together tonight . jacqueline of course . I plan my whole year around it . miranda and we be all so grateful . jacqueline after all , we be family , no ? she smile at irv , who smile right back . miranda smile too , but look like she would rather throw dart at jacqueline . andy quickly step forward . andy alor , jacqueline , ditez-moi , avez - vous rencontr Brad Pitt ? jacqueline ah , no ... pas encore ... and andy pull jacqueline across the room . later , the party be in full swing . emily and andy be with miranda , who be talk to a group of luminary include irv . ( continued ) 74a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 127 continued : ( 4 ) 127 emily turn to andy and whisper . emily you can go . I have get it from here . andy be you sure ? emily go. have fun . and for the first time they seem like friend . ( continued ) 75 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 127 continued : ( 5 ) 127 andy ( amaze ) thank you . thank you so much . but just as andy be about to leave , stephen appear , quite drunk , and join miranda be group . miranda darling , there you be . stephen it 's a banner evening . Three people have fail to recognize I , one person call I Mr. priestly , and now the damned bartender refuse to serve I . everyone look uncomfortable . stephen turn to irv . stephen ( cont 'd ) why do not you get I a drink ? he 's gotta listen to you , right , little guy ? everyone freeze . miranda force a laugh . a awful beat . and andy leap in , quickly turn to irv , distracting he . andy I be sorry to bother you , but I have be die to ask you ... be it true that John cheever use to ghostwrite the editor 's page of Manhattan Magazine in the 50' ?... and while she chat with he , miranda put she arm around she husband and lead he gently away . miranda come on , darling , let 's get something to eat . I be starve , be not you ? and as she walk away , miranda turn . and miranda mouth the word " thank you " to andy . andy be eye go wide in disbelief . then she smile . yes ! 128 ext . new york public library -- night 128 andy trot down the step , start to take down she hair as she race to the car . ( continued ) 75a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 128 continued : 128 suddenly she look up . and see christian , walk up the step , look better than anyone ever should in a tuxedo . he smile and clutches he heart like he 's be shot by cupid . christian look at you ... you be a vision . thank God I save you job . ( continued ) 76 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 128 continued : ( 2 ) 128 andy hey , I figure out a few thing on my own , too . turn out I be not as nice as you think . christian God I hope not . he openly admire she in a way that make it clear he 's imagine she with the dress off . christian ( cont 'd ) if you do not have that stupid boyfriend , I would have to whisk you away right here and now . andy do you really say thing like that to people ? christian evidently . andy I have to go ... christian be you sure ? my editor from vanity Fair be in there and I be go to introduce you to he . ( off she look , surprised ) you send I you stuff , remember ? I have to be honest , I only read a couple -- that be quite a big packet - - but they be not half - bad . you be pretty talented , Andy . he should meet you . come on in . just one drink . andy well , maybe I could -- ( quickly ) no no no . I can not . I just can not . andy turn and race towards she town car . christian say hello to the boyfriend for I . andy look at she watch as she run away . wince . she 's so late . 76a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 129 ext . STREET / int . town car -- night 129 andy look over at roy . ( continued ) 77 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 129 continued : 129 andy can you go any faster ? 130 int . restaurant -- night 130 doug and lily be sit at a table with a few other friend . andy walk in still in she evening wear and look at they . and understand right away . nate be long go . 130a int . apartment -- night 130 a andy walk in , hold a cupcake with a light candle on it . nate' watch espn . he barely look up . andy happy birthday . nate turn off the tv , look at she . andy ( cont 'd ) nate , I be so sorry . I be try to leave , but there be a lot go on and I do not have a choice and -- nate do not worry about it . I be go to bed . he walk past she . andy can we at least talk about it this -- he start to leave , turn , look at she . nate you look really pretty . and he walk into the bedroom . andy stand there , feel terrible . 130b int . apartment -- dawn 130 B very early . andy be get dress , by now every bit as expert as the girl in the beginning of the movie . she pause a moment , watch nate sleep . then she exit . 78 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 130c int . runway -- day 130c andy on the phone . andy I do not understand what 's so difficult about schedule a preview . if you want miranda to give you any editorial , we will need to see the clothing at least three week before the show . yes , please . see what you can do . she hang up . emily look over at she , raise a eyebrow . emily everything okay ? andy yeah . I be ... fine . the phone ring . andy ( cont 'd ) miranda priestly 's office . thanks . ( hang up ) I gotta go pick up the Polaroid from the shoot . 130D ext . zoo -- day 130D outside at the zoo . we see model , wear gorgeous evening gowns , they face partly obscure by beautifully detailed mask depict different animal . we see nigel , jocelyn and a few clacker . jocelyn no , no , no . I think gisele should be the lizard and vivian the donkey . nigel the lizard 's better with the dolce . ( beat ) sometimes I can not believe I talk about this crap all day . ( continued ) 79 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 130D continued : 130D two of the clacker be check out the model . clacker # 2 God , we should have a pig mask for rhona . clacker # 1 I know . she 's huge . we see the model they be talk about . perfectly skinny , of course . just then andy walk over . the clacker hand andy a stack of Polaroid . andy turn to go , but nigel stop she . nigel get this to miranda right away . tell she I switch in the dior for the rochas . andy ( flat ) great . no problem . nigel hey . adjust the attitude . do not make I feed you to one of the model . andy sorry . busy day . and my personal life be go down the drain . that 's all . nigel join the club . you start to do well at work , that 's what happen . andy look at he . I be do well at work ? nigel ( cont 'd ) let I know when you whole life go up in smoke . that mean it 's time for a promotion . 131-134 omitted 131-134 135 int . miranda's foyer -- night 135 andy step in , carry the dry clean and the Book , move quickly . suddenly she hear a voice , emerge from upstairs . miranda andrea . come up here . ( continued ) 80 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 135 continued : 135 andy practically have a heart attack . 135a int . live room -- night 135 a andy walk in , curious . and scared . andy step into the apartment , miranda Paris be the most important week of my year . I need the best team possible with I . and this be when andy start to have a bad feel . miranda ( cont 'd ) that no longer include Emily . andy realize ... andy wait . you want I to -- oh , no . no , no . Emily would die . her whole life be about Paris . miranda stare . do not care . andy ( cont 'd ) she have not eat in week . I can not do that , miranda . I can not . miranda if you do not go , I will assume you be not serious about you future at runway or any other publication . andy look at she . miranda ( cont 'd ) the decision be yours . andy but -- miranda that 's all . 136 omitted 136 137 ext . miranda's build -- night 137 andy walk out of the building . roy open the door to the town car , but she wave he away . 81 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 138 ext . broadway -- night 138 andy walk downtown alone , think . walk by a newsstand cover with the latest runway ... a store window fill with the latest fashion ... a bunch of people she age drink at a outdoor restaurant , look carefree ... 139 int . andy &amp ; nate' apartment -- later 139 andy look through the clip of all she article from college . and at a picture of herself at graduation , surround by she parent , she relative , she friend . her parent be beam , exude pride . 140 int . runway - bullpen -- day 140 the desk outside miranda be office be empty . we hold for a few beat . then andy come in , walk slowly , still unsure . and at that moment miranda appear . they look at each other . miranda nod , almost imperceptibly . andy nod back . and miranda take she coat off . andy hold out she arm to take the coat from she . but miranda put the coat on emily be desk instead . right in front of emily's Arc de triomphe screensaver . and then miranda stride into she office . andy sit down , try to grasp the magnitude of what just happen . and just then miranda poke she head back in . miranda do not forget to tell Emily . and we see andy be face . I ? 141 int . runway - bullpen -- day 141 andy be wait for emily , dread she arrival . suddenly she can not take it anymore . she dial the phone . 142 ext . midtown STREET -- day 142 emily be in even more than she usual tizzy . andy ( o.s. ) Emily -- ( continued ) 82. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 142 continued : 142 emily sorry I be late . miranda want some scarve from Hermes and she tell I yesterday but I forget and so -- andy ( o.s. ) Emily , I have to talk to you . emily I freak out of course , but then I just call martine at home and she open the store early , so I get they . emily juggle a Hermes bag , she purse , she cell phone , almost mow down a old lady . she mouth " sorry . " andy okay . Emily . when you get in , I want to talk to you about something -- emily I hope it 's not another miranda problem -- andy not exactly . emily good . because I have get so much to deal with before I go , I swear to God I can not even -- and that 's when emily step into the street without look . the second she step off the sidewalk -- blam ! emily be hit by a taxi . we see she purse , she cell phone , she shopping bag , some of the orange Hermes box , and some of the scarve as they fly through the air . 143 int . lenox hill hospital -- day 143 andy sit in the wait room , distraught . 144 int . hospital room -- day 144 lying in a hospital bed , she face with no make - up , wear a dumpy hospital robe , emily look like what she be ... ...a skinny tired young girl . ( continued ) 83. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 144 continued : 144 andy stand by the window , arm fold , defensive . emily I do not care if she be go to fire you or beat you with a red hot poker , you should have say no . andy I do not have a choice . you know how she be . emily oh , please . that 's a pathetic excuse . just then a orderly walk in with she dinner , laden with fatten food -- a cream soup , bread , pasta , cheese and dessert . emily grab a pudding , peel off the foil top . emily ( cont 'd ) what get I about this whole thing be , you be the one who pretend you do not care about this stuff . you do not care about fashion , you just want to be a journalist , blah , blah , blah . what a load of bollock . she angrily finish the last spoon of pudding , grab a dinner roll , which she start to butter . andy look , I know you be mad . and I do not blame you . emily face it , Andy . you sell you soul the day you put on you first pair of Jimmy choos . she bite off a hunk of dinner roll ... emily ( cont 'd ) ( with she mouth full ) and you know what really kill I ? the clothes you be about to get . you do not deserve they . you eat carb , for Christ 's sake . it 's so unfair . ( take another bite ) just go . ( continued ) 84 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 144 continued : ( 2 ) 144 andy Emily -- emily I say , go ! 145 int . chelsea gallery -- night 145 lily have curate a show at the gallery where she work . lily rush around . nate be not there yet . andy stand with doug . doug you be go to Paris for the couture show ? that 's the coolest fashion event of the year -- who be you go to see galliano ? lagerfeld ? nicolas ghesquiere ? andy okay , now you be scare I . just then lily walk over to they . andy ( cont 'd ) lily , this show be amazing . I be so proud of you . lily I be not sure you would be able to make it . andy what be you talk about ? I would not miss this . lily and doug look at she . andy ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) okay , so lately I have miss a few thing ... a lot of thing ... almost everything . lily I be just glad you be here . start with the mural in the other room . they be amazing ... 145a a little later -- 145a andy look at the artwork . suddenly she hear a voice . ( continued ) 84a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 145a continued : 145a christian hey , miranda girl . ( continued ) 85 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 145a continued : ( 2 ) 145a she close she eye . can not be . she turn . yup . christian ( cont 'd ) I be just think about you . andy come on . christian it 's true . I be profiling gaultier for interview and I be make plan for Paris and find myself wonder if you would be there . andy actually ... stop smile . why be I smile ? andy ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) I be go -- christian that 's great . I be stay at a fantastic little hotel in the seventh across the street from a falafel restaurant that will change you life . andy sorry . I will be too busy work . you will have to find someone else 's life to change . christian but that 's just it . I be start to wonder if I can . and with that , he lean in , plant a soft kiss on she cheek . andy close she eye , blush like crazy . when she open she eye , christian be go . and it 's not for a moment that she notice ... ... lily , about ten foot away , stare at she , a look of surprise and disgust on she face . 145b int . chelsea gallery -- night 145b andy follow lily through the gallery . ( continued ) 86 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 145b continued : 145b andy he 's just a guy I know from work . lily yeah . that look like work . andy you be make a big a deal out of -- lily the Andy I know be madly in love with nate , be always five minute early and think Club Monaco be couture . for the last 16 year I have know everything about that Andy , but this person ? she gesture to andy . lily ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) this glamazon who skulk around in corner with some random hot fashion guy ? I do not get she . andy look at she , stunne . lily ( cont 'd ) have fun in Paris . she turn and walk away . andy turn . nate be stand there . nate you be go to Paris ? andy it just happen -- nate I think Paris be some big deal for Emily and -- andy great . now you be go to give I a hard time , too ? and andy walk away , upset . nate follow she . 146 ext . gallery -- night 146 nate follow andy outside . nate what the hell be wrong with you ? ( continued ) 87 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 146 continued : 146 andy miranda ask I and I could not say no , okay ? I do not have a choice . nate I know , I know . that 's you answer for everything lately . I do not have a choice . like this job be force on you . like you do not make this decision yourself ... andy okay . I get it , you be mad because I work late all the time , because I miss you birthday party -- nate oh , come on . what be I , four ? andy you hate runway . and miranda . you think fashion be stupid . you have make that clear . nate Andy , I make port wine reduction all day . I be not exactly in the peace Corps . I would not care if you be out all night pole dance if you do it with some integrity . andy so now I have no integrity . great . nate you use to say this be just a job . you make fun of the runway girl . and now you have become one of they . andy that 's absurd . nate look at you . now that I know how much you be willing to change to be successful , it make I wonder if we ever have anything in common . andy you do not mean that . ( continued ) 88. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 146 continued : ( 2 ) 146 nate I do . I really do . beat . andy try to catch she breath . andy then maybe this trip be come at a good time . maybe we should take a break . she stand there , wait for he to protest , throw he arm around she . he look at she . stun at what she just say . and after a painful moment , he simply walk away . andy ( cont 'd ) nate ! he turn . and just then she phone ring . they both know who it be . and that she have to take the call . nate in case you be wonder , the person whose call you always take , that 's the relationship you be in . the phone keep ringing . nate ( cont 'd ) I hope you two be very happy together . and he walk away . andy click on the phone . andy hello , miranda ... dissolve to : 147 ext . paris -- establishing -- night 147 a limo drive across the city . 148 int . limo -- night 148 andy look out the window , watch Paris at night whizzing by . and even though she 's still feel melancholy , she be awed by what she see . miranda , sit across from andy , be not even look out the window . she 's look through the Book . 89 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 149 ext . place do vendome -- night 149 the Paris ritz . miranda be limo pull up . 150 int . ritz HOTEL andy'' suite -- paris -- night 150 the bellman open the door to a huge suite . andy wait . this be not right . miranda be stay in the suite . bellman that 's correct , Mademoiselle . miranda priestly 's suite be down the hall . andy this be my room ? 151-154 omitted 151-154 155 int . fashion show - paris -- day 155 andy sit in the front row beside miranda . half the invitees be look at the clothes . the other half be watch miranda be reaction to the clothes . 156 int . fashion show -- night 156 backstage at a fashion show where the model be undress and change ... miranda hobnob with designer , editor and celebrity and andy be right there beside she . 157 ext . fashion show -- day 157 miranda walk by some paparazzi outside the chanel show . they scream she name . she show off she best smile . andy squint , blind by the flashbulb . suddenly she hear a voice behind she . christian you know , I have be think , and you still owe I for Harry Potter . she turn . see christian . and she find herself alarmingly happy to see he . ( continued ) 90 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 157 continued : 157 andy oh , do I ? christian of course you do . you work tonight ? andy actually , miranda have a dinner . christian so you be free . perfect . oh , but there 's a problem , huh ? Le boyfriend . at the mention of this , andy blushes slightly . christian ( cont 'd ) wait . do not tell I , the boyfriend be non plus ? je suis tr tr desol . andy oh , you be so full of it . you be not desol at all . christian yeah , not even a little . what time should I pick you up ? 158 omitted 158 159 int . ritz HOTEL - miranda's suite -- evening 159 andy walk in , cheerful , carry a seating chart . she be surprised to see miranda just sit on the sofa . there 's a strange lag before she look up at andy . andy register something be odd . finally -- miranda ( distract ) there you be . we need to go over the seating chart for the luncheon . andy start to take the chart out of she bag , but she can not help but notice miranda be ... stare into space . andy sure . no problem . I have it right here , um ... and finally miranda focus on she . ( continued ) 91 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 159 continued : 159 miranda by all mean , move at a glacial pace . you know how that thrill I . andy put down the seating chart . miranda study it . and there 's a uncharacteristic lag in she decision make . andy watch she . something definitely be up . miranda ( cont 'd ) okay , so , first of all , let 's put jay - Z at my table . andy but you table be full . miranda Stephen will not be come . she take he the tab off the seating chart and remove it . andy look at she , not understanding . andy so Stephen be not ... so you do not need I to fetch Stephen from the airport tomorrow ? miranda well , if you speak to he and he decide to rethink the divorce , then " fetch " he . fetch away . andy now freeze . miranda ( cont 'd ) when we get back to New York , we will need to think of a way to keep it out of the press . andy of course . miranda another divorce in the papers ... and we all know what they will say about I - - Dragon Lady , career - obsessed , drive away another " Mr. priestly " . and despite herself , miranda wander off she path ... ( continued ) 92 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 159 continued : ( 2 ) 159 miranda ( cont 'd ) he know who I be , you know . they all do . and at first they be always proud to be with a powerful , accomplish woman . that 's what they say . but then ... andy be afraid to move a muscle , afraid to startle miranda . miranda ( cont 'd ) I do not care what anyone say about I , of course . but it 's so unfair to the girl ... another disappointment , another stepfather , go ... she try to shake herself out of it . miranda ( cont 'd ) I mean , the point be -- she pause to collect herself . for a second andy think she might actually fall apart . miranda ( cont 'd ) we really need to figure out where to put donatella because she 's barely speak to anyone . beat . and andy can not believe she 's recover so quickly . andy miranda , I be so sorry . if you want I to cancel you evening , I can . and she pity tone finally shake miranda back . miranda do not be ridiculous ... why would you do that ? beat . and andy can not believe she 's recover so quickly . andy miranda , be there ... be there anything else I can do ? and miranda slowly look at she , the ice completely form . miranda you job . 160 omitted 160 93. the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 161 ext . ritz HOTEL -- night 161 we see miranda , stride out of the lobby . and what we notice be ... she look fine . done up , confident walk . 162 int . limo -- night 162 miranda close the door . and now that she 's alone , for one second she veneer crack . she take a breath . move on . miranda ( to the driver ) go. 162a int . HOTEL suite -- night 162a andy be dress for she date with christian . just then there 's a knock at the door . andy open it . nigel hi. listen , I need miranda 's itinerary because -- he look at she outfit . nigel ( cont 'd ) who put that together for you ? she hand he the itinerary . andy what do you mean ? nigel that outfit . andy oh , I just throw it on . nigel ( take it in ) incredible . well , I guess my work here really be do . come on . let 's have champagne . we be celebrate . he walk over to the minibar and take out champagne , pop the cork , pour two glass . andy what be we toast ? ( continued ) 94 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 162a continued : 162a nigel to get the dream job , the one a million girl want . andy Nigel . I get my job month ago . nigel I be not talk about you . she look at he , confuse . nigel ( cont 'd ) James Holt . massimo be invest in James ' company , take it global with the rest of cfg -- shoe , bag , fragrance , the work . so James need a partner . and that would be I . ( off she look ) miranda know . she put I up for it . andy ( stunne ) you be leave ? Nigel , I can not imagine runway without you . nigel can you believe it ? for the first time in eighteen year , I be go to call the shot in my own life . one day I might be able to come to Paris and actually ... see Paris . andy God . I be so happy for you , Nigel . you deserve it . nigel Bet you ass . he raise a glass . they toast . 163 int . l'ambroisie -- night 163 christian and andy have dinner in a tiny romantic restaurant on the place des vosge . andy ... I have never see anyone as dedicated as miranda . ( continued ) 95 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 163 continued : 163 christian that 's fantastic . can we stop talk about she now ? andy I be just say , yes , there be thing she do I do not agree with , but ... christian oh , come on , Andy . you hate she . just admit it . she 's a notorious sadist , and not in the good way . andy okay , so she 's tough , but if miranda be a man , no one would notice anything but how great she be at she job . christian burst into laughter . christian I can not believe this . you be defend she . the wide - eye girl peddle she earnest newspaper storey -- you be crossing over to the dark side . andy I resent that . christian you should not . it 's sexy . he pour she more wine . and despite herself , she smile . andy sexy ? really ? christian really . 164 ext . paris STREET -- night 164 they walk home together through the place Des vosge , lean against each other . andy be tipsy . andy I have no idea where we be go . you could be lead I anywhere ... ( continued ) 95a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 164 continued : 164 christian do not worry . I know this city like the back of my hand . it 's my favorite place on the planet . you know what gertrude stein say -- " America be my country and Paris be my hometown . " she look at he and laugh . andy you be unbelievable . do you write that stuff down and file it away to use on girl ? christian I work free-lance . leave I with some time on my hand . andy well , I never understand why everyone be so crazy about Paris , but now ... she swirl around . andy ( cont 'd ) it 's. so. beautiful . and suddenly he catch one of she arm and almost like a dance move pull she into he and kiss she . andy ( cont 'd ) I can not do this . ( another kiss ) ( more ) ( continued ) 96 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 164 continued : ( 2 ) 164 andy ( cont 'd ) nate and I only split up a few day ago . ( another kiss ) I have have too much wine and my judgement be impair . ( another kiss ) I barely know you and I be in a strange city . ( he kiss she again ) I be out of excuse . christian thank god. 165 int . christian' HOTEL room -- night 165 andy and christian be kissing on he bed . 166 int . christian' HOTEL room -- morning 166 andy wake up . her hair and make - up from the night before be askew . she realize what she do . we hear the sound of the shower run . she sit up . catch sight of herself in the mirror . ouch . check the clock on she phone . late . shit. andy start get dress , quickly . she try to find she leave shoe , pull on the bedspread , knock a few papers on the bedside table . and that 's when see something . a mock - up of a magazine . with the familiar runway logo . she pick it up . 167-170 omitted 167-170 171 int . shower -- day 171 christian stand under the spray of water . suddenly the shower curtain be yank back . andy stand there , furious . hold up the issue of mock -up . andy what the hell be this ? christian , cool as can be , step out and grab a towel , which he wrap around himself . ( continued ) 97 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 171 continued : 171 christian what do it look like ? it 's a mock - up . andy of ? christian of what american runway will look like when jacqueline be the new editor - in - chief . he walk into the hotel room . 171a int . HOTEL room -- day 171a andy follow he . he calmly dress as they talk . andy they be replace miranda ? christian yes . and she 's bring I in to run all the editorial content . ( off andy'' stunne look ) be you really surprised ? jacqueline be a lot young than miranda . have a fresher take on thing . not to mention that american runway be one of the most expensive book in the business . jacqueline do the same thing with a lot less money . irv be a businessman , you know . andy miranda will be devastate . runway be she whole life . he can not do that to she . christian it 's do . irv 's go to tell miranda after the party for James . andy and she have no idea ...? christian she 's a big girl . she will be fine . he reach out to grab she arm . but she look at he with utter contempt . ( continued ) 98 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 171a continued : 171a andy I have to go . she walk away . he call after she . christian it 's do , Andy . 172 int . ritz HOTEL - corridor -- day 172 andy pace . 173 omitted 173 174 ext . paris STREET -- day 174 andy race down the street . she dial she cell phone . miranda pick up . andy oh , thank God . where be you ? miranda Excuse I ? andy I need to talk to you . right away . it 's about jacqueline follet , she -- click . andy ( cont 'd ) shit ! 175 omitted 175 176 int . HOTEL crillon - corridor -- day 176 andy run down a corridor . she pace a second , know she 's go to get she ass kick , then knock on the door . irv open the door . we see miranda behind he . when she see andy , she walk over . turn to irv . miranda Excuse we a moment . miranda pull andy into the hall . miranda ( cont 'd ) have you lose you mind ? ( continued ) 99 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 176 continued : 176 andy I have to talk to you . miranda do not disturb I again . miranda walk into the room , close the door in andy be face . 177-178 omitted 177-178 179 int . chateau -- day 179 finally , andy see miranda walk in . miranda prepare to walk right past she . andy miranda , wait . I have to talk to you . you can fire I if you want to after that , but ... ( gather all she nerve ) irv be go to make jacqueline follet editor - in -chief of runway . Christian Thompson tell I , he 's go to work for she . irv 's go to tell you today . I think if I tell you now , you could fix it . andy stand there , breathless . wait for miranda be reaction . and miranda look past she ... ... we see she 's scrutinize a pass floral arrangement . miranda be that freesias ? andy what ? no . I specifically tell they -- miranda if I see freesia anywhere , I will be very disappointed . she walk away . leave andy stand there . 180 int . chateau -- day 180 we see miranda , mingling with everyone , look completely poise . andy watch she . just can not believe she composure . she spot christian . he raise a glass . she look away . ( continued ) 100 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 180 continued : 180 suddenly the room quiet as nigel step to the podium . dissolve to : 181 int . chateau -- day 181 nigel be at the podium introduce miranda . nigel for seventy - two year , runway have be more than a magazine , it 's be a beacon of elegance and grace . miranda priestly be the finest possible guardian of that beacon , set a standard that inspire people across the globe . lady and gentleman , I give you miranda priestly . we see andy , applaud as miranda step to the podium . miranda thank you everyone . before I talk to you about James and everything he 's accomplish , I have news . jame smile at she , raise a glass of champagne . miranda ( cont 'd ) tonight be not just a important night for I , for runway , and for James , it 's also important for someone else in this room ... andy shoot a look at christian . can tell from the look on he face he have no idea where this be go . miranda ( cont 'd ) as of next month , James will be partner with cfg in a expansion of he line . Light applause . miranda ( cont 'd ) James and runway have one important thing in common -- a commitment to excellence . andy look over at nigel . beam . ( continued ) 101 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 181 continued : 181 miranda ( cont 'd ) and so it come as no surprise that James have select someone from the runway family as the new copresident of jh International ... nigel straighten he suit . miranda ( cont 'd ) my esteem colleague , jacqueline follet . and she indicate jacqueline , who wave . everyone applaud . andy be mouth fall open . she look over at nigel again . his face betray nothing . he applaud along with everyone else . and andy look to christian . who be also shocked as hell . miranda ( cont 'd ) let 's wish jacqueline the best as she pursue this wonderful opportunity . a hearty round of applause for jacqueline . miranda smile . miranda ( cont 'd ) and now to the business at hand . a celebration of one of my favorite designer ... she smile at jame . 182-187 omitted 182-187 188 int . chateau -- later 188 andy watch everyone swirl around miranda . she walk over to nigel among the crowd of well - wisher . andy you say it be you dream job . he turn to she . some emotion on he face now . nigel I have give she everything I have , Andy . she know that . andy but you do not need she . you could just leave anyway and - ( continued ) 101a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 188 continued : 188 nigel ( quickly cut she off ) when the time be right , she will pay I back . andy you sure about that ? ( continued ) 102 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 188 continued : ( 2 ) 188 nigel no . but I hope for the best . I have to . and he rejoin the swirl . just then christian catch andy be eye . at the same time , miranda appear in front of she . miranda I be ready to go . and andy turn and walk away , without so much as a glance back at christian . 189 int . limo -- day 189 miranda and andy ride in the limo on they way back to Paris . miranda be as relaxed as we have see she . miranda you think I do not know . andy nod . miranda ( cont 'd ) I have know what be happen for quite some time . it take a little while to find a suitable alternative for jacqueline , one she would accept . turned out , that James Holt job be so absurdly overpaid -- 189aaa int . restaurant -- day 189aaa miranda introduce massimo to jacqueline . miranda ( v.o. ) -- she jump at it . 189baa int . limo -- day 189baa andy take this in ... miranda then I let irv know jacqueline be unavailable . 189aa int . miranda's HOTEL room -- day 189aa miranda welcome irv into she hotel suite . ( continued ) 102aa . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 189aa continued : 189aa miranda ( v.o. ) Truth be , there 's no one who can do what I do , she include . 189ab int . limo -- day 189ab andy watch miranda , stunne . miranda any of he other choice would find the job impossible and the magazine would surely suffer . especially because of the list -- 189ac int . miranda's HOTEL room -- day 189ac a quick flash of miranda with irv . she push a list across the table . ( continued ) 102a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 189ac continued : 189ac miranda ( v.o. ) -- designer , photographer , editor , writer , model , all of whom be find and nurture by I ... 189ad int . limo -- day 189ad andy listen , amaze . miranda ... all of whom have promise to follow I whenever and if ever I leave runway . to any publication I choose . of course , as soon as irv understand , he reconsider . 189ae omitted 189ae 189af int . limo -- day 189af andy look at miranda , take it all in . ( continued ) 103 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 189af continued : 189af miranda I must say , I be impressed with you , how intently you try to warn I . andy look at she , stunne that she know . miranda ( cont 'd ) I never think I would say this , andrea , but I see some of myself in you . you dedication , you focus . miranda look out the window . they be approach the next party and the paparazzi be wait outside ... miranda ( cont 'd ) people think success happen to you . it do not . you choose it . every day , I choose excellence . who else do what I do , at my level ? nobody . they do not even understand what it take , the day , measure in millisecond ... andy stare at she . miranda ( cont 'd ) but now you know -- and I know -- that you have it in you . that you can see beyond what other people want and choose for yourself . she smile , like she 's just give andy a enormous compliment . andy reel . andy but I do not think I be like that . miranda look at she . oh ? andy ( cont 'd ) I could not do what you do to Nigel , miranda . there 's no way I could do something like that . pause . andy can barely believe what she say . but instead os explode ... miranda smile . miranda of course you can . you already do . to Emily . andy reel . ( continued ) 104 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 189af continued : ( 2 ) 189af andy that 's not what I -- that be different . I do not have a choice . miranda no . you do choose . you choose to get ahead . you want this life , that choice be necessary . andy but what if it 's not what I want ? I mean , what if I do not want to live the way you do ? miranda look at she and smile , and this time , for the first time , she smile be almost maternal . miranda do not be silly , andrea . this be what everyone want . everyone want to be we . and with that she open the door to the limo ... 189a ext . red carpet 189a ...onto the red carpet where she be instantly embrace by the flash light of the camera . andy quietly step out behind miranda . squint . she 's never get use to the light . miranda move down the red carpet . we follow she . it 's not until miranda be about to open the door that she realize ... andy be no longer beside she . 190 ext . paris STREET -- evening 190 we see andy , walk up the street in the dusky light . she have never look more beautiful . she be serene . and she be free . the wind blow through she hair . she smile . her phone ring . she look down . see the name miranda . andy do not break stride for a moment as she ... ... toss the ringing phone into the nearest fountain . 191 omitted 191 104a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 192 int . airport -- day 192 andy walk off the plane . see lily stand there , among the chauffeur , hold a sign that say sach . andy crack up , walk over to she . lily sorry . town car 's in the shop . ( continued ) 105 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 192 continued : 192 andy you be such a pain . lily and you would be lose without I . andy true . they hug . and start walk away together ... lily do this mean I have to give my purse back ? she hug it close . 193 int . reunion restaurant -- day 193 andy wait nervously . nate walk in , slide into the booth across from she . nate I have to be at work in ten minute . what 's up ? andy I just want to say ... she gather she nerve . andy ( cont 'd ) nate , you be right . about everything . I turn my back on my friend , my family , on everything I believe in . and for what ? nate shoe . and jacket and belt and -- andy nate , I be just ... I be so sorry . beat . he look at she . nate I fly up to Boston while you be go . interviewed at the oak room . andy and ? ( continued ) 106 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 193 continued : 193 nate you be look at they new sous-chef . I be move up there in a few week . andy that 's great , I ... congratulation . a moment . as it sink in what this mean . andy ( cont 'd ) do not know what I be go to do without that late night grill cheese . nate they have bread in Boston . might even have jarlsberg . we might be able to figure something out . andy you think ? nate you never know . they smile at each other . Friends , at least , for now . nate ( cont 'd ) so , how about you ? what be you go to do now ? andy not sure . nate I be not worried about you . anything you try , you be gonna kick ass . andy you think so ? nate no . I know it . andy thanks . I actually have a job interview today . beat . he look she up and down . nate and that 's what you be wear ? 106a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 194 omitted 194 195 int . office -- day 195 andy sit across from a scruffy guy in he early forty . editor you know we pay be crap . ( continued ) 107 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 195 continued : 195 andy that 's fine . editor you clip be excellent . that thing on the janitor 's union ... that 's exactly what we do here . she smile , humble now . editor ( cont 'd ) my only question be ... runway ? what the hell kind of blip be that ? andy learned a lot . in the end , though , I kind of screw it up . editor that 's not what I hear . andy look at he , confuse . editor ( cont 'd ) I call over there for a reference , leave word with some snooty girl , next thing you know I get a fax from miranda priestly herself -- andy blanch . editor ( cont 'd ) ... say that of all the assistant she have , you be by far she biggest disappointment . andy take a deep breath ... editor ( cont 'd ) and that if I do not hire you I be a idiot . on andy , stunne . editor ( cont 'd ) you must have do something right . 196 omitted 196 108 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 197 ext . elias clarke -- day 197 andy walk over to the elias - Clarke building , look at a place that be , in its way , a home to she . her eye sweep up the building to the runway office . she take out she cell phone . 198 int . runway - bullpen -- day 198 we see emily , back at she desk . the camera widen out so we can see ... a new second assistant , eager and nervous . she be show emily a letter . emily my God , you call this a letter ? can you spell any word in the English language ? the phone ring . emily pick up . emily ( cont 'd ) miranda priestly 's office . andy Emily , it 's Andy . do not hang up . I have a favor to ask you . 198a int . runway -- bullpen -- day 198a emily look incredulous . emily you be joke . you have a favor to ask of I ? 198b ext . STREET -- day 198b andy be walk up the street , on she cell phone . andy thing be , I have all this clothes from Paris and I do not have anyplace to wear they , so I be wonder ... be there any way you could take they off my hand ? beat . emily realize what andy be offer , but she will not let that show ... ( continued ) 108a . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 198b continued : 198b emily well , I do not know . it be a huge imposition , but I suppose I could help you out ... I will have Roy pick they up this afternoon . andy thanks , Emily . I appreciate it . 198c int . runway -- day 198c and without a goodbye , emily hang up . the slight smile creep across emily be face , but she quickly recover , hand the assistant the letter . emily why can not you be more like Andy ? 199 ext . STREET -- day 199 andy hang up she phone and smile . and suddenly she see miranda walk out of the building , on the phone . miranda ... I do not understand why it 's so challenging to get a car when I ask for one . emily ( o.s. ) it should be there any second . and at that moment the car edge into view . miranda hang up and stride towards it . and just then something catch miranda be eye . andy , watch she . they look at each other . a beat . and then andy nod she head -- in thanks , in salutation , and in farewell ... but miranda do not react . she get into the car . andy shake she head . that 's miranda . she smile , then turn and start to walk down the street . 108b . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 200 int . car -- day 200 miranda get in , sit back in she seat . through she window she can see andy , a bounce in she step , walk away ... and miranda , alone , where no one can see she , finally break into a real smile . ( continued ) 109 . the Devil wear prada 2nd Blue in progress 12/00/05 200 continued : 200 she nod to she driver . let 's go . 201 ext . STREET -- day 201 andy walk away , smile , shake she head , the whole thing almost like a dream . and as she continue move confidently in the opposite direction from miranda we ... fade out