the jacket written by massy tadjedin base on a screenplay by Marc rocco April 15 , 2003 a pure white screen . idyllic stillness . all of it look and feel like the heaven be suppose to . after some second of calm , water seem to mist the screen and the slight shift to the leave and then the right suggest this be a man 's p.o.v . then , suddenly , the white screen be tug and we see it be a sheet cover a presumably dead man . william stark ( v.o. ) I be 25 year old the first time I die ... int . hospital , kuwait , day one more tug on the sheet and we see , and suddenly hear , from William stark ' p.o.v. the chaos of the hospital around he as doctor and nurse tend as best as they can to the injure soldier . we glimpse of stark reveal a red stretcher -- soak in blood -- and the severe head wound where a bullet 's mince he skull . then , slowly , steadily , a heartbeat be hear over the muffle sound of the hospital and , as he pulse quicken , so do the pace of the world around he . int . hospital , kuwait , day william stark ( v.o. ) I remember there be so much white everywhere . and I feel peace ... even though there be war around I . and I feel alive , even though I know I be dead . intern # 1 come on , come on , let 's tag this guy and get they out of here . a intern , clipboard in hand , stand above stark ' unmove body with another intern ( 2 ) beside he . intern 1 pull the rest of the sheet off of stark as the other search for he dog tag and gently close he eye with she hand . intern # 2 [ reading from the tag ] stark , William . bear December 25 , 1966 . intern # 1 wait , so how old ? intern # 2 25 . 2 . intern # 1 [ search through record ] here he be . William stark . bear in vermont . he have not get a family list . the naval hospital will figure out what to do with he . as the intern put the tag back down , she meet stark ' wide - open eye -- now fill with surfacing tear , sadness , and life . she stare at they curiously and , after some second , stark blink and a tear run down he cheek -- jarring she . intern # 2 [ Calling out ] oh my God ! this soldier be alive ! code blue ! code blue ! this man just blink ! intern # 1 he 's be tag already . worry about the other ... [ then see stark blink ] oh shit ! shit! code blue ! we need a doctor ! get a doctor over here now ! as the medical staff rush over to stark , prepare needle and oxygen mask , stark merely close he eye and we follow the now bloodied white sheet as it fall to the ground ... ext . iraqi village , day a newsanchor interview captain ROBERT medley ( 30 ) -- a particularly photogenic and affable participant . captain medley the level of arm on the ground really depend . [ answer a question ] but no , I would have to say we have not have to engage on the ground as heavily as we might have expect . newsanchor have you lose any man today , Captain ? captain medley no . one of my corporal take a bullet to the head , but it look like he might make it . look that way ... flashback to : 3. ext . iraqi village , day we see only the hand , and not the man to whom it belong , enter the frame and pull the trigger on a gun . the sound pierce the air , and the bullet hit the side of stark ' head in a flash , shave the skin around it right off . ext . american naval hospital , day stark convalesce in a navy hospital bed -- he head heavily bandaged and he arm suite with i.v. 's and dressing -- as a major , a lieutenant and a doctor stand above he . stark ' face -- now clean of the blood that mask it before -- be alert , and strike . even with the bandage , he remain well - build and strong , like a shot straight to the head would have be the only way for a enemy to take he down . doctor sergeant stark be very lucky . a little more to the right and it would not have want to come out ... major but he 's never gonna be able to remember what happen ? doctor it 's hard to say . sergeant stark could have retrograde amnesia or ... [ lowering he voice ] any form of psychological suppression . it 's very common with trauma like this . stark [ cut he off ] sergeant stark be in the room , [ beat ] and I want to know when I be go home . when he speak , stark maintain the sharp , steady gaze of a man assure of himself , even if he be lose among he surroundings . lieutenant sergeant , you have no survive family in the States . I be sure you have friend or distant relative , but unfortunately we have no record of they yet . major Captain medley have recommend you for the purple heart , sergeant . 4. stark let the tribute roll right off he . he spot the cigarettes in the Lieutenant 's pocket . stark can I have one of that ? lieutenant of course . the lieutenant light one for he . doctor there be help for you , sergeant . lieutenant of course there be . they voice start to fade as stark smoke he cigarette , blow the smoke upwards and follow it with he eye . he 's finish with this man and everything they stand for . stark [ v.o . ] I do not know where my home be . I just know I do not want to be there anymore . ext . highway , rural vermont , winter , day stark -- recover now -- walk by himself along a long highway . he seem to be walk away from thing even if he can not remember what they be yet . ext . highway , rural vermont , winter , day jean price ( 30 ) -- a hippie who happen to be a mother -- and she daughter , jackie ( 8 ) tremble in the cold next to they stall car . jean sit next to the car , hold she knee to she chest , more like a child than she daughter . jackie run she little glove hand over she mom 's ski-hatted head as she cautiously watch stark approach they . he cut a arrest figure against the empty landscape . jackie come on , mom . do not fall asleep ... stark you two ok ? jackie we car will not start . 5 . stark [ look at jean ] what 's you mom 's name ? jackie [ cautiously ] Jean . stark take off he backpack and kneel down . stark Jean ? Jean , can you hear I ? I need you to try to wake up , Jean . jean open she eye , stone red . stark you mom take anything before this happen ? jackie yeah , but I do not know what . stark [ beat ] what 's you name ? jackie Jackie . jackie decidedly stick out she glove hand . stark smile and briefly shake it . stark rub a hand over he chin and cheek as he think of what to do . stark Nice to meet you , Jackie . why do not you wrap this scarf around yourself and try to keep you mom awake while I take a look at you car . ext . highway , rural vermont , winter , day as stark work on they engine , jackie anxiously watch she mother throw up in the distance . stark see she watch and try to distract she . stark what do you think of all this snow ? jackie look at he curiously . jackie [ beat ] nothing . stark look at she and smile at she honest answer ; Jackie turn she head back towards she mother . 6 . jackie but I like it I guess . stark hey , can you reach the gas pedal ? jackie yeah . jackie get behind the wheel , crouching down in the seat just enough so she foot reach the pedal . stark go ahead , turn it on . keep push it . jackie revs up the engine and , a few cough and sputter later , the car settles into a nice , work hum . jackie [ smiling ] it work ! jackie step down . she look like she could hug stark and , unexpectedly , decide to . as stark awkwardly return it , he see jean lift she eye to see he hold she daughter . jean get you fuck hand off my daughter ! jackie Mom , he just fix we car . jean Jackie , get in the car . now ! jean reach for a rifle in the back of the truck but stumble from the nausea before she can pick it up . jean look , I do not want any trouble , so ... stark neither do I , mar 'am . I will be on my way . jackie Mom , you have get it wrong ... stark motion for jackie to stop as he collect he bag . jackie you be just gonna walk ? 7. stark yeah , I will hitch a ride or something . [ beat ] let she throw it all up before she get back behind the wheel . stark ' dog tag be tie to the zipper of one of he bag . jackie what be that ? stark Dog tag . [ off she blank look ] they have get you name and date of birth for identification . jackie what for ? stark [ beat ] in case you get lose , or can not remember who you be . jackie [ still look at they ] hm . stark unty they and give they to she . she read they . stark I think I can remember what 's on they . jackie William stark . [ beat ] thanks . CUT to : int . courtroom , SMALL town vermont stark face the screen with nothing but a cryptic blackness about he and a confuse look on he face as a menacing voice question he . voice ( o.s. ) " Jackie " and " Jean " be the only ... thing you know for certain about that day ? stark nod . 8. voice ( o.s. ) be you aware we have no last name , no place of residence , and no record of any physical presence for this " friend " of yours ? how 's that possible in this day and age ? stark nod as a muffle " objection " flicker away in the background ... voice ( o.s. ) I may need to actually hear that answer , Mr. stark . stark [ beat ] yes . with stark ' answer , the background of the courtroom be suddenly illuminate and we see that this be stark ' own trial . the voice belong to a satisfied prosecution who turn to face a medium -size crowd watch on ... int . courtroom , SMALL town vermont there be three key witness call to the stand : captain medley , stark ' commanding officer in the Persian Gulf ; dr . hale , a psychiatrist ; and officer nash , the cop who first come upon the crime scene . they three testimony be intercut to present the case against stark quickly and confusingly -- just like it appear to himself . officer nash [ emotional ] Eddie [ correct himself ] , Officer Harrison , be lie in a pool of he own blood -- on he back . dr . hale William stark could be block the incident . it would explain he well - systematize scheme about the little girl and she mother . a delusion as complex as that can often replace the reality of a incident like this . officer nash [ cont would ] Officer Harrison would be shot three time . he be long dead by the time we get there . 9. dr . hale I have hear of Gulf War syndrome . the medical community be only beginning to gather information about it . prosecution Gulf War syndrome ? what the ... why do not we start diagnose hard life syndrome while we be at it ? I have get a lot of conviction we could overturn with that logic ... captain medley sergeant stark be award the purple heart . that award do not applaud violence or murder . [ beat ] it applaud honor . dr . hale [ cont would ] his subconscious be block it , the same way it begin to in the Gulf , particularly as something similarly traumatize happen to he then . the follow summation be punctuate by the black fade between they and the simulate black around they as they speak -- like stark , at the beginning of he own testimony . prosecution [ disdainfully ] it 's not a question of whether or not he be sane when he do it ?! he absolutely be . Three bullet in one man be three moral failing in another . captain medley [ incense ] War be not a CNN special . half the shit that go on could not be tidy into a top of the hour headline -- either ' cause it could not be say neatly or ' cause it could not be say at all . it be ugly . and they do not put ugly on tv . [ look at stark ] if stark do kill that officer ... [ beat ] you can not hold a man responsible for a damage mind . 10 . defense for God 's sake , my client say he think he 's already die once . he do not know what 's go on . flashback to : ext . murder scene , highway , vermont , dusk stark lie bleed -- eye half open -- by officer harrison be dead , bloody body as fall snow slowly whiten they both and cover any footprint that may have be leave behind . we hear a distant gavel deliver a distant judgment ... stark [ v.o. , nearly whisper ] I do not know how it happen . stark ' eye finally close as he lapse into unconsciousness . int . courtroom , SMALL town vermont the judge nod as he hand the jury foreman back the verdict . jury foreman on the count of first degree murder , we find the defendant , William stark , not guilty by reason of insanity . ext . highway , rural vermont , winter , day in he mind , stark be walk out of the wood as the sun set and bounce off the snow all around he . we see jackie watch he walk away into the wood . judge ( o.s. ) I hereby sentence you to be commit to a facility for the criminally insane , where I hope that doctor and the proper treatment can help you ... int . courtroom , SMALL town vermont the judge sentence stark , who stare back vacantly , like a man who check out of he life long before this judge decide he have to . ext . alpine grove psychiatric hospital , day a white van pull up to Alpine Grove psychiatric Hospital -- a bleak , date facility embellish only by the barb wire that seem to be everywhere around it . 11 . stark ' anatomy instantly and intensely separate he from the staff of the hospital and the infirm patient who might be in it . two member of that staff lead he in . judge [ o.s . ] Mr. stark , I hope that someday you might be well so that we will have lose only one life in this tragedy . int . conference room , alpine grove mental hospital dr . thomas becker ( overworked , dogmatic , disenchant ) , dr . beth lorenson ( 30 , unassume , perceptive ) , and dr . gry ( 20 , green ) be conven with other staff at a routine hospital meeting . this doctor deal in the currency of madness every day and wear the heaviness of that burden on they face . chief of staff I would certainly say he should be consider violent , just give he case ... dr . becker how would he dodge a conviction ? chief of staff his defense argue post-traumatic stress and delusional disorder . he evidently could not account for a similar incident during he service in Desert Storm . dr . becker [ beat ] so why be not he just in the psych ward of the county jail ? chief of staff apparently , he 's a decorate vet . and have another one testify for he . who know ? [ to dr . becker ] Tom , do you mind take he ? becker shrug a nod as the Chief move on to the next order of business ... int . stark ' room , ward , alpine grove , day stark be show to he room by nurse harding -- stern , senior -- and she henchman , damon -- a burly orderly who relish he command , however dilute it may be . damon unceremoniously put stark ' uniform on the bed . he and nurse harding wait at the door for stark to change into it . 12. damon look at stark -- he eye inadvertently concede that stark be more threaten than the common senile he marshal ; stark stare he back -- deliberately concede that he 's right . stark turn around -- only then look stunne in the sterile , cotton - white room , wonder where he life disappear to . int . dr . becker' office , alpine grove , day stark sit opposite dr . becker in a harsh , tile office . stark wear he blue uniform and becker wear a doubtful expression . from stark ' p.o.v. : the drug they have already start give he blur he vision of becker . becker William ? William , can you hear I ? stark nod groggily . becker I have give you some drug to help with you adjustment ... stark [ cut he off ] what kind of drug ? [ beat ] ' Cause this seem pretty ... pretty serious . becker well , you condition 's pretty serious . stark [ beat ] so they say . [ off becker 's steady gaze ] what ? becker I be just look at you . do that make you uncomfortable ? stark depend on what you be see . becker eye stark mistrustfully . becker you say you could not remember kill Officer Harrison . correct ? stark [ beat ] you do not believe I , do you ? 13. becker it 's not my job to believe you . stark [ squint to better see ] you be a doctor . I would think ... becker [ cut he off firmly ] it 's not my job to believe you or to understand you . it 's my job to try to cure you and if that 's a no - go , then to ... take some kind of care of you . stark [ flatly ] lucky I . becker look at stark -- he eye casting shame upon the alleged murderer that sit before he . becker [ stupefy ] you shot a man three time : first in he heart , then in he stomach and then ... point blank , in the back of he head . and then you just ... forget all about it . a whole life erase with three easy little word : i. do not. know . what would it be if we could all not know what we do not want to have to face . becker glance at he watch and get up -- still blurred in stark ' p.o.v . it 's only as he 's walk off that stark notice he have a limp . fade to : int . hallway , alpine grove , day from stark ' p.o.v. , we follow he walk down the hospital hall , even hazier from the medication than before . form blur into one another and , on either side of he be a crazy world with crazy patient who have lose they way in it . stark reach for the wall and run he hand over it , try to keep he balance . he 's walk towards becker who stand at the end of the hall , talk to other patient . stark [ softly ] I do not belong here . I do not ... stark falter but stay up . he turn to see a shell of a old man look right through he with wooden eye . stark ' eye stay so completely fix on the old man 's haunt sight that he do not see what 's ahead of he . 14 . he bump right into a hysterical patient whose sudden , earsplit scream peal interminably through the air . stark [ mumbling ] I be sorry . I do not mean ... I be sorry . I do not mean it . stark ' fumble effort to help the patient only feed he hysteria more . the scream be intolerable . stark [ forced to yell ] will you listen to I ? I be not go to hurt you . please . I do not mean to bump ... I be sorry . orderlies and nurse , follow by dr . becker , surround they now , violently pull stark off the patient . becker , familiar with the patient ( harold ) , try to calm he . becker it 's ok , harold . it 's ok . stark search they blurred face and stop on becker 's as they restrain he and give he more drug . stark [ to becker ] I do not belong here ... becker [ angrily , to the orderlies ] get he to he room . fade to black . int . stark ' room , alpine grove , late night stark be slowly rebound from the drug when he hear disquieting footstep in the hall , come closer and closer ... what follow happen too quickly for stark to react . dr . gry , nurse harding and damon -- enter stark ' room . they close the door and deftly administer a tranquilizer and a gag . stark have no idea what 's happen to he as they drag he out , and he stifle cry ensure no one else do either . nurse harding come on , army boy . time for some therapy . 15 . int . morgue , basement , alpine grove , late night the first face stark see as the world come into focus be nurse harding be . around it loom that of dr . becker , dr . gry and damon . a shot of the room show a constraint-ridden apparatus hang sternly on the wall . it be the jacket : a apparatus design to encase a man 's body . make of coarse , sickly - stain red and brown canvas and velcro restraint that would first chafe , then forever burn , the skin they be wrap around , the jacket look medieval . its appearance suggest its purpose : to slowly strangle the life out of a man . stark have be stripped of he blue uniform and be lie nearly naked on a burial slab in the cold of the basement . even under the tranquilizers , stark formidably resist they as the orderlies wrestle to strap he in . then stark , sense as anyone would , that something bad be be do to he , wisely stop resisting long enough to petition they . stark wait . wait a minute ... please . becker motion for they to stop with he hand . stark blink , try to bring the face above he into focus ... stark I , I do not belong here . becker look into stark ' eye . sanity stare back . becker no . I do not think you do either . [ beat ] but neither of we can do anything about that . becker barely nod and stark be truss in the jacket with metal clamp . becker write some detail down , presumably about stark ' treatment . a cadaver drawer -- just barely deep enough for a body or tall enough for the height of a nose -- be sly open and stark , already dreadfully sheathed in the jacket , be cramme inside . the orderlies slam the cadaver drawer into the wall . int . cadaver drawer stark be literally entombed alive . silence . stolen breath . they bolt the drawer and the clang echoe through he body . the blackness and closeness of the space choke he as he heart beat the frantic rhythm of he struggle . 16 . we see only the white of a pair of petrify eye on a man who 's lose it -- hyperventilate , suffocating ... for all intent and purpose , die the worst kind of a death . comb the wall for any sign of a explanation of what 's happen to he , stark see a single white dot -- almost like a fleck of dust -- flitting between undecided shape in the blackness until , slowly , it grow bigger and bigger ... int . jacket / tunnel passage it 's now a pattern of white dot that change the more stark stare at it . beneath it seem to be a smaller pattern with formless shape and figure that stark try to discern before they change into something else . only after stark blink do he start to see the white of the dot be snow from a picture that be slowly and terribly come together in the follow glimpsis , each hardly longer than the time between blink . 1 ) a little river of red marring the snow around it , spilling from ... 2 ) officer harrison be mouth just second before he last breath . his eye close and stark see and hear a flash ... 3 ) from the barrel of a gun fire near he . blood spray stark ' hand as he look down at they and realize he 's in the scene and not just watch it . he look up from he hand and see in similar flash ... 1 ) the snow beneath the blood change to dirt as stark stare at it . this time , the little river of red come from ... 2 ) the body of iraqi villager , all still except one ... 3 ) that of a iraqi woman . she unflinchingly lay she hand in the entrail of a corpse and smear its blood on she face just before she lie back down among the dead , content to be one of they . the only sound during this dreadful image have be a trap man 's anxious breaths and the beat of a heart pump so fast it could be a drum ... the screen go black and quiver as stark clenches he eye shut . 17 . int . cadaver drawer just then , as the muscle beneath he eye start to vibrate , something terrible and wet fall from the ceiling of the drawer . ping ! right on he eye . the drop of water be enough to send this man right over the edge . stark ' eye roll back into he head and start to flutter , shaking the screen right along they until ... int . morgue , basement , alpine grove stark stand outside he body , look at the wall of drawer he be in . he bend down to look more closely at a stain on the floor -- dried blood -- and as he run he hand over it and stand back up , he be back in the ... int . jacket / tunnel passage image race past he too fast for he to catch anything but fleeting clip of they . the image be he memory and , no matter how badly he want to slow they down , he can not ... fade to black . int . diner , SMALL town vermont stark see jackie , 8 , sit by a window in the diner . she turn she head towards the entrance and , as she look there , so do stark . that be when he first lay eye on a woman , a waitress -- wear but still lovely -- leave the diner . he be take with she and , for the first time since he 's be in the jacket , seem calm . just then , however , the reverie be shattered ... smash CUT to : int . morgue , basement , alpine grove , late night the drawer be yank open to reveal stark ' still , drench face . becker , gry and the orderlies stand above he . becker take he out of it . the orderlies unstrap the jacket from he body . blood from he chafe skin drip onto the burial slab . stark ' eye remain close . becker William . William , can you hear I ? 18. we hear becker 's voice as it sound to stark ... mute . stark ' eye open only enough for he to see the people's face morph chillingly into one another 's . dr . gry [ less muffle ] pulse be 16 , temp , just a hair under 90 . ' Bout right for three hour of psychosis . nurse harding that 's not enough , be it ? becker look at stark ' batter body . becker [ wearily , indifferently ] it 's enough for now . take he to the infirmary and let he recover there . int . ward , alpine grove , next morning stark sit , totally disorient , in the ward with the other , more vocally insane patient . he run he hand uncertainly over the scar on he arm from the jacket and look around -- not know where he paranoia end and reality begin . the old man from the previous day be move slowly with the aid of he walker . he be far less threaten to stark today ... just a senile man about to walk into a wall . stark [ get up to help he ] let 's get you a destination other than this wall . rudy mackenzie -- 40s , smart eye , fidgety , with a innocent face -- watch stark help turn the old man around . mackenzie that 's kingsley . Old bastard hear we , I be sure . he just do not want to bother answer so he make we think he can not talk . I know . I try it on my mother for two month once before she fished out my tongue . literally . [ beat ] you be the cop killer , right ? stark yeah , guess so . how would you know ? mackenzie tv . help numb [ make a " crazy gesture " ] any active mind . [ stick out a jittery hand ] rudy mackenzie . ( more ) 19 . mackenzie ( cont would ) welcome to the village , William stark . stark do not offer he hand , just look back at mackenzie . stark [ look away ] I be not really in the mood to talk . mackenzie that 's too bad . I do not believe in disposable language either -- you know , the small talk , the little talk . chit. chat. useless . the game 's something else though . think about it : what can we trade with each other in the air between we ? this ... [ run he hand through the air ] be we court . [ beat , so eager it 's sad ] I be ready to throw the ball . come on . stark look at mackenzie and see that the constant flow of word from he mouth only mask the tragic hesitation in he eye . a dead arm hang limply by he side , like a weight . stark [ relenting ] what be you in here for ? mackenzie I try to kill my wife . stark do not you go to jail for that ? mackenzie I try something like 30 time . there be , as stark rightly figure , no suitable response to that . mackenzie she 's bigger than I , and she 's stronger than I . and I never plan on do it . it be always in the heat of the moment . I do not beat she or anything . Hell , she beat I . but when we would start fight , I would go for the knife . then she keep threaten to have I put away , and [ look around ] she finally do . as he talk , mackenzie note the scar on stark ' arm . Dr. lorenson observe stark and mackenzie talk and start walk towards they . 20 . stark yeah , well 30 time probably would make you seem crazy . mackenzie or just plain stupid . you would think by the twentieth time , I would have find a alternative method . maybe a more effective one , if you know what I mean . dr . lorenson Morning , gentleman . how be you do today ? mackenzie wink discreetly at stark before he reply . mackenzie it 's a hard one for I , Dr. lorenson . [ finally turn to face she , grimly ] the world around I , it 's shrink . there 's not even room for light to make its way in . [ beat ] da-da -bum ! Da - da - bum ! I feel like the horseman of doom be come for I , Doc . only today , he 's not carry flower . lorenson reprimand mackenzie by turn to stark . mackenzie what ? it 's better than fine . dr . lorenson and you , Mr. stark ? stark [ already on the defense ] I be fine . dr . lorenson Mr. mackenzie , do you think I could talk to Mr. stark privately ? mackenzie of course you can , doc. William , it be a absolute pleasure . thanks for play . just before he walk away , mackenzie turn around nervously and uncharacteristically look stark right in the eye . 21 . mackenzie hey ... when they talk you out to the wood tonight and invite the wolf , dance with they . [ beat ] they do not eat you when there 's music play . stark look at mackenzie briskly , wonder if he word be direct or just the meander of a nut . but mackenzie just nod he farewell and start hum as he walk away -- dead arm in tow . dr . lorenson so you be ok ? stark [ still distract ] what ? dr . lorenson I ask you if you be ok . stark [ suspiciously ] I do not know . you tell I , Doc . you think there 's anything wrong with I ? dr . lorenson I do not know . you be not my patient . stark look away . lorenson give he a once over . dr . lorenson you look like you have lose some weight . be you eat ? stark I be . one of the few thing I remember do be eat . so I guess I must be exercise it off in my dream . stark look at lorenson , see if he will respond . lorenson look back curiously at stark ' point stare . stark you do with you small talk ? dr . lorenson sure . stark good . stark walk away slowly and weakly -- a fact that do not escape lorenson 's observation . 22. int . men' room , alpine grove hospital , day stark walk into the bathroom , keenly eyeing the thin slit of window at the top of the wall . he walk closer to they , when he suddenly hear some strained breathing from inside one of the stall . he check the first stall , push it open . it swing both way since it do not have a lock . the sound continue . stark walk slowly past the second stall to the third and then ... whack ! the door swing all the way towards stark . brutally . he fall backwards -- he head just barely miss a fatal confrontation with the sink . damon , the orderly , walk out . damon I be sorry , stark . must have not see you come there . stark writhes in pain -- strain for he own breath now . damon [ lean down close to he ] be you worried about I ? [ smiling ] that 's so sweet . thanks . with that , damon walk out , leave stark on the floor . int . stark ' room , alpine grove , night , christmas eve stark sit in he room , listen to the silence of the night interrupt by first faint , then approach , footstep . closer and closer ... then harmfully near until damon and harding enter he room . they pause -- await a reaction . stark do not give they one . nurse harding you gonna get the fuck up ? int . hallway , alpine grove , night , christmas eve stark walk stoically down the cold corridor to he own torture -- flanke by harding and damon on either side . int . morgue , basement , alpine grove , christmas eve they be all in the room . stark seem pretty calm . only in a c.u. do we see he eye register the jacket ... becker I be glad to see you be cooperate this time , Mr. stark . 23. stark look at the wide , sturdy restraint on it . they would really hurt if you hit someone as hard as you could with they . they might even knock someone out ... damon and harding move to undress he , when stark make a move to do it himself . they look to dr . becker who nods that it 's all right . damon begrudgingly let go of stark but not before he step on one of stark ' bare foot . stark do not flinch . he merely turn away from they and bend down to take off he pants . on he way up , he grab the jacket off its hook and , use it like a weapon , aim to smack it across damon 's face . damon deftly duck and the jacket hit becker instead . the force of the blow send becker down , and as he fall against the wall , damon and harding leap to restrain stark . becker open and close he eye , try to get they into focus . his right cheek be cut pretty bad . dr . gry help becker to he foot and pick he broken glass up off the floor . becker put they on . dr . gry hold he while I get the tranquilizer . damon fuck the tranquilizer ! I get a foot . damon kick stark hard in the back , nearly send he down . becker no . that 's not necessary . becker look down and see he own blood fall on the floor . he look up at stark who , even in he pain , look shocked at the force he just use . becker let he go . [ more firmly ] I say , let he go ! as soon as they let he go , stark lunge for becker -- push he up against the wall . stark stop , presumably about to harm becker but unsure , even to himself , of what he 's capable of do ... becker look fearlessly into stark ' eye . 24 . becker [ a inch away from he face ] what , stark ? what be you go to do ? end I just because I be a inconvenience to you ? [ beat ] just like you do with Officer Harrison ? stark ' face register the meaning in becker 's word and a look of self - doubt cross he face . becker the only thing you mind be miss be a conscience . stark let go of he and , as soon as he do , damon and harding restrain he . becker calmly wipe the blood from he face , look at he hand , shake he head and walk out . dr . gry wait ... Dr. becker , how long do you want we to leave he in for ? becker do not answer . he do not even turn around . dr . gry go after he . dr . gry just strap he in for now . and damon and harding start to ... int . becker' office , alpine grove , christmas eve , some time later becker turn around from the window and we see that he cheek be bandaged . he open a drawer , take out some scotch and pour himself a shot . he swallow some pill with it . after he drink it , he look up to see gry stand opposite he , watch . dr . gry you ok ? becker I be fine . dr . gry [ beat ] listen , I hate to bother you ... becker then do not . 25 . dr . gry but ... what about stark ? becker what about stark ? dr . gry should we be ... becker should we be what ? try to change he any way we can ? [ beat ] yes . dr . gry but the jacket ? I mean ... should we be leave he in like that ? becker [ as if stunne by the question ] leave he in ? [ beat ] the medication I be give he be intend to adjust -- maybe even reset -- he violent proclivity . you know , peel away some of that layer of hate . the jacket 's merely a safe place for that to happen . the grounds and the hall -- where I can not monitor side effect I can not predict -- be not . dr . gry [ still doubtful ] but , but ... what about ... becker [ mock gries ] but ... but what about the gun ? I mean , should he have be fire away like that ? [ shake he head at gry ] you can not fuck up a life that 's already be fuck up . [ turn away ] there , there 's the insurance you be look for . dr . gry I be not look for anything . becker shake he head , laugh inside at the world 's stupidity . becker [ beat ] it 's Christmas Eve , Justin . do not you have somewhere to be ? 26 . becker do not wait for a answer , just turn back towards the window and take another sip of he drink . CUT to : int . hospital lounge , alpine grove , christmas eve nurse harding turn on the television as damon sit in one of the lounge chair . nurse harding ah , man , look , it 's a wonderful life . damon you get any booze ? harding take out a flask from she backpack . nurse harding ' course I do . [ smiling ] and it be the season for give so let 's get to it . damon smile and rub he hand together eagerly . int . morgue , basement , alpine grove , christmas eve a shot of the wall of drawer , with no one in the room , just someone in the wall ... int . cadaver drawer stark find himself in the physically wrenching place once more . but nothing happen for some second . he breathes anxiously , not know what to expect . his heart beat steadily : thump ... thump , until , finally , with each beat , a SMALL white fleck become two fleck ... then , two dot ... then , two circle ... then , the white of a pair of eye with a terrific meanness in they . the eye blink , then disappear like they be never there . the pace of stark ' heart quicken , and the inexplicable madness surround he once more ... ext . murder scene , highway , vermont , dusk the sound of bomb rage around he but he 's in the middle of the murder scene , watch officer harrison lie on the floor . he turn to look over he shoulder and see ... 27 . ext . iraqi village , night through a phosphorescent GREEN night - vision camera , we see FIRE , flesh , and ruin littering the sand . slowly the terrifying image shift to a naturalistic , real - time documentation of the action -- the ruin -- as it 's occur . as stark blink , tear fall and he hear , over it all , a counseling voice ... mackenzie ( o.s. ) when they take you out to the wood tonight and invite the wolf , dance with they . the terrible sound become less terrible as they fade away . mackenzie ( o.s. ) they do not eat you when there 's music play . the scene morph slowly and the follow image appear vaguely -- form the wall of the tunnel around he . 1 ) c.u. a woman' neck and a small child 's hand 2 ) int . stairway , old house ( stark ' childhood home ) 3 ) c.u. a black and white photograph 4 ) ext . creek : a shot of clear water , not too deep ... 5 ) ext . a new england beach 6 ) ext . desert , iraq : a sublime sunset ... stark walk up uneasily to the wall and touch the image . they move like they be liquid and , when they settle , the whole wall be replace with one large image of a beautiful woman -- a waitress -- stand at the counter of a coffee shop , move a strand of hair out of she face with she hand . stark blink slowly -- strike by this dream of she . he reach out and close he palm around she like he might catch hold of the moment with this simple gesture . the whole wall of image twinkle marvelously , as we ... CUT to : 28 . ext . diner , SMALL town , vermont , christmas eve the waitress ( early 20 ) -- tired , with kind eye , soft skin and a beautiful mouth that have not smile in a long time -- emerge from the diner . even with no effort , she be remarkably pretty . from she uniform , we know that she day be spend there . stark simply stare at this woman who seem markedly remove from the world around she . the only fact she wear on she be that she 's tired . she spot stark and can not help but do a double - take . both be momentarily take with each other , though she try to hide any indication that she be . int . waitress ' car she get in she old car and start it . as it warm up , she look for stark in she rearview mirror and see he 's still there . he start to walk over to she when she jump out of she car . ext . parking lot , diner , vermont , christmas eve the waitress tread angrily towards stark . waitress where do you think you be go ? stark look at she . he do not know anymore than she do . waitress you gonna answer I ? stark just stare . waitress if you be deaf , read my lip ... I do not need a psycho follow I today . stark [ beat ] I be not deaf . waitress good . she turn and get back in she car , slamm the door shut . she start to drive and stark stare after she . 29 . after a few hundred yard , she slam on the brake and turn the car round , come back . then she jump out of the car and head back in the diner , without look over at stark . ext . diner , SMALL town vermont , some second later she come out -- this time purse in hand -- and sigh at stark . waitress [ as if she owe he a explanation ] I forget my purse . stark nod slowly . the waitress get in she car and look again at stark in she rearview mirror . he have hardly any winter gear on he -- no glove , no hat , no coat -- just jeans and a flannel . he look lose among he surroundings , as much because he do not know where he be as because he do not look like he belong there . she reverse towards he . waitress in case you have not figure , it 's Christmas Eve . you be never gonna get a cab here . stark [ beat ] thanks . she look he over and then rest she hand on the wheel . waitress all right . [ beat ] you get somewhere you need to go , mister ? stark I be not sure . waitress let I ask you that again . this time , look around and consider you option . be cold and freezing be he option . waitress [ beat ] you get somewhere you need to go , mister ? stark [ nodding slowly ] yeah , I do . 30 . waitress great , get in . int . waitress ' car waitress so , where do you want I to drop you ? stark rub he hand over he chin and cheek as he think it over . she watch he curiously . stark I be not sure . waitress you do not have anywhere to stay ? stark I do not think so . the waitress take out a flask and a sizable swig from it ; she swallow it smoothly , like someone use to do so . waitress well , where be you from ? stark I be not sure . [ beat ] I do not really know . waitress of course you do not know . stark why " of course " ? waitress because in my life , it would not make sense for I to pick up some normal guy with a place where he 's from and a place where he 's go to . it would be too simple . I probably would not know how to handle a situation like that . stark well , you definitely do not pick normal or simple this time either . she look over at he -- momentarily suspicious . he look back innocuously ; there 's something innately safe about he . 31 . waitress at least you be honest . that 's some kind of start . stark see she take another drink from the flask . she pull out a cigarette , and stark light it for she with some match . waitress that 's great . you be not sure where you be from or where you be go , but at least you have get manners . she laugh , noticeably more relaxed now after the drink . waitress well , you get a coat or something ? stark [ look down at he clothes ] no. do not look like it . waitress well , how would you get here ? stark [ beat ] I be drop off . waitress do you have a motel or something ? money ? stark feel he pocket . stark no . waitress well , do not you somewhere ? stuff ? belonging ? stark no . [ beat ] not around here . she cast a long sideward glance at stark , take he and she circumstance in for herself . he look back gently . waitress all right , we will get to my place and call around , see where I can take you . [ beat ] just do not think of try anything . ( more ) 32 . waitress ( cont would ) I have the biggest defense for gun control live upstairs from I . she 's armed and angry even when she 's asleep . int . waitress ' apartment , evening she be on the phone , call various shelter . her apartment have some piece of mismatch furniture , along with a string of lopsided christmas light strewn around the window in the room . they , more than anything else , light the place . waitress [ plead tone ] I could have he there in 15 minute . [ beat , disappointed ] hmm . yeah , thanks . merry Christmas to you , too . she hang up the phone . waitress great . that be we last option . what be I go to do with you ? stark nothing . [ get up ] thanks for bring I this far . waitress where be you go ? you will freeze out there . you do not even have a coat . stark I will manage . waitress no , you will not . you will die of cold out there and then I will have to feel guilty . and I have already get more guilt than I know what to do with . [ beat ] do you want something to drink ? stark no , I be ok . she leave to the kitchen to fix herself a drink and stark stare after she . suddenly , a smashing SOUND be hear as something fall in the kitchen . stark ' whole body tense up as he wonder whether he 's be take out of the jacket . waitress shit ! that be one of my good glass ! 33. as she presumably clean it up , we stay on stark who slowly gain hold of himself . she come back , drink in hand and push the strand of hair in she face back the same way she do when he see she in the tunnel . even through she weariness , she look radiant under the Christmas light . she take a long sip . waitress [ notice he 's shake ] hey , you ok ? stark [ beat ] yeah , I be fine . waitress you know what ? it 's Christmas Eve . and you look clean -- I mean , you be normal - look . [ resolutely , for she own benefit ] it 's Christmas Eve , and I have a couch . and sadly , no plan for the evening anyway . she look back -- she eye even more tired from the liquor . stark I be not gonna hurt you . waitress [ softly ] I know . [ clear she throat ] I be gonna go take a bath . make yourself at home . you know , fix yourself something to eat if you be hungry or anything . there 's nothing to steal , but do not be a jerk and take something anyway . and do not snoop , ok ? stark ok . [ beat ] my name 's William by the way . waitress [ shake she head ] no , no . let 's not do the name stuff , ' cause you see , I do not want to meet you . I may want to help you tonight , but I do not want to know you . honest . stark nod as she walk out . ext . yard behind waitress ' apartment , evening stark , still without a coat , collect some wood ... 34 . int . kitchen , waitress ' apartment , evening stark look in she fridge . there 's not much to work with -- just some jar and plenty of vodka . int . live room , waitress ' apartment , some time later stark have light a FIRE and set out a feeble dinner for they when the waitress come out of the bedroom in sweat . waitress what 's this ? stark the best I could do with what be in you fridge . she look and see a sandwich on a bun in one plate and a sandwich on two different color of toast on the other . then she look over at the fire ; it 's obvious from the way she look at it that it 's be year , if ever , since someone 's do something like this for she . stark I only light it because it be so cold in here . I be sorry if ... waitress no , it 's fine . [ beat , swallow ] thanks . she turn and go in the kitchen , call out to he ... waitress you want a drink ? stark sure . int . kitchen , waitress ' apartment , night as she make they drink , a curious look cross she face , just for a second . int . live room , waitress ' apartment , a little while later they have sit down to eat under the blink christmas light . waitress this be pretty good . consider ... 35 . stark thanks . they eat quietly for a second . stark look at she , then down at he food , still subtly stunne by it all . stark so you be a waitress , right ? I mean ... from the uniform you be wear . waitress yup . that 's I . stark you like it ? waitress [ beat ] I do it . stark have you always be a waitress ? waitress [ remember sadly ] no. I use to be a nurse . stark [ beat ] why would you stop ? waitress shit happen , and you life change . ' Bout the best explanation of a lot of thing that happen . [ beat ] so how come you do not know where you be come from ? stark I do not know , but I think part of it 's ... stark look around as he decide to be honest with she . stark that I do not really know what 's real . she stare at he until a small sympathetic smile appear on she lip . waitress well , good for you . stark [ beat ] why ? 36 . waitress [ beat ] Real be overrate . stark smile back uncertainly . stark you do not think that 's crazy ? waitress maybe . [ beat ] maybe not . she hold up she glass somewhat sadly . waitress sometimes I do not know the difference myself . and , you know something ? I think I like it better that way . [ finishes she drink ] you want another one ? she go to the kitchen , and stark clear they plate . int . live room , waitress ' apartment stark go in the kitchen as she come out with they drink . he hear she turn on the radio . she land on a oldie station that 's play " girl of North country " by Bob Dylan . int . kitchen , waitress ' apartment , night stark smile a little , then realize he remember , and like , the song . it 's the first familiar thing for he in day . he walk out slowly to the live room , where the waitress sit on the couch , drink . stark move closer to the radio , lean into it , listen and forget , for a short while -- only as long as a piece of song -- everything else . bob dylan if you go when the snow flake storm when the river freeze and summer end . please see she have a coat so warm to keep she from the howlin ' wind ... stark listen close -- smile a small , sad smile . over the harmonica , we pull back and see two very lonely people pass time together the way people sometimes need to be able to . 37 . stark this be a great song . waitress you remember it ? stark [ nodding slowly ] it 's like I feel like ... I know who I be . I just can not remember anything that make I this person . when stark look at she then , he 's so close to a meltdown that it take he a moment to fight he way out of it . stark but hey , who can forget that word ? the man just want simple and good thing for he woman -- that she be warm and happy . how hard can that be to remember ? waitress May be easy to remember , but not easy to get . be warm , maybe -- but , look , you do not even have a coat and I still have to chop wood to make a fire . [ beat ] and , be happy ... you tell I if that 's simple . the christmas light flash drowsily to they own tempo . waitress [ be : the light ] why do not I try to get they to stop blink ? int . live room , waitress ' apartment , a hour or so later she be visibly drain , after the day and the drink . stark they tell I I join the army when I be seventeen . that 's when my father die and , before that , it be apparently just I and he since I be bear ' cause my mom split . waitress so you never know you mother ? stark I guess not . but , as of now , I never know either . 38 . waitress I be sorry . stark yeah . [ beat ] how about you ? waitress never know my father . I grow up with my mother . actually , I grow up around my mother . she be great though . I mean , the way she be with she friend ... she be this woman who have so much life in she , she have to find way to kill some of it just to be like the rest of we . [ beat ] she die young . stark how ? waitress she fuck herself up day after day and then , one day , she fall asleep with a burn cigarette . [ beat ] I come home from work and she be go . the tear still run after all this year . stark I be sorry . waitress yeah , I too . [ softly ] every day for the last ten year . stark that when you stop be a nurse ? she be surprised that he glean the connection -- and that he would be listen so closely . waitress [ exhausted ] yeah , that 's when I stop be a nurse . I never think I could stop be one , I want it for so long , but ... you just can not do it anymore when you lose someone like that . you can not take care of other people . she close she eye and finally pass out . stark watch she face , light serenely by the FIRE and the Christmas light . it bear she grief even in sleep . 39 . he cover she with a blanket then look around and spot the only personal effect in the room on she mantle . he walk towards they , trip slightly on a cord from the light . he stumble but regains he balance by reach for the wall . as he pull himself up , he spot what be only inch away from where he hand land on the wall : he own dog tag , give to Jackie , only a couple week ago , hang from a single nail tack into the wall . stun , he stare at he name and birth date score on the metal . he look back at the waitress and then to the few picture on the mantle : they be of jackie and she mother , jean . stark run he hand through he hair , try to swallow the improbability , and inexplicability , of the situation . stark ' eye search the room for anything that could help he figure out what 's happen . on the console be a old paper and some mail . totally disorient , stark nearly stumble on he way to the pile . the label on the first bill read " Jackie price . " on the second , the same . and the third ... until at the bottom of the pile , stark spot a old newspaper with the answer on its date : December 3 , 2004 . stark be absolutely stunne . stark look over at jackie and , just then , the harsh SOUND of the drawer be open ring deafeningly in he ear and the image of she start to dissolve at this worst moment . he be be take out of the jacket ... int . morgue , basement , alpine grove , late night it 's dr . gry , rack with guilt , who pull stark out ... he wince at the sight of the blood and sweat streak across stark ' face . dr . gry check he pulse and clean he face as best as he can with a wet towel . dr . gry William , can you hear I ? his voice echoe in the morgue , sounding to stark , as it do to we , faint and distant . dr . gry drip some water in stark ' mouth . as some of it trickle out , it run into the jacket , burn stark ' chafe skin . stark ' eye flutter and dr . gry push the drawer back in , afraid of what they have do to this man ... 40 . int . cadaver drawer stark clenches he face and pleadingly close he eye . five second of total blackness and silence and he 's back in ... int . live room , waitress ' ( jackie be ) apartment , night only now , he 's kneel beside she sleep face , just look at it . stark do not know what 's go on but she serene , sleep face steady he . he can only call out the name he think she might respond to ... stark Jackie ? Jackie ? sure enough , she answer with a stir in she sleep . jackie hm ... we see , in stark ' eye , the unbelievable connection : she be the same little girl he meet only a few week ago in 1992 . stark [ swallow , softly ] Jackie ? [ beat ] what year be it ? jackie [ in a drunken slumber ] what ? stark what year be it ? jackie [ barely open she eye ] 2004 . stark look around as jackie move in she sleep , almost fall off the couch . stark pick she up and , in she sleep , she wrap she arm around he neck . int . bedroom , jackie' apartment , night stark tenderly lay she down on the bed ... int . live room , jackie' apartment , night stark pick up he dog tag from the console , look around , spot the television and fumble a bit as he figure out how to turn it on . stark sit down , throw back the rest of jackie' drink and another shot and look around nervously , unable to explain what 's happen to he ... fade to : 41 . int . bedroom , jackie' apartment , christmas morning jackie sit in she sleep as she wake up , clearly hang over . int . bathroom , jackie' apartment , christmas morning as jackie close the medicine cabinet , she see she hungover reflection in it . she put she face under the water and let it restore some color and life in she . as she come up , that 's when she remember the night before and the voice she barely hear in she sleep . stark [ o.s. , echoing distantly ] Jackie ? [ beat ] what year be it ? she shoot up from the sink , stare at she reflection . int . live room , jackie' apartment , second later jackie spot stark asleep on the couch -- newspaper strewn all around he and the tv still on . he 's hold the tag . she kneel down close to he face and stare at he for awhile before stark be jarre . he defensively grab her wrist as he eye burst OPEN , startling she . jackie [ desperately ] who be you ? stark let he grip loosen . stark [ beat ] I be William stark . a short look of SHOCK cross she face before she leap up . jackie get the hell out of my house ! jackie grab the nearest object -- the iron fork from the fireplace set -- and hold it , shaking , against stark . stark stay calm ; he hardly expect a different reaction . jackie what would you do ? snoop all over the place ? you have no right . you have no right to go through anything . stark [ beat ] I know it do not make sense . it do not even make sense to I . 42 . jackie if you do not get out of my house right now , I will call the police . stark [ remember ] you mom be pass out on the side of the road when I find you . her name be Jean . [ beat ] she be dizzy the whole time ... jackie [ tremble ] why would you do something like this ? I try to help you . stark Jackie , I be William stark . I can prove it . jackie what ? now you be gonna show I some kind of driver 's license ? stark no , I do not have anything to show you . I be here from a mental hospital . jackie well , you belong in one . stark [ solemnly ] [ beat ] you and you mom be in a truck and she keep a rifle in the back of it ... jackie stop it ! stop it ! jackie cover she ear and look at he , plead with she eye . stark ' eye plead right back . stark I be sorry for upsetting you , [ beat ] but I be not lie to you . jackie you can not be William stark . he 's dead . stark [ beat ] what ? 43. jackie William stark be dead ... [ beat ] I have be to he grave . stark [ beat ] what ? jackie his body be find New Year 's Day , 19 ...1993 . at Alpine ... stark [ finish for she ] Alpine Grove . that 's the mental hospital . how do you know that ? jackie I look it up . stark how ? then he remember -- understanding with a chill that what she be say could entirely be true . stark I give you my dog tag . jackie no , you do not . they find William stark ' body dead in the snow . stark how would he die ? jackie I do not know . but he do die . stark falter under the news . jackie look around , through she now blurred eye , like she might find some help in the apartment . she settles for the bottle of vodka on the table , lower the iron fork and take a long heavy drink , then laugh nervously as she look up . jackie I know what this be ... I pick you up when I be drunk and you probably think I be just fuck up enough to fall for this . but the thing be I know what I be do when I drink . I just usually do not care . right now , I do though . and I want you out . now . 44 . stark it 's December 25th , 1993 today . jackie no , it 's not . [ beat ] it 's December 25th , 2004 . stark [ desperate ] that can not be . that 's ... just , I mean ... you be tell I I die in less than a week in the time I be in . jackie I be tell you I do not care what time you think you be in . you be not William stark . [ beat ] I do not believe in many thing , but I believe in death . and it do not give back what it take . so whoever you be ... I do a nice thing , you have make I regret it enough already , so please , just leave . stark I will leave . but look at I . look at my face , Jackie . I be not lie . I meet you and you mother . I tell you then that I would lose my memory . [ beat ] there be no one for mile around so I know you know there 's no way I could have know that from a pair of dog tag you have lie around . jackie please ... stark look at she tenderly before he turn to leave . jackie , a little calmer , look at the door like he 's still on the other side of it and call out softly , and sadly ... jackie happy birthday . int . jacket / tunnel passage stark look around he and , we see , from bottom up , the exterior around Jackie 's house melt away as stark suddenly face the massacre village in Iraq . shock at what 's happen to he body , he look up , petrify . his body be wound as tightly as a knot . 45 . ext . iraqi village , night , 1991 again , we be glimpsing the scene through phosphorescent GREEN night vision intermittently negotiate with real - time image . opposite stark stand a craze iraqi soldier -- seethe in anger and point he gun at a little boy , presumably belong to the man not five foot away . next to stark be a angry captain medley , order stark to follow he . stark be watch himself in the scene . medley you walk on . they pick up they gun and fire at you , you stay . they pick up and fire at each other , and you walk on ! stark he 's get he gun point at a kid . medley that be not we problem . stark yeah , well , none of this be we fuckin ' problem . stark turn and aim he gun at a craze iraqi soldier threaten to shoot a child . we hear he yelling in Arabic . what stark do not see be another iraqi soldier ( 2 ) aim he gun at stark . medley we be leave this site right now . stark do not hear he ; he 's busy perfect he aim . stark [ to the first iraqi soldier ] hey ! at the force of the word , the soldier lower he gun and the little boy flee . stark , who be now in the scene himself , lower he gun slightly as he approach the soldier . neither speak the other 's language but they be both say everything with they eye . neither move he off the other . just then , though , we see the second iraqi soldier get a clear aim at stark . 46 . he take he shot before anyone else do . stark go down as the skin off the side of he head be shave off . he fall to the ground . as the rest of the picture fade to black , all that be leave be previously mysterious , still haunt pair of eye that we now see belong to the craze iraqi soldier . and over it all be the now more distant clank of metal as the drawer be open and the nightmare momentarily end ... fade to black . int . morgue , alpine grove , christmas day dr . gry , dr . becker , damon and nurse harding enter the room . becker you leave he in all night ? nurse harding shit , he 's probably dead . dr . gry [ defensively ] I try to ask you if we should leave he in yesterday ... becker do not get all work up , Justin . I expect some common sense on you part and clearly I be expect too much . [ beat ] just open the drawer . dr . gry we never should have do this to he ... becker well , what be we gonna do about it now ? nothing be gries ' answer . still , becker seem to share the concern . becker motion for they to open the drawer . they pull he out . stark look cold and wreck . dr . gry be he ? [ impatiently ] be he dead ? becker feel for a pulse and seem surprised to find one . 47 . becker no . [ to harding and damon ] get he upstairs . int . ward , alpine grove , christmas day dr . lorenson walk into the ward to check on stark . the attend nurse be walk around the ward . lorenson where 's William stark . nurse I be not sure . Dr. becker have he move . int . hallway , alpine grove , day dr . lorenson walk anxiously down the hall of the hospital , peer into every room , look for stark . int . another hallway , alpine grove , day dr . lorenson spot becker walk out the door of the hospital and run after he , in only he white coat ... ext . parking lot , alpine grove , day ( cont 'd ) lorenson [ Calling out after he ] Dr. becker ! Dr. becker !... Tom , wait ! dr . becker stop walk and wait a moment , register the voice , before he turn around to face Dr. lorenson . lorenson [ out of breath ] where 's William stark ? becker he 's recover on the third floor . lorenson be you kid I ? he 's not psychotic ! becker then how would you describe he , Beth ? merely rebellious ? lorenson he will be a zombie in a few day , Tom . his behavior 's hardly suggest he need neuroleptics . 48 . becker and you know that from what , a couple two - minute stare across a room ? lorenson [ firmly ] he do not need anti-psychotics , if that 's even all you be give he ...? becker ignore lorenson 's insinuation and merely turn he cheek all the way round towards lorenson so he can see the bandage from the CUT stark give he . becker [ steadily ] after he slashed I with a hospital instrument , I determine , in my professional opinion , that Mr. stark , need a little placate . lorenson [ beat ] you sure he be not provoke ? becker you sure you want to begin make that kind of insinuation ? [ beat ] I take five stitches during a routine therapy session . lorenson I be sure he take some , too . becker [ smirk , unphase ] happens sometimes when you have get to restrain they . you watch the rest of we work . you know that . lorenson [ appeal to he ] we patient be sick . becker yes , they be . lorenson look at becker ; he know he 's hide something . lorenson he 's not gonna end up like casey , Tom . whatever happen to he be not go to " happen " to stark . I do not know what you be try to do here ... but he 's not a lab animal , Tom . you can not reprogram he no matter the drug or the treatment . 49 . becker Jesus , you really do not let up , do you ? just because you fail you patient do not necessarily mean the rest of we do , too . [ beat ] sorry to tarnish you war hero 's image , but he be psychotic . lorenson look back , start to grasp becker 's misshapen belief . becker now , if you will excuse I , it 's Christmas , and I have a family I would like to see . int . room , intensive care unit , alpine grove , christmas day stark , iv in arm , lie asleep in bed , recover ... int . hospital , vermont jackie walk in a hospital -- with many aspect parallel to the mental hospital . White on white and , for Jackie particularly , the presence of painful memory . int . room , intensive care unit , alpine grove , christmas day lorenson walk closer to stark and carefully examine the bruise and burn on a body that 's be badly beat . his eye bear he guilt . int . nurse's station , hospital , vermont jackie wait until a nurse , claire , greet she perfunctorily . claire [ not look up ] how can I help you ? jackie hi , Claire . claire look up , astonished to see she . she smile warmly . claire Jackie , hi . how be you , honey ? jackie I be ok . [ beat ] I need a favor . CUT to : 50 . int . stark ' hospital room stark be asleep when a dark figure walk , like a ghost , past the windowed door of he room . stark open he eye and snap he neck in its direction -- fearful of everything at this point . when he look , there 's nothing there ; he 's not sure there ever be . the room start to blue as he look around it , not know if he be crazy ... return to : int . office , hospital , vermont jackie peruse headline and abstract pull up on the web : " alpine grove investigation into the mysterious death of William stark ... " " the body of william stark , the former war hero who be charge with the murder of officer edward harrison , be find on the grounds of alpine grove on January 1 , 1993 . stark be believe to have die from a wound to the head . " the word and phrase that confirm stark ' story rise from they couch place on the computer screen . " local Doctor charge with medical malpractice . " " Dr. Thomas becker resign ... " " it involved the recreation of a womb-like environment . " " former patient testify to be put in instrument know as the ' jacket ' " ... " patient rudy mackenzie testify ... " " william stark , laurell war hero ... " as jackie keep scrolling , she face wear she disbelief that what stark be say may have be true . then , she see , archive in a state newspaper , a mention of Dr. lorenson and a particular patient , " Eugene yazdi . " " local Boy , Eugene yazdi , overcome absence seizure syndrome to win mathematic decathlon ... with the aid of local Doctor , Dr. loel lorenson . " " panelist for National epilepsy Conference include Dr. lorenson , Alpine Grove Hospital . " int . stark ' hospital room , december 26th a nurse be check on stark as he slowly wake up . stark what the hell kind of drug be you people give I ? 51 . stark be ask the nurse , but it 's becker 's voice that answer though stark can not see he . becker [ o.s . ] just something to help you sleep . stark panic when he hear the voice . he look around nervously but the bright sunlight pour into the room be blind . he swallow as he look at the nurse's face as she continue adjust he pillow . stark [ swallow nervously ] do you say something ? the nurse shake she head lightly and just then becker step out of the light . becker I say the drug be to help you sleep . [ beat ] do you sleep well ? becker be remarkably calm , further confusing stark ' sense of reality . stark [ doubtfully ] but I be not asleep . be I ? becker yes . you be . you be asleep for nearly a whole day . it 's December 26th , William . stark sit up groggily , remember what happen to he and wonder how much , if any of it , be real . stark it 's December 26th ? stark examine himself -- look at he arm , spot the bruise on they . becker that 's right , William . stark [ slowly figure it out ] 1992 ? becker nod . stark sit up -- he predicament and the room slowly come into focus . 52 . becker yes . [ caustically ] and that 's the sun and you be on earth . [ beat ] and I know you know better . stark begin to piece if together . becker , as we begin to see , be right . it be 1992 in Alpine Grove . stark I do not know better . all I know be that you leave I in there . becker in where ? stark [ uncertainly ] in that thing ... the jacket . the nurse give becker a know look -- suggest stark really be delusional . becker do not even flinch as stark try to get a better look at becker 's face . becker we be force to use restrain if that 's what you be refer to . stark that be not a fuck restraint . becker actually , that 's exactly what we equipment be . stark ' eye widen with alarm as becker reach for the i.v. in he arm , linger on it long enough that stark brace himself for a attack of some sort . but becker just look back innocently as he adjust it . becker relax . stark do not act like I do not know what 's real . [ beat ] I be not the one that 's crazy here . becker [ pointedly ] of course you be not . then he clarifies , wryly enough for stark to catch it . 53. becker you be just suffer from delusion that be unfortunately part of you condition . stark do not give I that . I know what 's real , goddamnit ! you strapped I in something and stick I in a drawer . becker nod diagnostically . the nurse 's nonchalance about it as she leave the room further disquiet stark . stark I do not dream it . I may have be asleep but it be not a dream . becker sit down in a chair , half - shroud in the light . becker I have a patient a few year ago . his name be Ted casey ... stark I do not give a shit about you patient ! becker I be not pause to see if you do . [ beat ] but , incidentally , you should , because you be bird of a feather . stark squint as he search out becker 's face . becker Ted rape and sodomize a seven - year old girl . [ beat ] his lawyer ask I to have a look at he because , after he deed be do ... he climb into the tree of the forest where he kill she and woof like a dog . he could not even remember he name when I speak to he , but , curiously enough , he could speak back . [ beat ] Ted never go to prison because everyone -- include I -- be convinced he be sick . so he come here . becker lean into stark ' view to make sure he 's listen . stark be . 54 . becker then one day a little girl come with she mother to visit a relative and I catch Ted steal look at she -- the kind you really have to steal if you know what I mean . [ beat ] I ask Ted then if he could remember what the little girl who he have ... slain ... be wear . [ beat ] he give I a look I will never forget , and , when he answer , it be not with a color or any sort of physical description I would expect . " oh yes , " he say . " I remember it . I remember it well . " [ beat ] that be actually he last word I think . becker 's expression bear a hunt mixture of anger and remorse as he recount Ted 's tale . stark we be not bird of a feather . becker maybe not . [ beat ] but I do think you be in a tree ... woof like a dog . and I be just try to help you the only way I can think of . becker get up and , as he move out of the light , stark see he bandaged cheek , reinforce he memory of what happen ... stark [ provokingly ] what happen to you cheek , Dr. becker ? becker I be careless . happens sometimes . fade to : int . stark ' room , recovery ward , alpine grove , day , 1992 stark look out on the snow -covered ground from he room on the third floor . he seem pacify for the moment . int . hallway , recovery ward , alpine grove , day everything about the dingy hospital punctuate the sad mechanic of manage madness . catatonic patient and date equipment litter the hall and , as we follow a nurse who walk among they , we spot stark -- arm suspend in air and glaze eye fix on the ceiling -- pretend to be one of they . 55 . his arm fall and he wipe he dry mouth as soon as she pass . stark have successfully make it out of he room . she turn one corner as stark hustle to turn another ... int . day room , alpine grove stark be almost there . as random orderlies pass he , stark let he posture collapse as he despondently hang he head down so low they can not see he face . they pass , and stark start scuttling towards the door to the outside . as soon as he reach it and be outside in the cold -- with only he blue patient uniform -- stark walk normally , like he no longer remember the risk . instead he remember what Jackie tell he . jackie [ o.s . ] they find William stark ' body dead in the snow . stark [ o.s . ] how would he die ? jackie [ o.s . ] I do not know . but he do die . ext . ground , alpine grove stark lean down -- seemingly oblivious to the cold -- and lift some snow to he mouth , tasting it like a man who need to affirm he be still alive . he 's so rapt that lorenson 's voice take he by surprise . lorenson hey . you be not suppose to be out here . stark stiffen as he realize he could be in the place where he body be find . the terrible question ask itself on he face : be this when stark be kill ? stark [ turn around sharply ] what be you go to do to I ? lorenson well ... as lorenson reach into he pocket for something , stark anxiously hold he breath . it 's black when it come out and ... a ski hat when it open up . stark let out he breath , relieved . 56 . lorenson [ nonchalantly ] I think I would just ask you to come back inside with I . stark and if I do not want to come ? lorenson I guess I would ask you why . stark because I do not think I be crazy . lorenson you be not crazy . stark be surprised by lorenson 's agreement . lorenson you suffer from delusional disorder . that do not mean you be ... crazy . it just mean you be confuse . and you be here , instead of in jail , because that be determine to have play a role in you kill of a police officer . stark [ correct he ] allege kill of a police officer . lorenson you be convict of the crime . stark that conviction do not convince I of anything . until I know that I do it , I be not go to accept that I do . lorenson you may never remember at all . [ beat ] you mind 's grasp of reality and the real event that have happen to you have be damage . stark no . the real event that have happen to I have be fuck up . not my mind . lorenson seem to realize -- at least for a instant -- that he be look at a desperate man who be persuasively , and cogently , stare back at he . 57 . lorenson [ beat ] William , I would like to ask you something if I can . stark since when do people around here have to ask permission to do anything ? lorenson [ suspiciously ] how 's you treatment progress with Dr. becker ? stark still do not know how much lorenson know , and if he should trust he . stark Fine . [ beat ] why make you ask ? lorenson answer first with he eye look over stark ' body . stark merely stare back tersely . lorenson [ carefully ] I just hope you would let I know if that be not the case . stark why , what would you do ? lorenson I could try to ... make it stop . stark no . I do not want it to . lorenson so it 's help ? stark [ choose he word carefully ] [ beat ] it 's make I feel like a different person . lorenson -- sense she 's not go to get any more from stark -- turn around to go back inside . it 's only as she turn she face away from stark that we see how nervous she be . but you would never guess it from she tone ... lorenson [ casually ] you comin ' ? stark look towards the fence lock he in from every direction . lorenson wait until she hear stark ' footstep follow she . she wait until stark have reach she . 58 . lorenson you should be careful . you could be kill if they find you out here . stark believe I , I know . int . patient cafeteria , ward , alpine grove , 1992 stark and mackenzie be eat opposite each other . stark what be you talk about the other day ? mackenzie I be not talk about anything . stark yeah , you be . what you say about they take I out to the wood ... mackenzie clam up slightly at the mention of it ... stark what do you know about the jacket ? mackenzie 's eye start to twitch nervously . mackenzie I know you need one when it 's really cold . stark [ cut in ] mackenzie , listen to I . listen . I be go to die . mackenzie mortality 's actually a great thing to be familiar with . it mean you be sane on some level . stark [ gravely ] no , I mean in four day , I be suppose to die . mackenzie [ beat ] how do you know ? stark the jacket . 59 . mackenzie grow visibly more nervous at this second mention of it . mackenzie oh no , you be pretty young . you body will be able to handle a lot more of it than you think ... stark no . [ beat ] I mean I find out while I be in it that my body 's gonna be find in four day . just then , nurse harding be upon they . she carry a rod in she hand which she tap menacingly on the floor as she walk towards they . harding what be you two yappin ' about ? stark tense up as he see only the rod , which could inflict a gash if hit across a man 's head the right way . nearly every object could be a threat to he life as this point . mackenzie [ speak like a nut ] [ beat ] we be talk about we ability to go forward in time , to go into the future . [ to stark ] that be what we be talk about here , right ? stark be startle mackenzie get it . stark yeah , it be . harding you know something ? you be two fuck freak be what you be . stark [ smiling ] well , no shit , Einstein . what do you think we be do in this place ? mackenzie try not to laugh but a chuckle slip out . harding I want the two of you to shut the fuck up and eat you food . harding walk away with a final stare that stark return . stark [ under he breath ] I gotta get back in it , mackenzie . 60 . mackenzie it 's gonna be sticky . stark why ? mackenzie 's body betray he discomfort talk about it in its sudden jerk accompany every word . mackenzie ' Cause lorenson 's get she claw in it now . when she start get suspicious about I be when they stop use it on I . woman ! stark so what be I suppose to do ? mackenzie you could still always give becker a itch . ' course you might get kill when he go to scratch it , but seem to I you be say that 's about to happen anyway . [ beat ] just be careful not to walk yourself right into something . int . hallway , alpine grove , 1992 , day Dr. lorenson and dr . gry be walk briskly to a meeting . dr . gry we be late . lorenson I wish they would skip the formality of this annual review and just cut we budget . we silence on the matter should be enough to appease the civic conscience without waste a hour we do not have . dr . gry maybe it 's not such a waste . lorenson look at gry askance before she set the record straight . lorenson it 's the tick of a box on a sheet of paper no one care about . 61 . dr . gry they do not care about all the thing we do right . [ beat ] but they might ... they might care about what we be do wrong . [ beat ] that 's what they should come here to look for . lorenson can see gry be try to tell she something . lorenson what should they be look for ? dr . gry they should just be look harder . lorenson grab gry ' arm , sense the import of she word . lorenson where ? [ beat ] it 's becker be not it ? he 's do stuff , be not he ? dr . gry later . I will tell you about it later . we get a session to catch now . int . ward 3 , alpine grove , 1992 , day stark be in a different ward with patient who appear more threaten and disturb . as he be anxiously look around -- presumably for a way out -- stark hear one of the patient hum a eerily discordant melody . look to see who it come from , stark happen to spot one patient -- a young , fierce - look guy -- eyeing a young nurse , sally , administer medication from a date cart . stark look around the room and note there be no doctor or orderlies around . the young nurse , meanwhile , be focus on the medicine -- oblivious to the brute eyeing she . the brute 's not that far away when he start walk towards the young nurse . stark start in they direction , pick up speed -- maneuver through various incoherent patient -- as the brute reach the nurse . he throw she tray down and push she against the wall . she start scream as he push up against she . stark pick up the tray and strike the brute across the head with it . the brute hold he head in pain as he try to regain he balance . it 's clear he 's impair . but it 's also clear he understand pain . 62 . stark [ to Sally ] you ok ? as she nods , she eye dart above to the hand about to strike he . off she look , he duck and turn around , punch the brute in the stomach -- hard -- but not before the piece of glass he hold from one of the break medicine bottle come perilously close to stark ' head . the brute bowl over and stark look at the glass terrify . be this when he die ? the brute -- incense more than ever -- lunge at he a final time . stark get he by the neck , expertly apply pressure point and , after only a few second , subdue he . stark himself seem surprised that he know how to use they . he let out a suspend breath , instinctively touch he forehead to make sure he 's not cut . he look back at sally . sally be you ok ? stark yeah , why be you in this ward alone ? where be everyone ? sally [ defensively ] there 's a state rep visit so they have move everyone around . but I have be alone before ... stark where be the other orderly ? sally in the therapy session downstairs . that 's what the rep 's sit in on ... stark ok , listen . I want you to get out of here and lock the door behind you . I will go get some doctor . sally look at stark , wonder whether she can trust he . her eye shift to the brute on the floor and she remember that she can . 63. int . MAIN room , ward , alpine grove , day , 1992 the state rep -- 40s , disgruntled , even drowsy -- be recognizable among a group that include the chief of staff ( Dr. Williams ) , becker , lorenson and gry . they be preside over a group therapy session when stark enter ... stark [ Calling out ] sorry I be late , Dr. becker . becker be noticeably take aback but temper he response . becker Mr. stark , this session be for we civil patient . damon , please take Mr. stark back to he ward . stark cut he off and threaten with he gaze . stark [ derisively ] no. please , Dr. becker . you can strap I in a jacket or even gag I , but please do not leave I out of therapy . this be where I feel like I make the most progress . becker relent , see stark have the upper hand -- a audience , derange but eager no less . becker Fine , Mr. stark . you can pull up a chair for yourself . as stark walk across the room , it 's obvious to everyone -- as they turn they head to watch he -- that he be a physically ail man . use all he strength , he walk up slowly to the group , drag a chair behind he because he do not have the strength to lift it . stark sit down . becker Mr. Jensen , please continue . jensen -- a twitchy schizophrenic -- survey the group seriously , determine whether it 's safe to say what he 's about to ... jensen well , [ beat ] I have be approach by the Federal Trade Organization . becker 's not listen to a word jensen say . but stark be . 64 . becker [ calm as ever ] and what have they approach you about , Mr. Jensen ? jensen they want I to head the Organization for the organize . the other patient look at he in wonder as the state rep listen limply . becker the Organization ... for the organize ? jensen that 's right . have you hear of they ? becker no , Mr. Jensen . I have not . group patient 2 that 's because there be no such Organization , you idiot . jensen that be categorically not true . bl - bl - blatantly and manifestly not true . I have be ask to lead they . but , if you would hear of they , then they would not be hush -hush , would they ? becker [ wearily ] what do the rest of you think ? the group stare at one another silently . stark [ loud and emphatic ] well , [ beat ] I know they exist . becker and how be that ? stark look at jensen , who look back avidly . mackenzie eye stark nervously , like he sense what he be about to do . stark when I be in the Gulf , the Organization be recruiting the organize . 65 . becker [ incense ] be that a fact , Mr. stark ? because if it 's not , it do not help Mr. Jensen . stark [ look right at Jensen ] it be a fact . bona fide , and classified . lorenson and mackenzie watch stark curiously . jensen I know it ! I know it ! that little fucker be everywhere . stark they recruit only the best , Mr. Jensen . [ beat ] I do not want to have to say this ... not even the doctor dare disrupt the silence ... stark but this people [ point to the doctor ] know about it . in fact , when president of this country and head of state leave office , they come here , to Alpine Grove . they be among we right now ! [ look right at becker ] be not that right , Dr. thatcher ? and Jensen , I be proud they pick you . jensen look on nobly . stark they be always order we to stay calm , but how can we be calm ? stark suddenly turn right at becker , wrapping he message to he in the seemingly craze theatrics of a nut . stark [ look suddenly directly at becker ] all they do be give order . that 's all they have to do . and no one will ever know . all it come down to be a order . [ beat ] they have get hand everywhere . stark stand up , ready to salute Mr. Jensen . the observer look to becker for order . 66 . stark Long live the Organization for the organize ! becker sit down , Mr. stark ! sit down , Mr. stark ! but , at that , Jensen 's completely lose it . his excitement erupt in the form of he jumping out of he chair and eagerly and elatedly hitting himself in the head . becker sit down , Mr. Jensen ! too late . other patient be on they foot , hand jubilantly up in the air . and , in the midst of the havoc , the speechless order be soundly deliver in becker 's nod to damon . random patient Dr. thatcher ! Dr. becker ! damon and harding grab stark while the other member of the staff slowly calm the other patient . lorenson be too busy to notice they take stark out . stark wink at mackenzie , who smile somewhat sadly back . CUT to : int . morgue , basement , alpine grove , late night , 1992 harding and damon stand above stark , who lie on the brutal slab , already hemmed in the jacket . damon stark , you be like a mule . you be real stubborn . but there 's way of fixin ' that . all you need be a good stick . [ beat ] here 's you stick . damon slam he in the drawer . int . jacket / tunnel passage stark ' eye dart about he ; it sound like something be in there with he . the sound stop momentarily and , then , out of nowhere , a drop fall on he eye . ping ! stark wince . he clenches he face , not know when the next drop will fall . his heart start to beat more and more madly , punctuate by the drip -- make a score fit only for hell . he close he eye and begin to die ... 67 . ext . crime scene , highway , vermont , dusk , 1992 stark and tenny -- 30 , shifty , a total stranger -- sit in silence in tenny's car . ( we recognize the murder scene . ) red police light flash in the rearview mirror though stark do not see they yet . stark and tenny be talk to one another . tenny 's voice take a dangerous tone . tenny you ever be to jail ? stark no . tenny nod , distracting stark long enough to slip a hand down he leg to the gun he 's hide there . tenny it 's worse than war . it 's worse than anywhere you have ever be . stark I doubt it . [ beat ] I do not think prison 's so bad you do not want to remember it ... tenny carefully pull over to the side of the road , assure and cautious with each word , each move . tenny well , I have never be to war , but I be sure as hell not go back to prison . stark [ finally spot Harrison ] what 's he pull we over for ? tenny [ still prepare himself ] recreation . officer harrison walk up to they car . officer harrison gentlemen , I be gonna need you to step out of the car , with you hand at you side please . stark why ? 68 . officer harrison [ sternly ] step out of the car . stark ok , sir . I be just ask what for . officer harrison this be a steal vehicle you be drive . now put you hand in the air , out where I can see them . that 's the second when officer harrison see where tenny's hand be . as he reach for he own gun , the situation explode as two flash eclipse all else . officer harrison go down , still hold he own gun and stark jump out of the car to check on he . stark Jesus Christ , what would you do that for ? tenny look around , still hold the gun . stark swallow , assess whether to back away or not . tenny wave he gun as he half point it in Harrison 's direction . then , gun still in hand , he smirk nervously and look at stark . tenny man , if you be so deaf and dumb , you be not even worth a fuck bullet . tenny raise the gun , then aim it away from stark and shoot officer harrison once more . from the ground , officer harrison fire back and stark , now lung at tenny , take the hit . stark fall , clearly unable to get up , let alone pursue anyone . tenny smile sardonically and slowly put the gun in he back pocket as he turn to leave . this smile be one of the eerie flash that haunt stark in the jacket ... stark struggle but can not move . that 's when he pass out , look at officer harrison from the ground , as he do in the scene before . int . jacket / tunnel passage stark stand in the light tunnel , which only get brighter as he heart race with fear in the first second that he 's back in there . then he see a image of a woman' forehead that lull he to a calm until he heart slow and the light gradually dim ... fade to black . 69 . int . diner , SMALL town vermont , 2004 stark enter the diner , calming down even more as he spot jackie . she look up , hold plate in she hand . she 's understandably surprised and unexpectedly pleased when she see he . she greet he with a small smile . she drop off she order and then walk up to he . jackie I will be off in 15 minute . can you wait till then ? ext . ravine , vermont , day , 2004 stark and jackie smoke in the cold , stand next to the hood of she car . jackie the jacket . that 's what they call it , right ? stark yeah . jackie it be ban , you know ... and it lead to a investigation of Dr. becker 's mistreatment of some of he patient . that 's when they find out how badly he be drugging he patient ... stark [ start to make sense ] so he be give I all kind of drug ... jackie [ nodding ] apparently . he be take a lot of they , too . it say he be try out behavior modification treatment that be ban back in the 70 -- " womb treatment " be the name he give to what he do to you ... stark [ cut in ] womb ? a fuckin ' womb ? what kind of animal do he come out of ? jackie but no one know until after ... stark after I ... 70 . jackie nod . jackie [ beat ] you ble to death . stark what ? jackie I do not know how you get the cut to you head , but you die bleed from it . stark [ digest ] and you be sure my body be find on January 1st ? jackie nod . stark do you really believe I ? jackie I do not know . [ beat ] I think I be crazy after you leave that day . I die . I still think I could be crazy . but then I replay that night in my head -- the part of it I could remember -- and it be like ... I do not care if I be , or be . I have not feel that way in a room with someone my whole life . [ beat ] and when you leave , all I want be ... jackie look around she ; couple with the cold , she sobriety be obvious . stark take hold of she and hold she face close to he so that they forehead touch . jackie [ softly ] I want to trust you . should I trust you ? stark yes . jackie then we need to figure out what happen to you . it 's the only thing we can do . stark I know . 71 . jackie Alpine Grove still exist . I look it up on the net . we should go there and see if there 's still anyone around who might have know what happen to you . stark if they do not take I out before then . [ as a afterthought ] what 's the net ? jackie look at he and laugh . int . jackie' car , 2004 , day they be drive through vermont to alpine grove . stark look out the window and watch she drive . stark I do not kill Officer Harrison . jackie I know . stark how ? do they figure it out after I die ? jackie no . they never figure it out . I do . most murderer do not stop to help a drunk woman and she little girl on the side of the road . not without hurt they . int . administrative office , alpine grove , 2004 stark and jackie sit opposite dr . morgan , the current young face of the hospital . morgan have a boyish face and a match gullibility . dr . morgan I be sorry I can not tell you more about you father 's death , Mr. stark . we own medical examiner determine only that he die from a blunt trauma to the head but that be right around the time the Alpine Grove 's staff change and I be afraid we do not have the best record system before then . 72 . stark his body be find on January 1 , 1993 , but do you know if that be long after he have die ? dr . morgan no , I do not . I be sorry . I wish I know more . stark what about Dr. Thomas becker or Dr. loel lorenson ? there be also a Dr. gries , I think . dr . morgan well , Dr. lorenson be still here at the hospital . if she be here at the time you father be , then I be sure she would be of more help to you . stark what about Dr. becker and Mr. gries ? dr . morgan unfortunately , I be not familiar with Dr. becker and Dr. gries pass away three , four year ago . jackie do you have any kind of forward address for Dr. becker ? dr . morgan you father be here 12 year ago . I doubt the hospital would have that , if Dr. becker be still even alive . [ beat , a little suspiciously ] be there a particular reason you need to know how you father die ? stark do not waver when he answer . stark he be the only family I remember . dr . morgan [ nodding ] I will see what I can find out about Dr. becker . and maybe Dr. lorenson will know something . 73. int . ward , alpine grove , day , 2004 Dr. morgan lead jackie and stark through a ward . stark look around in disbelief ; it 's more like a hospital now than it ever be in 1993 . int . reception area , lorenson' office , alpine grove , 2004 as they arrive outside lorenson 's office , morgan turn to they . dr . morgan let I just tell she we be here . dr . morgan go inside and jackie take stark ' hand as they wait . it 's hardly more than a couple second when lorenson appear in the doorway . she look at stark curiously and the two share a very lengthy , intense stare . dr . lorenson -- now in she 5as -- walk closer to stark suspiciously . for he part , stark do not look as unfamiliar with lorenson as he should ; this do not escape lorenson . lorenson hello . I be Beth lorenson . she put out a hand that be tremble slightly . lorenson it 's nice to meet you , Mr. stark ... stark hesitates before he take lorenson 's hand . there be something very eerie about the exchange . stark quickly let go and lorenson turn to jackie ... lorenson and you be ...? jackie look back uncomfortably . jackie I be just William 's friend . lorenson look over both of they acutely and then calmly turn to Dr. Morgan . lorenson I think we will be fine from here . thanks , stanley . 74 . int . lorenson' office , alpine grove , 2004 lorenson lean against she desk while stark and jackie sit in the chair . as they talk , each seem cautious in he exchange -- not know what the other one do or do not know . lorenson my God you look exactly like he . stark I never know my father . do you ? lorenson yeah , I do . [ beat ] he be my most memorable patient . stark why ? lorenson consider she answer . lorenson at the end , he make I change my mind about a lot of thing . stark you think my father be crazy ? lorenson no . I do not think he be crazy . he need help ... but he be not crazy . [ beat ] you father actually help I with a case of mine . lorenson wait to see if stark know what she be talk about . stark what case ? lorenson I be work with a boy name Eugene . stark show no recognition but jackie do . jackie who be Eugene ? lorenson [ peak ] he be a friend 's son . [ beat ] be you familiar with the case ? 75 . jackie just a little , when we be look up information about William 's father . how do he help ? lorenson it 's complicated , but [ look at stark ] in a way , you father let I know how I would get through to he . jackie how ? lorenson he just say ... that I would shock Eugene and then thing would change for he . jackie I do not understand . lorenson I still do not either , even after all this year . stark do you know how my father die ? lorenson [ unconvincingly ] I do not know how much I remember but I seem to think it be from a ... cut or blow of some sort or another . stark how would he get it ? lorenson [ beat ] I do not know . stark but Dr. Morgan say you be around when my father be ... lorenson I be . but I see a lot of cut and a lot of blow . I be sorry I do not know more about you father 's . [ sincerely ] I do not know about everything that go on here . lorenson say it like she 's hide something . 76 . stark well , do you think Dr. becker would have any idea ? lorenson how do you know about Dr. becker ? stark my dad write some thing down before he die . lorenson look like she 's suddenly remember something . lorenson that 's right . he do . stark look at lorenson curiously ; he do not know what lorenson be talk about . lorenson so maybe Dr. becker would know . [ beat ] but , as I be sure you know , the statute of limitation have run out for charge the hospital with any liability . stark why would we do that ? stark just stare at lorenson , not know if he die by this man 's hand or not , not know who he can trust ... jackie because becker resign after the charge bring against he by State patient advocacy group . lorenson I see you have do you homework . [ beat ] Alpine Grove 's undergone a lot of change since then . at the time , we do not have the ... resource to help we patient the way we need to . [ beat ] now , we do . and thing be different . stark I would not be so sure . like you say about back then , you might not know everything go on around here . dr . lorenson look right at stark . 77 . lorenson it 's important for you to know who you father be , be not it ? stark [ beat ] yeah , it be . lorenson [ eerily ] it 's almost as if you life depend on it . be not it ? stark exactly . lorenson well ... [ beat ] let I know how you search turn out . stark [ beat ] we will . int . hallway , alpine grove , day stark and jackie walk briskly down it , away from lorenson 's office . stark I do not believe a thing she just say . jackie I neither . who be the boy she be talk about , Eugene ? stark I have no idea . jackie you think lorenson kill you ? stark maybe . I do not know . seem more likely becker do , but at the very least she know how I die . jackie let 's see if they have a address for becker . I also want to figure out more about the kid you help she with . stark why ? 78 . jackie because that 's the part I believe be true . you probably do help she somehow with the boy and Eugene 's name do come up over and over again on the abstract I pull . stark nod . stark [ beat ] there 's one more thing I want to see . int . corridor [ leading to basement ] , alpine grove , 2004 stark , determine , now lead jackie . as they reach the end of the hall , we see damon -- now in he 5as -- look after they curiously before he go back to he work with a patient . int . basement , alpine grove , 2004 jackie watch stark ignore the " authorize personnel only " sign as he push the door open without so much as a pause . int . morgue , basement , alpine grove , 2004 the morgue look exactly as before . stark be momentarily jarre in the room . he look to the wall on which the jacket hang and see only the bare hook that use to hold it up . stark this be the room . they use to hang the jacket there . [ turn to Jackie ] this be where it happen . this be the room I be actually in right now . jackie be not doubtful , but it 's also hard to be convinced ... stark I can show you . it 's probably in there . stark walk to the cadaver drawer and rest he hand on the one they put he in . then , with great difficulty -- physical and emotional -- he open it to see if there be anything leave . he pull it out , and there 's nothing in there . 79 . jackie maybe this be not such a good idea ... stark lean closer , locating all the proof he need : the stain metal -- still reddene and brown with dried blood -- and the part of the morgue slab he clawe he nail into when he be in it . jackie look at it in disbelief . stark yes , it be . [ softly ] my finger be the only thing I could move . [ beat ] Dead body do not bleed . and they certainly can not claw so hard they dent metal . int . hallway , basement , alpine grove stark and jackie be leave the morgue , when stark spot damon , now hardly a hair of the bully he be before . damon stare at he curiously ; stark glare back furiously . damon you folk be not suppose to be down here . jackie we be just leave . damon do not take he eye off stark . damon do I know you from somewhere ? stark you may have know my father , William stark . damon smile , remember ... damon that 's right ! goddamn , you be the spitting image . I do not know he have a son . stark he do not either . damon [ with a dirty laugh ] I will be damned . he musta be 12 when he have you . [ beat ] you could be he ghost . 80 . stark do you know my father ? damon oh yeah , sure . he kill a cop , right ? stark loom strangely over damon in this exchange . stark you would not happen to know how he die , would you ? damon [ slightly apprehensive ] no , I do not . I just remember they find he body . stark you do not know any more , damon ? damon [ shock ] how would you know my name ? stark my father use to talk about you . damon oh yeah , what would he say ? damon 's eye betray he unease . stark he say you be a sadistic fuck that belong in jail . damon be shocked , and cow . so much that he shake as he look for he bearing . damon look here , I do not like you get in my face and say this bullshit to I ... stark that 's too bad . damon I think you say you never know you father . stark I do not . [ beat ] do you have anything to do with he death ? 81 . damon I do not know what you be talk about , man . I swear . this be some weird shit you be tell I ... and I do not know how come you be do it . stark start to see a shaking man who stand confuse and distraught before he . stark he die because he ble to death from a blow to he head . someone have to have give he it . damon I never touch you father ! I swear ! damon 's eye be fill with dishonesty , tear and a craven fear . stark lean in closer to damon as he remember ... stark you know something , damon ? you be like a mule . you be real stubborn . but there 's way of fixin ' that . all you need be a good stick . [ beat ] here 's you stick . live with it . stark look like he could easily bash damon 's head against the wall , but instead he let it go and walk away . ext . cemetery , alpine grove ground , 2004 , day stark be stand above he own headstone : william stark , December 25 , 1967 - January 1 , 1993 . next to he grave be that of rudy mackenzie . stark look down sadly at both . jackie come up behind he . jackie how long do we have ? stark I do not know . jackie they tell I becker 's in shelbourne now . I look he up and he be list . stark look scared and lose -- like it 's all catch up to he . and like he might be be take out of the jacket . stark how far away be that ? 82. page missing 83. jackie kiss he scar -- from the war and the jacket -- and stark lift she higher so he can look at she as they make love for the first time . int . bedroom , jackie' apartment , night jackie be lie in stark ' arm , run she finger over one of the scar on he chest . stark stroke she hair . jackie what about Captain medley ? he never tell they what happen to you over there . his testimony ... that coward want they to think you be crazy . stark I know . it be perfect . [ beat ] erase my sanity and you erase anything I will ever say . jackie [ frustrate ] well , do not what he do to you make you mad ? stark of course it make I mad . it make I more than mad . just like remember the face of the man who kill that officer and know nothing more about he . but what 's it gonna do for I to find they now ? I can not fix everything in three day . jackie you have get to get yourself out of that place . they be go to kill you if you do not . stark I might not be able to . jackie it 's not a prison , it 's a hospital . there 's get to be some way out of there and you have get to find it ... she do not finish because it 's too hard to . stark nod , wiping she tear and kissing she . fade to : 84 . int . bedroom , jackie' apartment , night , 2004 the sore sound of the drawer be open stir Jackie -- awaken she as if she hear it in she sleep . she reach across the bed , but stark be no longer there . she run she hand over the bed like he 's alive in the sheet . int . hallway , alpine grove , night , 1992 dr . lorenson be administer medicine to a patient in the ward , when she see -- almost like a shadow -- a stretcher be wheeled down the hall . she finish with the patient and run to the end of the hall in search of it ... int . stark ' room , icu , alpine grove , late night , 1992 stark lie recover under a small light above he hospital bed . his body bear mark of the brutalization . as we pull back , we see dr . lorenson stand guard over he at the foot of he bed . ext . ward , icu , alpine grove , next morning stark sit by a window -- i.v. 's in he arm -- smoking feebly , still severely weak from the jacket , while dr . lorenson observe he for a bit from the hall before she go inside . lorenson you will die if you keep smoking that in you condition . stark I will die either way . lorenson pull up a chair and sit opposite he . lorenson I can not try to help you unless you let I . [ beat ] I know about the jacket . stark wait to see what this mean . lorenson I be sorry for what you be put through , and I be sorry I could not stop it earlier . but I promise you that I will from now on ... stark [ cut he off ] I do not want you to . lorenson do not understand . 85 . lorenson what do you mean ? stark you have no idea what 's go on . lorenson no , I do . that 's what I be say to you . stark listen to I ! you do not ! the jacket be my only chance in this place . lorenson just think it 's another delusion . lorenson how can you say that in you physical condition ? do you realize that it 's because you be put in it that you be as ... weak as you be now ? becker 's a man who 's not well himself . stark search for word that will not sound as crazy as he know he appear . they do not exist . stark you do not understand . lorenson then help I understand . you know , you be not alone . a lot of Gulf vet have begin to experience curious symptom . what you have might well be a syndrome and , if so , it 's not one we know enough about to be treat it this vigorously . stark this have nothing to do with that . lorenson [ exasperate ] then what ? what ? [ beat ] I can not guess it . you have to help I . stark fix he eye on lorenson . he have nothing to lose but still he tread carefully . the word that follow come almost unwittingly . stark ... what you do not know be the only thing you know . ( more ) 86 . stark ( cont would ) [ beat ] and what you own be what you do not own ... and where you be be where you be not . lorenson [ beat ] where be that from ? it 's as though stark hear he word for the first time . stark I do not know . [ frustrate ] remember ? lorenson come on . tell I what you do know . stark [ beat ] I have see a time that 's not this time . and I be only able to see it when I be in the jacket . lorenson well , what time be it ? stark 2004 . lorenson nod , try to mask he dismay but fail . stark you do not believe I . lorenson [ test he ] well , what year do you think it be now ? stark [ exasperate ] I be not delusional . I know it 's 1992 . same as every sane person . lorenson ok fine . tell I about it . tell I about the future . 2004 . what do it look like ? stark it do not look all that different . lorenson the future do not look different ? stark no . not for people like I . [ beat ] not in the place I come from . 87 . lorenson what about the world ? stark I do not see that much of it -- same as now . I only see it as part of my own life . lorenson look at stark , unintentionally patronize . lorenson do you think you be travel in time ? be that it ? stark shake he head and momentarily challenge lorenson simply with he air of calm resolve . stark not everyone in here be crazy , Doc . lorenson search for another approach . lorenson [ beat ] like who ? like mackenzie maybe ? stark maybe . lorenson [ matter -of -factly ] do he tell you he try to kill he wife ? stark nod . lorenson mackenzie lock himself up in he house for two month and nearly starve himself to death before he be bring here . all because he wife leave he for another man . stark move to put he cigarette out and he i.v. almost fall out of he arm . lorenson make a move to adjust it and stark flinch perceptibly , startling lorenson . stark [ adjusting it himself ] maybe that just make he weak , not crazy . or maybe he be crazy . [ beat ] still do not make I think I be . ( more ) 88. stark [ adjusting it himself ] and , judge by the fact that you just tell I about another patient , it do not even make you think I be , so what do not you work on persuade yourself first . lorenson why do not you help I ? stark because I do not have time . lorenson why not ? stark I be about to die unless I do something to stop it . lorenson and how do you know that ? stark because of the future . I know what 's go to happen . lorenson William , that be just another facet of my delusion . then , stark remember the only thing that might help he . he pause , try to recall as much of it as he can . stark and what about you work with Eugene -- the kid ? be that another facet of my delusion ? lorenson -- have prepare to continue -- be bowl over at the mention of she patient . she lose all color and calm in she feature . lorenson how do you know about Eugene ? stark you tell I about he . I see you and I think you think I know something about he . so you tell I . lorenson do not know what to say . lorenson [ somewhat angrily ] how do you know about Eugene !? 89 . stark [ shake he head in disbelief ] you tell I . it 's like two part of you talk through I . look , judge from you reaction , there 's no other way I could know about he . lorenson there obviously be , so what do not you just tell I how you find out about he . stark look at she convincingly . stark some part of you suspect -- even if you do not know for sure -- that what I be say be true . lorenson I do not know how you know about Eugene , but this idea be part of you delusion . stark no ! they be not my delusion ! look , just leave my business with becker to I ! lorenson one thing 's get nothing to do with the other . stark one 's get everything to do with the other . so unless you want my blood on you hand ... leave what 's between I and becker between I and becker . lorenson back off , jarre by stark ' assertion and fearful of he debilite vehemence . int . hallway , alpine grove , day , 1992 mackenzie sit idly on one of the hallway bench until the hallway be clear of the staff . then he scuttle quickly -- all the time close to the wall -- to stark ' room . int . stark ' room , alpine grove , day , 1992 mackenzie get inside , duck as a nurse pass and then tap lightly on the wall , announce himself gladly . 90 . mackenzie hey , I bring you some smoke . stark do not waste any time . stark lorenson say you wife leave you for another man and that 's when you lose it . mackenzie almost imperceptibly wince -- confirm the truth for stark -- before he have to sit down . mackenzie geez , how 's that for a fuck " thank you " ? stark be it true ? mackenzie toss he the cigarettes and light himself one . mackenzie she leave I , I try to kill she , I try to kill myself . she be mean , I be weak , I be cruel so she leave , I do not plan it , do not see it ... fine ! mackenzie suddenly stop , distraught . when he resume , it 's in a oddly more normal tone than he 's ever use before . mackenzie [ softly ] I do not want to see it . I be in here because they say I have a nervous condition . [ beat ] well , here 's my question , who would not be nervous if they really look at they life ? [ beat ] whose life be that good ? stark do not have a answer . mackenzie not this luckless little mammal 's . what difference be it to they ? [ beat , slow down ] you believe what you want to believe . one version be easier than another so you make it you own . as mackenzie run he hand over he forehead , he look hurt , and sad , but strangely not a bit crazy . 91 . mackenzie I will tell you this though . however nut I be , I be not nut enough not to know how wrong it be to put a human be in something like that . mackenzie 's twitching continue as he recollect it . stark mackenzie , [ beat ] what if we be crazy ? mackenzie [ shrugge ] what if we be ? there be crazier thing than think up fiction for yourself . [ beat ] everyone do it , do not they ? even becker . that roller coaster car pop more pill than all of Ward 3 . stark becker do ? be you sure ? mackenzie I have be here for 11 year . it 's my neighborhood . ' course I be sure . he 's as drugge up as the rest of we ... I guess he have to be to put up with all this . stark nod and mackenzie put he head down , suddenly vulnerable and embarrassed . stark light two cigarettes . stark thanks for the cigarettes . you still get a lot of problem , mackenzie , but you be ok . mackenzie and stark smoke together quietly . int . stark ' room , alpine grove , december 29th , 1992 stark be try to see if the window open through the bar cover they . it 's especially hard with the i.v. still connect to one of he arm . becker at least it 's some kind of bar we have get you behind . stark turn , startle . 92 . becker hello , William . I understand you have be ask for I almost every hour . I would have be here sooner but you give we little state visitor quite a bit to talk to I about . stark that 's too bad . becker it be . but when it come down to it , you just have to patient with they . they would rather have they vacation , too , so they just push deal with we " practice " off to the New Year . stark they make it hard for you to get away with you business , huh ? becker temporarily . stark light a cigarette and , with that gesture , adopt the unscrupulousness of a criminal so convincingly it bear little resemblance to he usual demeanor . stark make it a little easier for I to get away with mine . becker look at stark seriously . becker and what 's that ? stark my business ? becker yes . stark get away with thing . like whatever I may or may not have get away with Officer Harrison . becker you kill he ? stark simply deliver one slow nod . 93. stark and wound up in a better cage . [ beat ] but I still want to make a deal . becker look understandably disgust and stark proceed with the calculation of someone who be guilty . stark see , the deluxe lab animal treatment I have be receive -- well , I do not think it 's work . I wake up today and realize ... [ eerily lowering he voice ] ... I do not think I be cure . so really , what be the point ? torture ? I think that 's still sort of illegal in some state -- though we will have to check on vermont . and , how 's this for the cherry on top : it seem my physician be a pill - pop freak . [ beat ] last time I check , that make some pretty good copy for a lot of this news show . [ humbly , deftly ] " I do not remember everything they do to I . I just remember the worst part . " I think I should be sit down when I say it , do not you think ? it take becker some second to swallow this . becker I think ... I have to think about it . becker cock he head to one side as he do . then he slowly make he way over to stark and lean in closer to he . stark instinctively raise he hand to he head -- prepare to be defensive if he have to be . if this be the moment when he 's kill . but becker only yank the i.v. angrily out of stark ' arm , tear he skin with it . becker I think you story need a little flesh out before it 's ready to go . becker turn to leave as stark bleed onto the floor . becker I will say a prayer for you in Church today , stark . maybe the god can pick up where the medicine leave off . 94 . stark you sure you know where to find one ? becker I have manage to every Sunday of my life . [ beat ] some of we be God - fear man , stark . stark and what do that mean ? becker means we believe in do he work and fear what the world would be like if we do not at least try to . stark smirk at the hypocrisy he see . stark becker , how do you sleep at night ? becker you in here . [ beat ] Works like a drug . becker leave without look back and stark close he eye , breathe a sigh of relief that it 's over . int . nurse station , alpine grove , 1992 , evening lorenson , dress to leave , stop to talk to nina , one of the evening nurse . lorenson Nina , William stark be to stay in icu all night . if anything be suppose to change , I want to be call about it . nina sure , Dr. lorenson . int . lorenson' home , vermont , 1992 lorenson come home to a unremarkable apartment to find a thin , young mother , talia yazdi , and she eleven year - old mute , and seemingly retarded son , eugene , wait for she outside she door . lorenson hi . [ beat ] sorry I be late . 95 . talia it 's ok . [ to Eugene ] hi , Eugene . eugene return she greeting with a blank stare . int . lorenson' home , vermont , some time later lorenson set she thing down on the kitchen table as talia start to tidy thing around the apartment . lorenson talia , I need to ask you something . talia look at lorenson . talia what be it ? lorenson have you tell anyone about my session with Eugene ? talia [ with a accent ] of course not . [ off lorenson 's still doubtful look ] I swear I have not . I would not do that to Eugene , or you . you know that . lorenson have anyone be ask about he ? talia no . I would have tell you . lorenson nod . she believe she . int . stark ' room , alpine grove , night , 1992 stark spot damon stand cautiously in the hall . int . nurse station , alpine grove , night , 1992 we see ( but do not hear ) harding speak to nina as damon slip into stark ' room . nina seem sufficiently distract . int . stark ' room , second later damon flash a knife at stark . damon no funny business or we can make this a lot fuck harder for you . 96 . one look at the knife and the same question burn once more ... stark [ weakly ] no funny business . int . hallway , alpine grove , night , 1992 damon hustle stark down the hall as fast as they can before the nurse or any other staff member spot they . int . office / library , lorenson' home , night eugene sit opposite lorenson , who quietly observe he , jotting some note down on she pad . she be intermittently hold up picture for Eugene , ask he to repeat they name as if she be teach he to read . lorenson Eugene , this be a " train . " eugene start to pronounce the word when abruptly , and without any warning , he look like he 's unconscious , only with a blank stare . lorenson quickly move beside Eugene and watch he from up close , apparently not altogether surprised at what 's happen . eugene do not even blink . the only sound we hear from he be a couple , barely audible guttural noise . lorenson -- exhaust -- take off she glass wearily and gently address the boy . lorenson come on back down here . wherever you be ... try to come on back . you will like it , I promise . just then , talia walk in with tea , juice and cookies for Eugene and lorenson . she spot she son in he absent , stare state and force she face into a small , sad smile to avoid tear as she set the tray down and the cookie before they . talia gently touch lorenson be hand . lorenson look at she warmly . talia know how hard she 's try . int . morgue , basement , alpine grove , night , 1992 becker soundlessly watch as harding and damon finish strapping stark in the jacket . damon slam the drawer shut , send stark back in . int . jacket / tunnel 97 . what stark lack in strength , he counteract with he overwhelming will . the screen trembles with it . one terrific , white light and we ... CUT to : int . jackie' car , shelbourne , vermont , 2004 , day stark sit by himself in Jackie 's car , park in a gas station . he look around , try to make sure it really be she car . he look in the back and see a pair of sneaker and a empty bottle of vodka . he look outside and see a few people walk into the food mart of the gas station . he tremble with cold as he look down at he plaid shirt . then , jackie unexpectedly appear outside the driver' window open the car door and nearly spilling she coffee when she spot stark next to she . see it 's he though , she smile warmly . jackie you just scared I , that 's all . she lean over to he and give he a kiss , hand he the coffee . stark I , too . jackie here , drink this . I will get the heat go . ext . MAIN STREET , shelbourne , vermont , 2004 jackie speed through the street of shelbourne , presumably on they way to becker 's house . ext . becker' neighborhood , shelbourne , vermont , 2004 they have slowed down a little . int . jackie' car , 2004 , day jackie read from some direction on a paper as they car slow down on one particular street , towards one particular house . 98 . ext . becker' house , shelbourne , 2004 , day jackie [ o.s . ] I think this be he house . int . jackie' car , 2004 , day stark look at the house , bedeck with a lopsided snow man on the front lawn . stark you be sure ? jackie yeah . I call the number yesterday to make sure . Thomas becker , retire M.D. stark get out of the car . ext . becker' house , shelbourne , 2004 , day stark knock on the door . no answer . ext . becker' house , shelbourne , 2004 , day jackie try to look through the window to see if anyone 's there . no one be . it look small and dark inside . ext . becker' house , shelbourne , 2004 , day stark knock again , look down anxiously at he foot . jackie walk up to he from around the side of the house . they do not have the time to wait . jackie they be not here . stark they be not . jackie [ beat , lose ] no . jackie notice how cold stark look . jackie maybe they be out . stark nod . 99 . int . jackie' car , 2004 , day stark rub he hand together as he look out the window and see no car or people on the street . jackie watch he despairingly . jackie how much time do we have ? stark [ distract ] I do not know . jackie what ? what be you think ? stark there be no car on this street . jackie look around ; there really be not . jackie yeah , you be right . but wait , how can that be ? stark turn to jackie , think . stark I do not know . maybe that 's because this whole thing be a dream . how can you have a street with no car on it ? jackie I do not know . but this be not a dream . I be real , and so be where we be . stark then why be not there anyone around ? jackie [ beat ] I do not know . stark run he hand over he head and close he eye in desperation . jackie what be you do ? stark do not answer . jackie William ! William ! stark open he eye . she sigh in relief . 100 . jackie maybe he 's go somewhere . he will have to come back . stark start to shake he head in disbelief , when suddenly , he realize ... stark of course he will . [ beat ] what day of the week be it ? jackie it 's Sunday . stark [ nodding ] it 's Sunday . jackie so ? stark look ecstatic with hope . stark look where this people live . a small , beautiful , remove place . stark they have get life to be grateful for . jackie William , you be not make sense . stark [ beat ] they're at Church . and I bet that 's where becker be . ext . street , shelbourne jackie and stark head back to the only MAIN STREET in the town . as they approach the town church , they start to see a row of car parallel - park on the street . jackie pull up to the entrance of the church . int . jackie' car , 2004 , day stark watch jackie get out of the car and walk up to the door of the church . ext . church , shelbourne , 2004 jackie boldly open the church door . 101 . int . church , shelbourne , 2004 jackie see the town seat in the Church . the priest look up at she briefly and some people turn around , but she close the door before she cause a major interruption . int . church , shelbourne , 2004 we move to the third or fourth row , where , from behind , we see a head of grey hair . he slowly turn around , casting a look towards the door and revealing a glimpse of he face . though it 's age slightly , it have not soften . ext . church , shelbourne , 2004 jackie and stark watch as the people file out of Church . they be lean against she car when stark spot he . dr . becker walk beside a SMALL child -- presumably he grandson . jackie register he formidableness with some surprise ; becker 's maintain a strong physique and be hardly a shade less intimidating than he be before . only he hand have a permanent shake now . stark do not waste any time . he head straight for he . almost sense he , becker look in he direction . the casual look on he face be instantly supplant by one of disbelief . stark you still go to Church . how 's that work ? you God just do not notice ? that it ? [ beat , serious ] how you doin ' , Dr. becker ? becker stop walk and look at stark . his grandson look at he . becker' grandson grandpa ? becker [ still look at stark ] Sean , why do not you wait for I by the car ? I will be there in a minute . [ turn to the kid ] ok ? his grandson , momentarily appease , head for the car . becker [ to stark ] can I help you ? stark I do not know , Dr. becker . can you ? 102 . that 's enough to confirm for becker who stark be . all around they , people leave Church socialize routinely -- unaware of the haunt history be make between they . becker who be you ? stark I think you know . you eye say you do . becker [ beat ] you be he son ? stark no. I be not he son . I be he . [ beat ] what ? you look like you have see a ghost . you can come here and touch I , old man . I be the real thing . becker how ... how be you here ? stark look at becker -- each a terrifying reminder of the other 's past . becker you die , stark . year ago , in the hospital . stark I know . [ beat ] you kill I , do not you ? becker no. I do not . I swear I do not . I probably help push you to kill yourself , but I do not do it . stark I do not kill myself . I die from a blow to the head . how would it happen ? I have to know . becker look at he , nearly too stunne to speak . becker I do not know how you die . the last time I put you in the jacket be just after you tell I you remember kill that police officer ... 103 . stark I do not say I remember kill he . I just repeat some word to get myself back in there . becker I know . [ beat ] I know that when you come out . stark how ? becker because ... because you come out and say something you could not have possibly have know . you come back and repeat three name ... becker falter as he recall he offense . becker of people like you . people I be just try to help . they could not get worse so I think , with medication , they might get ... stark medication ? what kind of med do you chase with night in a cadaver drawer ? becker it be part of the treatment I intend ... I do not know what the effect would be ... stark so , what , you guinea pig sick people to find out ? becker the three of you be not regular patient . you be criminal that end up at Alpine Grove . stark no , we be patient . becker concede after all this time . becker you and the other do not seem that way then . 104 . stark be quiet as he come to understand how it 's about to work out : if becker tell he that name now , he essentially indict himself . stark who be the other ? becker remember with a hint of remorse . becker [ racked with remorse ] Nathan piechowski , Jackson macgregor , and Ted casey . [ beat ] I do not ask for you -- for any of you . you be all send to I . stark look at becker , in astonishment . becker what be it ? stark just stare at becker , wait for the realization to hit he , too . becker how do you come to know they name ? stark you just tell I . the last time I be with you be when I be in the jacket . I be in it right now , Dr. becker . becker I do not understand ... stark I be in it as we speak . [ beat ] you be haunt yourself right now . [ beat ] I guess sometimes we indict ourselves if no one else do . you do not make history like you want to , huh , Dr. becker . it turn out different , do not it ? becker I do not put you in Alpine Grove . stark no . [ beat ] you put I on drug and then you put I in the jacket . 105 . becker [ stoically ] I be sorry when I hear you die . I be , but ...how be I to know you do not shoot that police officer ? stark the same way you just say I do not without my ever tell you . [ beat ] and that still do not excuse what you do . just because you have key to a cage do not mean you have animal inside . [ beat ] you have earn you guilt , becker . stark share a last look with becker before he walk away towards the car . int . jackie' car , day , 2004 jackie and stark sit inside the park car as stark touch he head . jackie that 's all you get from he ? that bastard help take you life away from you . stark no , he do not . jackie what ? how can you say that ? he 's the one that put you in that goddamn medieval ... jacket . he 's probably the one who kill you . and with that word , jackie start to break down . stark no one 's kill anyone . stark take she hand and run it over he head . stark touch I . I be okay . stark look at she with love , understanding and , for the first time , a sense of peace . he stroke she hair to calm she down . 106 . stark if everything have not happen the way it have , then I would not be here right now , sit in a car with you , touch you face . jackie why be you say that ? [ beat ] we do not have long , do we ? stark look at she without answer . jackie wipe she eye , fasten stark ' seat belt , and see that stark ' eye have start to flutter , start drive . in the distance , the barely audible sound of the drawer open , and they time end , be hear . stark where be we go ? jackie to the hospital . ext . highway , vermont , day , 2004 jackie and stark speed on the highway . as stark sleep , jackie keep look over at he like it 's a way to make sure he stay with she . int . hospital , vermont , day , 2004 jackie help stark -- who 's severely weaken at this point -- to the nurse 's station . claire be there . jackie Claire , I need help . claire help jackie , and they take he into a room . from afar , we hear claire ask about he . stark what 's happen to I ? why be I get so much weaker ? jackie because you body can only take so much of what they be put you through . claire Jesus , what 's happen to he ? 107 . int . room , hospital , vermont , day , 2004 jackie help claire do for stark what they can ; it do not seem like much at this point . stark lorenson 's the only one that could let I out of there . I need something to persuade she that I be there . get I something to take to she . jackie ok. ssh. Rest . int . office , hospital , 2004 jackie stand above a printer as it print the information she 's look up about Dr. lorenson . the paper get jamme , and that 's when jackie completely lose it . she wrestle with the printer as if it be responsible for what 's happen . then she realize she 's not alone . she look back and see claire , watch from the doorway , with a sympathetic look in she eye . jackie [ in a panic ] he 's not ...? claire no , no . [ beat ] not yet . but he do not have long . be you sure you do not want a doctor to look at he ? jackie no ! it will not do any good . [ beat ] please , Claire . they will not understand . claire acquiesce with she eye . int . jacket / tunnel passage stark be trap : back on the day when Officer Harrison be murder . flashback to : ext . highway , rural vermont , winter , late afternoon , 1992 ( cont would from the scene after stark leave Jean and Jackie 's place ) : 108 . stark be walk back on the same highway just after the sun have set , and just after he help jean and jackie , on that fateful day ... this time we see a car stop for he from a much closer distance . tenny pull up towards stark and roll down the window on the passenger side . stark bend down to be able to see the driver . tenny hey , mister , you need a ride ? stark where be you go ? tenny I be go to Canada but I can let you ride with I up to the border . stark consider this . tenny can you drive ? stark sure . tenny great , get in . we will switch off in a bit . we pull back and see the same shot , from a distance , of stark put he bag in the back and get in . as he open the car door , we hear the music play inside . as they drive off , the music fade further and further in the distance as we ... CUT to : int . bedroom , jackie' apartment , night it 's the night that they sleep together , and the departure we never see . we see , from stark ' Pov , jackie sleep serenely in the bed . we catch one glimpse of stark in the moonlight , stand naked in the doorway , before he turn and then ... disappear -- have be take out of the jacket at that point . int . hospital room , vermont , 2004 jackie be by stark ' side , lie on the hospital bed , next to he , smoothing he sweat head . 109 . jackie William , please , honey , wake up . for I . stark ' eye flutter open . jackie can you hear I ? stark nod ; jackie try to continue without choke up . jackie I find out about Eugene . the little boy . he 's the key . that 's who you have to tell she about when you get back there . it 's the only way to prove this to she . jackie 's voice fade as we ... CUT to : int . lorenson be home , vermont , night , 1992 lorenson watch eugene continue to look unresponsively in the distance . return to : int . hospital room , vermont , 2004 ( some time later ) stark be awake , watch jackie sleep wearily on he chest . he see the toll this have take on she , just as he sense he be about to be take out of the jacket . he nudge she gently . stark Jackie ? jackie stir she eye to look at he . stark [ somewhat urgently ] where do you live ? jackie what ? stark when we first meet , when you be 7 , where be the house you live in with you mother ? do you remember you address ? 110 . jackie 112 orchard Way . [ realizing , in a whisper ] you be not come back , be you ? stark , faint , struggle to get out of the bed . stark you gotta stop think like that . jackie then , where be you go ? stark nowhere . [ beat ] I just think I be gonna be sick . stark move towards the bathroom of the hospital room . jackie move to help he and he motion for she to stop . stark falter in the doorway when he turn to look back at Jackie -- like it might be for the last time . jackie [ in a whisper ] you come back to I ... stark nod , then go in and close the door behind he . jackie stare after he -- alone in the total silence of the room . she listen for the slight noise and that 's when she actually hear the sound of the drawer be open for herself . she realize he 's go . she rush after he , open the door in a fit , and then , see what she fear most : no sign of stark . jackie fall to she knee , right there , on the bathroom floor and cry out like a woman only beginning to realize how unfathomably deep she heart be ... int . alpine grove , 2004 stark be suddenly in the wait area outside lorenson 's office -- still severely weaken . he walk slowly to the office door and feebly knock . lorenson answer and stark fall into she arm . lorenson [ stun ] oh dear God . int . lorenson' office lorenson have laid stark down on the couch in she office . stark can barely talk . he spew as much of it as he can out in he feverish state ... 111 . stark I be William stark . I be not he son . and ... and the kid you work with . you friend 's son ... Eugene ... lorenson be still by the word stark just speak . lorenson I know . I know it all . save you strength . I already know everything you be go to say . [ beat ] you be in the jacket right now , be not you ? stark how ...how do you know ? lorenson you tell I this be how it happen . stark I do ? lorenson yeah . stark clutches he side in pain as they prepare to take he out . stark who ... who kill I ? lorenson you have nothing to fear , William . but when we look to see stark ' reaction , he 's not there ... int . becker' office , alpine grove , evening becker be dress to leave the hospital when he suddenly decide not to . he take off he coat and he glove , but not he scarf , and walk out of he office with a decide urgency . int . morgue , basement , alpine grove , 1992 becker pull stark out of the drawer and look down ruefully at stark ' scathed face . stark , drench in blood and sweat , seek the outline of becker 's face in the light . stark [ whisper ] becker , I know about you . [ beat ] I know what you do to you patient . 112 . becker loose the strap around stark ' neck to help he speak . stark Nathan ... piechowski . [ beat ] Jackson macgregor ... Ted casey . [ beat ] you do not cure they . you kill they . becker momentarily lose color and he forever cool mien . after some second , stark pass out and becker -- hand tremble -- look as though he might stick he back in when , instead , he start to remove he from the jacket himself . he silently and carefully unty each of the strap -- take unusual care for stark ' flesh as he prepare to put he on a stretcher . int . stark ' room , icu , alpine grove , early morning as the SUN start to rise , we see stark -- now clean up -- recover in he bed . he be unconscious . from he window , we look down and see Dr. lorenson 's car pull into the lot ... fade to : int . stark ' room , icu , alpine grove , early morning lorenson , still wear she winter gear , walk into stark ' room , anxiously check he vital . her anxious expression reveal stark ' frailty . she look to the window then and see a empty chair with only becker 's scarf on it . lorenson go to the window in time to see becker get into he car . int . stark ' room , icu ward , alpine grove , later that morning stark lie unconscious in the bed . the nurse , sally , stop by the room to check on Dr. lorenson . sally would you like anything , Dr. lorenson ? lorenson a cup of coffee would be great , Sally . thanks . sally be he gonna be ok ? lorenson I hope so . 113. sally I , too . lorenson look after she as she leave . int . stark ' room , icu ward , alpine grove , morning , 1992 lorenson wake up as stark stir in he sleep , slowly waking up . lorenson you be go to be ok , William . we just need to get you fever down and we will be able to hopefully stabilize you . stark who be you kid , Doc ? you or I ? lorenson do not answer . stark can I get some paper and something to write with . lorenson what for ? stark [ solemnly ] I be start to think I be really gonna die soon . so I would like to write some thing down . lorenson I be not gonna let that happen . stark you still do not believe I , do you ? lorenson I do believe you ... stark no. listen to I ... the kid , Eugene ... lorenson still get take aback by stark ' knowledge of Eugene . stark no one know you be work with he so how would I have find out ? he 's you friend 's son , right ? 114 . it 's true ; no one could have know about lorenson 's private life . stark cough , clearly in great pain . lorenson William , I can not indulge this delusion , even when you be in this state . stark listen to I . that 's all I ask . lorenson have no choice . stark he 's have absence [ pronounce " absance " ] seizure when he stare off into space like he do . he have they so often that that 's why he have not learn to speak properly . lorenson who tell you this ? stark you do , in the future . you figure it out because a part of you already know this . that 's how it work . [ beat ] I be just tell you something you already know , even if you have not realize it . stark close he eye , gather what strength he can . stark I do not know when it will happen but soon I think , you will shock the boy and it will wake he up . lorenson what be you talk about ? stark you will figure it out and you will do good by he . that 's all stark can manage before lorenson see he 's about to pass out again . CUT to : int . lorenson' apartment , night , 1992 115 . lorenson answer the knock at she door . it 's eugene and talia . lorenson hey . talia what be it ? lorenson [ find it hard to explain ] nothing . [ beat ] I do not know . I think of something I could try . lorenson look at talia helplessly . talia nod and lead Eugene inside . lorenson can not help but look down the hall to make sure no one 's there . int . study / office , lorenson' apartment , night , 1992 lorenson sit across from eugene , hold up a picture of a dog . between they be a tray of milk and cookies . lorenson come on Eugene , try to say it with I . this be a " dog " . eugene d--d---d----. but Eugene can not hold the sound of the letter long enough to make the word . a absence seizure take hold of he as he look out unconsciously into space . lorenson move closer to he . lorenson [ softly ] what 's happen to you ? lorenson check Eugene 's pulse and lean in close to the boy 's unconscious face like the answer be there if she just look hard enough . lorenson be you have a seizure ? be that really what 's go on ? lorenson spot a corner of Eugene 's eye twitching slightly , and , rush to get a better look , take the shade off of the nearby lamp and hold it above he head so she can get a better look at he . 116 . just then , talia open the door , startling lorenson . she knock over the milk and , as it spill on the lamp cord -- now on Eugene 's lap -- it cause a electric SHOCK . Eugene catch it . talia gasp and lorenson watch the boy in fear . the moment pass and Eugene -- more responsive than he have ever be before -- look at he mother and lorenson . he do not know what 's happen but he be aware , and awake , like never before . eugene pick right up where he and lorenson leave off . eugene Dog . [ to talia ] hi. talia and lorenson look at he and each other at shock . stark [ o.s. , distantly ] you be go to ... shock the boy and then thing will change for he . lorenson you ok , Eugene ? eugene hold lorenson 's gaze steadily for a few moment . lorenson [ stun himself ] yeah , you be ok . talia what 's happen ? lorenson [ put the piece together ] he get a little shock . [ to himself ] and it 's reset he . not permanently probably ... but at least for a little while . they use it on epileptic patient sometimes ... talia but he 's not epileptic . lorenson no , but he be have seizure . talia look at lorenson . she 's still confuse . lorenson 's merely surprised . int . stark ' room , icu unit , alpine grove , 1992 stark look up from he paper -- now cover in word -- to see Dr. lorenson in the doorway . stark still look weak but much better than before . 117 . stark it work , do not it ? lorenson nod . stark this be really happen , be not it ? dr . lorenson [ beat ] what do you need I to do ? stark [ beat ] thank you . stark fold the letter . stark I need to get this letter to someone . dr . lorenson I can not take you out of here in you condition ... stark and I can not stay here in my condition . I be go to die tonight . it 's already be decide . dr . lorenson no , it have not . stark yes . [ beat ] it have . everything up ' till today be do . everything start with tomorrow be up for grab . ext . parking lot , alpine grove , 1992 lorenson help stark into the parking lot as it snow . int . lorenson be car , day , 1992 lorenson and stark be drive on the same , now familiar highway . stark you know how to get there ? 118. lorenson sure . it 's a easy address . a little far out there , but easy enough . stark good . Bob Dylan play on the radio . stark smile as he hear he and turn the music up ; the act be sad because , as lorenson notice , it belong to someone with a interest to live . ext . jackie and jean' house , day , 1992 dr . lorenson and stark drive up to Jean and Jackie 's house . lorenson you want I to come with you ? stark no , I will be ok . stark slowly make he way to they front door and knock on it as best as he can . the sound , however , be still understandably soft . stark wait and then reach for the knob on the door . he open it and look inside . we first see he face , and the devastation on it , as we guess the sight he 's laid eye on . jackie be sit at the kitchen table , still only 7 year old . though stark expect it , he falter under the disappointment of see a girl he like instead of the woman he love . as she look up at he , it 's all he can do not to break down . stark hi. jackie [ surprise ] hey . [ beat ] I remember you . stark I remember you , too . stark shake he head , look at she . she look beautiful , and still hopeful . her life lay ahead of she and she fate -- when he find she in 2004 -- remain as distant as possible from this innocent , still promise image . stark Jackie , how have you be ? 119 . jackie smile ; she do not get ask that often . jackie I have be ok . stark good . how 's you mom ? jackie ok , I guess . stark nod . jackie smile . it 's all he can do not to crumble . stark do you think I could see she ? she look at he and sense , like kid do , the desperation in he eye . jackie sure . jackie call out for Jean , then run up the stair to get she . lorenson have get out of the car and be wait outside on the porch . stark remain in the doorway . some second later , jean appear -- gaunt but in a slightly better state than we see she before . jean can I help you ? stark hey , Jean . Nice to see you . jean look a little confuse . jean I be sorry ? you face look awfully familiar , I just can not quite place it ... jackie Mom , this be the guy that drive we home that afternoon we be stick on the highway . the guy you yell at for no good reason ... jean oh , yeah . 120 . she give he a once over , and , see how weaken he look , decide intuitively he can not be much harm . she also notice lorenson wait by the car . jean there something you need ? stark you could say that . stark look at jackie , hesitate because of she . sense this , jean ask Jackie to leave . jean Jackie , go play in the snow . jackie why ? jean just do it . jackie leave and walk to the yard . stark watch . stark I can not stay long . [ motion to lorenson ] that 's my doctor and I gotta get back to the hospital . everything I want to say be in this letter . [ beat ] you can check as much of it as you can . stark hand she the letter . stark I will not be around when you read it ... but I hope you believe it . it would be a real shame if you do not . jean look baffle but , seem to grasp he urgency , nod . stark [ beat ] I should be on my way . jackie have be watch this exchange from the shed . when he look over there , he catch she eye and call out , with what strength he have leave ... stark bye , Jackie . 121. this be the hardest word stark have probably ever have to say . jackie just stare after he , as do jean , as he show himself out . stark happy New Year to both of you . jean thanks . you , too . ext . jackie and jean' house , day , 1992 as stark be walk away , we see he eye begin to tear in the cold -- but not from it . int . jackie and jean' house , day , 1992 jackie abruptly run after he . jackie hey , wait ! stark stop in he track ; he clear as much sadness from he face as he can before he turn around to face she . stark [ beat ] you be good to yourself , Jackie . jackie ok . then , suddenly , she stick she hand for he to shake , as she do that day on the roadside ; only now , it tremble slightly in the cold . stark take jackie' hand and hold it in he own softly and affectionately . jean and dr . lorenson look on curiously as stark look in she face , at she hand in he , and then to the heaven for the mean to get through this . as stark let go at last , jackie look back at he , sense the connection even if she do not know it yet . stark turn and stumble as he walk back to he car . lorenson move to help he , but stark tell she not to with he eye . he make he way to the car on he own . montage : int . live room , jean and jackie' house , day , 1992 122. jean sit down and start to open the letter . stark ' voice , as we hear it now , be presumably from part of the letter he 's write to she . int . lorenson' car , dusk , 1992 lorenson look over to stark , who stare painfully out the window . they drive on in silence . stark ( v.o. ) I be 25 year old the first time I die . it do not end anything though . [ beat ] sometimes I think we live through thing only to be able to tell they , to bear witness , to say this happen . int . alpine grove , new year eve , 1992-1993 stark walk back through the gate of the hospital , despondently return inside , with lorenson at he side . stark ( v.o. ) and it be not to someone else . it be to I . and I live despite it . sometimes I think we live to beat the odd . and sometimes I agree that life can only begin with the knowledge of death . that it can all end , even when you least want it to . int . ward , alpine grove , evening mackenzie look up from he game of solitaire as lorenson help stark down the hall . he hold up he hand in the gesture of hello , or goodbye . stark raise he hand back with a earnest smile . stark I be tell you my story because it 's the only way I can try to help you daughter , and you , have a better one of you own . int . becker' home , shelbourne , 1992 we see becker take he drug . in he dark de , on he wear desk , be a bottle of whiskey . he close he eye as he administer to himself whatever aid he can ... int . jackie and jean' house , day , december 31 , 1992 123. jean be read each page avidly , affect by this man 's last word . stark ( v.o. ) it 's scary ... and lucky ... how much we can forget . scary because we think the past give we we bear , and lucky because in that moment I be talk about , you realize it do not . and it never have to . int . SMALL bar , CANADA , night , 1992 tenny ( Officer Harrison 's murderer ) be at the bar order a drink from the bartender . as he get he drink , he slap a bill down on the counter and turn around to survey the bar ... int . jackie' room , jackie and jean' house , evening , 1992 jackie rummages in a box of she personal belonging , look for something specific in they . she stop finally when she find stark ' dog tag . she take they out slowly and put they around she neck . stark ( v.o. ) I be not a crazy man , even though they mistake I for one . I live in the same world as the rest of you . only I see more of it . then , after a moment of stare down at they , she tuck they under she sweater . int . captain medley' home , night , 1992 captain medley hold a beer as he stare blankly at a tv broadcasting news about mike tyson's rape conviction . medley 's barely watch the footage ... int . stark ' room , alpine grove , 1992 Dr. lorenson help stark back to bed . stark look up at lorenson , thanking she without word but with he eye . lorenson smile as she look back sadly at stark ' even more weaken self . stark ( v.o. ) and the see be the only way you can hear what the truth around you be say : you can always start believe in thing you do not already believe in . and , while you be alive , it 's never too late . 124 . then he turn and walk out , close the door so that stark ' room and the screen darken at the same time . int . hallway , alpine grove , new year be eve , 1992 two payr of leg walk down a corridor , darken by the night , through the now familiar passage to the basement ... stark be not restrain this time though we do not see who be walk down the hall with he . he run he hand over he forehead and look at it when he 's do . still no CUT . they slow down they pace as they round the corner , as stark appear dizzier and dizzier . he do not stop and the person beside he do not see how weak he be ... until stark trip . in slow motion , we hear a distant , garble voice call out ... distorted voice no ! wa ... atch out ! but stark ' head hit the glass case of the FIRE extinguisher on the wall , as it be destine to . in the terrific shower of glass , one piece cut a neat , deep , fatal gash in stark ' head . blood start to flow . as stark ' eye struggle to regain they focus , we see the blurred , indiscernible face of the person lean over he to see if he 's all right . the detail start to make sense , even to stark . this be the wound they say he die from . int . morgue , basement , alpine grove , new year be eve , 1992 stark collapse on the familiar slab , ready to be strapped into the jacket one final time . blood pour from he head onto the floor . the person with he struggle to get all of stark ' weight onto the metal slab . she 's do it as carefully , and gently , as she can -- take observable care with every strap of the jacket , almost as if the act itself be a humane one . when the hand finally reach the strap around he neck and the hardest part of the struggle have pass , stark smile kindly , and thankfully , into the single overhead light in the room that obscure the face of the person strapping he in . as the drawer be push in , one of the strap get catch on the side , cutting stark ' arm . we hear a small cry in the room . then the hand adjust the strap and slowly push stark in . 125 . int . jacket / tunnel it 's more beautiful and serene inside than it 's ever be before . this time , as he travel through the tunnel , it 's as though he 's travel in a heaven of he own . the image he see be the best moment of he past -- connect in a tranquil , fluid narrative that suggest stark have finally retrieve he memory without it haunt he ... stark ( v.o. ) I promise you , Jean . no matter how bad the day and thing around you look , they look better awake than they do asleep . I can offer you some proof : when you die , there 's only one thing you want to have happen ... sometimes so badly it come true , I guess . [ beat ] you want to come back . panel : the panel we see briefly be complete further now . 1 ) c.u. a woman' neck as a small child 's hand touch it . 2 ) int . stairway , old house ( stark ' childhood home ) : stark , age 9 , run up the stair , knock a picture on the wall with he elbow ... 3 ) c.u. a black and white photograph of stark ' father , a much older version of himself . 4 ) ext . creek : a shot of clear water that 's not to deep and , on its surface , the reflection of a teenage boy' face before he touch it and send it rippling ... 5 ) ext . a new england beach : stark ( 20 ) dress in a black suit , hold a urn , let the ash fly into the water ... 6 ) ext . desert : a sandstorm whirl round before it 's replace with ... ext . vermont : a field of snow . ext . morgue , basement , mental hospital we see now that it be dr . lorenson who put stark in . exhausted from the physical strain of get he in there , she stare at the close drawer , like look at it be one way to look after stark . int . jackie and jean' house , vermont , 1992 126 . jean put down stark ' letter and walk out of the kitchen and watch jackie sit absently on the couch , look past the tv . jean kneel wordlessly beside she daughter and look she daughter in the eye . jackie look back curiously as jean wrap she arm around Jackie 's legs and rest she head in she lap , hold onto she with the dearness of have narrowly miss a tragedy . fade to black . ext . diner , SMALL town vermont , 2005 over the sound of car slush in the snow , a image fade up slowly on the screen , until we see it 's stark , stand in the parking lot outside the diner once more . this time he seem situate , and hopeful . after a slightly longer wait than the first time , jackie walk out -- in the same way as before except that she wear a nurse's uniform and a unmistakable air of vitality . Jackie look directly at stark and we see the same attraction between they teeming even more than before . even as a physically injure man in jeans and a flannel , with a bleeding CUT on he head and no coat in the cold , stark be someone we see she want to be near . then we see jackie as stark do : she look beautiful , alive , happy and just like the woman he never want to leave . she approach stark warmly , less suspicious of the world -- and less devastate by it -- than we remember she be . jackie hey there . [ beat ] you ok ? stark revel in the moment . in they reunion . stark I think so . jackie you be bleed pretty bad there . stark touch he forehead in a panic and , see the blood on he hand , look up at she , terrify . sense this , she move closer to calm he . jackie it 's ok . it 's ok . relax . it 's just a cut . we can get it fix . ( more ) 127 . jackie ( cont would ) but we need to get you to the hospital now . how would you get that ? stark I fall down . [ beat ] but I be alive . stark look at she -- immensely relieved and grateful . jackie [ laugh a little ] yes , you be alive . but , listen , it 's New Year 's Day . you be not go to get a cab . especially not here . and you be gonna freeze if you stand out here in the snow much longer . I be on my way back to my shift at the hospital ... stark you work there ? jackie [ gesture to she uniform ] yeah , I be a nurse . why do not you let I give you a ride ... stark falter slightly as he walk . jackie help he make it to the car , much like before ... stark thanks . int . jackie' car , 2005 stark can hardly keep he eye off she when she cell phone suddenly ring . jackie sorry , one sec . jackie answer it , smile . jackie hey ! how be you ? [ beat ] thanks . I be just think about you , too . stark listen nervously to she conversation and the affection in she voice . jackie listen , I gotta go , mom , ' cause I be late ... but , thanks . happy New Year to you , too . I will call you later . [ beat ] ok , bye . 128. jackie hang up and look at stark -- feel a little awkward after the call . jackie sorry about that . it be my mom . stark smile back warmly at she ; he get it more than she know . stark nothin ' to worry about there . ext . overhead , vermont highway , 2005 Jackie 's car pull onto the highway , alongside the other , more modern car on the highway . jackie ( o.s. ) how you doin ' ? stark I be do fine . the happy sound of they engine on the highway continue , uninterrupted , for some second , before , first faintly then louder , we hear a rack , all too familiar sound : the drawer creak as it 's open once more ... the end