the cabin in the Woods by joss whedon and Drew Goddard pe ro a int . breakroom - morning Steve hadley and Richard sitterson be workaday white collar joe get coffee and vend snack as they chat . hadley be blandly handsome , sitterson border on nerdy , but they have a sweet rapport . hadley it 's hormonal . I mean , I do not usually fall back on , you know , '' it 's woman 's issue '' ... sitterson but child - proofed how ? Gates and stuff ? hadley no no , dude -- she buy gate , they be stack up in the hall -- she do the drawer ! we be not even sure this fertility thing be gonna work and she 's screw in this little jobby where you can not open the drawer . sitterson at all ? hadley they oper , like , a ingh , then you gotta dig you finger in and _- it 's a nightmare ! sitterson well , I guess sooner or later -- hadley later ! she do the upper cabinet -- kid will not be able to reach that ' till he 's thirty ! assume , you know : kid . hoist file and , in sitterson 's case , a small white cooler -- the kind that might carry organ -- they exit into : int . hall - continuous it 's a anonymous concrete maze . a few other worker pass by as the man talk . sitterson it 's a talisman . it 'a a offer . hadley do not even -- you have woman 's issue . WA Wendy lin , a nervous woman in a labcoat , hadley point at he , sitterson please . you of all people -- hadley I of no people ! it 's a jinx . guarantee we will not get pregnant and it take I twenty minute to get a fuck beer . join they . lin stockholm go south . sitterson seriously ? 1 think they be look good . ley what crack ? lin I have not see the footage ; word 's just go around . hadley that scenario 's never be stable . you can not trust ... what do you call people from stockholm ? sitterson stockholder ? ‘oh no you do not : make a big hadley haaah ! lin that mean there 's just Japan . Japan and we . hadley not the first time it 's come down to that . sitterson Japan hae a perfect record . hadley and we be number two 80 we try harder . lin it 's cut it close . they turn a corner and find a row of golf cart at the end of a long , featureless hall . the boy hop in . hadley that 's why it 's in the hand of professionala , sitterson they hire professional ? what happen to we ? lin you guy better not be mess around in there . sitterson do this mean you be not in the betting Pool this year ? Big money ... lin I be just say it 's a key scenario . hadley i_ know what you be bay . ' 98 be the i ) chem department 's fault . and where do you werk again ? wait , it 's come back to I ... he peel out , sitterson try not to spill he coffee . we stay with they ... hadley ( cont ’d ) gonna be a long weekend if everybody 's that pucker up . hey , you want to come over Monday night ? I be gonna pick up a couple power drill and liberate my cabinet -- very suddenly there dea horribly loud musical sting and a smash cut to title : the cabin in the woop ext . college town — day the horrible sound give way to jaunty rock . we see a street with a good , boho student vibe , not un sanfranciscolike . Arm in on a nice three story townhouse and into the second story window of : int . dana 's bedroom - continuous dana polk , a thoughtful , attractive college sophomore . her room be like she : restrain and well order , but with funky touch of color and whimay . a few sketches and watercolor of she own dot the wall as well . dana be in shirt and undy , pack for a trip and bop softly to the music , which now come from she little stereo . she do that sing - along thing where you start to sing too soon , look sheepish even though she 's alone . she take a couple of political science textbooks , drop they in she suitcase , cross to grab some art supplies , include a batter sketchbook . she pause , flipping through she sketches — — which be not bad — — till she get to a portrait of a handsome thirtysomething man with longish hair and glass . close on dana stare sadly at the picture when Julie '' jule '' louden come into frame next to she . Jules be bubbly , sexy and as of ten minute ago , blonde . jule what a piece of shit . dana ( not look up ) twas ina hurry . jule : you know what I mean . why have not you stick that asshole 's picture on the dart board yet ? dana it 's not that simp -- oh my God you hair ! jule very fabulous 7 , no ? dana I can not believe you do it ! jule but very fabulous , right -- hurry up with the very fabulous , I be get insecure about it now . she hold dana oh God , no , it 's awesome ! it look really Natural , and it 's great with you skin . I just do not think you be gonna --~ jule impulse . I wake up this morning and think '' I want to have more fun . who be it that have more fun ? '' dana curt 's gonna lose it . jule he will have more fun too . and go will you -- ( pluck the pad from dana ) -- while we be burn this picture . dana ( grab back ) I be not ready to —- seriously , this be not he fault . ( 3 jule what 's not he fault ? be thirty eight and marry , fuck he student or break up with she by e-mail ? dana I know what I be get into . jule right : dana Polk , homewrecker . please , you know what you be get into this weekend ? up dana 's bikini from she open drawer , jule ( cont ’d ) this . and if Holden 's as cute as curt say he be , possibly get out of it . dana that 's the last thing -- if you guy treat this like a set - up I be gonna have no fun at all . jule ( crossing to the suitcase ) I be not push . but we be pack this , ( which mean we definitely will not have room '' for -- she pull the text book out . dana oh come on , what if I be bored ? jule this 'il help ? '' Soviet economic structure '' ? '' aftermath of the cultural ... '' no ! we have a lake ! anda keg ! we be girl on the verge of go wild -- look at my hair , woman ! dana it be great ... curt think fast ! curt vaughan be Jules 's boyfriend and yes , that 's a letterman jacket he 's wear and yes , that 's a football he 's throw right at the girl . reverse on they yeeping and flinching as the ball go right between they and out the window . curt ( cont ’d ) well , faster than that ... jule curt ! dana move to look out the window , be in time to see : angle : down on the STREET curt 's friend holden mccrea rush into the street and catch the ball , a slow car bump he leg . it 's a impressive catch . holden yes ! ( to the driver ) sorry . sorry . move along . angle on : the two girl at the window , curt behind Jules , all look out . curt niiice ! dana be that Holden ? a curt ( call ) come on up ! ( to the girl ) transferred from State . best hand on the team . he 's a sweet guy . jule ( to dana , archly ) and he 's good with he hand ... curt that 's nothing . watch this : he grab Jules 's boob from behind . curt ( cont 'd ) oh my god ! both at once ! I be like some kind of olympian God ! jule ( wriggle free ) olympian wad ... curt : 3 ( to dana , shyly ) I be sort of see this girl , but , uh , you be way blonder than she be , and I be think we could ... what be this ? he pries the book from Jules . curt ( cont ’d ) what be this ? what be you do with this ? dana okay , I get it , Il ] —- curt ( to Jules , ignore dana ) where do you get this ? who teach you about this ? jule ( ala psa : ) I learn it from you , okay ? in mock weep , she flee the room . curt hold the first book up to dana . curt seriously ? Professor Ben : ( nett cover this : whole book i n he lecture , ( more ) " eae oy curt ( cont 'd ) read the gurovsky ; it 's way more interesting and bennett do not know it by heart so he will think you be insightful . and you have no pants . he toss the book back on the bed , call out to : curt ( cont 'd ) Holden ! crazy mad skill of catch ! dana , panicked , hoist she jeans on , head out after curt into : int . live room — continuous Jules be open the door for Holden , and he 's even better look up close . less of a wild man than curt . holden you laid it in my hand , I diq but hold they out . he toss it back to curt and grab he weekend duffle bay , enter . hey , I be Jules , holden hi. man , curt do not exaggerate . jule ( pleased ) that 's a first ... curt dude , this be dana . dana hey . holden ( shake she hand ) thank you guy for let I crash you weekend . i'1 ] just put a disclaimer up front : you do not have to explain any of you in - joke . 1°21 ) probably be drunk and think they be funny anyway . should be have leave out the part about be drunk ? curt with hindsight , yeah . holden damn . can I help anybody carry anything ? ext . STREET outside - a bit later Holden be dump Jules 's last suitcase ( she have overpack ) into the rambler , the trailer curt own , with the dirt - bike attach to the rear . dana 's inside , take it from he ( polite smile between they ) as he turn back to Jules and a bag-lade curt . holden that pretty much it ? curt fuckin 's better be ! Jules , it 's a weekend , not a evacuation . jule trust I when I say there be nothing in that case you will not be glad I bring . curt ( js I be shuttin’ right up , - dana ( look eff ) oh my gat ... angle : a car have just finish parking . Martin '' marty '' mikalski be get out of the driver 's seat while smoking a huge bong . it 's difficult to maneuver , but definitely not he first time . his friend instantly look around for , oh , say , police ... jule marty ... curt fuck be wrong with you , bro ? marty people in this town drive in a very counterintuitive manner , and that 's what I have to say . curt do you want to spend the weekend in jail ? ' cause we would all like to check out my cousin 's country home and not get bone ( 5 in the ass by a huge skinhead . 3 10 . jule marty , honey , that 's not okay . marty statistical fact : cop will never pull over a man with a huge bong in he car . why ? they fear this man . they know he see farther than they and he will bind they with ancient logic . ( stare at Jules 's hair ) have you go grey ? curt you be not bring that thing in the rambler , marty a giant bong , in you father 's van ? he pour the water out . remove the bowl , stick it ina little holder inside the tube and telescope the entire thing down , pull a lid off the bottom and pop it on the top , make it look exactly like a can of fresca , marty ( cont 'd ) what be you , stone ? as Holden raise he eyebrow and Jules roll hex eye marty hop in , call out : marty ( cont 's D ) ( from inside van ) dana ! you fetching minx ! do you have any food ? int . / ext . van - a bit later the key be turn , the gas step on . curt look in the rear view at he peep . curt everybody ready ? General assent . curt ( cont ’d ) then let 's get this show on the road ! angle : from up high we see the rambler roll off into the distance . the camera arm up to watch it go , the side of the building in frame . ' 2 ll. : it reach the roof and pan over as we find a group of six man in clean room suite stand silently . after a beat , one speak into he earpiece . clean man nest be empty , we be right on time . a beat , then he circle he finger in the air , scramble the man to pick up case and head for the door to the stairwell . clean man ( cont ’d ) go for clean-up . go , go , go . int . control room - day a thick metal door ( not vault -size , but impressive ) wheeze open , a military guard stand behind it . his name be Alex truman , and he exact military affiliation be unclear . he be upright , exact , and pretty new at all this . truman ( identification , please . 7 reverse on sitterson and hadley as they pull off they badge and swipe they over Truman 's handheld reader . he confirm : truman ( cont ’d ) mister sitterson , mister hadley , thank you . please come in , and hadley to move about in . on the far wall , over the lower space , be three big screen , also off . the place resemble a movie mixing stage , or a tiny Houston Control . hadley and sitterson make they way up , talk with Truman . hadley what 's you name ? truman Alex Truman , sir . 12 . hadley well , this be not the army , Truman , 80 you can drop the '' sir '' . but sitterson do like to be call '' mar ’am " . sitterson ( slide the cooler under a counter ) or '' honey toe '' . hadley he will also answer to '' honey toe '' . be you clear on what 's gonna be happen here ? truman I have be prepped extensively . hadley and do they tell you that be prepped be not the same as be prepare ? truman they tell I . i°11 hold my post , mister hadley . I / x11 see it through . q , hadley 2 not mich else you gotta do . stand watch , check i.d. 's , should not be a lot more than that . and you have to get we coffee , truman they also tell I you would try and make I get you coffee . hadley ball . ( quieter , indicate sitterson ) can you make he get we coffee ? with you gun ? truman and that you would try to make I do that . sitterson ( from off camera ) it be not funny last time , either ! hadley be shrugging , hit a bank of switch on the wall that audibly power up the control room . he cross ( '' to he chair and start flipping switch there as well . a te ae ? 13. sitterson be already enter data into a computer , lock and testing knob and lever , sitterson roll to another bank of control , flip the cover off a row of button . sitterson ( cont ’d ) let 's light this candle , boy , up be go on you command . the screen all come to white , blank life , they light brighten the dim room . ext . rambler - day it truck along a old road , nothing but brush visible . int . rambler — continuous the gang be in mid-ride , clearly a couple hour in . curt be still drive . Jules , riding shotgun , be check both a map and the gps . marty sit at the little table , cautiously relling a elegant , filter row of joint . dana sit with he , Holden in the bathroom with the doo open , where we can see they have stashed a keg . he 's fill three cup . jule I hope this be the right road , ' cause right now it look like the only road . curt what about that thing we cross back there ? jule do not even show on the gps . it 's unworthy of global positioning . dana it must feel horrible ... marty that 's the whole point . get off the grid . no cellphone reception , no marker , no traffic camera ... go somewhere for one goddamn weekend where they can not globally position my ass . this be the whole issue , ' 2 C noun ! o or 14 . jule ( hear this before ) be society crumble , marty ? marty Society be bind . it 's fill in the crack with concrete . no crack to slip through . everything be record , file , blogge , chip in we kid ao they do not get lose -- society need to crumble . we be all too chickenshit to let it . jule I have miss you rant . he grin at she , hold up a gorgeous joint . marty you will come to see thing my way . jule I can not wait . be that the secret stash ? marty the secret secret stash . I have not tell my other stash about it because it would become jealous . dana ( point ahead ) a sign . up there . jule ( turn back ) yes. and ... okay , leave . bear leave . curt you sure ? jule not even a little bit . Holden bring up beer for curt , Jules and dana , who amile at he shyly . holden what be this place exactly ? curt country home my cousin buy . he 's crazy for real estate , find this place in the middle of nowhere , it 's like civil war era , seriously . jule there 's a lake , and wood everywhere ... 15 . ' 2 we see some beautiful picture . ( to dana ) you will be do some serious draw . no portrait of pedophile ... dana give she a ' shut up 's look , holden ( settling by dana ) you be a art major ? dana Art and political science . holden ooh , triple threat . dana ( after a small beat ) that ' 's only two thing . holden yes , a double ... threat that sound weird ~~ let 's just say I fing you threaten . curt I think you be drop art . jule uh , no , never mind ... Jules swat curt , give he a look . dana I be switch a few course . holden how come ? curt for no reason ! for very good reason that do not exist . hey look , tree ! marty we have pattern . societially . the beautimous dana fall into one of the oldest pattern and we be here to burn it away and pour ash into the groove it have etched in she brain . cover the track and set she foot on new ground . eee ( ) 16 . holden ( to dana ) be it okay if I do not follow that ? dana I have take it as a favor . curt Gas ! they all look ahead . curt ( cont ’d ) Gas . and maybe someone who know where we actually be . ext / int . gas station it be as decrepit and abandon look as it can be . a old pump squat in front of a monument to rust , window cloud with grime . 9 angle : from inside through the window we see the vembler pull up . the inside of this place do not look ( any more invite than the outside . once upon a time % thing be fix and goods be sell in here , but not of ' 3 late . the kid pile out , stretch , look about . curt and marty examine the pump . curt I be think this thing do not take credit card . marty I do not think it know about money . I think it 's barter gas . curt move a pace to see if anyone be around . angle : holden be inside , move slowly toward the back . we hear curt 's offscreen : curt hello ? but no reply . Holden keep walk , trace he finger along the countertop . close on : he finger trail a line of clear glass into the grime . S 17 . angle : the girl be make they way nimbly around back . jule because I hate go in the rambler ! dana you think the toilet here 's gonna be better ? jule I do not like to pee when all my friend be two foot away from I . I be quirky . at least this have gotta be hoah ! they stop , stare in horror . reverse on : the bathroom . it 's just as horrible as it could be . the door off , the room tiny -- the wall stain with what might be actual slime . the toilet be lidless , break and fill with brownish sludge . a weird little gurgle come from it . ( 2 dana move forward , brow furrow . she lean in and look down . in the toilet , a scorpion struggle , drown in the fetid muck . angle : holden be head back outside . we be behind he , and through the open doorway we can see curt and marty try to figure out how to work the pump . holden I do not think there 's gonna be any -- the attendant fill the doorway , have come around from the outside . he speak as he appear , over the surge of music and Holden 's shocked jump -- attendant you come in here uninvite ? holden ( over this ) fuck ! the attendant be old , weathered , and creepy as hell . one eyeball be hideously red , tobacco chaw spill over he stain lip , and he carry a permanent scowl of ( 2 disgust . : _ 18. holden ( cont 'd ) dude .... attendant sign say close . curt be make he way over to he , marty judiciously hang back . curt we be look to buy some gas ? do this pump work ? attendant Works if you know how to work it ... but he do not move to help . the girl come around , no more anxious to get close once they have see he than marty be . holden we also want to get direction ... curt yeah , we be look for ... ( to Jules ) ++- what be it ? jule ( come forward ) tillerman Road ? do you know if it 's this way ? the attendant look at she , the name register . she kind of wriggle under he gaze . attendant ( mutter ) what a waste . he start amble toward the pump , pull out a ring of key and unlock a latch . attendant ( cont 'd ) tillerman Road take you up into the hill . Dead end at the old buckner place , curt ( to Jules ) be that the name of -- jule there be not a name ... ) ( '' the attendant stick the nozzle in the rambler 's gas tank . the number on the pump start go up manually ( like they use to back when ) , but creak to a stop almost immediately . curt ( to the attendant ) my cousin buy a house up there , you go through a mountain tunnel , there 's a lake , would that be ... attendant buckner place . always someone look to sell that plot . ( bad , bad smile ) always some fool look to buy . jule you know the original owner ? attendant not the first . but I have see plenty come and go . be here since the war . ous ' 3 attendant ( flaring up ) you know damn well which warl which war ? she take a step back , freak . dana take she arm . marty would that have be with the blue , and some in grey ? brother , perhaps fight against brother in that war ? attendant you sassin 's I , boy ? marty you be rude to my friend . the attendant stop for a second , not expect this guy to have come back at he . glance at Jules , mutter : attendant that whore ? curt be about to clock he but Holden put a hand to curt 's chest , step forward . ( ( > 20 . holden I think we have get enough gas . attendant enough to get you there . gettin 's back 's you own concern . he pull out the nozzle as the gang move back in , curt contemptuously throw a twenty at the guy 's foot . marty good luck with you business . I know the railroad 's comin’ through here any day now , gonna be big . street paved with ... actual street . ( to himself ) fucker . angle : the rambler' tire spin in the sand and take the heap right out of there , | cruise down the road . the attendant watch , spit chaw . watch . ext . wood - day a helicopter shot float over the rambler as it wind through a endlan expanse of fir , finally consume by they . ext . mountain tunnel - afternoon the rambler come up the side of a steep drop-off . we see Jules in the passenger seat smile ... jule guy , take a look ... and we pan with the vehicle as it enter the mountain tunnel , slow down a bit -- it 's a tight fit . the camera move up the mountainside , look down to see the rambler come out the other end . a bird come from behind camera , fly directly above the tunnel . about halfway across it hit a invisible vom ( 21 . d ext . cabin / int . van - afternoon there 's no audio but music as the kid all crowd the front of the van to look at they vacation spot . the lake appear up ahead , sun rippling over the water , and they look and point , talk a bit . finally the camera race through the forest and find the cabin . it squat uninvitingly , a fairly ramshackle -- though not overly rustic —- single story structure . window on either side of the door , not unlike close eye . the van pull up and the kid come out , more slowly than they do at the gas station , take it in . dana 's a little entrance , Holden curious , curt pump , Jules mildly excited , marty wary . jule oh my god , it 's beautiful ! ( to curt , sotto voce ) one spider and I be sleep in the rambler . I mean it . Uno spider - o. , vanry J ( to himself ) this house be talk a blue streak ... as the boy start unload the keg , dana approach the front door ... alewly turn the knob .. . int . live room - continuous she enter the live room . it 's also , if you turn to the right , the kitchen ; the stove be a classic old wood — burn kalamazoo wonder , the sink clearly retro-fitted . the decor be sparse and antlery . a wolf 's head be mount on one wall . a hall go own the middle , with two bedroom on either side . dana make she way around the room as the rest of the gang pour in . curt oh , this be awesome ! jule it be kinda cool . you gonna kill we a raccoon to eat ? curt ( ( nodd ) '' I will use its skin to make a cap . sow 22. Jules run down to thé hall , to look in the room , grab a doorknob -- jule dib on whichever room be -- ow ! she pull she finger back -- it 's cut , slightly on the tip , a little blood welling up . jule ( cont ’d ) curt , you cousin 's house attack I . curt I smell lawsuit ... holden when be you last tetanus shot ? jule thanks , that 's very comforting . curt Jules be pre-med . she know there 's no come back from thia . ( stroking she hair ) T will miss you , baby . I x11 ] miss you shiny new hair . dana look over at marty , who stand in the doorway , look around warily . dana marty ? be you Planning on come in ? he look around , not ready to make he move . int . holden 's room — afternoon Holden throw he bag on he bed , which squeak appallingly . he look around the decrepit -- but not entirely un - homey -- room , focuss on a picture opposite the bed . angle : the picture be like 19th century print , but it 's of a hunt Party with machete and dog tear a lamb to piece and , upon close examination , be repulsive , holden yeah , I do not think go . se es 23. he take the picture off the wall , camera follow he as he lean it on the floor , come back up to find dana stare at he blankly through a hole in the wall . once again , he jump . holden ( cont 'd ) wow . I have hear about the wall be thin , but -- she bare she tooth at he . he stop , not get what 's go on at all , then as she start pick between they , he get it . move forward and put he hand to the one - way mirror between then . holden ( cont ’d ) no way ... he watch she for a bit , first amused , then a little hypnotise . she really be kind of beautiful . she muss she hair a little , give up , grin at she own vanity . move to she bed and start unbuttone she shirt , holden ( cont ’d ) oh shit , ah no , ahh ... ( 2 he bob back and forth between this golden opportunity and cegmne human ( yawn ) decency . move away from the hole , out of frame , move back , finally bang on the wall , ducking he head just as she 's about to take it off —- holden ( cont 'd ) ( call through ) hold up ! int . holden 's room / hall / dana 's room — moment later the gang be all in there , check it out . jule you have get to be kid I . dana that 's just creepy . marty it be pioneer day ; people have to make they own interrogation room . out of cornmeal , raye od , 24 . holden ( touch the edge ) this from the ... seventies , judge by the weather . who do you cousin buy this place from ? curt we should check the rest of the room . make sure this be the only one . ( to Jules ) you know marty want to watch we pound away . marty ( wince ) I do not even like hearing that . jule ( as they exit ) do not be a ape , curt . he make ape noise off screen . dana be still stare at holden how about we switch ? ( she turn to he ) not that I would ... I mean I 'l ) put the picture back but you might feel better if we switch room . dana I really would . he grab he bag and they head out as she say : dana ( cont ’d ) thanks for ... be decent . holden least I could do , since curt and Jules have sell you to I for marriage . she make cringe face . dana they be not subtle . holden I be just here to relax . and so can you . dana yeah , I be not look for ... but I be still grateful that you be not a creep , ey 25 . holden hey , let 's not jump to any conclusion there . I have kind of a internal debate about show you the mirror . shout on both side , blood be spill ... in she ( now he ) room , he dump he stuff and she grab hers . dana so you be bleed internally . holden pretty bad . dana well , Jules be the doctor-in-training . you should probably talk to she . holden yeah . dana exit , clearly frustrated with she lame exit line . she enter she new room and , drop she luggage , move to put the picture back . she 's stop hy the aight of iden , also look a little fruatrate . a moment , and he pull he shirt over he head . he 's in pretty good shape . he pull he bathing suit out of he bag , start unbuttone he pants -- dana uhhh ... ah ! God ! sheepishly , she grab the picture and replace it . take a@ moment to look at the slaughter lamb scene . oe dana ( cont ’d ) yeah , I do not think go . we cut to a high and wide of she place a little blanket over the picture , and suddenly the frame be that ofa monitor , as we pull back to see : int . control room ++- we be watch dana on a monitor . and as we continue to pull out , we see more monitor . on the screen : we see a surveillance view of Holden in he room ... s+eand marty in he room ... and Jules with curt ... in fact -- qo CD o , 26 . all the monitor on the control bank be now light up , each show different view of the cabin and surround area . sitterson roll into frame on he office chair , look the screen over -- sitterson all right -- place everyone -- we be live -- hadley stare at dana 's monitor . key the microphone in front of he -- hadley Engineering , we have get a room change . Polk be now in two , mccrea 's in four . Story department -- you copy ? we will need a scenario adjustment ... voice ( over speaker ) have it back to you in fifteen ... sitterson glance up as -- sitterson ms , lin ! ~~ Wendy lin entere the area , clipboard under she be . sitterson wheel himself towards she . lin we have get bloodwork back on louden . angle : on a monitor be jule , go through she stuff . lin ( cont ’d ) her level be good -- but we be recommend a fifty milligram increase of rhohyptase to increase libido . sitterson ( nod ) sold . lin do we pipe it in or do you wanna do it orally ? sitterson ( close he eye ) ask I that again only slower . ey a no lin you be a pig . guess how we be slow down she cognition . ( off hia not ask ) the hair dye . see ? sitterson ( impressed ) the dumb blonde . that 's artistic . lin Works into the blood through the scalp , very gradual . ( to hadley ) the chem Department keep they end up . hadley ( not look up ) I will see it when I believe it . and another voice ring out over the speaker -- second voice Control ? ( 2 hadley go ahead . second voice I have the harbinger on line two ... hadley and sitterson share a glance . sitterson hold up he hand -- do not look at I . this be all yours ... hadley Christ . can you take a message ? second voice uh ... I do not think so . he 's really pushy . ( beat ) to be honest , he 's kinda freaking I out . hadley ( look to the other two .. +) yeaaaahh . okay , put he through ~- hadley hit a button on hia keyboard -- hadley ( cont ’d ) ( into mic ) mordecai ! how 's the weather up top ? ( see 28. yet another voice the lamb have pass through the gate ... ext . gas station the attendant ( who , it turn out , be name mordecai ) speak into the gas station payphone -- old man +++ they be come to the kill floor . int . control room hadley nod , move to hang up -- hadley yeah , you do great out there , by the number ; start we off right . we will talk to you later , oka -- attendant ( 0.8 . ) they blind eye see nothing of the horrer to come . they ear be stop ; they be God 's fool . hadley hhang he head ) well , that 's how it work . attendant ( 0.s. ) cleanse they . cleanse the world of they ignorance and sin . bathe they in the erimson of -- ( pause ) be I on speakerphone ? hadley no , no of course not , attendant ( 0.s. ) yes iam . I can hear the echo . take I off . now . sitterson start laugh . he clamp he hand down over he mouth to keep quiet . lin keep mostly cool ... hadley okay , sorry . attendant ( o.s. ) I be not kid . it 's rude . I do not know who 's in the room . hadley Fine . there -- you be off speakerphone . ( not thank you . old man ( 0.s. ) off speakerphone ) sitterson 's nearly ery now -- old man ( cont 'd ) do not take this lightly , boy . it be not all by you nnumber 's ; the reveller nearly derail the invocation with hia insolence . you future be murky ; you would do well to heed my -- ( beat ) I be still on speakerphone , be not I ? that do it , everyone losea it -- even Truman be grin . as the room erupt with laughter -~ hadley no . you be not . I promise . old man yes I be ! ( furious ) : who be that ? who 's laugh ? sitterson pound hia head on the console , he 's laugh so hard . off which -- ext . dock - day footstep ring out as wooden dock . they be dana and Holden race down the both in they swimsuit , run top speed . as they reach the end , they dive into the lake -- ( as 8 : dana he emerge from the water ) oh ! cold ! that 's what cold feel like -- holden fight through the pain . it 's worth it , I be nearly convinced it 's worth it . reverse on curt , Jules except marty , who at 1 pant ) as they casuall , and marty ( all also in swimwear east have bare foot and roll - up y walk down the dock -- 29 . at ( > q 7 jule ( to dana and Holden ) do it seem fresh ? lotta funky disease sit in stagnant lake water . dana what ? this water ? ( take a gulp of the lake water ) this water 's delicious . holden oh my god , she 's right -- ( cup it into he mouth ) it taste like ... vitamin . and hope . dana c'mon Jules -- life be risk . jule yeah , I might just risk lie out in the sun for a while . curt step to the edge of the dock , . face fall as he y look into the water -- curt what ia that ? dana what ? curt in the lake . I swear to god I ... dana yeah , right ... curt ( scared ) no , seriously . right there . do not you see it ? there . it look just like -- he put he hand on Jules back -- curt ( cont 'd ) my girlfriend . and with that , he shove Jules straight into the lake . splash ! jule ( as she surface ) oh ! oh my god ! I be gonna kill you ! 3 31 . curt point at another part of the lake -- curt look -- there 's something else in the lake -- he jump out right where he be point -- splash -- ag he surface -- curt ( cont 'd ) it 's a gorgeous man ! jule ( swim over to he ) you be so dead -- he laugh as she try to dunk he -- curt do not kill the gorgeous man ! they be endangered ! dana laugh , look up at marty -- e dana marty -- get in here —- marty Nah , man . I ’mcool . just see the sighta ... he sit down on the edge of the dock , dangle he foot in the water . leana back . High as the proverbial kite -- marty ( cont ’d ) just see the sight . and with that , we CUT wide on the lake . on the horizon , the sun be just stare to set . we hold on this tableau as the kid splash and laugh and frolic in the lake . for a moment , all be right with the world . int . control room whump ! a large wad of cash slam down onto the console . wide to reveal sitterson -- for some reason he 's hold large wad of cash . as he step up onto the console -~ sitterson last chance to post ! c’mon people , dig ( 3 deep . betting window be about to a close ! nner o , we 32 . the room be bustling with activity . several people be cluster around hadley , thrust papers and cash in he face , everybody talk over each other -- hadley ( to sitterson ) who 's still out ? sitterson look at he clipboard -- sitterson I get Engineering , I get R&D , I get Electrical -- hadley do you see who they pick ? they be practically give they money away . sitterson yeah , you be one to talk , aquaman . a technician in a labcoat hand she form to sitterson . as he look at it ~~ sitterson ( cont 'd ) I be not even sure we have one of this ... technician Zoology swear we do . sitterson ( shrug , take she money ) well , they would know . across the room , a young guy who look a lot like a intern hand he form to hadley -- hadley ( xe : form ) no no -~ they have already be pick . intern ( angry ) what ? who take ‘em ? hadley maintenance , intern maintenance ! they pick the same thing every year . 3 lin be off to the side , where truma : stoically watch the Proceedings . hadley what do you want from I ? if they be creative , they would not be in maintenance . if you win , you be gonna have to split it . you wanna switch ? intern ( think , then ) Nah . leave it . I gota feel on this one . lin not betting ? truman not for I , thanks . lin seem a little harsh , do not it . it 's just people let off steam . ( look at hadley and sitterson ) this job be not eaay , however that clown may behave . truman do fhe director ... do they know about it downstairs ? hadley ( join they ) the director do not concern himself with stuff like this . Long as everything go smoothly upstairs and the kid do ... what they be tell ... truman but then it 's fix . ( off they look ) how can you wager on this when you control the outcome ? 33. in stand at attention , hadley glance up at the monitor . on the screen -~ we see dana , Holden , Jules , curt , and marty crossing through the cabin , head towards the live room . hadley no no . we just get ‘em to the cellar , Truman . they take it from there . ( ) sd 34 . sitterson they have to make the choice of they own free will . otherwise , system do not work . like the harbinger : creepy old fuck practically wear a sign say '' you will die '' , why would we put he there ? the system . they have to choose to ignore he . they have to choose what happen in the cellar . yeah , we rig the game as much as we have to but in the end , if they do not transgress .. , hadley count the money -- hadley ++. they can not be punish . last chance , Truman . window 's close . truman I be fine . hadley ( yell to the crowd ) all right ! that 's it , gang . the board be lock . he hand the rest of the money to sitterson , who slam it on the pile with the rest of the cash , sitterson ( look at screen ) let 's get this party start ! int . cabin - live room — night curt pump the keg , spray beer into a plastic cup as Jules put on a song -- curt let 's get this party start ! he hand the beer to Jules , who dance through frame in time to the music pump out of the stereo . holden oh , I have play before -- I do not really get the third part . dana well that 's we own thing . jule it take it to a whole new level . 35 . holden okay , whose turn ... marty . Truth or dare or ... lecture . marty I could go for a lecture . holden ( the pressure 's on ) perfect . lecture . marty wait , hang on -- he a grab a joint , light it , and take a massive hit . but he do not exhale . he just look at Holden —- all right , bring it on ... holden ( lecture mode ) marty mikalski , you be ... squandering you potential , marty nod -- true . holden ( conrt ’d ) you have ... anesthetize yourself to the outside world ; you be hide in a womb make of reefer . it 's time you '' give birth '' to the real marty . ( to the other , into it ) I think he will find there 's more to life than get high . marty exhales a huge cloud of smoke as the group applaud . marty ( genuine ) thank you for open my eye to whatever it be you just say . ( then ) Jules ! Truth or dare or lecture . jule let 's go dare ! marty all right . ( think ) I dare you to make out with -- curt +++ please say dana , please say dana.. , — o. 36 . marty -- that moose over there . everyone turn , look to where he 's point . mounted on the wall be the large , snarling wolf 's head . for the record , it could not look less like a moose . dana um , marty ... have you see a moose before ? marty whatever that mysterious beast be -- curt holden it 's a wolf , yeah , it 's a wolf . marty ( cont ’d ) I be live in a womb of reefer , leave I alone . ( then ) Jules , I dare you to make out with the wolf . Jules nod , takea a drink , hop to she foot . jule no problem . the group cheera . as Jules make she way acrog the cabin , she drop she hip a bit , add a sultry swagger to she step . wolf 's Pov : we be look out at the cabin as Jules walk right by we . and just as she 's about to exit frame , she stop in she track . look over at we . she glance over she shoulder . bashful . look back at we wolf , point to she chest . jule ( cont 'd ) who ? me? ( pretend to listen , then ) I be new in town , how do you know ? everyone laugh , cheer she on . but Jules pretend they be not even there __ it 's just she and the wolf . she blushes , twirl she hair around she finger — ~ jule ( cont 'd ) ( to the wolf ) oh my god , that be so sweet of you to say . I just color it , in fact ... more ) oem j 37 . jule ( cont ’d ) ( then ) yes I would love a drink , thank you . she step towards the wolf , then act like she trip -- jule ( cont 'd ) whoops -- ( look towards the ground ) I seem to have drop my birth control pill all over the ground ... while the group hoot and holler , Jules turn around , bend over right in front of the wolf . pretend like she 's pick something from the ground . then , without turn around , she stand up straight , so that the wolf be now directly over she shoulder . she nuzzle it , cheek to cheek -- jule ( cont ’d ) oh .. Mr. Wolf . you be so big . and bad . ( then ) no no no -- there 's no need to huff and puff ... i she turn around , take the wolf 's head in she hand -- jule ( cont 'd ) I will let you come in . and with that , Jules lean in and give the wolf the most . passionate kiss we have ever see . she just go for it -- full - on , tongue - to - taxidermied - wolf - tongue action . the group lose they mind . everyone leap to they foot , give Jules a stand ovation . Jules look to the group , take a bow even as she make a face , spitting out stuff - wolftaste . as she walk back to the group , curt hand Jules she beer , the other keep applaud -- holden I do not know it be possible , but I think you just officially win Truth or dare . dana or lecture . holden sorry . ( y 38 . jule the night be still young . now then ... dana -- curt ( bored ) '' Truth . '' dana frown . glance at curt -- dana what 's that suppose to mean ? curt I be just skip ahead . ( to explain ) dana ( study he ) really . curt ( mod ) or '' leature '' . dana no , I would not want one of that ... angle marty -- he 's glance at curt , frown . something about all this seem a little off ... and dana seem to notice it too . but she 's not about to let curt get under she skin -- dana ( cont ’d ) okay , Jules ... ( defiant ) Da : and just then , behind she -- wh - wham -- the cellar door blow open . everyone scream , startle . jule what the hell be that ? they all look back at the now-open hole in the floor , as they move toward it -- dana it 's the cellar door ... 39 . marty I think it be lock . curt the wind must have blow it open ... S what wind ...? they all cluster around the hole . a set of stair lead down into the forebode darkness . the group stare down at it , all a little spook -- holden what do you think 's down there ? jule ( shrug ) why do not we find out ? ( then ) dana ... dana glance up at she . what ? jule ( cont 'd ) if ) I dare you to go down into the cellar . and we be close on dana as she try not . to show just how much that scare she . off her loor -- int . cellar crrreak . dana cautiously make she way down the old wooden staircase . it 's dark ; dana 's flashlight barely illuminate three foot in front of she . she reach the landing . tries to keep she voice steady as she call back to the other -- dana how long do I have to stay down here ? ct oh , you know , just ' till morning ... she stand at the base of the stair , train the flashlight beam around the room . curiosity get the better of she , she step into the darkness , creak ... ae the flashlight beam scan the room , catch a glint of a metal -- old rusty tool hang from hook along the wall . 40 . creak ... dana keep move , heart pound in she chest . her flashlight sweep the area , find a dusty old record player ... a child toy chest ... a dressmaker 's mannequin ... dana turn , beam sweeping across the wall . as it do so , it find -- a ghostly face . stare right at she . dana scream , nearly jump out of she skin -- holden ( 0.8 . ) } dana ? as footstep ring out from above , dana angle the light back towards the face , realize -- it 's a portrait . a daguerrotype , to be precise , of a young woman , roughly fifteen , dress in turn of the century garb . she stare back at dana with sad eye . holden ( cont ’d ) you okay ? dana turn to find Holden racing down the stair , the other right behind he . dana yeah . sorry . I just -- ( embarrassed ) I just scared myself . it be stupid . curt you call for help . void the dare . take you top off , marty strike a match , light a old oil lantern hang from the wall . as orange light spill across the room ... holden oh my god ... ++.they get a full view of the cellar . the room be big -- much bigger than we expect -- and every dark corner seem to be fill with creepy clutter . jule look at all this ... 9 ie 41 . marty uh , guy , I be not sure it 's awesome to be down here . but the other be not even listen to he . they spread out , each focus on a different part of the cellar -- Holden look down at a variety of child 's toy scattered across the floor . he pick up a ornate music BOX -- holden dude , seriously -- you cousin 's into some weird shit . curt have pick up a conch when he see a wooden sphere sit behind it . he put the conch down and hoist the sphere . it almost look like a small globe , it 's s0 ornately carve , but it have dusty brass ring inlaid around it -- it can be turn and adjust almost like a spherical rubik 's cube . curt yeah , pretty sure this be not he . maybe the people who put in that window ... dana can not take she eye off the portrait of the girl . on the vanity below it , she notice a variety of personal effect : a old hairbrush ... a silver mirror ... and a leather - bound book . dana some of this stuff look really old . Jules study the dressmaker 's mannequin . a amulet hang around its neck . Jules touch it ... jule ( almost to herself ) it 's beautiful ... marty maybe we should go back upstairs ... ( then ) I dare you all to go upstairs ? but even marty can not help but be intrigue as he spot a old super -8 projector . he find a film reel , start unspool it ... haunting music fill the air as Holden start wind the crank on the music box ... curt start turn the sphere part -- they seem to be lining up ... qo 42 . dana brushes the dust off the book , revealing the word '' diary '' on the cover ... Jules take the amulet off the mannequin , hold it up to she neck , look for the clasp -- as though she be about to try it on ... marty hold the film strip up to the light , frown as he try to discern what 's on it ... as Holden continue to wind the crank , the music build and build ... he 's stare down at the box -lid -- it 's as though something 's about to pop right out of it ... and just as the music 's about to reach crescendo -- dana guy . Holden stop wind the crank . the world go quiet . everyone look up from what they be do . dana ( cont ‘d ) guy , listen to this ... reluctantly , each person put down the object of he or she attention and move towards dana . dana ( cont ’d ) ( read from di . '' today we fell the old birch tree out back . I be sorrow to see it go , as judah and I have sit up in its branch so many summer ... '' jule what be that ? dana look in the inside cover . dana Diary of patience buckner , 1903 . curt wow ... jule that 's the original owner , right ? dana ( read again ) '' Father be cross with I and say I lack the true faith . he do not give I my dose and he turn he eye from I at supper . ( more ) sete she stop , 43. dana ( cont 'd ) I wish I could prove my devotion , as judah and Matthew prove on that traveller ... '' marty uh , that make what kind of sense ? holden you know , it 's uncommon that a girl out here be read and write in that era , dana ( read ) '' mama scream most of the night . I pray that she might find faith , but she only stop when papa cut she belly and stuff the coal in . '' look at everyone . nobody comment . bewildere , she flip ahead , continue ; dana ( cont ’d ) ( read ) 7 vjudah tell I in my dream that Matthew ( 2 take he to the Dark room so I know he be . kill , Matthew 's faith be too great ; even Father do not cress he or speak of judah . I want to understand the glory of the pain like Matthew , but cut the flesh make he have a husband 's bulge and I do not get like that . '' marty Jesus , can we not ... curt go on . marty why ? curt suck it up or bail , pothead ! I wanna know . dana look around . Holden give she a little nod , dana ( read ) '' I have find it . in daddy 's oldest book , that I will burn before I go , be the way of save we family . for no one ( truly die who understand the great pain . ( more ) , cc ) 44 , dana ( cont 'd ) I can hear Matthew in the Dark room , work upon father 's jaw . my good arm be hack up and et so I hope this will be readable , that a believer will come and speak this to we spirit . then we will be restore , we love will be unending , and the great pain will return . '' ( look up ) and there 's something in Latin . marty okay , I be draw a line in the fuck sand here , do not read the Latin . a small voice seem to whisk across the top of the room , barely audible : voice read it .... marty be the only one who seem to hear it . he look around ... the fuck ..? voice read it , out loud ... marty start across the room as dana appear to be about to start . curt planta a hand in he chest and shove he back . curt Fucking baby ! jule curt ... curt it 's a diary ! dana it do not even mean anything . look : marty dana ... dana dolor supervivo caro . dolor sublimis caro . ext . wood - continuous as she voice continue to echo on the gnarled and grey hand dig its way ou hold a rusty blade . they come out one by one , in various a group of hastily bury and not all zomby , five of they , all in 1900 's 45 . soundtrack , a 't of the ground , part of the wood : that decompose farm clothes , all hold various appall farm implement . this be the buckner : father with with she break see , skinny judah wit : he scythe , mother h he thin , sharpen trowel , enormous matthew ( we do not see he weapon yet ) and little , one - armed PAT : hatchet . patience be the first to move , amblin . light of the cabin . int . control room om the MAIN viewscreen -- we see the ' ience , hold a ig toward the distant image of the zombie family slowly make they way towards the cabin . sitterson ( 0.8 . ) we have a winner ! wide to reveal a huge crowd have fill everyone 's watch the large viewscr ed the control room . een intently . sitterson ( cont ‘d ) it 's the buckner , lady and gentleman ! buckner pull the '' wi '' most of the crowd groans in disappoin 's betting slip to the ground . but a for , throw they arm up in triumph -- tment , throw they ew blue - collar guy sitterson ( cont ’d ) ( look over at the wall ) look like congratulation maintenance ... go to and as he say that , we see behind he : a large white - board against the wall . down one column , there 's a long list word jump out at we : '' vampire , '' " we witch , '' '' alien , '' '' Zombies , '' '' kevin '' wraith , '' " scarecrow , '' '' angry mole : '' mutant . '' written in marker , of monster . a few rewolves , '' '' floating + '' '' clowns , '' ting tree , '' ed CO , 46 . down another column : a corresponding list of department : '' electrical , '' '' engineering , '' '' security , '' '' zoology '' and so forth . sitterson ( cont ‘d ) ( continue ) ++- who split the pot with Ronald the intern . hadley hand a enormous wad of cash to the blue - collar guy and another wad to the happy intern we see earlier . people shake they head , begin to file out of the room . a wiry girl approach sitterson on she way out -- wiry girl that 's not fair ! I have zomby tool sitterson yes , you have '' Zomby , '' but this be '' Zombie redneck torture family ... '' sitterson tap the board . there it be right there : '' zombie redneck torture family . '' right next to '' maintenance '' and '' ronald the intern . '' sitterson ( cont 'd ) entirely separate thing . it 's like the difference between a elephant and a elephant seal . her shoulder slump . know he 's right . as she go : sitterson ( cont 'd ) there 's always next year .... Truman stare at the screen , at the shambling buckner corpse-clan . truman they be like something from a nightmare ... lin no , they nre something that nightmare be from . everything in we stable be a remnant of the old world , courtesy of ... ( point down ) +++ you know who . truman monster , Magic ... | fas ? 47 , ( 2 lin you get use to it . truman ( turn to she ) s8hould you ? sitterson walk over to hadley . he 's just stand there , stare up at the screen . look a little despondent -~ sitterson I be sorry , man . hadley ( can not believe he bad luck ) he have the conch in he hand ... sitterson I know . couple more minute , who know what would have happen ... hadley ( frustrated ) ( > I be never gonna get to see a merman . sitterson dude , he thankful . that thing be terrifying . and the cleanup on they 'a a nightmare , hadley nod -- I suppose you be right . he gesture towards the screen , hadley so ... the buckner , huh ? sitterson I know . ( watch the screen ) well , they may be zombify pain - worshipp backwood idiot , but ... hadley they be we zombify pain - worshipp backwood idiot . sitterson - ~ and they have a hundred percent clearance rate , hadley nod , good point . ag they start walk back ( towards they console -— on 48 , hadley true . we may as well tell Japan to take the rest of the weekend off . sitterson yeah , right . they be japanese . what be they gonna do -~ relax ? hadley I do not know . maybe they can do some group calisthenics or something ... and as sitterson and hadley clear frame , we hold on one of the monitor . on the screen : we see a video feed of a japanese school room . several schoolchild run scream in terror from a sopping wet young girl who 's float through the air like she 's hang from a invisible noose . as the child scream and scream , the wet girl float toward US and we CUT to -- int . live room ~ night the msio be blaring and Jules be dance up a storm . curt be go with it , occasionally get behind she for the butt - cupping dance , but she 's all over the yoom -- really work it . pop a couple of button to show more cleavage . everyone else be sit , dana and Holden on the couch , dana still hold the book , and marty slump in armchair , smoking sullenly . Jules dance over in front of Holden and do a little impromptu lap - dance wriggle for he . he look a little awkward , glance at dana , who be not exactly thrilled . curt go baby , oh yeah ... that 's the goods right there , fuck yeah . marty this be so classy . curt like you would not want a piece of that . marty can we not talk about people in piece anymore tonight ? 3 49 . jule ( kittenish , turn ) oh , be you feel lonely , marty ? she move to he , give he a little wriggle action as she take he joint and suck hard . jule ( cont 'd ) marty and I be sweety on we freshman hall . marty ( to the other ) we make out once . TI never do buy that ring . jule ( pouty ) but we be still ... ( blow the smoke in he face ) ++ Close ... marty ' you know , I have a theory about all this . ( > curt that 's we cue to bail ! Tommy Chong have a theory , ( indicate holden} you can tell it to egghead here , if he 's not too busy devirginize dana . dana stand , drop the book on the couch . dana Jules , do you want to lie down ? curt that 's exactly the point ! ( push Jules to the door ) mush ! mush ! jule ( not upset ) do not push I around . curt not around , baby , straight line . right there . out there . pretty star . they exit , as dana cross to get another beer and Holden 7 flip through the book . marty hoist himself up and ( join she , still smoking , # 50 . marty do you seriously believe that nothing weird be go on ? dana ( wryly ) a conspiracy ? marty the way everybody 's act ! dana I be sorry about downstairs -- marty it 's cool , it 's not —- when do curt start with this alpha male bullshit ? he 's a sociology major ; he 's on a full academic scholarship ! now he 's call he friend a '' egghead '' , whose head in no way resemble a egg ... ( look over at Holden ) ++.except ... ahhh . okay , kinda , from thia angle , it 's ... ( hold hig own head to k it from hacome eggphape ) + »eahhh ... dana curt 's just drunk . marty I have see curt drunk -- Jules too . dana ( point at the joint ) then maybe it 's something else . marty my secret secret stash be a gateway to enlightenment ; it 's not a devolveafier . ( to the wolf head ) moose , back I up on this . ( to dana ) you be not see what you do not wanna see -- the puppeteer . dana puppeteer ? marty ( hear it wrong ) pop-tart ? do you say that you have pop - tart ? 51 . dana marty , I love you , but you be really high . marty ( dead serious ) we be not who we be . ( close he eye ) I be gonna read a book with picture . he amble off into he bedroom as dana come back to the couch with a beer for herself and Holden . he take he , still hold the book . holden ( translate ) '' the pain outlive the flesh . the flesh return ... or be ... have a meeting place ... towards the pain 's ascension '' . what 's that ? ho ! the Latin . that you ... dana you speak Latin ? holden not well , and not since tenth grade . weird how it come back . he sip he beer , toss the book back on the couch . dana well , it 's a weird night . I be so sorry about ... tonight . everybody . holden do I lose point if I tell you I be have a pretty nice time ? she smile , look down . dana no . you can tell I that . ext . wood - night Jules be laugh , run through the wood , curt in hot pursuit . he catch she around the waist with one hand , beer still hold in the other . '' wx 52 . curt come here ! jule ah ! do not spill on I ! curt do I get a little beer on you shirt ? he kiss she , deep and hard . curt ( cont ’d ) I guess it 'il have to come off . he start pull at the last button . she pull away a little . jule not here ... curt oh , come on ... int . control room - continuous they be suddenly on three huge screen , be shot with a remote caliera on a long lens , with fifteen worket low in frame watch they intently . curt ++- ewe be all alone ... ext . wood - continuous he pull the shirt open but she take a step back and hold it together . jule I be chilly . int . control room - continuous a groan throughout the crowd cause hadley to stand up from the control area behind they . hadley okay , that 's enough , everybody out . job to do . as they be herde out by Truman , hadley sit , say to sitterson : 2 nant 53. hadley ( cont ’d ) we get temperature control in that sector ? sitterson ( interrupt ) on it . he type fast on a keyboard , use a touch - screen thermometer gage to raise the heat . hadley be work he own control ... hadley okay .... engage the pheromone mist ... ext . wood - continuous at there feet we actually see wisp of fog rise from the ground . Jules , still hold she shirt together , close she eye and take a deep breath through she nose . she open she eye , look at curt with half - lidd lust . he go in jule it 's so dark ... I be gonna get twig-butt . take I inside . curt baby , this be why we come here ... it 's romantic ... he start to turn she , pull she open shirt away from she neck and kissing it from behind ... int . control room - continuous the boy be work in concert now . sitterson ( to himself , sing ) Music and moonlight and love and romance ... he push a lever -- literally a dimmer -- up as he hum . and : ( 2 oe ) oq 54 . ext . wood - continuous before the kid , a tiny glen of moss and soft green frond suddenly seem to glow in the moonlight . it could not be more invite . Jules smile , dizzy with luat . angle : ground level -- Jules drop down into frame , curt on she , the two of they only about the business . they roll over , Jules on top , slide she hand down curt 's pants -- he moan with long , run he hand up she chest over she bra . int . control room - continuous the man watch the screen , hand at the ready to manipulate any dial . they have the dispassionate focus of porn theater patron . hadley ( quietly ) okay , booby , booby ... sitterson show we the goods ... Truman look over at they , a little disturb . truman do it really matter if we see -- hadley ( not look around ) we be not the only one watch , kid . sitterson get to keep the customer satisfied . ( do turn ) you understand what 's at stake here ? truman ( nodd ) sorry . sitterson turn back to the screen , and the two man watch they handiwork . int . control room / ext . wood - continuous and now we cut back and forth a bit . '' ( J curt , kneel , slide Jules 's pants off . his head come back into frame and take the edge of she panty in he mouth , make a little growl as he let go and it snap back on she waist -- Jules laugh , lean she head back and suddenly not laugh , breathe hard ... hadley and sitterson stare , ( look perhaps directly into camera to make we even less comfortable ) ... Jules swing on top and pull she shirt off at last . she take she time , slide she hand up she belly to she breast , finally to the clasp in the middle of she bra ... she pop it open , hold it together coyly for one moment before pull the bra off , revealing she breast , a sheen of sweat ( and the fact that they be not fake ) make they all the more entice . she smile knowingly , a vision of hedonistic perfection . curt look up at she in silent wonder . all three man in the control room -- include Truman -- . look at she the exact same way . ( 2 as curt slide he hand over she ghest , she lean down into he , he arm come around she back . hadley score . sitterson eat that , stockholm ... he make a small tweak on a dial , eye still on the screen . angle : above the lover the camera come softly down towards they , the tableau romantic and sensual . he 's atop she and a bit to the side , one hand ( out of frame ) work under she panty as she moan , arm out ... close on : her hand , run along the soft moss . a rusty trowel nail it to the earth . Jules scream , rear up --- hamper by the hand that will not move , as curt tumble off she , look up to see : Three zomby ( as they will be call from now on ) be attack they . o , a '' sal ? 56 . skinny judah be crouching over Jules , pull he trowel out even as mother reach around she neck with she snaggle - toothe see . matthew , the biggest , be still a few foot behind , amble towards . close on : the mother' belly as three burn coal flop out of a slit in it , sizzling on Jules 's hair and the moss . she start to draw the see along Jules 's neck and curt snap out of it . he piledrive right into mother -- curt fuck away from she ! -- knock she back on she ass . he turn to judah just as judah dig the trowel into he arm . curt howl , try to pull it out as Jules hold she bleed neck , try to rise but weak . curt pull he arm away , bring judah towards he and then punch judah hard right in the nose . the nose break easily , crumble a bit , judah completely unfaze by it . curt look over towards the third zombie . Matthew stand a few foot away , lean slightly . suddenly he let a chain slide through he finger , all the way to the ground , pull by a break bear -trap , just a rusty metal jaw with tooth : a turn -of - the-century mace and chain . Matthew grin . the trap swing with sudden speed , whack curt 's head ( luckily not with the jag side ) and knock he back , bleed and daze . jule curt ! she try to rise and Matthew swing again , digging the claw of the trap into she back . she scream , arching back and flopping face - down onto the ground , digging she finger into the earth as Matthew drag she backwards . curt stumble up -- and Father be behind he , slip the shaft of he scythe over curt 's head and pull it back hard against curt 's throat . curt thrashes , unable to scream , as he foot be pull off the ground . he see : the scream , plead , whimper Jules be keep in place by Matthew 's foot as he yank out the trap . 57 . judah pull she hair back , hold up she head -- she eye on curt 's -- as mother place the break blade once more at she throat . curt watch in silent horror . Inside the control room , the man be equally silent , Truman try hard not to lose it as Jules 's plea fill the air around . close on : jule 's pleading eye as we hear the horrible scrape of the see tear flesh . no sound in the console at all save scraping and shuffle . ' Truman have he eye close . hadley and sitterson both have lower they head , and sitterson quietly intone : sitterson this we offer in humility and fear , for the bless peace of you eternal slumber . as it ever be . hadley as it ever be . sitterson pulla a short necklace from under he shirt . '' 3 on it be a weird pagan symbol , five point but not a pentagram . he kiss it and replace it under he shirt as hadley cross behind he to a series of five mahogany panel at the far end of the room . he open the first and press a ornate brass lever down . close on : a mechanism almost like a old clock , Jules verne-esque . a small hammer strike a vial that crack , dark red blood pour out into a brass funnel that run down a thin pipe , seemingly a very long way . int . the chamber - continuous the pipe end in the ceiling of a dark room we will not really see just yet . the blood pour out onto a lean slab of dark marble , right into a groove at the top . the blood race down the groove as it bend and arc different way , form a primitive picture of some sort -- though of what , we do not yet see . ext . wood - continuous judah hiss at we . 58. Drop wide to see curt have stop struggle , Father still hold he as judah and mother amble toward he . Matthew be bent over Jules 's corpse , but we can not see what he 's do , thankfully . as they raise they blade , curt spring into action , plant he foot on both of they and push as hard as he can , knock they back -- and Father as well , curt roll over he and pull himself free . gasp for breath , curt scramble on hand and knee back towards the cabin , almost on he foot -- and the blade of Father 's scythe slice through the cuff of he jeans , pull he leg and drop he back to earth . int . marty 's room - continuous marty be lie in bed on he back as he read curious George . marty George , man , do not do it ! it 's ether ! you be gonna act the fool ! letting out a breath , he drop tha book to he chest . marty ( cont ’d ) ah , but you love you ether , do not you ? Little George ... voice I be gonna go for a walk ... he site right up . marty ( loud , to the room ) okay , I swear to fuck God somebody be talk . he run he hand over he eye , weary . marty ( cont 'd ) or I be pretty sure someone be ...ah.. a voice I be gonna go for a walk ... marty ( stand ) enough ! what be you say ? what do you want ? you think I ’ma puppet , gonna do a puppet dance -- fuck all y'all ! ( more ) ee ee a marty ( cont ' I be the boss of my brain ( beat . piss : ) I be gonna go for a walk . int . live room - continuous 59 . D ) so give it up ! dana and Holden be lean in for a kiss when marty stride by , make they stop . marty he 's get a husband bulge . they look at each other awkwardly , the moment break . marty shut the door behind he . ext . cabin - continuous we walk out with marty , leave the house behind . he come out about thirty yard , near the first tree . in medium close - up , he look up ... marty I think there have be star ... ( sigh ) we be abandon . and he start to take a piss . all of which be hold at this close angle , 80 we only hear it . there 's a noise in the wood behind . he turn around to see a copse of tree , but no movement . turn back and in the bg one of the tree turna out to be a figure -- a silhouett girl with only one arm , she make she way slowly toward he , hold a hatchet . now light by the side window of the house , now lose in the dark in front of it . marty zip up , turn again -- and curt attack he from right beside camera , yell and scare the shit out of curt runt Fucking run ! marty what 's -- curt golly marty head back , with curt , when patience step out of the shadow in front of the house . curt fuck clotheline she , send marty rear back but she fly -- } 60 . curt ( cont ’d ) Dead bitch ! -- and pull marty toward the porch . int . live room - continuous dana close she eye as Holden softly kiss she . it 's tender and sweet . she pull back . dana I do not wanna ... I mean I have never ... ( momentarily confuse ) I do not mean ' never 's , but ... . holden hey . nothing you do not want . they start to kiss again ... wham ! curt spill onto he knee in the doorway . dana and Holden race to he , gasp as they see he bloody wound -- holden ( cont 'd ) Jesus -- what happen ? marty door ! marty 's right behind curt -- as he race inside -- curt grab the door , slam it shut . gasp for air . dana race to he side , try to examine he wound -- dana ( frantic ) where be you hurt ? ( be : blood ) be this all from you ? ( then ) where 's Jules ? curt push she away , shake he head . tear spring to he eye -- he 's clearly in shock . Holden try to calm he down -- holden it 's okay , curt . you be okay ... marty ( gasp for air ) no . we be not okay . what 's the opposite of okay ? 61 . dana what be you talk about ? curt -- where 's Jules ? curt ( shake head ) she 's go . ( then ) we gotta get out of here ... he 's already move towards the back of the cabin . dana no -- wait -- dana reach for the front door . start to open it ... marty dana -- do not open that -- dana I be not leave here without Jules . +eeand she swing the door open , revealing -- matthew . he 's atand on the porch , frame in the doorway . just stare at we . holding something round down by he side . he toss it rigbt at dana -- she gasp , catch it , look down to see -- it 's Jules 's head . dana scream she heart out . she drop Jules 's head on the ground , glance up as Matthew step up the porch . she scream and scream as Matthew approach -- Holden dive forward , slam the door shut just as -- ~ wham ! Matthew slam into it . the frame shake , the wood splinter . marty race forward , help Holden brace the door . as they slam the deadbolt into place -- curt flip the couch over , try to shove it against the door . look up at dana , who 's still in shock -- curt dana -- c’mon -- dana snap out of it , help curt shove the couch under the doorknob . wham ! the whole cabin seem to shake as Matthew slam into it -- ( 62. dana ( terrify ) what be that thing ? curt I do not know but there 's more of they -- get the back door -- Holden race across the live room , throw the deadbolt on the back door . dana ( glance at marty ) more of they ? marty ( nod ) I see a young girl -- all zombie , like he . and '' Little House on the prairie '' , too , but she 's miss a arm -- dana 's face fall as she realize —- dana oh god . patience . ( glance at Holden ) the diary -- holden '' the pain outlive the flesh . '' ( think about it ) she must have ... bound a mystical incantation into the text so someone would come along , read the diary aloud and ... dana ( quietly ) and I do it . curt ( to Holden ) look , brainiac -- I do not give a limp dick why that thing be here . we gotta lock this place down -- marty _ ( nod ) he 's right . curt we will go room by room , barricade every window and door -- 63. curt start head towards the back of the cabin . as he wave they forward -- curt ( cont 'd ) and we gotta play it safe -- no matter what , we have to stay together -- int . control room hadley 's slump in he chair , shaking he head as he stare at the surveillance image of curt and the other move through the cabin . sitterson 's right beside he , work the console -- sitterson ( to hadley ) -- calm down , I get it . watch the master work ... clickety -clack -- he hit some key , throw a switch -- int . cabin ( a curt 's hair ripple slightly as he 's hit . by a gust of air from a nearby HEATING vent . he stop in he track , look slightly confuse ~- dana what 's the matter ? he glance around , look slightly befuddle . shake he head -- curt ( almost to himself ) this be not right ... he look at the other almost like he do not trust they . curt ( cont 'd ) this be not right . we should split up . we can cover more ground that way . and now dana and Holden look a little hazily paranoid as well . they think about it , nod _ - holden yeah ... ( beat ) yeah -- good idea . ( 3 64 . marty really ? crash ! just then , the live room window explode inward . we group cry out in surprise , look back to see matthew' arm now reach through the window —- curt turn , race back towards the live room -- curt I get it ! you guy -- get in you room -- as curt start shove a bookcase up against the window , dana and Holden share a glance . nod . dana let 's go -- they race towards the back . marty hesitates a moment , frown --- something about this be not quite right . but then he shake it off , hurry after they . int . control rqom on the monitor -- we see dana , Holden , and marty run down the hall . as hadley and sitterson watch -- hadley lock ‘em in . sitterson throw a switch -- int . cabin - hallway -- and as dana , Holden , and marty all split off into they separate room -- all the door slam shut behind they , and : wh-chunk ! we hear vault - worthy lock slamm home . int . cabin - marty 's room marty stop in he track . glance back at the close door behind he . again , he frown -- huh . that 's weird ... but before he have time to consider it fully -- wham ! the cabin shakea again . we hear glass break in another room . marty snap out of it -- stick to the plan . he race to the window , which be wide open -- Sue 65 . ' 2 as he dive for it , pull it shut , he lose he balance , knock over the end table next to he bed -- crash ! a lamp shatter on the ground . marty glance down at the fragment . see something ... on the floor -- a thin black wire snake through the shard of glass . marty pick it up , see there 's actually a small , fiber optic camera at the end of it —- int . control room on the monitor -- marty 's face fill up the entire screen as he stare directly into the camera -- sitterson uh-oh -- that 's not good . hadley ( into mic ) chem -- I need 500 cc 's of thorazine pump into room Three now -- sitterson ( g no no no -— hang a — - he point to another monitor . on the screen -- we see one of the zomby walk out of the forest , head straight towarda backside of the cabin —- sitterson ( cont ’d ) judah buckner to rescue ... int . cabin - marty 's room marty pull the camera wire taut , follow it up the length of the wall . stare up at the ceiling . we see the realization hit he -- marty oh my god , I be on a reality show . ( then ) my parent be gonna think I be such a burnout -- crash ! just then , the window behind marty explode inward -- judah reach through , grab marty by the neck , yank he backward , through the window --— marty scream as judah try to pull he out of the cabin . marty struggle mightily -- he hold fast to the ( window frame , desperate to get back inside -- sassen ! vert age 66 . judah growl , yank marty again . as marty start to lose he grip on the window , he flail about , he free hand search the nearby dresser top for anything he can use as a weapon -- and just as judah yank he one last time , marty 's finger close around the fresca can -- ext . cabin - continuous judah haul marty straight out of the cabin window -- wham -- marty slam into the ground -- he gasp in pain , look up just in time to see -- judah plunging the trowel down straight at marty 's head . marty roll to the side — — thunk -- as judah bury the trowel into the ground next to he -- marty struggle to he foot , but judah 's right on top of he . as marty try to fight he off , he glance down at the fresca can in he hand . he give it a shake -— c1-clack -- and it telescope outward into the giant bong . marty take the makeshift baton , awing it with all he might -- wham ! he hit judah flush in tha side of the head , drop he to the ground with a sicken thud . marty stare down at judah 's crumpled body ... but judah 's only momentarily daze ... he 's already start to get to he foot . marty do not hesitate any longer ... he bolt towards the forest -- but as marty race away at top speed , judah take the trowel in hand -- and hurl it right at marty 's back . wh-chunk ! bullseye -- he hit marty right between the shoulder blade . marty cry out in pain as he pitch forward , crash to the ground . judah slowly walk towards the fall marty ... on the ground -- marty gasp in pain , tear in he eye as he desperately struggle to get the trowel out of he back . he reach behind he —- he finger touch the hilt , but they can not find purchase ... judah grab marty by the leg . start drag he into the forest -~ i '' 67 . mar 's no -- noooo --- ext . forest - continuous -- and we be with marty as judah drag he through the treeline . they be head towards a dark hole in the ground ( from which judah firet emerge ) . marty try to struggle -- blood seep from the wound in he back , leave a bloody trail through the dirt . marty 's fade fast ... he cough blood , tear stream down he face -- mar : no -- help I -- and as judah drag he down into the hole , we stay up top -- marty struggle with everything he 's get -- he terrified eye stare back at we as he scream and scream -- he finger claw trail in the dirt around he as he try to hang on —- ( } marty ( cont ’d ) help meeerr -- but it 's no use . and with a final yank , marty disappear from view entirely . his horrify scream echo through the forest ... and then he 's go . int . control room close on a lever as a hand pull it down -- ch-chunk — — int . chamber -- and once again , blood trickle down , down , down through the carve stone etching . and as it flow outward we slowly pull back to reveal the picture form be of a primitive human figure . it be hold a goblet and dance . we hear a rumbling ... int . dana 's bedroom - continuous dana be laboriously move a tall dresser in front of the ae window , at which a zombie pound . 68 . suddenly the rumbling fill the room , which start to shake with what feel like a decent size earthquake . dana look around , almost exasperate in she terror -- dana what ? no ! no , come on ! int . control room - continuous hadley , sitterson and Truman all pause to look around as they too , be shaking . hadley be return from the lever he just pull down , turn to sitterson with shrug ... hadley they be get excited downstairs . sitterson greatest show on Earth ... int . dana 's bedroom - continuous the rumbling subside and she turn she attention back to the dresser . as she get it in place she hear the window shatter and the chest begina to rock . she shove the bed against it and go for the door . it will not open . she pull , kick , but it 's lock solid . she 's stare at it , confuse -- it look so flimsy -- when the chest go over and a zombie start climb in . she hit it with a lamp but it have no effect . she see a second one come , back up against the wall -- and the picture on it go fly , glass shatter , make she jump . Holden knock out the rest of the one - way mirror . there 's bang in he room but no zomby in yet . holden my door 's stick ! dana mine too ! he look at she sitch -- worse than he own -- and beckon she to come through . holden come on ! a! od she stand on the bed and wriggle through , with he help , but not without some cut , and they both fall to the floor . they're still rise when the furniture Holden have pile up be knock away -- by Matthew . dana the bed ! they up - end it and shove it at the window , hold its metal frame against the pound from without . dana look around for something else , see : angle : under the bedspace be a trapdoor . dana ( cont 'd ) Holden . he look , put he shoulder to the bed to take the weight as he indicate for she to check it out . she move to it and pull it open -- nothing but blackness below . she look back at Holden . dana ( cont 'd ) 2 better or worse ? he stick he foot out and slide a lamp to she . it 's be set on the floor ( during the furniture pile - up ) but still plugge in . she lower it into the dark space , let it hang by its plug . dana ( cont 'd ) it 's empty ... Holden give the bed one last kick in place and move to the door , call out : holden curt ! curt ! the knob start move . curt ( from without ) unlock you door ! holden I can not ! get down to the basement ! we get a way down ! curt oo ( from without ) ( J okay ! a ao 70 . Holden move to the edge of the space , take a quick look in and go in head first , hold the edge and flipping himself over to land on he foot . dana slip down into he upstretch arm right after , disappear into the hole . int . dark room - continuous it 's strangely quiet , as though it swallow the noise from above . the only light be from the dangle lamp , and it throw the whole small room into a creepy half - light . and creepy seem to be the general theme . it 's a torture chamber , with a chair , chain , shackle , and a table with some truly appall instrument rusting on it . sweeney Todd would get squeamish in here . they look around a bit , unwittingly fascinate . dana this be the Dark room . holden which ? dana from the diary . this ia where he kill they . ( quietly ) this be where he kill we . holden what ? dana ( she 's crack ) I bring we here . I find the room , the diary ... you be all gonna die because of I . he take she firmly by she arm . holden nobody do this . okay , it 's bad luck . horrible fuck luck but I be not gonna die and neither be you . we just gotta find the door . dana there be not one . he look -- she 's right . 71 . holden in the wall , something . just look . she pull herself together -- move to the far wall , grab something that look like @ small crowbar , run one hand along the wall for a hide door and tapping with the bar occasionally to teat the sound of dana curt ? Holden have move to one wall , now cross below the trapdoor to the other — — holden Hidden room be a staple of post- civil war architecture . there 's gotta be a -~ -- and the bear- trap swing down from the trapdoor , catch under he arm and digging into the back of he shoulder . he scream as Matthew starta hoist he up through the trap -door . ( > dana runa to he and help he struggle , finally overbalance Matthew , who falis forward , stick upside down halfway through the trap -door , still grab at Holden on the floor . Holden painfully pull the trap from he shoulder -- but Matthew get a hold of he , he mouth wide in a hiss scream -- . dana you like pain ? dana run the crowbar right through Matthew 's face and into the wall behind , pin he . scream in he face : dana ( cont 'd ) how 's that work for ya ? Matthew grab the bar and pull at it -- Holden get free -- and dana find a kitchen knife , stab Matthew with it several time , shaking with rage . Matthew finally hang limp . dana stare at he , breathe hard . int . control room — continuous sitterson push a button -- ed sitterson danger 's over , and we ... 72 . int . dark room - continuous close on : the knife handle as a small electrical charge jolt dana 's hand . as we drop back wider , it look like she 's drop the knife ' cause she do not like hold it . she turn she back on Matthew , drag Holden up . they move to the other side of the room -- and the wall behind they open , curt reach in to grab they . dana ahl curt let 's move let 's move ! they exit into : int . cellar - continuous and make for the storm door , push they open , curt grab a handy plank to hit zomby with . ext . cabin / int . van - continuous they move as quickly as they can , both Holden and curt be injure , not encounter any dead folk as they race to the rambler . dana . what about marty ? curt they get he . they come around the rambler , camera behind , and curt move to open the door . there be dirt on the latch . he look at Holden , step back with he plank as Holden ready to open the door and get out of the way . a beat , and curt nod . the door open -- hard CUT to : close on : a hideous scream face of a japanese float drown girl . it suddenly stop , a warm glow building around its now - bewilder face . ee ? 73. cut wide to see : int . schoolroom in japan - night the floaty girl hover over the room , in which several japanese schoolchild be place lotus flower into a large bowl of water on the floor , all the while sing a happy song of love . a frog hop out the bowl . the drowny girl be consume by light and disappear . japanese schoolgirl ( subtitle ) now kiko 's spirit will live in the happy frog ! they all laugh and hug . hard CUT to : int . control room - night ( 2 sitterson be watch this on a screen very unhappy . hadley ie work behind he . 's sitterson fuuhhheck yooouuu ... | a com-line light up and he switch it , eye still on the screen and the frog and the happy song of love , sitterson ( cont ’d ) ( to the com , still watch ) you see this ? lin ( from com ) perfect record , huh ? sitterson naruto-watch , geisha-fuck , weird - gameshow - have dick ! they fuck we ! lin ( on com ) Zero fatality . total wash . any word from downstairs ? xe 74 . '' sitterson director do not care about Japan . ( unconvincing ) he trust we ... lin you guy better be on you game . hadley reply , though he 's still in the bg work . hadley you just sweat the chem , lin . while this moron be sing '' what a friend we have in shinto '' , we be bring the pain . sitterson fuck be up with that fool 's pot , anyway ? he shoulda be drool and instead he nearly make we . lin ( on com ) we treat the shit aut of it ! ( ) hadley é ( just to sitterson , all siness ) get ‘em in the rambler , head for the tunnel , lin the fool be toast anyway . you better not fuck we on the report . hadley shit . lin ( on com ) what ? shit why ? hadley make the hand -across -throat sign to sitterson . hadley ( calm voice ) work to do . gotta go . lin ( on com ) you guy be humanity 's last hope , do not tell I -- ( * and sitterson cut she off , look at hadley . 75 . hadley there 's no cave - in . sitterson what ? angle : screen of the OPEN tunnel , light on the road beyond . hadley the fuck tunnel be open ! sitterson roll back to he station , hit a com-line ... sitterson this be control to demolition ... ( to hadley ) they be not even pick up ! ( hit another button ) broadcast , can you patch I in to demolition ? broadcast ( on com ) we be dark on they whole sector , might have be a surge in the -- 3 but sittsrson stab a button , cute they off . he 's on he foot head out . sitterson see if you can bypass -- hadley puck you think I be do ? sitterson ( to Truman ) get the door . truman mister sitterson , you be not suppose to leave the -- sitterson open the goddamn door ! hadley ( work the screen ) you get family , Truman ? truman yeah ... " oq 76 . hadley kid get through that tunnel alive , you will not anymore . ext . wood - night the rambler plow away from we at dangerous speed . int . hall - moment later sitterson run through the hall , a few worker and guard move aside -- sitterson make a hole ! move ! ext . wood - night the rambler careen around a curve -~ and in the distance be the tunnel . int . control room - continuous hadley get a '' unable to override . authorize system diagnostic ? '' he bang the counter in frustration . int . demolition - continuous we enter with sitterson to see the light blink and spark come from a darken console . Three worker -- slightly beefier or more weathered than sitterson —- be try to bring it back to life . demo # 1 it 's not the breaker ! sitterson fuck be go on in here ? demo # 2 we do not know ! Electrical say there be a glitch up top , one of the creature ? sitterson the tunnel should have be blow hour agol # 77 . demo # 2 we never get the order ... sitterson you need I to tell you to wipe you ass ? ( push past he ) how do we get past this ? demo#3 we be fry inside . we need a clean connection to the detonator -- sitterson have drop to the ground and pull open the underpart of the console , revealing wire and circuit galore . he get on he back , mess with one above he -- demo # 1 system tech be try a reboot on the -- sitterson we do not have time . talk I through . inf. rambler - continuous ( 2 curt be drive , dana in the seat next to he , fear fight despair as tear begin to line she eye . Holden be between they , eye on the tunnel ... holden do not stop for anything ... int . demolition - continuous sitterson replace a chip in a board -- some of the console light up . demo#3 no , that 's just local ; it 's not link . sitterson shit ! int . control room - continuous the camera race in with Ms. lin -- lin hadley , what 's go on ? 78. he just spin and stare at she , nervous as hell . camera continue past he to a screen show the van speed through the wood -- the tunnel visible not far ahead . ext . wood - continuous the van race through frame -- int . demolition - continuous sitterson put a wire to a contact -- it spark and he flinch -~ demo # 1 that 's it ! sitterson blow it !: demo # 3 hit a big red knob . eat . mountain tunnel / int . rambler -— continuous and the rambler enter the tunnel as a charge senda rock tumble down . the kid see they through the windshield fall up ahead before the van be pound from above -- holden back up ! back up ! the whole tunnel be cave in as curt slam on the brake , hit reverse and tear back out , the van stop a few yard from the din and smoke of total collapse . the kid look at it , in shock . int . demolition - moment later sitterson be breathe hard , nobody say anything . he exit , say to # 2 contemptuously : sitterson wipe you ass . ext . mountain tunnel - moment later the kid be out , dana look nervously back for possible pursue zomby , not give in to the tear she can not stop . age '' 79 . curt be furious , look over the side of the mountain at the cliff 's edge on the other side , a tantalize 20 foot away . Holden look it over intently , work the problem . curt nol no fuck way ! this be not happen ! it 's right there ! holden you get any climb gear , rope ? curt yeah , in my fuck dorm room ! holden we can not climb this . this ig limestone , it 's slippery and it x11 crumble under pressure . dana ( join they ) we can not go back . there 's no way across ? , holden not unless you can jump twenty foot . curt dude . holden what . ext . mountain tunnel - moment later angle on : curt 's dirtbike as the wheel spin in the dirt and the bike turn , curt revving it , get he nerve up . dana curt , be you sure about this ? curt I have do bigger jump than this . holden you have get a smooth run and maybe a five foot differential on the other side , which be good . but you gotta give it everything , curt you know it . gee 80 . dana curt ... he come down off he adrenaline kick for a& moment , look at she like the guy we know . curt you guy stay in the rambler . if they come , just keep drive away from ‘em , I will get help . if rt wipe out I 'il fuckin’ limp for help but I be come back with cop and chopper and large fuck gun and that thing be gonna pay . for Jules . a moment . dana kiss he on the cheek . he gun it . holden do not hold back . curt never do . he gun it and let co -_ wheel spin as he blast toward the edge , dana and Holden watch in fear and hope -- curt aail over the edge with great form , front wheel high , the arc be good -~ ~~ he slam into the invisible barrier and he bike explode -- dana yoo ! -- as he plummet straight down , scraping the electrical matrix so it appear by he all the way as he fall . dana ( cont ’d ) oh God , oh God ... holden ( freaking ) he hit something ! there 's nothing ! what would he hit ! dana ( softly , realize ) puppeteer .. , holden do you see it ? what would he hit ? mae 81 . dana marty be right . god. holden get in the van . dana marty be right ... int . the chamber - moment later the blood pour , this time onto the primitive figure of a muscular man with javelin and ball , int . rambler Holden gun the engine , swinging the rambler back down the dirt road , away from the tunnel . dana be oddly calm . dana you be go back . holden ( try to think } I be go through . we will just drive -- there 'a gotta be another road , another way out of here -- dana it will not work -- something will happen , it ' will collapse , or wash away -- holden then we will leave the road altogether , drive as far as we can into the forest , go on foot from there — — dana shake she head , really start to get it -- dana you be miss the point . her zombie-like fatality get to Holden . holden hey -- hey . look at I . she look at he . he hold she gaze , rock -solid -~ holden ( cont 'd ) this be not you fault . ( ) = 82. she actually laugh a little , which do not help . dana I know . it 's the puppeteer . holden please do not go nut on I , dana . you be all I get . she stare at he , eye soften . dana I be okay . holden good . ' Cause I need you calm . ( then ) no matter what happen ... we gotta stay calm . wssshlick -- a scythe tear through Holden 's throat from behind . blood splatter the windshield -- dana scream -- she glance hack to see -~ father buckner . he *s right behind they , have creep up from he hide place in the rambler . he growl as he try to dislodge he scythe from Holden 's throat -- shlock -- he pull it free -- arterial blood spray everywhere , all over dana — — _ dana continue to scream and scream as Holden 's hand instinctively clutch at he own throat -- the steering wheel spin uncheck -- wh- shlack -- Father buckner swing the scythe again , this time lodging it in the side of Holden 's head . Holden pitch forward , the rambler careen out of control , leap off the road and crash -- right into the lake . smash ! the front windshield shatter -- lake water come rush into the cab , blast dana straight back into she seat -- beside she , Holden continue to thrash -- he 's still alive -- Father buckner yank the scythe free , try to swing it again but the water blast he back to the rear of the rambler -- 83. Lake water fill the cab -- within a matter of second , they be completely submerge -- we be with dana as she scream , go under -- and everything go quiet . dana struggle underwater , panic in she eye as she look over and see Holden stare back at she . he 's still hold he throat -- blood pour from he wound -- dana fight to free herself from the seatbelt -- she shake she head , cry out underwater as she hold Holden 's gaze -- and we're close on holden as the life drain out of he . as he stare at dana , he hand go slack , blood gush from he throat , clouding the water around he until he disappear entirely ... ext . lake - night wide on the lare as the rest of the rambler sink below , the surface , disappear entirely from view . ( 3 } int . rambler / lake - night we be with dana as the rambler continue to sink , the van now perpendicular as it plummet straight down . she tumble upward , into the ceiling , towards the back . oe her hand reach out for anything , desperate to find purchase . her eye dart upward , fall on -- the ceiling hatch . it 's small -- a basic ventilation hatch , no more than a foot - and - a-half Square -- but now 's not the time to be picky . there 's a little bubble of air trap in there , and dana shove she face in it , gasp it greedily . it disappear as she do and she pull she head back , hold she breath again -- close on : father , smile in the dark water . he do not need to hold he breath . dana reach out , grab the crank , spin it around . ag the hatch swing open , she punch out the screen , squeeze she body through the hole . and just as she get ( about halfway through -- sane isin ie , o ase 84 , Father buckner grab she ankle . we be on dana as the sheer terror of it all hit she -— she 's stick half - in , half - out of a sink van with a derange zombie yanking at she leg . she thrashes with everything she 's get leave —- kick he as hard as she can in the face -- whack -_ knock he back she break free , rocket upward out of the hatch , towards the surface . beneath she , the van disappear into the inky darkness of the lake below ... dana kick for the int . control room - continuous and a beer break through the surface of the ice - water of the little cooler the boy have stashed by the console . sitterson toss it to hadley , pull out two more for lin and himself . hadley goddamn that be cloae . sitterson photo fuckin’ finish . but we be the champion -~ of the world . {to Truman ) tru ? he hold a beer up . Truman shake he head . truman I do not understand . we be celebrate ? lin they be celebrate . I be drink . he point to the big monitor , where on the screen we see a bloody , exhaust dana swim through the lake towards shore . truman she 's still alive . how can the ritual be complete ? hadley the virgin 's death be optional . as long as it 's last . ( watch the screen ) all that really matter ia that she suffer . 85 . sitterson step up beside he . watch dana on the screen . sitterson ( with genuine respect ) that she do . hadley ( watch screen ) I be actually root for she , believe it or not . ( other peek in ) the kid 's get spunk , which be more ~-— hey guy ! come on in ! as a few worker be at the door , hold out a bottle of tequila ... ext . dock - night elegiac music start to swell on the score . dana grab hold of the wooden dock -- it take every ounce of strength she 's get leave to pull herself up out of the ( ) lake . she roll on she back , gasp for air . - as she lay there stare up at the star , the score continue to swell . she gasp and gasp ... and we be close on her as the realization finally hit she -- she 's alive . she make it . she close she eye , thank god -- rm alive ... and just as she breathes a sigh of relief — ~ wham ! matthew' bear trap splinter the dock just millimeter from she head . dana scream , scramble back , see matthew loom over she , the crowbar still stick through he head . as he bear down on she -- int . control room -— continuous on the monitor -- we see dana fight for she life with Matthew . but with the notable exception of Truman , hadley be talk to couple of excited labcoater ... '' ee go as 86 . labcoat girl when the van hit the lake ? labcoat guy oh ! the zombie , the water rush in ... that 's primal terror . hadley ( wistful ) woulda be cooler with a merman ... sitterson head towards the demolition guy . sitterson you ! yoouuuu ! knucklehead almost give I a heart - attack with that tunnel ! demo # 1 ( in no mood ) that be not we fault . sitterson I be just give you a hard time , ( to demo # 2 } c’merea you -- let 's have a hug -- demo # 2 no , seriously . that be not on we . there be a unauthorize power re-route from upstairs . sitterson stop mid-drink , frown . wait -- sitterson what do you mean , '' upstairs '' ? brrrring . just then , a pierce ring fill the air . sitterson 's face fall -- he eye dart towards the back of the room where -- a single red telephone sit on the wall . brrring . as one , the crowd go quiet . sitterson look to hadley -- they lock eye , color drain from they face -- oh . shit. hadley swallow , move towards the phone -- hadley ( dead serious ) turn that fuck music off , someone stop the music . the worker glance at each other , tense . brrring . hadley grab hold of the phone , take a deep breath , then answer it — — 87 . hadley ( cont ’d ) ( into phone ) hello sir , ( listen , then ) that 's impossible -- everything be within guideline and the virgin be the only -- ( wince ) no no -- of course I be not doubting you , sir , it 's just -- hadley 's face fall as he eye dart up to the viewscreen , hadley ( cont 's D ) ( into phone , quietly ) which one ? ext . dock - night wham ! dana 's body hit the dock hard . Matthew 's bear trap shatter the wood beside she -- the dock 's now in splinter . dana looka terrible ~- she 's sopping wet , batter and bloody , clearly , Matthew 's be kick the hell out of she . dada can not even stand -- tear in she eye , she try to crawl away —- she see a break dock plank beside she -- maybe it can be use as weapon -- she reach out for it -— and Matthew step down on she arm . dana cry out ... as she try to struggle , Matthew bear down ... we be with dana as she realize there 's nothing she can do ... she 's a8 good as dead ... wwhh -ching -- a bong catch the chain from behind . let it wrap around and yank it back -- Matthew jerk in surprise -- he stumble backwards , crash down to the dock -- dana roll to she foot , look back to see -~ marty . - ) ik '' 3 ae . his clothes be douse in blood , the wound on he back look pretty nasty ... but he 's still breathe . dana can not believe she eye -- dana marty ! but this be no time for tearful reunion . Matthew 's already struggle to hia foot beside they -- marty dana -- get away ! but she do not run . as Matthew yanke he chain from marty 's grasp , dana grab hold of the dock plank beside she . she swing it with all she might right at Matthew -- crack ! it hit he Square in the face -- he pitch backwards right off the dock -- splash -- into the lake . dana join marty and they be at a dead run . sploosh ! Matthew re-emerges from the lake . start move through the water . right towards they , marty ( conp ’d ) cmon -~ ext . cabin - night dana and marty race towards the cabin . behind they , we can see Matthew emerge from the lake , follow they -- dana where be we go ? wham ! up ahead , the front door of the cabin fly open . frame in the doorway be mother buckner . dana and marty both jump , scared . as mother buckner step out onto the Porch , marty pull dana to the side -- marty this way --~ they bolt around the side of the house , head towards the back . mother buckner follow ... .) fete oe ( 9 '' ay 89 . ext . cabin / forest - night ~~ marty and dana race around the corner of the cabin . marty head straight for the treeline . up ahead — _ we see the edge of the ' grave 's judah drag marty into earlier , dana marty -- wait -- sccerrr ... dana look over , see mother buckner round the corner of the cabin . dragging she see by she side ... marty dana , c’mon -- dana ( to marty ) we be go in there ? shlop ... shlop ... the sound of Matthew 's wet footstep ring out as he come around the other side of the cabin . marty I need you to keep the faith right now , sister ~~ fwish -- in the forest up ahead , patience buckner break through the treeline . on dana -- as she see mother , Matthew , and patience all close in on she . she 's trap . she know it . so it take she all of one second to make the decision -- marty kneel by the hole in the ground and open it further like a storm door . on top , sod and leave , underneath , smooth , clean metal . look apprehensive , dana slide in and marty slam the door shut on top of they . we stay outside , look down , hold on the door in the earth for a beat . and then -- patience buckner slide down the embankment . she awkwardly try to paw at the metal door with she one hand . and as she scratch at the metal , she let out a chill cry of zombie frustration -- patience mwwrrrooraarrr -— 90 . int . underground space - continuous the sound of dana 's breath echoe off the metal wall of this small , dark chamber . it 's only tall enough to crouch in , but a good twelve foot by twelve foot , with a square metal door in the middle of the floor . the light in the room come from a panel in the metal that 's be popped out , a few glow cable behind , include a couple that have be mess with . as dana look more closely ... dana what be this place ? she step on something soft , jerk back as she realize it 's judah 's mewl face . he 's be completely dismember and pile up in the corner , but he bit still twitch . marty yeah , I hadda dismember that guy with a trowel . what have you be up to ? she look at he , bewilder and despair . marty ( cont ’d ) nobody else , huh ? she shake she head . marty ( cont ’d ) I figure . dana you figure everything . marty not even close , but I do know some stuff . as in : he go to the door in the floor and slide it open . she look down : it 's a small metal elevator . two side be thick glass , but they be up against the metal shaft so tight you might not even tell . marty ( cont 'd ) it 's a elevator . somebody send this dead fuck up to get we . there 's no control inside but there 's maintenance override in there . I be play around . I think I can make it go down . dana do we wanna go down ? a mm as as 91 . marty where else we gonna go ? a beat , and she scramble down into it as he move to the open panel . marty ( cont ’d ) get ready -- the timing on this might be pretty tight . int . elevator - continuous she move against the wall , look up . marty flick a switch and slide right into the hole as the elevator whir to life and the door start slide shut . he barely make it -- and one of judah 's arm fall in with he , the two of they do the get-away - from - it dance even as they brace themselves against the sudden plummet . marty ( kick it to the side ) ab! fuckin 's zombie arm ! the elevator start down -- not too fast -- and it be shake by another tremor . ext . wood - continuous the tremor rock patience as well . at its height , we hear metal scraping and the hatch grind open a sliver . patience look at it , she head cocked curiously . int . elevator - continuous it seem to go down a good long while -- then joltingly stop . they look at each other -- nothing open -- then it start move again ... marty be we move sideways ? dana be lean against the glase when the elevator suddenly come abreast of another elevator , also with a thick glass wall , and stop -- [ 7 _@ ravenous werewolf leap at she as she turn -- she jump back as it hit the glass , claw at it and drool . marty stare in incomprehension . 92 . marty ( cont ’d ) so , no ... both of they press up against the opposite wall -- ang the elevator move sideways again , revealing a gigeresque 8 the elevator be jerk down -- then sideways , revealing this time one on each side . dana see : a little girl ina rag ballerina outfit ( not a tutu , but a limp , tear skirt ) . she have no face , just a ceircle - mouth with a ring of tooth , marty see : a stare man in a long , leather , futuristic coat . he 's dead white , have no hair and buzzsaw stick in he head in a neat row . his arm be ringed with barb wire stick in deep . he be grin at marty and hold a flow p sphere almost rr , CC in the cellar . ' 2 dana ( realize ) we choose , .. marty ( look over at hers ) what ? the elevator move back down into darkness . dana in the cellar . all that shit we be play with ... they make we choose , ( beat ) they make we choose how we die . the incomprehension build in she and she punch the glass . it do not make a crack but she keep go , pound away with both fist like a prize- fighter go for body blow —- marty try to hold she and she scream , thrashing as we drop back wide to see : a endless array of elevator . move around like a 3 - D puzzle , like Charlie 's great Glass Elevator , like '' cube '' , monster ( many of they like the one we have see ) in every single one . it 's the costco of death . of ) a 93. int . control room - continuous everyone have clear out except Wendy and we hero three . she 's in the lower part , on console , earpiece in . the man be go through every part of the building on they screen , move fast and frighten . sitterson watch nine constantly change view of monster in elevator , look for the kid . sitterson ( into com ) we see they go down the access drop , they have to be in one of this ! Internal security should be able to -- I do not care if that 's not protocol ! be you fuck high ? hadley , over this , be look at hall and stairwell , ( many of they be sweep by security team ) , also talk on a earpiece : hadley it 's the stonert nol you can not touch the girl -- if he outlivea she all this go to hell ! take he out first . lin ( to the guy ) clean - up say the prep team miss one of the kid 's stashes . whatever he 's be smoking have be immunize he to all we shit . hadley how do that help we right now ? ( into com ) what ? yes . if you have a confirm kill you can take she out too . truman there ! he 's look at the elevator screen . sitterson freeze they from change , then put they screen on all nine . sitterson thirty six oh six , gotchya , . hadley bring ‘em down . oe srr 94 . int . elevator - continuous marty be hold dana , who 's breathe hard but calm , as the elevator go down . the elevator stop and the door open into a sort of lobby . instantly a guard be step one foot in , gun at they head . dana be a little in front of marty , stand exhaust , haunt , she knuckle -- and much else of she -- bloody . guard out of the elevator ! ( beat ) step out of the elevator ! dana why be you try to kill we ? guard step out ! just the girl ! dana just I ? guard Da itl he move forward and judah 's arm grab he foot . he wig , shoot at it . dana take the moment to rush he -- int . lobby - continuous push he back -- he lift the gun and marty knock the guard 's arm so he gun point straight at he own chin -- it go off ... the guard fall against the wall , clutching at he bloodspurt as marty take the gun . marty ( ala '' lassie '' : ) good work , zombie arm ! they look around . there be eight elevator well , four on each side , with a corridor turn behind from which we can hear the tromp of approach guard . on the other side be a small guard station , which this dead fellow presumably come out of , since the door be ajar . the guard station have glass along the top half , as thick and unbreakable as the elevator 's , nce 95 . as the kid get they bearing , a voice come over a loudspeaker in the hall . it 's a good system , and the voice be surprisingly intimate . the director ( v.o. ) this be all most unpleasant . they look around , see hide speaker , not sure what . to do . the director ( cont ’d ) ( v.0 . ) I know you can hear I . I hope you 'il listen . marty make a motion to dana — — do not speak . the director ( cont 'd ) ( v.0 . ) you will not get out of this complex alive . what I want you to try to understand be that you must not . you death will avert countless other , int . conprol room - continuous hadley and sitterson listen as well . on they screen , we see marty and dana in a corridor -- and a swat - lookin 's team creep down another . the director ( v.0 . ) you have see horrible thing : a army of nightmare creature . and they be real . int . guard station / lobby ~- continuous the director ( v.0 . ) but they be nothing compare to what lie beneath we . the kid see the shadow of the approach guard -- look around for escape , the director ( cont 's D ) ( v.0 . ) there be a great good , and for that you must be sacrifice . forgive we ... and let we end it quickly . 8 96 . marty pull at dana , hand she the trowel as they head to the empty guard station , int . guard station / lobby — continuous they be close the door behind they when it be pepper with gunfire . they slam it shut and lock it , keep low even though the glass be not even crack yet . marty look up : the lobby be full of approach guard -- swat - look guy who keep a steady pound of bullet come . dana look at the console in here , realization dawn on she : angle : the console control all the elevator . and there 's a button that say '' purge '' , dana a army of nightmare , huh ? she look at the guard , at marty . back at the console . dana . ( cont ’d ) let 's get this Party start . she hit '' purge '' . in the hall , the sound of the elevator be audible . the lead guard hold he fist up . lead guard hold fire ! hold fire ! they finally do , and there 's a moment of quiet . angle : down the hall . we can see every elevator door open , but not what 's inside . another moment as the man between turn to look . Werewolves , alien , mutant and robot pour out of the elevator at crazy speed , decimate the man even as they begin to fire , it 's a warzone in @ second . angle : running down the adjoining hall with the next group of guard , they turn the corner to see horrible Chaos ~- and the door open again , the next batch of horror sweeping out directly at they . 97 . angle : dana and marty be sit with they back against the wall , listen to all manner of scream and weird sound and thing bump or smear against the window above . int . various : as the carnage continue : angle : from inside a elevator as it open , and a alien rocket out at the guard turn to we and fire . angle : in a corridor a guard run from a float , scream witch , who grab he head and mystically suck the life out of it . int . control room - a bit later there be chaos on every screen . Wendy be silent and near tear . Truman have he weapon at the ready . hadley and sitterson be still work . sitterson why be not the defense work ? where 's the fuck gas ? hadley something chew through the connection , in the utility shaft . sitterson something which ? hadley something scary ! the light go out , the screen go dead . and something hit the door hard enough to buckle it . int . guard station / lobby - continuous the two be still cower when something smashes though the glass and into the wall across . it start unfurl ... it 's a dragonbat . dana shit ! she make for the door , marty right behind . they open it and head out , keep low . 98. unbelievable screech . '' xagonbat launch itself right at guard station . they bolt , turn ted e@lerenton : into a labcoat guy who pass they : * corner they come from -~ and get = dragonbat that he and it smash net bla et hara wy throug : the wall . the dragonbat pull he back , eat he entrail , and dana look at the hole in the wall . there be a stone corridor beyond , different than any of the rest of this place . older . marty be watch the corridor -- a couple of flesh -— eat Zomby be slowly come toward they -- and dana grab he arm , pull he into the stone corridor and down it . ani . various and more carnage : angle : a clown take bullet hit after bullet hit as it lumber forward , knife in hand . angle : a werewolf tear out a man 's throat with its tooth , as in the background a unicorn slam its horn repeatedly into the guard up against a wall , blood spurting on its lovely unicorn mane . int . control room -— continuous the door be off its hinge , smoke fill the dark room . hadley have a submachine gun from a slide drawer of weapon under he console . he 's look down into the Space and fire cover shot into the smoky room as sitterson be work the key-pad of a secure trapdoor hide under the carpet . Wendy lin stand over he , terrify . @ my 99 . hadley running out of time ! sitterson it 's on emergency lockdown ! I be bypass ... Truman 's grenade explosion knock hadley off the edge and into the main space , lose in the smoke . lin hadley ! sitterson I be close I be close I be close -- angle : hadley be on he back , daze , when he heara something slurping toward he in the smoke . he look to see the merman , black fin and dorsal like a whale , black soaking hair , black eye -- everything else as white as he razor- sharp tooth . he put a webbed hand on hadley 's throat as hadley realize he 's about to be kill by a mexman -- hadley oh , come on ! and it bite he face off . angle : sittersgn and lin be concentrate on the trapdoor , we hear a ' ping 's -- sitterson get it ! sitterson swing the heavy stone door up as a tentacle wrap around lin and whip she up out of frame . sitterson dive into the hole and pull the door shut over he . int . hidden corridor - continuous sitterson race down a ladder and around the corner -- and right into dana 's trowel . he look at she , confuse by the blade in hig chest . she look stricken , he see marty come up behind she , turn to she as he sink ... . sitterson please ... kill he ... and die at she foot , trowel still in he . es can 100 . ( 2 marty come on . we have to find a way out before everything else find a way in . she 's look down at sitterson . marty ( cont 'd ) dana ! she look up at he . he hold out the gun . marty ( cont 'd ) here . it 's easier with this . she take the gun and do seem to gain some measure of calm from it . start down the hall -- and down a long stone staircase , take point , gun hold out . int . the chamber — continuous marty and dana enter quickly , dana hold the gun , the camera circle they as they turn , look at the five stone slab , then arming up to see they be stand on a mosaic of the aymbol sitterson wear . ( 2 except at the stair , the @dge of the stone do not reach the wall . the two of they look over tha edge to sae a space of maybe four foot across that go all the way down into darkness . but there be the sense of something move in that darkness . the kid draw back from it . marty no way out . dana look at this . ( turn slowly ) five of they . marty what be they ? dana us. a whirring sound accompany a spill of light as a small circular hatch open in the center of the mosaic and up come the director ( kind of like luke in '' Empire '' when he enter the cryogenic chamber to fight vader . ) he be older , distinguished , wear a black suit , grey shirt , no collar , no tie , and grey glove . he 's calm , ( almost affectionate , . the 101 . the director that 's quite right . dana ( to marty ) I should have see it like you do . all of this : the old guy at the gas station , the out of control behavior , the monster ... this be part of a ritual . the director the oldest . marty a ritual sacrifice ? great ! you tie someone to a stone , get a fancy dagger and a buncha robe ... it 's not that complicated ! dana no , it 's simple . they do not just wanna see we kill , they want to gee we punish . marty punish for what ? the director ( shrugging ) for baing young ? it 's different for every culture . and it change over the year , but it 's very specific . there must be at least five , he point to one of the carving : it 's @ woman stand erect , hold open she robe , she naked body reveal . the director ( cont ’d ) the Whore , dana ( mutter ) that word ... the director she be corrupt , she die first . ( point to the other carving ) the athlete . the scholar . the fool . all suffer and die , at the hand of the horror they have raise , leave the last , to live or die as fate decide . ( more ) ee J * 102 . the director ( cont 'd ) ( point to the last slab , look at dana ) the virgin . dana ( snort ) me? virgin ? marty dude , she 's a homewrecker ! the director we work with what we have . marty what happen if you do not pull it off ? the director they awaken . dana who do ? what 's beneath we ? the director tha god . the bleep god ; the giant it . they fight for a billion year and now they sleep . in every gountry , for every culture , there be a god to appease . as long as one sleep , they all do . but the other ritual have all fail . there be a great rumbling -- they all stagger a bit , and silt sift down from the ceiling . as it subside ... the director ( cont ’d ) the sun will rise in eight minute . ( to marty ) if you live to see it , the world will end . neither of they question the truth of it . they stare at he a moment . marty maybe that 's the way it ought to be . maybe it 's time for a change . the director we be not talk about change . we be talk about the agonizing death of every human soul on the Planet . ( to martohe , naas oq , the director ( cont 'd ) include you . you can die with they . or you can die for they . marty gosh , they be both so entice ... he look over to dana to see that she be point the gun at hin . marty ( cont 'd ) wow . dana marty ... the whole world .. . the director ( to dana ) there be no other way . you have to be strong . marty yeah , dana . you feel strong ? dana , I be aorry . marty so be I . a werewolf leapa at she from the stair and tear into she ! the gun go fly as she fall to the ground , try to pull the beast off she . the director and marty both move for the gun , and struggle themselves , but marty finally get hold of it -- knock the director to the floor -~ and without hesitation put three bullet into the werewolf , send it screeching back up the stair . dana roll over , eye wild , blood everywhere . the director rise and tackle marty . they wrestle on the floor , the gun just out of reach , the edge of the abyss by they head . as they fight , dana breathes heavily by the stair , unable to rise . she look over as two small foot shamble by she , in old , dirty shoe , the edge of a tatter gingham dress swinging above the ankle . marty get on top of the director and push he forearm against he windpipe . his back be to the girl . dana marty ... the director on top of he just as patience swing she hatchet , bury it in the back of the director 's skull . another tremor and marty kick the director over the edge of the circle . patience , unwilling to let go she hatchet , go over with he . marty watch they a moment , then limp over to the stair , another , bigger tremor make he pause , but it subside and he slump in the corner next to dana . she 's breathe shallow , tear stream from she eye , but she 's pretty alert . marty hey . dana you know ... I do not think ... curt even have a cousin . marty huh . how be you ? dana go away ... marty I be sorry . dana I be so sorry I almost shot you ... 1 probably would not have ... marty hey , shh , no ... I totally get it . as he continue , he light up a joint . marty ( cont ’d ) I be sorry I let you get attack by a werewolf and then end the world . he take a drag and hold it out to she . with a shakey hand , she take it and drag on it herself . dana nahh , you be right . humanity ... ( blow out smoke in a cynical ' pfft 's ) it 's time to give someone else a chance . 105 . marty giant evil god . dana wish I coulda see ‘em . marty I know ! that would be a fun weekend . biggest rumble yet . the floor start bulg , erack , as dust and debris cloud the screen . dana hold out she hand . marty put he in it . squeeze it . they hold a moment . a explosion of debris from below obliterate the chamber . ext . cabin - dawn we be wide on the cabin as a gnarled hand , bigger than the house and on a arm a hundred foot long , shoot up from the crust of the earth . the_end