buckaroo banzai by Earl Mac rauch shoot script revise third draft March 30 , 1983 becherman / canton-richter buckaroo banzai card over ... white letter on a dark background : freedom of information act classify file # 2tc1695 dept. of Defense 3 - 1 -50 through 8-31-53 re : Project sawtooth fade in : ext . SMALL TEXAS town - day 1 beside a 1950 Ford , a quartet of elite intellectual pose playfully ... dress in the local custom of boot and cowboy hat , the tow oriental men , a caucasian man , and a caucasian woman squint into the hot sun and then down at the jiggling home movie camera , the operator lopsided ... narrator the advent of the Soviet nuclear capability usher in a dangerous phase of the cold War as the decade of the 1950s loom . stung by this Soviet challenge and the rapid race to develop ever more sophisticated weapon , the United States resurrect maverick Professor toichi hikita 's work in electromagnetic particle acceleration ... despite the dismal record of failure that have dogge the project . toichi hikita , one of the group , walk forward , take the camera from its present operator , a four- year - old child ... a little boy in chap and cowboy hat who now join the other adult , in particular caucasian woman and the elder Oriental man who pick he up and hug he ... narrator Doctor masado banzai , preeminent japanese quantum theorist , declare himself anxious to work for the ally . enamor of the great american West , banzai sire a precocious son and tag the tiny child " buckaroo . " a tribute to he adopt homeland . ext . test site - day 2 a strange two -man speed vehicle ready for takeoff ... the first " pilot " in the cockpit Dr. banzai himself : narrator and thus give a second chance after he secret pre-war laboratory disaster at Princeton , Doctor hikita find new life at the Texas School of mine , where he assemble a team of crack scientist willing to gamble he 's right in he bold assertion that man can indeed pass unharme through solid matter . the second " pilot , " a fair- haire caucasian : 3 narrator Sir Alan motley of Cambridge , a brainy , affable limey , co-developer with whitehead and Lord Russell of the world 's most advanced theoretical gravity catapult ... 4 the fourth scientist , the female caucasian , busy with last - minute detail , secure the two pilot in they seat , check they instrument data , write on a clipboard ... narrator Dr. Sandra banzai , Texas -born pioneer in negative mass propulsion ... wife of Dr. masado banzai . ... as the four- year - old buckaroo banzai now approach the speed machine and give he father a good - bye kiss ... Dr. banzai say something to the boy , buckaroo bow respectfully , as he father and mother exchange last- minute assurance ... the cockpit canopy come down , and Sandra banzai tug a reluctant little buckaroo toward a sandbagge shelter ... ext . sandbags - day 5 ... where Professor hikita sit at a bank of monitoring equipment , Sandra banzai and buckaroo enter the enclosure as ... ... a sudden noise cause Sandra banzai to turn in fear , the bizarre speed machine 's motor whining at a astonish rpm , blinding GREEN flame engulfing its cockpit ... ext . test site - day 6 ... Sandra banzai rush toward the sheet - metal vehicle through smoke and GREEN flame as she husband and Sir Alan both struggle to get out ... 7 ... buckaroo run after he mother who attempt to help the scientist free themselves when suddenly the child be throw to the ground and protect by Professor hikita 's own body ... as the experimental car vaporize in a flash of emerald GREEN light ! the screen go white , a launch countdown beginning under a somber card : today thirty year later voice of mission control T minus five hundred and count . phaser positive . latch compressor . int . blockhouse - day 8 close on a older , wiser professor hikita : prof . hikita power source output , zero-zero-niner . multi-stage axial compressor latch . ext . jet car - proving ground - day 9 one hundred yard from a concrete blockhouse , a series of mysterious closeup of a unusual strategic automobile sit ready to roll , as technician in asbestos suite fill its tank with highly flammable fuel . int . blockhouse - day 10 prof . hikita fuel pressure , 1800 torr . oxygenation . ... amid television screen , monitoring device ... a elite assortment of government vip , military men , and news media representatives stand by ... 11 ... one such observer , general catburd , a aide approach , whisper unpleasant news in he ear ... general catburd you be kid . where be he ? still in the hospital ? the aide shrugging , the General lean over to a nervous man sit next to he ... secretary of defense mckinley . general catburd banzai have not show yet , Mr. Secretary . look like he 's get cold foot . another angle . two of buckaroo 's man , reno and perfect tommy , sit with they boot on a computer console . perfect tommy better see what 's keepin ' the boss , reno . reno why I ? ... a attractive network tv anchorwoman head this way ... perfect tommy ' Cause I be busy . and get you clodhopper off the univac . int . operating room - day 13 the eye of doctor buckaroo banzai , the rest of he face hidden by a surgical mask ... such concentration . int . surgical scrub room - day 14 ... a phone ringing , a nurse answer it , then : nurse rawhide , it 's for you . jacketless , a sinister pistol visible in the tool leather shoulder holster , rawhide take the receiver . rawhide I will ask he . ( into he go - fone ) buckaroo , I need a estimate . they be get antsy over at Mission Control . int . operating room - day 15 buckaroo banzai speak into he go - fone : buckaroo banzai another ten minute down here , rawhide . revealing doctor banzai , the great surgeon , surround by a well - oile team of physician and nurse ... he steady , miraculously skilled hand work a laser knife on the brain of a patient sit clamp in a serious chair . int . surgical scrub room - day 16 rawhide ( into phone ) the chief need ten more minute . I get the chopper wait . do not start without we . int . blockhouse - day 17 perfect Tommy still lean back in he swivel chair , smile at the blonde tv anchorwoman , wait for she cameraman to set up ... tv anchorwoman so where 's buckaroo ? perfect tommy ( a wry smile ) whadda you need buckaroo for ? the anchorwoman catch he drift , smile , know perfect Tommy perhaps intimately ... perfect Tommy glance across the crowded room at reno raise ten finger ... perfect tommy unschedule surgery . he will be waltzing along momentarily . what be you do tonight ? tv anchorwoman ( pick up he hat ) Flying to Cambodia . perfect Tommy frown severely as she try on he stetson , the anchorwoman promptly get the message and put it back down . perfect tommy that 's why I wear a fifty dollar hat . be a two hundred dollar hat , I hadda kill you . tv anchorwoman Bet you say that to all the girl , perfect Tommy . perfect tommy Bet I do . int . surgical scrub room - day 18 another STAR surgeon , scrubbing for a operation next door now peek at he wrist watch tv : close on the tiny tv : a image of the jet car ... 19 angle on ... 20 STAR surgeon Jesus Christ ...how do the man find enough hour in the day ? rawhide we help . the surgeon curious , study the big tv monitor , rawhide sense a explanation be in order : rawhide Dr. banzai 's use a laser to fuse artificial nerve fiber to the original , bypass massive stroke damage . a subcutaneous microphone 's gonna allow the patient to transmit verbal instruction to he own brain . STAR surgeon what , like " raise my leave arm " ? rawhide or " throw the harpoon , " depend on cultural difference . people be gonna come from all over . this guy 's a eskimo . int . operating room - day 21 buckaroo wind down the surgery . a brilliant but erratic jewish physician at he side whisper through a mask ... jewish physician okay ...right ... okay , I see ... next time I will be able to ... buckaroo banzai there may not be a next time . jewish physician look ... I be sorry ... call for help in the middle of a operation ... but I just lose my nerve ... I panicked ... again . buckaroo pick a nikon up off a table , snap some picture of he handiwork ... buckaroo banzai you have get the god-given tool to be a success in any field of endeavor , Dr. Zwibel . ever think about join I full - time ? jewish physician ( dr . zwibel ) be you serious ? have you have a open ? buckaroo banzai can you sing ? dr . zwibel a little . I can dance . buckaroo glance at the clock on the wall ... int . blockhouse - day 22 prof . hikita inertial Control positive . T minus seven zero and resume count . mission control all system righteous . Professor hikita say we have to go . General catburd and other vip happy to observe on they tv monitor the sight of a man in black commando parachute suit , carry a batter old briefcase , climb into the cockpit of ... the jet car . int . jet car - day the driver be Pov , a curious combination of airplane dial and switch and personal touch like a big four-on - the-floor gear shift and a snazzy pearlize brodi knob with snowflake and a coochi-coochi girl ... 24 angle on the driver as he remove a strange gryoscopic device from he briefcase , plug it into a cradle near he head ... int . blockhouse - day 25 Professor hikita stand at a special monitor as a light pop on , indicate " overthruster armed " .... he cover it with a hanky ... ext . jet car - day 26 ... all quiet suddenly , the car poise , wait ... int . blockhouse - day 27 General catburd grab some coffee and doughnut ... the Secretary of Defense peer out through a view slot ... general catburd I have get a budget meeting on the hill , John . what 's this thing suppose to do anyway ? senator cunningham Three hundred mile a hour , General . general catburd Senator , you be so fulla shit . secretary of defense May not ... ext . jet car - day 28 the jet car undergo a amazing transformation : two stabilizer fin and a jet engine suddenly appear on its rear deck ... int . jet car - day 29 close on the driver to reveal buckaroo banzai , world famous figure in every field of endeavor as he withdraw a beautiful kamikaze scarf from he flight suit ... wrap it like a warrior 's headband around he helmet ... 30 angle on buckaroo 's hand as he finger flip a row of toggle switch , the pulsating power of the jet engine increasing dramatically with each successive switch ... the vehicle a cage beast , taunting we , as buckaroo flip the last switch ... buckaroo banzai final contact be make . ext . jet car - day 31 no kid . a twenty foot sheet of FIRE rocketing from the back of the jet car ... then another ... then another ... int . blockhouse - day 32 the Cavaliers at they monitor , calm ... hikita make minor adjustment on he instrument bank ... the Secretary of Defense and General catburd both now at view slot in the blockhouse wall ... prof . hikita Point of no return ... five , four , three , two ... int . jet car - day 33 prof . hikita's voice ...one . as buckaroo banzai twist he steering - wheel mount twin accelerator , the sudden forward lurch of the jet car slamm he back against the headrest ... ext . proving ground - day 34 the jet car blasting off ! more FIRE ! more smoke ! int . blockhouse - day 35 technician and vip eye they monitor . 36 and so do we : the rugge jet car raise a cloud of dust , view from high above we it blast ahead ! angle on 37 general catburd too bad war be not Indianapolis . it 's fast , I will give banzai that . senator cunningham perhaps a idea whose time have come , General ? scoot over . catburd move aside as Senator cunningham take she turn with the view device . general catburd it will never work . it 's too simple . int . helicopter - day 38 high overhead , manned by a tv news crew . 39 a over-the-cameraman's shoulder Pov as the jet car' exhaust trail choke the landscape below ... int . jet car - day 40 buckaroo's Pov as the highway race underneath he ... int . blockhouse - day 41 all eye glue to that tv monitor , rawhide and reno watch ... perfect Tommy slapping he hand on the desk . tv anchorwoman now twenty second downrange ... perfect Tommy , how on earth be buckaroo able to keep that thing on the ground ? perfect tommy she 's just a damn road hugger , allison . plus the man can drive . ext . proving ground - day 42 talk about a road hugger ... the jet car scream past a bank of high speed cameras ... the earth shaking ... int . blockhouse - day 43 prof . hikita approach thirty second downrange Three zero . course steady . speed three one seven nautical - four hundred ... secretary of defense he 's gonna do it ! the man be gonna do it ! general catburd so what ? Big deal . anybody can drive fast in a straight line . int . jet car - day 44 ... as if in response to catburd 's comment , buckaroo do a amazing thing , now flicking he directional signal ... ext . jet car - day 45 leaving the pave surface for OPEN terrain ! begin intercutting blockhouse and jet car ... int . jet car - day 46 a FIRE break out on a dashboard gauge , buckaroo quickly snuffing the SPARKS with he glove hand ... danger light flashing ! ext . jet car - day 47 ... as awesome physical pressure take they tool on car and driver ... int . blockhouse - day 48 prof . hikita buckaroo , do you read ? mission control advise you abort . over. repeat : advise abort . int . jet car - day 49 buckaroo banzai that 's a big " no can do " . int . blockhouse - day 50 buckaroo 's voice through static and crackle . Professor hikita white - knuckle ... determine . int . jet car - day 51 buckaroo still accelerate , struggle with he mighty machine ... fierce vibration , oil and smoke fill the cockpit ... as he wipe hot oil off he goggle ... int . helicopter - day 52 in the network helicopter , a newsman and camerman catch this shocking turn of event : 53 there Pov of ... the jet car flame along across the desert . a sonic boom ! int . blockhouse - day 54 a tv monitor ... a helicopter shot revealing that the course thus far travel by buckaroo be on FIRE , the ground literally set ablaze by the incredible speed of he jet car : angle on : 55 tv anchorwoman the jet car off the road ! Radio contact with Mission Control here severe ... that firestorm apparently interfere with communication ... buckaroo banzai in serious trouble . general catburd either that or he 's pop he cookie . Professor hikita , on pin and needle , face teach , concerned . mission control Mach 1 . buckaroo ! do you read ? commence brake procedure ! over ! secretary of defense he 's head for the goddamn mountain ! mission control eject , buckaroo ! eject ! buckaroo hear faintly in a STORM of noise ... speak japanese ... senator cunningham Professor hikita , what would he say ? prof . hikita ( quizzical ) he say , " this Bud 's for you , Professor . " what do that mean ? 56 on the monitor the jet car be see head directly into a box canyon and toward a wall of mountain , impact virtually assure . angle on : 57 general catburd look like banzai 's finally gonna get more than he bargain for . and take the friend of the Earth with he . rawhide and reno exchange very concerned glance ... int . jet car - day 58 buckaroo banzai peer out he thick glass window . buckaroo's Pov : the side of a mountain close fast ... 59 60 angle on buckaroo 's hand move to a switch on the dash mark oscillation overthurster , remain there , pose . reverse on buckaroo : eye on he instrument . 61 another angle on buckaroo hit the overthruster ... 62 63 buckaroo's Pov ... the face of the mountain rushing up into frame ! collision a pico second away ! int . mission control room - day 64 all instrument lose contact with the jet car ! jaw drop in disbelief . close on monitor : the jet car simply gone , vanished into thin AIR ... 65 angle on : 66 mission control it 's off my scope ! general catburd what the devil ? what be go on ?! int . jet car 67 buckaroo's cockpit Pov ... like a roller coaster ride through a meteor shower - the eighth dimension , a organic asteroid hurtling right at US emitting strange static electrical charge ... monstrous ... red ... ghastly ! 68 reverse angle . look directly at buckaroo as he face distort under god-know -how - many G-forces ... where the hell be he ?! his plexiglas visor shatter as if hit with a two - by-four . cockpit Pov ... buckaroo 's windshield crackling and the cockpit turning red . 69 70 close on dashboard : wildly spin dial , buckaroo punch the oscillation overthruster again , amid fire and smoke ! int . helicopter - test range - day 71 the tv crew in they fancy helicopter first to witness a astounding sight . 72 there Pov : the jet car emerging from solid rock as though the craggy mountain be mush ! close on : 73 helicopter newsman ( in apoplexy ) he 's through it ! he 's go through the mountain without a scratch ! oh , my God ! oh , my God in Heaven ! int . mission control - day 74 a overjoy Professor hikita , surround by chaos and confusion , throw both arm skyward in triumph ... prof . hikita banzai ! int . jet car - down range - day 75 fifty mile downrange , buckaroo try to slow the speed , smoke - fill jet car . ext . jet car - day 76 a parachute pop out its back , at once rip off in the high velocity wind ... int . jet car - day 77 buckaroo banzai chute negative . I be gonna try and lay she sideways . 78 another angle as he reach for the hand brake and simultaneously spin he brodi knob hard to the right ! ext . middle of nowhere - day 79 buckaroo do the impossible , somehow bring the racing jet car to a spin , skid halt in a thicket of dry brush ! as overhead that network helicopter circle ... ext . jet car - day 80 the batter jet car , exhaust smoke , buckaroo roll its window down , open the door and emerge , check the damage to he vehicle , note a strange gelatinous substance on the crack windshield , touch it and turn he nose from the smell ... he glove steaming ! the news copter landing in the distance . 81 82 angle on buckaroo as he lower himself under the jet car , come face - to -face with one ugly spherical parasite , the thing suddenly shoot out at buckaroo as he 's about to touch it ... a mobile phone start to beep back in the cockpit ... the parasite come to rest on the ground ... dead ? int . blockhouse - day 83 pandemonium , people cheer ... General catburd on the phone ... general catburd this he frequency ? nobody 's home . ext . jet car - day 84 buckaroo ignore the phone , take he lunch bag from the front seat and remove a sandwich , take a bite of it , and use the foil to pick up the bizarre parasite from the desert floor ... wrapping the weird thing up ... now at last reach for the car phone ... int . blockhouse - day 85 secretary of defense ( take the phone ) gimme that ! you tell I , buckaroo , what in the hell be this go - through - solid-matter - and rendering - all - conventional - defense - perimeter - useless - over - night bullshit ? but now Professor hikita snatching the phone from the Secretary , turn he back to the room ! prof . hikita buckaroo ! do you seem they ? do you ? ext . jet car - day 86 buckaroo lean in to check he gauge , talk on he telephone . two figure from the news copter approach , still a hundred yard off ... buckaroo banzai see them ? they about have I and the whole damn car for breakfast . break my windshield ... int . blockhouse - day 87 prof . hikita ( into phone ) the creature ? they attack you ? they try to possess you ? general catburd creature ? ( grab the phone ) buckaroo , catburd here . I get egg all over my face , but that 's okay . no room for ego here . we be all Americans and I wanna buy that thing of yours . what 's it gonna run I ? prof . hikita not for sale . general catburd I be not talk to you , hikita san . ... as the Secretary of Defense pick up a red phone ... secretary of defense this will be the President of I ? perfect Tommy and reno suddenly step forward , intimidating catburd ... perfect tommy she 's not for sale , right , General ? int . home for criminally insance - day 88 close on the haunt , unsettle eye of doctor lizardo , a orange - haire old man watch network footage of the jet car test on he batter philco tv set ... he eye practically burn a whole through the screen ... ... pulling back to reveal a room in a insane asylum , a room design for several inmate but occupy by only one , this crazy old fiend ... the empty bed pile with book and italian memorabilia , the wall cover with mathematical equation ... 89 angle on Dr. lizardo even now unable to resist scribbling another formula on the wall with a piece of chalk ... close on philco : 90 anchorwoman on tv here she be , slowed down . lookit there ... slam ! right into the side of that mountain ! perfect Tommy , rawhide , reno , you guys're the Hong Kong Cavaliers . buckaroo 's most trust inner circle . so I gotta ask , do it surprise you fella as much as the rest of we when the bjv , the experimental jet vehicle go right off the scope and apparently smack into a black void ? perfect tommy on tv nope . anchorwoman on tv be buckaroo act different this morning , I mean , in term of other morning ? the Cavaliers roll they eye , look at one another ... rawhide on tv well , we party pretty late last night . 91 back to Dr. lizardo now hearing footstep outside in the corridor , and he left ahnd , acting independently of he right , erase the equation he's just written ... as he right hand reach under he pillow and pick up a crude homemade electromagnet ... a piece of metal wrap in copper wire , one end of which be a small loop that lizardo now attaches directly to he thumb ... doctor lizardo ( mutter ) the overthruster ! the overthruster ! lizardo look back at he equation , at first puzzle to find it erase , then become angry . 92 close on he hand now sticking the other end of he home -made device directly into a electircal socket ... angle on : 93 doctor lizardo ( obsessed ) the overthruster ! electrical current coursing through lizardo' body ... a aura surrounding he as he lip curl into a hideous smile ... burning the screen , taking US into a astounding flashback sequence : int . strange laboratory - night 94 forty -six year prior ( year before the ill-fate primitive speed car run involve buckaroo 's parent ) a unlikely experiment in a strange factory ... a runway ... a much young , dark - haire Doctor lizardo be strapped into a homemade wicker chair / rocket sled by two lab assistant , the entire contraption set up like a catapult aimed directly at a losid brick wall , throbbing electromagnets and bank of glowing oscillator ... 95 another angle ... and peer into a unusual periscope , a equally juvenile professor hikita wear glass and scraggly goatee ... stand in front of a 1938 calendar on the wall , today 's eagerly await date circle in red ... prof . hikita almost ready , Dr. lizardo ...almost ... Doctor lizardo pull on a leather helmet , Professor hikita nodd grimly at the lab assistant who tug on a giant lever ... the electromagnets pulsating ... doctor lizardo more ! more ! prof . hikita not so fast ... 96 angle on Doctor lizardo pull a switch , unleashing he wicker chair at a fantastic speed down the rail ! 97 at the end of the track ... the strange device come to a abrupt and total stop ten foot from the brick wall , pitching lizardo forward and ... 98 ... through the wall , at least partially , the seemingly solid brick turn out to be more like vertical quicksand ... lizardo half in , half out , physically unhurt but scream he head off ... 99 ... the assistant rush down the runway to help pry he loose , while Professor hikita observe a astonish thing through he periscope . 100 periscope Pov : huge grotesque red creature in a aura of electricity try to pull doctor lizardo toward they ... one creature in particular enveloping lizardo ! 101 back to ... the doctor 's assistant frantically tug on he foot , drag he back into the room only to find this suddenly orange - haire lizardo a fearsome , change individual ... a beast ! 102 close on lizardo ! a terrifying scream issue from he mouth as he straighten up , at last wrenching free of the wicker chair , smash he two assistant ' head together as he jump over the runway ! hikita watch wild -ey as lizardo make a mad dash into the vast shadowy expanse of the factory ... 103 a distant view of lizardo as he rip a door off its hinge , escape into the night , silhoutted against a dazzling security light , the screen burning white ... our flashback ending . int . lizardo' room - night 104 nearly half a century later , the elderly lizardo regards with smolder evil the turn of the key in he own door and the appearance of a guard who come in and unplug he tv set . guard cheer up , lizardo , it 's Friday . I come for you tv . you be use too damn much juice ... ten thousand kilowatt again this month . beat I how one old homicidal loony could use that much power . the guard leave with lizardo 's tv ... lizardo try to control himself , he eye roll up at the ceiling where yet another unusual equation have be scrawle in a angry hand . doctor lizardo I want my tv ... do not take my tv ... I want it . I want the overthruster . I want it . int . nightclub - night 105 mysterious half -light ... closeup ... plug and jack ... a portion of a upright base ... drum with the banzai logo writ large ... hand and foot put everything together as a unseen audience stir restlessly ... int . dressing room - night 106 backstage in a small dress room , the rock band know as the Hong Kong Cavaliers wait to go on ... three unidentified groupies in attendance as rawhide nap and reno tune he saxophone while perfect Tommy answer the question of a female reporter from the local underground press ... Professor hikita meantime at a corner table , study he big notebook , examine a pair of kodak slide ... ... as there be the sound of a commotion in the corridor , excite voice and foot traffic come this way , rawhide methodically count down under he stetson : rawhide five...four ...three ...two ...one . 107 the door to the dress room open precisely on the count of one , admit a out - of - breath and hastily tuxedoe buckaroo banzai , a SMALL crowd of assorted femal fan lock outside . buckaroo banzai I be starve ... somebody , help . rawhide get a half a tuna sandwich . buckaroo banzai same one you have yesterday ? rawhide take a half - eat sandwich out of he hat and toss it to buckaroo ... buckaroo banzai smell ferment . ( take a big bite ) check in with the Institute , reno , see if everything 's kosher . prof . hikita buckaroo , I have do a advanced spectrograph analysis on the specimen you pull off the jet car drive shaft . reno and there 's a two-hundred - dollar deductible we have to eat on that crack in she windshield . buckaroo banzai figure . anybody see my scope ? perfect tommy come right up , buckaroo . perfect Tommy produce a highly sophisticated slide viewer ... buckaroo slip in a transparency . 108 he Pov of a colorful prismatic graph over the backdrop of a naked woman . 109 buckaroo immediately diagnose the problem and remove the naked - woman slide from the viewer ... buckaroo banzai anybody we know ? perfect tommy who put this dirty picture in buckaroo 's viewer ? rawhide reclaim he raunchy slide , buckaroo look back into the sleek device ... prof . hikita I run it through the centrifuge , but I come up blank . it 's definitely dead now , although it still conduct electricity even better than copper do . perfect tommy Super performance organic material . prof . hikita yes , perfect Tommy , in a way . however ... ( slip in another slide ) ...notice ... although certain component resist identification , it correspond very closely to a ordinary praying mantis . buckaroo banzai ( scrutinize ) too closely . gotta be more than sheer coincidence . rawhide , you be keen on bug . what do you think ? rawhide take a look as reno hang the phone up ... reno everything 's copacetic at the Institute , buckaroo . Sam 's with the jet car and she 's under lock and key . he 's retime she valve . buckaroo nodd , as he 's interrupt by perfect Tommy who 's now bring over the female reporter ... perfect tommy buckaroo , you get a minute --? buckaroo banzai not really . this be pretty important . perfect tommy she want a picture . perfect Tommy quickly take a place beside buckaroo , smile into the camera , as reno and rawhide exchange disgust look ... 110 ... the shutter click ... another commotion in the hallway ... the dress room door open to admit the club owner , artie duncan , a fifty - year - old rocker who have to struggle to close the door behind he on a herd of reporter and fan ... artie duncan I do not care who you be ... when you play my joint , you be just another band . I want some music outta you character . reno you want it , artie ? you get it . buckaroo banzai everybody ready ? how do we look ? do we look okay ? perfect tommy I look great . let 's rock ' n ' roll . a pair of no - nonsense blue shield irregular appear to escort they on-stage ... as rawhide return the spectroscope to Professor hikita ... rawhide no question about it . something very akin to arachnoid tissue . if I hadda guess ? a mutate species . int . backstage - night 111 buckaroo , the Hong Kong Cavaliers , and they two Blue Shield escort hustling down a corridor . int . nightclub stage - night 112 we boy arrive on stage ... shadowy form in the dramatically murky light ...a familiar voice booming over the p.a. system ... artie duncan' voice lady and gentleman , artie 's artery be proud to present , for one night only ... the one , the only , the amazing buckaroo banzai and he Hong Kong Cavaliers ! light up ! and a wave of good old fashioned rock ' not roll crash out on the audience , buckaroo on lead guitar , join the Hong Kong Cavaliers in a number so primal you foot just will not sit still ! 113 ... while at the rear of the room , seat by herself , we find a attractive young lady ... cry , for some reason exempt from the general raucous good will . she pour herself another drink , but booze will not do the job . she 's all alone . she need some help . her name be penny priddy . 114 on-stage buckaroo banzai suddenly stop move , stop sing and wave the Cavaliers to cease as well . eerie stillness , the only sound buckaroo 's lip on the silver mike . buckaroo banzai I hear somebody cry . ( no response ) I say be someone out there cry in the darkness ? yes , indeed ... penny 's voice , weakly : 115 penny priddy here ... here at the back . I be sorry ... 116 buckaroo squint , spot she . his voice come mighty over the public address system . buckaroo banzai raise you hand ... where ? penny priddy ( raise she hand ) this be so embarrassing ... buckaroo banzai somebody get she a mike ? can we manage that ? and a spotlight . what 's you name ? penny priddy penny . I would rather not reveal my last name or my age . for reason out of they control , penny 's name come across to buckaroo and the Cavaliers as " Peggy , " say name immediately elicite a surprised reaction from the Cavaliers ... ... buckaroo amaze as well ... a not-too-distant pain deep in he soul momentarily manifest itself , although he make a brave attempt at nonchalance ... as now penny be give that microphone . buckaroo banzai do you say ... " Peggy " ? penny priddy my name be penny . penny priddy . there I have say it , but it will not mean anything to you . I be a nobody . the business of the name settle , buckaroo and the Cavaliers breathe a bit more easily ... buckaroo banzai nobody 's a nobody . why be you cry ? what 's wrong ? penny priddy ( blow she nose ) do I say anything be wrong ? I just sponge up a little too much vat 69 , okay ? I be down to my last nickel in this lousy town , I can not get my luggage outta hock ' cause I meet this jerk who say he be a record producer when all he have be a record . he offer to set I up for life , and like a fool , well , I ... buckaroo banzai he offer you money ? penny priddy do I look like that kinda girl ? ( to tell the truth ) I lose my room this morning . I do not know where I be gonna sleep tonight , but I keep go . what the hell else can I do ? I have still get my figure , and like this bozo say , as long as there 's a sidewalk , I will always have a job . a few snicker ... buckaroo shoot a disapprove look at that guilty of laugh at another person 's misfortune ... buckaroo banzai remember it 's always darkest just before the dawn . believe I , I have be there . buckaroo move to a piano ... start to play ... buckaroo banzai this song 's for Peggy . and all you other out there a little down on you luck . penny priddy ( exasperate ) my name 's , penny ! but who care ? 117 buckaroo and he man start to sing another tune ... slower , sexier . 118 ... and penny open her big clear plastic purse , remove first a dog - earn paperback entitle Beyond the realm of Atomic particle and massless photon , by buckaroo banzai ... then a buckaroo banzai comic book , its cover depict buckaroo lock in mortal combat with hanoi shan , the manchu terror ! penny lay both publication on the table , continue to dig around , revealing next a shiny SMALL - caliber automatic pistol ... 119 on stage ... as buckaroo pour it on , look in she direction ... 120 penny take the gun from she purse and lay it in she lap , tear start to flood she eye ... 121 buckaroo crooning , all the woman enrapture by he voice , he sultry glance , he animal presence ... a real heart -breaker . 122 penny take another drink , wrap she hand around the tiny pearl handle ... slowly moving the gun ... 123 on stage , buckaroo startle ... 124 ... as in the blink of a eye penny attempt to shoot herself , she arm accidentally deflect by a pass waitress , the shot go harmlessly into the ceiling as ... 125 ... the crack Hong Kong Cavaliers whip out they gun , snap back hammer , form a human barricade around buckaroo ... 126 ... while blue shield security men materialize and drag penny scream from the room . penny priddy let I go , let I go , you creep ... buckaroo banzai everybody okay up here ? artie duncan' voice arrest the girl ! let 's get this thing on the road , huh ? 127 the Cavaliers holster they weapon , resume musical posture ... buckaroo too ... but he mind still half on penny priddy . int . criminally insance cooridor - night 128 recreation time . several madmen play video game , content . Doctor lizardo 's philco tv now sit on a watch desk , the guard who take it eat dinner , lean back in he chair , he foot on the set ... so he can bash it now and then to improve the picture quality ... as a shadow fall across he ... Doctor lizardo ... pull a ratty suitcase on tiny travel wheel , wear a ancient sportjacket . out for a stroll ? guard where do you think you be go , doc ? the moon ? 129 a amazing thing occur , as lizardo 's right arm rocket out a catch the astonished guard around the throat , lift he off the floor , lizardo 's leave hand pick up the telephone ... dr . lizardo Operator ! I wanna place a person- to-person call to John bigboote , yoyodyne propulsion system . grover 's mill , New Jersey . tell he it 's John whorfin call . that 's w-h-o-r-f-i- N . get it , honey ? John ! j-o- h - N ! lizardo wait for the call to go through as he strangle the last breath of air out of the helpless guard , drop he to the linoleum , reach for the dead man' key ... dr . lizardo ( into phone ) of course it 's I , John bigboote , you fool ! prepare for my return ! the time have come . have not you hear ? do not you watch tv ? banzai and hikita have do it ! I will meet you at the factory . get that overthruster ! and the little jap ! alive ! banzai 's too dangerous . lizardo rip the phone out of the wall , hurl it across the room ... ... that inmate play they video game flee like rabbit when they see that ... lizardo obviously no ordinary lunatic , as he prove by simply reach out and ... 130 ... touch the buckaroo banzai video game , instantly short it out on he way to freedom , suitcase in tow . int . bedroom on bus - day 131 close on a newspaper , a banner front page headline announce the amazing jet car test ... ... and down in a lower corner , a photograph of " would - be - assassin " penny priddy be summarily escort out of artie 's artery ... pulling back to reveal ... 132 ... a simple steel frame bed , fold - out desk with microscope , scientific book everywhere ... buckaroo try to tie he bowtie , glance at the newspaper propped upon he dresser , that picture of penny priddy stare back at he ... perfect Tommy and reno nearby assemble some kind of slide show ... the whole room swaying mysteriously ... ... the two Cavaliers worry more about buckaroo than about what they be do , as they fumble the slide , several fall to the floor ... perfect tommy pick that up , reno . reno I do not drop them . ... perfect Tommy get up and peek at the newspaper over buckaroo 's shoulder ... then return to reno ... they voice low ... perfect tommy it 's a spittin ' image . reno do not look anything like she to I . perfect tommy picture do not lie . reno Hell they do not . I meet my first wife that way . perfect tommy it 's Peggy to this eye . same nose , same hair . plus buckaroo think so too or else he would not be ready to go make a fool of himself , right ? 133 buckaroo overhear all of this , of course , as the door open , rawhide appear , offer a computer print -out ... rawhide hot off the World watch Wire , buckaroo . think you would wanna be notify . that old pal of the professor 's , Dr. emilio lizardo ? the one you do the brain scan on --? he kill a guard last night , break outta the trenton Home for the criminally insane , steal a masarati , totale it a block away . buckaroo 's expression change at the mention of the name lizardo ... take the print-out . buckaroo banzai then what ? rawhide vanish . thin air . perfect tommy Doctor lizardo . be not he on tv once ? reno you be think of Mr. wizard . this guy 's a eccentric genius . perfect tommy hey , so be Mr. wizard . rawhide Dr. lizardo 's a rave lunatic , perfect Tommy , a vicious psychopath with crazy eye and flame orange hair that once upon a time be mousy brown like yours . buckaroo banzai have you warn Professor hikita ? rawhide first thing I do . perfect tommy ( in the dark ) why ? what 's go on ? anything I oughta know ? c'mon , rawhide , spill it . buckaroo nodd he permission ... rawhide the professor and Dr. emilio lizardo be actually the first to discover the eighth dimension . almost fifty year ago . before buckaroo 's parent even know each other . but there be trouble , a rocket catapult fail and Dr. lizardo get suck half in , half out ... when they haul he back ,he be not the same guy . his hair be orange ... buckaroo banzai and he soul black as the Ace of spade . rawhide he go on a senseless crime spree , kill a cop during a bank robbery , get catch and judge insane . the professor tell we they throw away the key . perfect tommy hey , any lock can be pick . so what 's he up to ? buckaroo banzai I be sure we will find out soon enough . buckaroo head for the door ... rawhide draw a receipt book from he pocket . rawhide and another thing . somebody take five buck outta petty cash without signing . buckaroo and reno automatically turn to perfect Tommy ... perfect tommy be not I . I would take a hundred , right ? int . world watch one / bus - day 134 ... the guy follow buckaroo into a amazing electronic nerve CENTER , like the rugge interior of a awac , dimly light instrument panel manned by two blue shield technical expert . radar sheild one lookit this , buckaroo . grossly abnormal high - altitude electrostatic disturbance over Connecticut . fallout from the jet car , you think ? buckaroo banzai doubt it . check norad command . could be a volcanic ash cloud . work she up statistically , check it for the next twenty - four hour , then shovel the data over to reno . int . passenger section / bus - day 135 buckaroo come through another heavy steel door , and for the first time we realize that we just might be on a moving bus ... ext . police station - establishing - day 136 buckaroo's bus pull up ... buckaroo banzai and the hong kong cavalier emblazon along its side . int . police station - day 137 wait near the watch desk , buckaroo 's jewish surgeon buddy , Dr. Zwibel ... in a thousand - dollar worth of drugstore cowboy gear , a hoppalong cassidy hat , red alligator boot , listen to the local country station on a suitcase size stereo ... ... look up as buckaroo , reno , and perfect Tommy approach ... dr . zwibel howdy , buckaroo . get you message about rendezvouse here . barely have time to pack my saddlebags . buckaroo banzai sid , welcome aboard . ( shaking hand ) fellas , meet a medical colleague , sid Zwibel . he will be riding with we from now on , so get acquainted while I snoop around . buckaroo head over to the desk sergeant on duty ... reno the name 's reno . this here 's perfect Tommy . perfect tommy where do you hail from , Doc ? dr . zwibel ( catch on ) New Jersey ! reno nevada where 's you spur at ? dr . zwibel you make fun of I ? perfect tommy reno , how 's about you take New Jersey 's gear , mosey on over to the bus and introduce he to the rest of the hand . reno why I ? perfect tommy Cause buckaroo need I here . reno pick up Doctor Zwibel 's huge stereo and suitcase ... reno follow I , pard 'ner . int . cell - day 138 penny sit on she bunk , a dishevel mess ... depressed , she head bury in she hand as buckaroo arrive . she see he reflection in the pitiful mirror above she toilet ... penny priddy what be you do here ? why be you look at I like that ? buckaroo banzai I guess ' cause you remind I of someone I once know , long ago before any of this craziness . penny priddy go away . let I rot ? buckaroo banzai who be you really try to kill last night ? penny priddy you . like the papers all say . buckaroo banzai pretty terrible shot . silence . penny realize you do not fool this man with the sloppy bowtie ... come over to the bar ... penny priddy be she pretty ? buckaroo banzai who ? penny priddy the girl I remind you of . buckaroo banzai she be the Queen of the Netherlands . penny priddy it 's kinda hard this way . meaning fix he tie ... which she 's try to do ... buckaroo banzai I would turn around , but I be afraid you would strangle I . penny priddy the Netherlands . whew , that 's a long way from Wyoming . buckaroo banzai Wyoming ? not cody , by any chance ? penny priddy no. laramie . except I be bear in cody . how do you know that ? oh , right , sure , I forget : you know everything . buckaroo banzai no , I do not . penny take too long to retie buckaroo 's tie ... a excuse to be near he ... buckaroo banzai have a little trouble with that knot , be not you ? penny priddy which ? the one in my throat . thing really heating up between this two ... buckaroo change the subject ... block perfect Tommy 's view . buckaroo banzai do you have family there --? a sister ? in cody ? penny priddy I do not know . I always feel like I do , like there be another I ... buckaroo banzai another ' you ' ? penny priddy somewhere . see I be take away by the priddy when I be a baby . I be adopt . buckaroo banzai adopted . I should have know . of course . if it be a snake , it would bit I ! penny priddy what ? I do not understand you . I do not understand anything anymore . buckaroo banzai who do ? it 's a crazy mix - up world . just do the best you can with what you have ... buckaroo touch she moist cheek , wiping away a tear . perfect Tommy and the desk sergeant exchange look ... perfect tommy running a little late , buckaroo . buckaroo banzai let she out . in my custody . perfect tommy let she out ? she 's a killer . buckaroo and penny unable to look away from each other . buckaroo banzai no she 's not . int . PRESS conference - afternoon 139 reporter , camera , microphone , and a small audience of vip , civilian and military , in a large hotel conference room ... eye on the tick clock ... examine chart and model of subatomic particle ...on the dais , Professor hikita , Secretary of Defense mckinley and Senator cunningham , wait for buckaroo . 140 over the refreshment table set up for reporter , two redheaded men wearing glass practically fill there cup with cube of sugar ... one of they arm elongating ( 1 ) for more sugar ... the strange move unnoticed ... 141 ... as the crowd break into spontaneous applause and buckaroo banzai enter , penny priddy beside he ... the glamorous couple surround by the Hong Kong Cavaliers . 142 JOHN o'connor , and JOHN gomez , that two nearsight redhead with the sweet coffee applaud only politely . 143 buckaroo take penny onto the dais with he , the Cavaliers assume position of security as ... ... buckaroo sit next to Professor hikita who shield he remark from what must be easily fifty microphone ... prof . hikita rawhide tell I Dr. lizardo escape ... buckaroo banzai ( nodd ) I be assign a couple Blue shield to protect you around the clock , just in case . Professor hikita remove the oscillation overthruster from he batter briefcase and lay it on the table . buckaroo take a sip of water ... secretary of defense thank you for come . before I answer any question , I think buckaroo owe we all a few explanation for yesterday 's antic . buckaroo banzai Mr. Secretary ... Senator cunningham , lady and gentleman ... thirty year ago , nearly to this day , my mother and father and Sir Alan motley , all former colleague of Professor toichi hikita at the Texas School of mine , give they life for what be consider at the time a insane notion : the possibility of contact alien life ... not on another planet , but on a simultaneous plane of existence within solid matter ... life which , before the war , Professor hikita have actually glimpse while pioneer a highly primitive gravity catapult with Doctor emilio lizardo . 1st reporter the same Doctor lizardo that just ...? prof . hikita one and the same . 144 someone else's nearsighted Pov , peering at the back of professor hikita's head through a crack in the curtain behind the day ... 145 John O'Connor and John Gomez at the refreshment table now add several pack of ' sweet and ' low ' to they thick coffee as ... on the day : 146 buckaroo banzai I do not wanna go get too technical here , lady and gentleman , but I be talk twister physics . quantum mechanic . now you see , now you do not . this table I be sit behind ? it appear to be solid matter , right ? buckaroo demonstrate by pick up he plastic water glass , drop it , splash water leave and right as the container naturally bounce off the table ... buckaroo banzai but in point of fact , the solid part of this table ... the proton , quark , you neutron and electron ... they comprise only about one quadrillionth of its total volume . secretary of defense which be not a helluva lot to sink you tooth into . buckaroo banzai exactly . so the professor here , way back in 1937 , figure that if solid matter be mostly empty space , a person oughta be able to discover a to travel inside thing like table . and mountain . prof . hikita we at the banzai Institute have at last find that way : a alternate gradient synchronizer that soften solid matter by attenuate its electroweak force ! buckaroo banzai which we all know be the force that tend to pull object part , right , professor ? 2nd reporter what about the Pentagon ? the possibility of war in the eighth dimension , Mr. Secretary ? penny priddy hey , better there than here , huh ? some applause , the Secretary of Defense eyeing penny critically as the light dim ... as radar shield one slip into the room , approach the dais , and the first slide be project onto the screen ... 147 ... the image a murky one ... but the outline of a warship with U.S. sailor aboard nonetheless unmistakable ... close on : 148 radar shield one ( a whisper ) the President 's call you , buckaroo . buckaroo banzai the president of what ? radar shield one the President of the United States . 149 another slide , even more graphic , the number on the bow of the ship plainly visible ...7541 . everyone captivate . 150 buckaroo banzai be he still delirious ? radar shield one ( shrugging ) can not tell . it 's real fuzzy . I patch he through to a pay phone down the hall . prof . hikita in 1942 , a U.S. navy frigate , number 7541 , disappear on a clear day in the North Atlantic . Long think to have be torpedoed , this picture of 7541 be take yesterday in the eighth dimension . secretary of defense now wait a minute here ... prof . hikita next transparency , please . a loud murmur from the audience as the next slide in the projector prove to be a remarkable image ... ...of a upside down seventeenth century pirate vessel . 151 ... buckaroo start from the table only to be remind by penny : 152 penny priddy buckaroo , do not forget you thruster . ... hand he the oscillation overthruster ... buckaroo decline it ... buckaroo banzai you keep a eye on it . penny priddy any time . ext . outer space - afternoon 153 meanwhile , several thousand mile overhead , a huge spikey spacecraft approach earth ... int . spikey spacecraft ( father ship ) - afternoon 154 a mysterious cloud room where black brroding creature perch upside down and sideways at control in a smoky , vaporous environment , the only illumination eerie yellow light ... the wall breathing . buckaroo banzai be voice Mr. President - -? you there ? more noise , the SOUND of telephone switching equipment ... int . corridor - afternoon 155 back at a pay phone in the corridor , buckaroo try to figure out why the President do not answer . radar shield one seem like a bad connection even back on the bus . but they use the code . buckaroo banzai Mr. President - -? some kind of interference ... I can not ... nothing from the other end except odd sounding computer beeps and the static - laden voice of several operator ... rawhide maybe it 's just a prankster . some computer whiz kid . reno whoever it be they use the Blue code , Alpha clearance . buckaroo banzai ( to radar Shield one ) go back to the bus and reroute the call . rawhide and try the President 's private number at the hospital . make sure this be on the level . we be busy people here . 156 ... when suddenly eerie , inexplicable thing begin to occur ... all having to do with electricity ... the telephone book scoot closer to buckaroo 's finger as if draw by a magnet , the page then turn , faster and faster ... 157 ... buckaroo amaze ... now the glass phone booth door abruptly slamm shut , the phone simultaneously emit a bizarre buzz ... 158 ... and then buckaroo get literally the shock of he life ... a mighty electrical current passing through the telephone ... ... and hurling he out into the cooridor ! 159 buckaroo banzai pencil ! Quick ! pen! anything ! reno comply , the light return to normal , buckaroo daze , he hand move automatically , write on any surface available . a spark fly when he touch the metal - tip pen to metal ! 160 buckaroo finally settling for he hand , scribbling number on he palm . 161 int . conference room - afternoon 162 prof . hikita let I ask you to imagine the oscillation overthruster as a sophisticated rifle accelerator fire a steady stream of proton at a target - in this case a mountain - and the jet car as a giant super - conduct magnet . the Secretary of Defense fascinate . 163 secretary of defense sure , sure , but what about the fourth , fifth , Sixth and seventh dimension ? penny priddy ( thumbing through she paperback ) I do not guess they matter . it 's like cheesecloth , I think . minkowiski space ... ... as all eye turn to see a still woozy buckaroo banzai return , point dramatically at John Gomez and John O'Connor in the audience ... buckaroo banzai there ! that two ! do not panic ... the Cavaliers have not a clue what he 's talk about ... reno whadda you mean , buckaroo ? where ? what ? 164 buckaroo's Pov ... something extraordinary ... across the room , two ghastly alien , giant red arachtoid wearing suit and tie , holding coffee cup ... buckaroo banzai evil ... pure and simple , from the eighth dimension ! grab them ! 165 reno's Pov ... nothing out of the ordinary ... neither reno nor anyone else in the room see what buckaroo do , see instead only that two redhead gent who like they coffee sweet , John O'Connor and John Gomez ... could they possibly be the crimson creature buckaroo thinks be : buckaroo banzai arachtoid ! stop them ! senator cunningham arachtoid ? 166 buckaroo break into a dead run across the room , that two astonished red alien racing for the nearest exit ! 167 the Hong Kong Cavaliers rush to help buckaroo when suddenly the piercing scream of penny priddy cause they to stop in they track and look toward the dais ... ... where yet nother redhead call JOHN bigboot , in glass and dark suit , a bandanna over he face , have just step from behind the curtain and seize Professor hikita , point a revolver at the old man 's head ... the Cavaliers instinctively step toward the dais , outrage ... JOHN bigboot okay , wise guy ! ... the mask John bigboot firing once , wound reno in the shoulder ... JOHN bigboot let that gun belt hit the floor ! and nobody follow , or the prof be history ! the pistol stick in Professor hikita 's ear convincing the Cavaliers to obey , to watch helplessly as the kidnapper back he victim through the curtain and out of sight ... as new Jersey administer first aid to reno and penny stroke the fall cavalier 's hair , berate the idle bystander around they : penny priddy be this the kind of society you want ? a society of weak - kneed jellyfish wallowing in self - pity , prey to ruthless hoodlum who pick we off like fly ? senator cunningham or a society where we stand strong , take charge of we own destiny , with the cry " so far and no farther will we be push ! " int . HOTEL bowel - moving - afternoon 168 buckaroo in the meantime run down a flight of stair ... catch sight of he prey ... that two monstrous red alien run through a swinging door ... ... buckaroo accelerate , hit the door with every ounce of strength in he ... int . underground parking garage - late afternoon 169 ... buckaroo fly through the door , take a fall down concrete step , find himself in the hotel parking garage where a motorcycle show be unload equipment ... ... buckaroo spot three shadowy form halfway across the lot load a large crate into a van ... buckaroo waste no time go after the van , as it start up ... commandeer a fancy new motorcycle , charge after the van despite a exhibitor be warning : exhibitor hey , you can not ride that ! int . corridor - late afternoon 170 the Cavaliers come from two direction , collide at a intersection ... perfect tommy any sign of buckaroo ? reno no ! ditto the professor - rawhide shit ! ext . CITY street - late afternoon 171 the van speed by ... the motorcycle pursue ! ext . countryside - late afternoon 172 the chase continue , leave the city behind ... ext . wooded road - later afternoon 173 ... the van come straight toward we , thunder past ... as buckaroo and he motorcycle next roar into camera in hot pursuit , and over he shoulder a awesome sight ... ... a dark , unnervingly prehistoric creature flying directly at US , growing larger and larger on the screen , buckaroo unaware of its existence ... ext . field - late afternoon 174 twilight envelop a New Jersey meadow as a pair of duck hunter and they dog take advantage of the last half hour of fade daylight as ... ... that black creature wing overhead ! 175 176 the duck hunter confuse , frighten , firing , as a reflex reaction to this sudden threat from above ! 177 close on the awful black creature hit , swoop low with a horrible shudder ! the hunter transfix ... 178 duck hunter my God ! what the hell ... the frightful sound of the creature's failing lung ... a terrific noise as the duck hunter hurry to where they unnatural kill hang obscure in a gigantic tree ... they dog run ahead , intent on retrieve this unusual " bird " ... ext . tree - late afternoon 179 the heavy - foote hunter slosh through water , the first hunter to arrive on the scene use a sharp stick to poke at a bulging bladder on the bottom of the strange creature , the sac burst and drench the hunter with a hideous viscous fluid ... SPARKS ! and a strange blue dust ... 180 ... as suddenly a enormous sphere drop out of the tree and begin roll toward the hunter who poke that sac ... duck hunter Jesus Christ --! what be it ? the other hunter follow the odd spere as it back he buddy into a shallow swamp ... the thing come to a stop and ... 181 ... a black man with dreadlock emerge from the top of the weird vessel , try to balance himself when he slip and crash to the ground , he neck break ... a beam from he drop ' flashlight ' revealing he in death to be not a black man , but a black alien with a three - fingered hand ... 182 ... the hunter terrify as they dog start snarling at the tree where now a second black man have emerge , run for the road , jump the fence like a gazelle ... 183 ... the hunter not see this second individual , obsessed instead with a buckaroo banzai comic book they have discover in the dead alien 's finger . 1st hunter it 's the latest issue ! ext . countryside - twilight 184 buckaroo still on he motorcycle in pursuit of the van , take a dare shortcut down a treacherous hillside ... int . van - twilight 185 alien John bigboot at the wheel , alien John Gomez riding shotgun , in high spirit , cradling a dry cell battery , he strange tongue upon it , get high ... he tooth glow . bigboot turn in he seat , overhear alien John O'Connor operate a radio in the rear of the speed van ... JOHN o'connor what ? a black ship ? where ? ( listen ) a black thermopod 's be shot down ten mile back . JOHN bigboot a black thermopod here ? on Earth ?! why , John Gomez ? why ? John bigboot look at John Gomez for any possible explanation . JOHN gomez John whorfin ... maybe they know he 's escape ! JOHN o'conner how ? how could they possibly know ? they be more than three trillion six hundred sixty million mile away . JOHN bigboot ( jerk the wheel ) they know everything ! I tell whorfin to sit tight . this could be the end of we all ! we gotta get banzai 's overthruster and get off this rock ! ext . van - twilight 186 the van make a 180 ( turn ! int . van - twilight 187 John bigboot yell back to John O'Connor : JOHN bigboot where be it , John O'Connor ? how far back ? JOHN o'connor I have a radio fix ... John Gomez open the glove compartment , take out a pistol : JOHN gomez death to the enemy ! JOHN o'connor death to the enemy --! kill or die ! John bigboot just drive ... he strange eye set . ext . road - twilight 188 buckaroo round a curve on he motorcycle when that van be suddenly upon he , come head on ! buckaroo just have a split-second to catch the logo ' yoyodyne ' on the front of the van as he swerve into a ditch to avoid certain death ... 189 ... buckaroo quickly restarting the motorcycle and take out a swiss army lighter / miniature two - way radio , make a call to : buckaroo banzai rawhide . come in . over . int . PRESS conference room - twilight 190 back in the press conference room , the anxious Cavaliers try to help several law enforcement type reconstruct the professor 's kidnap . a tiny buzzer go off in rawhide 's pocket : he swiss army cigarette lighter . rawhide turn he back on everyone , take out a pack of lucky , lighting up as he talk quietly into the flame : rawhide over , buckaroo . what 's up ? where in hade be you ? I be get a lotta static . ext . road - twilight 191 buckaroo push and shove he motorcycle onto a woodland path ... it be getting quite dark ... buckaroo banzai that 's I . I have be ionize , but I be okay . I be , switch on the home beacon , mark two minute interval . rawhide buckaroo , somebody shanghaie the Professor ! buckaroo banzai the deuce you say . ( realize ) that crate ! int . PRESS conference room - twilight 192 elsewhere in the room , nervous and concerned , penny priddy sit apart from the other , thumping the key of a piano ... rawhide what crate ? buckaroo banzai I think I be on to something . you and the guy go back to the house and dig up everything you can on a outfit call yoyodyne . rawhide ( into flame ) yoyodyne propulsion system ? you think they be mix up in this ? ... reno sit down next to penny at the piano , he wounded arm in a sling but he finger nimble as ever ... penny priddy how long you be riding with buckaroo , reno ? reno nigh on ten year . be through a lotta scrape together . penny priddy what would you do before ? can I ask ? reno government work . have my own think tank . get tired of think - want some action . see plenty of it too . so will you if you stick around . penny priddy where 's buckaroo ? be he alive ? reno course he 's alive . he 's buckaroo banzai . rawhide call from across the room ... rawhide all right . let 's go ! we get we work cut out for we tonight ! reno get up , penny unsure at that moment whether she 's be include , as that steely eye of rawhide zero in on she ... rawhide you , too , miss penny . ext . road - night 193 darkness as buckaroo race on , the taillight of the van far ahead ... int . van - night 194 John Gomez now share he dry cell battery with John O'Connor , the two of they sing a song from they home planet ... ... John bigboot at the wheel , preoccupy , refuse they offer of a toke on the battery with : JOHN bigboot no thanks , I be drive . ext . crash site - night 195 the yoyodyne van approach the scene of the down spacecraft , the headlight of the single highway patrol car illuminate the corpse of the dead creature in the water ... the highway patrolman pull the figure out of the water , the hunter stand by ... highway patrolman Hand I that tarp . let 's cover this guy ... 2nd hunter what guy ? he 's get paw . the other hunter toss a plastic tarp over the body as they all turn to regard the headlight of the yoyodyne van ... the cop head that way ... 196 buckaroo arriving now too , scraping to a stop on he motorcycle in heavy brush , creep closer to the crash site for a better look ... 197 buckaroo's Pov : the ungainly spherical spacecraft and that amazing dead creature on the ground , cover now with a sheet of semi-transparent plastic ... observe John bigboot and John Gomez produce official i.d.s and appear to buckaroo as crimson alien ... to the cop as ... ordinary citizen : 198 JOHN bigboot John bigboot , Officer . executive vice President , yoyodyne propulsion system . JOHN gomez ( of the spacecraft ) one of we bird . the highway patrolman return bigboot 's i.d. , still a little skeptical about the whole thing , point to the dead creature under plastic . highway patrolman that fella over there - that one of yours , too , be it ? John bigboot have a ready answer ... JOHN bigboot the droid , you mean ? 199 buckaroo move quickly to the back of the van , start to open the rear door with a locksmith 's pick attach to he special swiss army lighter . electricity jumping from he finger . 200 buckaroo drop the two - way radio home device on the bumper ... 201 int . van - crash site - night 202 the sound of the swiss Army lighter jolting red alien John O'Connor ... o' connor think the noise have come from the crate itself ... JOHN o'connor button up in there , Professor , if you know what 's good for you . John O'Connor step out for a smoke . ext . van - night 203 buckaroo watch the alien John O'Connor move off in the direction of the hunter , retrieve he drop swiss Army lighter , not notice that the once blink l.e.d. on the home device have go out ! buckaroo again pick the lock ... ext . crash site - night 204 ... ordinary citizen John O'Connor meanwhile observe the hunter still hang around , one of they engross in the buckaroo comic , he pal try to figure out how to operate the dead alien 's unusual flashlight ... JOHN o'connor Nice night , huh ? int . van - night 205 ... as buckaroo stealthily enter , work the lock on the crate now with he all - purpose lighter . close on he finger emitting the occasional spark ... 206 ext . swamp - night 207 John bigboot , John Gomez , and the cop loom above the dead creature ... highway patrolman look like nothing I ever see . I see droid in space movie , but they be nothing like this - JOHN gomez it 's a three - man thermopod ... John bigboot shoot John Gomez a hard stare ... highway patrolman thermopod ? what 's a ... JOHN bigboot very t.s. top secret , right John Gomez ? highway patrolman yeah , well , I be gonna call buckaroo banzai out here to have a look . right up he alley , I think . John bigboot 's mood suddenly change ... tensing ... JOHN bigboot you call buckaroo banzai ? highway patrolman not yet . I say I be gonna . the three of they look up at another pair of headlight arrive , a sedan , the cop yell at they : highway patrolman go on ! keep it move ! JOHN gomez we get a truck on the way to mop thing up for you . else this place could become a zoo , not to mention a haven for gawker . the highway patrolman move off to deal with the sedan ... JOHN bigboot we will just go ahead and start break it down . highway patrolman do not touch it ! I get my own help on the way ! that 's a order ! John bigboot frown , tell John Gomez : JOHN bigboot there 's a crowbar in the truck . John Gomez nodd , head back to the van ... int . van - night 208 ... as buckaroo pries he way into the crate , extract the shake Professor hikita . a spark dance between they as they touch ! 209 210 prof . hikita buckaroo ! what the Sam Hill ! buckaroo banzai careful ... do not make noise and do not touch I . I be hotter than flapjack . prof . hikita what ? buckaroo banzai I be a giant semi-conductor , and there 's alien creature all around we . form the eighth dimension , I think . look ... buckaroo try to show Professor hikita the mathematical formula write on he hand . prof . hikita you can see they ? buckaroo hold a finger to he lip ... whisper ... buckaroo banzai ever since that phony phone call from the President . look at this . what be it ? prof . hikita it 's you hand , buckaroo . buckaroo banzai it 's a antidote . a formula . whoever it be on the phone make I scribble this and give I the ability to penetrate they disguise . buckaroo open the door to the van . buckaroo sees the red alien John Gomez come closer ... 211 212 prof . hikita antidote to what ? whose disguise ? buckaroo banzai arachtoid . from Planet ten. prof . hikita Planet 10 ? buckaroo banzai ( point quickly ) there 's a harley behind that bush . get back to the laboratory and start work on the formula . we do not have time to ask question . just synthesize it - the professor still without the crucial information , however ... John Gomez approach ... prof . hikita buckaroo , the formula -- think fast , buckaroo press the palm of he hand to Professor hikita 's forehead , the ball - point ink transfer ... the important formula imprinted in reverse on the professor's shiny pate ... buckaroo banzai hurry ! please . ext . road - night 213 the highway patrolman talk to the sedan ... two shadowy figure inside ... highway patrolman if you be gonna stay , you be gonna be under arrest . it 's you choice . int . wold watch one / bus - night 214 meanwhile back on buckaroo 's bus , in the nerve center , rawhide and perfect Tommy look at a blank oscilloscope operate by a Blue Shield technician ... perfect tommy twelve minute since the last signal . Long time . rawhide too long . we better get somebody over there . put up the grid , last know location -- 215 close on oscilloscope ... a electronic grid field come up , note buckaroo 's last location . 216 rawhide hop on the marconi , see if we get any Blue shield within a ten-minute radius . perfect tommy done . ext . crash site - night 217 buckaroo move dangerously closer to the thermopod as the alien John Gomez return with the crowbar ... he other - worldly comrade demand : JOHN bigboot open it ! 218 ... the highway patrolman meanwhile at he squad car , on he radio ... the sedan sitting tight . int . gas station - night 219 Inside a all - night gas station somewhere in New Jersey , a young black kid name scooter lindley at he special ham radio set , hearing : perfect tommy' voice repeat : intrastate outward Band 5 ... code ... call all Blue Shield irregular in the clam State . bucakroo in trouble ... will repeat coordinate ... scooter lindley this be scooter lindley , future knight of the Blue Shield 411 / 2 . hang on ! ext . gas station - night 220 scooter racing outside toward he father , casper lindley , the station owner , a everyday no - nonsense guy in grungy overall , presently try to sell a crush velvet sofa from the top of a three - tier display rack to a pair of discriminating customer ... scooter lindley dad ! dad ! buckaroo 's in trouble ! casper lindley say what ?! int . passenger section / bus - night 221 a weary , worried rawhide come back into the front of the bus and take a seat near penny and reno ... new jersey trouble ? rawhide Nah - damn sophisticated equipment always break down . reno wonder if there 's more to it than rawhide 's say ... rawhide lose himself in a copy of american horseman . penny lean forward , think , pick at a guitar leave on the seat in front of she , watch the mysterious Hong Kong Cavaliers . 222 perfect Tommy arrive , whisper something in rawhide 's ear , rawhide nodd ... penny look over at perfect Tommy across the aisle , perfect Tommy confiscate the guitar ... he guitar . penny priddy what 's he problem ? reno perfect Tommy 's just threaten by smart woman . can you play that thing ? penny priddy better than he . ext . crash site - night 223 buckaroo jockey for a improve position , as the alien John Gomez prepare to strike the pod-two men get out of the sedan now ... arachtoid in baggy suit ... ... the crowbar hitting the pod for the first time ! 224 the cop turn , shouting at John Gomez from he squad car : highway patrolman whadda you think you be do ? hey ! the cop in a jam , head back toward the pod , as the two newly arrive redhead follow he despite he instruction : highway patrolman I say back off ! I mean it . now get in you car and get the hell outta here ! ... the two goons halting ... but as soon as the cop turn , they follow he again ... ext . front gate / banzai institute - night 225 a modest estate , several unique building on several acre of roll midlothian grassland , home of buckaroo banzai and the Hong Kong Cavaliers ... that famous double B logo festoon a large front gate ... a sign : the banzai institute for biomedical engineering and strategic information . 226 ...a number of buckaroo's devote fan perpetually outside with sleep bag and camera ... a wave of excitement rippling through the crowd as buckaroo's double bus approach and three blue shield on guard begin open the gate . int . foyer / buckaroo's house - night 227 a combination japanese ryokan - american ranch house , a elegant reflection of buckaroo 's dual lineage ... a teenage girl head for the door to answer a insistent buzzer ... she mrs. johnson ... 228 ... penny and the Hong Kong Cavaliers stand outside ... Mrs. Johnson reacting as if she 's see a ghost ... mrs . johnson Peggy --!? oh , wow ...no ... reno she 's not Peggy , Mrs. Johnson -- mrs . johnson not Peggy --! of course not . how could she be , huh ? whew . rawhide any word from buckaroo ? mrs . johnson no ... I think he be with you guy ... the Cavaliers quickly disperse ... penny leave alone under Mrs. Johnson 's curious eye ... int . studio - computer room - night 229 ... the Cavaliers step into a home studio , a tangle of wire and microphone , mixing console and data bank tend by a skeleton crew of blue shield technician ... one a brainy , wiry kid in he late teens . brainy kid hi , fella ... gonna lay down some background vocal tonight ? rawhide wish life be so simple , billy . remember that outfit the justice Department check into last year - yoyodyne propulsion system ? brainy kid ( billy ) the big space and weapon high tech consortium way behind on they delivery of the controversial new truncheon bomber ? perfect tommy you get she . buckaroo 's order : access they data bank . attack they system . up to it ? billy I be a little short - hand tonight . my phone phreak go into town for the big ice cream social ... new jersey so we will help . let 's get crackin ' ! billy who be you ? ext . crash site - night 230 buckaroo watch the alien John Gomez deliver another blow to the black space pod , as inside ... int . black thermopod - night 231 ... sit a single black arachtoid crewman name JOHN gant , stoically at this communication console , try to focus on a distorted picture from deep space even as he enemy pound and cut through the hull ... close on console 232 ... the picture of he video console come into focus : a higher -ranking black arachtoid wing commander on tv : black arachtoid commander destroy yourself , John gant . set detonator . int . father ship - night 233 ... the black arachtoid wing commander stand at he radio-video console , receive a picture of " John gant " ... on tv 234 JOHN gant detonator set . my most profuse apology to my homeland and love one . John valuk be dead . he fall on he head , but perhaps John parker will get through ! the screen go dark . 235 the arachtoid wing commander exchange word with he second - in - command ... second-in-command but what if John parker too be dead ? then we must send another thermopod at once to contact buckaroo banzai ! black arachtoid commander there 's no time . we have we order from John emdall . int . van - night 236 the alien John O'Connor look in on the crate ... find it empty ... lid off ... ext . crash site - night 237 ordinary citizen John Gomez hitting the little thermopod again , the cop exasperate , push to the brink , surround ... highway patrolman that 's it , gentleman , you be all under ... the cop reach for he pistol when suddenly John bigboot whirl and lunge out with he telescoping arm , chopping the cop 's Adam 's apple , knock he to the ground ... ... the hunter stunne , one of they reach for a shotgun when the two newly - arrive yoyodyne goons attack , easily knock the hunter to the ground , beat they ! 238 bucakroo start forward , but a three - digit hand suddenly on he shoulder ! spin he around ! voice easy , friend - buckaroo face - to-face with red arachtoid John O'Connor , the latter surprised to discover it 's ... JOHN o'connor buckaroo banzai--! buckaroo take advantage of this creature 's momentary amazement to kick O'Connor below the belt ... drop he to the turf ... now spying yet another set of headlight come down the road ... JOHN o'connor ( in pain ) it 's buckaroo banzai ! get he ! he let the professor outta the box ! 239 the goons pursue buckaroo onto the road , the headlight of a truck bear down on they ... buckaroo wave back at the truck , he only chance , when suddenly , instead of slow , the truck speed up , try to run he over ... yoyodyne ! ... buckaroo lung to safety at the last minute , get up and run into a field ... the yoyodyne truck make a 180 ( turn and come after he , across the meadow . 240 ... buckaroo pursue by the truck and the goons when suddenly the black thermopod explode , buckaroo and the goons fly to the ground , buckaroo quickly up and run , the truck gain on he ... gain ... still gain when out of nowhere , a rope ladder fall from the sky , entangle buckaroo and pull he up to a hover helicoper ... int . helicopter - night 241 pilote the small chopper , casper lindley , gas station proprietor , along with he eager son , scooter ... both father and son dress in Blue Shield outfit now ... casper give buckaroo a help hand into the swift - fly craft and get a mild electrical SHOCK , coming this close to dropping buckaroo ! casper lindley forgive the butterfinger , buckaroo . casper lindley , knight of the Blue Shield , at you disposal . and my son , scooter . buckaroo banzai nothing to apologize for , casper . you have go beyond the call of duty tonight . mind if I get on the horn and radio the Cavaliers - -? they will be worried . buckaroo reach for the mike , relieved to feel only a slight electrical charge on touch it ... buckaroo banzai not the famous scooter ....? scooter lindley wow . you know it . ext . front gate / buckaroo's house - night 242 Professor hikita on motorcycle , be wave through the front gate by a blue shield guard while a second Shield , pinky carruther ( on horseback ) , telephone ahead ... pinky carruther the prof just roll in . say he 's on he way to the lab and " do not disturb . " int . studio computer room - night 243 reno on the phone , get the word on hikita while the other Cavaliers watch billy call up a strange senseless maze of letter and number on he monitor ... rawhide try a new cipher . try G. billy G cipher . there ! more like it ! new jersey Nice work , kid . 244 close up screen : the letter have at least turn into something coherent ... a batch of name and date , vital statistic ... head " yoyodyne . " 245 billy look like we have access they read only memory ... a personnel file . could be highly revealing . reno ( rejoining the group ) the professor just pull in , jabber something about space monster , lock himself in he lab . perfect tommy " Space monster " ... my ass . int . hallway / buckaroo's house - night 246 Mrs. Johnson lead penny down a richly panele corridor past picture and momento of buckaroo and the Cavaliers , past and present ... mrs . johnson I be sure the boy like you . they just do not wanna get attach ... and then see what happen to buckaroo 's last sweetheart happen to you . penny priddy what happen to she ? Mrs. Johnson bite she tongue ... mrs . johnson you know any judo ? penny priddy any what ? mrs . johnson do not worry , I will not hurt you . penny stare at this strange young girl , not know what to say ... penny priddy what 's up that stair ? mrs . johnson bunkhouse . off limit . you will be bedding down in here . ... Mrs. Johnson open a guest room door ... penny eyeing that forbidden stair ... int . studio computer room - night 247 billy this be queer ... look ... billy stare intently at the monitor ... the other lean in ... 248 close on monitor : a list of identical date and place next to a raft of name . 249 billy all this people apply for driver ' license in the same town in New Jersey on the exact same date . new jersey New Jersey ? billy forty-six yoyodyne employee . grover 's mill , New Jersey , 11/1/38 . rawhide grover 's Mills , grover ' Mills ... 1938 . why 's that so darn familiar ? reno look like none of this guy ever live anywhere else . no place of birth . and all of they with the same first name : John . New Jersey study the screen ... new jersey November 1 , thirty day have September , April , June , and November ... when short February 's do , all the rest have thirty - one . October 31st ! Halloween ! do not you get it ? ( obviously not ) Orson Welles ! billy you mean the guy from the old wine commercial ? new jersey Halloween . 1938 ... " War of the world " ... that fake radio news broadcast that get everybody scared , think that real live martian be landing in grover 's mill , New Jersey ! but then it all just turn out to be a hoax . billy then that 's it ! reno what 's it ? new jersey right ! hoax my eye ! reno you mean - -? no ! billy yes ! martian ! right across the river in grover 's Mills ! ext . front gate / buckaroo's house - night 250 pinky carruther aboard he palomino as JOHN parker ( the only alien to escape the black thermopod ) ride up outside the gate on a bicycle ... hold a strange yellow record in he grasp ... pinky carruther hi , buddy , what can I do for ya ? JOHN parker buckaroo banzai ? pinky carruther you a messenger ? what have you get here ? pinky carruther snatching the odd yellow record through the gate ... JOHN parker I need see buckaroo banzai in person . my name be John parker . identify yourself . pinky carruther knight Commander , pinky carruther . sorry , John , all this people " need see " buckaroo in person . and with that pinky carruther be go , trot up toward the mansion on he palomino ... ... as a frustrated John parker suddenly stick he nose in the air , get a whiff of something , cause he to get on he bike and pedal ... ext . outside security wall - night 251 ... around the corner of buckaroo 's estate where he notice a parked van and three shadowy figure lowering themselves into the ground near the high security wall ... disappear ... ... John parker approach , behold ... that familiar " yoyodyne " van ... and a freshly dug hole , crawl into the hold himself . ext . banzai institute ground - night 252 ... surfacing within the wall of the estate and again catch sight of the shadowy figure move toward the building , John parker follow ... quickly ducking behind a tree , try to get himself a good view of the three intruder ... sudden voice that 's as far as you go , pal . John parker jerk he head around , find himself confront the frightening silhouette of a Blue Shield in camouflage commando gear ... 253 ... John parker instinctively raise a hand to protect himself when without warning , a second blue shield drop on he head from the tree above , knock he down ... int . garage - night 254 close ... SAM , the mechanic , next to buckaroo 's precious jet car , tinkering with that damage harley davidson ... the garage door suddenly slide open , startling Sam ... no one there . SAM okay , who 's the funny guy ? ext . garage - night 255 in the bus , close on something weird emerging slowly from teh alien JOHN bigboot's mouth ... sharp ... Sam step forward ... a five - pronged organic stinger the size of a walnut flying out of the night ! a scream die in Sam 's throat as he clutches he heart , John bigboot drag he back into the garage . int . garage - night 256 ... while the red alien John Gomez remain outside as a lookout , the alien John O'Connor quickly peer into the lock jet car and smash the window , search in vain for the oscillation overthruster ... JOHN o'connor not here ! no overthruster ! JOHN bigboot John whorfin will kill we ! JOHN o'connor you look ! it 's not here ! JOHN gomez Professor hikita ! ext . garage - night 257 outside , John Gomez make a startling discovery : the figure of Professor hikita near a upstairs window of the research building only yard away ... when suddenly overhead ... 258 gomez' Pov ... casper lindley' chopper ... landing behind a stand of tree as the alien intruder scatter for cover . int . den - night 259 Mrs. Johnson sit near a crackle fire , at a small desk stack high with book and papers , she nose in a advanced chemical engineering text . ... look up as the front door open , admit buckaroo banzai , casper and scooter bring up the rear ... mrs . johnson buckaroo ! buckaroo banzai be the professor here ? where 's penny ? mrs . johnson both of them safe and sound . what 's go on ? everybody 's freakin ' out . a shake rawhide , reno , perfect Tommy appear on the stairway ... reno they be arachtoid , buckaroo , from Planet 10 ! buckaroo banzai what ? how do you know that ? rawhide it 's all on the record . come on - buckaroo head up the stair ... 260 upstair hallway ... buckaroo moving quickly down the corridor with he man , be debrief on the run : buckaroo banzai Planet 10 ? the same Planet 10 you postulate beyond Pluto , perfect Tommy ? the invisible body ? perfect tommy yeah , but most of them blast in through the eighth dimension in 1938 at grover 's Mills , New Jersey ... reno ... where there be some kinda giant crash landing , a huge explosion and they fool Orson Welles into cover it up ! and then they found yoyodyne propulsion system and hide there for ... buckaroo banzai Orson Wells ? what about Doctor lizardo ? perfect tommy lizardo cause it all . because he be already here on earth , screwing around with he own stupid overthruster . rawhide faulty design . it suck . reno ... but he be not the real Doctor lizardo ... just this arachtoid creep that steal the good doc 's body the year before in the eighth dimension when prof . hikita 's lab explode ... buckaroo banzai stole he body ? when Doctor lizardo 's hair turn red and he mind snap ? of course ! what else ? perfect tommy it would not tell we the whole story until you get here . it be not to talk to the head honcho . buckaroo banzai it ? who do ? int . institute laboratory - night 261 Professor hikita and he assistant toil away , start at ... 262 ... a elaborate electron- tube apparatus that just now being to produce tiny glowing GREEN particle ... 263 ... the professor excited , confuse ... recheck buckaroo 's equation on he forehead by look into a mirror . int . buckaroo's study - night 264 ... while billy place John parker 's unusual yellow record on a turntable in buckaroo 's cluttere office ... casper and scooter and the Cavaliers seek protection behind a plexiglas ' blackboard ' , they face see through a maze of mathematical symbol and equation ... 265 ... buckaroo at he messy desk with a can of beer , fascinated to see he still possesses enough static electricity in he hand to draw a sheet of paper up from the blotter like a magnet ! reno stand back , man ... 266 ... as the needle now come down on the yellow disc , and amid a flurry of smoke and SPARKS , a gorgeous black human femal sizzle up from the groove of the record and hover in mid-air ... a hologram ! hologram salutation , great buckaroo banzai . I be John emdall from Planet 10 . a common grave danger confront both we world . int . corridor - night 267 meanwhile out in the corridor , Mrs. Johnson advance with a load of cold beer and birdseye burrito ... pass by a figure freeze in the shadow ... our Pov : the alien JOHN o'connor . Mrs. Johnson go , none the wiser . int . buckaroo's study - night 268 Mrs. Johnson enter , drop some of she load in shock at the sight of beautiful John emdall float free in the center of the room ... mrs . johnson oh , wow ... reno pick she thing up , as Mrs. Johnson back away from the hologram and stick the burrito in a portable microwave oven in the corner of buckaroo 's desk ... 269 JOHN emdall after a bloody reign of terror , the hate leader of we military caste , the self - proclaim " Lord " whorfin , a bloodthirsty butcher as evil as you Hitler be overthrown by freedom - loving force , try , and condemn , along with several hundred of he follower , to spend eternity in the formless void of the eighth dimension . death be deem too good for they ilk . 270 reno do you tell penny buckaroo want to see she ? mrs . johnson she 's not in she room ... I look . buckaroo banzai will everybody please shut up so I can hear this thing ? 271 JOHN emdall be it not for the experiment of you father and Professor hikita and the real Doctor lizardo , then John whorfin would still be lock safely away on another plane of existence . 272 rawhide and pinky carruther hold a whisper conversation elsewhere in the room ... pinky carruther " John parker " I think he call himself , this rasta man on a bike dress up in aluminum foil . with a weird album ...how the hell be I suppose to know he come from outer space ? buckaroo move dangerously close to the hologram ... John emdall suddenly point right at the great man ... 273 JOHN emdall and now , you , buckaroo banzai , have unintentionally help John whorfin further with you oscillation overthruster ! for we intelligence warn we that John whorfin be about to make good he escape from Earth back through the eighth dimension ... and on to Planet 10 ! if he should attempt this we will have no choice but to disrupt worldwide electronic communication and fire a particle beam weapon from you airspace to smolensk , in the Union of the Soviet Socialist republic . perfect tommy a action the kremlin will most certainly misinterpret as a american first strike ! JOHN emdall exactly , perfect Tommy . the Soviets will retaliate . you President widmark will launch a massive counterforce strike ... and within twenty minute the danger to Planet 10 will be remove ... reno God , if it 's not one thing it 's another . JOHN emdall but ... because we be good guy , we be give you a chance to save you planet . stop John whorfin before sunrise ! if you fail we will be force to help you destroy yourselves . end of discussion . 274 there 's a awful pause ... and then a screech as John emdall spiral downward into the groove of the record again . 275 casper lindley she gotta be kiddin ' , right ? vaporize the whole damn planet --? buckaroo banzai you wanna take the chance , casper ? casper lindley not I . no way . buckaroo banzai rawhide , go find out how Professor hikita 's come with that formula . Mrs. Johnson , take casper and scooter , gas up the jet car . scooter lindley wow , you know it ! buckaroo head for the door ... reno where be you goin ' ? buckaroo banzai to get my gun . perfect tommy his gun ? Holy shit . int . institute laboratory - night 276 ... Professor hikita and he assistant lean over the electron tube apparatus , remove a rubber stopper from one of the receptacle , in the process getting a accidental whiff of that bizarre glowing GREEN compound ... Professor hikita and assistant let out gasp , see a sight that nearly stop they heart ... there Pov 277 at the window ... JOHN bigboot ... and a red arachtoid ! 278 Professor hikita , petrify , step back , grab the oscillation overthruster and knock over a chair , as the alien creature smashes the window ! int . institute corridor - night 279 rawhide , hearing scream from the Professor 's laboratory , race down the corridor , gun draw ... int . buckaroo's bedroom - night 280 buckaroo come into he bedroom , open a dresser drawer when suddenly ... a noise behind he ! buckaroo whirling instinctively with twin ebony handle colt a fraction of a second from fire ... at penny ! ... the latter poke she head out of buckaroo 's closet just long enough to see he aim he silver pistol , jump back into the closet , slamm the door ... a exasperate buckaroo step over to the closet , find it lock ... knock ... buckaroo banzai open up or I will shoot it off . penny priddy I will shoot yours off if I have a gun , you double-dealing casanova ! I think you like I for myself . but why should you , huh ? a jerk like I . buckaroo understanding at last the reason for penny 's odd behavior , see the photograph on he bedstand of a young , possibly not - yet - so-world - famous buckaroo banzai in tuxedo ... he pretty companion a dead ringer for penny . buckaroo banzai penny , look - penny' voice you look . who be she ? buckaroo banzai that 's kinda complicated to get into right now because the world 's maybe come to a end and I can not stand here and talk to a closet door . penny' voice yeah , whose world be come to a end ? you only want I because I remind you of she . buckaroo fidget , precious second tick away ... buckaroo banzai penny , I be go to get into that , but I have not have time ... with arachtoid and all ... but briefly she be you long lose twin sister , we get marry , and that 's about all I can say . right now . ( no response ) penny ? a silence from the other side , the closet door unlock ... slowly open , revealing penny stand in the middle of a pile of female clothing ... penny priddy married - -? so that 's it ! buckaroo banzai , a marry man . where be she ? with the kid some place ? buckaroo turn ... penny eyeing he , penetrate he soul ... penny priddy she must have be a bigger fool than I if she run out on a guy like you ... buckaroo banzai she be kill , penny . penny priddy oh , my . buckaroo banzai do not go to piece . I have not get time tonight . a pregnant pause , the pain evident on buckaroo 's face as he turn back to the job at hand , pick up he holster and rummage through the dresser drawer , fight back the painful memory ... penny priddy look like you be the one might go to piece . buckaroo banzai where 's my damn ammo ? nothing be ever where it 's suppose to be around here ! penny priddy how do she die ? I wanna know . buckaroo banzai you do not wanna know . penny priddy yes , I do . gimme a chance . I be stronger than you think . buckaroo banzai she be murder by hanoi shan on we wedding night . penny priddy hanoi shan --? the guy in you comic book . boss of the World crime League ? Supreme Commander of the legion of death ? the pivot of mystery himself ? you be put I on . he 's a cartoon character . buckaroo banzai I wish he be . he 's real enough . penny have to sit down and think about this as buckaroo strap on he gun ... change he tear and shred jacket ... penny look at a buckaroo banzai comic book on the night stand ... then at the frame photograph of Peggy ... penny priddy God , she 's so young and beautiful . I do not remember she at all . which I guess be good , under the circumstance . I bet you will never forget she though . one look at buckaroo say it all ... buckaroo banzai never . penny priddy I gotta be honest with myself and not repress this feeling - I have get mix emotion - I do not know if I can handle this . oh , boy ... buckaroo banzai I gotta go . we be on borrow time . penny priddy go where ? where be you go ? buckaroo banzai ( squatting close to she ) please , penny . you just gotta trust I now . okay ? and do not panic . because it 's gonna be all right . penny priddy what ? if we just believe in buckaroo banzai ? buckaroo banzai yeah ... and maybe more important , if you believe in yourself . penny priddy believe in penny priddy ? buckaroo banzai absolutely . penny look into he eye ... penny priddy you have get you six gun strapped on . you be ridding off on another adventure ? oh , my God , it 's all real ... it really be real . I should go with you . please ... buckaroo banzai it 's too dangerous . penny priddy that 's just what you would say . this be so unreal . I be dream ... Starry -ey , she lean forward to kiss he , buckaroo about to oblige when they finger touch , penny get a mild electrical SHOCK ... ... the door suddenly open and perfect Tommy stick he head in ... 281 perfect tommy ( breathless ) buckaroo - -! sorry -- buckaroo banzai what be it , Tommy ? perfect tommy Sam 's dead ! someone break into the jet car ! and thing be go haywire over at the lab ... buckaroo run for the door , call over he shoulder to penny : buckaroo banzai stay here , I will be back . penny priddy sure . I will not hold my breath . ext . buckaroo's house - night 282 buckaroo , the Cavaliers , and the lindley race out of the house toward the research building ... int . buckaroo's bedroom - night 283 penny hurriedly change clothes ... put on Peggy 's clothes ... when suddenly the sight of JOHN o'connor stand in the hallway door , leer at she ... penny priddy whadda you want ? John O'Connor , remember she from the press conference ... JOHN o'connor nothing right now , penny priddy . John O'Connor vanish ... penny again at a loss ... int . banzai institute - night 284 buckaroo and the Cavaliers run inside , racing up a bright yellow staircase to the second floor ... int . institute laboratory - night 285 buckaroo and the Cavaliers enter , find the motionless lab assistant in Professor hikita 's wreck laboratory ... buckaroo banzai Dead . damnit ! perfect tommy where 's the professor ? reno where 's rawhide ? casper who would do a thing like this ? new jersey arachtoid . buckaroo banzai spread out . they can not be far . int . institute corridor - night 286 shot of Cavaliers in empty hallway , gun draw , discover evidence of intruder ... office ransacked , furniture upset ... experiment fouled up ... 287 ... buckaroo turn a corner , find a SMALL amount of smoke in the hallway ... turn the corner ... int . drafting room - night 288 ... step into a large room cloud with smoke from a burn file cabinet , rawhide and a hulding form struggle in the gloom ... ... buckaroo unable to get a clear shot at the beast when suddenly rawhide succeed in knock he adversary to the floor , the " man " hissing ! rawhide look out , buckaroo ! rawhide put himself in the line of fire , suddenly clutching he lower back ... buckaroo start toward rawhide but ... rawhide behind you ! buckaroo turn as the shadow of the alien JOHN o'connor fall on he back ! ... buckaroo fire he gun , wound the creature , the disorient figure retreate out into the corridor as buckaroo turn in time to see rawhide 's assailant dive into a hole in the floor ! a hole in the floor ? buckaroo banzai you okay ? rawhide yeah . just graze I . the Professor 's under the floor too ... with the overthruster ... buckaroo edging toward that strange orifice in the linoleum , go into it himself ... int . downstair corridor - night 289 as penny rush in , she ear pick up weird noise ... the SOUND of people in the acoustical tile overhead ... penny try to follow the racket down the first - floor hallway ... int . crawl space - night 290 buckaroo in the dim light of the crawl space , make he way past air - conditioning duct toward the sound of someone or something crawl up ahead ... buckaroo banzai Professor --!? prof . hikita's voice here , buckaroo ! sound in the darkness , buckaroo hold he pistol still at the ready but useless in this cramped quarter ... buckaroo find a worklight , flick it on ... int . downstair office - night 291 penny meanwhile follow the noise and voice overhead into a empty office , grab a ladder and knock out a ceiling panel ... penny priddy buckaroo ! rawhide ! reno ? anybody ? 292 another Pov ... unfortunately someone else be watch penny from inside that very office ... the wounded John O'Connor sit in a swivel desk chair behind the door , ooze blood of a strange color and consistency , stare ferociously at penny ... more clatter overhead ... as penny elevate herself partially into the hole ... int . crawl space - night 293 penny' Pov ... Professor hikita only yard away , on he belly , able to come no further , unable to wedge himself beneath a large duct ... the arachtoid John bigboot close in behind the professor ... buckaroo close in behind bigboot . prof . hikita take it , young lady ! grab it ! 294 unseen by John bigboot , the overthruster skitter across the crawl space and into penny 's hand ! int . downstair office - night 295 penny step down off the chair and onto the desk top , she back still to the wounded John O'Connor as she quickly stuff the overthruster into she purse ... a action unseen by the ghastly , bleed thug who ... 296 ... extend he arm up and across the room ... he human hand tightening around her mouth ... int . crawl space - night 297 buckaroo advance toward the professor ... prof . hikita's voice go back , buckaroo ! the arachtoid John bigboot whirling , fire a stinger that whizze past buckaroo 's head , miss by inch ... as buckaroo fire twice ... John bigboot scream ... kick at a small fresh air vent , somehow squeezing he huge body out the tiny open like a rat . int . drafting room - night 298 buckaroo help Professor hikita up out of the floor ... rawhide lie very still now , surround by reno , perfect Tommy and New Jersey ... ... one look between New Jersey and buckaroo sufficient to tell we that rawhide have not get a chance ... buckaroo kneel beside he old pal , rawhide force a smile ... rawhide you be a welcome sight ... buckaroo banzai just ' graze ' you , huh ? New Jersey extract a strange many - pronged stinger from rawhide 's back . buckaroo look at it ... rawhide maintain a sense of humor ... rawhide Apache ? buckaroo banzai arachtoid . rawhide so I be right . that 's nice to know ... across the room , pinky carruther come in with casper and scooter lindley , and that black man from Planet 10 , John parker ... pinky carruther we find the guy , rawhide , sucker dig a hole and try to ... pinky 's word catch in he throat as he see rawhide 's condition . 299 buckaroo turn , see not a ' guy ' but a giant arachtoid stand there ... 300 rawhide fade fast , buckaroo lobbing the stinger to " John parker " ... buckaroo banzai any antidote for this thing ? John parker hold the stinger in he palm ... JOHN parker no , none . ... as it suddenly come alive ! he drop it to the floor , stomp it to death ... perfect tommy that mean you be on we side ? rawhide ( sink ) we gotta stop them , buckaroo . buckaroo turn from the black arachtoid to he die buddy ... buckaroo banzai we will , old fry , we will . rawhide sure do pack a mean wallop ... let 's go ... but rawhide close he eye for the final time , as buckaroo feel for a pulse ... the look in the great man' eye say it all ... sadness mix with anger ... buckaroo banzai there 's another one we owe them . ... the SOUND of a helicopter starting up ... casper lindley they be steal my chopper ! the Cavaliers racing for the window ... reno and they get penny ! look ! buckaroo banzai do not shoot ! prof . hikita she have the overthruster ! JOHN parker then you planet be doom . buckaroo banzai no! ( calmer ) we will get it back . buckaroo shove perfect Tommy aside , at the window himself now . 301 buckaroo's Pov ... a fleeting glimpse of the stolen lindley chopper ... int . walter reed army hospital - night 302 close on the familiar face of the Secretary of Defense see from a unusual angle ... pulling back to reveal president widmark lie on he belly , surround by the electronics of he temporary set of government , stare down at a special mirror that reflect he Secretary of Defense , the Secretary press a point further a ignite a camel with a lighter from the President 's nightstand . secretary of defense it 's not buckaroo banzai per se , Mr. President . it 's he man ... some of then foreigner ... asiatics , they name change , they true background shroud in secrecy ! I mean , when you come right up against it , what do we really know about any of them ? a nurse appear with two little pill ... nurse this will make you a tenny bit drowsy , Mr. President . president widmark that 's okay , bonnie , I will not be operate any heavy machinery today . secretary of defense ( desperate ) we have never have a weapon like the jet car in the past , Mr. President . Light -weight , highly mobile , stick on some anti-tank missile , a couple grenade launcher , hell , we could buy ourselves two hundred jet Cars for the price of ten tank , send them swarm all over Ivan like bumble bee , sir , right clear through they precious little Iron curtain like it be swiss cheese ! they gotta be just scared shitless ! president widmark as be all sane man today . secreatry of defense hey , and I too . that 's why I be say until buckaroo banzai agree to submit he boy to at least a routine government security check , that jet car should be in the hand of Defense , and if they will not sell we the technology , then Mr. President , by God , sir , we have get to take it ! in the national interest . the lighter in the Secretary 's hand suddenly beeping , startling he and prompt the President to claim the gizmo and point it at ... 303 ... a astounding tv - telephone where the face of buckaroo banzai appear ... president widmark World watch one . direct income transmission . buckaroo banzai on tv hello , Mr. President . how 's my favorite patient ? any tenderness ? president widmark that which do not kill we make we stronger , buckaroo . what 's it like out there in the real world ? Secretary of Defense mckinley step around behind the bed , come into buckaroo 's field of vision ... buckaroo banzai on tv not too terrific , sir . I apologize for the interruption but something very unusual have rear its ugly head in outer space , and it look like the Earth 's catch in a crossfire . president widmark you be gonna have to repeat that , I think , buckaroo . ext . buckaroo's bus - night 304 on a highway somewhere near the Eastern seaboard , buckaroo 's bus speed toward yoyodyne ... int . world watch one / bus - night 305 buckaroo stand at a tv - telephone in he mobile electronic nerve CENTER , the arachtoidal John parker right at he side amid a flurry of activity ... technician accumulate info on the alien father ship from planet 10 ... buckaroo banzai to cut right to the bottom line on this , sir , we have reason to believe that there be move freely among we , vicious red alien disguise as the owner and operator of yoyodyne propulsion system . ... perfect Tommy , reno , even casper lindley , come in and out of the picture , transform themselves into a crack commando unit don assault / chemical - warfare uniform ... little scooter lindley among they , too , do like he dad . 306 secretary of defense on tv yoyodyne propulsion ? the people work on we truncheon bomber ? under control of alien national ? reds ? commy , you say ? 307 ... New Jersey study a initial computer enhancement of the awesome black arachtoid ship head toward earth ... 308 buckaroo banzai not exactly , Mr. Secretary , no . Real alien . giant red arachtoid camouflage as human being ... and what they be really building , forget you truncheon bomber , Mr. Secretary , be this enormous rocketship to escape back through the eighth dimension and then on to Planet 10 . secretary of defense on tv now wait one second ... buckaroo banzai the gentleman stand here with I be call John parker , and he can corroborate everything I have say because he 's from Planet 10 too . int . walter reed army hospital - night 309 the President dumbfounded ... John parker on tv appear as nothing more than a wild and wooly rastafarian ... president widmark buckaroo ... you and I , we go back a long , long way together ... but ... JOHN parker on tv ( interrupt ) time be short , Mr. President . to prevent John whorfin 's escape , my comrade be at this moment take up a geostationary position over New Jersey . this situation be explosive ! president widmark explosive ? what be you say , man ? some kind of race war in New Jersey --? buckaroo banzai no , sir . this ' man ' as you call he , be not a human be , Mr. President . he 's a black arachtoid . secretary of defense that 's some kind of spider , be not it ? int . world watch one / bus - night 310 New Jersey join Professor hikita at a microscope , analyze a slide smear with that weird alien ' blood ' ... president widmark on tv buckaroo , my good friend ... I would like to help you ... but do not you think I would have hear from my sac radar by now if ... int . walter reed army hospital - night 311 buckaroo banzai on tv sac would not know what to look for , sir . because this black arachtoid be cleverly hide inside a huge thundercloud . the Secretary of Defense take action , pick up a phone ... secretary of defense get I John bigboote at yoyodyne propulsion system , Inc. then ... ( to the President ) ... the FBI . let 's see if this spade 's want . what the hell 's he name again ? Jackson ? JOHN parker on tv parker . I have deliver a hologram from my president , John emdall , who have make it clear that unless John whorfin be destroy at once , she intend to fire a atomic beam from you american airspace ... buckaroo banzai on tv ... hit smolensk and precipitate a thermonuclear war , Mr. President . president widmark a what ? buckaroo banzai on tv a thermonuclear holocaust , sir . this creature from Planet 10 be ready to exploit Soviet - american tension and get we to blow each other off the face of the earth , sir , if necessary . president widmark you be quite serious about this , be not you , buckaroo . we know each other pretty well , I think . secretary of defense John ...? John bigboote ? right , bigboot , sorry . anyway , hey , guy , how 's everything over there at yoyodyne ? how 's my big bomber come ? nothing out of the , you know , ordinary ? spider ? I know you be busy ... lunch ? sound good ... when 's good for you ? next Tuesday ? I be write it down in my book . see you then ... uncle Sam 's treat . the Secretary write nothing down , hang up , look unsatisfy with the conversation just conclude . int . world watch one / bus - night 312 buckaroo glance over at Professor hikita and New Jersey , the latter squinting into the microscope ... president widmark on tv well . I do not know what to say , buckaroo ... alien from Planet 10 , nuclear extortion , spider in thunder cloud , a girl name " John " ... new jersey there 's you answer ! electromagnetic bacterial crap ! prof . hikita programmable ! new jersey we inhale the bacteria . it swim to we cerebral cortex and reprogram we consciousness . diabolical . we only see what they want we to see . prof . hikita electric brainwashing . John parker nearby , help reno synthesize more of Professor hikita 's arachtoidal antidote and pour the liquid into gas mask filter ... secretary of defense mckinley stepping closer into the picture ... secretary of defense on tv just curious , buckaroo , but where 's the jet car at this day ? buckaroo banzai I have get it , Mr. Secretary . but unfortunately the oscillation overthruster be in penny priddy 's possession and she 's be kidnap and take to yoyodyne , further exacerbate the situation . we be on we way there right now . int . walter reed army hospital - night 313 president widmark who the hell 's penny priddy ? the Secretary of Defense give the President a sly ' I tell you so ' look ... int . world watch one / bus - night 314 perfect Tommy come over , interrupt ... perfect tommy buckaroo , John parker have the arachtoid cloud on line 2 ! int . walter reed army hospital - night 315 buckaroo banzai on tv Excuse I a moment , Mr. President . we be talk to the cloud right now . and he image fade . president widmark good God ... the President pick up the phone ... secretary of defense well , if it be not buckaroo banzai , I would say commit the man . president widmark get I sac hq : omaha , norad , and the Strategic Space Command . I want some hard data on that cloud . we get any killer satellite over Jersey - -? int . world watch one / bus - day 316 everyone study a much more detailed computer enhancement of the alien cloud ... the alien John parker on the phone , whisper ... 317 reno they be armed for bear , buckaroo . check out that radiation level . buckaroo banzai ( to John parker ) John parker , tell they we be do we best . stall . JOHN parker ( into phone ) buckaroo banzai say patience be a virtue , wing Commander , sir . perfect Tommy interrupt again , hold yet another telephone ... perfect tommy it 's whorfin , buckaroo . line 3. buckaroo banzai whorfin ? do he know we be come ? int . speed operator' pulpit ( yoyodyne ) - night 318 meanwhile in a grimy narrow control booth high above the factory floor , a terrify penny priddy sit bound and gag , John O'Connor spread the content from a honey - bear squeeze bottle over she naked arm while long trail of ordinary picnic ant make they way up she leg ... John bigboot look on ... penny 's unopened big clear plastic purse on Doctor lizardo 's desk , the overthruster right under he nose and he do not even know it as he speak into the phone hand to he by a assistant . begin intercutting . doctor lizardo well , well ... Dr. banzai . perhaps you do not remember I ? ah , I be flatter . we know the same people . in fact , one of they be here with I now ... you associate , Doctor penny priddy . 319 buckaroo banzai " Doctor " - -? 320 doctor lizardo May I pass along my congratulation for you great achievement . in the miserable annal of the Earth , you will be duly enshrine ! however ... ( a pause ) ... miss priddy claim to be unable to solve my problem . and provide the crucial miss circuit for my overthruster . perhaps you can convince she to try . lizardo hold the phone toward penny , rip she gag off ... penny priddy I be not worth it , buckaroo ! forget I ! buckaroo banzai penny --?! be you all right ? Doctor lizardo yanking the phone from penny , remain silent for a second to torture buckaroo 's soul ... buckaroo banzai she know nothing , lizardo . doctor lizardo then shall we say " a penny for you thought ? " you can come in she place . yoyodyne , Dr. banzai . come alone , with you overthruster ! ( hang up ) he will bring it . I know he type . penny glance surreptitiously at she large transparent purse , the overthruster in a jumble of cosmetics ! doctor lizardo take she to the pit ! use more honey . find out what she know . smiling smugly , lizardo head for the door , penny squirming in she seat as the tiny ant dig in ... penny priddy who be you ? hanoi shan ? the scourge of burma ! the pivot of mystery ? well , you be not destroy I like you do my sister ! lizardo simply sneering at she as he go out the door ... int . passenger section / bus - night 321 a flurry of well - order activity take place ... Hong Kong Cavaliers and Blue Shield irregular along with pinky carruther . casper and scooter ... sit up front like paratrooper , clean they back - pack flamethrower ... sawed -off shotguns ... buckaroo give they a chalk talk , a aerial photograph of yoyodyne on the clear plexiglas ' blackboard ' ... buckaroo banzai this antidote filter the Professor 's whipped up will let you to see they like I have since yesterday , as arachtoidal creature . they will not be pretty , nothing personal , John parker . but just remember ... if we fail tonight , there 's no tomorrow . JOHN parker they will never surrender . they will fight to the end . buckaroo nodd ... the cavalier breating there antidote filter , seeing now " the alien " JOHN parker with a mixture of disbelief and horror ... casper and scooter lindley especially unsettle ... buckaroo banzai I be work under the assumption that penny still have the overthruster . that will be my job : get it back in one piece . here 's the main gate . I will pass through first , alone . the rest of you divide into two strike group - Apache team ... that 's you , reno ... and chaparral team , perfect Tommy . John parker will ride with chaparral . perfect Tommy not too thrilled about that . buckaroo banzai top priority be the overthruster . whorfin can not escape without it . the build - in tracking device should make it relatively simple to locate ... maybe hard to get . int . bowel of yoyodyne - night 322 penny be drag by John O'Connor through a slimy underground corridor , past a strange piece of machinery . int . walter reed hospital - night 323 the President of the United States talk into a cigarette lighter and peek up a nurse 's skirt by mean of he floor mirror ... 324 mirrore Pov : the nurse 's reflection replace by that of he national security advisor ... 325 president widmark buckaroo , come in ...over . how do this damn thing work ? can anybody figure this lighter out ? national security man no , sir . I think the flint ... president widmark what 's happen with my call to sac ? national security man still no confirmation either from sac or Strategic Space Command . they report all surveillance satellite communication jamme . president widmark jamme - -? by who ? whom by ? national security man possible atmospheric condition , sir ... solar . it 's unusual , but no cause for alarm . Intelligence report the Soviets be have the same problem . president widmark should we be on code Red ? general catburd we go to code Red , the Russians go to code Red ... no sense jump off half - cocked , Mr. President . the President twist around to glower at catburd eat a orange , sit near a table of flower and fruit basket . senator cunningham I do not know ... buckaroo banzai 's never be wrong before . Senator cunningham pace nervously ... general catburd the man go through solid matter , for cry out loud . who know what it do to he brain ... maybe scramble he molecule . all I be say be , let 's not panic here ! I be sure there 's a rational explanation ... national security advisor ( turn from a strange phone ) Russian radar be down , sir . they have just go to code Red . silence . and then calmly and quietly : president widmark we have get no choice then . call my wife . the National Security advisor turn back to he telephone : national security advisor code Red . " butch say we be crimson . " general catburd Mr. President , none of we here be lunatic or irrational man ... ( look at cunningham ) ... or person . I be a soldier and I be a damn good one , enough decoration to snap a Christmas tree , but I do not mind tell you , I be sure I speak for everyone in this room when I say I be scared . I be barely hold my fudge right now . senator cunningham stop act like a goddamn schoolgirl , General , and pull yourself together . president widmark I be glad someone have the ball to face fact ! ( pause ) forget we be the good guy and we would never attack first . they think we be godless monster just like they . put yourself in they samovar ... sit in the dark without radar , bell ringing all over the damn kremlin , little man in fedora hat get out of Zil , come into the great Hall of the people . now , do you think they be gonna listen to reason ? I will give buckaroo he Planet 10 space cloud , but do you think they will ? national security advisor ( be hand a dispatch ) Soviet radar be down , sir , and so be ours . we be both totally defenseless . more or less . general catburd hail Mary . president widmark so what 's we counter option , General catburd ? earn you salary . general catburd I guess we have to prick this boil and take the heat , sir . hit them primero ... blast them off the face of the Earth before they lose they head and do it to we first . president widmark Larry , where 's my football ? national security advisor out in the hall , sir . int . walter reed hospital corridor - night 326 a apple-cheek Marine Lieutenant sit watch a television soap opera , only the sinister black briefcase chain to he wrist set he apart from mission of other viewer ... General catburd stick he head out of the President 's room ... general catburd what be you wait for , boy ? get in here with that thing . ... as a out - of - breath Mrs. Johnson round the corner on rollerskate , out - fox secret service agent and the rest of the President 's entourage , cut through , clutching the yellow record ... mrs . johnson for the President ! from buckaroo banzai! ext . rendezvous point - night 327 a dimly light parking lot not far from yoyodyne . a kolodny bros . plumbing van arrive , disgorge several tough blue shield as buckaroo and Professor hikita confer ... the alien John parker do some highly unusual warm - up exercise on the tarmac ... reno tell the arrive Blue shield : reno we be wait for the jet car . billy 's bring it . perfect tommy asshole probably get lose . new jersey or nail for speed . buckaroo banzai can I have everyone 's attention ? I be not a rah-rah kinda guy , and I be not much for speech , but thing could get rough out there tonight . it 's a fight we do not ask for , but it 's a fight we be stick with and we all see what happen to rawhide . so if for any reason this be good - bye , I want you all to know that ... well ... that ... you crazy lug ... buckaroo find it difficult to put into word what they all mean to he , the Cavaliers smile , needle he ... reno what , buckaroo ? you try to tell we something ? the jet car racing up , skid to a stop , billy jump out , the big engine still run . buckaroo banzai let 's just fry that arachtoid . buckaroo embrace Professor hikita , turn back to he man , pull on he helmet : buckaroo banzai give I thirty minute . then come in and mop up . buckaroo toss a quick Blue Shield salute , shutting himself into he speed machine . 328 prof . hikita's Pov as buckaroo blast off ... a exhaust trail of white smoke as he rocket up the highway ! int . yoyodyne - night 329 penny priddy , more bedraggle and filthy than ever , be drag by John O'Connor deeper into the bowel of yoyodyne , down a flood subterranean corridor ... int . walter reed army hospital - night 330 close on the president's face ... JOHN emdall's voice over ... talk thermonuclear war ... wrapping she speech up ... whoosh ! president widmark well ... that 's certainly food for think . 331 Mrs. Johnson lift the needle off the smoking record ... as the President 's National Security advisor place a call on that ominous strange phone , a palpable tension rise , urgency border on panic ... ... General catburd and the young Marine lieutenant rummage through a confusion of envelop in the black briefcase . national security advisor no answer at the kremlin , sir . just dead silence . general catburd here you go , Mr. President ... the seal authenticator . the plan D document for you eye only ... John - hancock this , and we get ourselves a knockout little force posture ... senator cunningham you know , on second think , maybe we should think this through a bit more so that future generation of ... the light in the room start to blink on and off ... silencing the Senator ... catburd hand the President a write implement ... pull out a special write tray from the bed ... president widmark " name of the enemy " ? what , Planet 10 ? my hand 's shaking . how on earth can I even ... have to stay awake , alert ... that 's my job . that 's what the people put I here for . int . father ship - night 332 meanwhile inside the strange vaporous entity ... black creature scuttle about they job in semi-darkness , monitoring the Earth below ... black arachtoid commander where be buckaroo banzai ? black arachtoid at scope John parker tell we he 's approach yoyodyne , wing Commander , sir . black arachtoid commander keep I post . ext . MAIN gate / yoyodyne - night 333 ... as buckaroo arrive in he jet car ... red arachtoid guard unlock the chain link barrier , swinging it open ... int . speed operator' pulpit ( yoyodyne ) - night 334 in the nerve center of yoyodyne , a nervous John bigboot watch Dr. lizardo address he ragtag follower on the floor below ... bigboot with he hand on lizardo 's mike cord , try to get up enough nerve to pull the plug on he boss ... doctor lizardo black be on this planet ! here in New Jersey ! come to destroy we ! we must move ! escape or die ! 335 over lizardo' shoulder : a view down below on the litter floor of a huge aircraft factory that house a giant spoaceship of bizarre design , a customize 747 , wingless , jag , the entire vehicle suspend twenty foot off the floor on movable crane , work ladder stretch up to its several door ... doctor lizardo you must work faster to finish the great vehicle . so that we can enter the eighth dimension and free we trap comrade ! so we can return to we homeland and seize power once again ! ... lizardo 's follower extend they three - finger hand in fascist salute as he whip they into a feverish state : back to : 336 dr . lizardo where be we go ? tell I ! red arachtoid to Planet 10 ! dr . lizardo when ? red arachtoid Real soon ! Dr. lizardo peer down at the hangar floor . 337 he Pov of the jet car lock in the iron jaw of a gigantic rolling machine ... int . jet car / launch hangar - night 338 the jet car 's engine shut down , buckaroo checking he overthruster homing device as he 's trundle toward John Gomez , in a graveyard of huge yellow spike , he eye take in everything , from the last- minute preparation of the giant spacecraft to : 339 buckaroo's Pov ... the evil figure of Dr. lizardo and John bigboot stand high in the speed operator 's pulpit ... 340 buckaroo yank out of the cockpit ... John Gomez poke at the jet car be dashboard , rip out its cassette deck , find the crucial overthruster miss and shaking he head in lizardo 's direction . JOHN gomez not here ! there Pov 341 a angry John bigboot racing down the stair toward the jet car ... as over the public address boom : doctor lizardo where be the overthruster ! back to : 342 buckaroo banzai I think you have it ! for that seemingly flippant but honest answer , buckaroo get punch by John bigboot ... double he over ... dr . lizardo' voice take he to the shock Tower ! int . yoyodyne SHOCK tower - night 343 murky , dank , a insect paradise ... buckaroo stand trap inside a electromagnetic field ... John bigboot look on ... ... Dr. lizardo flash two separate , incredibly complex electrical diagram on a monitor screen in rapid-fire order . doctor lizardo solve they ! the shock tower be a lie detector . any untruth triggers a brutal charge to you auditory meatus ... buckaroo banzai you be not get a damn thing outta I until penny 's safe . dr . lizardo curse you , banzai ! do not you realize what you be say ? you planet 's about to be destroy , and you be waste time like this ... buckaroo banzai I have get nothing but time . close on the polygraph needle suddenly jumping ! 344 345 the tower zapping buckaroo , a fierce electric SHOCK tossing he back and forth like a rag doll ... doctor lizardo seal with a curse as sharp as a knife ... doom be you soul , and damned be you life ! lizardo press a button , administer a second SHOCK to buckaroo , while a aide turn a dial , increasing the voltage doctor lizardo I want my miss circuit now ! int / ext . president's helicopter - night 346 a view over the secretary of defense's shoulder as the chopper descend , land in a parking lot where buckaroo 's bus sit guard by Cavaliers and Blue shield ... the camera following the Secretary right out into it all ... a carpet cleaning van arriving , three more tough blue shield irregular reporting for work ... " the rug sucker " . secretary of defense who the hell be that guy ? where 's buckaroo ? int . yoyodyne SHOCK tower - night 347 buckaroo still hold in he electric straitjacket ... lizardo nodd to the arachtoid in charge of a bank of glow close circuit tv set ... the same picture pop onto every set : penny hanging in " the pit " . buckaroo banzai you bloody --! doctor lizardo she will live ... for a while , and she will not enjoy it . lizardo indicate he favorite monitor ... the incomplete overthruster equation flash across its face . doctor lizardo only you can save she from the fate of you friend , Mr. rawhide ! solve this equation . I must have the crucial miss circuit . close on the monitor ... a riot of circuit and junction ... 348 back to : 349 buckaroo banzai the miss circuit 's in you head , whorfin . dr . lizardo whorfin ? how do you know that 's my real name ? buckaroo banzai John emdall tell I . buckaroo smile at lizardo 's surprise , lizardo signal John bigboot who turn on the voltage , zapping buckaroo ! int . buckaroo's bus ( parked ) - night 350 the Secretary of Defense pace the aisle of the bus , look at he watch while the Cavaliers and newly arrive Blue shield conceal they eagerness for battle ... check watch , clean weapon . secretary of defense anybody get a report - anybody get anything ? or be we still black out ? perfect Tommy look back into World watch one ... perfect tommy Light precipitation . partly cloudy tomorrow . secreatary of defense this bus should be in the hand of Defense . ... scooter lindley , wear a gas mask , approach the alien John parker with a blue shield ballpoint pen and a piece of paper ... scooter lindley could I have you autograph , Mr. parker ? John parker at first not understanding the nature of the request ... look at the ball - point pen , scooter flipping the point for he ... scooter lindley say , " to my best friend scooter ... " JOHN parker you get it . ... the Secretary of Defense , nervously cracking he knuckle ... move up the aisle , suddenly scream : scretary of defense what the hell be we do ?! I do not believe this ... what be we wait for ? Christmas ? prof . hikita ( check he watch ) ten minute more . buckaroo 's order . secretary of defense damn buckaroo ! I be the eye and ear of the President of this United States of America ! in loco presidentis ! which mean I be in charge here ! perfect tommy not on this bus , you be not . secretary of defense who the hell do you think you be ? perfect tommy perfect Tommy . that answer alone enough to drive the Secretary up the wall ... secretary of defense well let I tell you something , Mr. perfect Tommy : I do not need this shit . I could be on easy Street with a cushy job in the private sector . but instead , I get I a nine-hundred - million - dollar way - the - hell - behind - schedule top -secret bomber be build down there by yoyodyne propulsion system and I do not intend to set twiddle thumb in a bus while buckaroo banzai go crash around my airplane look for he damn girlfriend , drive a car that itself be probably worth more to this country than all the tea in China ! I be talk National Security risk and we be go in there like gentleman and straighten this thing out before somebody get hurt ! you get that ? ... the Secretary suddenly grab a weapon from a surprised Blue Shield and turn it toward the driver ... reverse angle ... the secretary cracking a shot off at the windshield ! 351 352 secretary of defense hit it , soldier boy ! move this buggy ! that 's a goddamn executive order ! with he weapon train on the driver , who 's to stop he ? perfect tommy go ahead , louie , do like the man say . ext . highway near yoyodyne - night 353 the double bus leaping forward , head down the long approach road to yoyodyne ... past a billboard tout the aerospace achievement of ... yoyodyne - a exciting , growing company ... just one mile ahead ... patrolled by aircraft . int . buckaroo's bus - night 354 the Cavaliers let the Secretary of Defense call the shot for the moment , talk among themselves , perfect Tommy squelching any notion of knock off they hysterical hijacker : perfect tommy ( whisper ) hey , so we get into action quick this way . we tell buckaroo we watch be fast . ordinary citizen John parker take a step toward the Secretary , offer he a gas mask ... the Secretary turn on he ... secretary of defense that 's far enough , black boy ... a mystify John parker step back . 355 angle toward windshield ... the Secretary peer through the windshield at the chain link gate come into view ... yoyodyne - a equal opportunity employer . reverse on 356 secretary of defense I will handle the negotiation here ... ( to the driver ) slow she down . ext . guard gate / yoyodyne - night 357 the Secretary get out , come around to the redheaded yoyodyne guard who try to peer in through the bus ' tinted window ... secretary of defense you fella get a phone ? Ring ahead and get I John bigboote . tell he ... guard it 's bigboot . secretary of defense what ? Hell , I will do it yourself if I want it do right , huh ? the Secretary push the astonished guard aside and pick up the telephone , the guard try to stop he and in the process turn they back on the bus as it silently cruise past the gate into yoyodyne ... ext . deserted area ( yoyodyne ) - night 358 ... the bus come to a stop in a scrap metal dump inside the big compound , Cavaliers and Blue shield pile out , go with they assign group ... perfect Tommy 's chaparral team follow John parker toward a normal look building ... JOHN parker under here , I think . perfect tommy under where ? hold on ... but John parker enter a crawl space beneath the huge building ... chaparral team have no choice , follow . ext . yoyodyne gate - night 359 the Secretary of Defense struggle with the guard for possession of the phone , draw he steal weapon ... secretary of defense now you get this straight ... you be up to you ass in alligator , and I be here to drain the swamp . so I be gonna use this phone ... because it be all over for you , baby Blue ... ( pick up the phone ) this be the Secretary of Defense at the poorly guard west gate . I wanna speak to John bigboot , person to person . okay , okay ... bigboot . ext . underground entrance / yoyodyne - night 360 reno 's Apache team ( casper and scooter on board ) , find yet another underground entrance to the main building , slip in ... int . underground build - night 361 chaparral team ( the alien , John parker , perfect Tommy ) in the strange labyrinth of dark , low - ceiling passageway , make they way cautiously ... perfect tommy hope you know where you be go , John parker . because my nose be start to whistle ... a form suddenly drop from the ceiling , landing on perfect Tommy , a fierce struggle in the darkness ... John parker to the rescue , garrot a red arachtoid , perfect Tommy help himself up ... perfect tommy thanks . JOHN parker do not mention it . perfect tommy then I will not . int . bivouac room - night 362 ... John parker lead the way again , up some unusual stair ... into the MAIN bivouac room , red arachtoid apparently asleep in bizarre tent , other hang from the ceiling like sloth , a strange heavy humming noise start to fill the room ... JOHN parker they sense we . hurry . John parker break into a run for the far end of the room , perfect Tommy and the other follow , John parker hit the door ... and a alarm goe off ... perfect Tommy open fire at a huge generator ... the power dropping everywhere ! int . yoyodyne SHOCK tower - night 363 light pulsing ... electiricity failing in the murky torture chamber give buckaroo just the change he need to break free of the shock tower . doctor lizardo stop he ! get he ! int . corridor - night 364 buckaroo ducking into a recess doorway , take cover against a wall wet with strange alga as various arachtoid guard scramble past , alarm bell and siren groaning ... doctor lizardo ( to bigboot ) kill the girl ! ... buckaroo lose sight of the swift arachtoid John bigboot , resorting instead to he electronic tracking device while ... int . flooded corridor - night 365 ... reno , New Jersey and pinky carruther bring Apache team down a flood corridor , meeting some opposition . int . dark corridor - night 366 buckaroo spot New Jersey in the confusion , the two of they tracking penny electronically , descend concrete step , move down a dark corridor that we recognize ... int . launch hanger - night 367 the Secretary of Defense meanwhile reach the big hangar , confuse , alarmed , chaos everywhere , shouting over the din : secretary of defense bigboote ! ... spot John bigboot across the hangar floor , go after he , stare bug-ey at the monstrous - looking spacecraft suspend above the hangar floor ... secretary of defense what the hell ... that be not no truncheon bomber , my friend . I never approve that ! int . corridor - night 368 the Secretary follow the speedy John bigboot around a bend , unable to keep up ... secretary of defense bigboote ! bigboot give no indication of see he , round a corner ducking into he office ... ... the Secretary round the corner too but see no sign of bigboot ... instead just a office door , a nameplate read JOHN bigboot , executive vice president ... the Secretary of Defense open the door ... int . bigboot's office - night 369 ... move past a vacant receptionist 's desk to John bigboot 's cavernous , strangely furnish chamber ... empty . secretary of defense bigboote ?! you can run , but you can not hide . I want some fact ! ... but no sign of John bigboot . int . corridor - night 370 buckaroo and New Jersey still tracking penny , move through another flood , slimy corridor we remember ... int . bigboot's office - night 371 ... the Secretary spying a phone on the receptionist 's desk amid scattered oreo cookie , pick the phone up , click it a couple of time to get a dial tone ... totally ignore a amazing framed picture of a red arachtoid mother and child on the desk right in front of he ... secretary of defense operator...operator ...how the hell do a person get a outside line around here ? ...his gaze now focus squarely on that cheap frame photograph of the red arachtoid ... Secretary mckinley lose he bearing ... secretary of defense oh , Lord . never mind ... forget it ... ... he mind reeling , refuse to accept the obvious , the oddly design furniture and chair in the room , somehow insect- like ... a sudden sound ...a woman' scream that seem to come from ... underneath the floor ? ... the Secretary cock he weapon and step around the desk as a amazing thing occur ... a trapdoor in the office floor open , the Secretary go to investigate , able to observe ... 372 he Pov of ... John O'Connor come up a ladder and , in the room below , a barely conscious penny still in she private hell , truss and tape , ant crawling on her arm ... the lurid specter of John bigboot stare at she ... int . the pit - night 373 penny' clear plastic purse unopened on the desk beside her , as the Secretary of Defense suddenly knock John O'Connor down the ladder and jump into the room , injure he ankle ... secretary of defense what the hell 's be go on here , bigboote ? where 's my bomber ? JOHN bigboot that 's ' bigboot ' . secretary of defense I do not give a fly handshake what it be ! where 's my bomber ? JOHN bigboot let 's just climb upstairs to my office and discuss this like two reasonable ... secretary of defense you private life 's you own concern , pal . where the hell be my bomber ? look at this place ... where 's you pride ? it 's like a pigsty down here ! 374 the telescoping arm of John bigboot suddenly shoot out and lift the Secretary off the floor , bang he into the wall ... JOHN bigboot it 's not my goddamn planet ! understand , monkey boy !? ... bizarre lamp swaying as gunfire upstairs prompt bigboot to release the Secretary , to urge O'Connor to head for a door off the hallway ... JOHN o'connor but John whorfin say kill she . JOHN bigboot damn John whorfin--! int . corridor - night 375 bigboot and O'Connor emerge in the hallway ... see by buckaroo banzai and New Jersey as red arachtoid ... JOHN parker look out , buckaroo banzai ! buckaroo turn and just in time , the alien JOHN gomez right behind he ... and behind Gomez , John parker and perfect Tommy with flame thrower ... ... buckaroo and New Jersey hit the deck as the red arachtoid get smoke , the alien John bigboot and John O'Connor escape in the confusion ... int . the pit - night 376 the Secretary of Defense still on the floor , spot the overthruster in penny 's purse , take it just as buckaroo and New Jersey rush into the room ... light sway ... shadow dance ... ... the Secretary struggle to he foot as buckaroo cut penny down ... spraying she with a white insecticide , New Jersey check she vital sign , buckaroo shocking New Jersey accidentally with a jolt of static electricity , as the Secretary slip the overthruster under he coat ... secretary of defense ( to no one in particular ) it 's not over yet ... I will bounce back ... always have . I will come through this thing smell like a goddamn rise - just watch I . the Secretary limping out of the room ... New Jersey try to get penny 's pulse while buckaroo peel back she eyelid ... new jersey leave she to I . you take care of business . buckaroo banzai thanks . buckaroo look at New Jersey , know he can trust he , rummage through penny 's purse ... no overthruster ... int . yoyodyne SHOCK tower - night 377 Dr. lizardo and the alien John O'Connor and the alien John bigboot see they deteriorate position over a close - circuit tv ... video image of the invading force ... doctor lizardo sound the call to board ship ! JOHN bigboot without the crucial miss circuit ? we will never make it ! JOHN o'connor they be only monkey boy ! we can still crush they here --! lizardo pick up a primitive incomplete overthruster the size of a apple crate ... doctor lizardo you hear my order ! activate the special horn ! int . flooded corridor - night 378 buckaroo join the alien John parker , the two of they tear down one of the flood passage ... suddenly cover they ear from that painful , ear -splitting horn ! int . another corridor - night 379 Secretary of Defense mckinley make he way through several red arachtoid run in blind panic ... siren wailing ... secretary of defense come through ! clear it ! int . launch hangar - dawn 380 ... the light of a new day start to glow through grimy window ... as down on the floor , Dr. lizardo be about to scale a spindly ladder into he big suspended spaceship ... lizardo spot buckaroo , John parker and Hong Kong Cavaliers enter this sacred space ... doctor lizardo massacre they ! without quarter ! Dr. lizardo push he own soldier aside , scurrying into he spaceship with John bigboot and John o'connor . int . lizardo' big spaceship - dawn 381 no sooner inside than a cowardly order be issue to John O'Connor : doctor lizardo Close the door ! int . launch hangar - dawn 382 meanwhile , the floor of the hangar ... the alien John parker use strange judo , the amazing Blue shield fight like samurai , ducking stinger , fireing into the enemy at point blank range ... 383 buckaroo seeing Dr. lizardo 's engine start up , cloud of black smoke pour from the exhaust pipe ... 384 John parker fight he way toward the ship ... 385 while over yonder the Secretary of Defense spot the jet car unattend amid that field of weird yellow totem ... another angle 386 John parker reach the big spaceship to find buckaroo already there , buckaroo take the lead up a tall ladder that seem to reach to a rear entrance . int . thermopod - dawn 387 buckaroo settling into a weird little chair , John parker at he side , face the opposite direction in a love-seat arrangement ... at a wall cluttere with confusing instrument and a frame photo of lizardo ... no way into the big ship from here ... buckaroo banzai what be this thing ? a fighter ? JOHN parker do not look at I , buckaroo banzai . I fail flight school . int . lizardo' big spaceship - dawn 388 John bigboot in the co-pilot 's seat , as Doctor lizardo attempt to connect he clumsy overthruster . doctor lizardo overthruster in place . JOHN bigboot it will not work ! it will not ! doctor lizardo shut up , John bigboote , you coward ! John O'Connor push John bigboot aside as lizardo hit another switch and for a fraction of a second all hell break loose , a blinding GREEN light ! int . launch hangar - dawn 389 the spacecraft lurch forward twelve foot ! stop . int . lizardo' big spaceship - dawn 390 doctor lizardo again , John O'Connor ! again ! int . launch hangar - dawn 391 ... as without warning lizardo' big ship lurch again like a tethered beast ! angle on the wall pulsing ! 392 int . thermopod - dawn 393 buckaroo banzai they have not get enough power . they will never penetrate ! int . lizardo' big spaceship - dawn 394 Dr. lizardo , a raging madman in the cockpit , use a radio mike : doctor lizardo almost ! almost ! lower my vehicle onto the runway ! JOHN bigboot no! please ! int . thermopod - dawn 395 the door slamming shut , trapping they ... JOHN parker we be go down ! onto the runway ! buckaroo banzai the door 's lock . int . jet car / launch hangar - dawn 396 meanwhile , unnotice , Secretary of Defense John mckinley reach the jet car , start to climb in ... SMALL voice another step , I will drink you blood --! the Secretary turn , not see anyone at first ... then little scooter lindley with a m - 14 train on he ... scooter lindley get them up ! scooter mean business ... as he suddenly demonstrate , blow away a oncoming arachtoid before turn the gun back on the Secretary , who raise he hand ... scooter lindley what 's that ? secretary of defense can opener ... just a ... scooter take the curious object from he prisoner , not fool for a second . int . lizardo' big spaceship - dawn 397 awful thumping vibrarion as John O'Connor hit the overthruster switch again ! int . launch hanger - dawn 398 the hanger wall beginning to ooze ... glowing . int . lizardo' big spaceship - dawn 399 Dr. lizardo and John O'Connor ecstatic ... John bigboot terrify ... int . themopod - dawn 400 buckaroo and John parker rattling in they seat ! no escape ... int . hanger wall - dawn 401 the sudden " expulsion " by the wall of a tweedy , fleshy object resembling a lump of clay which rapidly begin to define itself as the real , 1938 -model black - haire doctor lizardo , stand in total bewilderment , several 15th century buccaneer spit out next , equally disorient ... int . lizardo' big spaceship - dawn 402 the " other lizardo " ( whorfin ) meanwhile undergo a painful reverse transformation : from old man back to red arachtoid ! he eye glowing ... light ENERGY glowing inside he mouth ! JOHN whorfin ( lizardo ) full speed ahead ! JOHN bigtoote we have not a chance . you overthruster 's for shit ! we will all just ... JOHN whorfin one more word out of you , bigboote ... JOHN bigtoote bigboot . whorfin' arm elongating , flashing out , break John bigboot 's neck ! John O'Connor move up a notch at yoyodyne . int . thermopod - dawn 403 buckaroo and John parker pick up all of whorfin 's intraship communication ... whorfin' voice full speed ahead ! Battle station ! 404 there Pov of the hanger area : nightmarish excitement down below ! the floor rush up as ... int . launch hangar - dawn 405 the big spaceship make violent contact with its runway , rocketing ahead ! 406 the cockpit Pov as the ship rush toward the wall ... the real Doctor emillio lizardo barely ducking out of the way ! buccaneer scatter ! ext . hangar wall / yoyodyne - dawn 407 the big spaceship crashing through the hangar wall , clumsy , heavy ... 408 reverse angle ... whorfin' big spaceship lift off into the dark morning sky , take buckaroo and John parker with it on its wobbly , uncertain flight ... banking violently ... int . father ship - dawn 409 the crew of black arachtoid aboard the ethereal father ship also at they battle station ... black arachtoid commander banzai have fail ! John whorfin be airborne ! black arachtoid officer but not in the eighth dimension . should not we wait ? maybe John parker - black arachtoid commander I have my order from John emdall ! 8000 mile . Mark . activate particle beam . lock on smolensk . int . thermopod - dawn 410 John parker fiddling with a radio , home in on the black ship 's frequency , overhear : black arachtoid chatter particle beam activate ... lock on smolensk ... one minute to rapid rupture ... buckaroo banzai tell they to stop . they be you friend ! JOHN parker I lack the authority , buckaroo banzai . buckaroo banzai at least tell they I be try ! tell them something --! John parker talk to the father ship as buckaroo struggle to unlock the strange little saucer from whorfin 's big vehicle . 411 buckaroo's Pov ( side of ship ) ... the problem . a series of odd suction device outside hold the thermopod in place . 412 close on dashboard . buckaroo finally find the proper release switch ! ext . whorfin' big spaceship - dawn 413 close on the suction bolt disengaging ! freeing the small craft ! ext . thermopod - dawn 414 his vehicle fall sideways , John parker try to ignite its engine ! int . thermopod - dawn 415 in a free fall , the engine finally ignite and the thermopod rocketing upward ! int . father ship - dawn 416 black arachtoid officer Sir , a thermopod have peel off from whorfin 's ship ! black arachtoid commander so what ? Big deal . stand by to incinerate smolensk . int . thermopod - dawn 417 buckaroo struggle to master the strange craft ... buckaroo banzai do this thing have gun , John parker ? JOHN parker Boy , I hope so , buckaroo banzai . John parker try a likely button . 418 angle through windshield ... activate the overthruster beam which blast out harmlessly into the morning sky right in front of they . ext . suburban skie - dawn 419 spaceship thunder over the light of the awaken city below ... int . themopod - dawn 420 black arachtoid chatter ( over radio ) twenty second to rapid rupture . two zero . prepare the heat shield ! time run out ... buckaroo receive fire from whorfin 's big spaceship , the SMALL vehicle lurching ... the two vehicle on a collision course ! ext . thermopod - dawn 421 the little ship drop like a stone , barely avoid a head - on with whorfin and company ! int . thermopod - dawn 422 buckaroo unhappy with John parker 's marksmanship ... they " love seat " rotate , reversing they function ... buckaroo banzai take the throttle , John parker ! int . whorfin' big spaceship - dawn 423 John whorfin and John O'Connor scramble into evasive action , but it 's too late . int . thermopod - dawn 424 buckaroo banzai and John parker diving toward they , they overthruster firing ! firing ! int . whorfin' big spaceship - dawn 425 whorfin shaking he red fist in defiance ... JOHN whorfin banzai ! I will see you in hell ! int . thermopod - dawn 426 flying on a collision course once again , the overthruster beam finally hitting home and the big spaceship disintegrating , vaporizing ... John whorfin and he ilk history ... 427 reverse angle on John parker ... still on a collision course with the giant ball of hot vapor that be lord whorfin ... buckaroo banzai pull up ! we do it ! Holy shit , we do it ! pull up ! JOHN parker now , buckaroo banzai ? buckaroo banzai now ! ext . yoyodyne - dawn 428 as the Cavaliers and Blue shield anxiously watch , the sky crackle and the cloud glow ! int . father ship - dawn 429 black arachtoid radar John whorfin destroy ! black arachtoid commander deactivate particle beam ! track zero zero zero ! ext . sky - dawn 430 the sun come up ... and as we wonder what terrible fate have befallen buckaroo banzai and John parker ... a tiny figure appear high in the cloud ! a bizarre parachute catch the wind , float lazily to earth . 431 closer shot : buckaroo ! safe and sound , look up and saluting John parker as the little thermopod flip -flops , tumble heavenward at a incredible rate of speed ... head home . ext . yoyodyne - dawn 432 buckaroo touch down ... Professor hikita among the victorious Blue shield scarcely able to believe he eye as he spot ... no , it can not be ... rise from the debris ... prof . hikita emilio ! now it 's the young Doctor lizardo 's turn to stare incredulously ... doctor lizardo toichi - -? I will be damned . the two scientist approach one another ... afraid to touch as if the other might prove a mirage ... 433 reno finding a cutlass on the ground ... as buckaroo , face blacken with soot , he clothing tear , hurry toward several Blue shield ( gas mask off ) herding a half - dozen " human " prisoner while other shield and Cavaliers share congratulatory handshake ... red stinger still stick in they bullet - proof vest ... buckaroo banzai all account for ? where 's penny ? perfect tommy New Jersey bring she back to the bus through heavy fire . quite a guy if you want my opinion . perfect Tommy and reno pace buckaroo ... buckaroo banzai get a casualty list ? reno just they side . what be we gonna do with this people ? they be illegal alien , the way I figure , be here forty year , you could throw the book at them ... buckaroo banzai and ask the american taxpayer to foot the bill ? no way . send them back to the eighth dimension as soon as we find the overthruster . it be not in penny 's purse ... so if we have to run this joint upside down and inside out ... perfect Tommy whistling ... perfect tommy hey , scooter lindley , fall in ! scooter 's eye lighting up as he run over ... scooter lindley be this what you be look for , buckaroo ? the oscillation overthruster , safe and sound . buckaroo amaze , receive the precious object , give scooter a Blue Shield salute ... the Secretary of Defense watch jealously from a short distance , he clothing dishevel ... buckaroo banzai look like one junior Shield be in line for a ride in the jet car . scooter lindley wow , you know it ! ( suddenly crestfallen ) I will have to ask my dad . buckaroo banzai well , go ahead , what be you wait for ? scooter run off . 434 a dour-face , shake New Jersey appear in the doorway of the big bus , buckaroo 's smile immediately vanish ... new jersey I do all I could . I do my best ... buckaroo racing past new Jersey and into the bus ... int . passenger section / but - dawn 435 buckaroo hurry through the front section . int . world watch one / bus - dawn 436 buckaroo hurry through the communications nerve CENTER ... radar shield one buckaroo , reno say check with you - something about " pirate " ? he mean the baseball team ? no response . radar shield two buckaroo , the President 's on line on . Calling about be everything okay with the alien space cloud and Planet ten ... or should he just go ahead and destroy Russia ...? buckaroo banzai tell he yes on " 1 " and no on " 2 " . buckaroo go into he private rear section of the bus ... radar shield two which be " yes " ? destroy Russia ? or " 2 " ...? int . bedroom / bus - dawn 437 buckaroo reach he private quarter , find penny on he cot , a sheet pull over she face ... ethereal morning light caress she still body ... ... buckaroo distraught , pull the sheet back to reveal penny in final repose , speckle with dead ant , honey and powdery white insecticide ... buckaroo lean toward she in wordless anguish . 438 his lip move toward hers ... when suddenly a spark leap out , arcing from the tip of buckaroo's nose to the tip of penny be ! 439 and she stir ... a faint nerve response , buckaroo seize she with both hand ... SPARKS ... buckaroo banzai penny ! ... shaking she , exhort she ... buckaroo banzai open you eye ! look at I ! penny ! ... but nothing , no more sign of life ... 440 ... buckaroo kissing she in despair , press he lip against she lip ... the kiss of the century , a powerful electric jolt ! 441 ... the fire of life as penny open she eye , see she haggard hero before she . penny priddy buckaroo ... you look awful . 442 and indeed they both do , but who care ? another galvanic kiss , crackling good as the tiny bedroom heat up and we do the decent thing ... Iris out ... as credit roll and the fantastic voice of Dr. buckaroo banzai serenade we home ... ... the Hong Kong Cavaliers harmonize like honey , the world once again a safe , snug harbor . the end buckaroo banzai shoot script - 3rd draft page 98 across the eighth dimension