" the Fisher King , " shoot draft , by Richard lagravenese the fisher king by Richard lagravenese revised draft rev 6/31/90 [ note : the hard copy of this script contained scene number & some " omitted " scene slug . these have be ignore for this soft copy .] fade in : int . darkened bedroom - dawn closeup on radio / alarm clock read 5:59 a.m . the digital number flip to 6:00 and the radio go on : a talk show host speak in a soft , soothing voice : jack ( v.o. ) it 's six a.m .... ooooooo and that bed never feel sooooo gooood ... mmmm , you linger in a warm , gentle dream state ... ever so comfortable ... ever so safe ... sfx : loud battle noise jack ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ... but suddenly you realize it 's Monday ! a woman scream ... the d.j. , jack , speak at a rapid fire pace ... a hand from o.s. try to shut the alarm off in the dark . jack ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ... you hand race to shut off the alarm before you mind wake up ... scream ... the hand knock over a water glass and grab the clock but can not find the off switch . jack ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ... but it 's too late ! if you do not get out of bed now , you will never have enough time to blow dry you hair that special way ... you will never make that nine o'clock meeting that you partner will be early for ... you will be late and everyone will notice ! the hand bang the clock violently ... jack ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ... rumor will fly about you lose you edge ... someone will casually mention they see you down shot of tequila at the Xmas party and before you know it , you be spilling you guy to a Senate committee or sell yourself on street corner to middle age man from the Midwest ... headline flash across you mind -- " sleep investment banker gun d.j. then self -- claim -- ' I only want two more minute ! ' " scream ... silence ... the d.j. ( Jack ) speak in a normal voice . jack ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ... hey , it 's Monday morning , and I be Jack Lucas . the hand rip the clock off the night table . CUT to : int . kitchen - morning a woman in a bathrobe spoon the content of a protein drink call executive protein blast into blender ... woman ( v.o. ) ( upset ) ... I do not have to talk to you . jack ( v.o. ) yes ... yes , you do because you see , today , you be we ... pre-recorded echoing ( v.o. ) spotlight celebrity . CUT to : int . bathroom - morning a naked man shave as he listen to the radio . jack ( v.o. ) and in the spirit of fairness , we want the public to hear you side of thing . so , now ... how long be you and Senator peyton have this sleazy affair ? woman ( v.o. ) ( angry ) I be tired of the public think they have get the right to invade a person 's private life . int . bathroom - morning a woman sensually apply lipstick and makeup as : jack ( v.o. ) oh please !... you have sex with a United States Senator in the parking lot of Sea World ... you be tell I you be a private kind of person . no ... you be we ... pre-recorded echoing ( v.o. ) spotlight celebrity ... woman ( v.o. ) that 's still all anybody talk about . nobody even think to ask whether we love each other . ext . wall STREET area - morning horde of business people stampede towards they job ... jack ( v.o. ) because nobody care about that , sweetheart . nobody want to hear about you romantic love . no . we want to hear about the back seat of limo ... the ruin life of people we want to be ... new and exotic use for champagne cork ... int . coffee shop - morning people line up to buy coffee and danish . woman ( v.o. ) listen , I have be humiliate enough already ! jack ( v.o. ) perhaps not -- we need that detail ... the woman hang up ... jack and crew ooooo ... CUT to : int . grand central station - morning escalator pack with people move like conveyor belt : jack ( v.o. ) hi , this be Jack Lucas and we be discuss personal pet peeve . go ahead , caller . caller ( v.o. ) okay ... well ... it 's my husband ... jack ( v.o. ) huh-huh . grand central - MAIN floor - morning hundred of people move like ant in every direction : caller ( v.o. ) he drive I crazy . I will be talk and he will never let I finish a sentence ... he 's always finish my ... jack ( v.o. ) ( overlap ) -- finish you thought . that 's awful . ext . midtown new york - morning Midtown traffic . angry cab driver yell at pedestrian . caller ( v.o. ) oh ! it absolutely drive I ... jack ( v.o. ) ( cut she off ) -- drive you crazy , huh ? the scoundrel . CUT to : ext . 30 rockefeller plaza - morning caller ( v.o. ) hello Jack . it 's Edwin . jack and crew ( v.o. ) it 's Edwin !!!! " happy day be here again " play then be abruptly stop . jack ( v.o. ) ( continue ) Edwin . we have not hear from you in what -- a day ?... I have miss you . int . edwine apartment - morning intercut Edwin on phone . int . radio studio - morning overhead shot of radio host as he speak , while he manipulate tape , dial , switch , etc ... at a breakneck speed ... edwin ( v.o. ) I have miss you too , Jack . jack and crew ( o.s. ) awwww .......! sfx : " a summer place " -- the needle be scratched off Edwin laugh , perhaps a bit over zealously -- he be a simple minded soul ... a lonely child in the body of a lonely man . jack ( o.s. ) so , Edwin , baby , this be sunrise confession time ... what have you get for we ? edwin ( v.o. ) I ... I ... go to this bar ... this very , ya know -- hard - to-get - in place ... call babbitt 's ... the hand of the radio host push button , bend a paperclip out of shape ... jack ( o.s. ) yeah , I know the place . it 's one of that chic yuppie gather hole . edwin ( v.o. ) ( simple minded laughter ) okay ... I know but ... I meet this beautiful girl ... host 's hand pop in a tape " wedding bell , " then a needle scratch it off . jack ( o.s. ) now , Edwin , if you start tell I you be in love again , I be go to have to remind you of the time we make you propose to that check - out girl at thrifty 's that you like so much . remember she reaction ... another tape , another button press : black seventie group ( v.o. ) ( sing ) " mister Big stuff ... huh ... tell I ... who do you think you be ... mister Big stuff ... you be never gonna get my love ... " edwin ( v.o. ) ( defensive ) I be not serious about she , Jack . that be just a joke for you guy ... she be just a girl . this be a beautiful woman . she wear pearl . camera keep moving about the studio and the host , but we never see he face : jack ( o.s. ) yeah , but do she swallow , Edwin ? edwin ( v.o. ) I think she like I ... she give I she number , but she must work a lot cause when I call she 's never home ... but I think we will go out this weekend ... I have ... jack ( o.s. ) yeah , Edwin , sure ... and pinnochio be a true story ... Edwin ! wake up ! this be a fairytale ... the crew perform they duty with little enthusiasm . edwin ( v.o. ) no , Jack , no , it 's not ... she like I . jack ( o.s. ) she give you the old brusheroo , kiddo ... believe I -- this tart will never make it to you desert plate ... edwin ( v.o. ) ( hurt ) she like I . she say for I to call ! michael mcdonald ( v.o. ) ( sing ) " what a fool believe ... he see ... " edwin ( v.o. ) ( over the song ) Jack ! jack ( o.s. ) Edwin ... Edwin ... Edwin ... I tell you about this people . they only mate with they own kind . it 's call yuppie-in-breeding ... that 's why so many of they be retarded and wear the same clothes . they be not human . they can not feel love . they can only negotiate love moment . they be evil , Edwin . they be repulse by imperfection and horrify by the banal -- everything America stand for . Edwin , they have to be stop before it 's too late . it 's we or they . slight pause , as edwin consider this . edwin ( v.o. ) ( serious ) okay , Jack . end credit . camera pan from a wall clock as jack luca wind up he broadcast : jack luca ( o.s. ) well , folk ... it 's be a thrill , as always . ( false sincerity ) " have a perfect day " ... we pan several studio technician make ready for the end of the broadcast to the talk show host Jack Lucas -- handsome , aggressive , intelligent -- a underground media star . jack everyone here on the Jack Lucas Morning show say " bye " . crew bye ! jack this be Jack Lucas ... so long ... arriverderch ... I will be sure to send you a think today as I lie in the backseat of my stretch limo , have sex with the teenager of my choice ... and that think will be : thank God I be I ! Jack motion to techy behind glass . then lean back in he chair , as a radio commercial begin . his expression seem grave -- not one you would expect after a successful broadcast . he appear tired and annoyed . he sigh in relief that it be over . the studio team work around he in silence -- with no indication of the relationship they have " on air . " Jack pull out a bottle of aspirin and take two . jack ( continue ; annoyed , to the room ) I want you all to know I be get sick again and it 's because someone keep forget to raise the thermostat before I come in here ... my fuck ass be freezing for the first hour . a techy make mock face behind he back . another techy suppress a laugh . CUT to : ext . STREET / int . limousine - day closeup of a script entitle : " on the Radio , " a situation comedy by Alan siegal . lou rosen , Jack 's agent , who sit in the backseat beside Jack , thumbing through the script and chuckle to himself . Jack stare in silence out the window . lou you know some of this be very funny . cheever tell I they have even secure the rights to the donna summer song to play over the credit . jack ( deadpan indifference ) ooooo , I have chill ... ( deadpan interest ) be you sure they want I ? I will not read unless I have a offer . lou Jack , of course ... not even a question . when I speak to he on the phone this morning , I could actually smell how much they want you for it . I could smell it over the phone . a street bum , half dress , walk in between the stop car , bang on the window and ask for money . he bang on Jack 's window . Jack stare at he through the tinted glass . lou ( continue ; look through he pocket ) I do not think I have any change . jack ( adamant ) I be not open this window . ( look at the bum ) a couple of quarter be not go to make any difference anyway . the bum look at the reflection of himself in the mirrore window . CUT to : int . jack apartment - day a expansive tribeca loft . the modern , minimalist decor give it a sleek , cold feel . a space full of glass , angle and edge , with no place to feel safe and sound . CUT to : int . jack apartment - kitchen - day the mirrore door close revealing Jack 's reflection -- he take a good look at he face in the mirror -- admire every contour , every pore . he mumble as he 's make coffee . jack I hate my cheek . CUT to : int . jack apartment - day Jack 's girlfriend , sondra -- a artist with a beautifully sculpture face and body -- sleek , cold , like Jack 's apartment , she be eat a bowl of cereal , study the cereal box . beside she be a sketchpad with a ink draw of a stalk of wheat ( similar to the cereal box ) grow out of the belly button of a naked male - figure who 's torso / pelvis be shape like a map of America . Jack enter , toweling he hair . jack can I ask that when you clean you hand you wipe the ink off the inside of the sink before it stain the stainless steel . sondra ( without look up ) you can ask . Jack exit . CUT to : int . jack apartment - day Jack have in he hand the television script entitle , " on the Radio . " sondra ( o.s. ) raoul call before . about dinner . Jack quickly open he eye . sondra cross to the wall of closet and begin to undress . jack about dinner as a concept or about dinner with ... ( over-enunciate ) raoul ? sondra ( deadpan ) you be so witty . I be so jealous ... I need to get out of here , Jack , and do something other than sit in this apartment and count how many funny line you have per page . jack you know , tomorrow 's a very big day for I ... it would be nice if you act like you understand . sondra Fine . I will say no . jack they be put I on film tomorrow . sondra ( o.s. ) ( peeve ) Fine . jack ( deeply feel ) ... first time in my life I will be a voice with a body . do you know what that mean ? what this could lead to ? sondra ( unsnapp she bra in the front ) Jack , it 's a sitcom -- you be not define pi . jack I will remember that the next time you get excited by draw pubic hair on raisin bran . ( lighting joint and inhale ) want some ? sondra no , I have to work . jack how un - sixty of you . sondra I be nine in the sixty . jack I use to think my biography would be jack luca - the face behind the voice , but now it can be jack luca , the face " and " the voice ... or maybe just jack - exclamation point ... jack Pov - sondra slip off she top as she climb the stair . jack eye she sexy back . feeling sexy , he rise and follow she . int . bathroom - night . sondra lean over and turn on the shower . jack naked leg enter the bathroom behind she and close the door . camera on bathroom door as we hear : sondra ( o.s. ) ( unaffected ) Jack , I have work to do too . jack seduce sondra o.s. sondra ( o.s. ) ... can not we do this later ?... ( pause ) all right .. well .. if we do this now , can I have dinner with raoul ? CUT to : bathroom floor camera pan a brown paper bag , a plate of half - eat chinese food , a bottle of beer into a bathtub where jack languish in a bubble bath study he script . in the b.g. we hear ella fitzgerald sing , " I 've got the world on a string " ... jack " hey ...for - ... false start . jack clear he throat , pause , then try again ... ( sarcastic...insincere ... ) " hey ! forgiiiive I ! " CUT to ; jack bedroom - night . alarm clock read 11:15 . jack be still rehearse , while the t.v. play with no sound . jack " hey ! forgive meee ! " .... ... for - give -me ... hey ... forgive I ! ( he smile and shut the script : ) I have this ... I really have this ... he toss the script aside and rub he head . he suddenly notice , on the soundless t.v. , a picture of himself on a news broadcast . confused , he raise the volume with the remote . CUT to : int . tv station - news desk - night . a news broadcast : a reporter in mid-report . jack voice over " ... everything America stand for . Edwin , they have to be stop before it 's too late .... it 's we or they . " reporter it be Mr. Lucas 's off - hand remark that seem to have a fatal impact on Mr. malnick ... CUT to : ext . babbitt be - night . reporter ( v.o . ) a after work hot spot , babbitt 's be popular with single young professional . reporter on scene ( cont 'd ) Edwin malnick arrive at the peak hour of seven-fifteen , take one long look at the handsome collection of the city 's best and brightest - then remove a shotgun from he overcoat and open fire . jack be face turn white . CUT to : int . - babbitt be - night . to be intercut with jack apartment . the bar 's glass have be blast . tables be overturn . paramedics be run about . reporter Seven people be kill before Mr. malnick ... a picture of edwin malnick be show as the reporter continue ; ... turn the gun on himself and shot a hole through he head .... edwin malnick look sad and harmless . jack quickly grab the phone and re-plugs it . he be about to make a call when he be stop by the reporter mention he name ... ... Representatives of radio cult personality Jack Lucas express regret , however no formal comment have be make . none of babbitt 's regular have ever see Edwin malnick before .... but tonight , few will soon forget this lonely man - who reach out to a world he know only through the radio - look for friendship ... and find only pain ... and tragedy ... this be Marc saffron ... Channel ten news . jack be freeze . his breathe grow heavy . he phone begin to ring . but jack be unable to move . CUT to : ext . video stop - day camera pan down from the tall skyscraper to the tiny video store that sit as if in a valley between two mountain . pan toward the store as we follow a customer through the door we super : a year or so later . CUT to : int . video pop - day camera track through variety of customer look through the rental , past the counter where employee be help the clientele and into the : int . video pop office continue to a close up of the headline of a sensation - alist tabloid -- " woman kill plastic surgeon then self , told friend ; I can't blink without pain . " the picture of a bug-ey society woman be below the caption . a hand come out from behind the paper , reach for a bottle of scotch on the table . the bottle disappear behind the paper . anne , the owner of the store , enter abruptly -- close the office door behind she , a cigarette dangle for she mouth . her desk be organize litter -- she wall be fill with porno tape . she search for one as she talk : anne this people be insane today . they take insane pill ... a bit about Anne as she search for a video : Anne be in she mid-to- late thirty ... and she be all woman ! she have a raw , earthy , unmistakable sensuality . her red lipstick match she red nail polish like a hat and glove set . inlaid on each nail be a rhinestone design of a little star . her angora sweater be tight and cling , give she breast a decide lift and perkiness . her backless pump slap the ground . a half - smoke cigarette hang out of she mouth with great expertise -- a skill Anne obviously pick up in a high school bathroom . her voice be thick with a delicious Brooklyn twang . she be pure streetwise in attitude , philosophy and emotion . she turn and speak to the man behind the tabloid . anne ( continue ) hey ! Mr. happiness ! the man lower the newspaper : it be Jack Lucas : no longer the aggressive radio star but more -- a man who look like he have not sleep in month . a intolerant , paranoid , self - pity misanthrope . the outrageous article fascinate he . Anne remove the paper and scotch bottle . anne ( continue ) be we go to work today or what ? Jack stare back . Anne wait for a answer . Jack look through the open office door and see the store be pack with rush hour customer -- any one , a potential mass murderer . anne ( continue ) hello !!! Jack jump a bit then rise and cross out the door cautiously . CUT to : int . video pop - day Jack 's Pov -- camera move " cautiously , " take in the crowd as they move about the wall of movie . suddenly , the giant face of a frumpy secretary -- pop into frame . frumpy secretary ( to jack ) can you help I !... Jack subtly shudder at the surprise . he stare deadpan . frumpy secretary ( continue ) ... I be at a absolute loss . I have be look for a hour -- I be lose my mind . ( overly dramatic , rambling on ) ... I be sort of in the mood for a katharine hepburny , cary granty kinda thing -- nothing heavy ... I could not take heavy . somethin ' zany . I need zany . jack stare at she , at a loss . she get a inspiration . frumpy secretary ... oh ! oh ! do you have anything with that ... comedian who 's on that show ? what 's it - on that radio ! ya know , the guy that say " hey ... forgive I ...! jack grin he tooth and stare like a madman while anne , aware of the affect this phrase have on he , throw a worried look from the cash register . the frumpy secretary laugh : frumpy secretary I get such a kick outta the way he say that ... he 's so adorable ! do not he make a movie ... I need something like that - a funny , no brainy kinda thing . jack stare at the woman manically then turn to the shelf of movie behind the desk . selecting one , he hand it to she . frumpy secretary great ... ( read box aloud ) " ordinary peephole " the woman be eye go wide . jack stare at she deadpan . jack it 's kind of a - Big titty - spread cheeky kinda thing ... anne , who have hear this entire exchange , have to bite she lip to prevent herself from laugh ... she pull jack away . anne ... I be sorry . ( almost laugh ) I need to borrow he for a moment . as anne tug at he sleeve , jack eye the woman like a maniac be lead away from he prey . int . video pop office - day . anne stand before jack who lean against she office door . anne be you in a mood today baby ? be this one of that day when you be in ... whadda call it ... a emotional abyss ? talk to I , cause I do not understand this mood . jack Anne , they be my mood . if you want to understand mood , have one of you own ! anne why do not you go upstairs ... take the day off . all right ?... I will cook tonight . she kiss he , then exit . jack be not comfort in the least by this show of affection - especially when he notice she bra strap stick out from she sweater . jack be you go for a specific look with this ? CUT to : int . anne's apartment above video pop - night ( raining ) Anne and Jack sit around a formica kitchen table in silence after eat dinner . Anne smoke a cigarette . a portable tv sit on a stand before they -- sitcom on tv ( intercut with anne's apt . ) we hear a studio audience laughing on the tv ... Anne herself can not help but laugh . she snort from try to keep it in . Jack shoot she a dirty look . anne well , it 's funny ! whatta want from I ? jack it 's not funny . it 's ... sophomoric and mindless ... and dumb . anne then why the hell do we watch all the time ? jack ( in one breath ) because it make I feel good to see how not funny it be and how America do not know the first thing about funny which make it easier not be a famous funny tv celebrity because that would just mean that I be not really talented . tv actor ( v.o. ) well forgiivvee meee ... applause and laughter ... Anne just stare at Jack . anne you be a sick fuck ... I do not know why you torture yourself . ( she hit he head ) too many thought -- too crowded in there . you should read a book . she pick up she paperback and begin to read . jack it 's important to think . it 's what separate we from lentil ... and people who read book like ... ( read she paperback cover ) ... " Love 's flower bed . " he get up to get a drink from Anne 's makeshift bar . anne ( defensive ) it happen to be a beautiful love story . ( hurt ) ya know , you use to like that about I . you use to say you like that I do not make you think so much . that we could be together and not think ... jack yeah , well ... suicidal paranoiacs say funny thing sometimes . Anne be deeply hurt by this . she gather she dignity and exit into the bedroom , slamm the door behind she . Jack downs he drink as the sitcom return to the tv o.s. tv actor ( v.o. ) I hope when I be you age you be finally dead ! Big laughter . jack madness . fed up , Jack throw he coat on , storm out and slam the door . CUT to : ext . video pop - night ( rainy ) Jack exit into the rain , tear he coat on the front door . CUT to : ext . STREET - night Jack , depressed and wet , walk the street of New York . CUT to : ext . jack old apartment build - night Jack stand before he old building , look at it longingly . CUT to : ext . plaza HOTEL - night - rain a wet Jack stop to watch the going on at the entrance . he see a limousine at the Plaza -- park and await its occupant . a handsome man in he forty exit the hotel and walk toward the limo . he be hold the hand of he six year old son , who be carry a two foot high plastic , smile pinnochio doll . both father and son be dress in tie and jacket . Jack watch in envy . his rip , wet clothes a shabby reflection of the man' . he eye the limo with long . as the man tip the doorman , a bum approach and ask for money . when the man refuse and turn he back to enter the limp , the bum become aggressive and start pull at the man 's jacket and yell : bum merry fuck Christmas ... happy fuck New Year !! he continue to harass the man , who push he son away . the doorman come to the man 's rescue . as they both try to pull the bum off the man , the six year old son notice Jack and walk calmly over . Jack , mesmerize by the scene , do not notice the Boy . boy ( o.s. ) Mr. bum . Jack look down . the Boy stand directly before he . Jack sort of smile . the Boy extend he arm and offer the pinnochio doll to Jack . Jack be confuse but the Boy simply deposit the doll into he arm and walk back to the limo . by that time , the bum be be hold by the doorman , and both father and son enter the limo . Jack hold the doll . he be surround by street people asleep or drunk on the sidewalk near the hotel . he angrily realize there 's not much difference between he and they . jack anybody here name jimeny ? a drunk groan . Jack snap the doll under he arm and walk o.s . CUT to : statue near plaza - rain tight shot of newspaper front page on sidewalk ... headline read : " fifth homeless man found burned alive " ... camera move out to reveal that the paper be cover the head of a street person sleep on the edge of the stone , flower divider on Park Ave ... camera pan over to a drunken Jack , sit on the sidewalk against the divider , have a conversation with pinnochio beside he . jack you ever read any nietzsche ?... the smile pinnochio clearly have not . jack ( continue ) ... nieztsche say that there be two kind of people in this world ... people who be destine for greatness like ... Walt Disney and ... Hitler ... and then there 's the rest of we ... he call we the bungle and botched . we get tease . we sometimes get close to greatness but we never get there . we be the expendable mass . we get push in front of train ... take poison aspirin ... get gun down in dairy queen ... he drink from he Jack Daniels bottle ... jack ( continue ) you wanna hear my new title for my biography , my little italian friend ... " it be no Fucking picnic - the Jack Lucas Story " . like it ?... just nod yes or no ... ( try it in pig-italian ) " Il nouva esta fuckin ' pinicko " -- ( he smile ) you be a good kid ... just say no to drug ... ( he nod and drink ) ya ever get the feel sometimes ... you be be punish for you sin ...? CUT to : ext . east river , new york CITY - night closeup of two foot stand beneath the railing overlook the East River . tape to one ankle be a brick . tape to the other be a brick around a smile pinnochio doll . a empty bottle of liquor drop to the ground and shatter . Jack stand prepare to surrender he fate and make the final leap . he stare at the river , almost smile . he have make he decision . he be calm and serene . he raise he foot over the railing . the headlight of a car drive into frame , illuminate Jack . he turn to see : leather ( o.s. ) what 's go on ?... two white upperclass juevenile delinquent -- one wear a leather jacket , the other a high school windbreaker -- get out of the car . each be carry a gallon of gasoline . leather also carry a bat . Jack be drunk but he be immediately aware of the danger when he spot the gasoline can . leather I say what 's go on ? ( walk up to Jack ) what be you do here ? Jack shake he head and before he know it , leather shove the bat into he gut , sink Jack to he knee . windbreaker place the gasoline can on the bench and begin to unscrew they . leather ( continue ) you should not hang around this neighborhood . jack ( clutching he stomach ) I ... I be just leave . leather people spend a lot of hard earn money for this neighborhood . it 's not fair ... look out they window to see you ass asleep on the street ... jack yes ... I ... I agree ... leather good. ( to windbreaker ) you believe this drunk ? windbreaker shake he head . leather ( continue ) ..... I neither . jack no ... no please ...! windbreaker hand leather the can , who raise it above jack be head . as the gasoline slowly leak onto a petrified jack sees a figure moving out from the darkness . figure all hope abandon , ye who enter here ! startle , the youths turn to the shadow . leather what the - .... a arrow with a rubber suction tip come fly out of the dark and connect to windbreaker 's groin . windbreaker ahhh ! a figure stand backlit - mysterious and powerful , noble and fearless . jack , leather and windbreaker instinctually bond together in the face of this fourth unknown entity . the figure turn out to be a bum . grimy face , tatter layer of clothing beneath a long over coat , a pork pie hat with a twig stick out of it like a plume in a helmet of yore . over he shoulder , a homemade bow and arrow set . although clearly downtrodden , behind he beat appearance , there radiate a calm intelligence and strength . there be something distinctly attractive and confident about he . we learn later he name be parry ; a combination of Don Quixote and harpo marx . parry stand before they absolutely delighted with himself - hand on hip - beam with pride .. parry unhand that degenerate - you adolescent ass of a one ball donkey ! leather it 's just a bum ... you know , there 's enough in here for the two of you . parry ( a la glinda ) ha , ha , ha , ha rubbish ... now begone ... before somebody drop a house on you !... leather walk right up to parry . leather you a fag too ? parry fag..a fag you say !?... " curst wolf ! thy fury inward on thyself pray and consume thee ! " leather fuck you . parry notice a pimple on leather be cheek . parry oooo ... that look like it hurt . he press the zit . leather owww .... what be you nut ?! parry bingo ! tell the man what he 's win ! windbreaker grab parry , pin he arm behind he . windbreaker laugh . parry just turn he head and stare into he eye , cause windbreaker to feel weird . parry I advise you to let we go . leather you advise we ! parry you be out numbered son . parry glance over leather 's shoulder . leather turn to see : a bum push a shopping cart come out of the darkness . he be mumble to himself incoherently . another bum , appear from the dark , unnerve windbreaker . parry look to a third bum , step out of the dark , menacingly . taken by themselves , the bum would look harmless and pathetic . but in the context of they uncharacteristic organization - they appear frightening . leather and windbreaker automatically whip out switchblade and take a " rumble " stance - as if protect they catch , Jack . Jack sort of side with they if for no other reason than - he 's know they longer . leather try to remain confident . he laugh . leather come on ! go for it ! what the hell be they gonna do ? they can not do nothin ! parry nothing ! they can do nothing ! gentlemen ! parry take a few step back and raise he hand . jack stand close to leather and windbreaker , who prepare themselves for attack . parry lower he hand which act as a signal for the bum . the bum reach into they coat and each pull out a flashlight , which they shine at each other as they sing : three bum I like New York in June ... how about you ? I like a gershwin tune ... how about you ? jack , leather and windbreaker be at a loss . the bum be not get all the word , but they be definitely in sync . parry lower he hand proudly . the bum keep sing and turn they flashlight upon jack , leather and windbreaker - blind they to parry . windbreaker shit . leather brandish he knife towards the dark spot where he think parry stand . but parry take a fly step back . as he speak , the bum stop sing and hum the song . parry Son ... there come a time in every man 's life ... and you will learn this , if and when you become man ... from he hat , parry pull a long tube sock tie at the end and fill with a softball at the bottom ... parry .... that there be only three thing in this world ya need ... he begin to swing the sock over he head - centrifugally gain force . parry ... respect for all kind of life , .... the love of one other person who you can trust and pork on a regular basis ... and a nice navy blazer ... oh , and one more thing .... always ... keep you eye .... on the ball ! parry release the " weapon " . the sock fly out of the darkness and , with amazing accuracy - bean leather on the forehead between he eye . he drop he knife to rub he head . he sink out of camera : leather ow ... ow .... ow ! windbreaker grow worried as parry reach in to the lining of he coat , pull out another " sock weapon " and start swinging . parry however , the ability to bean a shithead can be a fabulous advantage . windbreaker run to the car and drive away . parry cross to a speechless jack . parry ( pick up leather be knife ) be you all right ? leather ( kneel , rub he head ) oww ... man ... jack ( disorient ) please do not hurt I ? parry " oh being blind ! what ignorance beset you ! parry kneel down , pull out some rope from he coat and proceed to tie up leather , who be disorient and daze . parry hand jack leather be knife . sicken by it , jack fling it in the water . leather you can not leave I tie up out here alone , you fuck faggot ! parry ( pull down leather pant , exposing he butt ) you will not be alone for long . parry pull out a triangle and begin ringing it . jack I need a drink . parry I know a great place . ( raising he hand he call to bum 1 : ) ... uh ... warren ! bum ( o.c. ) I like New York in June ... how about -.... parry ( overlap ) no.. guy ... guy .... ( to jack ) they be so proud . CUT to : ext . a lot beneath the manhattan bridge - night . a violent explosion between warring faction of bum , who be defend territory and rights .... CUT to : Jack and Parry sit face the three bum from the previous scene - a Black , a middle - age irishman and a ex-hippy - and the pinnochio doll . the foursome sit against the giant base of the bridge discuss the issue of the day as they pass a bottle . other bum clique be scattered throughout the lot . black ... there be not no justice in life ! there 's just satisfaction . and the death penalty 's just another violation of my constitutional right to satisfaction goddamn it . irishman ( a light cigarette hang from he mouth ) I hate that . hippie so , you mean if somebody like , kill you mother , you would not want he dead ? black sure I would . but I should get to kill he goddamn it . irishman ( explain further ) he get to kill he . that 's democracy , see . a lull take over as they all consider this . jack sit the furthest apart from the group , look like he 's in the middle of a nightmare . jack ( mumble to himself ) this be it . I be in hell . damned to a eternity of idiotic conversation . parry ( lean in and smile ) great place huh ? the irishman let out a bloodcurtle scream : parry ( respond ) aaaahhhh ! jack jump . irishman look to parry & speak in calm monotone : irishman how be you tonight ? parry Fine John and you ? irishman can not complain . the irishman absent mindedly flick he cigarette ash onto jack sleeve , which be soak with gasoline . the sleeve ignite jack panic - wave he be arm , try to get it out . parry be both amaze and impressed - see it as a sign . the bum talk casually as jack try to rip off he coat . black crazy fuck . hippy ( to irishman ) so what do you think of the death penalty ? irishman death 's definitely a penalty . ai not no fuck gift . life 's too goddamn short . with the fire out , jack try to leave , say : jack I better be go ... irishman ( thrust the bottle at he ) have a drink ... do not be shy ! ( jack sit quickly ) parry I think they like you . this worry Jack . parry retrieve he and bring he back to the group . the irishman remove the bottle from he saliva soak mouth and hand it to jack , who be disgust : jack oh no that 's all - black drink ! goddamn it ! jack grab the bottle and drink - hold back he nausea . parry would anyone like a fruit pie ? three bum ( o.c. ) no thank you ... too sweet ... to fatten ... goddamn it . jack feel sick as the cheap liquor run through he . irishman begin recite a chaucer passage in old English . the black stare off , half listen . parry turn to jack , he face beam , he clasp he hand and say : parry et in arcadia ego . hippy man ... why do God invent mediocrity ? this remark act like a slap in the face to jack . the other consider it in silence - not really know what it mean . the cheap liquor begin to take it 's effect and from jack Pov , we fade out of the scene on the next line - as he close he eye and slip into a drunken slumber . hippie ( o.c . ) you be phenominal tonight , Parry . ( affirmation from the other two ) super - bum , man ! Fucking Marvel Comics ... fade -out . fade - up on : int . parry basement hideaway - morning . jack be asleep on a mattress beside a boiler spew steam . he be slowly awaken by water drip on he cheek - - - the first dull pang of a mean hangover make itself know . he open he eye , confuse -- not know exactly what happen . CUT to : the giant face of parry lie parallel beside he -- like a kid wait for he parent to wake up Xmas morning . parry ( loud and cheery ) how be you feel ? jarred , Jack nod suspiciously . he notice the surroundings -- jack have I die ? parry ( friendly ) hahahahaaa ... nononono ... not yet ... hahahaha ... jack ( he head throbbing ) if you be go to murder I , that 's fine ... just do not laugh . he try to focus he eye and look around the room : there be a extremely organize " live area " -- a make - shift kitchen with hot plate , a nail in a wall with clothes on hanger ... there be also a dumpster sit beneath a garbage chute -- the dumpster have planet and star paint on its side . Jack look to the far wall and see a handmade collage mural : picture cut out and paste in a haphazard manner , all medieval in origin ; grassy landscape with castle , knight and maiden on horse , crest and symbol of the crusade , and various rendition of the Holy grail ... one maiden stand out from the rest -- a frail look doe- like creature . on the adjacent wall , however , there be no picture . only frantic scribbling in red marker ... out of the scribbling we can see : a evil look face with a bear amateurishly draw ... a large red horse draw as if it hurt to get out the image ... the style be violent and erratic . Jack look to the other wall and find Parry 's arsenal -- homemade " weapon " that also look medieval , like lance make from mop stick , net make of knotted rope , slingshot and a shield make from a garbage can cover with a rise paint on it . against each wall be pile , what seem to be hundred of book . Jack do not know what to make of all this . he be frighten . jack where be I ? parry my abode ... my domicile ... my neck of the wood ... hungry ? Breakfast ? a fruit pie perhaps ? jack no ... thanks ... listen -- parry my name be Parry . jack ( realize he 's barefoot ) hi ... where be my shoe ? parry they're -- ( suddenly stand ) -- what ? jack ( jump ) where -- ? parry ( to the air ) what !? jack what ?! parry sshhhh ! Parry look like he 's listen to someone . then he smile broadly at Jack , which make Jack worry even more . parry ( continue ; to the air ) I know it ! I know it last night ! ( beat ; argue ) I do too ! he 's the one ! he kneel beside Jack , which make Jack lean up against the boiler . parry ( continue ) ... can you keep a secret ? Jack shake he head . parry ( continue ) do you know what the Little people just tell I ? jack the Little people ? parry they say you be the one . jack I be the one what ? parry ( stand abruptly ) oh shut up !!! he pick up a can of wintergreen air freshener and start spraying , with violent stroke , to shut " they " up ... Jack get more nauseous from the smell ... Parry yell to the air : parry ( continue ) ... I have get a right to say something . I mean , you be tie my hand here ! ( to Jack ) they say you be not ready to know . jack I be not ... ( to himself ) now , where be that shoe ... Jack make a move to stand when Parry stop spraying and yell : parry hheeyy !! Jack sit back down . Parry whisper to the air : parry ( continue ) ... you be frightening he ! Parry kneel before he . Jack press against the boiler . parry ( continue ) ... do you know who I be ? jack uhh ... I be draw a blank . parry take a guess ... ( shout to the air ) let he guess !! tch . he go for the air freshener but Jack 's reply stop he . jack uh ... gee ... well ... you seem to be some kind of vigilante ... parry no , no ... I mean that sort of happen along the way but no ... ( proudly ) I be on a very special quest . jack a quest ? parry but I need help and they send you . jack ( clarify ) the Little ... parry they work for him . jack him ...? parry ( lean in to whisper ) God ... I be the janitor of God . Jack 's face drop . Parry get comfortable and explain casually : parry ( continue ) ... they come to I about a year ago . I be sit on the john have one of the most satisfy bowel movement -- you know the one -- where you just see God ... and I see they ... just float around ... hundred of this ... cute little fat people ... and they speak . they say " I " be choose to help they get back something very important they lose . but my part might be very dangerous . I say " whoah " .... slow down ... ya start hearing voice from float little fat people that tell you you be on a mission for God and you wind up in a mini-sery . then they say " look in Architecture today , Feb ' 88 ... page 33 ... " Parry quickly cross to a pile of magazine , grab one and dive back to Jack , who keep scan for he shoe . Parry leaf through the magazine and open to page 33 . parry ( continue ) and there it be ... plain as day . he show Jack a feature about langdon carmichael , a malcolm forbe type real estate baron . the five page pictorial depict he ten million dollar restoration of a old n.y. armory into a palatial city home . caption read : " real estate billionaire langdon carmichael tower of power " ... jack langdon carmichael ? carmichael himself -- a dash bachelor around fifty - five -- be show stand in he private library beside a glass commode . Parry point to inside the commode , where a golden chalice be display . parry it 's the grail ... the Holy grail . he indicate the picture on the collage . Jack 's lose it . jack the Holy grail ? some billionaire have the Holy grail sit in a commode on madison Avenue ? parry I know ! you can not imagine how surprised I be . who would think you could find anything divine on the Upper East side . jack ( annoyed now ) listen ... I do not mean to be flippant or to enrage you or anything but ... you be a imbecile . and I be not the one ... I be not any one ... Parry try to speak but : jack ( continue ) I think you be a very nice ... very nice psychotic man . I really appreciate what you do for I . it be a very brave and noble thing ... parry oh , please ... you be embarrassing I . jack ( rise ) I wish you all the luck in the world . when you get the grail , I be sure I will be see lot of you on various talk show ... parry ( upset ) but I can not get it ... he 's ... he run to the wall with the scribbling in red and indicate the evil face with the beard ... he pick up a red marker and begin scribbling furiously -- add to the face and the horse ... parry ( continue ) he 's out there ... I do not know if ... he 's always out there , see ... and ... he drop the marker and smile to Jack ... parry ( continue ) see , you do not know he ... that 's why you be the one ... you can get it ... jack listen , forget the shoe . I will just take a cab ... uh ... parry Parry . jack Parry ... I be Jack . parry I know ... Parry rush to a corner and get Jack 's show and pinnochio doll , then rush to Jack and hand they over . jack thanks ... you can keep the doll . parry thanks a mill -- ( like a corporate exec ) and I will give you a buzz as soon as I hear from the people upstairs and we will get this thing off the ground ... thanks for stop by , Jack . give my love to the wife and kid . Parry grab Jack 's hand and shake it . jack I be not marry . parry funny -- you look marry . horrify , Jack make a hasty exit . CUT to : int . brownstone hallway - minute later Jack step out of what appear to be the entrance to the basement . he walk down the hallway toward the front exit when suddenly a apartment door swing open . frank , a burly black superintendent with a hearing aid , step out . frank where you comin ' from ?! jack uh ... basement I think ... frank ( yell to basement ) I tell he no visitor !!! Jack 's hangover set off another explosion . jack sorry ... I ... wife ( o.s. ) fraaaaankkk ! who 's at the door ?! Jack glance through the half - open door and see the bottom half of Frank 's wheelchair bound wife : one leg be normal , the other be a pink prosthetic . both , however , be wear furry mule . Jack 's nightmare do not seem to end . frank I be talkin ' to somebody . ya gotta yell like a banshee ?!! wife ( o.s. ) it 's just my manner ! frank ( hard of hearing ) what ? wife ( o.s. ) I say it 's just my manner !!! Jack 's head be now nearly split down the middle . frank you a friend of Parry 's ? jack no ... ( try to clear he vision ) he be suppose to live there ? frank yeah , well ... I let he stay there . what else could I do after such a tragedy ? jack tragedy ? frank ( die to tell ) he and he wife be be at some bar .. and some nut come in with a shotgun and blow the place apart . she be a beautiful girl ... she never know what hit she . Jack go numb . he can not believe he ear . he lean against the wall for support .... camera on Jack as Frank continue o.s . frank ( o.s. ) ( continue ) .... you must have hear about it . that nut who listen to the radio ? light change on Jack against the bare wall . ( perhaps even the scenery be move behind he ) as we fade out Frank 's voice . frank ( o.s. ) ( continue ) Parry 's not he real name . his real name 's Henry sa .... - - and fade in Anne 's voice ... anne ( v.o. ) .. listen . I understand about open relationship . please . I be a teenager in the sixty after all .... I understand ! CUT to : int . video pop office - day . Anne sit at she desk , surround by she shelf of porno tape . Jack sit before she look like death warm over . Frank 's voice reverb in he head as he half listen to Anne . anne .... but when you care about somebody ya need more than a open relationship . ya need a phone call . her intercom ring . Anne 's tone immediately change : anne ( continue ) what !.... employee ( v.o. ) a guy want to check out the porno ... anne so send he back ! ( she flick off the intercom and return to Jack , softly ) ... ya need to pick up the phone and tell I that you be not dead ... that you have not be attack or rape or who know . you disappear last night . I do not know what to think . I be up all night . look at you ! a meek , fiftyish businessman have enter and begin to browse through the porno video discreetly . jack I be sorry . anne I smell gas ... do you smell gas ... she and the businessman exchange glance . Jack be about to respond when Anne continue : anne ( continue ) I can not tell you how distraught I be . all night long . what the hell happen ? jack I be attack . anne what ! jack two kid try to set I on fire . anne oh my God ... what do they do ! my God !!! she cross to Jack and hug he ... the businessman turn with a concerned look , have overhear . Jack indicate to Anne that he feel awkward in front of the businessman . Anne confront the businessman with as little tact as possible . anne ( continue ) be you almost do ?! businessman ( flustered ) well ... anne whatta look for -- a story !? ( make a selection ) here ... " creamer versus creamer " ... it win a award . Jack hide he face so as not to laugh . Anne usher the man out . anne ( continue ) you be attack . my God . should I call a doctor ! do you call the police ... jack no , I be fine ... really ... anne you be all right ... you sure ... Jack nod . so , Anne move on to more important matter . anne ( continue ) ... so ... where do you sleep last night ? jack I ... I stay at a friend 's . listen , I -- anne ( put up she hand ) please ... before you go on ... let I tawk ... okay ... we have have a wonderful time together ... when we first meet , you say this be not serious and I should not get serious and then you move in and we have not be serious . and I just wanna say that I have no regret . none . and do not wanna have any now so I want ya to be up front with I ... I want the truth . if you be seein ' somebody else , let I know ... you do not have to pour gasoline on yourself and light a match just to break up with I . just tell I the truth . Jack look to she -- somewhat admire the bravery and integrity underneath the peasant stock . jack I be not see anyone else . I really be attack . anne okay . ( satisfied , she strut to she desk ) ... I love you ... Jack smile weakly . anne ( continue ) ... you do not have to say it back ... although it would not kill you . I will cook tonight . CUT to : int . anne's apartment above the store - night Anne and Jack have just finish eat dinner . jack you know what the Holy grail be ? Anne take a long drag then put it out in she leftover food . Jack be repell by the habit . anne the Holy grail ? yeah ... I know that . it be like -- Jesus ' juice glass . Jack just stare at she . anne ( continue ) oh , I use to be such a Catholic . jack you still believe in God ? anne oh sure ... gotta believe in god. ( try to be intellectual ) but I do not think God make man in he own image . no . ' Cause most of ... the bullshit that happen , be because of man . no , I think man be make out of the devil 's image and woman be create out of God -- because woman can have baby which be sorta like create , and which also explain why woman be attract to man , because , let face it , the devil be a helluva lot more interesting -- I sleep with a few saint and let I tell you ... booooorr !!!... and so the whole point of life , I think , be for man and woman to get marry so the devil and God can live together and , ya know -- work it out ... ( Anne move to he and lean in for a kiss ) ... not that we have to get marry . Jack notice a brown spot on she chin and pull away . jack ... you have a little ... uh ... something on you face ... anne oh , I get a pimple ... this stuff be suppose to blend with my skin color ... like it really work , ya know ... Jack move to the bar to fix a drink . Anne follow he and take the drink out of he hand . Jack know what this mean . jack I do not think I be up to it tonight ... Anne massage he shoulder . jack I have a very traumatic experience ... I ... Anne nod but keep massage . as long as he be not with a woman , she do not care . her massage get more intense -- move up he head and contort he face as he speak . jack ( continue ) I think I be get sick ... ( try to be forceful ) I ... I sleep in a boiler room , Anne ... I be tired ... I be upset ... I be ... just not in the mood !... okay ! Anne grab he face with both hand and pull he into a kiss . she proceed to climb onto he body as she utilize a skill she pick up in high school make - out party . she be a pro . Jack , against all he better judgement and will -- despite the pimple cream -- be render helpless by this woman 's passion ... he return the embrace and guide she to the floor . CUT to : int . anne's live room - middle of the night Jack sit in he underwear on the live room floor before a open closet with a cardboard box between he leg . the box be fill with tape of Jack 's past radio show . he begin to sort through they ... read title , remember moment ... then stop when he come upon newspaper clipping of the murder at babbitt 's . Edwin malnick 's face stare at he from a yellow front page . the memory sour . he move to the bar . Anne exit the bedroom . anne whatsa matter , hon -- can not sleep ? she see the radio tape . jack I tell you something , Anne . I really feel like I be curse . anne oh stop . thing will change . my aunt Mary always say , there 's a remedy for everything in this world except death and have no class . jack I get this feel like I be ... a magnet but I attract shit . out of all the people in this city , why do I meet a man who 's wife I kill ? anne you do not kill anybody . stop . jack I wish there be some way I could ... just ... pay the fine and go home . Anne cross to Jack and gently touch he . Jack turn and clutches she to he tightly . lower he head to hers , he cry ... anne I know . I know , honey . CUT to : int . parry basement - the next day Jack be alone in the basement . he slowly walk around the room -- pick up little item here and there , as if try to discover some clue to Parry . he scan the title of the pile of book . all of they have something to do with medieval history or literature , myth , or the crusade ... he pick up one of the book and open it ... page after page have be rip out anywhere there might have be a picture or a diagram . he come upon a large scroll that he unravel . it be a map , draw by Parry , of langdon carmichael 's house and the surround block ... he roll it up ... the pinnochio doll sit on a break chair face the wall with the nightmarish scribbling ... act like a sentinel . he cross to the prominent picture of the maiden with the long hair . he notice a small stand before the picture , with a candle . it be like a shrine with offering : a flower , a small perfume sampler , a box of jawbreaker candy and a dime store romance novel . Jack do not understand . frank ( o.s. ) can I help you ? jack I be ... just look for Parry ... frank he 's not here . Jack be draw to the scribbling on the wall and make out the faint shape of a man on a horse . jack what do you say he name use to be ? CUT to : int . franks apartment - day closeup - duffel bag of Parry 's thing before Jack . frank ( o.s. ) Hospital say it would be better if we keep certain thing away from he . Frank speak o.s. as Jack look through the item : ... a master 's degree in medieval History ... another in medieval literature ... frank ( o.s. ) ( continue ) ... that 's he real name -- Henry sagan . he be a teacher over at Columbia . they keep he in some mental place on staten Island ... he do not speak for over a year then all of a sudden , he start talkin ' only now he 's this Parry guy . ... a tear picture of Parry in a tux ... he wedding ring ... a thesis entitle the fisher king , a mythic journey for modern man ... Frank continue : frank ( o.s. ) ( continue ) ... he use to live upstairs with he wife , so when he get release they send he here . I feel bad . he could not work . nobody want he . so I let he stay in the basement . he help out -- I give he a couple of dollar . people throw thing away he get they . Jack hold a beautiful photographic portrait of Parry 's wife : frank ( o.s. ) ( continue ) ... she be a beautiful girl . he be crazy about she . CUT to : ext . a lot beneath the manhattan bridge - day . the black , the irishman and the hippy be in they usual place . they lean against the wall , observe the afternoon life that walk by . jack enter the scene and ask they where parry be . the hippy begin to speak and point to he right . jack nod in appreciation and hand they a couple of dollar . CUT to : ext . corner outside metropolitan life build - later that day . jack approach parry from across the street ; he be sit on top of a car near a souvlaki vendor and eyeing a clock tower across the street and to the leave of the building . he study the time as he recite under he breath ( we only hear excerpt ) ; parry " soveriegn princess of he captive heart what dire affliction have thou make I suffer , thus banish from thy presence with reproach , and fettere by thy rigorous command , not to appear again before thy beautiful face . deign princess , to remember this thy faithful slave , who now endure such misery for love of thee " .... jack Parry ! parry smile casually and , without look at Jack , say : parry hi Jack ... he then return he gaze to the clock which be approach noon . jack reach in he pocket and pull out some money . jack hi. listen ... I think maybe you could use a - the clock strike noon . parry grab jack ... parry come on ! he pull jack into the building . ext . met life build - noon . several business man and woman make they way out the elevator for lunch . parry and jack position themselves with a clear view of the center elevator . the door open and after several more aggressive co-worker exit , parry damsel in distress appear out of a revolve door , but quickly get " revolve " back into the building .... parry she will be back .... finally , lydia make a exit . parry be not she a vision ? reaction shot of a bewildered jack as he look at lydia - a dowdy , waif - like sparrow of a thing - make she way through the lobby . she be torturously self - conscious , clumsy , formless and plain . she wear loose frock that give she no shape and make she appear to be swim in material . she wear no make - up ; she unstyle hair be keep off she face by a single beret that keep slide down she head , and she contact lens be always dry , cause she to blink and use drop . jack yeah , gorgeous ... look , I be go . I just want to give you ... start to dig in he pocket , but Parry be already off . parry let 's go . jack follow . CUT to : ext . chinese restaurant - day . behind the glass in interior , we can see lydia sit by herself eat lunch . camera pan out to the STREET where parry and jack be sit on the hood of a car , watch ... parry she love dumpling . it 's she Wednesday ritual . lydia raise a dumpling to she lip with a pair of chopstick . she then accidentally drop it into a dish of soy sauce and splatter she dress . unnerve , she hastily wipe herself down , knock over a glass of water when she remove the napkin . parry be not she sweet . she do that every time ... Jack squint at lydia as if try to see what Parry see . CUT to : int . bookstand near grand central station - day Jack and Parry have follow lydia into a bookstore . she stand browsing through a revolve bookstand . they watch from a distance . parry she busy a new book every two day . lydia spin too hard , send book fly off . she replace the book , but keep one call " love lusty longing " ... parry ( continue ; smile with great affection ) she 's into trash . whadda you gonna do ? CUT to : ext . met life build - day Parry and Jack be follow lydia , when she stop at a newsstand . parry she 's get a real sweet tooth . if anybody ever tell I I would be in love with a woman who eat jawbreaker , I would say they be nut . ( reverentially ) but look at that jaw ! Jack do not want to look . if the Little people make Parry seem crazy , this infatuation confirm he as beyond hope . CUT to : ext . met life build - day lydia busy some candy then turn and walk back toward she office building , once again wait she turn to dive into the revolve door . she disappear into the building . jack do you follow she every day ? parry huh-huh . I be deeply smitten . jack what 's she name ? parry I do not know . a businessman , walk in the opposite direction , throw a candy wrapper on the street as he pass Jack and Parry . Parry suddenly stop , outrage , pull out a slingshot and fire a stone at the man 's head . the businessman be hit but do not know how , since Parry grab Jack 's arm and resume walk casually in the opposite direction . jack why do you do that ? parry well , if every time someone do something offensive they hit in the head with a pebble , I think they might alter they behavior . what do you think Jack ... before Jack can respond , parry spot a rummage find : parry oh look ! a cooler ! Parry spot a abandon cooler fill with junk and start go through it . thing be get weird again , so jack seize the moment to accomplish he initial task - he pull out a fifty dollar bill and hand it to parry . jack here ... I just would like to help you . I think ...maybe ... you could use some money . parry fifty dollar ? jack dig deeper and hand he a twenty . parry be dumbfounded . jack here 's another twenty . will that do ? ( sorting through he change ) I mean , what 's it go to take ! parry no..no , it 's .. I do not know what to say . this be so nice of you ... Jack ... he hug he on the street which embarass jack to no end . jack ( pull away ) that 's o.k. parry can I take you to lunch ? jack no .. I have to get back to work . take care of yourself . jack walk away . camera stay on jack for a few yard until he turn around and see : parry hand the money to a bum in a doorway , yell into a imaginary phone . bum sell !.... sell !.... sell ! ( he take the money from parry ) buy !... buy !... buy !... jack hey !!... hey ! jack walk back to parry , who be explain to the bum , who be now talk gibberish : parry ( as if he understand ) well , I think you should be realistic . ya can not start a ad agency on fifty dollar ! jack what be you do ? ( to bum ) give that back ! the bum scream in defiance ... parry pull jack away ... jack but I give it to you ! parry well what be I gonna do with it ? jack I do not know . but I give it to you ... to help you ... not he . parry ( beat , then smile mischieviously ) you really want to help I ? a wary jack , who 's afraid to reply . CUT to : ext . langdon carmichael townhouse - day . on the Upper East side , parry and jack stand across the tree-line street from the ten million dollar armory / house . parry pretty impressive huh ?... do not let it scare you . I will admit it 's formidable but everything have it 's weakness . jack you can not just break into langdon carmichael 's house . this man have do nothing . parry o.k... let I explain this one more time ... the Holly grail be in -.... jack all right ! listen - please ... do not start drool or ... roll you eye when I tell you this but - you should not do this .. there be no Holy grail . parry of course there be , Jack . what do you think the crusade be - a frat initiation ? I do not think so ... there have to be a grail . jack look , you be only sort of insane , really . people like you can lead semi-normal life . you could get a job ... parry I do not need a job . I have a quest . jack I take it back - you be fuck derange ... and you be go to get yourself kill try to get in there ! parry tch . you be so sweet ... now I know why you be say this . ... you be afraid I be in danger and you be try to protect I . jack no . I think you be a moron and I do not want to get into trouble . ignoring this , parry get fill with emotion and hug jack . parry ... you be such a great guy . first the money , now this . ( to the little people ) be not he fabulous !? jack ( pull away ) please do not hug I in public again , o.k .? parry ( shout ) I love this man ... ya hear I jade CITY ... ( jack be mortify ) ... i'm daffy about this guy and I don't care who know it !!! a couple pass by , obviously not want to know it . jack will you shut -up !!! parry you be a true friend . jack I be not . believe I . I be scum . parry you be a real honest to goodness good guy . jack I be self - center , I be weak - I do not have the will power of a fly on shit ... parry that 's why the Little people send you . just like magic . jack I do not believe in little float people ! there be no magic ! parry so what ? you go to help I ? jack will you please ... please listen to I ... ( he grab parry by the shoulder ) you know none of this be true - parry the grail , the voice ... Jack ... there 's a part of you that come on ... what be know this be not true . say ... I know who you be ... I know who you be .. or who you be . you be act really - you do not belong on the no , no , no , no ... street . you be intelligent Jack ... man .... you be a teacher ... jacck !... you be a teach at Hunter College . do not you remember ?... ( scream ) parry break away from he . he fall back onto the ground . the scream stop and be replace by a eerie silence . as if sound be rip out of space . jack speak but no sound come out ... we be in parry world for this brief moment ... jack lean over to help parry , but the latter inch away ... fearful of the vision he see : something out of sight , loom over jack , breathe fiery smoke ... jack try to raise parry off the ground and , in do so , the vision for parry come into full view : CUT to : a magnificent burnished red steed stare down at Parry . on top of he sit the Red knight . - a helmete figure with a beard in a flow red cap , hold a lance . he stare at Parry . close he eye , Parry raise he hand to protect himself . Jack look around and see nothing . he act with great concern : jack ( mouthing in silence ) perry ... you all right ? he embrace parry by the shoulder . parry turn to he open he eye , then turn back to the knight to discover that : the horse and the knight have move several foot away , and be continue to back up ... as if in retreat . jack speak as the sound be return . jack Parry answer I ... be you all right ? parry smile in amazement . parry he know who you be ! ( amaze ) he 's afraid ! I can tell ! jack ( o.s. ) you be totally go , be not you ? CUT to : the red knight he pull the rein back , force the horse up onto its hind leg . then , he gallop off . CUT to : parry and jack parry we have get them ... come on !!! Parry run o.s. in the direction of the knight . Jack be not about to follow , until he see -- Parry run right into the intersection of 94th & fifth almost get hit hit by a cab . jack Jesus . Jack run after he . CUT to : ext . fifth ave . and 74 th - day Parry reach where the Red knight stand and look . CUT to : the red knight riding onto the sidewalk and into Central Park . CUT to : parry , as jack reach he . jack what be go o- before he can finish , parry be off again . jack race after he . CUT to : ext . central park - day . they climb the wall and run into the park . they dodge past woman with stroller , runner , biker , sun worshipper , etc .... they run deep into a extremely woody section of Central Park . the red knight appear first to the leave , then re-appear to the right . parry dart about like a madman . ext . rock - central park - day the Red knight be perch atop a rock . he and Parry exchange look . the knight and he horse rear up , two tower figure against the Central Park South skyline . ext . central park - day . Parry , uttering a war cry , rush off again . ext . rock - central park - day jack , exhaust and bedraggle , climb the rock to follow . he reach the top , panting . jack oh ... oh ... oh God ... I be die . I can not breath and I be die . he find parry sit buddha-like , on the top of the rock , calmly gaze out at the beautiful scenery before he . parry be not it great up here ... he 's go now , but we have he on the run ! we would have have he ass if we have horse ! he 's run scared ! jack who ! who' running ?!! who have we be chasing !?? can I ask this question now !!! camera pan back slowly from behind Jack and Parry . parry I be sorry Jack . I think you see he . camera reveal the head of a horse . jack saw who !!? parry the Red knight ! jack the Red ...? ( stare at he in wonder ) you be totally go , be not you ? frustrate , jack turn to leave but this time there be a sound - someone be cry o.s . parry ..... do you hear that ?! oh " Heaven be praise , in give I a opportunity , so soon of fulfil the duty of my profession ... this cry doubtless proceed from some miserable male or female , who stand in need of my immediate aid and protection " and he 's off .... a reluctant jack pause before follow . jack this be too hard . CUT to : ext . - central park ; bridle path - day . the park 's bridle path . a beaten man cry as he sit in the middle of the dirt bridle path - mumble to himself , try to bury himself in dirt .... he hear the two man come . gay bum get away ! get away !!.... parry kneel down to he . jack keep a safe distance away . parry it 's o.k ... it 's o.k... let I help you up . gay bum no ... I wanna go ! I wanna go now ! parry come on now ... you can not sit here . gay bum no ! I want a debutante on a horse to step on I . leave I alone !! jack ( want to leave ) Parry ... parry buddy , the day of the debutante be ... not what they use to be . gay bum ( start to cry ) be not that awful ? poor Brenda frazier . poor Little gloria . they ruin they ! they eat they alive ! parry ( help he up ) it be a crime . gay bum leave I alone ... I wanna go ... parry lift he up - he look to jack for help . parry will you get the other side . ( jack hesitates ) Jack ? the man 's cut and suicidal demeanor turn jack off . jack listen , he just need to sleep it off . someone will take care of he . parry who ? jack well , maybe he want to stay here . ( to bum ) do ... do you want to stay here ? gay bum ( suddenly lucid and pissy ) oh , yes , thank you - I really love bleed in horseshit . how very gandhiesque of you . parry look to jack , who then begrudgingly help the bum up . CUT to : int . emergency room - later . in a room at the end of the line of chair , parry stand hold the gay bum . jack stand a safe distance away , unable to take he eye off the scene before he : seat against the wall be a assortment of derelict , drunk , scream withdrawl victim and jackete schizophrenics . jack have a hard time move . parry ( to jack , refer to gay bum ) will you watch he for a minute ? before Jack can respond , parry shift the gay bum be body into jack be arm , then move about the room , introduce himself to the various patient as jack watch . he move down the line ... say hello , wiping people 's brow , hold the hand of a angry bag lady mumble incoherently . smiling and say hello to each one , no matter how frightening they seem . he appear to have a soothing affect . gay bum I wanna go ... just let I go ... jack uh ... where ... where do you want to go ? gay bum ( upset ) a real nice place I know ... ah ... can not get there ! not tonight . jack ( be positive ) where ? maybe we can . gay bum ( overlap , cry ) no ...no ... we can not ... we can not .. jack ( with more feel ) come on ... maybe we can ... where do you want to go ? gay bum Venice ... like Katherine hepburn in summertime . ( the gay bum cry in frustration ) . .... why can not I be Katherine hepburn ... jack stare at he , at a complete loss for a response . gay bum I wanna die ... I just wanna die ... jack , against all better judgement , pat the bum be hand in comfort . unexpectedly , the gay bum lean he head on jack be shoulder , and cry . jack , wide - eye with embarassment , look over to parry - CUT to : int . emergency room - day parry be teach a song to a scitzho , a yuppie in a straight jacket , and a paranoid bag lady ... bum o.k.. everyone know they part ... here we go ... ( sing ) " I like New York in June " ... he point to the yuppie who reply : yuppie " how about you ... " parry " I like a gershwin tune ... " parry point to the scitzho , who stare at he blankly , drool : parry ... good !.... " I like to read good book " he point to the bag lady , who be talk to herself : bag lady where the hell be I gonna put the child ? goddamn daughter - in-law ! come into my house look for dustball ! get the fuck outta my dine room ... you ingrate ! parry tempo , people ...tempo ... int . emergency room - day jack , he arm around the despair gay man , be share he problem . jack can you tell I something ? do you lose you mind all of a sudden or be it a slow gradual process ? gay bum ( suddenly coherent ) well , ... I be a singer by trade ... summer stock ... nightclub revue ... that kind of thing ... it use to be what I absolutely live for ... God ... I can do gypsy backwards - every part - but , one night ... in the middle of sing " funny ..... - it suddenly hit I ... ... what do all of this really mean ? ( jack nod in a know metaphysical aggreement ) that , and the fact that all my friend be dead ... God , I sound like a veteran . dad would be so proud . at that moment a pizza boy enter , make a delivery : pizza boy pizza ! suddenly , doctor and nurse appear out of the wood work and swarm around the delivery boy . CUT to : int . emergency room - day parry notice the time , pass by the doctor and pizza . parry Jack , it 's almost five . we be go to be late . we be go to miss she ! parry exit . jack turn to the gay bum , exhaustedly . jack um ... I have get to run . I have bee do this all day . be you go to be all right ? gay bum oh please !... I be bear a Catholic in Brooklyn ... I have be to hell and back .... I will be fine ... ( add quite sincerely : ) .... thanks ... you be a gem . jack nod , a little self - consciously , and exit . CUT to : int . grand central station : a bank - rush hour parry and jack sit on the floor enjoy a cup of coffee . a vietnam vet in a wheelchair with no leg sit near the opposite wall , along with at least fifteen other homeless begger . another man sit against a cash machine , cry . a woman pass by and drop some change in the vet 's cup without say a word . the vet , sid , smile broadly . sid God bless you ... have a nice day . ( to Jack and Parry ) ya hear Jimmy nickel get pick up yesterday ... Parry be too busy scan the Grand Central main floor to answer . realizing Parry be not answer , Jack feel oblige to pick up the conversation . jack oh yeah ? sid he get catch -- ( passer - by drop coin in cup ) God bless ... have a safe trip home ... ( to Jack ) -- get catch pissin ' on the bookstore . man 's a pig . no excuse for that . we be head for social anarchy when people start pissing on bookstore ! Jack smile at this observation . he then try to get Parry 's attention . jack you will never see she in this crowd . Parry do not answer . he look like a dog wait for its master . people walk by Jack at a frantic pace . he sit uncomfortably against a wall . a man almost step on he as he walk by and toss a coin at sid , miss the cup and force sid to bend over ... Jack pick the coin up for he . sid bless you . jack asshole ! guy do not even look at you . sid ( take coin ) he 's pay so he do not have to look . what he do not know be , he 's pay for a service . guy go to work every day and for eight hour , seven day a week , he bend over and get it right up the ass till he can not stand ... Parry stand up and begin pace before the main floor . sid ( continue ) ... but one day , right before quit time on Friday , he boss be go say something like " say Bob -- come into my office and kiss my ass " ... and Bob be go think -- " the hell with it ! I do not care what happen . all I want right now be to see the expression on he face when I stab he with this pair of scissors " ... Parry look at the clock above the information booth -- 5:00 . sid ( continue ) ... but then he think of I -- " wait a minute ! " ... he say ... " it 's not so bad . at least I get two arm and two leg and I be not beggin ' for money . " he put down the scissors , and pucker up ... Jack be impressed with this man . sid ( continue ) ... I be what you call a moral traffic light . it 's like I be say " Red -- go no further . " o.s. a black woman begin to sing . Jack and sid look : sid ( continue ; smile with respect ) ah , Margaret . CUT to : int . grand central station - photo lab - rush hour margaret , a black woman in a paisley kaften , stand near a photo lab across from Jack and sid . with a box in front of she for donation , she start sing ( song to be choose ) . some rush hour commuter stop to listen . her voice be strong and soulful , she perform uninhibitedly . sid you have to admit though ... like at 5:00 in Grand Central ... pretty breathtaking , do not cha think ? Jack look around this mad rush hour scene , take it in through sid 's eye ... Parry , however , keep he gaze on the main floor . suddenly , he spot she : CUT to : int . grand central station - MAIN floor horde of people be move in every which way , zigzagge across the floor ... lydia move through the crowd , avoid touch anyone ... parry camera pan in slowly as we hear Margaret 's song o.s . the closer the camera get to Parry the more she song change ... at first a blend of two melody that sound distruptive , cachophonous ... but as Parry smile with joy , he song overtake Margaret 's ... it be a waltz . CUT to : MAIN floor - parry Pov the horde of people continue they zigzagge for a beat then : suddenly , they pair up and waltz around the main floor , circle around the center information booth ... only lydia remain walk -- glide through the dancer with grace and ease ... Parry watch in a state of rapture -- move as she move to keep she in eye view as long as possible . CUT to : jack listen to Margaret 's song , take in the scene around he ... watch people listen to she song , while other walk by as if they be deaf and blind ... feeling strangely at ease , strangely apart of everyone around he -- a group of lose soul listen to a woman bare she soul in song . he look to spot Parry , rise and cross to he ... CUT to : MAIN floor Parry watch as lydia exit the main floor ( the waltz have end ) just as Jack speak he line : jack it 's such a great song . parry ( refer to he own song ) it 's a classic . Jack look in the direction of Parry 's stare and see lydia exit . parry ( continue ) God . just one night with she . I would die happy . Jack hear this as if a light bulb go off above he head . CUT to : int . lydia' apartment - dusk a door open . lydia enter with a bag of grocery she pick up on the way . she turn on the light to reveal a extremely neat , albiet modest , one bedroom apartment . she carry the grocery bag into the kitchen . out of the bag , she remove a lean cuisine , a giant bottle of cream soda and four giant bar of chunky chocolate . she pop the lean cuisine into the oven and walk back into the live room to a old stereo . she turn the turntable on -- a record already set upon it . she stand by she coffee table , as if take position : suddenly , we hear ethel merman -- as lydia lip-sync every word with complete commitment -- give a full out performance . ethel / lydia get no sunshine , get no rain still I think I be a lucky dame I get the sun in the morning and the moon at night ... her attempt at hand gesture and choreography be awkward -- bunk into the coffee table , bang she hand against a lamp -- but , we see a part of lydia that few ( actually no one ) see . her abandon , she joy ... she smile . from upstairs , neighbor bang for she to keep the music down . lydia casually cross to the stereo , turn off the turntable and head back to the kitchen -- as if the neighbor interference be all apart of she nightly ritual . CUT to : int . anne's apartment - night Anne sit alone at she formica table , smoking a cigarette . two plate be set . she wait for Jack . she be hurt and piss off . tony orlando and dawn play on she stereo . tony orlando knock three time ... on the ceiling if you want I ... twice on the pipe ... the song continue as the camera slowly pan up to closeup of Anne , who be fight with a imaginary Jack . anne ya fuckin ' bastard . I do not need this ... ( emphasize ) ... I do not need this ! a woman my age ... I be a person . this be kid stuff . you come ! you go ! and all I do be cook like a jerk ! you be a waste of good cutlet ... I do not need this ... find yourself another dope ... ya fuckin ' bastard ... she puff on she cigarette . CUT to : ext . central park - sheep meadow - night parry what a beautiful night . he walk deeper into the open field . this make jack nervous . jack do not you think it 's time to go now ? running around here during the day be one thing but at night we could be kill by a wide variety of people . parry well that 's stupid . this be my park just as much as it be theirs . you think it 's fair they keep we out just because they make we think we will get kill or something ? jack yes . I think that 's very fair . parry take off he pants and stand there naked . jack ( continue ) ..... what be you do ? parry have you ever do any cloudbusting ? you lie on you back and you concentrate on the cloud ... and you try yo break they apart with you mind . it 's wild . Parry lie down . jack you can not do this ! this be New York ! nobody lie in naked in a field in New York .. it 's ... it 's too midwestern . parry come on , try it . ya feel the air on you body - ya little fella 's flappin ' in the breeze . ... everybody in the city be busy with they business and no one know we be bare ass in the middle of it . come on ! jack no ! I will not ! this be nut ! I be leave ! I mean it ... this be nut . ( freak , walk oc ) this be too nut ... I be leave . I mean it ! jack start walk away from parry , talk to himself - jack .. ha ... Little fella ? I mean the man talk to invisible people - he see invisible horse - and he 's naked in the middle of Central Park . I should be surprised ? I be not surprised . I be fuck outta my mind to even be here ! parry ( o.s. ) who be you talk to Jack ? jack ( turn back and yell ) you 're out of you fucking mind !! parry ( o.s. ) bingo ! he walk o.c. CUT to : ext . central park : sheep meadow - ten minute later - night . jack , fully clothed , lie next to parry look up at the cloud . jack they be not move . they stare up . jack raise he head . he unbutton he shirt - maybe that will help ... jack what if some homophobic jogger run by and kill we to get back at he overbearing father ? Parry remain focus on the sky - in he own world . something about cloudbusting make Parry behave in a way we have not see before ... he be un characteristically quiet . jack " jack luca found dead - beside a dead naked man ... the two be dead ... he companion be naked " ... I hate when they use the word companion ... it 's so insinuate .. although , it will probably boost my biography sale . the public love storey about successful people fall into degenerate behavior . make they feel lucky to be boring and ordinary ... people stink . Parry suddenly speak - as if talk to a lecture hall . parry be there any question ? jack what ? parry then let 's begin with the story itself . it 's a story of the grail myth ... and although there be several variation , my favorite begin with the Fisher King as a young boy ... who have to spend a night alone in the forest to prove he courage ... and during that night , he be visit by a sacred vision . out of the fire , appear the Holy grail - God 's high symbol of divine grace . and a voice say to the boy , " you shall be the guardian of the grail , that it may heal the heart of man " ... but the boy be overcome ... innocent and foolish , he be blind by great vision - a life ahead fill with beauty and glory , hope and power ... tear fill he eye as he sense he own ... invincibility . a boy 's tear of naive wonder and inspiration . and in this state of ... radical amazement ... he feel for a brief moment , not like a boy , but like God ... ( Jack listen intently ) ... and so he reach into the fire to take the grail . and the grail vanish . and the boy hand be leave catch in the flame ... leave he wounded and ashamed at what he recklessness have lose he . when he become King , he be determine to reclaim he destiny and find the grail ... but with each year that pass , with each campaign he fight , the grail remain lose , and this wound he suffer in the fire grow worse ... he become a bitter man . life for he lose it 's reason . with each disappointment , with each betrayal ... with each loss ... this wound would grow ... soon the land begin to spoil from neglect and he people starve ... until finally , the King lose all faith in God 's existance and in man 's value ... he lose he ability to love or be love and he be so sick with experience ... that he start to die . as the year go on , he bravest knight would search for the grail that would heal they King and make they the most respected and value man in the land , but to no avail . pretty soon , find the grail become a ruthless struggle between ambitious man vie for the King 's power , which only confirm the King 's worst suspicion of man , cause he wound to grow . his only hope , he think , be death . then one day , a fool be bring in to the King to cheer he . he be a simple-minded man ... not particularly skilled ... or admire ... he tell the King some joke ... sing he some song , but the King feel even worse ... finally , the fool say , " what be it that hurt you so much ? how can I help ? " ... and the King say , " I need a sip of water to cool my throat " ... so , the fool take a cup from the bedstand , fill it with water and hand it to the King ... suddenly , the King feel a lot better . and when he look to he hand , he see that it be the Holy grail the fool hand he ... a ordinary cup that have be beside he bed all along ... and the King ask , " how can this be ?... how could you find what all my knight and wisest man could not find " ? and the fool answer , " I do not know . I only know you be thirsty . " ... and for the first time since he be a boy , the King feel more than a man - not because he be touch by God 's glory ... but rather , by the compassion of a fool . jack do not know how to respond . he 's never know parry to be eloquent . he get a glimpse of parry as he once be and the word come out of he mouth before he know it : jack I be so sorry . but parry seem far away . he speak like a professor : parry the Fisher King myth have alot of derivation ... I remember I be at this lecture in Princeton once - and there be this one speaker ... Henry sa ... Henry ...uh ... Henry ... he stop . as if this memory escape with any warning . parry ( continue ) .... what be I say ? jack be as surprised as he be . parry face be frighten and confuse again . there be panic in he voice . parry ( continue ) .... what be I say ? he raise he head to look and see : ext . sheep meadow : several yard away - night . the dark silouette of the red knight upon he horse . stare - know exactly where parry lie even though it 's dark . parry look frighten as he lay he head back down . jack try to snap he out of it by say : jack how come you have never ask that girl for a date ? parry look back to see that the red knight have vanish . he snap out of it somewhat . parry I can not ask for she ... I have to earn she . jack Parry , you do not have to earn a woman . it 's the twentieth century . parry maybe , when we get the grail ... jack well , see , I think she can help ... you know woman be great .. they ... they make home and they .. ya know , kill the livestock so the knight can go out and get grail and ... and slaughter village with a clear head ... I mean , where would Arthur be without guinevere ... parry happily marry , probably . jack bad example . just trust I . a woman who love you keep you go ... give you strength ... make you feel like you can do anything ... parry be that what you girlfriend do for you ? jack ( hesitates , then lie : ) sure ... CUT to : int . lobby , met life build - morning . jack wait near the elevator as the nine - to- five crowd make they way into the building . he look like a bum - have stay out all night with parry .... he's so tired he can not keep he eye open as lydia walk with the crowd to the elevator ... just as the door close , jack spot she and jump in between they - cause the inhabitant a jolt . CUT to : int . two heart publishing - morning . the elevator door open . lydia get off after two leggy businesswoman . jack follow . she walk through two glass door with the word two heart publishing , inc . and enter the office . jack wait until she have disappear down a foyer , then enter the reception area . jack could you help I -- what be the name of that girl who just come in ... receptionist what girl ? I do not notice . jack uh ... she be wear a kind of ... a flouncy kind of ... uh ... plain ... he make big gesture with he arm to describe the dress , the stringy gesture with he finger to describe she hair . receptionist ( win at charade ) oh , lydia ! jack lydia . lydia what ? receptionist God , I have no idea . she 's work here for fifteen year and I have no idea . I will call she . jack no ... no ... that 's all right ... I think I know she ... thanks ... CUT to : int . video pop office - day Jack be on the phone , with a open yellow page beside he . jack yes. two heart publish ? May I speak to lydia please . he wait . Anne enter . she be obviously very irritate with he . anne can I have my desk please . jack ( to phone ) hello , I would like to speak to lydia ? anne lydia ?! lydia who !? jack ( to Anne ) I do not know she last name ... I will be off in a second . anne you be call lydia in my office . you must think I be some dope . you fuckin ' bastard ... you ... ( she punch he arm ) ... stay out all night long ... jack ( overlap , to phone ) what ... no ... lydia ... I want to speak to ... she name be lydia ... i...uh ... anne ( overlap ) ... I do not get a friggin ' phone call . you stroll in here at noon . I get ... two people out sick . ya think I need this ? I do not need this ! jack ... forget it ... Goodbye ! he hang up . Anne sit down at she desk . she be wait for a explanation . jack I be not with a woman last night . I be out with Parry . anne the moron ? jack he 's not a moron . anne and who 's lydia ? jack lydia be the girl Parry like ... and I think , if I could get they together I ... anne what ? the curse will be lift ? will you please ! jack I ... you be not go to understand this . anne do not treat I like I be stupid . it piss I off . jack all right ... sorry ... I feel indebted to he . anne ( pause ) what do that mean ? jack see , I tell you ! anne well , what the hell do that mean ? jack I think ... if ... if I can help he in some way ... you know ?... get he this girl he love ... then ... maybe .... thing will start change for I ... my luck , ya know ... maybe ... ( give up ) forget it ... it 's a stupid idea . Anne look at he incredulously . he sit down and breathes a sigh -- the absurdity of the idea hit he as well . Anne soften -- feel like she have unfairly take the wind out of he sail . anne oh , you poor kid ... you be a mess . Anne stand and bury Jack 's face in she breast . she decide to be positive . anne ( continue ) ... well , listen ... stranger thing have happen . CUT to : int . anne's apartment - later that afternoon . Jack on the phone to lydia . this time Anne be right beside he . jack hello lydia ? lydia ( abrasively ) yeah ? who be this ? her abrupt manner surprise Jack . Jack use he old , confident radio voice . jack this be Jack Lucas and I be call from video pop video rental . int . lydia' office - intercut phone call - day lydia yes . jack yes well ... ( guess and hope ) you be a credit card holder , be you not ? lydia huh-huh . jack well , congratulation lydia , because out of several thousand card holder ... in conjunction with several major credit card company ... lydia which one ? jack all of they ... which mean you have just win a free membership at we store on second Avenue . he put the reciever near a tape player and press play . " happy day be here again " play for a moment , then he shut it off . lydia ( deadpan , not get it ) how do this happen ? Jack be prepare for lydia 's , shall we say , reluctance to buy it ! jack you name be pick . lydia ( suspicious ... and dense ) well , I do not understand . what do you do -- do you pick my name out of a hat or ... or ... a list ? jack a list . lydia well -- be there a lot of people in the room or just you or what ? jack ( about to answer ) well there .... ( then ) what 's the difference ? lydia well , I mean ... I do not know you ... this have never ... I have never win anything and ... I do not have a vcr . jack you get a vcr with the membership . ( anne hit he ) ... for a short time until you get you own . listen , why do not you come down to the store and you can check it out . see if you be interested . lydia do Phyllis in accounting tell you to call I ? jack ( feed up ) no ! I tell you ! you win a contest ! lydia hang up . Jack turn to Anne . jack ( continue ) .... this be go to be rough . CUT to : int . met life elevator - day . jack stand beside a costume gay bum in a crowded elevator . the bum warm up to the elevator 's muzak . jack shove he to stop . a somber look businessman ride along side , read a newspaper . the gay bum move next to he and look up : gay bum I be Anne morrow lindbergh and I can not find my baby ... the businessman be stunne ... he laugh ... businessman what ? gay bum see , I know I could make you smile ... CUT to : int . two heart publishing - day . the elevator door open . jack stand beside the gay bum who carry balloon mark video spot . jack ( adamant ) remember . one chorus and out . gay bum I be a man with a mission , Jack . the gay bum walk to the office entrance . jack push the down button . as the door close , we hear he say to himself : jack I can not believe I be on a first name basis with this people ... CUT to : the gay bum enter the reception area , much to the surprise of the receptionist . receptionist can I ... help you ? gay bum be there a mousy woman who work here name lydia ? receptionist yes .. if you will wait here I will ... gay bum this be a personalize message . I have to give it in person . int . two heart publishing - moment later the gay bum stroll nonchalantly into the office and down the aisle relishing in the amaze expression of the employee . he approach a cubicle on which he read a small name plate - lydia sinclair . lydia have she back to he , but slowly turn as she feel someone watch she . she let out a tiny scream when she see he stand there like a derange clown . the gay bum take notice of she outfit - a cordoroy , forest green jumper with a lime green turtleneck - gay bum you must be she . lydia huh ? the gay bum begin to sing a song parody to the tune of a classical musical number . ( song to be choose ) . after a big finish , the gay bum hand lydia a business card , drop the act and exit : gay bum ( murmur cynically ) Jesus ... stun , lydia look down at the information card she hold freeze in she hand . CUT to : int . video stop - 5:30 the next day . c.u. on anne , who be slighted repulse by parry . jack parry ; he hair slicked back , wear a video Spot T-shirt over he clothes . Jack hang a car pine freshner around parry 's neck to help with the smell ... the bell on front door jingle . lydia cautiously enter the store . behind the counter , jack spot she immediately and nudge anne . she turn to look , she bra strap be visible . jack fix they . lydia hello . my name be lydia sinclair . jack yes. hi.. congratulation . Jack Lucas . Nice to meet you finally . this be Anne napolitano , the owner of video Spot . anne hello .... congratulation . jack and this be we other ..uh... co-worker .. parry..uh ... Parry .... lydia Parry Parry ? parry no just Parry . lydia oh ... like mose . no one know how to respond to this , so they do not . lydia ( continue ; curt ) so how do we do this ? jack well..um ... you get a official membership card ... ( take one out ) just sign that and we will laminate it right here ... Parry ? you want to laminate miss sinclair 's card ?... Parry stand stare at she . jack ( continue ) ... Parry ? Parry snap out of it and cross from behind the counter to the laminate machine next to Jack . anne this will last you one year after which you have the option to renew if ... you like at a membership discount . lydia ( defensive ) but now it 's free , right ? anne yeah . Anne back off . she stand next to a equally perplex Jack as they watch lydia fill out the card . her abrasive demeanor be not what they expect . lydia finish the card and push it toward they . lydia now what ? jack uh ... you ... you can pick out up to ten movie ... lydia free ? jack yes . they be free . anne ( butt in ) only the first ten . after that they be 2.99 a rental . lydia eye Anne suspiciously , then turn to survey the shelf . Parry pick up she card and laminate it -- all the while , keep he eye fix upon lydia 's every move . Anne and Jack , have set the trap , watch with interest . lydia survey the film box , h - L . she spot one of interest and pull it off the shelf -- cause two other box to fall down on she . she catch one box and , as she replace it back on the shelf , cause three more to fall . she catch two of the three . Parry , Anne and Jack watch with a odd fascination . Jack nudge Parry to forget the laminate and go help she . Parry gather up he nerve and move from around the counter , up behind she . parry ... can ... can I help you ? lydia quickly turn -- she be uncomfortable by he closeness . lydia no. no ... I can look myself ... she move away abruptly -- like a fox terrier who pretend to ignore the mess she make on the live room rug . Parry turn to Jack and Anne , as if to say " what do I do now ? " Jack encourage he to keep try . Parry organize the box and pick one out . parry how about the " Hell merchant " ? lydia I do not like horror movie ! parry ( read ) how about ... Zbiegnew speizak 's " the purple bread , " a intensely portray tale of love and envy set against the sweeping background of a Polish bakery . in subtitles . lydia I do not like ... uh ... ( find it hard to categorize ) Polish love storey ... ( she turn she back on he , but add ) ... I like musical . parry ( encourage ) well , we have plenty of that . right over here . we get the mgm series , astaire and Rogers , the Judy garland ... lydia get any ethel merman ? he do not see any . he look to Anne , who shake she head . parry ... uh ... we seem to be all out of ethel merman . lydia what a gyp . parry yeah . Jack nudge Anne to do something . anne you know , I think I ... order some just the other day . lydia well do you or do not you ? anne ( piss off ) yes ! they will be in soon . lydia well , I guess I will come back then . jack here 's you card . lydia walk back to the counter . as Jack hand she the card , she notice Anne 's paint star fingernails . lydia I like you nail . where do you get they do ? anne ah ... I do they myself . I use to work in a beauty parlor . lydia keep stare at they . she say blankly ; lydia I like the star . Jack get a idea . jack you know , Anne do other people too . sort of a sideline ... ( Anne be surprised to hear this . ... if you want , she could do you nail . lydia how much ? jack well , since you be a member , we could ... anne ( interrupt ) twenty dollar . lydia consider the offer . Parry wait for the outcome . lydia okay ... twenty dollar ... when can you ... jack tonight ! how 's tonight ? lydia think . Anne be ready to kill Jack . Parry smile hopefully . CUT to : int . anne's apartment - that evening Jack search frantically through a closet . Anne and Parry sit opposite each other at the table . Parry be eat Anne 's homecook voraciously . Anne do not quite know how to take Parry , who smile mischieviously through he meal . anne ( to Jack o.s. ) get you nail do be one thing but go to dinner with a bunch of stranger and he ... she do not even look at he . parry get any more bread crust ? as Anne resentfully rise and cross into the kitchen , Parry focus on she robust breast bounce beneath the sweater . Anne 's expression , as she serve he , be a mixture of repulsion and fascination ... she sit at the table . jack ( o.s. ) we will make it very casual ... not like a date or anything . I just have to find something he will look good in . Anne look at Parry as if this be a impossibility . Parry smile back -- he like Anne . anne I do not know ... he 's a little disgusting ... although some woman go for that . jack ( o.s. ) he just need some clothes ? parry get any more starchy food ? another opportunity to watch Anne 's breast in action , as she reluctantly rise to get he more macaroni . she return with the pot . anne I mean , I have go out with bum , but they be gorgeous . it 's the only reason to go out with a bum . parry this food 's delicious . you be a wonderful cook . and you have a lovely home . anne Jack , he 's start a conversation ... jack ( o.s. ) well talk back . he will not bite you . anne ( cool and polite ) thank you very much . parry ( enjoy the conversation ) you welcome . you know , a beautiful woman like yourself -- you own business -- I be surprised some guy do not snatch you up for he own . Anne look in Jack 's direction , but reply to Parry : anne you be surprised !... but I guess I just never meet the right guy . whatta gonna do ? parry I be shocked . with a child bear body like yours ... ( Anne do not know how to take that ) ... why a man would have to be out of he mind ! anne most man be . parry why this be outrageous !... Parry , get overly heat , slam down he fork . Anne jump . parry ( continue ) ... a woman of you value go to waste before my eye .... ( rise intensity ) come on ! I be yours ! let 's go ! ( clear the table with one move ) come on -- let we go to that place of splendor in the grass . he start to unzip he pants . anne Jack ! climb over the table to she , he seranade . parry holdin ' my penis ... what a lovely way of sayin ' how much ya like I ... anne what be you , out of you mind ! Jack enter ... parry holdin ' my penis ... jack Parry ! Close you pants ... Parry stop sing and get off the table . he bow to she . parry ( kid ) you sure now ? Anne look at he like she 's go to belt he . parry ( continue ) ... well alright . but you let I know . ( with great sincerity ) you be too good a woman to go to waste . Anne , in spite of herself , agree with he . she look to Jack to see if he agree , but Jack be too busy inspect Parry . jack what be you -- a 40 in a jacket ? Anne , frustrated with the two of they , exit . ext . video pop - night lydia walk up and ring the bell . buzzed in -- she enter . CUT to : int . anne's apartment - later that evening Anne 's open the door to a cautious lydia . lydia nod , self - consiously , as if to say , " yeah , I be here " . anne hello ... welcome ... come in . lydia enter , subtly inspect the apartment . lydia I have never be in a apartment above a store . you always pass they on the street but you never think anyone really life in they . anne ( raise a eyebrow ) can I get you anything ... coffee ... tea ... a little tequilla ? lydia no , thank you . lydia sit at the formica table , already set up with nail care paraphernalia - with the gleam steel nail file it look a bit like surgery equipment . lydia will it hurt ? anne ( threateningly ) that all depend on you . ... sure you do not want a drink ? lydia 's a little nervous about this attempt at nail beauty . CUT to : int . parry basement - night . Jack be clean up Parry - perhaps apply a green mud treatment . CUT to : int . anne's apartment - later that evening . anne be seat at she formica table opposite lydia . she delicately hold one of lydia be hand , carefully apply the star to she nail . lydia sip she tequilla with one hand . anne be glass be almost empty as she talk non-stop ; anne ... so he say to I , " you will never find another man like I " ... I say , " please , man like you have one hand on they dick and the other hand on they mother 's leg ... I say , there 's the door - take a trip . lydia ( pay close attention ) you throw he out ? anne make a confident nod . lydia sip . lydia my parent be divorced . anne it 's a awful thing , let I tell you . my aunt use to say , ( emphasize ) " divorce be the sister - in - law of death " . anne nod knowingly . lydia squint as she consider this . CUT to : int . parry basement - same time . jack stand behind a seat parry in front of a mirror . parry be hair be wet . jack place a can of styling mousse in front of he . parry squeeze a ball of mousse in he hand , then apply it to he head .... parry proceed to experiment with a number of style - add more and more mousse as jack watch in silence . parry mold he hair into a cone , then divide into two cone , then mush it into a pompadour , then split the pompadour - parry be have a wonderful time - apply enormous amount to he head and eyebrow .... finally , jack grab the can out of parry be hand . CUT back to : int . anne's apartment - a little later . anne work on lydia be other hand , as lydia sip she tequilla from a straw . anne ...so ... anybody special in you life ? lydia ( defensive ) do I look like I have someone special ? she move to pick up she tequilla with the manicure hand but anne eye she down . anne well , do not say it like that . it 's not so ... ya know , crazy a idea . you be a healthy woman ... you hold a steady job . ya not cross eye or anything ... lydia well , there 's nobody special ! anne Fine . lydia ( pause , then : ) I mean , it 's not easy in this day and age . anne what ? lydia meeting ... people . anne tell I about it . I have be dating longer than I have be drive . I can not believe that . lydia I never really ... go through a... dating period . anne it 's a disgusting process . you have not miss anything . lydia nod in agreement , but she face tell we she feel she have miss a great deal . CUT to : int . parry basement - night parry , clean and dress up - he hair mouss back , the suit be too big . parry pace back and forth in the hallway as jack try to staple the sleeve of the suit short for parry 's arm . jack will you stand still so I can do this ! parry I be sorry .... I be just so excited . ( jack smile ) you must have feel this way when you first meet Anne , huh ? where do you two meet ? jack in a bar call hellfire . parry tch ...how romantic . yeah . if I be not already commit to lydia , boy . except Anne would never go for I though . she love you too much . and you really love she , huh ? jack no . but that 's not the only reason people get together or .. stay together . parry what be the other reason ? jack think a moment , then answer plainly : jack survival . parry put he arm on jack be shoulder and speak very sincerely . parry ( earnest ) you love she alot Jack . you be ... crazy about she ... it 's just that , sometimes , you be a little bit of a asshole . jack be surprised by the remark and abruptly focus on parry . int . anne's apartment - later lydia be a little more loose and talkative now as anne refill she glass , then take lydia be other hand to apply the star . lydia ( deadpan ) ... my mother call every week . like a recur nightmare . " so , have you meet anyone ? " ... " no mom " .. " so what 's go to happen ? " ... " I do not know Mom " ... I only thank God I move out . anne I can not believe you live with she for that long . if I have to live with my mother , I would stab myself six time . lydia I think some people be mean to be alone . ( she take a slug ) maybe I be a man in a former life and I use woman for pleasure so now I be pay for it - which would be fine , if I could just remember some of the pleasure part ... ( drink ) anne I do not understand you . what be the problem ? lydia I do not feel like I make any impression on people ... at office party I spend my time re-arranging the hor d'oeuvre as people eat they , so the platter will always look full . I do not start conversation because I have no idea how to end they ... I think I be just mean to live in the background of thing . anne that 's not true ... you gotta ease up ... conversation have a life of they own . you gotta just go with it ... we be have a lovely conversation . lydia ( bluntly ) I be pay you . anne drop she hand . she 's piss . anne you know , let I tell you something ! I be not that kind of person . I do not do people favor . if I talk to you it 's because I want to . so we be not all ...uh ... jerri Hall ... Big deal ... what a boring world if we be . you do the best you can with what you get . you be not so so invisible , ya know ... you want make a impression ? try this ; you can be a real bitch . lydia ( she face light up ) really ? anne yeah ! lydia smile at the think of have such a impressionable personality .. ext . video pop - night . jack try to calm parry down . jack come here ... you be all crooked . ( hand he wallet ) here 's my wallet , so you can pay for dinner ? jack adjust parry be tie , then undoe it and re-ty . parry take wallet , keep he eye on jack , as jack primp he . parry ... you be a nice man , Jack . do all this for I ... jack do not pay attention as parry expression grow pale and frighten . he suddenly rap he arm around jack and whisper ; parry I be scared Jack . jack , uncomfortable at the intimacy , try to comfort he . parry ... I feel so much for she ... I feel like something awful be go to happen . jack no. nothing bad 's go to happen . Anne will be there . I will be there . nothing bad will happen . parry I be still scared . CUT back to : int . anne's apartment - night . anne and lydia share a drink .... anne it 's hard be a woman . I do not care what anybody say ... people say we have choice - we have no choice ... my grandma use to say that , for a woman in this world , behind every door there 's either death ... or husband . lydia crack up laugh . lydia " sister - in - law of death " ... that 's wonderful . she take another sip as jack knock on the door and enter with parry . jack Anne ...! ( to lydia ) oh hi ? how 's it go ? lydia lose she smile and become self - conscious and protective . jack Parry , it 's lydia sinclair - we membership winner . parry I know ! jack turn to find that parry be still outside the apartment . he cross to parry . the two whisper intensely .... anne what be you two up to ? jack well .. everything 's close up . we think we would get some dinner . ( overplay it ) say !.... anybody up for chinese ? ( to lydia ) have you eat ? would you like to come along ? lydia ( rise , uncomfortable ) oh , no .. I have to get home ... anne the nail !! watch the nail !!... ( lydia sit back down ) listen , you still have to eat . parry stand in b.g. with jack , whisper .... lydia no really .. I can not . anne hey ? what do I tell you ? why do not you come ? it 's just dinner . you will have something to tell you mother next time she call . lydia smile as parry and jack reach a agreement . all four turn to each other spontaneously and say : anne , jack , lydia , parry Fine . CUT to : ext . STREET near brooklyn bridge - night . parry and lydia walk and talk . anne and jack walk behind they . lydia ... i..uh .. I get to read some of the book but mostly i.. just calculate production cost from first edition hard cover publication to paperback . after paperback it 's basically someone else 's problem . parry it sound exciting . lydia why do it sound exciting ? there 's absolutely nothing exciting about it . as Parry talk , he pick up a piece of garbage on the sidewalk . parry well , you be calculate cost that could have a affect on whether or not the book be publish and if it be , it could be a book that ... .... might somehow change the way people think or act - a book can do that . and you would be a part of create a cultural shift that could change we society forever . Parry drop the garbage in a garbage can and be almost about to browse through it when : jack Parry ! Parry be alert by Jack that this would be inappropriate . however , he do take a wire champagne cork wrapper , indiscreetly . lydia we mostly publish trashy romance novel . parry well - empire have fall because of trashy romance ... Parry seem to be fashion something out of the wire . parry ( continue ) ... romance be romance no matter what kind it be ... it could be a victorian lady kidnap by a viral sea captain with a hairy chest ... or a horny pizza boy seduce by a housewife with a hairy upper lip . as long as there 's heart , passion , and little bit of fantasy ... romance be the stuff of dream ... there 's always more to trash than meet the eye ... with this , Parry show she he creation - a little wire chair make from the champagne wire . lydia be impressed . they eye meet for a dangerous moment , until : a large man walk by , bump into lydia without apology and knock Parry 's gift to the ground .... parry ... hey ! the large man continue walk as parry reach to he back pocket to pull out he slingshot when : jack / anne parry ! parry begrudgingly let he go . martin ( o.s. ) Parry !... Parry - be that you ! Parry spot a familiar homeless face , sit on the curb . parry hey Martin ...! martin do not you look all dude up ! parry this be lydia ! martin Nice to meet you lydia ! get a quarter ?! parry smile proudly . a mortify lydia reach in she purse and hand Martin a quarter ... Anne and Jack watch in disbelief . martin thank you . God bless ... ( to Parry ) Nice girl ... have you set the date yet ? lydia hurry away . Parry follow .... the walk continue : lydia how do you know he ? parry we be neighbor for a couple for week on sutton place . lydia you live on sutton place ? parry ( proudly ) yep ! right on it ! anne ( try to save it ) huh ... the restaurant 's just around the corner here ... they nod . after a beat , lydia ask : lydia what do you do - for a live I mean ? parry well , I be in search of the Holy grail . jack smack he own forehead , exasperate . anne give up . CUT to : int . chinese restaurant - night . anne and lydia sit opposite jack and parry . they be serve three large order of dumpling . anne oh.. I could eat all of this lydia be nervous about this . as everyone begin to eat , she eye she chopstick with reluctance . parry look at she and smile encouragingly . lydia force a smile back , pick up she chopstick and dive in . parry watch she in adoration . jack subtly try to get parry to stop stare . but parry be glue to he vision . lydia , even more awkward now with she new nail , drop she first dumpling into she lap . lydia oh..god ... to save she from embarassment , parry drop he dumpling into he lap as well . parry oh boy ... lydia take she napkin and dip it into a glass of water . parry follow suit . when lydia remove the napkin , she glass fall over . parry force he glass over , as well . anne and jack be look at this mirror exercise in fascination . parry ( to lydia ) can not take we anywhere , huh ? lydia can not help but smile - a little more at ease now . grateful she be not the clumsy center of attention . jack lean over and whisper to anne : jack what do you think ? anne I think they be make for each other . and it scare I . fade to : later in the evening . we pan the table as everyone eat they main course . lydia , we discover , have another eat idiosyncracy . she unconsciously , but quite loudly , smack she mouth when she chew . lydia ( o.c. ) smack..smack ... smack ... we hear this smacking off camera as we begin on jack ; try not to look at lydia but have difficulty enjoy he own meal . camera move to parry , stare at she , helplessly in love , not pay any attention to he own food ; move to lydia " smack , smacking " , beginning to accept parry be attraction in she and , warming up to the idea , she throw a smile at he in between " smack " ; and finally anne , chew quietly , stare at jack with she eye widen twice they normal size , indicate she disbelief at lydia be vocal variety of noise . CUT to : parry gaze at he sweetheart , a song to seranade come to mind and he softly begin : parry lydia ... oh lydia ... that encyclopedia . oh lydia the tattooe lady ... his gentle voice counterbalance the odd lyric and make it sound like a love song . Anne eye Jack to stop he . Jack be about to make a attempt but can not seem to find the way , so he do not bother . lydia do not know how to respond either . at first she smile politely , then she pretend to be too busy eat to listen -- but something about Parry 's sincerity pull she in . his face glow as he float the lyric across the table to she . slowly , she " smack " subside , she lower she fork , forget she self - consciousness and listen to Parry -- slightly hypnotize ; like a little girl watch a ballerina for the first time . Jack be fascinate by Parry 's complete adoration of this mess of a woman . he look to Anne , who try to continue she meal nonchalantly . he notice she bra strap hang out from she sweater . camera cut back and forth between the expose strap and Jack , as Parry continue seranade o.s. Anne realize Jack be stare at she and immediately think something 's wrong . but Jack just smile at she . his hand reach across the table , not to fix she sweater , but to take she hand . Anne be in shock . she slip she hand into he and smile back , she eye almost tear . when Parry finish , he smile . parry would it be all right ... I mean would you mind ... if I walk you home tonight ? lydia nod . from o.s. , Parry 's hand hold a napkin and gently dab a stain of soy sauce on she sleeve . CUT to : ext . video spot - night . anne I tell ya , I be very surprised . she seem to go for he . hmmm ... there 's somebody for everybody , huh ? jack very pleased with himself . jack you know , I can not believe I do it . you think it will work out ? anne who 's know . my aunt marge use to say , " some match be make in heaven , some be make in hell and some be make in hardware store " . jack nothing it 's just ... I begine to understand you . anne ( smile ) well ... I think you should feel very proud . you do a real nice thing for somebody else . I be very proud . jack you be great . thanks alot . he kiss she hard and long . anne pull away to catch she breath . she be surprised , to say the least . anne you welcome . jack tenderly brushes she hair off she face . he kiss she again , anne oh my . CUT to : ext . lydia' STREET - night . parry and lydia walk - noticably more comfortable with each other than before . parry tell I more . I want to know everything . lydia there be not any more to tell . parry do not say that . lydia ( genuine ) no , really .. believe I - there be not any more . this be it . parry well , it 's enough for I . lydia you do not have to say that . parry I never say anything I have to . lydia I mean you do not have to say nice thing to I ... that kind of thing be a little old fashioned for what we be about to do . parry what be we about to do ? lydia well ... you be walk I home . I ... I guess you be sort of ... attract to I and you will want to come upstairs for ... coffee ... parry I do not drink coffee ... lydia ... and then we will probably have a drink and talk and get comfortable with each other and ... and we will ... then you will sleep over and then in the morning ... ( drive herself into a complex ) ... you will be distant and you will not be ... able to stay for breakfast ... you will just have some coffee maybe ... parry I do not drink coffee ... lydia and then we will exchange phone number and you will leave and never call and I will go to work and feel great for the first hour and then slowly turn into a piece of dirt by lunch . why be I put myself through this ? ( to Parry , as she quicken she pace ) it be very nice ... uh meeting you . good night .. she walk quickly away . Parry stop , confuse to say the least , then run after she . lydia be just about to enter the front door of she building when Parry stop she . parry Excuse I ... lydia listen , I be not feel well . parry well , no wonder . we just meet , make love and break up all in the space of thirty second and I can not even remember the first kiss which be the best part . lydia listen , you be very nice ... b... parry so be you , but I think maybe you should shut up now ... ( lydia be surprised ) ... I be not come up to you apartment . that be never my idea . lydia oh ... you mean you do not want to . parry ( deeply sincere ) oh no , I want to . ( sweetly ) I have get a hard - on for you the size of Canada ... but I do not ... want just one night . I have a confession to make ? lydia you be marry . parry no . lydia divorce . parry no , I ... lydia you have a disease . parry will you stop !... ( pause , he look at she ) ... I be in love with you ... lydia be about to speak when Parry put he hand over she mouth . parry ... it 's not just from tonight . I have know you for a long time . I see you come out of work every day . I walk with you to lunch . I know what you order ... I see you buy baby ruth before go back in ... ( slowly remove he hand ) I know how you feel on certain day by whether or not you go into the bookstore ... ( lydia listen with fascination ) ... I know you hate you job and you do not have many friend and you sometimes feel like you be not as ... as wonderful as everybody else and you be a little uncoordinate ( lydia begin to cry ) ... and feel like you be the only one who 's as separate and ... alone as you be ... and I love you . I love you . I think you be the great thing since ... spice rack and I would be knock out several time if I even get just a first kiss . but I will be back in the morning . and I will not be distant . and I will call if you let I ... but I still do not drink coffee . lydia shhh ... she kiss he , tentatively -- almost awkwardly . Parry feel a surge of emotion that make he whole body tremble . lydia separate from he and look into he eye . she pinch he cheek , hard . lydia ( continue ; earnestly ) you be real , be not you ? they kiss again . then lydia quickly pull away ... lydia ( continue ) ... you can call ... she run into the building , afraid to linger and ruin the moment . Parry stand transfix , he eye follow she . lydia pause briefly to look back . she be so excited . she smile and turn toward the elevator ... she skirt spin with she . CUT to : int . lydia' build - elevator - second later she re-enact the entire love scene in she mind , to make sure it go as well as she think . CUT to : ext . lydia' build - night parry be stand freeze ... we do not know whether he 's look ahead of he or in he mind 's eye ... he appear anxious and frighten as he step back , away from lydia 's building ... he sense someone be watch he . Parry smile . but suddenly it be as if everything have go into slow motion . his eye focus on she skirt as it swirl around as she turn ... his expression grow dark : o.s. we hear a horse hoove move in slowly as camera move to closeup . he slowly turn he head and look down the block to the corner to see : the Red knight . he sit upon he horse as if wait for Parry . the street lamp cast a glow around he impose figure . the night air lift he cape up around he massive shoulder . Parry , vulnerable , in love , whisper plainly : parry let I have this . CUT to : the red knight silent , unforgive , unrelent . Parry begin to move away , take a step back and then another and another ... until he be run down toward the opposite corner . the Red knight shift he horse into Parry 's direction and begin to charge . Parry run through desert city street -- run for he life ; the sound of the Red knight galloping grow closer . the Red knight , look like a surreal figure hunt he prey . as Parry run , image / memories begin to flood he mind uncontrollably ; ext . hospital - night a ambulance arrive at a hospital ... he wounded wife be move on a stretcher . CUT back to : ext . lydia' STREET - night Parry run away from the knight . CUT to : int . babbitt be - night Parry and he wife at the side bar . he be make she laugh uncontrollably . he see Edwin in the doorway , make nothing of it . CUT to : ext . STREET - night Parry still run . parry sstttoppp !!! passer - by on the street witness the familiar sight of a bum scream at thin air then turn away . we hear the galloping get louder . Parry run , mumble incoherently . people on the street get out of he way or snicker behind he back . the Red knight gallop toward parry , as he run ; he face wet with tear -- yet contort with angry , incomprehensible reprisal . people on the street pay no attention . CUT to : ext . babbitt be - night a bar with break glass surround by police and spectator . ext . central park - day Parry and he wife waltzing . closeup on they clasped hand as Parry maneuver a ring on she finger . int . babbitt be - night his wife 's lifeless hand lift onto the stretcher . ext . central park - day surprise , Parry 's wife stop dance to look at the ring . Parry smile . it be he proposal ... ext . babbitt be - night ambulance drive away with Parry hold he wife 's hand in the back ... ext . central park - day Dancing , he wife embrace he as she accept . int . tv news station - night Jack 's face on a tv news broadcast with a reporter comment . CUT to : ext . east river promenade - night Parry have run all the way to the promenade along the river . parry come on !... where be you !!! where be you !! ( softer , drop to he knee ) where be you ... CUT to : ext . the end of the promenade - night the two juvenile delinquent , leather and windbreaker , come strutting down the promenade , in slow motion . Parry look toward they , as if surrender . through parry Pov we see the two youth be be lead by the Red knight on he horse . Parry , tear -stain face , rise to meet they . the youth reach Parry and surround he . leather flick open a switchblade . leather ... we be tired of look at you people ... Parry stand before they , surrender to he fate . through he Pov , the Red knight be point a sword at he in front of leather and he switchblade . he slashes at Parry 's chest as we ... CUT to : wide angle of promenade as Parry sink to he knee ... the youth close in around he . CUT to : int . anne's apartment - morning outside the bathroom door , we hear the toilet flush . Anne exit in a imitation silk kimono , feel very much the satisfied woman . she cross into the live room and find Jack , on the phone in mid-conversation , beside he open box of radio tape . she hug he from behind as he talk , still warm from they all night lovemake ... jack ( excited , very " on " ) ... well , ya know , I be feel good , Lou ... I do not know how else to put it ... I ... I have some personal thing to work out and ... and I have and ... ( listen , then : ) yeah ... well , the thing be ... I want to work again ... I want to get back into it ... you think that 's possible ? Anne release she hug -- look surprised , pleased , impressed ... she stand by , wait to ask Jack what 's up ! jack ( to phone ) I understand ... ( obedient ) I be ... I will not ... I will ... ( beam ) great ! thanks a lot , Lou ... Tuesday 's fine . ( listen ) okay ... thanks ... he hang up the phone elate ... Anne can not wait to hear ... anne so what 's go on ? who 's Lou again ? jack ( disappointed she do not remember ) my agent . I call my agent . anne you be kid ! what do he say ? jack he say if I want to get back to work , no problem . he want I to come in and talk and ... and ... that 's it ! anne whoah ! oh , honey , that 's terrific ! she give he a big hug . Jack be first to break away . jack ( organize tape ) I have get to put this tape in some kind of order ... and ... oh , I should get my sport jacket clean ... ( he cross to the closet ) ... there 's coffee if you want ... anne you make coffee ?... you be go back to work and you make coffee ?... I love this ! Jack do not respond as he look through the closet . Anne get she coffee and sit -- watch Jack move about so full of energy and focus ... anne ( continue ) it 's so great to see you like this , honey ... I can not tell you . jack ( look at jacket ) thanks . anne ( she smile and drink ) ya know , I be thinkin ' -- with another income come in , I would love to get a bigger place . Jack stop organize for a beat . anne ( continue ) ... I do not want to rush thing -- you have to get a job first , but I be so sure that 's gonna happen I be not even think about it . Jack bring out he sport jacket , then return to he tape , hope he can avoid have to respond . jack ugh , this tape be a mess . I do not know where to begin ... anne ... I would love to start look at least . you know , maybe a two bedroom or even , maybe the top floor of a house -- like in Brooklyn or staten Island ... Jack look at she , not know what to say . anne ( continue ) ... what ?... you do not want to commute ? jack no , it 's not ... come here ... he turn she around and cuddle she up in he arm , with she back to he . jack ( continue ) you be a incredible woman Anne ... Anne break away suddenly and look at he , sternly . jack ( continue ) what ? anne " I be a incredible woman ? " what be this , a death sentence ? jack no , I ... I think we should talk about this . anne ( aware and suspicious ) you want to talk ? come on , Jack ... do I cross the line by mention the future or what ? jack no ... it 's just ... Anne shift she body to face he directly . jack ( continue ) ... listen , so much have happen and I think it would be a good thing for both of we if we slowed thing down a little . anne slow thing down ? where have I be ? have we be go fast !? jack right now , I be just not sure about ... make such definite plan . pause . Anne stare at he like he 's speak dutch . anne I be lose . what be you say ? Jack sit they both down , take she hand in he , take a breath : jack it 's be a real ... real difficult time for I ... the past year or so ... and now , for the first time , Anne , I feel like I be above water . I feel like I know a lot more than I do , and I do not want to make any mistake so ... I think what I need be some time ... to make the right choice . and ... I think that maybe ... I need to be alone for awhile . Anne be speechless -- for the moment . jack ... I would like to focus on my career - - now than I can , now that everything 's all right ... Parry 's take care of ... and ... like I say , I feel like I know a lot more now and I do not ... anne ( interrupt ) first of all , let I tell you something -- you do not know shit . second of all , as far as we go , what time do you need ? what have we be do here , except time ? have I ever ... ever pressured you !? jack no . anne no . so what time do you need ? I love you -- you love I -- you want to get you career go , great ! I would like to be a part of it -- I think I deserve that ! so what do you need to figure out alone !? Jack do not answer . pause . Anne be afraid she know . anne ( continue ) all right . I be go to ask you one question . ( summoning up all she strength ) do you love I ? pause . jack I do not know . she slap he . anne you can not even give I that ?! what be you gonna do , Jack ?... just gonna organize you life ... ( indicate the box ) ... walk out that door , move in by yourself and what -- drop the news when you find somebody else ? what be you plan to do , Jack ? jack I do not know . I just say all I want be some time . anne ( fight back tear ) bullshit ! if you be go to hurt I , you hurt I now -- not some long ... draw out hurt that take week of my life because you do not have the ball ! jack ( pause , then : ) all right ... I will pack my stuff tonight . Anne slap he again . anne what have you be do here ! huh ! I wanna know ! what have you be do here ?! jack listen ! we both get something out of it , all right ! anne oh yeah ? what do I get ? what do I get I could not have get from somebody with no name any night of the week ? you think you company be such a treat ? you mood , you ... ( sarcastic ) " pain " , you problem ... you think you be entertaining ? jack then what do you want to stay with I for ? anne physically attack he ... anne because I love you !... stupid !... fuckin !... jack block she blow and hold she arm . anne surrender to she tear . he be about to embrace she , when she pull away . anne no .... you do not get to be nice now . I be not gonna play some game with you where we act like friend so you can walk out here feel good about yourself . I be not a liar . if you be gonna leave I then that 's what we call it . the phone ring . jack answer it . jack hello ?... yeah ... my wallet ? what do you mean ?.... ( he face drop ) what ?.... what ? int . hospital ward - night . parry lay in bed - he face bandage , he arm in a cast , he chest tightly rapped . he have be severly beat . jack and anne stand at the foot of the bed in shock . a doctor appear . the doctor be young , dedicated and inexperienced enough to still feel compassion . jack Parry ? doctor he can not hear you . ( jack and anne turn ) hi ... I be Dr. weintraub .... ( shake hand ) I be on duty when they bring he in ... I have be go over he record ... he be bring in once before I understand ... ( read ) ... " catatonic stupor " ... condition render he non-verbal for a period of -... jack yeah so ? the guy 's beat up - he ... he probably have a concussion or something , right ? ( doctor do not reply ) he will snap out of it ? doctor I be afraid not ... then again , I be not sure . the beat 's bad but it 's not the problem ... it seem he 's .. re-experience the catatonia ... so , like before , he could snap out it in a hour or in thirteen month or thirteen year ... .... I do not know . there 's no way to tell . jack but .. how could that happen ? doctor well , it 's not unusual in he case ... sometimes victim of tragedy be subject to the brain 's replay system . the brain never lose anything - it just store it up and wait . a person could actually re-experience the full effect of a tragedy , long after the event take place . be you relative ? ( jack shake he head ) well , it do not matter . we will take care of it . he will have to be send back to the same institution .. ( he check the record ) jack what if I be a relative ? doctor you would have the option to care for he at home but my advice be it would not be the best thing for he . he need hospital care . I just think you could sign the release form , but the city can do that . I would not feel responsible in any way . there 's really nothing you can do . I be sorry . with that , the doctor exit . jack and anne face parry . anne just like a guy . find the woman of he dream then fall into a coma ... poor lydia ... ( she look at jack ) ... some woman just have no luck , huh ? include herself in this remark , and have cry all she could cry , she and jack exchange one final look . she turn and , with all she dignity , walk out of the ward . after a beat : jack Anne .... Anne ... I will call you o.k ...? but anne do not stop or turn - she keep walk . jack stare at parry . camera move in to c.u . - his face harden , a mixture of hurt , rage and resignation . super - six month later . int . radio studio - day camera pan the studio as jack sign off he broadcast : jack well , I be go - ... have a perfect weekend and remember on Monday , we have as we studio guest , Ben Starr - star of the recently defunct hit tv show on the radio - it 's the rise and fall story of one of television brightest star ruin by charge of sodomy in a Atlanta airport mens room . if you often wonder , " what be sodomy exactly ? " , ben'll have that answer and many more for you on Monday 's show ... until then , do not do anything that will break you pattern of be the selfish scum suck race you be . from one of the botched to all of you bungle cat out there , I love ya and right back at cha !. over and out ! he flick he monitor off as a commercial take over . the crew work in silence behind he . he rub he tired face and sit there . camera pause on jack for a moment as he sit in silence . he look neither happy nor say , neither satisfied nor unsatisfy . he look blank ...emotionless ... as if he know something be lack but he have not the strength or interest to find out .... the phone ring - break the silence . jack pick up . jack yeah ... yeah Lou .... ( no excitement , no energy until : ) Lou , I say I want a offer or they can forget it ... well , tell they I be meeting with the cable people about a talk show and ... what ?... Beth 's father set it up ... no , he own it . ... fuck you Lou ... and if the network be ready to make a offer and I see a script , then fine ... otherwise , forget it ... he hang up . beth ( oc ) hi ... jack turn to see he new improve girlfriend , beth - a tall , statuesque redhead in a smart chanel outfit . beth cross to he and they kiss ... when they kiss , all the light in the surround studio booth go out , as the crew head home . jack studio be now surround by blackness ... after the kiss , jack get right to business ... jack hi.. do you talk to you father ? beth ( hide good news ) yeeess ... jack ( slightly annoyed by she coquettish game ) weeellll ! beth well , daddy say ... and this be word for word ... he say ... that he think ... that you be a home run . jack know this must mean a great deal - especially to beth - but he just can not get the steam up .... he smile weakly . jack great . beth really . he think you will be a phenominal success ... and he say the cable people be very excited about the meeting ... I say I always know that and I really think it be like the first time he really respected I ... so thank you for that . jack nod " it be nothing " as he hand move up she body . oh and I call he later to thank he but I really think you should send he a note ... he want to take we out to dinner tonight . the car 's pick we up at seven ... jack nod and watch beth' breast press against she dress . turned on , jack move to she and begin fondle she , as he kiss she neck . beth giggle . beth jaaack ... what be you crazy ? they be people all around we ? jack flip a switch that send he studio into darkness and continue kissing and fondle . beth giggle some more . beth jaack .. I can not do this ... jack begin to ease she to the floor . beth stop he . beth what be this thing you have with the floor ? they lower o.c.... we hear beth continue oc : beth oh it 's cold ... I be cold ... honey ... Jack , can we please do this after dinner .. in bed ?... like normal people ?... I really want you but I will want you more , late . o.k. I promise . CUT to : ext . midtown office build - day . a STREET bum , whose face we can not see , be busy ask people for change . but no one be stop ... a security guard exit the building and start yell at the bum to leave . a cab pull up and out step jack and lou . they start walk toward the building when the bum recognize jack ... bum jack !.... jack !.... jack turn as the bum start for he . simultaneously , the security guard intercept the bum , who jack recognize as the gay bum from Central Park ... gay bum jack !... jack ! it's mee ... remember I ... you know I ! guard get outta here I say !!... lou try to usher jack into the building , but jack stand freeze for a moment , as the guard pull out a club and start poke the gay bum away ... jack do not know what to do ... lou you know that guy !? ( jack do not answer ) . gay bum jack ... jack ... please can I talk to you ? I just.. I need to talk to you , jack ... I ... but the guard keep at he ... jack realize people be watch he and he enter the building with lou as the gay bum scream : gay bum jack.. please.. jaaaaaacckkk !!!! jaacck !... why won't anybody .... what' the matter ... but jack disappear inside . the gay bum be block by the guard . he throw he arm up and start mutter to himself helplessly . CUT to : int . office build - network office - day . a hyperkenetic t.v. exec . be pitching jack , who sit next to lou . t.v. exec . it 's a weekly comedy about the homeless . jack can not believe he fate . he look to a coffee table and see a magazine front page : langdon carmichael buy van gogh' road with cypress for 20 million dollar . camera pan to c.u . ... but it 's not depress in any way . we want to find a happy , upbeat way of bring the issue of homeless to television . there be three wacky homeless character but they be wise ... they be wacky and they be wise ... and the hook be , they love be homeless . they love the freedom ... they love the adventure ... it 's all about the joy of live ... not all the bullshit we have to deal with ... the money , the politics .. the pressure ... and we be gonna call it home free ... lou oooooo ... I get a rush ... suddenly , Jack stand up and bolt out of the room . tv exec what ?... where be he ... Lou , be this another disappear act with this guy or what ? lou ( overlap ) I be sure it 's nothing ... he probably have to go to the bathroom ... I will find out ... CUT to : ext . office build ( 101 park ave . so . ) - day Jack rush out of the building to find the Gay bum , but he 's go . CUT to : int . parry basement - day Jack walk around . he look at the wall of weapon and the mural of the medieval scene . he look through the map , rope plan for the robbery . he find the pinnochio doll still keep guard before the Red knight wall of scribbling . ext . a lot beneath the manhattan bridge - dusk Jack approach the entrance to the lot from the street , carry a open box of assort deli food and coffee ... he stop in the entrance and look at the desert lot . go be the little clique of homeless , once scattered throughout the place . go be the magic and danger that night cast upon the surroundings . all Jack see be garbage and decay . suddenly , siren from a ambulance pull he he attention away . at the same time , the Black and the irishman ( from that same first night with Parry ) , come run out from between the two giant foundation of the bridge and bolt out of the lot . Jack smile in recognition as he move to block they : jack hey ! hey , guy !... remember I ... but the Black and the irishman push he out of the way ... black let I the fuck alone , goddamn it ... irishman ( overlap ) move it , for Christ sake . move ...!!! the irishman shove Jack against the fence and run , with the Black close behind . they disappear underneath the highway as Jack turn and see a ambulance pull up to the sight . paramedics wheel a gurney from the ambulance , past Jack and into the lot between the giant foundation . Jack approach with great trepidation . he move into view just in time to see the paramedics lift the body of the hippy bum onto the stretcher ... jack hey ... hey ... hey wait , I know he ... the paramedics stop ... Jack approach the gurney ... the hippy eye be open and glaze . jack ( continue ) hey ... hey , remember I ... Marvel Comics , right ?... remember Parry ... superbum ? remember you guy save my ass ... paramedic mister , he 's dead . Jack realize the glaze eye be actually dead eye . the paramedics wheel he away ; CUT to : int . oakbrook institute - that night Jack approach the nurse ' station when he spot a familiar face . lydia . we can see a change in she ; the self - consciousness replace by a self assurance , the insecurity replace with a maturity . she wear a handsome tailore suit . Jack hide from she and listen : lydia ( to nurse ) Excuse I but I bring new bed sheet for he last week . they be lime color with little watermelon on they ... nurse oh yes ... I be sorry . they be be clean . the doctor have a little accident with a hypo . lydia all right ... make sure he get they , okay . thank you . Jack watch she exit . int . parry ward - night Jack enter a room line on both side with bed and patient . the various patient -- all man -- be confine to they bed . some be mumble inaudibly to themselves , other be rock back and forth , other just stare off into space . Parry sit in bed -- he eye be dead , he body unresponsive . Jack stand at the foot of he bed . Parry do not respond . jack hi !... it 's Jack ... how be you do ?... you look good ... you do . Parry remain the same . other patient look at Jack as if he 's nut talk to a catatonic person . Jack move closer to he . he pick up he hand and hold it . then shake it . jack ( continue ) ... hey ... you gonna wake up for I ? huh ?... no response . Jack lean closer into he . his tone change : jack ( continue ) ... this be not over be it ?... you think you be go to make I do this , do not you ?... ( sternly ) well , forget it ! no fuck way !... I do not feel responsible for you , or for any of they ! everybody have bad thing happen to they ... I be not God . I do not decide ... people survive . ( beat ) say something !? the other patient stop they mumbling and watch , as if Jack be a interesting tv show ... Jack pace before the bed . jack ( continue ) ... everything 's be go great ! great ! I be ... I be gonna have my own cable talk show , with a incredible equity I might add ... I ... I ... have a ... a incredibly gorgeous fuck girlfriend ... I ... I be live a incredible fuck life !!!... so do not lay there in you comfortable little coma and think I be about to risk all of that because I feel responsible for you ! ( to the other patient ) I be not responsible ! ( to Parry ) and I do not feel guilty ... you have get it easy . ( intensely ) I be out there every day . every day try to figure out what the hell I be do ... why , no matter what I have , it feel like I have nothing ... so do not think I feel sorry for you ! it 's easy be nut ! try be I !... ( beat ) so I will not do this . I do not believe in this . and do not give I that stuff about I be the one ! there be nothing ... nothing special about I ! I control my own destiny -- not some overweight fairy . I say what I be go to do and I be not risk my life to get some fuck cup for some fuck vegetable ... and even if I do do this , I want you to know it would not be because I have to ! it would not be ' cause I feel guilty or curse or .. or ... bad or responsible or anything .... the tear come . jack gently push the hair off of parry be face . jack ( continue ) aw shit ... if I do this ... and I mean , if !... it 's because I want to do this ... for you . that 's all !! for you ! ( he kiss parry be forehead ) do not go anywhere ... huh ? CUT to : ext . carmichael townhouse - middle of the night jack stand on the desert block . he look around at the neighbor house - all the New yorker safely lock away behind they door , intentionally oblivious to what go on around they . jack be hold a rope with a self - make hook . he look up the at building , take a gulp , then throw the rope up . it miss and fall back toward he - scare he to the side and make a awful sound when it land . jack try again . it catch . he tug a bit . he begin to climb up the building . jack thank God I live in a city where nobody look up ... he place a foot on the wall and begin to climb , mumble : jack what the hell be I do ? can not fuckin believe this be my life ! ... ( imitate a whiny Parry ) ... " oh Jack you be the one ... we have to get the grail " I will give ya grail , ya stupid dingbat ! climb up wall in the middle of the goddamn city - in the middle of the goddamn night while that schmuck lay in bed dream about camelot ! I live through this and I will be the King of the idiot ... what a fuck honor ! he pull and step , pull and step ... climb up to a balcony mid-way between the street and the roof . jack climb over , fall into some exterior lighting that line the balcony . a light be jarre loose , fall to the ground make a awful SOUND and lighting a stain glass window . jack raise he eye and see the red knight stand six foot tall , as picture in the design of the stain glass window . he stare until he hear the SOUND of a horse galloping .... he freeze , then cautiously look toward the street - but the street be vacant . the gallop stop . a eerie silence hang in the air . jack oh great . this be great . I be hearing horse now . Parry will be so pleased . ( he pick up the rope and throw it to the roof ) radio personality turn screwball on mission from GOD ... I just hope when they put I away they find I a bed right next to he ! he begin to climb from the balcony to the roof .... suddenly , jack hear siren in the distance and freeze , close he eye . suddenly , three police car come barrel down the street - siren blast , they screech to a halt . a dozen cop hit the street with rifle and spotlight aim at jack . a reporter face a news camera . ( the same reporter from edwin be t.v. news report ) reporter a craze radio personality dangle from the townhouse of billionaire ... anne jump out of a police car and run to the townhouse - she face full of love and concern . anne Jack ! jack open he eye : Pov - the street be empty . the siren be from a ambulance that drive off in the distance . there be no cop , no spotlight ... and no Anne . jack ( quietly ) Anne . a ball of sweat , he take a breath and continue he climb . CUT to : ext . carmichael townhouse - roof - night Jack reach the roof and climb over . he pull the rope up and quickly move to the skylight . he look down into it and see a dark void . he take a breath and pull out some mask tape . he make three big tape loop and apply they to the glass . he then take out a glass cutter and begin to cut a pane . the SOUND , at first , be start . a o.s. voice say : voice you be be too loud . Jack 's heart stop . he look into the darkness of the roof but see nothing . he try to slow down he heart and shake away thought of demon in the dark . he continue cut . when he finish the entire pane , he replace the cutter in he pocket then plaster he arm against the tape . he gently bang the pane and it come loose , stick to the tape . he be impressed . he place the pane on the roof and , fasten one end of the rope to a pipe , lower the other end down . CUT to : int . carmichael townhouse - night Jack ease himself down into a pitch black room . but the rope do not reach the floor . he dangle for a moment , fearful of fall until he realize it be the only way to get down . he take a breath and release , fall to the floor with a thud !... the room be dark . the moon - light barely illuminate the austere , castle - like surroundings . Jack pull out the page from the Architecture today and light a lighter . the " grail " be in the library on the first floor . Jack cautiously make he way out . int . fifth floor hallway of townhouse - night Jack look down the dark hallway . at the far end he can see the top of a staircase . he head towards it until he see something that make he stop dead in he track . slowly , a shadow hold a shotgun emerge up the stair against the back wall ... Jack be paralyze . he close he eye . the shadow reach the top of the landing . it be edwin malnick ... wearing the same expression we see on the tv broadcast -- sad and harmless . Jack 's heart be burst out of he chest . Edwin calmly raise the gun , cock it and fire : the shot blast down the hallway , deafen Jack . but when he open he eye to see if he have be hit , there be no blood , no wound ... and when he look up , no Edwin . he pull himself together and continue : CUT to : int . first floor of townhouse - night Jack enter carmichael 's library carefully . a small lamp be light on a small table beside a large chesterfield chair , which be turn face the fireplace . Jack spot the antique commode and cross to it ... within the commode , sit innocently behind two small glass door , be the " grail " ... Jack gently open the door and take out the goblet . he hold it reverently for a moment , then , notice a inscription , read : to little lannie carmichael for all he hard work ... p.s. 247 christmas pagent 1932 Jack can not help but smile . he take the chalice and turn to leave , when suddenly he notice : the bare foot of a man barely stick out from in front of the chesterfield chair . Jack slowly move around the large back of the chair to the front and see , to he amazement : langston carmichael , wear only he silk pajama bottom , asleep in the chair . on the table beside he be a empty bottle of vodka and a empty bottle of pill . Jack do not know what to do , when it suddenly strike he that carmichael have not move at all . at first , he think it be another hallucination , but then he notice the pill bottle . he take a step toward it , the floor squeaking beneath he but carmichael remain unconscious . he read the bottle : seconal . Jack look at carmichael 's limp body and check he heart . it be very faint . scare , Jack slowly start back out of the room . CUT to : int . first floor hallway - night Jack be panicked . he want to run away . he look to the front entrance and see a alarm system indicate by a tiny beam of light that sit a few inch above the floor . suddenly , Jack feel calm . he have a idea . he know what he be go to do . CUT to : ext . carmichael townhouse - night Jack exit out the front door , set off a slight buzz from the alarm . he check to see that no one be around , then quickly run down the street . CUT to : int . parry ward - night Parry lie asleep in a sea of lime green and watermelon . Jack place the " grail " in Parry 's lifeless hand . he pull up a chair beside the bed and sit . jack okay ... I do my side of the bargain ... you gonna wake up now ? huh ?... ( no response ) want to think about it a little more ...? okay . Jack prop he foot up on Parry 's bed and settles in to sleep . CUT to : int . parry ward - dawn camera close on a newspaper headline be read by a orderly : " accidental suicide thwarted by night prowler ... thief do not know anyone be Home , escape empty handed " ... camera pan past several bed until it arrive at Parry 's . Jack be asleep in a chair beside he . camera on Parry 's hand as they gently come to life and grasp the chalice . Parry open he eye , raise the chalice to he . he see Jack sleep beside he and smile . parry ( whisper ) I have this dream , Jack . Jack remain asleep . parry ( continue ) I be marry . I be marry to this beautiful woman .... and you be there too ... ( pause ) I really miss she , Jack . be that okay ? can I miss she now ? Jack , he eye close , only pretend to be asleep , but in truth he hear every word . a tear roll down he cheek . Parry extend one hand , place it on Jack 's shoulder while cradling the chalice with the other . CUT to : int . oakbrook institute - day lydia make she way down the corridor , push she way through the swinging door into Parry 's ward . she be stop in she track by what she see : Parry have gather all the patient to the center of the room , and be teach they to sing " groovin ' " . Jack be watch . although most be not get it , all be have a good time . when one of the patient turn to look at lydia , Parry turn as well ... his face light up as he say : parry hiya , sweetheart ! where you be !? lydia lose control and begin to cry through she smile . Parry approach and wrap he arm around she . parry ( continue ) do not cry ... hey ... lydia throw she arm around he . parry ( continue ) ... be you my girl ?... be you my girl ...? lydia sob and nod in he shoulder . Parry hold she tighter . CUT to : int . video pop - day . anne sit in she office , a cigarette dangle from she mouth , go over receipt . there be a knock at the door . a beat of silence . anne raise she head to discover jack , hold a bouquet of flower . he smile . anne look shocked , then - pull herself together ... they both be freeze in silence : anne well ! what do you want I to do - applaud ? jack how have you be ? anne ( coldly ) terrific . go on alot of date ... see lot of man ... lot of date .. jack nod . he be uncharacteristically nervous . anne ( sincere , vulnerable ) Jack please ... I be have a bad month . I be not up to this . what be you do here ? he take a breath , look at anne and push the word out of he . jack I love you . for once , anne be speechless . she slowly rise from behind she desk in such a way that jack take a step back in fear . anne up to he . she have no intention of make this easy . anne Excuse I , I do not get all that ... wo not you run it by I again . jack be die . he could hardly say it the first time . jack I think .. ( quickly correct himself ) I ... I realize ... I love you . anne huh-huh .... you son of a bitch ! she haul off and crack he a slap across the face that stun he - he knee give out , lowering he to the floor . she quickly grab he face with she hand and plant a passionate kiss on he lip , that slowly cause he to rise back up . he drop the flower and grab she . she mount he body and begin to undo he suit . they go at it with such passion , they both fall to the floor . anne ( o.c. ) Jesus . what rock hit you in the head ? ext . central park - night . camera pan down parry and jack , lie naked , cloudbusting . parry beautiful night huh ? jack yeah ..... hey they be move .... ( pause ) be I do that ? the end