epesew the jackal rewrite by Kevin jarre screenplay by Chuck ?farrer inspire by the novel the day of the jxckal by Frederick forsyth novesbe : 16 , 1995 fade in : " nightline " broadcast Ted koppel 's voice be hear over a success : footage depict nightmarish scene of you chaos -- body lie in gutter , parking lo bludgeon each other over turf , teenage prostitute huddle around public park ané each despair image all the grimmer for the joyless gray street of the former sov koppel v.o . '' drug , prostitution , extortion , =:rder , even the dread specter of nuclear terror : a veritable tidal wave of be rise from the street of th Soviet Union and crash onto t international scene with such for may already have reach this 's ? now the familiar nightline tag music surge himself appear , incisive and all - business concurrent with he word , more image loom . koppel : good evening . in pautuxent , marylz this afternoon , FBI undéercover pose as right - wing militiamen two - man for alledgedly attempt sell . m weapon - grade plutoni ' first such arrest on U.S. soil . suspect -- both Russian national tchectchen of the so-called tchetch consortium of crime sy though spawn in the breakaway : of tcnetchniva , have spread throug the Russian federation and beyon in-- be repute mer a close on various mugshot of scowling , snee thug : lean , dark , mustachioe man with poc pallid complexion and a kind of natchet - fa sameness of physiognomy suggestive of inbre koppel descend from a sociec . Muslim hill tribesman , 's seethe , century - old armed hostility to Russ : of fierce tchetc tradition ( continued , continued : a ) everything from international extortion to drug ané i profit run into evidence this be no Russian problem , the legal attaché office U.S. and Russian law jointly agree to place this man each nation 's ten mosc #ant Li the screen flash a picture of ek murad as hard and sharp as a knife . koppel terek murad , often caly " '' terek grozni * or " terek the terrible ' be the undisputed head of the * magmu nat * '' company '' , the largesc gang in the tchetchen discuss this new joinc what some expert con most dangerous manife organize crime in hiss oey the FBI , and blexande 3 Russian federation Minister of t Interior . good evening gentleman . today 's arrest in mar. underscore the intern , the foe I supzose my should be : be we safe ? on one casually the familiar split screen , radz tired ; brown on the other , dyna + puffy , confidenc : brown I would say yes , safe within reason , radzinski shift uncomfortably koppel Minister radzinski ? from a folder the sad-face rus photo show the horribly rent fc 2 small child sprawle before image be so awful even the usual : radzinski this be phot Petersburg , wife and chilére . th to death in {continu continued : radzinski ( cont would ) Mayor have spo against magm : this be only x in hundre¢s killing -- world - wide anyone of terek . so you will forgive I , ge if I say no , I be afrai¢ no one be pull in on radzinski as he jaw set , sad eye narrowing : radzinski ( cont 'd ) +.. mot one man , not woman or cc : not one soul on this earth . ext . moscow STREET - night issia : wave I compou : what pass for the suburb in post - sociali : upon wave of cement- color cinder - block ap . sprawle out in a tangle of pot-hol street . no down a adlight , = to panic - e blare of : ade ' huge a big black mercede peel around a corner , wrong - way street . suddenly face the oncom dent little lada ( Russian fiat ) j swerve to the right , the doppler its horn sound like a plea for mercy as the '' black form hurdle by . Inside the mercede nobody even . leok back as barrel oz . oblivious to all , traf light and 3 3 yesterday only the nomenlucura , with such abandon . today dare all with ucter impunity : ext . nightclub - night we hear the bass line of throb into the night as ct : storefront where a desperate thry crowd around the roped - ofi doorw . open the passenger door , and murad alight , a skinny , shambli sasha , both swagger ex - airbor : the key at the doorman as they '' trooper 's , enter across the STREET from a dark doorway a tali scarf observe the commo like keenness . this be Russian federation milit no closer ferocious intelligence a : suggest intensely aquiline featu a handsome woman be it acid scar run down of continued ) . @ gianni versace - clad weasel , skulk over ct continued : and pride have make the possibility of romance unlikel commitment to the cause of justice fill she life , almosc amount to a grand passion .... eye lock on the doorman , valentina nod toward a gray delivery truck park down the block . in the truck as valentina start across the street the driver hit the ignition , nodd back as he pull into trafizic . if he seem typically , resignedly Russian , the man besiée he be emphatically american . Square jaw , fit , resarkably youthful at close to 60 , FBI deputy directo : preston be head of the american legal attac rank U.S. law enforcement officer in rus walkie- talkie from the fold of he windbreaxer . preston op be a go for mvd only , U.S. personnel stay out . say again , no U.S. involvement . int . nightclub - night the club be go full blast , barmen and waitress scurrying about the dance floor , thread evening 's crush . dimitri pull a chair as a make himself at home . the Club 's manager , > they exchange greeting in russian via subt vasilov ghazzi the great ! I expect you and how be terek ? ghazzi ( co dimitri ) ghazzi the great . at 's leasc he know my name . {to vasilov ) find we some company , anatoly . vasilov motion o.s and several Russian and beauty in near identical too-tight black stalk for ghazzi 's table , drape chemselve meanwhile a waitress bring a platter pile '' sandwich . dimitri and sasha P. with smack and sloshing sound while ... ext . club - night to the gray van valentina stride purposefully across the str front of the club while simultanec continued : pull up and stop . the doorman glance up to valentina stand before he , slowly unbutzone she shrugging it off . underneath she with : Officer 's uniform complete with jackboot . the doorman just have of heavily armed mvd ( Interior 74 , gas mask , and full body armor explode the van . the doorman reach for a gun but the muzzle of she marakov pistol hard into tx nose . he sink to he knee with a yelp , ho. with both hand while the trooper and vale the club . meanwhile Preston and 2 '' more U.S. windbreaker and cap spill from the truck Preston kick the pistol away from the dooz be a ssqur > with AK - the back ci tina jab idge of he he nose 2 rush into 7s in '* FBI " roar uD , 's hand .... int . club ~ night into the bar and ghazzi 's flashlight stream , the mvd squad charge while the frighten crowd stampeéé , screa scramble out of the way . the trooper sur table , catch everyone unawares . dimitri j spilling a b-girl from he lap while ghazzi be in he seat . a dozen gun barrel point only smile , turn to sasha and snort : ghazzi Interior Ministry ? what , do not we = they they baksheesh this week ? valentina step forward ; holsterin federation mi sale . you be go in there 's no buy you way out . another smile as he produce a huge wad of De ghaz2i oh , I will bet there be . she stuff the money back into he pocket ané warrant on the table in front of valentina ghazzi murad , I arrest murder of nikolai seman Petersburg . you be adv resist . for the ghazzi examine the warranc then look around incredulous . zoom , {continued } 8 continued : up to now observer , weapon holster but now Presto : ghazzi but you have no witness , how -- Preston and he man have hang on preston they do not need a witness . you cuz yourself on semanhko 's window whi break in and leave vour DNA at scene . ghazzi DNA ? what be this nonsense ? preston that nonsense be accep evidence in any court world -- include Russ i as conc the west now thanks < 3 we . a look from valentina convince ghazzi that iz 's all true . he turn back to Preston : ghazzi and who be you ? ameri preston correct . deputy director Hamilton Preston , FBI . . ghazzii and it be you who be responsible this . . evidence ? preston correct again . ghazzi ( to valentina ) you lie with Americans now ? with stranger ? enemy ? valentina who harm the innocent be my enemy . 4 only enemy . ghazzz the innocent ... ( snort contemptucusly ) woman . ( to Preston ) but you , it 's one thing < < : {continued continued : ghazzi ( cont would ) play the game , it 's we game . who have no business he whore to cheat -- that whore 's filth . you he bloody filth ! zning red . mget a de he ghazzi 's eye go wild , he long , inny neck valentina and the other cop stifien and pre. inkling that this be a breed of criminal experience , man who do not give up even when valentina I say again , you be advise not ts resist . preston I would listen to she if I be you . ghazzi really ? well I be not you , you cunt filth ! I be aman and I would die spice blood before I would let any woman arr I , much less that scar-iace dike ! use to such talk , valentina register nothi sut Preston ... '' preston shut you mouth , you L what happen next happen in split suddenly flip the table ovar and blade from he sock . ghazzi be on he , whipping the ble Preston draw back , the blade slas as he stumble over backward , crac a table 's edge and drop he gun all 3 be carry to the ground , '' : sasha make they move , try to s' mvd soldier and FBI agent all aroun down with they weapon , but : lof he cap ard agains= ves in ané i and der . the , grawing valentina no , I want they alive ! with Preston momentarily scun , les ghazzi alone , try to keep he knife - vr leave while try to reach she gun wit zzi grab she throat with he free hand , try to squ the life out of she . ( continued ) @ 10 continued : 8 now ghazzi bring all he weight to bear on vv ntina , crush she larynx . near unconsciousness , the policewoman just . manage to free she pistol , mming the muzzle up under the gangster 's chin , and fire , send a bullet through the top of he head . patron shriek as the gunshot reverberate through the club . ily as he ghazzi 's grip loosen , eye flutter ivolunt sh the body die . gasp for air , valentina manage to away and the now revive Preston haul she to ner feat as sasha and dimitri be finally subdued with a faw last butc - stroke and handcuff together while the pool of black blood under ghazzi 's head spread across the floor .... ext . nightclub - later 9 Blue light swirl . uniform mvd officer k back a crowd of che curious . almost compose , valentina 's on the cur in front of the club . Preston appear beside ner with a flask of brandy . she take it gratefully and érink . after 42 beat : preston look , I be pretty certain you save life in there and I want you to know appreciate it . do the same for you someday . valentina let 's hope you never have to . preston speak of which , Major , I know = only here to give advice when ask I gotta tell you , I be coo old and veou're too important for this kind of excitement . I say we let the young , and underling make the arrest nexz czime . valentina next time ... Preston nod and walk away . valetina take e-other sip of brandy , she hand tremble noticeably . EST . shot - helsinki , finland 10 the finnish capitol , neat , clean , sparkling in the sun of 4 scandinavian spring .... il int . restaurant - day a small crowd of tourist drink clean , well - light finnish rescauran : . at a long banquet table ac the far end of t at the head sit ghazzi 's brother , terex mu terrible ' -- outwardly pleasant , w. charm , but with - the dead , lustre kill . 2 of he Russian bodygua + kolya on either side . around the table , tchechens attention while at terek 's right , vasilov for typicaliv of earthy cna who have n rapt vasilov I be detain overnighz , beat , release . I come as soon as I co terek , I be sorry . there be nothin : be do . terek nod , think , then almost 2s a aft terik how many militia be k vasilov it nappen so fast , they just bur . and kill he : before -- terix yes , yes , but how many é:d you kiil : vasiloy well ... none actually . terix none . not even one ? vasilov well I do what i- - terix you what ? you let that there american master without killing even '' hid behind the skirt of what you did ! rehead spread staura : terek be halfway out of he chair , vein in fh bulg . stun by he outburst , 2 cense si across the banquet table and thro 's the ent badly shake , vasilov start sputt no : '' continue : 11 11 continued : . 11 vastilov terek , we do not have a chance , 2 be thirty of they , dius the a before he can utter another syl le terek hatchet from behind he back and bring it vasilov 's head with a appall * crunch " and again , drive he into he plate , blo everywhere midst break glass and scatte : of unutterable horror ripple through the the tourist literally paralyze with frig : even to run . meanwhile , terek scand , hace . splatter with blood , look lixe some w. version of a ancient tatar war chieftain . at he lieutenant then toss table . meanwhile vasilov 's twitch slide out of the chair to the floor . terex I love this man . he be my frie . dear friend and partner . I love like a brother . so think , all of I do this to one I love , what wi to that I hate ? terek sit back down and pick act then push he it away with he softly , like Satan preaching to so the american FBI de and like they do the mafia int country , they will try to hunt we all of we . like they éid my broc very well . they have atzack , with respond . spread the word in Russ 5,000 doltar for each dead mvd 's 50,000 dollar for the scar- face that kill my brother , and 100,0 the chief FBI officer Moscow ... pull in on terek as he eye voice drop to terex but this be only part of it . director Brown make I Public = number one ? so be it . will personally what I do to my enemie America must learn that its acti consequence . '' 12 int . HOTEL suite - day 12 she chair , a plush luxury hotel suite . a man sit in a aville row lean , suntan , impeccably dress in a bla suit . he have no name -- only a reputation a outwardly agressive something in he subtly sardonic manner suggest a palpabe evil . a politovsky , be near the door , guard the 's untouched drink in front of he , the man wat documentary on cable show a African hye terrify little wobbly - legge zebra colt , torment of the weaker creature ghastly an¢é English - accented narrator explain : a nature protract . a : narrator '' unlike other , less cun predator the hyena take no chance , never attack unless sure of a kill . a consummate killer , he be clearly = gentleman . " = of a smile tow . the es it on . the man in Black allow himself the merest hi ds terek enter , breathless , alexei and kol . man lower the tv 's volume with a remote but terex . I apologize for keep vou waiti have other business to dispose of . pertsovka . : the armed man pour terek a pepper vodka and n2ng it to hic . man . if we could get to the coinc . terek toss back he drink and set himseli , terex the mvd kill my brother . I will that they dro blood voit but they ally in the United States -- = want to send a message ... terek lean forward in he chair , fairly tre g with blood - lust : terex +..a very public messagé , one to sz fear into the marrow of they bone . the man uncoil in he x , lean forward , nis movement fluid , arrestingly concise . continued ) 12 continued : 12 and the target ? terek show he a photograph . the man loo qo expression remain blank . terex put it terek if we choose to employ someone yourself on this , a professionai man you have to hire someone like I Russian national coulé even get the FBI , mvd , interpol -- they 'r over you . besides , you be messy , obvious , and emotional . terik register a moment of surprise but terek can you do it ? man do it be not the problem , the problem 's get away afterward professional , that 's a big consi ' terek but you could kill this person ? man certainly . terek will you do it ? man depend . if I take this job I will be able to work again . i will have disappear . forever . you be go to pay . terek how much ? man twenty million dollar . half on completion . terek think it over then give a '' > g S 12 continued : 12 terek why not ? done . man how many people know about this ? terex we three . and kirilenko in St. Petersburg . man get he out of Russia . tonight . den* : refer to we arrangeman : by fax or the phone . ever. find @ place out Russia to disappear . get some bod ! and hole up till the jo of this operation leak it will be =. choice whether or not co continue . either way I keep the initial paym all right ? terek pause to mull this over a pull a mont blanc from he coat something on a sheaf of paper , hen : : man . this be the number of London . the Bank be C once you have transfer move , provide rush by anyone . this pick the time and the get the detail . all a number in the U.S. with update on any change measure . telex the nur money . I hear from you = the deal 's off . I will not contact you again . need from 2 I cang security the man rise , make for the door . terek haz he account number to alexei then call out to the man . terex one thing . what name w. you use ? the man in Black glance at the st -- the finish with he kill , the hyena be feastinc i man what name do you use to contact ms ? continued } 12 13 continued : ' : 12 terex ( shrug ) well ... man that 's the only name you will ever know I by . S he . done. 's to himse the man nod and exit , close the door behi terek stare at the door for a moment then m terek the jackal ... int . conference room 13 a brass plate in English and Russian : office of the legal attache , embassy of the UNITED states of ame : a mcmurphy and rounding loscow area , Preston , valentina , and two other FBI Agents witherspoon , sit around a long conference t@ out the meeting be the head of the mvd for to major general belinko and he aide , colonel malentina informant tell we terek 's put bow on all mvd and FSI personnel . depu director Preston . and I have special bounty on we life . in two week seven mvd operative have be kil preston at least we know we be gatcing to valentina informant say this be just to starz terek 's plan something more dra she stand and pass out a stack of photo of 2 small hotel in a picturesque finnish village . valentina eight day ago a arkady kirilenko St. Petersburg meet terek and he two schlemstaad , sixty kil Helsinki . they have be nere ever 's the imace camera pan pensione . valentina walk over to a vcr , insert a t be grainy , jostle , but still legible . first up , scan the upper floor of a neat vill ( continued ) 13 14 15 continued : . 13 valentina they have take the entire third fic themselves and they former spetsnaz -- n one 's leave the building in five ds loor a or . more shot of the building : upper Preston stare a hole in the monic limping man exit the building . 7. man who stand in terek 's meeting ~ valentina they only contact with the out this man , viktor politovsky : leave illegally in 1975 , french nation : legionnaire , go to the schlem Post Office twice a day for terek which arrive general delivery . preston oturn to witherssoon ) - contact interpol and the french a get everything you can on a legic name politovsky . W iy the tane go to static . the General stand . general be ! so it appear terek ha . suggest : we find 's out wh. brief the Minister . Preston . belinko , valentina , and golov stride out . th exchange uneasy glance . preston rt ' get a feel . ext . sky - day 14 a lufthansa 747 screech out of a blue sky make a perfect two point landing .... int . airport VIP lounge - day 15 well -heeled traveler come and go . the man the jackal sit at a corner table read a at a adjacent table , a beard &> bluff , red -face , he have ' sail batter Halliburton case . the from he table and stagger for it ' continux '' be 16 17 18 continued : airport announcer '' sas announce immediate depar Flight 569 non-stop service to io heathrow ... " 2 of ndon the yachtsman 's attention be all on the snack table . deat move , the jackal rise , lean over , open the mar briefcase , remove he wallet and passport and stufi they into the newspaper before walk ouc . nobody see thing ... establishing shot - london ext . soho - day the jackal walk down a soho back street and push through a squeaky doorway . 20 somewhere in the building as the jackal cli stair and knock on a door . a dreadlock xs a fligh : amaican of jackal good afternoon . int . artist loft - day a unmade mattress lie in a corner , pain brick . a complex color press and several be scattered about a mostly empty loft / 's sip tea at the kitchen table . spread of ' the airport . as - the jamaican look on , it a Ontario driver 's license . the name of : Charles c. murdock -- the picture be the '' jackal very nice . jamaican the new lamination , mon tricky part . gotta use nasty stuff , mon , give you 1 cancer . I use a disk drive to magnetic strip . the the jackal angle the license ' in and out hologram shine beautifully . the jackal murdock 's wallet . each of several photo National id card , a yacht club m have be similarly alter . . jackal perfect . what do I owe you ? 15 18 18 19 20 continued : 18 the jamaican open a small recipe box on the pluck out a index card . jamaican look . like the balance be 375 por the jackal produce a stack of t exchange it for the jamaican 's and stick it in he pocket . jackal here 's five hundred . thanks . dredlocks hey , thank you , mon . ext . london office , child & company bank . 19 a street in kensington , across tc . a cab , head for the discreet livery doorman bow graciously ... get out of bank where with ent . bank president's office - day 20 the jackal enter a opulenly apsoint off wainscote . behind a beautiful french part : bank president , clive woolburton , stand a the man without a name be one of he best c wool3burton we have be expect yveo : . we rece : the wire draft you discuss . wwoolburton open a file and hand over a dex jackal examine it , satisfied . jackal Exchange five million transfer it to my annu Three and a half tran : Split the deposit equa account in Panama and wool3urton very good , sir . and ths remainir ponit five million ? jackal keep it in dollar . i'12 account in luxembourg . credit card -- use a > ; t I will send you the name mail next week . {continu 20 continued : 20 woolburton I will overnight the card to you = montreal . ( hand he ano this also come with tr it 's a single sheet of telex paper . on i 's a phone number , ( 212 ) 555 -3452 , and the name slas woolburton take he folder and start for the door . jackal May I use you computer ? woolburton of course . everything 's ready for of - the-art es the roon . 's himseli tc chair . he a ashtray woolburton open the desk -- inside be a st macintosh 840 AV . woolburton turn it on and the jackal open a humidor on the desk and a $ 40.00 Havana cigar , drop into a leat light the cigar and burn the phone number then swivel to face the computer . jackal address s-y-n-w-e-a-p Colin . at. T two . November . Zebra . the screen blink and scroll the speak Inc the jackal be Net surfing . jackal text . backslash , reference client zero eight zulu . inquire availabi triple -a equipment . s$ across there be a pause , then the answer silently 's the screen . the effect be eerie . computer sc ( type ) good afternoon . how may we help you ? the jackal exhales smoke . as he sseak , he uerd appear cx the macintosh screen as type . jackal I be interested in a in system . High cyclic rarr the answer appear silentiy on the screen . < I :ns like meeting the Devil in cyberspace . ( continued ) 20 continued : computer scre=} man portable ? jackal compact . a vehicle- mount unit . computer scre=\ what caliber ? jackal not smaller than 7.62 . computer scre : available . 7.62 mm m134 gun . lectric G : jackal I prefer non- U.S. equipment . as barrel systen . computer scre available : yugoslav 2 cyclic rate 800 round 1 19/55 canin . ' 2 minute . jackal too heavy . . computer scre ! available : polish zsu-33 electric 14.5 mm . cyclic : rate 1463 round p= minute . jackal interested . Range and : question mark . zzle veloc computer scr effective combat range 3500 meter . muzzle velocity 1700 meter / SEC . jackal I will take it . I will not ammunition . armor-pie : computer scr . cost will be ( pause ) 200,000 dollar U.S. jackal transfer of fund in tt half now , half on deli address : letterham sh ( more ) ' continued ) 20 20 continued : : 20 jackal ( cont would ) Quebec , Canada , g1h 876 . client murdock , Charly C . jackal list the item as a carbon sailing mast . the cursor blink . the computer type out computer screen delivery date may 23 . the jackal turn off the machine as woolburton enter . woolburton you transfer have be make . the credit card will be issue as soon as you can provide the name . jackal you will hear from I next week . the jackal stand and stub out he cigar . jackal thanks for the cigar . woolburton bow formally . the jackal let self we . ext . red square ~ night 21 eat piroshki wrap in greasy newspaper , Preston and che CIA Station Chief , lawson , stroll beneatt tower spire of St. basil 's Cathedral . lawson I have 'a request from the Russian get someone out of Finland . I though something to do with you . should «= help ? preston I do not say this . but yeah . lawson how important be this ? lawson stop . Preston 's eye drill he . '' son shrug . 21 22 continued : a 1 lawson okay , then we do not have this conversation . lawson toss he paper into a trash can with 2 nod and disappear into the nighttime shadow . ext . schlemstaad , finland - day 22 a or a car tc ce where a carry a briefcase , Victor politovsky limp cobblestone street , briefcase in hand , waiti pass before crossing the street to the Post c blue finnish postal truck be park out fronz . 2 men in jeans and sport shirt unload mail 's onto the sidewalk . politovsky walk past , go to th to avoié the sack . as he pass the rear of the postal a ... the 2nd man pull a wide - barrel , stubby~locx : riot gun and fire . with a dull , pop rep size rubber bullet be drive point blank int : chest , blast he back six foot . briefcase land near the mail truck where he 's pick inside . the 1st man pluck politovsky 's brie cobblestone , toss it inside the truck , juz it . the 2nd man pick up the rubber bullet , slaming shut the door , and the van drive of int . moscow airport - night 23 stand next to a Russian ambulance , valent : witherspoon , and mcmurphy watch as the ramp jetliner hiss open and the rear stair edg crewmen carry a stretcher down the ramp . po strapped to the gurney , bound and gag . as wheel the gurney toward valentina , she place = xe fold warrant into the sheet . Preston , aeroflot m slowly . valentina viktor politovsky , you be under a for unlawful exit and association criminal elemenc : the gurney be push into the ambulance . Doors 213m and the ambulance roar off . valentina look glum . . preston what 's wrong ? val - do you know wt lubyanka prison that mean he with ( more ) ina be they be take h special branch cu m't be qsestion , continued ) 23 24 continued : 23 valentina ( cont would ) be interrogate . I be ze we nesi what he know , but ... she shake she head , walk off with a si shrug at Preston , mystify : wither poon we get he , do not we ? what the > do she want ? preston to do what 's right , not what 's exz int . conference room - > embassy 24 rican a video screen show the interior of a op politovsky be strapped to the table , he I up in surgical garb . above a iv urip sod he arm . non-medical - look electrode be head . Preston , witherspoon , and mcmurphy with valentina sip coffee and read from a tra belinko sit impassively smoking 4 cigaret monitor , one of the masked figure ask qu tape , politovsky groggily answer . valent translate for politovsky and he interoga the scre ipt . gene on the on . on the ernately valentina '' why be terik in finl ? tell we . ' on the monitor , the interrogator scream ear . the. electrode on politovsky convulse , gasp , recover . vale valentina '' Security . must stay safe until ...fab. " ( for interrogator ) '' what job ? what be '' ( for politovsky ) '' example . the Americans .* ( for interrogator ) '' what example ? what be they plan ( for politovsky ) '' kill . example . jackal . jackal . " from the monitor there be a proloz heart monitor go . to flat-line . interrogator aside and slap def politovsky 's chest , shocking he hit the remote and the screen g spoon . Jesus . 24 25 continued : 24 general bel : drug-assisted interrogation be legal in matter of state securi unfortunately , Mr. pol undiagnose heart cond preston he say ' jackal ' ? general belinxo this mean something to you , Mr. ? on ? preston there 's supposedly a killer for hi use that name . several assassinat be credit to he but we have nev be able to prove he even exist . who belinko take a drag then let it out slowly . =s exist . belinko turn to valentina and nod . valentina from time to time he be xgb asset . preston do you have a name ? valentina no name . payment be make to the contracting organization or a Hong } bank account . no kgb officer have '' see he but it be be possibly american or canadian . if jackal be North american then what terek 's plan , the U.S. be a li venue . moreover ... ( take a breath ) letter find in politovsky 's brie ? contain biographical material on Donald Brown , director of t Bureau of investigation . witherspoon good God , you mean they be go a the head of the FBI ? they must be preston think so ? or do vou hope so . int . custom desk , montreal airport - day 25 the jackal appoach a canadian cu . a american passport . the custom < picture be the jackal 's -- the nam sconting . 25 27 28 29 ext , canadian supermarket 's parking lot - D. continued : custom officer purpose of you visit to Canada ? jackal fishing . the custom Officer look over the desk . there 's a fishing case next to the jackal 's luggage . he stamp 2 into the jackal 's passport and : custom officer enjoy you stay , Mr. hayslio . int . car dealership - day canadian and Quebec flag fly over a use '' the showroom window a brand new blue mis . a desk in the showroom , the jackal sign salesman let I run this through the manz murdock . just take a second . the jackal hand over a platinum credit cari and a onzario driver 's license , both in the name of mur . jackal Charlie . no hurry . the jackal sit behind the wheel of he bize minivan read a newspaper . a couple of space do young mother pull up in another minivan . as she get she twin infant out of the can stroller , and trudge into the supermarke the door and walk to the rear bumper of '' van . he quickly start to unscrew she lic : int . rented garage - night the jackal 's van be park , window maskeé 'i newspaper , paint white . stripped to the remove a respirator mask and put away a a bench and pick up a stopwatch . he st pick up a garden hose with a high - pressu spray the side of the car . the special '' come off easily . he smile and continue int . HOTEL room - night a american sitcom play on the tv . the L same but the actor converse in awkwardly ( cont 24 . 25 26 27 28 29 29 continued : : 29 french . the jackal sit on the bed , road map , sook , and reference material scattered all around he . next to the nightstand be a pile of recent purchase : sm tv set , a CO video camera , a 1000 mm photo lens , and a remcz control ) unit , the kind use to direct model airplane . tne jackal write on the pad in he 1 , '' where " , , place a checkmark beside " how " , 30 establishing shot - capitcl mall , WASHINGTON , =.c. 30 31 int . conference room , FBI office - day 31 brieze as he d Preston , valentina , witherspoon , and mcmurphy the director , Donald Brown who look much the on '' nightline " .. brown I want this op close - hold , no publi put a work group together : State , CIA , secret service , and Russian embassy . you will have daily progress report , 9 pm every evening , this of ( turn to valentina ) Major koslova ? valentina since 1983 , kgb provide funding fer five direct-action mission . one b and four assassination by gunshot . jackal be the operative . the director frown over 2 file , seccing ic dc brown not give I much to work with , preston we do not have much , sir . Major Kos informer can not finger , they do not who he be . CIA can not track he , th do not know who to tail . INS can not 's he at the airport , they do not know '' name or papers he will be travel uni rown then what ? valentina use kgb file , I have i operative we believe to see he . four be dead , one be in the United States . a basco . ( more ) '' continued ) qa 31 32 continued : 31 valentina ( cont would ) name isabella celia Zancona , part of the eta action group be for blow up Admiral cierro Madrid . jackal perform the actz operation so it 's pos sort of contact with least know what he loo . problem be we have no whereabouts . however say that in the 80' with one declan Joseph mulqueen , irisn Republican Army commando 's while he be in Spain on a missi preston mulqueen be one of th operator , so heavy in shot up a sas sabre herself turn the hea : on he . here to the U.S. , then i two twenty - five year weapon trafficking which he 's pr serve out at walpole State pri brown tne point be ? preston mulqueen may know how to get to = zancona . but if he do we be go to give he something . brown I will talk to justice . too much . afcer all , valentina watch Brown drum he finger of sympathy in she eyes~ - only she can see professional cool he 's very worried , Brown brown what ? she shake she head , averting she eye . she blow he cover . ext . exercise yard , walpole state prison - D2 % 32 cradle a m - 16 , a prison guard stroll ate 2 hig : wall while in the yard below bad S swag the usual cacophony of basketball game a 33 34 35 int . solitary confinement block 33 solitary , the hole , where it 's never day or nighc .... int . cell 34 er-tip 3 declan ( pronounce deck -lin ) mulcjeen do 's sole he splashes he face in the smal in he movement , he be very att eye and ready smile suggest = a enigma : though mile from the dignity and intelligence , whet kind of warfare imaginable have rm theirs we can only discover as with o.s. and the peepnole in the cel guard visitor , mulqueen . int . warden' office - day 35 . Preston , valentina , and witherspe table from declan . the irishman 1 over through hood eye tnat tak vvalentina 's scar -- but register pr with a sing -song , velvet - over - iren you want with preston she 's enter the coun : declan Heard you FBI lad + but sendin ' deputy chase down illegal muddle worse than Preston . who be you be weigh it for a moment , Preston decide preston a man . a pro . call he . declan oh . the mystery man . ( contint=d ) 35 continued : 35 preston we think she might have see he . be able help we find he . if so : o : arrange a pardon for she sign President of the United States a guarantee of no extradition . we guarantee that the Spanish gover never know she whereabouts . declan they do not know now , do they ? neither do you . best keep it that Preston sigh , exchange glance with the oz ? lean forward , she Russian accenc and natural declan by surprise . valentina would it matter that you might be save a human life ? declan and whose might that ba ? valentina Mr. Donald Brown , director of the declan oh , that would be droll . witherspoon jump in , full of take - charge with witherspoon all right , let 's cut the bull -- cocrerate and we will get you tran minimum security prison we know there have alre attempt on you life h : glancing at declan 's file , valentina jot '' Preston read : '' and three inmate dead .* > declan that be all a misunderstanding . i> drug . nothin ' to do with I . wither poon be that as it may , bottom line be gang in this prison want you 4 we deal 's you only ch leave this place in one ( exaggerated enunc suggest you from-ear - clean - wax listen - up ! 35 continued : 35 declan well ... since it will be ac least 32 before I can even think about leav . oc this place , whether or not I do i one piece be a matter of supreme indifference to I . so , prick -- ( exaggerated enunciation ) suggest you up -stick - deal - arse and isok - off . ar ( turn to valentina ) sorry for the language . be in prison . a pause while Preston and valentina glare at witherssoon . Nice go . then Preston exhales wearily and : preston allright , what would you take to heip we ? declan first I would have to be convinced isa would be keep safe . then you would have let I go -- not just out of here , back to ireland . a free man . preston well that 's just flat impossi 1 declan no it 's not . get I a pardon . preston out of the question . read you own it 's not just the gun-run conviction , you be officially a m with 17 confirm kill of briti military and police personel . declan read further and you will see that if i'd be willing to kill just one America : policeman I would not be here . valentina I do not see the distinction . you szill take the life of 17 human being . declan the distiction 's that I kill dur war . now that war 's over and I want go home . I just want to go home . iy 35 36 continued : . 35 preston well it 's not gonna happen . declan just the chance then . you best to get I freed . just you word on I will settle for that . preston I be sorry . they all get up and start to leave . declan dacide to > he trump card , call after they : declan so the jackal 's after you directo he ? well tell the director to gat affair in order . nobody can save from that lad , not you , not isabe nobody . nobody that be ... except they stop . pull in on declan until he face declan oh , I have meet he you know . they exchange look , jaw drop . declan declan do not I mention it ? in the safe h outside Gibraltar . spend some it the fella , get to know he pretty '' well enough to know that for all v man and money and computer you 'l find he . never . you can not . . but I os valentina you can ? how ? declan I know he , I know how he think . because I think the same way . two of 4 kind , he and I , God help I . gat I to of here and I will prove it . int . airport - night 36 this improbably throw - together group of hun the gate and stop . Preston take a set of witherspoon , point to declan 's shackle . nconti 36 continued : : preston you be officially release into custody but unofficial custody which mean yor '' honor , so if we need that , say so 7 ( on declan 's silence ) well ? declan reluctantly shake he head . Preston rex cuff . the FBI man go to ticket counter . va and start read a dog-eare Russian pao sit down next to she . after a moment she sué aware that he 's stare at she . valentina what ? tle gestu seamless her hand instinctively go to she scar , @ but declan instantly pick up on it , cove declan sorry to stare but ... woman , be not you ? ( on she reaction ) like I say . be in prison . 1 , you : she blusn and we sense that , however un of maving a male react to she as a@ male unpleasant . curious , he take the paperba declan so what 's the book th valentina ( embarrassed ) please ... he thumb through it . though it 's i the romantic - era woman in man 's cress on t declan ah , it 's George Sand ! do you ? valentina very much . you know she work ? declan oh , marvelous st . all about ... suddenly self - concious , he smile sentence with gesture suggest 36 37 ext . suburban house , pheobus , virginia - 37 a work - class , bayshore suburb , the house of watermen and factory worker jumble together in this bay - front neighborhood . a white chevy cap " government " write all over it coast to stop . in valentina drive , declan next to she , witherspoon and Preston in back , poring over file . she slow , turn to declan who look at the small house they be i ' child 's toy scattered across a other lawn . he shift uneasily . sedan w. nervous ? 's declan well , eight year . atime , be no : ict ? valentina the two of you be ... valentina point to the volume of George Sand in she bag . declan 's look say , '' yes , madly .* valentina nod : . valentina taen see you will please she . * decla think so ? valentina I be positive . declan I do not know , jay-sus ... valentina you be nervous , be not you ? he sigh as she pull up and stop . get for the front door . the FBI man start to of valentina stop they and follow he hersel file and papers . declan look at the mailb ' decker ' . hesitant , he ring the doorbell . we hear a dog barking , then footstep and a '' arm full of it say ide the t man' voice get down , muffin ! the door open . a husky man , GEORGE decker , 2 , answer : 37 continued : declan uh , Mr. decker , be it ? decker yes. declan my name 's declan mulauéen , this koslova . we would like to speak to 0.s. voice ( accented ) who be it , George ? decker for you , izz . isabella step into view , a 2 year - old g intense Spanish beauty with smok . raven 's wing . on see declan 's they fairly dive into each other other , as if for dear life . valen look . there 's clearly so much be have the grace to understand : 3 3 GEORGE T will take the child oue back . tear in she eye , she nod she 2 little girl and head toward the tack yar she head back for a good look at reclan 's isabella my beautiful irish . but have they do to that eve ? declan well , it 's the year , you be the same , still with a single glance . a deal with Satan for isabella ( laugh to valent this irish . as if I can mirror . valentina eye only react minute isabella be mortify . declan juz declan they let I out to ask : or {continzed ) } 37 o 37 38 39 continued : 37 isabella ask I what ? valentina first you should know there be document guarantee you safet : who set valentina hand a sheaf of papers to isabe on a table without so much as a clance , isabella the only guarantee I rno front of I . ext . STREET - day 38 Preston and witherspoon be in the car , watenir house , witherspoon fill out a report on witherspoon I think mulqueen 's go : soon as he get the c preston maybe . I do not know . #. witherspoon maybe we can use the gi as insurance . preston listen , however he straight . isabella remain classified . ( point to he c that mean nothing in name , no location , no int . house - day 39 valentina , declan , and isabella siz appoint live room . while isabe declan stare at she in a sweet az isabella I never know he name definitely american . special military trai learn Spanish . in El think . I do not like to be all dangerous pe different . declan be for he have a cause . this mar feel , nothing . 39 continued : . 39 valentina it would be best if you keep the + for we visit a secret . from ever isabella do not worry about George . he do not know anything about my past and h do not want to . all he need to & be ... I love he . isabella smile apologetically at declan . T he show little , valentina can tell he 's cving inside . 2 stand : valentina thank you , Mrs. decker . you have be very helpful . ( to declan ) I will wait for you out the two woman shake hand and vaisnctina lea tsabella watch valentina go to the car rough the + ow then g to a music box on the mantle . fron a hide '' she produce a small key and hand it to he , with isabella this open a locker at > Terminal . Inside be a ten thousand dollar c leave it - with I in case up . take it and go . bacx.to irelan : . declan can not just yet . isabella what , you give you word ? go now . know once he kill who he 's a they will send you back ts prison . declan when I believe chat , time to go . once more they embrace , gently declan ah I ... be you happy a : least ? isabella yes , in a way . I love my husband . in my way , lie and tell you there when I ... need thing . ( continued ) 39 continued : 39 declan yes , I know that night . isabella C ) then I need so badly , thing he know he can not give I . but he love I not to try and I bless he for ct : declan so do i. isabella but declan , some night I can cicse my eye and sleep and no dead face come to wake I -- and that 's more than I have . you would not have I give that up , would you ? even though you know I would ? declan give I some credit , will you . they finally kiss , fully and passionately , both know . wrong , but take it anyway -- it have to lass they a very time . declan step back and with a silence wave , he leav : 40 ext . interstate 64 - virginia . : 40 the beautiful stretch of highway head the sedan pass in traffic , valentina at 4 . int . valentina's car - day 41 eclan stare out speak low : tne fed in back concentrate on paperwork . the window , lose in sad think . valentina valentina what 's wrong . declan nothin ' , it 's just seein ' the k that house and , you know , the hus valentina ( pause ) she 's basque , be not she ? they s. basque live by the vendetta - - hate someone , it 's to the death . the same way when they love . declan - thanks ... valya , be it ? ( cont : 41 continued : she nod , 41 keep she eye on the road . he declan well , valya . how come you know so = about ... valentina I know . declan ( laugh ) you and George Sand . valentina ( bristle ) you think I do not because I have on about it ? I do know . and better tt many who -- declan please , I do not mean ic like thac laugh ' cause I remember you valentina ( pause , sigh ) I be sorry ... I act like a fool soz she be absolutely mortify at herself . after = beat : declan how would it happen ? itina what ? oh ... ( touch she scar ) a accident . I be a child declan and because of that you have never ... valentina in spite of good intention , I have = that few can actually deal with ic . declan oh , I do not know ... valen 's not if it mean forever . declan well even if that be true , do ' forever ' have to be a condition ? {con 41 42 continued : 41 valentina if not forever it 's just a imicacion . declan still , if you do not take a chance , vou may wind up with nothin ' : valentina if I can not have it all I will gladly take nothing . he have no answer for that . they drive on in silence . then : valentina by the way , whatever isabella give you after I leave , =I trust you will not use it until after we business be concl declan do not miss a thing , do you ? she look straight into he eye , shaking she head : valentina no . I see everything . he nod sadly , but he respect be fast approach awe ... int . ottawa tool and die company - night 42 street , a nondescript machine shop on an-industrial jackal 's minivan park out front . the place milling equipment , lathes , and molding mach light burn in the office where the jackal b> of plan , go over they with a owlish , s¢ machinist , lamont , who peer over nis shoulder . S over as jackal ... with a sub-assembly make of it and as light as the sc ses will the carriage must traverse through 270 degree , drive and feed mechanism power by two 10 amp system 's get to run of lamont ok , yeah . car battery . csol . how muc weight be the arm gonna have to 's jackal fifty -five kilogram . with 42 continued : . 42 lamont that 's a big fucker . Lamont whistle . the jackal frown . Lamont walx to a greass - smear refrigerator and open a molson . lamont want a beer ? jackal ( decline ) I will need the unit in eight day . lamont ( guzzle ) I can do that . jackal how much ? lamont the titanium 's gonna be a problem . a list material up here , take al cime . and a little more money ... jackal how much ? _ lamont fifty grand . ( on he silence ) well , forty . jackal half now , half on delivery . lamont ( look at plan 's again ) this sucker 's definitely gonna kick some ass ... the jackal bristle , he face become a death 's head : jackal get something straight . when you be finish , you hand over the plan a any scrap material you have leave a forget both the name murdock and t technical specs on this project . ge lamont yeah . shit man , I be cool . relax . ki = 43 44 int . FBI command CENTER 43 declan stand look over a highway Preston be at a desk nearby , poring over enter , breathless , hardly able to contain witherspoon get he ! Charles H. calthrop . detr Michigan . ex -~ grean beret , age 39 , martial 8 - 6 - '92 . Michigan dmv claim 2 lose driver 's license last 6 month . ran he through n. Driver 's Register -- Illinois and issue duplicate license last with preston ( rise quickly , don coat ) have custom run he passport -- I with know where he be and whére he 's be : then call andrew and tell ‘em we 's wheel - up in twenty minute . int . cabin - night 44 a gulfstar business jet roll ouc of a star be a fly office with computer , cellular machine , etc . witherspoon walk down the be phone tuck in he ear , relaying informatio witherspoon ( to Preston ) Pentagon ... dod record service honduras , El sal , beir sniper : S instructor . atf say he have a fede Fire arm license and carry he as of three car - 15s , a Barrett .50 cal . and too many pistol to lisz . in the back , declan be bemuse by this show valentina scribbling note in the seat next tz front , mcmurphy work another phone . he 's get mcmurphy Detroit PD surveillance say neiti he two car be park in the neighborhood . preston we be ten minute out . 11 Detroit > to secure the house and begin the cn . o 45 ext . suburban house - day 4s FBI agent scurry through the house , search every plow through desk , drawer , kitchen cabin 2 agent with a cut torch burn they way i a wali safe . Preston , declan , and valentina enter . p on be hand a folder which he open , pass it to declan . it 's the service record of one Charles H. calthrop . the photo be of a very young Green beret Lieutenant -- the face be so extremely , gawkily youthful as to be unrecognizable . preston that he ? declan ( study photo ) could be ... he 's have surgery . hi have probably change a number preston ( to witherspoon ) the neighbor say he 's on a hunt trip in Canada . check for a Charles calthrop fly from any canadian airport to or from Helsinki around the time of the jackal 's meeting with terek . valentina also anyone fly to stockholm . he could take the train from there . ii do not work try Oslo , Copenhagen , the baltic ferry line . declan he will be use false papers so you 'li have to check every passenger . preston you hear they . wither ? oon I be on it . preston and get a laser in here . I valentina if you take the first three letter Charles and the first three letter calthrop , you get the word chacal -- ( conte 45 46 47 48 - binoculars ' Pov we see : the Capitol dome , >. Avenue , the U.S. mint , finally the white hox . continued : 45 declan ( pounce on it ) french for jackal . the hunter exchange look , a chi run =z cheir back ... int . montreal airport - day 46 the jackal walk to the custom desk in t the female custom officer be extremely f£ arture area . custom woman good morning ... the jackal smile blankly , open a red ar the custom woman stamp a exit visa into ine passpor hand it ba custom woman senor ruidiaz . hasta le huego . ext . parking garage , WASHINGTON , d.c . - day 47 <s co the small peir of carry a black shoulder bag , thé jackal with railing of a rooftop parking deck , produci binocular and look out across the city . ext . construction site - day 48 the finish touch be be put on the =. Children 's Hospital . a work crew pai asphalt parking lot where a sign next week . a list of be headline , include the General , and the director of the photograph . while 0.s. we hear t music cranking up , the jackal ch '' when " ... 2 open ch off '' with '' 49 50 int , the silver fox - night 49 donna summer 's '' hot Love " thump from the j upscale gay bar off duponc Circle . the place with a clientele of gay " clone " , conservati in government job , dress mostly in slack aligator shirt . while on the dance floor , a clad bureaucrat - type dance with a beefy con worker , the jackal sit at the end of the bar beer . drink in hand , a good-look young la . stool next to the jackal . his name be douglas . edium busy mosexual take the douglas hi. int . silver fox - later 50 at a back several drink later . Douglas and the jackal no on the booth , laugh at share joke . Douglas put jackal 's knee . douglas I think you better come hone with jackal . ( touch Douglas ' hand ) I would love to , but I can not . I have to back to Atlanta tomorrow . and wrap divorce . the jackal grimace then nod at Douglas ' rai ayebrow : jackal she know . Douglas nod sypathetical nm '' , absolutely buy tis pose . ths d actor . L a jackal be clearly a sple douglas I would sure like to see you again . jackal well ... let I have you douglas ( nand he card ) you be not gonna call . jackal I will . hey , have a little faith in people . like I do . ' night . zontinued ) 50 continued : : 50 touch he cheek , he walk out . Douglas be utterly smi 51 ext . georgetown STREET - night 51 oc the jackal walk down a georgetown street past fashionable home of lobbyist and lawyer , peer in the window of park car . some have blink red security light on the dash but one gleam BMW be dark . don glove , he take out a ice pick and silently punch it through the window . expand the hole with a few blow of he glove fist , he reach in and snatch what he 's be after : the plastic resident parking permit dangle from the rearview mirror ... 52 ext . WASHINGTON , D.C. used car lot - day 52 a salesman leaf through a stack of $ 100 bill while the jackal get behind the wheel of a late - model yellow minivan , exactly the same model as before ... 53 int . FBI conference room - day 53 the meeting be a august one : director Brown , deputy from CIA , nsc , and secret service , Russian ambassador koldin , and Security director bolitonov . the only man in the room without a tie , declan sit at the far end of the table with valentina . everyone have 'a file . Preston turn to Brown . preston a . maybe we should start by cancel you — public appearance . nsc rep I do not think that 's quite necessary yet . this calthrop will need'time to prepare . meanwhile , if he 's in the U.S. or attempt to enter , we will arrest he . Mexico and Canada have the flyer , if he show they will detain he . if he turn up in a 3rd country ambassador koldin assure we one of they Alpha team will deal with he . also we be run check on Helsinki travel so one of the passport should come back with a flag . declan sieze the floor , oblivious to the beaureaucratic heavies ' startle reaction to he outsider 's appearance . declan find one 's not enough . he tell I he always operate with four false identity -- three with he and another at a drop box somewhere . 53 . continued : . 53 bolitonov that be some time ago . he might fr change he method since then . cq ) declan he 's have no reason to . anyway we be assume he have not ' cause otherwise sink and Mr. Brown here 's a dead m wm t4 CIA rep be you sure the situation 's as diz you make it out ? I mean might we neo makng a mountain out of a molehill : declan give valentina a look like , '' who be valentina . the jackal be follow terek 's ori for a very bloody , very public assassination - - a statement if you terek make do he own kill point of honor so if he 's commissi another to do this for he , be ass it 's something to take very seriou director Brown will never be safe the jackal be capture or kill . CIA rep ( to Brown , reassure ) one independent - contractor , shop -a do - it-yourselfer ? let 's get real . just the asset in this room the '' as good as get . that 's if he do make a mistake first and put he of dick in the wringer -- which be what clown usually do . do not worry , doz . declan will somebody pour a bucket of wat this glipe ' fore he snorin ' wake < neighbor ? preston mulqueen ! declan keep you hair on ... ( regroup , face Brown ) ' " scuse I , sir , but if you think be you high tech and readoucs and be and whistle be gonna stop this mar you be dreamin' . he know it all b front , know how to make it work for ( morei 53 54 '' 35 . 56 continued : declan ( cont would ) he . right now you have get a name , all . the jackal 's get a target a4 get a timetable . as for makin 's nm . do not forgive error prosper , he 's preva he 's up against a sta way ' round . Brown be not a man who scare easy but this siv he turn for confirmation to Preston who neés . brown all right , on the sear I be give Preston 's it will be conduct in absolute 's needless to say , the minute of briefing be classified . that 's Brown get up . the other follow suit as ... ext . interstate 65 - night Northern Indiana , the middle of the night , beacon on this flat expanse of prairie be a sign with a fat arrow and the woré " to chi jackal 's d.c. minivan roar under the sign , int . high rise HOTEL room : - night wrapped in a towel , the jackal walk of Chicago ' spread out beneath long distance . down and . phone voice ( 0.s. ) hello ? jackal jackal . phone voice ( 0.s. ) jackal be blow . they know about '' director and they know about Cal the jackal hang up the phone . for a long m out at the city . somewhere , far below , a sire int . o'hare airport , U.S. custom area - day . the ja carry a shoulder bag and suite : and enter the custom Area , wal toward departure counter . for a moment stop , he really want to do this ? finally , hea make mark U.S. passport ... not 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 : int . jet way - day the jackal walk down the walkway , show he ticket to a pretty flight attendant and board a AIR a DC - S . ext . montreal , letterham shipping - day turn int se to a waterfront street in montreal . a white marry the parking lot of the shipping office . it quit time and as the jackal slide out wheel a pair of secretar be exite the holding the door for they , the jackal enter ... int , letterham shipping light be be switch off as tt murdock again , walk to the desk . jackal uh , murdock - - get a shi : ext . letterham shipping - day he manager aos the trunk a hand dolly lean against the white minivan shove a long wooden box into the back and shut . the jackal smile . ' jackal thank you much . int . preston' office - night valentina doze on a couch ' in the corner wh. at Preston 's desk in a circle of lamp light , electric razor . finish , he open a drawer t back and sees a pistol under some papers . he gun , then at the couch . valentina be asleep overhead light come on and Preston enter , the razor ss at the preston Oslo travel cam2 up with a James hayslip who fly from Toronto May two day before the meeting with '' so we check the Social Security on he passport . it 's le imate , guess what -- it delong to a inma commit to a mental inscitution Virginia 12 year ago . ( hold up cne finger ) that 's he ! continued ) 57 58 59 60 61 o 62 63 64 '' '' continued : : 61 preston ( produce another file ) now , ready for the bomb ? canad. say hayslip fly to montreal ago . valentina leap up from the couch , take ch : Preston . she hand declan a passport photo -- variation of the jackal 's . Preston tug on valentina 's lapel . preston the rcmp liaison officer in montreal name be beaufre , he 's check 2 in the area . make sure he cover car rental company and every airline with service to the U.S. and get that over to custom . declan the picture will not be worth much unless he 's use hayslip 's name -- which he will not . he will have a different name and face for operate on the grouné . with ext , montreal ~ strip mall coffee shop - night 62 the jackal , wear tinted contact lense , hair style and color totally unlike the picture , fi offa sandwich at a outside a table , in sight of he minivan park out front . a man sit in a park sedan ac street look away as the jackal turn he gaze towar sense something 's not right the jackal stand , putt couple of bill on the table . he walk awa pretend to gawk into a grubby -look shoe in the reflection of which he can see 2 ot getring into the sedan . all 3 man be look he way . walk a few door down , the jackal enter a all - night copy shop . int . copy shop 63 jackal do you have a computer I can rent ? int . computer rental booth ~ night 64 the jackal ' 's finger fly over the key . 7 of a dial tone and then a number be dia type out : " '' synweap @ : 32 November Zebra " , computer . screen : client reference 008 zulu -- update ? do 64 65 67 68 continued : : 64 the computer screen silently type back : contacted US . internet penetrated . possi3 z compromised . the jackal type : police ? the answer scroll silently across he screen : hi jacker . int . mini - van - night 65 driving through the outskirt of montreal , the jackal check he rearview mirror . in the road behind hin , sedan follow at a discreet distance . the jackal cu : into underground parking garage of a '' all suite : sedan pull to the curb as the parking barrier come down behind the jackal 's minivan . int . parking garage - night 66 the van into quickly len one . the jackal drive to the lowest level , bac a space . know he do not have much time , & remove the temporary plate , put on the then , open the back of the van and toss a SMALL black aerosol can which he handle with lock the hatch back up , he pull on the gl a high pressure hose and . begin to wash the with the van ... the man from the sedan-- call they LOPEZ , alve zimanski ~ - walk down the ramp . Big , tough - lo bulge in they jacket , they look out at th around they . . LOPEZ you guy check upstairs . he keep look . alverez and Zimanski move ts che stair . int . elevator - night 67 go up , the jackal stand alone in the glass elevator , the loom interior of the hotel open arow : of hallway and balcony over a cavernous i : he look down . 5 floor below , he see alver talk to a clerk at the front desk , then go to int . HOTEL room - night 68 the jackal slip into he room , grab he 2 lready - be bag ... o 69 70 71 int . parking garage - night nivan . ina Lopez stand at the front bumper of a blue puddle under the bumper , he notice a whit off the van-- remnant of the white paint . walk to the rear of the van and peer in spot the blanket - cover craze . he be door handle latch . suddenly a shout burst jerk he hand back -- the handle be spray with contact poison , absolutely lethal . blood stream from eye , mouth , and nostril , staggering through babbling c. a epileptic , Lopez finally fall , he slo 's echoing though the empty garage ... int . HOTEL fifth floor - night stop she in front of the jac : trundle past with a clean care . zimanski uh , we leave we key in the room . can you let we in ? maid certainly , sir . inserting she pass key into the lock , she < handle and scream -- the room door have also the maid fall to the floor , she dloody st through the hallway as she die , ner rigié clutch to the knob . transfix in horro alverez instinctively go for they gun , the jackal spring into frame from behind instant . a rapid flurry of action as the out with swift precision : he drill he 1 tremendous force into Zimanski 's throat , a choke heap with a crush larynx while alverez , in one move bend he gun arm ba like a twig , and use it to spin he into automatically crumple he spinal cord wit’ ' cluck ' . over as quickly as it begin , all jackal step over the body and walk cal . to the stair ... 's silence 2 . down the = int . gulfstar jet - day the fly office be point north , Preston , valentina , and declan huddle in the back . vue 69 70 71 71 continued : ww preston hayslip 's disappear , probably u one of the other identity . we ' hayslip 's passport picture to the oc patrol . maybe we will gec lucky . valentina the only place we be sure he 's be montreal . I will call the rcmp for unusual criminal activity there . declan he will not draw any attention to hi I tell you , he do not make mista : valentina no , you be wrong . and you have be man like that alwav make at least mistake . after all , be not that how be catch ? she go forward . Preston look at declan , '' 2 in he eye : preston so , there ! both man burst into laughter , as anything . then declan turn pen ce : declan tell I about she . preston well ... you do not have to worry ab she if that 's t you be wonder best cop I have ever see . declan honestly ... how so ? preston well she save my life for one thi and do it know she 'é be under death sentence from tersk for kill he brother . declan fierce woman . preston and can you imagine what it must have take to do what she 's cone ? a will like she ? in tt country , under t system ? amazing ... {continued } 7 continued : 7. declan nod , brow knitting thoughtfully as she return . . valentina rcmp report quadruple homicide in C ) montreal : one with crush larynx , one break neck , two by some sort of poison . both look at declan who bow he head in gentlemanly fashion : declan he make a mistake . 72 int . all suite HOTEL - fifth floor - day 72 valentina , declan , Preston , and rcmp detective beaufre stare down at the tape silhouette of the maid 's body . a plastic bag be tape over the door handle . beaufre we discover the poison when a montreal detective open the door . he 's still in critical condition . preston : do you get print anywhere ? beaufre to no . we have to call a hazardous waste a ) unit to sterilize the room and hallway . declan kneel to study the doorknob . preston what the hell be it ? declan shellfish toxin . mix with dmso and spray on in aerosol probably . preston good God ... what about the other ? beaufre the three man all have criminal record . the room be rent to a Argentine name ruidiaz . declan look at Preston , hold up two finger . declan : now then , where would the fourth victim die ? 73 int , parking garage - day 73 they be near the empty parking spot in the garage . T outline be where the man fall , about twenty foot from the van be park . declan be walk past some police technician as beaufre talk . . beaufre probably kill with the same poison , apparently on some sort of van park in that spot , judge by the track . declan be crouch over the puddle of white paint film . declan have a coat of white water - base P. it . he wash it off to confuse anyone who might be follow he . witherspoon ( walk up ) desk clerk pick out hayslip 's photo as the man who check in under the Argentine passport . bellman think 7 drive a white van with temporary plate declan ( snap finger ) just buy it -- look for a new-boug ! preston ( to witherspoon ) do a alpha trace on all purchase in this part of the country . then ch the buyer and see who do not know about the purchase . {to beaufre ) meanwhile , will you put out a bulle : on all minivan with temp plate ? declan no , he will have steal plate by now on whatever he 's drive . beaufre what do I use for a description ? preston send the hayslip photo . o 74 75 76 77 ext . self service car wash - day a 2 lane highway cut through forestland . off to the side the road sit one of the anomaly of canadian architecture : a art-moderne car wash in the middle of nowhere . the v. door be open and the jackal whistle as he scrub . the 's of it with a soap - and -steam - gush pressure brush finish the original white - off job and wash off the door handle ext . canadian route 417 - day as the jackal pilot he blue van the radar detector on the dash start to chirp . the jackal glance at the speedoi and smile -- he 's do a even 55 mile a hour . sut=re enough , crest a slight hill , the jackal pull the sun visor down low as he spot a Ontario provincial police cruiser park face traffic , a radar gun clipped to the window . the van sail right past ... ext . ottawa tool and die company - day int . ottawa tool . and die company through the window we see the jackal 's blue van park out front as Lamont beam , watch the jackal i handiwork . the unit be a hollow metallic c. high , Inside be servos , gear , electric m short support arm jut : from the middle of . without a gun stick in it , the contraption icok odd be dangerous . the jackal push the support a : unit glide effortlessly through 270 degre he look at the base . it 's black -- non-metallic . lamont oh , I could not get any titanium so I have a friend mold the base out of car > fiber instead . come in 23 kilo wu the weight you ask for . cool ? jackal be not you forget something ? {as Lamont shrug ) the plan . I also want the leave -o material and the carbon fiber mold . lamont uh , maybe we oughta talk about the . jackal oh ? ( continued ) | 75 76 77 o 77 78 continued : 77 lamont see , a rig like this , I support something pr . gatling gun maybe , 20 cannon ... so you gotta be shoot something big . armore car , bank hey , who know , maybe a fuckin ' airliner . Point be , a job like that can attract attention . gure it 's jackal I do not want attention . lamont right . that 's why I figura the plan and the mold be worth a little bonus . jackal how much ? lamont oh , like ... hundred gr. . hey , it 's worth it . you get a serious piece ci equipment there . jackal ( pause , shrug ) all right . I will have the for you tomorrow . but I 'lin test . the mounc first . somer get notice . lamont we get a place like thac . ext . forest - day , . 78 3 feer they , two nose . the a quarter - Lamont 's a stand of old - growth pine , huge , tower tr across . a white paper plate be nail to one nail where eye would be , a third i jackal have the mount set up in a clear abo : mile away , he van nearby , a impatient - looki look on , he beat - up sedan in the b.g . the open the ' sailing mast ' case , extract the shape of a Polish zzsu -33 cannon . he place it : arm with the video camera and 1000 =2 lens on the gun , all four foot of which snap perfect , Lamont come up next to hin , nodd proudly . lamont - see , man , that 's craftsman : ship . continued ) 78 one into the breech of the cannon . Lamont 's continued : 78 the jackal connect the car battery to the small tv set and r/c unit see lier int a switch : on the tv screen be a view of the he work the joystick and servos whir , gun pan leave and right until they find the t paper plate . push a button on che joystic zoom in until the nail show plainly under no of tree . camera with the the camera the crosshair . lamont son-of-a-bitch ... eral belt dullet . the jackal open a metallic case -- inside be of 14.4 mm cartridge fix with cdd , gleamiz : lamont hairy lookin ' round . jackal | penetrate anything . they be make ci deplete uranium so once they get they spall -- just go crazy . you will lamont aw-right ... hé break three round from the end of a bel : and insert jackal here get behind I , I gotta zero Lamont do so and the jackal let the bolt forward . eye fix on the tv screen , the the trigger . the cannon round detona 's like a thunderclap . a flock of bird squ : of the air @n masse as the echo crash through empty . the ty screen show a bullet hole on the plate but and to the leave . Lamont be enthralled . the jackal adjust two screw on the mount and load another shell , chen returm joystick . another deafening report and a wh . on and splinter blast out from behind the try the tv , a neat bullet hole appear dead center on the per plate . lamont whoa ... reloading , the jackal hit the keyboard under joystick . . jackal hey , how do I make it sight - in automatically ? {continued} '' 78 continued : . 78 lamont just punch in whatever windage and elevation you want and hit ' enter 's . jackal oh , right , right ... let 's see , have to sort of ' guesstimate ' ... hit key ) okay ... here , you wanna do the honors ? lamont shit yeah ! the jackal step aside as a thrilled Lamont hit ' ent . side - by-side , they watch the cannon automatically swing around , unexpectedly do a complete asout - face , the nuzzle stop just short of the jackal but right between Lamont 's eye . Lamont freeze . the jackal step behind the breech . lamont what be this ? jackal hey , get it first try . Nice job , Lamont . ( point across clear ) okay , I be gonna speed - test this thing now so ... run. lamont what ? : jackal I say run . now . his icy stare convince Lamont and he bolt , sprinting across the clear for all he 's worth , cackle in terror . the jackal follow he every twist and turn on the joystick , keep he exactly in the crosshair with perfect ease and precision , the effect on the tv very much like that Gulf War smart - bomb video . meanwhile , under he breath : jackal come on , faster ... good , back and forth , that 's right ... keep go ... all right , that 's fine , stop . {out loud to Lamont ) stop ! . puff hard , Lamont stop near he car , about 100 ya away . the jackal hunker over the tv , minutely adjust joystick while give order to the tremble Lamont : ( cont of of 78 continued : jackal all right , stand up straight ... good . now hold out you right arm ... not you '' ~~ leave , the other one ... hold it out lo straight ... Higher ... okay , right there . 1 , right arn on the round erat the vy able to insensate with fright , Lamont stand stock 's hold straight out at shoulder level . a last joystick , then the jackal pull the trigger . sever Lamont 's right arm and most of he shi collar bone . Lamont wail loud and low , scare believe he eye . the jackal call to he : jackal move over by you car . come on , beicre you pass out . the cannon muzzle follow Lamont 's incomplete form as a stagger to he car in a disorient , swoon against the driver 's door . the jackal lift a 14,4 mm ammunition and snap the lead shell int jackal here 's that bonus ... the jackal leans on the trigger and with a he like the voice of armageddon the cannon now automatic , its deplete uranium projectile ' . in a flame -stabbing streak , ripping through a F es burst with unimaginable speed , the concussion rai of dust from the ground ... Lamont 's body disintegrate into a explosion c! pink vasor , shred rag and bone fragment fly , the. su ploughing through into the car beyond , oblit : driver 's side with stun suddeness and ma} car seem to collapse in on itself . the power be staggering , like nothing ever see . shuttir jackal allow himself a smile , satify with tc indeed , it seem nothing less than the literal be mach down , & weapon . ath of God . 79 int . rcmp headquarters , montreal - day Preston write on a chalkboard . scribble on the jackal 's itinerary as they know it . and th ruidiaz and hayslip . Preston write a question beaufre and witherspoon enter . witherspoon last week a Charles c. murdock bough new blue dodge minivan -- which be a surprise to Mr. murdock since he passport and wallet be steal at Frankfurt airport ten day ago . oy 79 continued : valentina that 's the third identity . preston anything from the border ? we senc a description of the van to every crossing . from here to manitoba . '' declan might have cross already . ss who nod . a uniform mountie whisper something to be beaufre renfrew - - a little town outside of ottawa . I think you man 's be there . 80 ext . ottawa tool and die - day a rcmp helicopter zoom down out of the sky Preston , valentina , and declan exit from the the front . a ontario detective great they . detective the coroner have the body part at Glasgow . not much leave , what 's there 's mostly mush . want I to take you over ? _ preston I think we get the idea . let 's loox az the shop . 81 int . ottawa tool and die company cial 2s , around the place be be searched by mounties and police , get a thorough go - over . declan the machinery . valentina and Preston talk to 2 beaufre the owner 's Ian Lamont , small - time hood . declan call over from one of the lathes . declan that 's a carbon fiber moid over thers . 82 int . tool and die office - later Preston , valentina , and declan pore over a sé : = : plan - jackal 's plan . continued ) 79 80 al 82 83 or of continued : declan it 's a remote fire station . Motors and servos depress and elevate weapon . you run it off a hard w. remote control like a model airplane we use to make they once in a wt but this mount 's almosc three tim normal size . I would say he have some anti-aircraft weapon , probably electric . that 's why he need the minivan it around . valentina be he go to shoot down a plane ? declan you can buy a mount for doin ' thaz besides , a stinger missile 's the \g for aircraft . no , something else 's up . preston what would he range be on a gun this ? eight hundred yard ? a though declan I think you be talk about at ls. mile . but it 's not just the range , the cyclic rate . with this kinda there will be a hundred bullet on the way ' fore the first one even hit the ext . silver water yacht charter - day sailboat and cabin cruiser be tie to a wood cove . the jackal walk down the dock with cardigan - clad manager of this charter outfit . clipboard at a beautiful , 48 - foot sloop nam : davis Water and fuel tank be top of she 's get radar , gps , and auto pi even a cellular phone ' case you waz call you wife . the jackal look she over . she 's sleek , emi . jackal she 's perfect . 82 '' 83 5 : ns 84 85 86 ext . pier - night it 's late . cricket sing , moth circle the licht over the pier as the jackal 's minivan pull up next to deja vu . her cargo hatch be open . stand in the cockpit , the jackal unscrew the plate at the end of the boom . the inside be hollow . the jackal lift the zsu - 33 cannon into the hollow space , push it in and re-attach the end plate ... ext . OPEN lake - day sail furle , deja vu drift far out in Lake Michigan , no land in sight . the jackal walk aft , pull a paper cover from the transom . the name deja vu have be replace by ' insolent minx . ' , port of call , Chicago . the jackal admire he handiwork , crumpling the transfer paper ané toss it into the lake . he return to the cockpit and push a pair of button . the mainsail and jib unfurl on hydraulic roller , wind instantly fill they . insolent minx and she deadly cargo be airborne , head for Chicago . the jackal take a cellular phone and punch in a set of number . voice ( 0.s. ) hello . jackal jackal . voice ( 0.s . ) they know about murdock , hayslip , and the Argentine . they have a irishman help they . jackal irishman ... name . voice ( 0.s. ) mulqueen , declan mulqueen . recognition flare in he eye along with a flash of relish . jackal the operation be a go . int . gulfstar jet - night dinner time and the jet 's big screen tv be on forward and the FBI man watch as they boss , Brown , speak at a Washington woman 's gather on CNN . sitting alone at one of the table , declan look out the window down at the moonlit world below . valentina appear in the aisle nex : to he with a tray of food . ( continued ) 84 85 86 86 continued : 86 valentina May i? declan a please . sitting down next to he , she notice he untouched food . valentina you be not go to eat ? declan not hungry . valentina do you mind ? he nod . she take he tray and pile he food on top of hers . declan smile , look back out the window . a burst of appreciative laughter from the FBI agent at another table as on tv , Brown escort the reassuringly matronly first lady to the podium . she get off a quip and a sweet ripple of tinkling female laughter pass through the audience . declan smile fondly . valentina point to Brown : , valentina what do you think of they ? '' declan : the lady ? well , I like the President 's wife , do not you ? Nice smile on she . valentina oh , declan , you like all woman . isnit that the irish say ? " cherish the lady ... " declan well , I appreciate ‘em , I suppose , bein ' so often deprive of they company . not so terribly odd , be it , to cherish what 's different ? protect it . I know , you do not need anyone 's protection ... valentina what I mean be what do you think of the FBI ? Brown and he man ? declan I know what you mean . well ... I like Preston . I think he 's a fair man . he 's very fond of you . ( continued ) o 86 continued : 86 valentina we have work very closely this last year . declan he tell I you save he life . and that poxy bugger put you under a death sentence for it ? not to worry , I will go to Russia and kill the bastard for ya . valentina you say that so easily . declan come , would not you kill he if you have the chance ? tell the truth . valentina I do not break the law , I uphold it . declan the law , be it ? jaysus . the law 's just a dirty rag the master wave around when they want something out of you and ignore the rest of the time . valentina you do not mean that . + declan do not I ? listen , I hate the bloody law , I and mine have suffer under it all I life -- and if the fooker be a man I would bash ' im in the mouth . valentina and justice ? declan well , something ' else entirely , be not it ? valentina you can not have one without the other . declan if you have get one you do not need the other . . valentina do you think there 's justice in my country ? I have see the law make into a whore more time than I can count . but not once do I use that as a excuse to break faith with it . 86 87 88 64 . continued : . 86 see she emotion and suddenly realize he 's call she very existence into question , declan pause . finally : declan well , then I guess ... if there be more people like you , there would be fewer people like I . he get up , move off alone . she look down , blush again . ext . sailboat cockpit - day 87 the jackal lift a pair of binocular , point they toward a crowd of sail on the horizon . a flotilla of yacht be head south -- a large stateside regatta , the jackal helm over , bring insolent ' minx into the wind and point she bow toward the cluster of sail . int . FBI h.q. , director brown' office - night 88 light be burn on the 3rd floor , a lot of overtime be earn . the usual face be gather , slump around the table , dejection plain on everyone 's face . Preston face Brown . preston I be afraid , sir , that immediately we conclude this meeting , I be go to insist you move.to quantico until further notice . thing be what they be , 75,000 Marines on a military installation can protect you a lot better than we can . the other nod , relectantly confirm the awful truth . custom rep every crossing point and airport service Canada have he photograph but rcmp have nothing . border patrol and INS be on full alert and likewise . secret service rep it do not take houdini to get across from Canada . he could just walk over . preston no , he have a weapon and mount to transport . declan spread a road atla on the table and point . ( continued ) o 88 89 90 oy u continued : 88 declan what kind of patrol be there on chese ? preston the great Lakes ? virtually none . declan be there ferry service ? custom rep not many . we check that . people drive . declan what about private yacht ? what kind of immigration control be there ? custom rep arrive vessel have to check with the harbormaster . declan if he take a boat he would want to mis : with other . any gathering to sp nsc rep . the Chicago -mackinac regatta 's on . brown - ( to. Preston ) what do you think ? preston it 's better than just wait for nim to show up . ext . sailboat cockpit , lake michigan - day . 89 the Chicago skyline loom on the horizon on brilliant summer morning . dozen of boat be crowded around isolent minx as the jackal turn at the helm and loox behind he . Blue light flash , a Coast Guard cutter be come up , a2 coast guardsman on deck scan he with binocular . the jackal coolly turn he face away and put on a cub baseball cap . the Coast Guard cutter cross sshind insol minx , then pass to starboard , turn on its firefigh hose . gush celebratory fountain , the U. escort the flotilla - - and the jackal -- into '' ext . chicago yacht club - day 90 a forest of sailboat mast clog a sprawling carina , the pier crowded with yachtsmen and spectator . clan , valentina , witherspoon , and Preston spread a = on the hood of a police cruiser . ( continued ) o 90 91 ° oo continued : ' 90 preston eighteen yacht club and marinas in the Metro area . witherspoon take waveland . declan and valentina , Chicago yacht Club . I will take the local . we be look for a ontario-registered boat . it may have race number , it may not . a sudden , rapid series of explosion , exactly like gunfire . the hunter spin around . a burst of firework spatter up from the pier . the tension level be beginning to tell . preston stay on you radio . if you find something , call in back - up . I want a arrest , not a firefight . declan ( pull Preston aside ) what about lettin ' I have a gun ? preston be you crazy ? if the right people even knéw I be let you walk around without cuff I would get force retirement . Preston and the other drive off . valentina and declan study the literally hundred of boat in the harbor all around they , both shaking they head in amazement . after a beat : declan so many ... valentina Rich people . ext . yacht club pier - day 91 declan and valentina walk down pier 28 , check out the sailboat transom -- most be locally - register . none look remotely suspicious . valentina I will check this way . valentina walk to the adjacent pier . firework continue to bang and pop as declan keep search here at pier 28 . at the next one , pier 29 , the jackal 's minivan , now green , be park about 50 yard from the insolent minx . there 's no sign of he on deck or on the pier . valentina pass within 50 foot of the vehicle , but do not check it ouc . walk down pier 28 , declan examine boat from Chicago , milwaukee , traverse City ... stop at one from thessalon , Ontario , a bikini-clad woman emerge from below deck . ( continued ) 91 oy continued : 91 woman Champagne ? declan maybe later . declan look across the narrow space between dock at pier 29 , catch sight of the blue minivan , curicsity pique -- though he can not see its license plate he can see into the cargo compartment where a blanket cover some bulky object . just then the jackal emerge from insolent , step onto the dock as another string of firecrac go off . suddenly time stand still as declan spot the jackal walk for the minivan , the identification as visual . his predator 's radar tell he seo : the jackal turn . separate by 20 yard of we and declan lock on to each other in recogni much visceral declan 's eye ... the jackal 's eye ... declan have no cover , no weapon . walk down the road at the foot of the pier , valentina catch sight of a man draw a silence piszol from he rain slicker and throw down on declan - - it ' the jackal . valentina declan ! the jackal glance at she as valentina draw declan dive off the pier into the water . ret target of declan underwater , the jackal kno about to fire and smoothly drop to one knee entina be tas ... valentina fire , she bullet smash into a pile where jackal 's head just be . keeping he eye on he underwater target , the jackal point he pistol behind hin and blindly rapid fire 1-2-3- 4 - 5 - 6 time in valentina 's girection ... valentina dive over the fender of a car as heii a dozen silence slug spang into it , pin she b : the car . though there be people everywhere , only a few ¢rasp what 's happen . meanwhile more fireworx chatter as valentina fire twice ... ving up on minivan ... both shot miss , but force the jackal to move , declan . he conceal he pistol and start for valentina dash from behind the car fender just as a huge semi pull a 40 - foot sloop across the road , biscke she view . she roll under the slowly - pass trai see {continued} 91 92 ov with continued : 91 spot a older man walk down the pier with he wife , the jackal purposely bump into he and from under he slicker pump a silence slug into he chest . jackal this man 's hurt ! someone help ! somebody get a doctor ! the wife scream . head poke up from adjoin boat , a crowd start to gather as the man writhes on the dock . declan surface , hearing the minivan starting up above ... the minivan roar off pier 29 past a chevy caprice double - park by the gate -- obviously a FBI car with its full set of antennas . the jackal pump five bullet into its hood as he pass . declan shove through the crowd to where valentina watch the minivan turn up the street . soak but unharme , declan run up to she . she shake she head . declan well , have we chance , do not we ? ext , pier - day 92 the pier be crowded with a ambulance and police cruiser while the hunter confer , declan turn to Preston : declan he know who I be and he be not surprised . someone he have not see in ten year . he know I might be around . he be expect I . Preston get it -- there 's a leak . he turn to witherspoon : preston . we know the make and color of the car . see if anybody get the license plate then get a bulletin to every toll booth in Indiana , Ohio , Pennsylvania , and West virginia . and I want registration card from every hotel within 20 mile of the interstate go east . declan might as well go back to Washington ' till we hear something . only thing we can go now 's stay between he and the target . preston I guess you be right ... anything else ? {con ' a it y iued ) 92 94 95 96 97 continued : declan yeah , give I the fookin ' gun next cime I ask for it . ext . tennessee highway - day Hill country swell in a glorious spring morning as the jackal 's van , now green , crest a hill and down a draw . ext . bubba' u- store - it - Day sunlight stream into a empty rent storage cubicle as ced < in hand , en the fron : be a safe jackal unlock and heave up the coor . a be cardboard box sit atop a wooden pallet . to the jackal kneel in front of it . he slice of of the cardboard carton with a box cutter . th inside . the jackal finger the combination pull on the lever , and the latch pop . gingerly , he 's the door open a inch , place a wooden wedge between door and of the crack open . rigged e. he ic into he the latch . use cutter , the jackal reache and snip a wire . he swing the safe door with : to blow , a thermite grenade be tape to the i : remove the grenade , replace the pin , and pu toolbox , then take a thick manila envelope for the safe . he rip open the envelope . it. contain a pai Virginia license plate , some cash , and a full set of 2mr.d . include credit card , driver 's license , and zassport . ext . canfield house inn . - day a victorian mansion somewhere outside of Memphis convert to a romantic weekend retreat . the jackal 's van be park out front . int . front desk - day a clerk hand the jackal a room key . he shoulder bag and head across the lobby . staircase be a strike woman in a white sun cend ths ss , straw hat , and summer glove . this be jennifer stras about 42 , she be very beautiful , very southern , and very ealthy pass on the stair , the jackal look back at ner .. int . canfield house , dine room - later even service be end . alone ac le by the fire , Jennifer sip a glass of wine . cigarette from she purse . the jackal appear from thin with a lighter . she take the light . jennifer thank you . {continued} 92 93 94 95 96 97 97 98 < a continued : 97 jackal mind some company ? jennifer no , I would like that . ( as he sit ) what bring you to Memphis ? jackal Business . jennifer what kind of business keep you so fit ? jackal uh , flattery . more , more . jennifer no , you turn . jackal well , let 's see ... he pretend to look she over and they share a smile ... . int , situation room - day 98 use a oversize compass witherspoon draw mile - wide ' circle on a huge map of D.C. next to a diagram of the jackal 's movement and identity . Preston turn to declan . preston which way do you think he 's come ? declan . East . but he will take he time . he know you can not watch toll booth forever . Preston shake he head , pace as valentina enter . valentina rcmp report the jackal fly from montreal to Washington eight day ago . he use the argentinian passport . U.S. custom have a exit -- Preston draw a line from Chicago ‘to montreal on the diagram . preston okay , he fly from Chicago back to montreal two day before the killing , that leave four day unaccount for ... ( continued ) o 98 99 100 continued : 98 declan he be here . he have to recce the shoot site , find a place to install the weapon , and plan he escape route . preston damn ! he 's ahead of we every step . valentina {to declan ) what would you be do now ? declan he 's burn three id 's . he need another . he will get it from a drop box somewhere and we be bacx to square one . preston but we have a physical description , at least that be not go to change . . declan he have a ict of face . for instance , he get out of Spain use cordite -- you eat a piece , it get you sick , a hour later you feel fine , but you skin 's gray and bloat . you could pass for fifty . preston ( think hard , decide ) allright , we be go to release the hayslip picture . maybe the public , God love ‘em , will help . we will say he 's a suspect serial killer . the press eat that stuff up . besides , it 's the t int . jennifer be room - night 99 the light be off . the white sundress and hat be throw on the floor . Jennifer lie in bed , splash by moonlight . the jackal pull she close . she put a finger to he lip : jennifer do not say anything , Mr. Walters . Jennifer kiss he passionately , she hand uxduttone he shirt , leg wraping around he waist ... int . jennifer be room - night 100 's up , find she pu t she driver 's lic zach into he coac , Jennifer be asleep . the jackal g and take out she wallet , look memorize the name and address . ise , he ( continued ) 100 ow 102 72 . continued : 100 take out the cellular phone and step intc the bathroon , turn on the light and punch in number ... int . FBI office - bathroom 101 valentina enter and start check the stall . she stop in front of the one with a extra-blunt pair of wingtip show under the door . from inside we hear a weary voice : preston guess this could not wait three minute . valentina sorry , but we have a lead . someone resembling the hayslip photo and drive a green minivan check into a hotel outside of Memphis . it make sense . he go South and avoid the toll road . the toilet flush . Preston creep out of the stall . preston I hate this job . Ali right ... get Tennessee State Police on the location . seal the road in and get a helicopter on interstate 40 . int . HOTEL lobby - day 102 a maid be ushere to a table by a state trooper . val and witherspoon gesture for he to sit so thay can b question . the rest of the guest and staff be assemb nearby , wait . a state police sergeant take a paper from the table and walk across the lobby , handng the paper to Preston . declan sit next to he . preston why do he leave in the middle of the night ? declan sometimes you just get a feel . or maybe he leave once he get what he want . or maybe he be warn . preston {to the sergeant ) he 's get at least four hour 's head start . put out a bulletin on the car , list all he aliase , include the new one , Walters . ( to mcmurphy ) photograph everything . get a latent ( more ) o 102 103 104 105 106 continued : preston ( cont would ) print team into the ro Cross -check the print between the dod record and the hayslip passport azplication . valentina walk over and hand Preston a piece of paper . valentina the may say he spend the night this woman . accord to she resexvation she life in Charleston , South Carolina . preston let 's talk to the lady . ext . interstate 285 - atlanta - day the jackal 's minivan pass the tower of downcown Atlanta . ext . car wash - day the jackal 's van pull from a stail -- it 's yellow now . ext . CAROLINA mansion - evening a land dot encircle by a immaculate white fence , past with thoroughbre horse , a four coiumn mansion be surround by state police car and sheriff 's cruiser . helicopter land on the front lar valentina , Preston , " declan alight and be meet by a sthte trooper . yw wy of fon trooper she 's in the house . she 's threate : call a lawyer . we do no : cell she anything . int . jennifer' live room - evening Preston and valentina sit in wing chair acress from Jennifer . declan prowl the room . it 's a of 1 Old South - style salon do in antique and Laura ash jennifer I do not have any idea where he be . all we do be have a drink in the lo after dinner . valentina and when you meet later in you roc ? jennifer how dare you -~- ( continued ) 102 103 104 105 106 74 . 106 continued : . 106 preston we know you spend the night with he . I be sorry , Mrs. strasser , but I think cc ) you should know how serious this be . jennifer ( light cigarette , nervous ) I never see he before in my life . he do not even know my real name . valentina do he say where he be go ? jennifer New Orleans . he ask I to come down and listen to jazz with he . . Preston look at declan . they know he 's head north . jennifer what do he do ? preston he kill some people . if you see he again -- if he contact you , call , or write a postcard , let we know . = ) Preston pull out a business card . she take the card . as declan , valentina , and Preston head for the door : . jennifer look , I do something stupid . I hope we can keep it confidential . 107 int . director brown' office - night 107 the international / beaureaucratic group be gather . Preston punch a button on a cassette recorder . preston this be record at 1 a.m. this morning . it 's a call to a number in Brighton Beach , New York . a voice crackle from the speaker -- the tinny , static -clogge sound of a phone tap . the voice be hard to place . phone voice " they be put the jackal 's face on television , say he 's a serial killer . " ( continued ) 107 continued : 107 preston nstop the tape ) unfortunately that information come from cy this room . NY brown who ? whose voice be on that tape ? a moment pass then Security director bolitonov stand . bolitonov mine . valentina remain look at she hand as she adress ambassador koldin .. valentina Mr. ambassador , we have arrange tc the 9 pm aeroflot flight to Moscow . be wait to drive Colonel bolitonsv the airport . witherspoon and mcmurphy escort bolitonov from silence reign for a few moment . everyone knews bolitonov . be on a one - way trip . . brown : : how do you know . whose telephone to 74p ? preston t-did not ... so I tapped all of they . a buzz pass around the room , look go bacx and forth ... ambassador koldin . I have a diplomatic immunity . who authorize you to tap my telephone ? valentina I do , ambassador . ambassador koldin do not like it , but back és . Preston produce a photo , hold it up . meanwhile preston the Brighton Beach number belong tc this man , varlam slaschev . he 's the of terek 's operation in New York . 109 110 111 112 ext . brighton beach delicatessen - day a thoroughfare in the immigrant Little Moscow section Brooklyn where a sign in the window of a storefront bl " deli & russki magazeen " . bell jangle as varlam slas breeze in , a big blue -jaw plug-ugly in mizoguchi le . walk through the front of the store and past a set of curtain into a back room ... int . back room - day a number of thick - set russian and tchetchen criminal - tyce sit around a table , play card and smoking . slashch join they at the table , trading jibe in Russian . ext . STREET outside delicatessen - day outside , 2 workmen put a sawhorse next to a con edison V int . van - day Preston , declan , valentina , and witherspoon be crowded inside the van . it 's fill with surveillance equipment tv monitor , parabolic microphone , etc . declan sip tea froma paper cup . next to he with a set of headphone , valentina listen in on the card game . valentina uh , such language ... _ declan what , do you have a microphone in there ? witherspoon laser point at the window . it encode the vibration and send them back to we . declan shake he head , amused by the display of technoicgy . preston ( into a microphone ) two six , Alpha Charlie . tell I when we be clear out front . I want to keep the collateral damage to a minimun . radio voice ( 0.s. ) " uh , roger , Alpha Charlie . you have still get four ... five civilian in the store . " preston we will move in soon as it 's clear . I have get agent all around the building and in the street with nypd back -up . you two ( more ) 109 110 111 112 112 continued : 112 preston ( cont would ) : stay in the van until seem the swat 7 enter . : another . oc Preston toss declan a bulletproof vest , val preston no gun , but you can have this . you =so , Major . and no argument . declan you really gonna barge in there 1 i} that ? if they be the mad dog you they will as like shoot , surround cr not , if only for the hell of it . coula turn into a proper mess . valentina ( nod to Preston ) remember terek 's brother , ghazzi ? declan and even if you do nick ‘em , when 's last time one that bugger grass < 2 the peeler -- talk to police I mear . valentina never . at least willingly . preston what 's you point ? declan let I go in there . preston what ? declan T will talk to ‘em . reason with ‘em . unarm , just some geezer off the street . worst they can do 's say no . what will it cost you ? even if I fail - can still do you door-bashin ' rout Preston look at valentina . she shrug : valentina it might be worth try . preston well ... you funeral . but if anythi go wrong , we be come in . ! continued ) 112 o S 113 114 78 . continued : : 112 declan ( to valentina ) I will need a translator . you game , valya ? valentina all right . ready , they move to the door . declan pause , look back : declan oh ... anything like a crowbar bacx there ? wither poon ( look , produce tire iron ) Tire iron do ? declan Lovely . and valentina per to Preston : slide the tire iron up into he sleeve , he get out , start for the deli . witherspoon wi witherspoon guy 's crazy . from nuts-ville . declan ( overhear , look back ) belfast . ext.. delicatessen - day | 113 declan and valentina come across the street and enter ths deli . the woman behind the register look , dary . declan give she a smile as they proceed to the cur n in the back , declan poke he head through ... int . back room - day . 114 see declan 's head , slaschev and the other zhug do a variety of take . valentina peek in too . S hev stand . declan uh , 'scuse we , but do you suppose -- slashchev no. no English . private here . you 75 declan well actually my friend here speax -- slashchev you go . ( continu= >) 114 ~ rv continued : . 1214 declan it 's all right , we just wanna ask some -- slashchev I say , you go ! he advance on they . surprisingly , declan draw away . shock , valentina start to speak but he pull she back . declan okay , all right , no problem then ... sense weakness , slaschev give he a shove . declan shrink from he . valentina protest but declan stop she , hold both hand up , try to pacify slaschev . slashchev go now ! declan easy now . okay , no trouble , we be goin’. ( through he tooth to valentina ) come on then ! pull she along , declan start retreate back through the store . valentina simply can not believe she eye . slaschev sneer . then declan stop , as if suddenly remember something , start back timidly , bow at the waist . declan oh , uh , just one thing ? slashchev ( sigh ) what. declan this . letting the tire iron drop unseen from he sleeve , declan suddenly hammer one of slaschev 's kneecap , shatter it with a loud ' pop ' . slaschev scream and stagger back , fall to the floor ... the other 4 thug jump up , 2 go for they gun . vale : draw she pistol and throw down on they . they freeze momentarily , still defiant ... declan turn on a 3rd thug and quickly crack he across the bridge of he nose , lay he out as the last ws a tackle on he . but declan deftly side -step , diss down , and pile-drive a uppercut into he chin , shearing off he ( continued ) o 114 115 . slaschev 's other knee -cap . valentina gasp . 80 . continued : 114 front tooth . the thug drop , hold he mou see they 3 comrade so rapidly and def with , the 2 thug with the gun be now thor valentina keep they cover . slaschev sudder she , snarling at she in Russian : slashchev the militia bitch ! what be you doin here , you scar- face cunt ? declan what do he just say to you ... never mind , I can see it in he face . just tell he what I say ... valentina translate he word into Russian as declan be down to slaschev , wave the tire iron in he face : declan - in case you do not know it , that knee 's ruin for good . now you listen to you dirty little villian -- either you do exactly as I say ... declan raise the tire iron and bring it # in agony . now both knee be ruin . declan declan . or you be gonna spend the rest of yveur life in a wheelchair . int . deli back room - day . 115 FBI and nypd be tear the front room apart , look for other Russians and evidence to justify the be while i back room , slaschev and the other 4 thug sit cross -leg on the floor against the far wall , hand on ir head , gentle as lamb , Preston and witherspoon look on in amazement . declan walk up with valentina , a compact cellular phone and a small black book in he hand . Preston turn to valentina : preston what do he do ? valentina : well , he ... I better let he teli yeu . declan ' well , reason with he , do not I ? man 's power to reason that lift above the animal . get this out of iz . ( more ) ( continued ) 115 continued : 115 declan ( cont would ) the phone 's how all that information get send . the book 's in Russian , he note . C ) declan hand over the phone and black book . Preston 's amaze : preston wait a minute . be you tell I this be the jackal 's phone ? witherspoon you be kid ! declan no ... do not think I be actually . but now the point become moot as , surrealistically enough , the phone begin to ring . witherspoon do not have a hook - up yet . what ' 1ll we do ? declan well whatever it be , do it fast . he will not call back . Preston shrug . there 's nothing to do . hé hand the phone to declan . he answer it . declan hello , jackal . 116 ext . bar -b-q parking lot - day 116 the jackal lean against he van , a hand -held cellular phone in he ear . they conversation intercut between they . jackal declan . hey . declan have not see each other since -- well , Gay before yesterday actually . in the card room , Preston scribbles the word trace on he notepad . valentina start out of the room . jackal yeah , almost tag you . by the way , do not bother trace it . I be on cellular . declan stop valentina , shaking he head . {continued ) o 116 117 continued : 116 jackal so ... how 's prison ? declan unpleasant . jackal I can ‘imagine . I will bet you need some money . whatever they be pay you to catch I , I will pay you twice that to ... not catch I . declan they be release I . how you gonna double that ? jackal well , can not obviously . too bad . how do we resolve this ? declan abort you mission . jackal ooo ... sorry . just too much money . listen , love to keep talk but I be just swamp , all this odd and end -- you know I , God be in the detail . declan yeah , well , later then . jackal later . precisely . the phone go dead . declan shake he head , hand it back to Preston . slashchev gimp over , give he a big smile . slashchev fuck you , FBI ! he 's gonna kill you boss . Preston explode , draw a fist back to deck slashchev but declan grab he arm and stop he , stomping down on slaschev 's instep . he fall , groan . declan pat Preston . declan do not spoil my image of you . ext . winding road - day 117 dave , a middle - age man , drive down a rural road in a late - model sedan , obviously lose . as the road begin c he look down at a map on the seat next to he , dri o 117 118 83 . continued : : 117 the oncoming traffic lane . on the other side cf drive at top speed , the jackal see the car come at do he best to avoid he . but Dave hit he brake , beginning to skid , and clip the rear end of @ minivan . the jackal keep the van on the road . Dave er. ditch . the jackal jump out . the leave rear p in . open the rear gate , he check the gun =ount and weapon . they be undamage . just then Dave stagger into view . dave be you okay ? jackal I be fine . you all right ? dave yeah , but I think my car 's pretty do . I be sure sorry about this . Bu do not worry , I get plenty of insurance . jackal oh , do not worry about that . dave you sure ? jackal believe I , I be sure . something in he manner tell Dave to drop it . he do . dave well God , thanks . the jackal wave he away , get back in he van . dave : guess I ought to be more careful . I could have be kill . pull in on the jackal as he smile , start nis engine : jackal yeah , you sure could have . int . south CAROLINA mansion - day 118 pear in the suit . she though Jennifer 's home . the doorbell ring . Jennifer foyer , look cool and elegant in a white li open the door . the jackal step into the doo : try to cover , she expression register sho ( continued ! o 118 119 120 121 of 4 continued : . 118 jackal you look surprised . you husband 's still away , be not he ? jennifer '' what be you do here ? gackal . what d' you think , I come to see you . ( step closer , turn earnest ) I be sorry , I just ... I have to . int . jennifer' bedroom - night 119 the jackal doze in bed . Jennifer lie next to he , bite she lip . she slip out of bed and oull on a cress gown . int . hallway phone NOOK - night 120 Preston 's card in hand , Jennifer start to di return the card to she purse . it simply betray someone ... she turn around . the Jack 1 , then stop , noc in she to stand there , eyebrow raise innocently . both attempt playlul banter . jackal couldn ' : sleep ... who ya callin ' ? jennifer : nobody ... look , I will be right in , = just 's have to make a quick call . jackal not another man ? I could not bear that . jennifer never mind , nosy . : jackal nosy ? me? jennifer come on ... jackal aw , Jennifer ... ( mock -wound ) we first fight . int . bathroom - night , 121 the light flick on . the jackal study him mirror , open he shave kit . Inside be of hair dye . find a glass , he start mixi che color ... 122 123 124 int . jennifer' garage - night 122 the minivan be park next to Jennifer 's white Range Rover . stripped to the waist , head wrap in a scarf , the jackal pound out the leave rear panel of the van . he 's obvious ] be work hard . he take the assemble gun - mount and ro it in place , use pressure clamp to secure it fit snugly across the width of the van . put he shirt bacx on , he get behind the wheel and back out int . situation room - morning 123 Preston walk over to where declan and valentina be hudle over slaschev 's black book . declan look up : declan valentina 's translate slaschev 's slack book . lot about terek 's operation in the US but so far the only thing about the jackal be this number and -- just then witherspoon dash into the room frem the corridor witherspoon Jennifer strasser 's be murder . last night . the Fire Department find she body on the second floor . somebody try to burn she house down . preston I want to be in the air and on the way to - Charleston in 15 minute . witherspoon you get to go to quantico at 13:30 ts check security on the director , remexber ? preston oh , right , I forget that 's today . da=n ... ( to valentina ) handle it for I , will you ? the director would as soon have you anyway . you can join we when you get do . valentina all right . ext . car ferry ~- day 124 push water before its blunt bow , the ferry chug serenely north . the jackal sit against the railing , p ico sound ( continued ) o * 124 125 126 127 86 . continued : 124 and the low island of the outer bank sparkling in the crisp morning sunlight ... ext . jennifer' mansion , charleston - day ~ 125 Fire truck and ambulance be park all around . the garage have burn but the house be partially intact . int . upstair hallway - day 126 Police personnel bustle back and forth . Preston and declan stand by the phone nook under which the tape outline of body be clearly visible . a criminalist hand Preston a set of fingerprint card . criminalist bed and hall , same print as the hotel . declan then it be he . head north now . Jennifer 's purse and its bag - and - tag content be laid out on the wall - desk . declan pick up Preston 's card . declan what about this ? criminalist that be in she purse . his print be not on it . in fact the purse be untouched . preston so he probably do not even know about it . then why do he kill she ? declan he say something , something about money ... and take care of odd and end . I think he 's gettin ' so much money for this job it will be he last -- so to ensure a happy retirement , he 's tie up all the loose end , meaning anyone who 's ever even see he , regardless , just killin ' ... everyone . preston Jesus ... int . situation room - dusk 127 valentina enter , exhaust . witherspoon and mcmurphy smile . ( continued ) cx 127 128 87 . continued : 127 witherspoon how be security on the director ? valentina 75,000 Marines to protect one man and it be my job to make sure of every single one of they . what about Preston ? witherspoon still in Charleston . look like it be jackal all right . valentina then he 's go North now . witherspoon ( nod ) North Carolina and Virginia State Police be set up roadblock on 95 . valentina ( go to map ) then to get here , he must pass by norfolk ... wait a moment , that mean he will be very near -- suddenly alert , she pick up the phone and .. ext . highway rest area - evening 128 Road flare sputter , lining the interstate , and traffic have slowed to a crawl . a burly state trooper direct a pass into the rest area , the parking lot of which be fill with minivan -- it look like every minivan in Virginia be be stop . declan and Preston sit against the fender of a police cruiser , watch as state troopers search vehicle and interview driver . the portable cellular phone in Preston 's coat warble . he flip it open and answer . preston Preston ... what ? {to declan ) valentina 's evacuate isabella and she family in case jackal know where she be . declan bit of a long shot . still , I should have think of that ... preston ( bark into phone ) get I a helicopter ... 129 130 131 132 of oe ext . decker house - night 129 government car be park in front of isabella 's house . int . family room , decker house - night 130 isabella 's 4 - year - old boy run through the room , drag a big teddy bear behind he as he father 's call from o.s . decker' voice georgie , where be you ? we gotta go . the boy rush out , the bear knock a phone off its hook ... int . front hall , live room - night 131 holding a little hand in each of he , decker lead he 2 child , both dress for a trip , out the door , escort by several armed FBI agent . meanwhile mcmurphy and witherspoon close window , etc . while the woman talk int live room . valentina we will close everything and make sure you house be secure after you leave . this be all only a precaution for a short while until we get this man . isabella you really think you will find he ? because you will not , believe I . you valentina it 's we job to try . isabella and waste you time and maybe die ? for nothing ? no. leave he to declan . declan know what to do . valentina I begin this . I have to do what I can . now please . get you family away . isabella declan never listen either . isabella duck out the door ... int . helicopter - night 132 Preston and declan be in a Virginia state police helicopter thunder north at 150 knot , both on cellular phone . declan be try isabella 's house , but : ( continued ) '' vey 132 continued : . 132 declan can not get through for some reason . preston ( finish on phone ) do not matter . isabella and she far be out of there . valentina and the twin be just lock up . all a waste of time anyway . Hell , the director do not even know where isabella life , I order witherspoon to keep she ouz of the report . no way jackal could know . declan yeah , suppose you be right . but we leaky Russian sure pass everything else to he . here , look ... ( take out slaschev 's book ) that 's you phone number , that 's the number of my hotel , valya 's ... preston ( take book ) let I see that . declan ( point to number } wish I know what this be . preston that first one 's the number of the Russian embassy . slaschev must have need it to stay in touch with we leak . declan ( point to 2nd number ) what about this one ? I try dial it every way I could think but -- preston that 's not a phone number , that 's a computer access code ... nlook again , react ) Son of a bitch , that 's a FBI access code ! no wonder he be always one jurmp -- a pause as a dreadful possibility come to both at once : declan you do not think ... Preston instantly start dial . moment later : S ( continued ) will oo 132 continued : 132 operator ( v.o. ) '' f.bli . " '@ preston this be special agent Hamilton Preston -- my authorization number be 223578 - kilo . I need a voice transcription of field report November Alpha from 9 - 12 this year , agent filing , witherspoon , timothy I . and I be in a hurry , Operator ... operator { v.0o . ) " stand by ... " a series of beep and trill , then a monotone computer voice : computer voice ( v.0o . ) " field report November Alpha , file 09:00 hour , special agent witherspcon , timothy I ... " preston scroll ... computer voice ( v.o. ) " ... to perform interview of subject Zancona , isabella M. at subject 's private residence , 9 - 4-3-0 Terrace View drive ; phoebius , Virginia ... " . preston witherspoon , you by -the-book asshole -- declan ( grab he arm ) call the local police .. tell they to send every man they have . valya 's still there with you lad ! preston good God ... ' Preston jump on he radio as .. 133 . int . isabella's house - night 133 all be quiet . the interior house light be on . finish lock up in the front , valentina go to the stair . mcmurphy appear at the top . mcmurphy just gonna check the bath . two second . 's '' 133 134 135 will rae continued : 133 she nod , go to the rear and into the kitchen . valentina witherspoon ? the kitchen be empty and the back door gape OPEN . int . / ext . back yard / house - night 134 a little wary , valentina step out onto the back porch , whisper : valentina witherspoon ... nothing . she move slowly into the yard toward the garage ... suddenly a black shape step in front of she . she gasp and jump back , reach for she gun : voice please do not shoot I . witherspoon move into the light with 2 empty trash can . witherspoon just take out the garbage . he shrug . she relax , put away she gun anc smile ... but behind she , unseen by either , another black shape drift through the darkness toward the open kitchen door ... witherspoon dump the can by the porch , pick up another . witherspoon one more trip . valentina well hurry , we will meet you at the front . he nod as she walk back to the porch and return inside ... back in the house 135 she step back into the front hall where mcmurphy be jusct come down the stair . mcmurphy all do . where 's witherspoon ? ( continued ) 135 136 '' tw continued : 135 valentina in the back yard . take out trash . mcmurphy man , that boy take he job real -- suddenly , from out in the back yard , a radic 3 last on a= full volume -- evidently tune to a oldy 's i 's " 96 tear " . mcmurphy and valentina stiffen , i gun and shouting over the din : mcmurphy what the hell 's that ? valentina it 's come from the back ! come on ! she rush back toward the rear and into the mcmurphy start down after she but suddenly «= hear a muffle whirring like a pneumatic drill and the stair explode into splinter and fly chunks of wsod as 20 bullet smash up through mcmurphy 's shoe ané lower leg , the sound drown out by the music . yowling in pain , mcmurphy tumble down the stair ... back yard the music still play , louder now , as vale onto the back porch , pistol at the ready . a witherspoon search the yard frantically , gun in hand . step out valentina where be it come from ? witherspoon I do not know ... back in house 136 mcmurphy lie at the bottom of the stair , shkcz to piece and shouting : mcmurphy stairway ! stairway ! mcmurphy 's warning be lose in the blast of t closet door under the stair kick open and out , ramming home a fresh magazine on a sile submachine gun . mcmurphy keep shouting as t walk over and step down on he throat , shov of he gun into mcmurphy 's open mouth and FI '' 137 93. back yard 137 look around , valentina suddenly point to the edge of the rear deck where a clock - radio / alarm clock lie in the grass , plugge into a outside outlet . rushing to ic , they pu the plug and everything abruptly return to silence . witherspoon what on earth ... who put -- valentina it be set to go off two minute ago . ( look up ) mcmurphy ! come , stay close ... back in house they enter the kitchen , pistol hold in front of they , cautiously clear the room . witherspoon go to the dining room entrance , cover valentina while she move through , then follow . they look into the live roon -- table , chair , sofa - - everything normal ... turn to the front hall , suddenly both jump as " 96 tear " start again , this time at a deafen 20 - plus decibel on the live room stereo . valentina turn to witherspoon , shouting at the top of she lung : : . valentina run ! go now ! get -- she flinch as something spray into she face ... witherspoon 's jaw work up and down spasmodically , a rage hole in he temple , jerk and fire he ' gun into the floor with a involuntary motion . a second bullet hit hom from the live room and the side of he head explode ... again valentina flinch , spray with blood as witherspoon drop dead on the floor . she dive into the nearby live room , firing she pistol toward the bullet 's apparent source near the still - blaring stereo as she roll to cover bet the sofa , gasp ... her heart leaping , struggle to keep hold of . herself , valentina bite back she fear and jump up , look aro the room for a instant and firing 1- 2-3- 4 - 5 - 6 time , spraying the live room before ducking back down . with everything else go on , the music be truly madden quickly jump up again , she fire 2 quick shot into stereo , silencing it as she drop back to the carpet . $ lie there a moment , catch she breath as ... 137 138 94 . continued : 137 now , as if in a nightmare , the jackal 's head appear above she , lean over the top of the sofa -- he 's be lie there all the time . she look up and she eye widen . he smile . jackal they always go for the sofa . it 's the biggest thing in the room . one silence thud and the back of the sofa rip open . groan and double up with a slug in she abdomen . quickly rise , the jackal kick the gun from she hand , then p she up and carry she to the sofa , lay she out on he take two of she finger and press they into the wound . jackal Press down hard . it will slow the bleed . she 's in excruciate pain , mutter in Russian . he dab he finger into the blood from she wound and show it to she . jackal see ? it 's almost black . means the bullet 's in you liver . you will be dead in twenty minute . if the pain . get to be too much , take you finger away and you will be dead in five . either 's way you be go out . valentina 's eye be on the jackal 's , defiant to the er valentina '' you think yourself a man , but you could not bring fire from a furnace . that 's why you kill . jackal yeah , and if you have a dick you would be dangerous , scarface . do I a favor before you go ... he lean down close and hiss into she ear : jackal tell declan he can not protect he woman . ext . isabella's house - day 138 light flash , a Virginia state police cruiser careen off the road and up onto the front yard . ambulance have arrive along with local police . Preston and declan tux out and run toward the house ... of 139 re we int . live room - night 139 chest heaving and flutter involuntarily , valentina lie in the middle of the live room floor , the paramedics cluster around she work feverishly to kesp she alive . she lift she head slightly as declan enter . he gasp , see in a instant there 's no hope , and rush to she . declan valya ! valentina declan ... I try ... protect isabella -- declan please , valya ... do not talk . valentina grab he hand . she 's hold out on sheer will . valentina my word make he angry ... say tell you ... say you can not protect you woman ... from he . declan what ? a paramedic bend down , prepare a hypodermic needle : paramedic let 's try 20 CC 's of epenephrine ... ( to declan} please , move back and let we work ... declan move back . valentina groan miserabiy , anguish at know she 's about to die among stranger . clan suddenly explode , hurl the paramedics back , clear they away . declan get away from she ! leave she alone ! a policeman move to intervene but Preston stco he . the paramedics back off . declan take valentina in he arm , declan valya , can you hear I ? she nod . he speak softly in she ear . declan it 's only we here , you and I . do understand ? just we two , together ... ( continued ) 139 140 141 '' ov continued : , 139 she nod again and for a moment time seem to stand still as he lift she and press close , run a hand through she hair . then he kiss she , tenderly , deeply , with a lover 's ardor , romantic and powerful , a magnificent kiss . she sigh , tenderly grateful for this steal moment of beauty . then , tear welling up in she loving eye , she breathes she last breath into he ... declan lower she body back down . lying there in death , pale as alabaster with the color drain from she , the lividness of she scar fade to almost nothing and we see she as she might have look , rare , sensitive - - and unutterably beautiful . close he eye and hang he head , declan begin to weep ... ext . isabella's house - later 140 isabella return , make she way past cop and FBI agent to the live room as ambulance attendant haul away the body , spot declan stand in a corner with Preston . he have know much grief in he life , but at this moment he seem utterly inconsolable . Preston fade away as she appear at declan 's side , put she arm around he . isabella she say it be she job . I say she be a fool . but if it be not for she , that would be I and my baby lie there . ( pause , shake head ) they be place we into Witness Protection . they say there 's too much chance of my real identity get out . declan yes , that 's good ... I be sorry , isabella . isabella so be I . for all of this . such a woman ... declan nod , look down at he hand . surreptitiously , isabella pull he over to the fireplace , reach up into the chimney , and retrieve a 14 - shot brown 'mm automatic pistol hide there , wrap in plastic . she hold it out . he look at it , the she . she look he right in the eye . isabella it can not all be for nothing . int . law office - day 141 a corner office of a high - power Washington firm . Douglas , the gentleman from the gay bar , work through he daily agenda as a law clerk stick she head into the office . ( continued ) o 141 142 143 144 continued : ° 141 law clerk you have a call on 6 . douglas ( pick up phone ) hello ? jackal ( v.o. ) it 's walter . douglas walter ! my God ! ext . phone booth - day 142 : the jackal lean aganst a pay phone . he smile , narrow eye . jackal I tell you I would call . ext . hunting lodge - quantico - day 143 Marine recon team patrol the grounds in the b.g. while a pair of burly FBI agent stand on the lodge 's zorch in full battle gear , nervously vigilant , one with a m - 16 , the other cradling the impressive bulk of m - 60 light machine gun ... int . hunting lodge : -' day . 144 the work group be gather around a dining room table , augment by a seal team commander and a gre beret colonel . at the table 's end , Preston look 1 hell while the Green beret stand in front of a map , p er in hand . GREEN beret colonel follow a low light helicopter insertion , a team could infiltrate the weapon to a point here cover the northern approach and Route one. this weapon have anything near the and cyclic rate you be advertising , it could engage any ground vehicle or aircraft approach the base . preston he do not have a helicopter or a to help he set up . he 's alone . brown ( stand , check map , sigh ) ' what do you say , mulqueen ? ( continued ) '' 144 145 98 . continued : 144 declan might as well face it -- there 's only one option leave and it stink . the only way he can make the kill and escape be from a distance . so we make sure you be always indoors with a cordon of human body around you and wait the bastard out . that 's it , no capture , no justice , nothin ' , just wait till he timetable run out . preston God ... Preston stand suddenly and walk out . the other exchange horrify look , digest declan 's word ... ext . forest , quantico - day 145 the forest grounds around the hunt lodge . Preston stand in the middle of a oak grove , lean dejectedly against a broad trunk as declan walk up . ke can tell ata glance something be very wrong . declan what be it ? preston nothing , it 's just -- all this , it 's wrong , . it 's just flat wrong . I want to do something , I ... nface he ) you know , the way you handle it . when valentina , when she ... it be so , it be beautiful , it be so ... gallant . ' and that 's good because you ... but what about I ? what about I ? I mean ... I love she too . Preston begin to tear-up . it 's so utterly unlike he that declan 's entire attitude toward he instantly change . declan oh , da’ ... preston and the thing be , I just can not stop think that if I would just trust you and give you that God damn gun when you .ask for it , the jackal would be dead now and valentina ... ( continued ) 145 146 147 148 99 . continued : 145 declan no , Da ' . do not do that to yourseil : . preston I can not help it . Preston turn away , hit the tree trunk . declan put a gentle hand on he shoulder . declan listen , you think you make a misc someday I will give you my list of only . you will cry youfey out . Preston nod , attempt a smile , and touch he hand ... ext . douglasss house - night 146 a jaguar convertible pull into the drive of a neat suburban home . Douglas alight and move up the walk . int . douglasss house - night 147 key rattle and the front door open . Douglas walk into the foyer . jackal 's black shoulder bag sit on a chair nearz , . '' douglas hey , I be home ! I see you find the key all right . no answer . a tv news broadcast drone from 2 portable the kitchen - where shopping bag and take - ouz chinese of pile on the counter . Douglas peex into the bag ~ - the : blue uniform , a black police pistol belt and nandcuff . douglas walter ? where be you ? jackal ( 0.s. ) the garage . the door lead down into the garage be sl turn off the tv , Douglas step down into zno garage . int . garage 148 the minivan be park inside with the gun ani mount fu assemble in the rear compartment . the jac rear gate as Douglas enter . he look dif douglas do you dye you hair ? ( continuz3 ) @ 148 149 continued : 148 jackal you like it ? douglas I guess so ... the jackal walk right past Douglas and into the kitchen without a handshake , kiss - - or even a hello . a little miff , Douglas follow back into the kitchen where the jackal turn the tv back on . a weather report be just end . he open a carton of the take - out food , sit down at the kitchen table . jackal you like Korean food ? dig in . douglas I think we be go out . jackal maybe later . douglas so ... look like you do some shopping . jackal do you look in that bag ?. douglas hope I do not spoil a surprise . jackal hmm ... no , you do not . the jackal draw he pistol and fire one silenced shot into Douglas 's head . he tumble back into the refrigerator , slumping to the tile . the jackal put the pistol down on the table and thumb a remote control -- the tv volume increase . . anchor woman '' recapping tonight 's top story , police ask for you help to locate this man ... '' the screen flash the hayslip picture . Hair now dyed and clipped , the jackal look very little like the photo . int . douglasss kitchen - early morning 149 the jackal unwrap the cellophane from a small gray tab of cordite , pop it in he mouth and chase it down with a sip of coffee . he take a small battery - operate tv set from he duffel bag and connect 2 coaxial cable , screwing they into a small black.box . he next open the back of Jennifer 's garage door opener , plugging 2 thin wire into it , connect it to the r/c unit he use to test the gun ... o 150 151 152 153 154 int , douglasss garage ~- early morning in everything load in the duffel bag , the jac : dressec a mechanic 's jumpsuit under a windbreaker , .. into he van . suddenly get violently ill , he lean out and vomit heavily . feature bloat and gray , he look chastly -- so ghastly in fact , that with he dyed hair he could easily pass for 20 year older . ext . WASHINGTON STREET - early morning street , be el bag oz no permit he irror . he the jackal park the van on a Silver Hill sic gate point downhill . he reach into the seat next to he and remove the resident pa : steal earlier , hang it from the rearview m gather up the duffel bag and lock the car . ext , alleyway - day the jackal move down a dirty alley . make he take off he windbreaker and jump suit - the uniform of a Washington , D.C. police of some pad in front , he open the duffel hat and gun belt and put they on . disguis jackal look to all the world like a paunchy , over - the-hill , '' hairbag " cop . gather up hi duffel bag , he walk out into the street ... , take out @ complete , iddle - age , tatter '' ext . hospital parking lot - day tes and the ice ting .up th police 1 it 's a hour before the grand open festivi speaker 's podium be empty . police and secret officer be gather while worker finish 's line of chair in the parking lot . perfect uniform , the jackal approach from the str at the rooftop to right and leave where SEC marksmen be get set , the well - oile mar Washington security cranking up . the jackal 's a block down , 2 cop place a traffic barricad street while , radio crackling , cop car and pass , the security cordon be draw . the ab : a cop on the beat , no one even look twice at int . mess hall ( quantico ) - morning declan sit alone in the mess hall , watch Lady be on Larry King , smilng at he with the. eye of hers . declan smile fondly , remember declan cherish the lady ... ( continued ) 150 151 152 154 o 154 155 156 continued : 154 suddenly something click in he head ... int . hunting lodge - morning 155 declan face Preston with Brown and the other look on . declan Preston . we need a helicopter fast . the director be not the target , we be guard the wrong person . here , look ... declan show Preston a page 20 Washington Post item : " first lady to OPEN children' chemo unit . " pull in on declan and Preston until they facce fill the entire frame : declan : he 's after the first Lady . preston what ? declan it always bother I why he keep come . he know we could protect the director , especially once I be involved . but he do not abort , he kepz come -- that 's ' because we be guard the wrong person . it do not come together until I see she on television and remember : I can not protect my woman . that 's what he say to valya . she get he mad and he let it slip -- maybe on purpose , to tease we . you tell I . the kill have to be a statement , public and brutal . preston be not , he refer to isabella ? declan ostensibly , but he mean any woman , all woman , the woman . he 's not out to make a statement , he 's out to commit a obscenity , a obscenity against the entire country -- and kill the mother of America . int . park - day 156 the jackal be set up on the hillside in a small park with the battery - operate tv and r/c unit-garage opener on the grass in front of he , protect by some tree , only 40 yard from he van with a good view of the dais . he sit ( continued ) o 156 157 158 159 160 161 . take the podium . a career beaureaucrat if the : continued : 156 impassively as a spattering of polite applaus= drift from the hospital parking lot several hundred yard below ... ext . hospital parking lot - day 157 at the podium , crowded with dignitaries , a sp=zaxer be wind up she address . hulk secret service agent stand on the dais while some be mix in with the crowd of well - heele Washingtonian in the parking lot ... int . park - day 158 the jackal peer down through a pair of small dinocular , scan the dais , television camera and microphone abound , finally settling on the matronly , reassur form of the first lady ... ext . podium - day . 159 the speaker conclude ... speaker now it be my great pleasure to present the surgeon General of the United States , Mr. Richard B. Taylor ... hand patter as a man in a be-ribbone Admiral 's uniform be ever be one , the surgeon general bask in the tepid a unfold the 10 - page single - space text of hi surgeon general lady and gentleman , it 's my pleasure to 's chat with you today about the . importance of the family ... ext . helicopter - day 160 a Marine HH - 60 helicopter be fly at top speed toward Washington . int . helicopter . 161 ey , and ennehy be on Inside be Preston , declan , a agent name do three hrt type , posten , akashi , and johnson . the radio . he turn to Preston : dennehey she 's already on the dais . secret . service want to know what 's go on . {continued ) @ 161 162 163 164 continued : 161 preston tell they . declan no ! tell they to sweep the area but do not let they try to pull she off that podium . if they do that he will open will on the entire dais . with that gun , he can kill 200 people in 30 second . dennehy look appal , but he get back on the radio . preston if you be right , what 's he wait for ? declan the tv camera will go to a live hocx - up when she make she speech -- you can not get much more public and brutal than the first Lady be shot to jelly on live television . ext . park - day 162 the jackal see a patrol car drive slowly down the road toward he van . he leave he equipment and waik , brisk and - confident , to intercept the car , wave . a cop lean out . cop you get the word ? they be look for a green minivan . anything out of place . jackal only minivan around here be that yellow one . it 's get a local parking permit . I look it over . nothin 's . cop yeah , whole thing 's probably a " be safe than sorry " circle -jerk . see ya . 4 jackal give they a salute . the cop drive away . ext . over pennsylvania avenue - day 163 as the and fast over in the street below pedestrian look up and ga : Marine helicopter roar overhead , sweeping low downtown Washington ... int . helicopter - day 164 Inside the swat team hastily don armor , readying weapon . ( continued ) 164 continued : 164 dennehey secret service say the search come out negative . they be on alert , but she 's C ) go to the podium . guess it 's on we . preston ( to declan ) you will need a gun . a look pass between they as Preston give declan he beretta . Preston turn to dennehey who reluctantly hand he gun over to he . declan I will need a rifle too . Preston nod to Akashi who hand over he weapon -- the strangely shape , state - of - the-art psg - 1 . declan this some kind of modify G - 3 ? tell I about the optic . be a while since I have shot . akashi it 's a psg - 1 . get Zeiss , 6 by 42 telescopic , illuminate reticule . declan good. 400 meter ... what 's the maximum dispersion ? akashi eighty millimeter , sight graduate to six hundred . declan 's finger fly over the weapon , expertly checkin battery , safety , trigger shoe , and adjustable stock . heck the bolt and deftly thread a magazine into the with cranking the action and charge it , ready to fire . just then the co- pilot lean into the passenger compartment en he il , co- pilot ninety second out ! declan come in from the west , under the building line . preston that 's gonna take longer . ( cont : o 164 165 166 167 168 169 continued : declan he 's go to shoot with the sun at he back . if he see a big green helicopter ... he will cut she to piece . ext . park - day more applause drift from the ceremony . the jackal stand and stretch he arm , crack he knuckle and shaking out he hand . ext . podium - day the surgeon General wave he hand . surgeon general lady and gentleman , the first Lady of the United States of America ... lot of applause . the first Lady step up to the podium and shake the Admiral 's hand . more applause as the two stand together , wave at the crowd ... ext . park - day eye cold as death , the jackal pick up the remote control . cradle the black box , he reach over and switch on the tv . first there be static . the jackal finger the remote 's ané ' the tv image stabilize . he put down the remote control box and lift the binocular : the first Lady step behind the podium , the applause continue . the admiration be genuine - - and just loud enough to drow out the sound of a helicopter approach fast ... ext . rooftop - day the chopper descend to a apartment rooftop near the hospital and declan , Preston , and dennehey jump out . cradle a Winchester model 700 , Akashi be the last man out . the helicopter roar away . Preston yell to declan . _ preston I be go for the first Lady ! you be clear hot on the weapon or shooter ! Preston and dennehey shove through a door and down the stair . declan and Akashi go to the roof 's edge and swing they weapon over . the podium and crowd be directly below . ext . park the jackal finger the garage door opener and -- 164 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 172 173 174 175 176 177 107 . ext . WASHINGTON STREET - day 170 the rear gate to the minivan pop OPEN and glide up , the gun and mount protrude from the back hatch , a picture of absolute menace ... ext . park - day 1721 the jackal move the joystick . on the tv screen the hospitei and the parking lot lurch into view ... int . minivan - day 172 Motors whirr , gear turn , answer remote command , the gun pan and train , the 1000 mm lens go to maximum zoom ... ext . behind the podium - day 173 Preston and dennehey shove through the crowd . Preston flash he credential to a secret service agent . the aagenz and Preston run for the podium , dennehey hot after they ... ext . park - day 174 the jackal finger a switch and on the tv the crowd . be now visible ... then the dais ... the image finally settling on the first Lady ... . ext , rooftop - day lo . 175 declan scan with the rifle . from the sniper scope 's Pov we see window and rooftop , all empty ... Eye press to the scope of he rifle , declan continue to search . spot a subway station entrance , it suddenly register : . : declan ah , that 's how he plan to get out ... oturn to Akashi ) give I that cellular ... Akashi hand he the cellular phone . declan.start dial ... ext . park - day 176 the first Lady 's face fill the ty screen . ' the jackal toggle a switch on the remote control box ... int . minivan - day 177 the gun whirs and growls --a 100 round belt of armor-piercing shell grind up a flexible feed tray and into the breech of the weapon . with a startling crack , the bolt am forward and now the zsu - 33 cannon be in - battery , ready 178 179 180 181 i oo will ext . park - day 178 the jackal fiddle with the control . get a perfect one - shot of the first Lady on the tv screen ... ext . rooftop - day 179 peer into he scope , declan stop pan -- he 's find what he 's look for . declan Green minivan on the hillside by the grove of tree . eleven o'clock , across the parkway . see it ? akashi hang on , eleven o'clock ... Akashi look where he 's tell , strain to find the target . through he scope , the minivan be park almost 1500 yard away . the rear door be open and the evil barrel of the cannon show plainly . suddenly spot it , Akashi recoil . akasht jesus ... declan bring he hand up to the stock of the weapon and let out a long breath . declan Range it ... Akashi hit a button on he rifle scope . the distance be impossible . akashi fourteen seventy - five ... good God , that 's fifteen hundred meter ... declan cross himself and lift he hand to the trigger - guard of he rifle ... ext . park - day 180 eye fix on the tv screen , the jackal shift the remote control unit in he lap and lift the cover on the red switch , he finger inching toward - : cthe fire lever .. on the roof 181 declan fire first -- as the report of he weapon roll over the crowd , people scream , secret service Agents draw uzis ... 182 183 184 185 186 187 188 189 ... continue to fire , jerk the joystick be int . minivan ~- day 182 bullseye ! declan 's bullet smashes right through the camera -- rip it from the gun mount . int . apartment - day . 183 he tv of the fire the jackal hear the shot -- in the same instant screen wipe to static . he slam he finger button . shoot blind , the gun open up . in the minivan 184 the cannon rip off a 100 round burst with a scream report , FIRE gushing from the muzzle , brass and link clatter from the tailgate --a solid line of tracers be on its way to the hospital at four time the speed of sound ... on the podium 185 she with he ke stuttering high and Preston drive toward the first Lady , coveri body ene tackle she to the carpet . a sound thunder roll over the scene as the gunfire h off to the side ... the jackal ... : 186 t and leave , hose the front of the hospital ... ext . rooftop - day . 187 declan drop he rifle and bolt to he foot : declan I be go after the jackal . take ou : the van . he rush off . Akashi get to work , zeroing ext . podium - day 188 Chaos with 100 anti-aircraft shell strike che wall of the hospital , plaster , cinder - block , bunt , awming , brick , and glass all rip to shred , reduceé to powder , like a scene from sarajevo , the hospital 's facade riddled by dozen and dozen of explosion . the crowd panic ... on the carpet 189 Preston and two secret service agent shield < ha first Lady with they body . the barrage continue , chu : of steel and cement and splinter wood raining down ... 190 191 192 193 194 195 196 197 198 on the roof Akashi fire . his bullet slam into the right rear fender of the minivan . ext . minivan - day the vehicle be rock as gasoline spill from a puncture tank , the cannon still pump out fire and destruction ... on the roof Akashi fire again ... ext . minivan - day the next bullet ignite the gasoline --a blinding flash and a titanic concussion wave as the minivan be rip apart , gun and ammo consume in a deafen blast that shatter window up and down the street ... int . stairwell - day declan fly down the stair , practically leaping from landing to landing ... . ext . park - day resigned to leave the . rest of the equipment , the jackal carry the duffel bag toward the subway station . as he walk , he put he windbreaker back on , dump he policeman 's hat , belt , even the handcuffs ... ext . podium - day shout , confusion . Preston collapse as secrez service Agents bundle the first Lady off the platform . pull he hand away from he trousers -- he leg be tear by shrapnel . ext . crowd - day declan dodge through the crowd like a ballet dancer . then in the clear , he sprint flat out , know where he and the jackal be both go , shouting into the cellular phone : declan can you hear I ... I be head for the subway ... int . subway station - day the jackal enter , go down one of the long , szeep , polished steel escalator . reaching the turnstile , he even ' continued ) 190 191 192 193 194 195 196 197 198 198 199 continued : 198 have a subway card . enter the platform , he lust miss 4 train . meanwhile ... try to push he way down the escalator , desian get parz way , then leap up on the metal separator a : down head - first the rest of the way . he jum @ turnst to the platform , know he only have moment =a find the jackal before another train arrive . a train i> proach on the opposite track . people prepare to board ... suddenly declan see the jackal and draw P. : ton 's gun . jackal see he and dive into the crowd , sp ing across the platform . declan can not get a clear shot . train pass and he again start shouting into he shine ... the jackal leap into the train 's path . people scream . declan can not see that the jackal have clear =ne entire track and land on the other side as the train rush into the station . the jackal hit the ground hard , he duffel bag . it strike the third rail and in a arc of blue electric fire . the jackal ssring to he foot , draw he gun , and move back up the cunnel , shield from view by the still - pass train ... on the platform , all be chaos , the crowd buzzing - - " do you see that old guy ? " , '' Jesus , poor man ... " , etc . 3ut declan do not believe it and ' talk into he phone , drown he word as he run to the stair tunnel where he 's immediately envelop in int . the tunnel - day 199 off the platform , the subway system be a worid of stygian darkness illuminate by arcing electricity a : im light from distant train and far-off platform , de : from electric shock , a train 's wheel -- or the jac : - at every turn . declan move carefully . very carefully . the jackal come to a. crossing -- several set si track at right angle to the one he 's on . follow not he 's careful to avoid the third rail . preseni light of a train approaching -- a express goin . opposite direction . a glimpse c= irring he . declan . 's of ton of declan off - a littie on ... declan see the light in the distance , catchi=- jackal , sihouett in it , sight of the quarry the express be come hard , only a few foot blow by , the power be unbelievable , thous metal racing at 80 mph , the rush of air push balance and he just avoid touch the third shake , he wait for the train to pass then =. ( continued ) 112 . continued : . 199 spot the light of the next train station about a mile up the track , the jackal move quickly on ... declan rush forward , run hard , try to whisper he phone but : declan hello ... hello ... the tunnel be interfere with reception ... jackal hear he footstep and move into the narrow partition between the track , ducking behind a small supgort beam , ready to ambush declan ... declan continue down the track ... the jackal make out something in the darkness . but suddenly the light of another train appear , illuminate both declan and jackal ~ - they see each other at the same instant ... declan hit the dirt as jackal fire , just miss he . declan fire twice at the jackal before the train hurtle by . once again , a train be between they . see that declan can not follow , the jackal continue toward the distant of the next station at a dead run . on the other side of rush train , declan strain for a view of he enemy through the gap between car , not seeing that a third train bear down on he from behind , come fast , almost on top of he ... 2 but just then a horn sound and declan look back . reali there 's no choice , he leap into the narrow space betwe : the 2 racing train . as if in a waking nightmare , declan stand in the barely 2 - foot corridor between this behemoth , the suction ripr the air from he lung as he 's graze on either side a harrowingly buffete about like a pinball , about to be pull under when he drop down and hug the ground untii both pass and he gasp out a sigh of profound relief : declan fuck ... take a few deep breath , he get up , resume the chase . running hard and gasp for each breath , we see the fir : hint of a crack in the jackal 's cool - - he keep look zack because ... declan keep come and come hard , determine , implacz . he either get the jackal now or die try . ( continuzs ) 199 continued : 199 tform ... jackal be close to the access stair to the see the jackal in the dark about a 100 yaré ahead , declan stop , take aim , and fire 1-2-3-4-5-4- 7 - 8 shot ... bullet whiz by the jackal - - one striking he in the calf . go down . touch he wound and see the biood , the jackal can not believe he eye . he turn and fire at declan . but declan keep come , oblivious to the bullet missing he by millimeters ... the jackal scramble up the stair - - he can not move quite as quickly as before . he step onto the platform . see the bleed , armed gunman , the passengers panic , scream and flee in all direction . the jackal sneer have nothing but contempt for this creature . a transit PC up , draw he weapon . almost casually , the blow he brain out , at the same time snagging a terrify 13 - year -old girl by the hair and 4 along ... declan hear the gunshot and hurry up the stairway to the platform ... in the middle of the platform there 's a newsstand with a seven - foot model of the Washington monument ii the jackal take up a’position behind this ed crouching down behind the sobbing girl and wa off declan as he emerge from the stairway - - or next train , whichever opportunity present its dripping with sweat and panting , declan cauticusly ascend the stair , hearing the rumble of a approach train -- the jackal 's escape be second away . reaching the top , declan rush onto the platform , about to fire when spot the girl hostage 's little form tremble by the newsstand with 2 pistol at she temple . declan duck behind a 's 1 girder at the platform 's edge . the train be get clos jackal " train come , declan . Nice of you to see I off . on he he no the declan do not answer , bang he cellular p : to clear away static ... jackal can not see he = girder but ‘he know he 's there . jackal _ when this train arrive , first I will 27 : this fine young person , then I think I will just shoot the first , oh , five six passenger I see . what do you t ( continued ) h pb 199 continued : 199 declan still do not answer . the jackal jab the gun muzzie hard into the side of the girl 's head . she scream . C ) jackal on second think , maybe I will just pop the noisy little whore right now . the girl let out a wail sob . declan peek out at she ... declan 's eye ... the little girl 's eye ... declan take a deep breath . declan no , do not do that . jackal then throw out you gun and come we . I promise to leave you both in peace once the train get here . declan ah , bugger it ... here ... the jackal see a checkmate as declan throw out he pistol and step out , hand up . the jackal stand , move over to declan , push the girl ahead of he , gun - muzzle still at she temple . . jackal very noble , you do this to sav innocent . ' course I be still gonna 1 she - - loose end , you know - - do not really think I would not , do you ? declan no , but so long as there be a chance ... jackal speak of loose end , you turn come next . declan my turn ? now wait , you do not ... do what you want to the rest , but I just with go home . please . do not do this to xs ... sweat pour off he in sheet now , declan szart tremble . the jackal can not believe he eye . ( continued ) 199 rm han with continued : . 199 jackal oh , no , do not tell I ... declan please , I will do anything , just let I go home ! please ... declan sob , sink to he knee and clasp he hand in in front of he , begging . the jackal sneer , revolt . jackal so when it come down to it , you show punk . well just for that , you die first ! the jackal take the gun muzzle away from the girl 's head and point it at declan instead . suddenly dead calm : declan I know you would do that ... ( shout ) he's clear ! now ... and in the next instant , a black something move out of the turnstile in a blur , a voice shrieking like a harpy just as a gunshot - ring out : . voice ca-bron ... the jackal 's neck burst into red mist . he fire reflexively as he fall , hit declan in the shoulder while the little girl run to safety . the jackal look up to see isabella bear down on he with she brown automatic train on he head , cellular phone in the other hand , dress all in funereal black , fearsome and tremendous , dark eve flash like the sword of justice . isabella cabron ... the jackal fumble for he gun but declan leap to he foot and kick it away from he . the jackal sit up , look at declan in the most utter disbelief , doubting he very sense , eye say , '' a woman ? " , follow by he voice : jackal this can not be happen ... declan it 's over . send he to hell . declan nod coldly to isabella . she put the brewn to the jackal 's forehead , the wrath of the fury in she voice as : {continued ) '' 199 200 201 rarr hae on ie u '' continued : isabella muerete ! she fire . the jackal slump to the floor , dead . she put the gun and phone into she coat , take off she scarf and wrapping it around he wound , hand tremble . isabella here ... he touch she hand to stop its tremble , then : declan come , we have gotta get you out of here . he pull she toward the turntile and they both disappear up the stair to the street above as ... int . charle calthrop' house - day 230 FBI car and a move - van be park out front while federal agent tag and box calthrop 's possession . carry a suitcase , a lean , middle - aged man step through the front door . see the box and the FBI jacket , he 's explode . man - what the hell be go on ?! . FBI agent who be you ? man calthrop ... Charles calthrop ... that 's my goddamn furniture you be put on that goddamn truck . the FBI man exchange non-pluss open - mouth take . FBI agent uh ... I think you better come downtown with we , Mr. calthrop . man goddamn right I will ... ext . potter' field - day file in hand , Brown and a aide stand with Preston and declan , watch as a stainless steel coffin be iower into a unmark grave . Preston be on a set of crutch , declan 's arm be bandage and in a sling . ( continued ) '' 201 rarr with '' I continued : . 201 brown there 's no question that the jackal masquerade as a american . he also pose as a canadian , and a argenti the simple end to this matter be ... well , since he be not calthrop , we do not really know what nationality he be . that be the case ... ( hand the file to aide ) burn bag . I . the aide walk to Brown 's limo . Brown turn to declan , shaking he hand : brown thank you , Mr. mulqueen . sorry they do not give you you pardon . the british foreign office hear about it and lodge a complaint . you will get minimum security . it will be like a country club , who know , probably have a Congressman for a roommate . declan yeah , well ... you be welcome anyway . brown ( turn to Preston ) and well do , Preston . on Monday we will talk about whether you want to go back to Russia or not . preston I insist on go back , sir . I be stay . there until terek murad 's either rotting in prison or the grave . brown all right , then godspeed ... Brown duck into he limo and it drive off . worker shovel dirt into the blank grave as Preston and declan walk to Preston 's car . preston who the hell be he ? guess we will never know . declan we know all we need to know . he be foul . he 's dead . nothing more matter ( continued ) id , 201 continued : 201 preston well , then we be lucky , I guess . C ) declan that 's lucky ? bloody tragedy ... both shrug sadly as they arrive at Preston 's car . preston what about isabella ? declan back safe with she family . for good . preston I know about the key she give you . I know you could have use it to take off at any time . you do have one of that drop box like the jackal , do not you ? {as declan shrug ) do you read the paper today ? I be quite the hero because of you . the agent who save the first Lady . Hell , 1 could screw up everything else for the rest of my life and still be untouchable . declan that a fact then ? = : . preston go back to that drop box thing -- a operative with you experience ... with a clean passport ... and a wad of cash ... I bet if you would take off we would never have find you . . Preston look past the gate of the cemetery -- there 's a . little coffee shop across the street . preston do you drink coffee ? no , that 's right , they drink tea in Ireland . hey , do you mind , I think I will ask across the street , see if they have any . tea I mean . be back in ... 30 minute ? or a hour ? maybe two hour ? that okay ? declan smile . Preston take he hand . preston ' thanks , kid . thanks for everything . ( continued ) 201 continued : 201 declan on no , Da ' , thank you . cp Preston squeeze he hand , genuinely surpri preston you mean that ? declan if it have not be for you I never would have meet she . va-len-ti-na ... preston yeah , she be ... oh , God , how do = say it ? she be ... declan too much woman for the like of we . with emotioz . ay . he watch street into th , pull Preston nod . both man be about to brim of declan hit Preston 's shoulder , send he Preston limp from the cemetery and across to the coffee shop . then declan take a deep b : he collar up against the cold , and walk awe the end