th part 1 : Flight Edward norton first draft 05-13-07 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library we have only to follow the thread of the hero path , and where we have think to find a abomination , we shall find a God ... and where we have think to be alone , we will be with all the world . Joseph Campbell script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library black : the SOUND of cold wind ext . deck of a ice - breaking tug boat - arctic sea - day a batter old rescue tug churn north through break pack ice . a man stand in the prow stare at the world of ice . a wasteland . he signal up to captain . the boat slow to a halt . the man shoulder a small pack . he climb over onto a ladder and descend onto the freeze edge of the pack ice . he turn he back on the boat and start walk toward the distant shore . the captain stare at the recede figure , expressionless . he push the throttle forward and the boat move on . ext . glacier edge - day small in the frame the man trudge resolute toward nothing . the wind start to whip up . he climb through the maze of ice and rock to reach the plateau of the glacier . he stop and shrug off the pack , root around and take something out , we can not see what . he unzip the parka and put the object in he waist and zip up and set off again . incomprehensibly he leave the pack behind . ext . plateau of the glacier - day the man have be walk a long time . he stop and look around . ice. Mountains behind . the green-black of the sea out in front . not a human sign , no life at all . except ... a arctic fox , bury almost invisible , watch . the man look up at the aurora borealis - eerie dance sheet of green and purple flow across the sky . tighter on the man 's face : look up .. hollow out , haunt . memory _flash : a banshee shriek of sound . a image streak like a camera move on a slow shutter . a woman 's body on the ground , flame .. but we probably can not make it out . ext . glacier - day the man 's eye : wide open . anguish . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library he take off the parka and throw it away from he and it be take by the wind . he fall to he knee , much too expose now . he stare forward at nothing , gather he will . and now we see the gun in he waistband . his hand take it and point it down and into the snow but he stare ahead . his thumb pull the hammer back and the heartbeat start to race . from behind and to the side a bit : the dull pulse of a greenish glow in the base of he skull , beneath the edge of he cap . eye : flaring wide snap from blue to deep glowing GREEN . from behind he again : the hand with the gun jerk up - the fox in the snow : a flash of GREEN light on the white snow and a muffle report of a gunshot and the fox be go ... from a distance : the man , hard to make out the figure from this far away , hard to get a sense of scale .. still on the knee , head bent , fall forward now but he arm shoot out to catch he . the arm : close on the forearm as it hit the snow , hand outstretch . huge . muscled . GREEN . a click sound . metal on tooth .. the hand rise toward the face out of frame and the click stop . the hand lower , open . a massive flat palm with a bullet in it . smashed completely flat . a long beat with nothing but cold wind . ext . glacier shelf - day Wide : the cliff edge of the whole glacier shelf see from out in the water look back . in the wind : a SOUND . be that a distant roar ? a howl ? the wind take it away ... and then ... boom : a huge dull reverberation echoing and with it a huge piece of the glacier the size of a aircraft carrier cleave off the shelf and tumble roaring into the sea . a wave , the enormous tsunami ripple from the ice pound into the water .. we be at water level and it 's come toward we like a freight train and over we and we be ... ext . underwater - arctic sea - day inky green black of the freeze sea but explode into frame from above , massive chunks of greenish , white ice . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library plung down into the black , trail bubbles that fade ... and out of they ghostly greenish trace in the black : title : the incredible hulk fade up : title : five year later - porto verde , brazil ext . hill above a favela slum - morning bruce banner be run . up in the hill , past the fringe of the favela , he descend toward the chaos of house and street of the city , sprawle like a live organism , teeming with people . he slow to check something on he wrist : a pulse monitor it show : 90 low for somebody run hard . ext . favela STREET - morning Banner walk now , anonymous in the teeming street . nondescript . ext . STREET market - day Banner stop at a market stall and pick up a package . he open it and take out a book . if we see it we will see that it be a book of rare South american flowers . ext . shopfront - STREET market - day Banner greet a shop - owner he 's friendly with . the man have a computer that he let Banner use sometimes . banner get online and send a quick message : '' Mr. Blue : received you package . still look for my flower . Mr Green . '' ext . martial art studio - day banner enter a low building , a knapsack sling over he shoulder . int . aikido studio - day Banner and a instructor train by themselves . Banner practice deflect aggressive energy and attack without lose he composure . just as he instructor seem to be compliment he on a move and Banner relax , the instructor slap he , hard . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library it surprise he and he pulse beep up a bit ..over 80 . but he stay calm and nod , it 's a test they practice . the instructor nod and then slap he harder and shove he .. pulse peg up near 100 , Banner hold out a hand '' stop '' . he take a deep breath and calm himself . the instructor 's fingernail have scratch he cheek . a drop of blood ooze ... he feel it and immediately dab it with a cloth from he bag . then he pull out a tube of crazy glue and apply a little to the cut carefully . put the cloth in he bag . ext . bottling plant - morning - ( day later ) the massive ungainly bulk of a third World factory . banner enter it with a line of brazilian laborer . time have pass , he 's be work and bide he time . int . bottling plant —- changing room - day the rough locker room of the male worker . dirty wall , old crack floor naked bulb . Men pull glove and goggle out of locker , change shirt . banner be among they . four young tough guy be the most boisterous , one shove the other playfully , bumping banner slightly . they do not apologize but it do not matter because he literally do not even react . int . bottling plant - factory floor - day a enormous sprawling forest of machinery , steam pipe , conveyor belt ... all in a huge open floor with a high tin-roof ceiling . a catwalk run around the perimeter up above and across to the top of certain of the biggest machine . banner work in the soda bottle plant . his job be rudimentary , carry supplies of bottle cap or bottle to the worker who man the massive conveyor belt of bottle move through the process : guarana soda flow in from massive tank , cap be seal on , label be apply : '' brmazona - with guarana kick ! '' a pretty young woman smile at banner as he deliver to she and he smile back but keep move , distant . ext . bottling plant - delivery bay - day break time . see from a distance , banner be by the truck delivery bay talk to a supply driver , a indian from the interior . we can not hear what they be say with the noise all around . the driver have something wrap in a tie - up leaf ... he open it to show Banner ... we can not see it very well , maybe a flash of white script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library but it seem to excite Banner . he have he book ... it 's more wear than when he first receive it ... he open to a mark page ... compare something in the book to what 's in the driver 's leaf . he look up with a hint of a smile and nod . he take out money to pay the guy ... he seem to be ask if the driver have more ... but the guy shake he head . int . bottling plant - day back at work : the manager have a problem with the machine that fill the soda from above the bottle ; he come to Banner and we can see that Banner speak a little rough portuguese . Banner work on a machine , open the back of one of that '' on / off button '' box , fix fray wire . the bottle flow beneath he on the conveyor belt . the manager like he , but can not figure he out . he smile . manager ( portuguese ) I keep tell you ... let I put you on payroll . I can pay you what you be worth ! Banner look up and smile and shake he head and in do so he cut he hand . c.u . - two drop of blood : fall toward the move bottle . banner : see this ... sudden intensity , tracking it .. he must find where the blood go . track the bottle he think be under he with he eye ... locked on they . he jump down and start move along with the belt , try hard to track they , yelling at he friend the manager to stop the belt ... the belt stop . banner move along it searching . and he find it : a blood spot on the conveyor belt . relief . he wipe it off carefully . not notice ... another bottle , with drop of blood drip just inside the glass lip , down into the soda . he signal '' okay '' and the belt start up again . banner : take out the crazy glue again . apply some to the cut on the edge of he hand . the manager : laugh and shake he head . this guy be unique . ext . banner 's apartment build - establishing - evening a rough and tumble 3 or 4 story affair , one of the few block apartment building in the tin roof sprawl of the favela . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library int . banner 's apartment —- evening we can see the detail of he essential life , he work , the stray dog he feed . oblique detail like rope tie to jam of kitchen window and coiled neatly on counter . a styrofoam head with a wig of dark hair and a baseball cap on it . we notice this thing without emphasize they . a low bed in the corner against a wall . not much else . he 's live like a monk . banner be enter , eager to get to work ... he sit at he roughly fashioned worktable . on it seem to be he only possession of note : row of various SMALL glass bottle with liquid in they , neatly self - label and arrange in row . one decent looking microscope . a SMALL field satellite link antenna and a laptop computer . he turn on the satellite link and the computer and start to instant message : banner 's screen : ( Banner 's write in Green , he collaborator 's in Blue ) '' Mr. Blue ? '' ( a pause ) '' Mr. Green ... hello . do you find what you be look for ? '' '' yes . '' '' and you have my note on derivation of the inhibitor ? '' '' yes . '' '' for most cellular exposure a concentration of 50 - 80 part per million will suffice . keep I post . and good luck :) '' and Banner begin to work : montage : banner extracting a chemical from he flowers over many hour , Banner work . methodically and painstakingly extract tiny amount of juice from he precious flower , mixing it carefully with chemical from self - label bottle and mixing it all in a assortment of glass double as homemade test tube ; cooking it down over a small gas flame . refer to blue 's note on he computer . finally , all seem ready ... a final step . he prick he own finger ... so carefully place one drop of he blood on a glass slide . he slide it under the microscope and look at it : c.u . - banner 's blood : red blood cell fringe with a subtle glowing GREEN ENERGY . like residual radiation . he take the slide back out . take a breath . this be it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library in a dropper , he extract some of the purplish liquid he have be slowly refining from the very small amount in the glass . carefully he bring it over the blood sample ... and squeeze one , two three drop onto the blood . he place the slide under the scope and look again : c.u . - blood : the purple liquid seem to be literally boil away around the cell . frying . no change . the GREEN tinge be still there . banner pull back from the scope and put he forehead against the heel of he hand . he have let himself hope and now he be devastate . banner 's screen : Green : '' no mitigation . '' Blue : '' none ? you tissue exposure must be relatively high . '' Green : '' very high . Blue : '' try a higher concentration . slightly . 100 part per million = lethal toxicity . '' banner lean back and look at : he wilted flowers . he have milk they for all they have . Green : '' impossible at present . supply be limited . '' Blue : '' not here . we be make pure synthetic by the gallon . '' ( pause ) '' why be we do this backwards ? Chasing flower in the jungle = silly . send I a blood sample . '' Green : '' not prudent . '' Blue : '' live with gamma poisoning not prudent . most people not alive long enough to be help . intrigue by you case . '' Green : '' not safe for either of we . '' Blue : '' you need help . gamma not something to mess with . '' banner you can say that again . he stare at he dead flower long and hard . out of option . banner move to the table and proceeds to extract a vial of he own blood . he label it '' mr. GREEN '' ext . STREET - market - day at the package stand , send the blood to Mr. Blue . banner turn and start away , stop and look back ... he 's take a big risk . but he have to . so he turn and walk home . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library int . banner' apartment - evening pack he computer and sit link antenna in he backpack . careful . always make himself ready to leave . as he close and pack the computer we see behind it ... a photo of a woman ( betty ross ) : he stare at it for a beat . so far away now . time-cut : Banner be meditate , seat on the floor , he leg cross , calming he mind . ext . road - night - memory flashback move past a Police cruiser , tear in two , a trooper unmove on the ground . Bright light , accelerate toward he , horrible sound . int . banner' apartment back on Banner : pulse climb to 85 . he breathes . calm it . time - cut : Banner in a state of deep meditation . pulse : 37 int . kitchen - middle america - morning - week later a mom be make a chaotic lunch for a bunch of seven year old on a playdate . Whole thing one camera shot : move around , stay with she , back and forth from fridge to table : a plate of apple slice to get they start .. pop the top off some bottle of juice and hand they around , stop to take a swig of she own soda bottle sit on the counter ( we might know that bottle if we get a close look at it , but we probably do not ) .. a plate of chicken finger and as they be drop off we see some kid be drink ... back for something to dip they in ... kid Mom , I need a napkin !! we stay with the kid and mom goe back out of frame . kid laugh and pick at each other plate and something hit the floor off camera kid face : all turn freeze stare at something script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library kid ( cont 'd ) Mom ? whip pan : Mom be on the floor , she body in a spasm , eye roll back kid ( cont 'd ) mom !!! int . general ross 's office - day gen . T. ross at he desk . lose in think . snap out of it when he female aide , major cabot , put some form on he desk . she move he through signing boring requisition order ... cabot -..and here 's something a little more interesting . he hold out he hand , not that optimistic ... she hand he a two page fax .. cabot ( cont 'd ) possible gamma sickness . milwaukee . woman drank one of this guarana soda . have more kick than she be look for . ross last three be irradiate fruit , not gamma ... cabot look at the spectrograph in that path report . even the fda do not approve that . whatever it be it be concentrate . get less than a tenth of a milliliter and it almost kill she . Ross ' eye narrow : milwaukee ? he hand she the page . ross get it confirm . cabot already put call in . she start out but he stop she , mind alive now . ross where be it bottled ? cabot porto Verde , Brazil ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10 . both look at each other .. search for the same thing . ross remember that package we track to the girl that just have a press orchid in it ? Year and half ago maybe ...? cabot it come from Sao paolo . Ross come alive . ross get we Agency people look for a white man at that bottle plant . tell they no contact , if he even see they he 's go . and get I Sam greller ! ext . special force base - staging area near runway a transport van pull up , two army special force soldier hop out with they light gear and move to join ... three other commandos gather by the edge of the tarmac . they all greet each other , one or two introduction , a few know each other . commando 1 who 's we 6 ? commando 2 blonsky . commando 1 think he be on vacation ? commando 2 he get bored . volunteer . int . helicopter - aloft and descending to base blonsky sit by the open door . over he shoulder we look down at the base below rise to meet we . ext . special force base - tarmac blonsky be out of the bird and move with he gear before it 's even fully come to rest . he move to join the other . in view behind they : just step out of the Operations Building ... ross stand aside with he old friend gen . SAM greller . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 11. ross .-- I know you cashed some chip for this , Sam . I be grateful . greller glad to do it . just make it good . they shake hand and Ross head for a wait ... c- 130 transport plane Ross , cabot a Medical Officer and the team muster into the plane as the engine wind up . no delay . the plane lumber down the runway and roar aloft . int . c-130 transport plane - night gen . Ross on the phone up front clear up detail . cabot with he . Soldiers in the rear wait on intel . commando 1 since when do they fob we off to logistic officer ? commando 2 ai not exactly feel a- team be it ? cabot come back to brief the team . hand out photo of banner and banner 's apt build and surrounding area . cabot this be the target and the location . insert and grab only , live capture . you 'il have trang rifle and suppression ordnance . live fire for backup only . we have get help from local but we want it tight and quiet . one of the soldier needle gently ... commando 1 Little excitement , huh Major ? cabot how 's that ? commando 1 get tired of push paper around ? she 's way ahead of he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library to all of 12 . cabot I work intel for 3rd i.d. on the way in to Baghdad my first tour . I get bump to you ranger in time for falluja . say here I and blonsky get we purple heart same week . so , no , I have very much like to get back to my office , thanks . they ... cabot ( cont 'd ) only way this 'il get exciting be if you guy screw it up . any more question ? no more stupid one . ross appear behind they . blonsky be he a fighter ? ross you target be a fugitive from the US government and steal military secret . he be implicate in the death of three scientist , a military officer , a Idaho State trooper and possibly two canadian hunter . do not wait to see if he 's a fighter . put he to sleep . blonsky nod . a good mission . ross ( cont 'd ) each two man team will be issue a radiation sensor which we will monitor remotely as well . first blip I want to know about it . commando 2 this guy steal plutonium ? ross something like that . that 's all . he and cabot return to the front . team gossip about Ross a little , he dead arm . commando 1 Vietnam ? blonsky shrug , study Banner . commando 3 I hear he run R&D , real black box shit . one of he experiment blow up in he face , literally . they give he a desk to run . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13. ross and cabot : he head be back , he moment get closer . hope it 's not a goose chase . cabot study team file . cabot blonsky 's you point man . int . bottling plant - day banner carting around supplies to the worker at the different point on the bottle line . as he come around a piece of machinery he see ... the nice young woman be hassle by the four young tough . they be teasing she , block she from sit back down at she station while the tough leader ask she question : tough leader why do you act so shy ? it 's not a sin to have some fun in life ... her eye meet banner 's : she could use some help . he hesitates , tear . he really can not get involved , can not risk ... but then the tough leader try to stroke her cheek and she shove he hand away ... and he grab her arm . tough leader ( cont ’d ) what be you , too good for we ? and banner enter : banner everything good ? they all turn ... her eye plead with he ... tough leader dump you load and get lose , mule . we be talk . banner you want some coffee , martina ? with I ? tough leader I say beat it , you want a problem ? he advance on banner ... Banner back up . banner no problem ... tough leader too late ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14. he shove Banner in the chest , hard . other tough move to the side . the young woman scream at they ... pulse monitor : 75...76 ... Banner hold up he hand ... banner okay listen ... do not make hungry ... you would not like I when I be ... confusion on they face -- '' that 's a weird thing to say '' banner ( cont 'd ) --.no wait ... that 's not right ... ah shit . and the tough take swing at he . but banner dodge it deftly . he do not hit the guy , he hardly seem to touch he but the guy go fly past and stumble . tough leader get up and wipe he hand , piss now . and he put up he fist and come at banner punching Banner dodge , duck , weave and apply he non- aggressive martial art technique , hardly touch the guy but leave he flail like a total fool ... the manager , from the catwalk above ... see what 's go on manager hey !! cut it out ! I get supply sit here collect bug ! you want I to hire somebody else to move it ! now !! the tough shoot look at Banner '' .. another time ... '' and they walk away , one of they laugh a little and patting leader on the shoulder . the young woman , sigh and thanks Banner , grateful . int . banner 's apartment -— day Banner lie on he rough bed , the dog at he foot . he stare at the ceiling lose in think when he hear ... he computer chime . he get up and go to the screen : Blue : '' success . '' Green : '' please elaborate '' Blue : '' concentration of 150 ppm mitigate the gamma saturation in you sample . incredible toxicity but it work . '' banner 's face : he 's be dream of hearing this news for 5 year ... but ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15 . Green : '' encourage . but sample be baseline ... I have ... spike . '' Blue : '' tricky . can you extract sample during next ' spike 's ? '' Green : '' no . '' Blue : '' spike can not exceed exposure . what be you original exposure ? '' Green : '' data no longer available . '' Blue : '' toxicity at this level too risky without precision . '' Green : '' will it cure I ? '' Blue : '' barring new gamma exposure ... good chance . '' banner sit stunned , mind racing . on a pad of paper he scribbles : data from maynard Green : '' will get back to you . thank you . '' Blue : '' pleasure . hope you walk through the door one day . you must be a very unique individual . '' Banner close the computer and stare at the picture of the woman ( betty ) ... a step closer maybe . he pack up he core equipment into the knapsack as always . then he remember the note on the pad . he tear it off and wad it up ... nowhere to throw it and so , distract , he put the note into he pocket . timecut : banner meditating : in the lotus position , unmove pulse : 55 - the SOUND of a slow heartbeat that rise and speed up through the following : memory image : he mind wander , happy memory lead to bad . - betty ross at a lab table look up at we , smile - betty and bruce sit on a campus lawn in late afternoon light with pizza ; she give he a bite and kiss he - jarring SOUND and surreal image : flame ; a Pov from 10 feet high , look down at body on the floor beneath crushed and broken lab equipment . one of they be betty , a gash in she head -gen ross look right at we , hand on we shoulder consol ; lip move but no sound come out ; intense - we Pov : look out a curtained window down on a front door . two military police , knock . we jerk away from the window . eye : SNAP OPEN pulse : 89...90 he sigh and breathes deeply . he can not clear he mind tonight . he give up and get up . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 16. ext . banner 's apartment build - rooftop - evening he stand on the roof , sip a beer . his isolation intense . int . banner 's apartment - later - night the dog . asleep at Banner 's foot on the rough bed . Banner on he side breathe deeply . ext . alley behind banner 's build - same moment - night a very dark alley .. almost black and then suddenly snap into GREEN night vision Pov : scan the back entrance of the building . voice ( 0.s. ) clear . two of the shadow along the wall detach themselves and move in a crouch toward the back door ; dart rifle hold at ready , mp5 sub - machine gun sling , balaclavas cover face . commandos . int . banner 's apartment - night same sound of the night . and then the muffle bark stop . no yelp or anything obvious . it just stop . Banner 's Dog : head come up . int . stairwell a dog on the landing of the stairwell , darte with a nasty look little tranquilizer , twitching . black boot move past it , climb . high Pov : outside Banner 's door , look down . four commandos climb the step silently , cover door and corner . eye of the leader : blonsky he signal and one drop low and pull a snake camera out , feed it silently under the door . the two other move to apply small plastique pack to the hinge . camera Pov : scan the room , no movement , pan right . to see the dog trot towards the camera , investigate . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17. the soldier with the camera hold up a hand .. be ready ... camera Pov : the dog nuzzle and lick the camera and turn and go back to bed , where Banner 's sleep form lie still . camera soldier hold up one finger , point right , signal '' low , lie down '' blonsky key he mic in code : no speak . int . command / tech support van - same inside a black van : Ross , cabot and a brazilian liason officer hear the signal . on different monitor they can see the feed from the head cam on one of blonsky 's 4 - man team at the door , one from a soldier position in front of the building , one from a soldier on the back entrance . ross geiger ? int . stairwell - same soldier by door look down at a unit affix to he gun stock . l.e.d of radiation counter : dark . nothing . int . command / tech support van - same maj . cabot 's monitor of all three team geiger show the same . she shake ' negative ' . ross take he . int . banner' apartment the door blows off it's hinges with a sharp fast crack . blonsky in first , spin right , the other cover angle behind he . there 's a flash of movement from the form in the bed , leg scramble to roll away ? blonsky drop to he knee and fire , but not a gunshot , a silent thwwp of a trang dart . Three in quick succession into Banner 's body and leg . they move to the bed and yank the cover back . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18. pillow , the styrofoam head with the cap and the wig on it . blonsky target 's on the move . ext . airshaft / int . neighbor 's apt - night banner : hang on he rope . backpack on he back , descend slowly from the kitchen window hang over the central air shaft not in the view of any of the sentries . pass a kitchen window he look inside and see : the girl from the factory . his neighbor , get a glass of water . she see he hang there and scream . blonsky : hear the scream and see the rope at the same time . run to the sink window and look down . Pov : rope swinging empty . only exit be a alley toward the back . blonsky he 's on the ground , go rear . ext . banner 's apartment build - same the soldier on the Front : bolt to rear of the Building . the van : punch it and head that way . int . / ext . neighbor's apartment - same banner : crouch in the girl be apartment by the door , poise , calming he breathe . nod at she . she open the door . she look : nothing . Banner sprint for the stair , no time to even thank she . he 's down the stair and hit .... ext . STREET by banner 's build -.. the street , hustling at a carefully control walk . ... and we be parallel along with he and as he pass the alley along the side of the building he ( and we ) catch a move glimpse of the tail light of the black van and a black clad commando ... +..and the commando see he ... and it's on . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 . ext . chase through the favela street , alley and rooftop of the slum at night . late night crowd of drinker and people in the street . we cut between banner , he pursuer and the van : banner : at a dead run . pulse : 70 .. 71 snake into the favela . commandos : converge in a flat - out footchase . banner : three hard turn into the back alley .. pulse check : 91.92 commandos : split with hand signal . blonsky and he partner make the correct guess about which way to turn in the alley , hot on Banner 's tail ... banner : up onto trash can , up onto a tin fence , up onto a roof and we be rise with he and suddenly ... rooftop of the favela .. drop away in tin terrace below and beyond . a maze for a rat-race .. banner 's feet pounding on tin roof . blonsky : still on the street , catch a glimpse of Banner skylighted up high , leaping down the roof . read he angle , signal he partner to keep follow Banner as blonsky break away to cut off he route . the van : blast through the night street of the slum , circle to come in from the other side . video monitor : the chaotic green image of the chase from the head cam Pov 's banner : jumping across narrow alley ... look back ... two Black figure pound down the roof , skylighted behind he . a bigger gap between roof ... he take it without hesitate and make it but ... pulse monitor : go 101 ... 102 .. banner : can not stop , to he foot and off again three commandos : blonsky 's partner and 2nd team , take the same jump together . more gear than Banner . two make it , the other do not . hard hit into edge of tin roof and to the muddy street . no hesitation , up and move on the ground ... van : move to stay with the chase . a screen with green dot on it show soldier position . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 20 . cabot leader we be at you two - o'clock , team come from you nine . get he box . Three more move . game over . ross : not celebrate yet .. there 's a X factor he 's wait for . glance at radiation monitor .. nothing . STREET : a lot of people out in this part of the neighborhood , spilling out of bar , walk with girl , easy to get lose in . banner : leaping off a roof he pound into they midst , turn right and see ... blonsky : dropping down on he and firing a dart banner : feel the breeze of it and hear it clank into a tin wall . he turn and bolt into thick crowd of reveler . blonsky : up and after he but a lot of people around slow he up . lose sight of Banner . pulse monitor : 109..110 ... banner : trouble . he can not do this much more before .. run through a alley , around a corner . pop out and see ... black van : side door rip open and look right at he be .. ross : they lock eye for the first time in five year . equal adrenaline . banner : instead of turn , dash across the street right in front of the Van and back into the alley like a rocket . cabot ( cont 'd ) okay ... past mobile unit now and head oh-nine - zero . banner : in the alley , breathe too hard . too freak by Ross . have to hide . hard right into ... int . a favela bar - same plenty of people drink . perfect . push through to the back toward the kitchen . slam : he run right into tough leader from the factory and three tough guy pal . and they be drunk and look to fight and nobody better could have show up . no chit-chat .. the guy curse and take a wild swing . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21. banner : can not play dodge game this time and in a swift move take the guy 's wrist , go under he arm , grab the back of he neck and lever he into the bar .. and split out the back without break stride . the brazilian scramble after he . ext . alley near bottling plant / bottling plant - night back in the smallest of the dark alley ... Banner look up the bottling factory loom out of the favela . tough guy : pound out of the alley and move along the side of the huge factory , hear the SOUND of a chain rattling , come around the corner and see .. a metal door in the back of the factory , it 's security chain hang too loose . they shush each other and the tough leader direct two into the door to go after Banner and pull one with he around to the other side . soldier : move slower , lose they target . hunting stealthy now . he can not be far . check doorway . blonsky : up on the roof . he see ... a dark figure : down below ( the last of the brazilian tough ) slip stealthy into the side of the factory . blonsky target acquire . int . bottling plant - changing room - same - night pulse monitor : 103..102..101 .. banner : back against a wall inside the dimly light locker room of the factory worker . calm he racing heart . mind racing . the wet drip of shower . a clank . he react ... pulse rise again ... 102..103 ... int . bottling plant factory floor - night banner : creep through this , pause to listen . hear the whisper of the drunk tough , clumsily follow . weaving through the innard of the machinery .. almost to the far side now . a exit sign glow dim green in the dark ... he move to it . pushes gently on the latch and open it to slide out into ... tough guy : smile . he shove Banner back inside with a loud laugh .. script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 22. banner : turn to run back into the factory but the other tough have come up behind he .. and now they be all around he , shove and kick he back inside and up against a piece of machinery in the dark . banner please ... do not do this . pulse monitor : 109 ...110 ... the tough : laugh at he and shove he up against the massive machinery near the middle of the floor . they take he backpack from he . tough leader slapping he lightly , taunting : tough leader what ? I can not understand you . no fight ? not so tough now , huh ? try that fancy move again . come on , we all want to see . a hard push and Banner hit he back into a knob and he cry out in pain . commandos : come through the locker and office area of the factory hear the yell of pain and the laughter . blonsky : hand signal and they split up . night vision Pov : snap on and turn the factory into a surreal world of Black with a very few green illuminate patch . through the forest of pipe and metal - dim green shape of a cluster of man in the dark . cutting between banner and tough , commando team , van : van : night vision on the monitor . Ross and cabot glue . pulse monitor : 111..112..113 banner : pin against the machinery by two tough hold he now . banner stop . please stop . me. angry . very bad . tough leader you bad angry , son ? I very bad angry ! banner' Pov : in the shadow off to the leave beyond the man hold he . a black figure move through dim light in a crouch . banner 's face : reacting . panic . pulse monitor : 125...126...127 ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23. banner let I go ! you do not understand . something really bad be go happen here !! tough leader yeah , something bad be go to happen . night vision scope : find banner 's face , sighting on he neck . a muzzle peek out of the dark and then -- all at the same time : banner lunge , pull the man hold he tough guy slam a fist in banner' gut blonsky fire one guy holding banner take a dart in the neck and spin , confuse pulse monitor : literally racing up through 180.200 ... blonsky 's night vision : the green cluster of figure , one crumpling , and one fall and suddenly ... a GREEN pulse of light cut across the night vision radiation sensor LED 's : spike into the red . van : radiation counter spike and ross bolt forward in he chair . blonsky : rip night vision off he head . what the hell be that ? signal ' hold ' . brazilian tough , turn , all step away from Banner crumpled invisible down in the dark out into floor to investigate , two look at they friend on the ground start to freak . tough guy what the hell ...? commandos in the dark try to get a fix on what 's happen they hear ... cabot on the com in they ear ... cabot be target neutral ? do we get a shot ? team 2 night vision Pov : through the obscure forest of metal , the cluster of figure , some step toward lst team ( where the dart come from ) . , one lie still ( the down brazilian ) , but the other ... the hardest to see ... very dim even in the night vision but ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24. ... something be happen to that one.. dim and obscure behind the other figure etched in green ... the shape of the figure on the ground be changing brazilian : Banner 's groan in the dark , turn into a horrible anguish sound .. with it the sound of tear and pop and crack ... tough leader : just on the edge of shadow and light , the booze wear off he , eye narrowing .. something weird be go on but he can not read it .. the sound of pain in the dark behind he distract he and , angry , he turn -- tough leader he throw a kick into the shadow ... and it 's the worst mistake of he life . his foot meet something hard and faster than you can blink he be gone . ripped upward by the leg and into the shadow .. his terrify scream drown by ... a roar of rage unlike anything . primal . not human . ross and cabot : the sound rip into they earphone '' what the ...? '' the dark of the factory : the sound of bone crack and tough leader 's terrified scream of pain and then ... ... he fly out of the dark , from a height of 14 foot and rise as he go ... throw literally across the factory like a child 's ball , clipping through shaft of light and hit the far wall head first so hard that you hope he do not survive . the roar fade ... a strange beat of silence , as each face try to grasp the impossible . what happens next be chaos : team 2 night vison : from the leave : through the forest of pipe , the cluster of tough turn to run from something in the shadow and . something enormous reach out after they . team 1 Pov : the tough explode toward we out of dark , panicked , straight at camera the last of they rise from the dart-fel friend , a step behind and too slow for the huge arm that come out of the dark to grab he and yank he back . blonsky : as the tough sprint past he in the dark , not even notice he . he saw that arm . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 25 . team 3 night vision : ( from the right side , at a distance ) . through the maze of metal , a enormous GREEN figure , lift another green figure .. puny in it 's huge hand , struggle and scream and then gurgle and simply go limp as though the life be literally squeeze out of it like a bug . dropped like a rag-doll . and then the shape start to move ... over all of this : cabot where 's the target ? chatter response on the com . ross that be the target , goddam it , now take it out !! crashing metal . something be not move between the machinery , it 's smash through it . we can see the top of huge array , shaking in the light . sound of metal wrenching and huge percussive smashes . and somewhere in all the chaos a button get hit and all the belt and bottle start to move . add to the confusion and sound . ross ( cont 'd ) do not let he out of the building ! put all you trang in he ! every one you have get ! do it now !! team 2 : advance forward slightly on the thing in the dark a shadow move among the metal and team 2 open up . thwwp . thwwp . thwwp . dart zipping into the dark . a patch of light on the concrete floor and the dart fall into it . bent at right angle like they have hit a concrete wall . the shadow spin and come at they . team 2 night vision : a huge blurry GREEN shape , coming at they team 2 : whipping up machine gun ... commando 1 Holy shit ! go live ! go liv -- monitor in the van : team 2 's night vision , then the image be awash in blur and static and the ... SOUND of that roaring rage and soldier scream . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 26. team 3 's Pov : in the black , they see the muzzle flash of two mp5 's open up from team 2 's position , a incredible clatter of weaponry after all the silent dart , tracer FIRE streaking out of they , but not aim ... both lifted , rise in the dark and arcing wildly toward the ceiling , bullet clanging into the metal roof , take out bottle of juice on the belt , the muzzle spin ... the effect almost like a child in the dark twirling two light stick . blonsky : see the same . despite bullet spraying everywhere , he do not hesitate , he charge ... bring up he gun , sprinting past the move machinery . he see the muzzle flash stop and hear the sound of body hitting the ground . the shadow move again . blonsky : drop to he knee with he partner beside he and both OPEN FIRE on the shadow as it move to the right across they field toward team 3 . if the roar be loud before they now become truly horrifying ... the thing in the dark turn and move from leave to right , the Soldiers ' pan they fire concentrate it on the shadow , most of it clanking into machinery spark fly , but ... in the strobe effect of the muzzle flash , behind the forest of metal ... we see the form of the thing ... moving , powerful . , surreal . the head hidden in shadow over a giant , hulking form . as the shadow move across team 1 's fire toward team 3 , blonsky break and run right . as always , one step ahead , move for position . he see .. a ladder up to a catwalk running the perimeter of the factory . he go for it . team 3 : the monster come past they position now , head for the exit in the far corner ... they OPEN FIRE with blonsky 's partner move in behind they and shoot high over they head ... impossible that they could be missing it . SOUND of bullet clanking into metal mix with SOUND of bullet hitting flesh ... a flat , thick sound . the shadow turn around directly into the stream of FIRE close up : floor level behind a gargantuan ankle and naked foot in shadow .. the flesh greyish GREEN . bullet : landing next to the foot by the dozen , smashed flat . blonsky : reaches the cat walk and spin .. can make out he man in the dark ... follow the line of they tracers into the shadow . and then a roar and a sickening rending of steel and a entire tower of the conveyor belt be be tear from its base .. the belt swung at the soldier like a club . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 . from behind the soldier : the conveyor belt come at they . a giant clothesline of steel . they turn to run and dive but it catch both of team 3 in the back , smashing they to the ground . blonsky' partner dive , but it tumble onto he leg , breaking the bone . he scream . van : all camera dead . monitor black . just the sound of moan over the mic . ross throws the door OPEN and move : cabot Sir , no !! inside : the shape be moving again now ... faster , it 's tormentor silence ... it head for the back corner , move under the catwalk where . blonsky : sprint along above ... he can get in position right above where it 's head if he 's fast . he make it just as the shadow move under he , brace he gun on the rail , aim for the head shot ... below , looking back up : the shadow be move right at we , still just a black shape . blonsky above and beyond it on the leave .. open FIRE . the tracers streak in straight at US , hitting the form in the right shoulder blade . enraged it spin and as it do .... the camera slide to the right .. past the back of the enormous head.. and as it pass the head , emerge over the right shoulder ... reality distort horribly : the acid trip version of the same view . blonsky' tracers a nightmare of light coming at US ... everything streaking and accelerate and stuttering ... and the SOUND : so over - amped that what be loud be literally now a intolerable banshee shriek of noise . the hand of the thing rise in front of US , blocking the stream of streaking bullet , as though swatting at bee . on blonsky : end of the mag , drop the clip , move another into the gun without take he eye off the target in the shadow ... and then he freeze . blonsky Pov : the arm .. raised to block he shot , drop , and the monster step half out of the shadow . our first look at the hulk' face : half in light , half in shadow ... and it's staring up at blonsky with FURY ... and blonsky be paralyzed with awe . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28. and then with a snarl the enormous shoulder flext and the arm come up ...... and a forklift be coming through the AIR like a baseball at blonsky . he dive ... it crush the catwalk where he be just stand ... collapsing it partly and leaving he literally hanging on for life above the factory floor , spin ... but still able to watch as ... the hulk bend down into shadow .. and with a mighty heave , rip a huge machine block out of the factory floor and into the AIR ... running it forward straight through the factory wall with a tremendous crash . outside : over ross ' shoulder , running toward the looming wall of the factory until ... the entire wall of the factory explode , throwing he against a wall for cover .. he look just in time to see ... .-.- behind all the metal , moving away down the alley , obscure .. he sees the phantom he's be chasing . it look around for a moment , eye glint in the dark ... -.-and then it's gone . ross : chest heaving staring after it . int . banner 's apartment - later - dawn ross be look around for clue in Banner 's existence . cabot be finish a conversation with the brazilian officer . cabot the stuff in the bottle be basic lab chemical . Zero intel . like he know we be come and clean the place . not a scrap of paper . as if on cue , blonsky enter ... with banner 's backpack . he thunks it up on the table ... blonsky saw he have it on the run , but it be go right before I get the shot off ... find it under the machine that we guy get hit with . cabot be already in it . antenna ... computer . jackpot . and the picture of betty . blonsky examine it . blonsky ( cont ’d ) girlfriend ? maybe she help he ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 . cabot shoot a look at Ross . hard , expressionless . ross no , we close that door to he a long time ago . Ross take the photo from blonsky and stare at it for a long beat . thought unreadable . blonsky Sir , with all respect ... do somebody want to tell I just what the hell go down in there ? what be that thing ? Ross look away out the window at the light come up on the slum . cabot there 's rumor in the street about sighting ... farmer say he see a gorilla go into the edge of the forest . blonsky that be no gorilla . it be 10 foot tall and green ... or gray . I could not tell . but it be not a animal and you can not tell I that thing be hide somewhere . ross two thousand mile of jungle to hide in . he 's go . blonsky what about Banner ? cabot local PD 's on alert . he must have get out when that thing attack we ... ross that be Banner . cabot you think he lead we into it ? ross no I mean it ...was Banner . it be not a animal , it be he . blonsky you be go to have to explain that statement . ross no , I be not . you do you job well , both of you . we be undermanned and that 's my fault . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 . ross ( cont 'd ) I do not think it would happen again ... pack up and get we man on the plane . we be go home . he walk out leave cabot and blonsky dumbstruck . ext . rainforest - morning Banner wake up in the wood . it 's look like the South american forest . ext . muddy road in the forest - same Banner make he way up out of the tree to a rough mountain road . a logging truck be come down the road . he wave it down . leans in the window banner can you help I ? trucker no habla portuguese . banner where ..? donde ... donde estoy ? trucker paroma . paraguay ? Brazil es ayi ... ochenta kilometer . he wave Banner inside . ext . paraguay slum - STREET - day Banner sit against a wall begging for money . ext . paraguay slum - market - day Banner busy clothes at a stall in the market . find stretchy pants finally . better yet , find a pair of lycra short that look like they would almost be too big for he . discreetly hold the leg of the lycra short up behind a very fat lady and stretch one leg hole wide - not as big as she back . banner mas grande . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31 . ext . alley - paraguay STREET - day a muddy alley full of raw trash . Banner be pull on he new clothes . finish he start to ball up he shred pants to toss they in a pile when a piece of paper float down out of one of the tear pocket . he throw the pants down and pick the paper up and look at it ... data from maynard he remember what he need to do . int . c-130 transport plane two body bag in the back of the plane ( team 2 ) . two mobile hospital bed with commando in they ( team 3 ) . one soldier with he leg up and splint and he arm in a sling ( blonsky 's team 1 partner ) . only blonsky make it through unhurt . he sleep . cabot be up front with Ross who be already study Banner 's doc and correspondence with Mr. Blue . c.u . - computer screen : we see Ross flick past the evidence of Banner 's attempt to cure himself -- cabot he 's tight , this one . no name , all author name delete . he be use a randomizer to tap different wireless network every time he go online . we can not even trace where he email go or where it come from . Ross absorb in the page , a new urgency break over he . ross he 's try to get rid of it . cabot we will have the Agency people down here keep they radar up . ross it do not matter . he 's already on the move . ext . back of a truck - day Banner riding with migrant worker . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32. ext . hill - day Banner hike through rugge terrain to avoid border crossing ext . doorway - night Banner try to sleep in the doorway of a lock store in a Latin city somewhere . car light spill across he huddle there . eye close , but move under the lid ... flashback : ( canadian border apprehension ) light accelerate at US , horribly overcharge sound of a truck horn and a tremendous crash . jump cut -- the impossible image of the cab of a tractor trailer be twisted over by we own massive hand ... the huge load of log on its bed spilling out beyond . all horribly distort and streak . like a acid trip . banner wake : eye darting . he shake it off and get up and keep move . ext . border - rio grande river - night night crossing the desert border with illegal ( Mexico to US ) . a family have child with they , have trouble . Banner pick one up and help the child across the river . ext . rail line - day Banner jump a freight train . in the U.S. now ... head somewhere . int . general greller 's office - day greller sit at he desk look up at Ross , incredulous . greller you wanna tell I that one more time ? ross do I look like I be not be serious , Sam ? greller T. , I have know you a long time and I have never see a cooler head under fire . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33. greller ( cont 'd ) I know something bit you in the ass down there , but that be one hell of a White whale story . and I be way out on a limb with you on this already . ross ask blonsky . int . greller 's office - waiting area - same blonsky sit in dress uniform , wait . door open from the inner office . ross stand there ... nod . int . greller 's office - same blonsky -..yes , sir . I have say ten or eleven foot . I have put he at 1500 pound easily but could be more . and green . or gray . greenish gray . it be very dark . I put three clip on it , sir and do not even flinch . I do not miss , I 'il stake my medal on that . greller Captain , be there a medal you have not win ? blonsky Medal of honor , sir . a high percentage be give posthumously of course . greller rub he forehead , blonsky still sharp at attention . greller relax , will you blonsky ? T. , you wanna tell I what the hell you think be really go on here ? ross Banner 's work be a tangent of bio-tech . greller you tell I you be go to Brazil to nab a scientist . be you tell I one of you Super soldier experiment get out of the box ? ross I be tell you that this could be a incredibly dangerous weapon in the wrong hand and we have no idea what he intention be . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34 . greller put together a new list . int . corridor / hallway - army base - same Ross and blonsky walk out of the meeting with greller . blonsky be you tell I he become that thing at will ? ross I do not have a answer to that , soldier . blonsky greller say '' Super soldier '' . do you mind if I ask ... ross yes , I mind . you be ask question way above you paygrade , Captain . blonsky respectfully sir , I lose two man back there who have make it through some bad shit with I . one be on he way out to have a family . I have just like to know what we get mix up in . ross you hungry ? ext . diner - afternoon a classic silver - car diner near the base . through the plate glass window in a corner booth we see Ross and blonsky over a table . int . diner - same ross .-.. do appreciate you professionalism but let I emphasize that what I be about to share with you be tremendously sensitive to both I personally and the Army . blonsky nod , all ear ross ( cont 'd ) I be sure you be aware that we have get a infantry weapon development program ... within it however we run a subprogram for bio-tech Force enhancement . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 . blonsky Super soldier . ross yes ... a oversimplification ... but yes . across the hall they be try to arm you better , we be try to make you better . in all the obvious way and some not so obvious . Banner 's work be very early phase , it be not even a weapon application . it be radiation mitigation , see if we could give we boy build in insulation against all that deplete uranium nobody like talk about . it be promise but politician do not give a Flying F about what real soldier need , they like big twin rotor heli- plane that do not work that they can build in they state ... and so we money be run out . Banner be so sure of what he be on to that he test it on himself . it be suppose to be very low - exposure and something go wrong . or go very right ... I still do not know . blonsky why do he rabbit on you ? ross Banner be brilliant , one ina generation ... but he be scientist , not one of we . he do not grasp that to have peace and freedom you need power . that people like you and I need instrument to do what we do . blonsky so it have be good to nail he sure , but why not just take the data to someone else ? ross because he be the data . as far as I be concerned , that man 's whole body be property of the US Army . blonsky I have real contempt for people like that . ross you and I both , Captain . you and I both . blonsky what about the rest of it ? you try other thing ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 36 . ross it be very promise but none of it pan out . or , it do but it be ... unstable . make the subject unstable . I want to refine it .. but then Al - haquid happen and Congress kill it . no stomach . blonsky you 'il need something special to go against that thing . someone who can survive to learn how to fight it . I have be willing . ross blonsky , how old be you ? 40 ? blonsky 37 . ross why be you still a Captain ? you should be a full Colonel with you record . shit you could be a Senator ! take you pick . get out of the trench . blonsky I do not want to lead . I be a fighter . that 's all I want to be and I want to be the best for as long as I can and I do not want to lose a step and if there 's something I can take to give I a edge , I want it . ross well , I be glad to see that all that advertising we do actually work . you know when I come back from Vietnam I be 27 . I look 45 . so you be beat the curve . but it take a toll do not it ? blonsky yes it do . they clink glass . mutual respect grow . a team form . int . secure lockup / cold storage - army medical lab - night Ross admit himself and one medical technician into a secure medical storage room . it take code to get through door . individual code to open any of the cold storage locker . Ross open one .. the fog of liquid nitrogen keep something preserve . Ross nod and the technician lift out the metal canister ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 37 . int . hospital room - army medical lab - same after hour and off the book . Ross supervise as blonsky get he first injection of the Super soldier serum . two medical tech make the preparation . medical tech you 'il get two separate infusion , drip in very slowly . one into the deep muscle , one into bone marrow center . the bone one be go to hurt . ross we be give you a very low dose only . I need you sharp out there , discipline . first side of any side effect and we stop and you be off team until you straighten out . agreed ? blonsky nod again . he 's commit . ext . university campus - establishing - day a sprawling semi-rural southeastern campus . panning with two student walk along a path the camera find : banner : stand by a tree , he scope out the surroundings , not overly intense but careful . he walk to a big stone build . he look up ... maynard hall of physical science ( the note in he pocket ) he watch as student and faculty flow in and out . he mount the step and peer through the door Pov : a security pass through . Guards check id 's , a metal detector . more secure than in he day . he walk away , head down , think ... pass another build .. he stop . look at it . biology . he hang a moment , decide then go in the door . int . biology build - lobby banner scan the directory / faculty board . search for something ... and there it be ... '' cellular biology - dr . elizabeth ross '' script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 38. he slip back out the door . ext . biology build - some time later - day Banner on a bench : reading a book and watch the door . two women talk together as they exit , and one of they be betty ross . Dark , lovely . he sit freeze : the close he 's be to she in five year . and then he follow -- Bruce watch Betty : keep he distance - she get coffee with the friend and sit and talk - say goodbye and check she blackberry and smile and type back she be walk now ... he could go to she ... and then ... ... - he see the guy walk toward she smile . and she smile back and accept he embrace and kiss . this be samson . they link arm and walk together and Banner have to watch they walk away , Betty 's hand slip inside samson 's . another life . he turn away and put himself back on course . ext . stanley' pizza parlor - night the owner , stan , early 60' , be turn the sign on the door to close when a figure slide up and knock on the glass . stan freeze as he see the face of ... banner . Stan look like he 's see a ghost . int . back kitchen of the pizza parlor - night Bruce and the owner catch up . clearly , they be friend from Bruce 's old life . stan -.. so many rumor . people say the worst thing without any idea what they be say . banner Stan , I promise you , whatever you have hear about I be not true . Stan pat he leg ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 39 . stan I know it . I know people and I always know it . but you know how I feel about you two ... have you talk to ...? banner no . she 's with .... stan samson . yeah , you hear . he 's a head shrink . they say one of the best . but a good guy . take my word . remind I of you a light -- sorry . Bruce , what can I do to help you ? banner I could use a place to stay a few night . stan you will stay in the spare room upstairs . use the back , nobody 's 1l see you come or go . banner great . one other thing ... can I deliver a few pizza ? stan deliver all you want , I will give Lou the week off . but someday you gotta tell I what all this be about . banner Stan , if I tell you , you have never believe I . ext . campus - the next day banner on a bicycle , deliver pizza . he 's even get the stanley 's hat . shade too now , keep a very low profile . int . dorm hallway / dorm room Banner deliver a pie to a room full of kid study and argue about issue . that use to be he . ext . sorority house porch / front door - evening a hot , bitchy sorority chick open the door , other beyond she . she 's laugh , take the two pie and bag of extras and soda without even acknowledge he ... she go to close the door -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 40. chick thanks ... banner ummm ... sorry . that 's $ 46.50 chick oh ...we have a account with stanley . he know we ... we be theta . banner I can see that you be . do you mind if we call he ? chick yes , I mind ... anyway it take forever and now it 's cold . as she say this she pull out a black olive and on ' cold 's she flick it off her finger ... and it land on Banner 's hat ... chick ( cont 'd ) oops. sorry . banner you know , you should not make I angry . you would not like I when I be angry chick whatever , pscycho . she slam the door on he . peal of laughter from inside . he turn to go off the porch and a fat keg delivery kid be come up the step ... he see it all . keg guy dude , where be you ball ? you can not lay down for that shit ! you gotta smash that door in and ... int . maynard hall - lobby security - night Banner enter with two pizza . Guard look up . ( Lou ferrigno ) banner I get a delivery on 5 . guard I do not think anybody 's up there . banner oh man , everybody 's bail ... I already get a medium with no taker . you want it ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41. guard do not let I stand in the way of commerce . God bless , brother . take the pizza happily and wave he through . int . banner 's old lab - hallway and lab room Banner come down the hall toward he former lab , the place hulk be bear ... the lab be a large open space see through half - glass wall . Long work table full of computer terminal . large Super - — Computer array along the wall . it have be turn into a Computer Science lab in the intervene year . one lone computer nerd grad student , burn the midnight oil at a terminal .. brain fry , eye bleary . Banner stare at the familiar layout and just as the grad student look up and meet he eye ... flashback : image from the accident that create the hulk . surreal and overampe as before but more detailed this time . - FIRE - a huge mri - like machine ( the gamma pulse ) rise above we and be smashed through glass -body of two of Banner 's grad student lie still under the control console drive back onto they , a soldier in uniform also still - betty , still on the ground a gash in she head - ross on the floor , back up hold he leave arm in agony , try to reach Betty and look up at ... banner pop out of it . the guy be look at he ... or at he pizza . Banner open the door . banner that douch in radiation call this in and then split . you want it ? computer nerd whoever you be , you be my new personal hero . banner hey ... you mind if I jump online for a second ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42. computer nerd totally . you wanna join my vice City ... '' manolo , choot this piece of chit . '' banner righteous . gimme a sec . he sit down and get to work access the University 's mainframe . it ask for '' user : password : '' he type : '' Dr. Elizabeth Ross '' ... then think a beat . tries '' bettylove Bruce '' . rejected . tries another of she old one : '' cellsunite ! '' bingo . tight on : computer screen and banner 's face as he search for the record from he work . search under - usmd Research protocol 456-72378 : no result - gamma pulse : no result every attempt to find the record of he program yield no evidence that it ever exist . they have totally expunge all record of he work . he sag . ring . he look up . he be receive a chat invite from '' stealthwarrior229 '' . he look at it for a long time . the ringing continue . it 's impossible they have find he here . almost impulsively he click '' accept '' ... the video chat window open to reveal ... a digital animation of a huge monstrous creature , like something out of doom , smashing wall , raging until it find ... a pizza . and eat it . and the monster start to shrink , growling contentedly and the image resolves into ... the grad student . banner : lift he head above the computer to look across the row of terminal and see ... the grad geek : lift he head above he port ... give Banner '' thumb up . '' Banner 's face : time to go . int . pizza parlor - back kitchen - night Banner be talk to Stan ... banner +.-gone . all of it . like it never happen . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43. stan the whole building be close for a year after the explosion . military guard ... banner I do not know what I be think . there 's nothing for I here . I do not know why I come ... I hope ... stan what 'il you do now ? banner I 'il go in the morning . stan where ? banner it 's better if I do not tell you , Stan . stan I be so sorry . I wish I could ... banner you do help I , Stan . you have get no idea how nice it be just to see a friendly face . the bell on the door ting , a customer enter ... stan I ’‘1l just get rid of they and we will have some food ... int . pizza parlor - serving counter Stan come out of the back hearing laughter and look up and stop cold ... it 's betty and samson , grab a slice on the way home . he try to hurry they along ... stan kid ! I get nothing but marinara now ... betty oh , I need a Mr. pink , Stan . please ! samson she work through dinner again . Betty and samson talk as Stan start to make up the special slice ... he eye keep darting to the back ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 , tight on : Betty and samson . he 's tell a story about something one of he patient 's say . betty 's eye flick down to the food ... betty not too spicy , Stan ... stan I know how you like it ... her focus come back up to Stan and behind he , in the back , a movement catch her eye . betty 's Pov : banner have move to hang up stan 's jacket and hat and he leans out just enough for her to see half he face . banner' eye flick up -- a frozen instant : he face only half in the light . stan move and block her view ... then move away again and banner be gone . betty : frozen SHOCK samson's mouth be move but everything be silent . she stare at the space where she just see a ghost . but it be not a ghost ... it be bruce . and she run . dash under the counter and through the back after he ... samson agape ... ext . rear alley or parking lot behind the pizza parlor thunder rumbling in the distance , the first drop of rain ... betty explode out the back door , look leave and right banner be walking quickly across the far side of the lot . betty bruce ! he stop but do not turn and she move toward he , still not able to believe it 's actually he ... and as she draw near . he turn and face her and she stop in she track , she hand fly to she mouth ... she could literally faint from the level of adrenaline and emotion shoot through she body . bruce it 's alright ... samson burst out the door ... samson Betty !? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . he see she stand with a dark figure , she hand start to reach tremble toward he . betty when do ...? be you ...? bruce I be alright . I be so sorry , I do not want to ... samson come up behind she and Banner look up . samson Betty , what happen ? be you okay ? betty samson , this be .... this be Bruce ... Bruce Banner . he take Banner in for a beat and then reach out he hand .. samson samson Adams . and he and Banner shake . the rain be start to fall more steadily ... betty can you ...? there be just so many thing ... I can not ... samson we should get in out of the rain . we be just on we way home now . will you join we ? banner yes ... thanks , I have like that . I need to ...uh ... tell I where and I 'il meet you there in a few minute . samson 39 hillhouse . on the corner of maple ... by the old ... banner yes I remember . alright . samson nod and turn with Betty to go back through stanley 's . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46. int . banner' room above pizza place Banner explode into the room , and start throw he few clothes into a very small nylon bag . he stop over the sink , look at himself in the mirror ... int . car - night - rain raining hard now . samson and Betty pull up through they driveway and into the garage . betty samson I need to go find he ... I think you should ... samson look at she , understanding ... nod . samson I will be here . int . / ext . a car drive in the rain - night betty drive through the street look for he , desperate . the rain be hard now , a thundershower . she pull up to the bigger road lead out away to the highway , look right into the dark ... nothing . look leave and we see the reaction on she face at something she see ... ext . road - night wide look at the shoulder of the road , rain pour down ... and banner 's lonely figure , small in the dark walk along . headlight approach he from behind and he turn and hold out he thumb and we pan leave as the car pull up ahead of he on the shoulder , brake light casting a red glow ... and the door burst OPEN and betty be out and running toward he . and she embrace he like someone back from the dead ... and he hug her back , finally . betty please do not go away . please . I need to see you and talk to you . bruce I want to ... so much . but it 's not safe . betty I do not care . please . you can not just disappear again . I could not take it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47. bruce I do not want to make thing more difficult for you . I could not bear that . betty I want you to come with I now . he do too . Banner 's face : tear . what should he do ? ext . betty and samson 's house - driveway - night - rain Betty 's car pull in through the driveway and into the garage . we can see that she be alone in the car . int . car - inside the garage Betty hit the clicker and the garage door descend behind she . and then banner sit up in the passenger seat . int . samson and betty 's house - night samson step into the live room as Betty emerge from the mudroom / garage entrance . he look at she ... wonder . Betty hold out she hand ... and banner step into there home . samson welcome . now both of you go get out of that wet clothes . I think we all need some hot food and a number of drink . you be talk , I be cooking . now go ... int . live room - dine room / int . kitchen - intercut samson cooking food while Bruce and Betty talk across a small dining table off the live room . we hear some of what they be say in fragment from samson 's side of it . Betty have draw all the curtain . they be in mid conversation : betty --.and they just let you stay ? bruce I think it be novel at first , they do not get the spiritual tourism up there on the Northern Plateau . and I be good at fix thing so ... it be peaceful . for a long time that 's all I want . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48. bruce ( cont 'd ) when I hear the rug dealer down in town have get internet ... my brain start go and eventually I could not resist . that 's how I get to stern . betty and trimethodine ... bruce I do not think you could synthesize a inhibitor that complex but he have be . I mean five year ago ... betty we be all a lot further along than we be then , but stern be way out in front on that score . he have some kind of ethic cloud around he at Cal tech but it do not stop he . his work be unbelievably brilliant . so , Brazil for the corablanca ? bruce he 's synthesize it but I have to try to get it at the source . it take a long time just to get there . and I could not get a thousandth of what I have need . if he 's even right ... betty and now ? bruce I go find he , I suppose . I do not know if he 's really get something and it 's a much longer shot without the data but I have get to risk it ... betty no , you do not . she get up and go to a bookshelf with a vase on it . she shake out a small data / flashcard on ring , with a lanyard . she go back and hand it to he . betty ( cont 'd ) I get in there before they carte it all away . I hope it would tell we something someday . bruce do the General know you have this ? betty I do not think so . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 . bruce he be there in Brazil . when they come for I . I see he . betty oh my god ... he 's crazier than anybody know . I be so sorry ... how ? bruce I have twisted it round every possible way . be there anyway it could have be stern ? betty I hear he 's a total anarchist . hate authority . do not think he should answer to anybody . that 's why he get in trouble . Bruce , why do not you ...? samson enter : samson I think we be all set . int . kitchen Bruce / Betty / samson eat together at a kitchen table . convivial , determinedly light , stay off the obvious weight of it all fora moment . samson be tell a funny story . samson .-.-- and I say '' miss so-and - so , I have be analyze you ' condition 's for nearly three month and I think I can say conclusively that you issue be more caffeinate - uncaffeinate than Manic - depressive ... they all laugh , even Banner chuckle . betty +..- you be not so much multiple personality as spoil brat ... banner you problem be not add so much as laziness . betty it make you sound cruel . but samson take a few of this to pay for all the free work he do . samson pro-whiner to pay for the pro-bono ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50. still laugh ... but something have happen . Banner have put he hand to he forehead and ... he be weep . something long-held be be release and he begin to simply cry . Betty and samson fall silent , bear witness . Betty take he hand until he pull himself together . bruce I be so sorry . it 's be a long time since I feel ... light ... about anything . betty it 's alright ... you be with friend . int . hallway / bedroom / bathroom all say good night . Bruce shake samson 's hand . bruce good night . samson sleep well . samson head for they bedroom . Betty walk Bruce to the spare room . the moment be bittersweet . betty do you need anything ? bruce no . I should go early tomorrow . if I can borrow cash from you , I will take the bus . betty of course . i’1l drive you out to the station . it 's hard for she to leave he alone , awkward . he look so tired and lonely . but she finally turn . int . bathroom Betty shut the door and dissolves , cry hard , silently , stifling it . int . betty and samson 's bedroom - moment later she enter . he can see that she 's cry and come to she . she hug he hard betty thank you . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 51. ext . betty and samson 's house - night all the light off . int . spare room - same Bruce can not sleep : lying in the dark , stare up . memory flash : Betty lie in a sunny room under sheet next to he , play with he hand , bite he fingertip memory flash : Betty lie in a coma , turn to see Ross outside the glass door with two mp 's . he hear a small thump from the live room and turn he head to listen .... int . live room Banner emerge into the dark of the live room , cautious . samson be in front of the fireplace add a log to a small fire he 's get go . he get a pillow and blanket on the couch for himself and a bottle of wine . banner hey ... samson jump badly ... he do not hear Bruce ... samson good lord , you scared I ... he sit on the couch and Banner sit in the chair opposite he . samson ( cont 'd ) I think it might be easier for all of we ... want some wine ? I be have a lot . they both start to laugh because there 's no get around it all . he drain he glass , fill it and give it to Bruce and keep the bottle . they talk in low tone ... banner you be be incredibly generous . I be very sorry to have ... drop in like this . samson I think I read a Raymond carver story about a situation like this once ... ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52. samson ( cont 'd ) I seem to remember think there be a lesson in it but it elude I at the moment . so much for the insight of literature . banner whatever you may think , I do not come here to see Betty ... samson then why do you come ? banner I have a problem ... I think part of the solution might be here . samson cryptic . but I will take it at face value . i’1l confess something to you if you will clear up some thing for I ... first , I confess , as a man ... as Betty 's lover ... that I have always hope you be dead . not because I do not like you but because I love Betty and I have know that unless you be really go , or she believe you be , that there would always be three of we in this relationship . I have dread the think of you walk through the door . but now that you be here ... I have to admit that I be very happy about it . because I be also a psychiatrist . and I be very commit to put light into dark corner , so to speak , and I be very good at find my way into the place people hide they secret . I do it primarily because I think it help they but also frankly because I be interested in what people have to hide . Betty have a very dark corner that I have never find my way into , despite considerable , careful effort . and the only thing I know about she dark place be that you be in it . and I be wonder if you 's 1ll be honest enough to tell I : why be you something that she will not talk about ? this be say simply , directly ... without threat or malice . banner there be ... aspect of my personality that I can not control . and I hurt Betty ... in way I will never forgive myself for . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 53. samson you do not drop you career and fall off the face of the earth for five year because you have get a anger management issue , Bruce . you see a shrink . banner it 's a little more complicated than that . samson , I have be alone for a long time now . I have to be . the toughest part of it be that I worry about what I have do to Betty . if she 's happy and you be a part of that , then that make I very happy . honestly . the last thing I want to do be cause any trouble for she ... or for you . I have kill myself before I have hurt she again . samson totally honest and yet avoid something . exactly like she . int . samson and betty 's house - morning Bruce pull he sweatshirt on , step into the hall . he can hear Betty and samson in the kitchen . talk in low tone ... barely hear .... samson ( 0.s. ) just promise I you will come straight home ... Betty step out into the live room , samson behind she . betty ready ? int . betty 's car - campus road - morning Betty and Bruce drive through campus . banner stop a second ... she pull the car over . ext . campus - continuous Banner get out of the car and step up onto the grass and across the walk path to a spot with a tree and bench and a view of the building and lawn . Betty move next to he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 54. banner what be we do here ? I mean what be we really try to accomplish ? do you ever ask yourself that ? betty we be try to ... understand . crack a puzzle . Advance thing a little . banner I think that 's what we tell ourselves . at least the General be honest about what he want out of it . I do not think we be as honest . betty no , you have turn this on yourself too hard . we do talk about it and we be all comfortable . the worst you can say be that you rush it ... but you take you own risk , you do not ask anybody else too . banner but it be not I that die . betty nobody think something like that be possible ... banner I do not know ... nature take a long time to build we like we be ... this whole delicate wonderfully sophisticated system refine over billion of year . we come in and monkey with it ... think we can improve it overnight . sooner or later it 's go to blow up in we face ... Thunder rumble in the distance .. a summer storm . as they be talk ... he begin to perceive something odd ... people clear away from the open campus ... be it about to rain again ? in the distance beyond a building : a student reacting to something unseen banner 's eye flick : just beyond the far edge of a building a sniper move for position ... they 've come for he . his face tense ... he grab Betty banner ( cont 'd ) they be here . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 55 . betty what ...? banner go home . you have get to get as far away from I as you can , right now ! go !! and he break and run . ext . campus ground left - day he take off at a full sprint , move right to leave along the building , try to outdistance the soldier before they get a bead on he ... ext . campus ground right - day Betty start to run toward the direction they see the soldier . more soldier come into view , sweeping across the grounds between the building head in the direction Bruce go . in the distance , through the campus complex on the road on the far side she see four humvee jump off the road and head the same way along the opposite perimeter of the campus . one have a mounted .50 Cal gun ; two have large strangely shape cannon mounted on the rear ; one have a flamethrower on a swivel mount . Betty start look around , frantic ... ext . campus ground left Banner still sprinting to get in the clear ; catch glimpsis of : Soldiers on foot give chase .. a humvee far off behind the building , accelerate along the grass . banner 's Pov : the treeline -- out beyond the last of the building and across a open expanse of field . int . command / tech support van Ross , cabot and technician , monitoring the progress . Ross be fume that the trap get blow ... cabot be already adjust . ross cabot goddam it ! we have have have sniper target on the run , head 350 , on target in three more minute . sniper 2 have the shot . straight I want to know who wave at that at you 12 blonsky . civilian ... they be go to Sadr City !! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 56. ext . treeline blonsky 's Pov : sniper scope : Banner run directly at he in the long lens of the scope . blonsky get he . reveal : blonsky and three of he team , hide in the tree , wait . ext . campus ground left / ext . treeline - intercut banner running : eye read the field . something ahead catch he eye .. in the treeline : a dull flash . nothing obvious , but light kick off something in the tree . blonsky 's Pov : Banner put on the brake and stop , seem to stare right at he . banner : alarm bell go off .. he break to he right , into the build complex blonsky Pov ( scope ) : banner turn into the building blonsky shit . we be make . he 's go inside . blonsky and he man break from cover and sprint to close in from this side . wide : blonsky and team explode out of the tree and sprint across the wide open space between the forest and the building blonsky be much faster than the other . impossibly fast . ext . campus building - day banner : weaving among the building . get close in . he have to find cover .. he sprint through a enclose courtyard , pull open a side door and duck inside . int . stairwell kneel at the bottom of the stair , rip off he pack , fumble to get something out ... the data card . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 57. ext . campus ground right betty : clear the line of building and see the open roll lawn of the campus and the park and wood beyond then Betty see : a black military mobile command vehicle cruise on the road beyond the lawn , parallel to the action . she head toward it ... int . stairwell banner : he 's get a water bottle out of he pack .. he rip the cap off , and then take the data card and shove it into the back of he throat , forcing it down ... slugging water to choke it back ... he cough and gag but get it down .. he 's not go to lose it after all this . he tear up the stair ... ext . campus ground left soldier : outside swarm around the base of the building start to enter door ... blonsky : reaches the outer edge of the quad , can see that there be troops and vehicle surround the building now . blonsky look alive , this could get interesting . int . university build - hallway banner : at the top floor , around through the corridor , look out a window : Pov : Soldiers enter the base of he building . ext . campus ground right betty : catch up to the Command vehicle on road beyond the grass , run in the grass parallel to it she start to yell . betty I know it 's you ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58. int . command / tech support van ross and cabot be monitoring screen , radiation counter . cabot look out the window to monitor movement on the ground and she spot Betty ... cabot sir...sir ? Ross look up at she ... cabot ( cont 'd ) it 's you daughter . Ross turn .. see Betty outside ... betty ( from outside ) come out of there ! Ross throw the door of the vehicle open and jump out ... two soldier emerge to flank and cover he .. and they stand face each other . betty ( cont 'd ) please do not do this ... he need help ! ross you can not see this clearly now get inside . he move to grab she arm and she resist ... int . pedestrian overpass / ext . ground beyond campus building - intercut banner : burst through double door and into a glass enclosed pedestrian overpass , four stories up , lead to the next building ... soldier' voice ( over radio ) target be in the overpass . have visual . one of rossrs soldier there he be ! Ross , Betty everybody look to see banner streaking across the overpass banner' Pov : through the door ahead - soldier . whip around . more visible back where he come from . he 's trap . ground : Ross dash back at the van ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 59 . ross do not engage ! repeat : do not engage ! cabot hold position , stand down . ross put canister in that tube , one on either side . from shelter cover along the wall of the building below the overpass , two soldier with shoulder fire grenade launchers step out and AIM up at the tube ... and FIRE gas canister up at it . banner : inside the tube look leave and right at soldier hold outside the door at each end of the tube , wonder why they have not move on he when ... smash ! the gas canister burst through the window from below on either side of banner , clank into the ceiling , clatter to the floor and immediately start fill the tube of the overpass with a paralyze gas . banner 's eye go wide , reflexively he take a deep breath and hold it . from the ground : banner drop to he knee up in the tube betty bruce ! ! she break from in front of the Command Van and start run across the wide grass toward the tube ... ross get she back here !! the soldier be already sprint after her . in the tube : fill with white smoke banner spot Betty run across the grass get tackled by two soldier banner' eye go wide just as ... on the ground : blonsky round the corner and look up at the tube filled with smoke ... just in time to see ... a GREEN pulse strobe through the white smoke blonsky , Ross , Betty and cabot react ... radiation monitor in the van spike into red script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 60. cabot geiger 's lighting up ! ross alright ... now we will see . light flicker over the Soldiers on either side of the door soldier be Pov : banner 's figure through the double door ... double over on the floor .. mostly obscure by the white smoke banner' face : mostly hidden in smoke , twisted in agony .. but even through the smoke we can see ... that the color of he skin be surging a dark GREEN . on the ground : see from below the tube be now fill with white smoke . no figure be visible . betty 's face , look up at the tube as ... a hand and arm slap up against the glass , clawing in agony ... normal except for its greenish gray color and then that arm start to swell and ripple , muscle exploding along the length of it ... and then the arm drop out of sight . soldier' Pov : obscure by smoke . a muffled howl of pain coming from inside the tube the figure in the smoke now a enormous dark shape on its knee ... it begins to rise . from below : the shadow rise into view , slowly turn , shaking its head ... throws its arm back wide and roar ... smashing its fist forward glass shatter along the entire length of the tube , smoke pouring out of it ... revealing ... the hulk . our first full view of he .. muscle rippling , pouring he rage out on the puny people below ... cabot they should not put this in the recruitment video . and then hulk leap down from above , smoke trailing off he as he fall ... pounding into the ground , making it tremble . landing with one knee bent ... he rise up to fight . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 61. ext . campus perimeter - day the lawn and field between the campus building and the wood . ross we be go to bravo . move he 360 in range of the cannon . keep you cool and be ready to move . Alpha team give he all of it . immediately a barrage of machine gun FIRE pound into the hulk 's right ... blasting from the sculpture garden . six Soldiers with assault rifle support by a humvee with a mounted .50 Cal . round pepper the hulk like bee , sting and enrage he . he throw up a arm to ward they off but then instead of be drive leave he turn and charge into the FIRE the .50 caliber start blasting this round hit hulk harder , with the flat smack of a bullet hit a tree . they hurt . hulk raise up he hand like a shield , the heavy round pounding against he palm and raking down he legs but he come charging on and Soldiers scatter ... humvee driver Pov : hulk coming at he . he floor it in reverse but too late ... hulk raise he fist high and bring they down through the engine block , crushing the nose into the ground . hand in the engine block , he heave the vehicle up , the gunner still clinging on for life , and smashes it against the massive black , steel plate of a 20 foot high calder sculpture , over and over . the humvee disintegrate in explosion of metal and gas , scatter remaining soldier liquid flame : blasting in from hulk 's left , flow over he shoulder and back , sing he skin and hair roaring he spin behind the huge sculpture , the engine block still dangling in he hand . from profile now we can see that a mounted flamethrower on another humvee be pour a stream of flame across the lawn at hulk , the FIRE blasting against the plate of the sculpture and flowing around and past hulk . the jet cut off as the vehicle maneuver to get a angle on hulk and in this split second break script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 62. hulk step out , raise the engine block over he head and hurl it like soccer throw -in , pulverize the vehicle and flame gun which catch FIRE , the driver crushed , the gunner spilling out in flame and rolling . thunder crack and hulk roar he displeasure ... ross ( cont ’d ) cabot goddam it !! I need real base , we need that bird on firepower , where 's we air target without delay ... support ?! ross ( cont 'd ) if you can not push he get he to chase you but move he toward that cannon , damn it --! kaboom : the flame thrower and humvee explode int . samson and bettya' house samson : at home in the kitchen . under the rumble of thunder he hear the explosion . his head jerk up . mind start racing ... ext . samson and bettya' house exit he front door and hear the clatter of small arm fire ... and he start to run . ext . campus perimeter back at the fight : soldier be pepper the hulk with machine gun fire from up in the broken shell of the overpass and from blonsky 's position . hulk ignore they , bullet smack he back and clanking off the steel plate of the big sculpture . hulk like this plate and he heave against one , tear it off it 's metal hang arm , hold it 's center mount bolt like the handle of a huge shield . he pull against a second plate -- the rivet popping and the SOUND of metal screeching as it tear away . blonsky : realizing that somebody 's get to come up with a better idea : blonsky cover I .... blonsky race across the grass straight at the back of ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 63. hulk : with a final pop of rivet the plate tear off . he now have two huge steel shield , one with jagged torn edge like a circular see blade . and then something hard and heavy strike the back of he head and explode under he , sting he leg ... he turn .... blonsky . throw grenade like fastball , perfect strike . he 's get hulk 's attention and that 's what blonsky want . blonsky ( cont ’d ) remember I ? hulk roar and chase blonsky , wield he plate like scythes ... blonsky dodge and fight with what increasingly look like impossible ( enhance ) strength and speed . leaping to avoid the slicing plate , springboarding off of they , while turning and firing he weapon into the hulk at close range . ross : reacting to he secret weapon ross Jesus , he 's do it ... ear on !! soldier : in all position , scramble to pull the ear protection on . blonsky : at a dead sprint now , actually move out on hulk a little blonsky Pov : 100 yd out , two humvee about 50 yd apart in the field ... large cannon pointing right at blonsky he 's dash between they . cannon soldier : unsure if they should fire , blonsky in the field of fire ... blonsky hit he .... hit he now !! and they FIRE : but this be no normal cannon . the be sonic cannon , unleash a murderous cone of low - frequency sound . huge circular wave expand as they warp the air move at blonsky and hulk . blonsky be go to be caught in the cross FIRE with hulk ... but he dive over 20 feet into the safety zone and roll , come up and look back at ... hulk : engulfed in the SOUND wave . the first one hit he slightly from the front leave , knock he down on he right knee . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 64. the second one come right on the heel of the first , pound in from the right , catch he in a crush crossfire . he hand fly to he head . with he over - amp sense this be the worst thing that could happen to he . the wave spill across hulk and beyond he , expand and decimate all in they path . tree vibrate and split ; window in the face of the building explode and brick and mortar tremble . soldier on the tube : scramble to get inside the building as the already broken tube come apart . one soldier : from blonsky 's position who watch the hulk chase blonsky past , dashing out of oncoming wave .... stumble . get hit and literally blown sideways , ear protection come loose , blood coming out he ear and nose and mouth , he inside pulverize . hulk : howling in pain . on he knee , he shield on the ground in front of he , he skin literally rippling under the wave of sound wrapping around behind he head : the scene distort into hulka reality ... the wave be nightmare of distortion ... almost like be hammered by steel . the world a distorted blur beyond anything we 've yet see . dark GREEN blood trickling out he ear : he brain be literally be scramble . ross net ! soldier in two two man team with rpg - like unit , run forward into the point of the ' V 's between the cannon wave and FIRE ... nets ... expanding webs of super -strong steel cable dropping over hulk hulk fall forward onto one fist , try to hold himself up , he arm sticking through the nets . betty : can not take anymore betty you be kill he ! she start to run toward he but the same soldier chase and hold her back . samson : dash past the last edge of the campus right building and run toward the Sculpture Garden see ... carnage : Soldiers and metal lie at the foot of the sculpture , the smoking wreckage of the flamethrower vehicle script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 65. and a impossible sight : a huge GREEN hulking form engulf in net and wave of distortion ... he look right , search ... Betty - hold by two soldier strain toward the thing . samson betty !! and as he shout this Betty strain forward scream at the hulk : betty bruuce !! samson : follow she gaze back to the hulk . and suddenly samson understand what be in that dark corner she would not let he into . he stand gape at the impossible . ross : move to pull Betty back to the van . betty ( cont 'd ) bruce ! ! hulk : hear she scream and turn he head and sees betty and hear that name . a GREEN pulse in the base of he skull as rage course through he : his strength and form visibly swell and he strain upward , raise one of the plate ... but the sound wave be too much for he and he drop the plate against the other one clang : the clanging of the metal , disrupt the wave around he for a just for a second and he feel it .. with titanic effort , he arm stick through the net ..he heave up on the steel plate , every muscle strain and burst with new power , he spread he arm wide and smashes the plate together like giant cymbal ... the crash be unbelievable and the vibration push the sonic wave clear of he for a moment and in this moment of freedom ... with he right arm he hurl one plate like a massive throwing STAR at the left -hand cannon and the plate cut the humvee and the cannon in half and possibly its operator too . the SOUND wave be coming back into focus from the remain cannon but now hulk have he other bigger shield up in front of he left shoulder and the SOUND pour against it and over and around it . in this shelter he rip the net off of himself with he right hand . and leans the shield against the SOUND wave and begins to advance . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 66. blonsky and other FIRE on he hitting he legs but .. leaning into it like a man walking into a firehose hulk close on the cannon , bend down , and leap up and out of the cone of SOUND , and coming down with he shield directly on the cannon , smashing it and the whole rear of the humvee as neatly as a car - crusher in a junk yard . silence : hulk step off the crush car , Shield in he leave hand . pilot 's voice ( over radio ) two minute out , Major ... ross all position , keep he engage , do not let he leave and prepare to fall back on my order ... nobody move . nobody 's engage that thing anymore ... except blonsky . he get up and come at hulk . unload he final clip at hulk just to get he attention as he circle round to face he . whip up a m-79 grenade launcher , break the short fat tube open and load a mortar round . hulk stand strangely still ... watch blonsky . pilot 's voice close ... what 's the target ? cabot 290 from my position , 300 yd , ten foot tall and green pilot 's voice come again . ross you hear right . put everything you have get on it . take it out . Ground team pull back ... ross / cabot / betty Pov : across the grass , blonsky on the right squaring off against hulk , huge on the leave , dwarf he . blonsky come on , Banner !! that all you get !? ross ( over radio ) blonsky , fall back now ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 67. hulk ’'s eye narrow . this one he really doesn ’t like . he lift he shoulder with the shield as though he might swing it . blonsky come on let 's see what else you have g-- smash !! with blinding speed , hulk snap he foot out and catch blonsky totally flatfooted the whole bottom of hulk 's massive sole meet blonsky 's body square on , instantly break every bone in he body and send he hurtling 50 yds in the AIR , landing and skidding for 100 yds more through grass , skidding like a limp broken doll . the thunder crack and it begins to rain . hulk turn toward ross and betty 's position and start walking toward they . ross fall back ! Bird hit the deck , fall back ! in the distance , maybe the first faint dull thwop of a rotor . soldier in Ross 's team scramble back across the road . pile out of the command van ... ross and cabot hustling too ... abandon the van . Ross 's eye dart to he soldier who hold Betty ... they be move across the road ... the next all happen within second : ross turn to see ... betty moving toward hulk across the grass samson : watch wide -ey as betty step up to the monster , hear a sound behind he and turn . a apache gunship arc in over tree , low in the distance and hover into position . c.u.- gunship targeting computer : target acquisition zone in on the massive form of the hulk 's back , not see Betty on the other side of he hulk and betty face each other . Betty reach a hand up to touch he arm ... betty Bruce ...? dim recognition on hulk 's face pilot 's voice ( over radio ) hold onto you hat ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 68. ross hold fire ---!!! too late -—- massive gatlin cannon of the apache unload , tearing up the earth around hulk and betty samson no ! betty instinctively press into hulk 's body for shelter . round pound into hulk 's back ... some actually slice through the flesh of he legs , tear the skin on he back keeping betty behind he , hulk turn to face the onslaught , roaring . . the apache start to accelerate toward he to bring the full concentration of FIRE on he cabot cease FIRE !! the gunship be a quarter mile away now and very low and come on fast . hulk torque he body like a greek discus thrower and ... hurl the massive plate through the AIR the gunship never see the missile until it 's too late it rip through the rotor tower , literally cleaving the whole MAIN rotor off the ship and the ship goe down ... nose first , dropping out of the AIR as it pass over samson plowing into the ground 50 yds from hulk and betty hulk spin he back to the explosion , wrapped around betty . the gunship explode , the flame and metal tumbling along the ground and completely engulfing hulk and betty . everybody knocked to the ground by the concussion of the fireball . from the ground Ross look up at the inferno that probably kill he daughter , and see ... hulk emerging from the flame , cradling and shelter a unconscious betty . he snarl at ross , then thunder crack and he head jerk up sensing more assault .... rain start pouring down script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 69 . and he run .... across the lawns , past soldier and wreckage , past blonsky 's body , he stride lengthening with each step smashing into the tree and out of frame into the dark . ext . betty and samson 's house - day - rain samson stand in the empty garage ross ( 0.s. ) you do the right thing call we . reveal : ross , stand in the garage with samson . military vehicle wait in the street . ross ( cont 'd ) you be doubting it now because it go bad but you instinct be right . you see who he be now ... what he be . samson no , I do not actually . he be not what I think he have be at all . it be strange to I that she would never say what have happen between they ... she 's one of the most honest people I know . but it be this , be not it ? and you know about it too ... you be all a part of it ? ross I need to know where they be go . she will be in incredible danger as long as she 's with he . samson from who ? he protect she . you almost kill she . ross I give you my word that she safety be my Main concern at this point . Bruce 's as well . I care about he more than you realize . I do not want to hurt he , I want to help he . samson you know it 's a point of professional pride with I that I can always tell when somebody be lie . he be not ... and you be . but I do not know where he be go . I know that she ’1ll help he if she can . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 70. ross then she will be aid a fugitive and I will not be able to help either of they . Ross walk out the driveway to he wait van . samson I use to wonder why she never talk about you ... now I know . Ross walk away without look back . ext . forest - night - rain hulk emerge from the tree in the rain hold Betty hulk spy a cave open in the rock ... ext./ int . cave - night hulk lay she gently down inside the open out of the rain . this wake Betty and , disorient she react in terror to the monstrous face next to hers ... she scream and punch he reflexively ... he growls surprised . betty oh no ... I be sorry ... I be ... but he be already stand up . he can not fit under the roof so stand in the entrance . Betty stare up at he . then she notice ... that he be wounded . hulk shot : over he leave . Betty stand and come toward he . betty ( cont 'd ) you be hurt . and as we slide across behind the head reality morph into hulka vision ... hallucinatory , distort . betty fracture into two , the SOUND of rain like a acid sizzle , etc ... betty ( cont 'd ) Bruce , can you understand I ? be you hurt ? Betty 's voice cut through the bad trip he 's on and thing actually settle and straighten out a bit but then ... white flash of lightning .. see still in we hulk view . supercharge , annihilate , terrifying . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 71. hulk 's face : rage explode in he face and he whip around look for the source of the assault , roar and the wood , grab a mammoth rock and as the thunder crash , hurl it at the sky . he roar back at the thunder . betty ( cont 'd ) it 's okay ... we be okay . she step out in the rain and touch he arm and he turn , still growl ... she take he massive hand betty 's Pov : closeup on hulk 's arm - in the deep cut we can literally see hulk 's body healing itself betty ( cont 'd ) come here ... come on . she pull he down out of the rain and he huff and sit down and she sit with he . she sit with he calming he . from wide outside the cave we can see the outline of the two of they sit together in the dark , lightning pop a flash on the image of the woman and the monster sit together .... blackout . int . army base hospital ward - same night Ross be come into the icu with a doctor ross will he walk again ? doctor most of the bone in he body look like crush gravel right now . if he life he will be lucky if he can lift the straw to eat he liquid meal . they come to blonsky 's bed . he have every tube imaginable in he . doctor ( cont 'd ) I will say this , he 's get a heart like a machine . never see anything like it outside a race horse . ext . cave - morning Bruce and Betty wake up in the cave . he try to rise and retch . Bruce have scar all over he body where the hulk 's wound be make . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 72. ext . motel - day appalachia or maybe the smoky . some little nowhere town in the mountain . betty be come along the ground floor unit with a key . Bruce emerge from behind the ice machine , wear she coat over he nude torso and shred pants . she help he into the room . int . motel room —- day Banner emerge from the shower , a towel around he . bathroom full of steam . no sign of Betty . focus on : banner 's body -- all scar be gone . totally heal . tighter on Banner : he wipe steam off the mirror and ... the hulk 's face snarl at he -- a flash of hulk - memory of the gunship round come at he no more than a flash but it double he over the sink . jump cut : few minute later the door the room open and Betty come in with a number of shopping bag . she hear ... banner throwing up in the bathtub . she wait , concerned . he emerge . betty still feel sick ? bruce no , I feel better . get my data back . he hold up the little data flash Card . it work . betty I think I have get a good selection for you . first thing first ... she toss he a new pulse monitor . bruce you be kid I ... betty target : they have get everything . okay , it be not armani but ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 73. he put it on as she start show he clothes . she hold up a large pair of stretchy purple pant bruce I be a irradiate freak , that do not mean I have lose my sense of style . he change . his hair be a unkempt mess . betty when be the last time anybody but you cut you hair , Mr. style Council ? timecut : Bruce in a chair with a towel around he shoulder . Betty cut he hair . he check suspiciously with he finger . betty ( cont 'd ) I have do this before . he drop he head forward , let she rub he neck a little . betty ( cont 'd ) I do not know how you have do this alone . bruce with clipper usually ... no , I do not want you to be afraid all the time . betty it be frightening . but it be worse not know ... he twist around and they be kissing and it all break loose . he push her toward the bed and onto it and move on top of her pulse monitor : 89...90... 91 he hear it .. glance : 94...95 he slow ... anguish bruce no , wait ... I be sorry ... betty what ...? bruce we can not ... betty it 's okay ... I want to . bruce no ... I can not . I can not get too ... excited . she understand now . they want to and know it but they can not . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 74. betty not even a little excited ? Banner study she face , he 's imagine this moment so many time . bruce I think I could not risk this ... that it be better to deal with it alone . but it be not ... this be better . I want so much to ... it be so hard just to move from place to place ... so risky . I send you small thing to try to let you know ... I send you a canthia tigris from Brazil . I do not know if ... betty I get it . bruce I be so sorry ... so sorry ... she stop he and shake she head and kiss he . int . army base - planning room / int . pentagon office - night - intercut Ross be at a desk off the open room of a Strategic Operations Command Center . the desk on the floor be empty . Ross be up late alone . a wall -mounted tv be tune to news , report the dramatic battle . some footage of a explosion see from a newscopter far away . a tv news reporter report live from the edge of the campus run over the follow dialogue . reporter rumor continue to swirl about a violent clash between force of the US Army and a unknown adversary on the campus of Southern polytech earlier today ... authority have renew the long - cold hunt for fugitive government scientist David Bruce Banner .... banner 's picture fill the screen . Ross on the phone with SAM greller ... speak hurriedly , overlap each other . ross .-. for goddsake Sam , the National Guard can not get tent to hurricane zone in time , you be tell I I have get to liase with part-timer ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 75 . gen . greller : stand in the foyer outside the large panele door of a Pentagon Conference room . greller it 's domestic on paper so Guard and FBI have to be involved ... ross FBI !! do the Chiefs get a look at that tape ?! do they think that be a video game ? greller they see they , nobody 's doubting anymore ... ross what 's the FBI gonna do ... pull out badge ? why do not we get atf while we be at it ! greller it 's formality , T. use they for intel and then tell they to back off . the Chiefs be give you total authority to run this operation . make you list of what you need and get back to I . Ross hang up . look up at the news in time to catch : tv news : reporter stand with two college kide , slacker , clearly stone . reporter very few outside the military get a first - hand look at they rumor adversary . sophomore Jack mcghee and Kevin feige be come home from a hike and witness some of the battle . mcghee capture this on he cell phone extremely grainy image of hulk battling see from far away reporter ( cont ’d ) can you describe what you see ? mcghee dude , it be like a huge and green ... huge ... I mean like the way Steve nash look stand next to shaq ... shaq would look like that stand next to this ... feige dude , it be so big . it be like this huge .... hulk script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 76 . reporter further search for the mysterious ' hulk 's be delay by powerful thunderstorm in the smoky Mountain National forest . ross break away as cabot enter breathless : cabot it 's blonsky . int . army base hospital ward - hallway and icu cabot and Ross hustle down the hall , Ross grim face . as they come through the icu door ross have anybody find out if he have next of kin or family ? cabot you can ask he yourself . blonsky 's bed : doctor and nurse stand around the end of it part to reveal : blonsky : sit up on the end of the bed in he underwear , talk and laugh with doctor . he be completely heal . more than heal , he look stronger than ever , literally . the super - soldier serum be turning he into a adonis . blonsky be grin like a cat . astounded Ross shake he hand . blonsky Sir . ross good to see you on you foot , soldier . how do you feel ? blonsky piss off and ready for round 3 . int . motel room —- morning on the bed : phone ; credit card ; bank card ; license ; $ 70 cash , make - up ; University id , small camera . banner : all but the cash , camera go back in the purse . banner can not use any of it but the cash . do not even turn the phone on , they can track it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 77. betty my lipstick ? can they track that ? banner no you can keep that . betty not go to get where we be go on 70 buck . banner not quickly enough . Betty turn and reach for a small chain around she throat , pull up a gold pendant . take it off . banner ( cont 'd ) no . it 's the only thing of hers that you have . no. betty we will get it back . int . army base —- planning room - day Ross have a real team assemble now . technician , intel , law - enforcement . all of it . there be at least two dozen people in the room and cabot be wrapping up the briefing . Ross stand to the side . banner and betty 's photo fill the screen cabot ... Federal be already monitoring phone , plastic and Dr. Ross 's web account , and local PD 's have be put on alert ... they 'il pop up somewhere and when they do it come straight to we ... ross they will not just pop up . he make it five year and get across border without make a mistake and he will not use a damn credit card now . if he be try to escape he have be long go . but he 's not try to escape ... he 's look for help . and that 's how we be go to get he . we do not know where they be go but we know what they be after and we know he 's be talk to somebody . you have all get copy of that correspondence . there be only a few hundred people in world who have what he need . figure out who they be , he 's go to one of they . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 78. cabot under no circumstance whatsoever be you people to engage this subject directly . apprehension will be handle exclusively from this office . call it in and we will tell you what to do . ext . pawn shop - day Betty exite with cash . she pawn she mother 's locket . betty we will get it back . int . gas station - day Bruce and Betty with a '' for sale '' sign in they hand , buy something in cash from the young guy behind the counter . the guy be on a computer . Banner offer the guy $ 50 . banner mind if I send a quick email off you account ? guy take the money happily and Banner quickly plug in the data card and send a message to Mr. Blue / stern . screen / email : '' what you request be attach . maybe it 's time to meet . Green . '' ext . gas station Betty and Bruce get into they newly purchase batter old pickup truck . Bruce get in the passenger side ... betty hey ... he turn and she have she little camera out . he give she a quizzical look . betty ( cont 'd ) it 's be worse than this before right ? bruce yes ... much worse . betty then we be on the way to something better . he smile a sad uncertain smile and she snap the picture . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 79 . int . / ext . pickup truck on the highway - night Betty drive . Banner stare out in to the dark , a darker mood back on he . betty penny for you thought . banner how long have you know samson ? betty about a year and a half . he come to lecture on a fellowship and stay . banner do you trust he ? betty yes . I do . Bruce , you know that I ... banner you do not have to explain anything to I . ever . he seem like a good man and he treat you well and that make I happy . betty he do . I never trust he with this . trust be not the right word . I do not test he faith in I by ask he to believe something I still can not believe myself . banner who could ? sometimes I even convince myself it 's not real . betty what be it like ... when it happen ? what do you experience ? banner remember that clinical experiment we volunteer for at Harvard ? the induce hallucination ? it 's like that , amplify by a thousand . it feel like someone be pour a liter of acid into my brain . the sound be the worst . betty do you remember anything ? banner fragment . nothing I can derive anything from . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 80. betty but then it 's still you ... inside it . banner it 's not I . betty in the cave , I feel that you know ... that it know I . maybe you mind be in there it 's just ... overcharge ... can not process what 's happen . you know samson work with people on ' conscious dream 's , help they direct themselves out of they nightmare even though the conscious brain seem asleep ... maybe ... banner I do not want to control it . I want to get rid of it . it kill people . it almost kill you . I do not do that thing . betty of course not ... he look out the window in silence , torment . int . army base medical lab - night blonsky sit on the table . two medical tech be prepping the syringe that we see deliver blonsky he first dose of Super soldier serum . he 's get more . reveal ross : stand there . he 's authorize it . ross you ready ? blonsky let 's even the game a little . dream image : a rough wooden door open from the inside out , bright sunlight wash in to reveal high peak of the himalayas ; a rocky path lead up to we and on it a monk in saffron and red robe . he look up at we and hold up a hand in greeting and smile . int . / ext . pickup truck on the highway - morning banner wake up : disorient . the radio be on news ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 81. betty I think I should let you sleep . banner where be we ? betty stuck in traffic . but get close . he look around . traffic lockup . Radio talk about traffic delay due to heighten security alert . he open the door and stand up to look . Pov : the gate of a toll booth a long way ahead ( maybe we see that it say '' Holland tunnel '' . he can see uniform officer actually stand by toll gate look at face . banner let 's go . betty go where ? banner we have get to get out . betty right here ... I mean ... now ? banner yes , right here .... let 's go . wide and high above the traffic jam - looking straight down : the door of the truck open and two figure slide out ... pick they way through honk car and disappear . ext . STREET - jersey CITY - industrial area - day Banner and Betty walk down the sidewalk and we pan and see that they be head for the water 's edge . ext . dock banner and betty talk to a older guy stand by a rail with a fishing pole and bucket ( Stan Lee ! ) . they be offer he some money and he 's nodd . ext . hudson river - new york CITY skyline - day Bruce and Betty in the bow of a small outboard motor boat . the older guy throttles up and as they move out into the river we tilt up to reveal : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 82. new york CITY : and this be where they be head . ext . STREET by battery park - day Betty and Bruce on the sidewalk by a kiosk with a map betty Long way uptown . Subway 's quick . banner I in a tight metal tube underground with hundred of other people in the most aggressive city in the world ? betty right . let 's get a cab . int . / ext . new york CITY cab scream up 6th Avenue . the driver be without a doubt the most terrifying cab driver in a whole city of bad cab driver . slash across two lane , accelerate like a F - 1 racer , brake and honk nearly kill a bike messenger , racing through yellow light from much too far away . all with radio blaring and on cell phone talk a mile a minute . Banner and Betty get toss around like doll . pulse monitor : 97...98.. 99 Banner : head back eye close , breathe deeply . ext . STREET - columbus circle ( or bryant park ) slam ! Betty and Banner have bail on Hell ride . Betty hurl money in increment through the passenger window . betty --.god forbid you should give a shit about the live , breathe people in the back of you office on wheel with no shock ... driver what 's the matter baby ? you no like a good ride ? he make a kiss noise and take off . Betty boot the rear panel as he go script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 83. betty asshole !! bruce you know I can show you some technique to help you manage that rage a little better ... betty Zip it . we be walk . ext . central park west - day Banner and Betty walk up along the Park past the Natural History Museum . ext . columbia university - gate at 116th and broadway Banner and Betty enter the gate of columbia university . int . army base - planning room - side office - day cabot in a glass - in office off the OPEN room full of desk and terminal . a intelligence officer walk in with a file officer that 's from quantico . they be get blank . the academic language in the publish stuff could be three dozen off we list . and we have not even get sample for three dozen more . cabot sigh ... she nod and the officer go out . she rub she temple and stare at she computer . get a ' what the fuck 's look on she face and type : screen : Google search : '' Mr Blue cellular biology '' a bunch of link come up and she click one and get : a you tube video : scientist JR stern hold a press conference to demonstrate a breakthrough for medical science . stern '' , .. full cell saturation , a method of move desire compound into every cell in the body which will revolutionize medical therapy . '' video : stern put a inert blue dye into a wild looking machine hook up to a young graduate student . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 84 . in front of we eye , the student start to turn blue . people laugh and clap at the demonstration . student ( 0.s. ) what 's he name ? stern who , Mr. Blue here ? cabot : bolt forward , eye wide . her finger fly across the keyboard , type in the name '' JR stern cellular biology '' a Google link appear for Columbia University . cabot click on the link and upload a photo of Professor JR stern , the same man in the you tube video . cabot burst into the doorway of her office cabot they be go to New York !! int / ext . columbia university science build lobby - day Professor stern emerge . betty Excuse I , Dr stern ? stern yes . betty sorry to bother you . I be Elizabeth Ross . stern Dr. Ross , my goodness ... I read you wonderful paper on synthesize nucleotide !! to what do I owe the ... betty there 's someone I have like to introduce you to ... banner Mr. Blue , I presume . stern Mr Green ! int . stern 's lab - day - some time later the lab have a bit of the ' mad scientist 's clutter to it . stern speak very quickly . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 85. stern +.. it take some work , let I tell you , we have never try to concentrate the trimethodine a tenth of what you peak exposure correlate with . that you survive a event like that to stand here and discuss this .... it have something to do with Dr. Ross 's protein primer capacitate the cell of course , but it 's beyond my reckoning ... we could study it for year . betty but you think you have get the concentration right ? stern well yes ... on paper anyway . and my cell saturation will make sure we do not miss any spot ... but ... even if we hit the level right , I can not promise this will cure you . it might only be a antidote to suppress the specific flare up . when you have one of this ' spike 's ... be the experience extreme ? banner you might say that . stern well I can not wait to see it ! you know I must say ... I wonder if you be real . and if you be I wonder what it would look like ... a person with that much power lurking in he . nothing could have surprised I more than this unassume young man shaking my hand ! ( hesitates ) I would be remiss however if I do not point out that this concentration carry extraordinary level of toxicity . if we be over by even a small integer , the residual could kill you . will kill you . banner there 's a flip side to that ... if we miss on the low side ... if we induce I and it fail ... it will be very dangerous for you . stern I have always be more curious than cautious . it 's serve I well so far but if that 's what kill this cat in the end ... well at least I 'o 1ll have peek around a few corner . ( smile ) ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 86. stern ( cont 'd ) so then we be all agree ? ( they nod ) into the glorious unknown ! ext . military base - evening Ross 's force mobilize . a sikorsky wind up its jet . int . locker room - continuous blonsky stand alone , stare at himself in the mirror , study he own face . something be change in he . he shoulder and neck seem to have grown massive literally overnight . as he study he body and face , we pull round to he reflection , back over he shoulder , further back revealing he naked back and we can see something that even he can not ... .-- something very strange be happening to the bone in he spine . they have become too big , almost simian , protrude from between he enlarge back muscle in a disturbing way . ext / int . sikorsky - evening blonsky load in with other special force soldier . there be three two man sniper team with special thermal scope and rifle against one wall . blonsky sit against the wall next to a familiar face , a soldier who be in the campus fight with he . soldier how you feel , man ? blonsky like a monster . blonsky grunt aggressively and flexe he arm . he arm muscle actually tear he sleeve a little . the other soldier shoot a look around . cabot and Ross come back to the rear to brief the team . she have copy of blueprint of the layout of stern build and surrounding building blonsky ( cont ’d ) back on the hulk hunt , Major ... cabot Banner be the target . sniper have the point . Delta in backup . if we make it before they move we will have two try . if we can not take he inside , we will try for a shot as he exit . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 87. cabot ( cont 'd ) if we can not hit he unaware before he make the street then plainclothes will try to follow and we stand down . under no circumstance be Banner to be engage directly . if we can not get a shot we fall back and let he go . blonsky and if he go nuclear ? ross then we will have fail to learn from we mistake , will not we ? you have get the compact sonic . try to at least move he out of the city center toward the river . then disengage . we ’1ll follow from the air but not fight . any question ? blonsky not much of a rematch . cabot 1.5 million people within a five mile radius . you want to fight that thing here ? cabot step to the front of the cabin , sit near Ross . cabot ( cont 'd ) you sure about you boy ? ross I need a dog in the hunt that 's not go to run from a bear if it show up . if we do this right , I 'il never have to let he off the leash . int . stern 's lab - evening stern and Betty make the preparation to ' treat 's Banner . there be a table that look disturbingly like a set - up for a lethal injection . a little bit of a frankenstein vibe too . Banner strip to he lycra short and give he clothes to Betty . banner think of all the money I 'il save on wardrobe if this work . if this start to go bad , promise I you will not stay and try to help I . betty Bruce ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 88. banner it 's the worst when it start . you have to promise I you will run or I can not do this . Betty nod . stern indicate the nylon medical restraint . stern if you have a strong reaction this will keep you from hurt yourself . banner if I have a strong reaction you be not go to need to worry about I . Banner climb on the table . stern tilt it back so that Banner be still at a slight angle and begin to strap he in . stern put a i.v. in each of Banner 's arm and leg link to the cell saturation machine which he prime . a canister with the antidote and some sort of futuristic spinner or plunger to send it through he body . then he put contact pad connect to electrical wire on Banner 's temple . and finally a plastic bite suppressor for Banner 's mouth . Banner shake it off . stern ready ? stern jolt banner with electricity . a lot of it . it hit he and he whole body spasm , every muscle in he body strain against the strap , eye clench and then - close on banner 's eye : snap open , GREEN light glow . a pulse of GREEN in the base of he skull send green gamma energy shoot through he body , he skin flood with color from top to bottom , spread from the base of he skull as the gamma ENERGY shoot out of he brain . stern ( cont 'd ) my God ...! betty there 's more . wait for it ! now we see the full agony of it as Banner 's body start to swell and stretch and harden . we should feel the trauma of it on he bone and muscle . stern be staggered . Betty watch the man she love be torture in front of she , he howl in agony . stern step closer ... too close . the restraint pop like rubber band , one of they strike stern who get knock back and daze ... the hulk be appear on the table , still in spasm . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 89 . betty ( cont 'd ) now ! do it ! the table start to buckle under the weight as the hulk continue to grow . hulk be go to lift he head up and get seriously angry any second ... but then betty literally jump onto the table over he , lean on that massive torso , look for he eye . betty ( cont 'd ) bruce , stay with I ! Banner / hulk howl . betty ( cont 'd ) do it now !!!! stern hit the button and the antidote start to flow into he . and slowly , painfully , the process start to reverse . you can almost see the fluid move through that massive vein and find its way into every corner and calm the radiation fire in he blood . and he shrink ... finally , Banner be back , lie on the buckle table with Betty kneel over he . she stroke he forehead . he 's drench in sweat , wrung out like a marathoner . betty ( cont 'd ) it 's alright . you be alright . it 's over . ext . central park NORTH lawn - night helicopter landing . sniper and blonsky 's team hit the ground run . cabot and ross move with mobile communications team right behind . all head into wait unmarked van on 110th ST . int . stern 's lab - night they be debrief . stern talk a mile a minute . stern --- the pulse come from the amygdala . I think Dr. Ross 's ' primer 's let the cell absorb the energy temporarily and then it abate . that 's why you do not die of radiation sickness year ago . now maybe we have neutralize that cell permanently or maybe we just suppress that event . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 90. stern ( cont 'd ) I be inclined to think the latter because none of we test subject have a decline in absorption capacity , but of course they be get gamma in much lower dose externally each time ... but you ! it 's like you have get a turbo booster in you brain . it 's one of the most wonderful thing I have ever see ! betty it 's not wonderful for Bruce . stern in a medical science sense , of course . you be miraculous . betty so how do you know it would work ? stern I do not . but now that we have the data on Bruce 's initial - banner wait . you say ' test subject 's . what test subject ? stern gesture and they follow he to a door . ext . new york CITY rooftop - night sniper team take roof position around stern lab building . each team with one shooter and one spotter with a thermal scanner . scanner spring on line . a thermal image of Betty , Banner and stern move from one part of the lab into another . cabot ( over radio ) target be the tallest , in the middle . int . columbia university science build - continuous night . no civilian . a nypd swat officer be hustling a security guard out of the lobby . blonsky and he team move into position in lobby . blonsky near the stairwell . int . stern 's lab / int . lobby / int . command post in another build lobby / ext . rooftop - intercutting stern 's lab - the other room : mutated animal : rat , rheesus monkey - some normal , other slightly hulk - out version of themselves ... none Green , they be more grey . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library gl. banner oh my god ... what have you be do ? stern well you do not send I much of yourself to work with and I could not risk blow the opportunity so we concentrate it and grow more . the same thing you be try to do with the corablanca ! you be my flower , see ? Banner be look around in horror : he worst nightmare be come true before he eye . he have be replicate . stern ( cont 'd ) a lot of the first pass do not survive of course but as you can see we be do much better . and we be only give they very low - dose gamma so no power - lifter yet but the interesting thing ... banner you have get to destroy all of it . stern sorry , what ... banner all of it . right now . show I you supply . stern you must be joke . we will share a Nobel for this , the three of we ! think of the application . banner it do not matter if it can not be control ... you do not know the power of what we be deal with here ! stern but we have get the antidote now ! thermal image : of the three as see by sniper . Banner move into a window zone , but Betty block a clean shot . cabot : sit in front of a panel of video monitor , observe the soldier camera feed . Ross stand behind she . cabot at you discretion shooter . sniper : eye to he scope ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 92. shooter almost ... blonsky and team : silent , firearm at the ready , wait for something , anything . shooter ( over radio ) ( cont 'd ) no shot . blonsky lose patience and he bolt into the stair . command post : on monitor : blonsky 's dot on the move . soldier ( over radio ) blonsky 's go in ... he 's go in ! ross blonsky ! stand down ! int . stairwell - continuous blonsky take entire flight in a jump easily . he go up eight storey in second . cabot ( over radio ) shooter , be advise ... shooter ( over radio ) almost ... int . stern 's lab -— continuous banner they do not want the antidote ! they want a weapon . they want it to fight for they and if they get it then we lose control of it ! stern oh look I hate the government too but you be be a little paranoid do not you th ---? crunch ! the sound of something fast go through glass . stern 's Pov : Banner have a funny look on he face . he turn to reveal ... a tranq dart in the back of he neck . stern scream , back away from the window . Banner 's eye widen . shooter ( over radio ) target be hit ... dart onboard . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 93. pulse monitor : surging through 120...122...125 ... banner get out now . his knee start to buckle and Betty rush over and catch he . pulse monitor : 119...117 ...115 ... blonsky : explode through the door , rifle raise . betty : jump up in front of banner blonsky shove her ... too hard , he strength abnormal ... and she be knock five foot before hit the ground on she arm , cry out in pain . banner 's eye : livid ... but hazy , struggle to focus . blonsky look at he , he eye boring into Banner 's ... blonsky come on ! come on !! where be it ?! other soldier burst through the lab door . soldier blonsky !!! blonsky crack banner in the head with he gun butt black ext . 120 th ST . - night Street run along north end of Columbia campus , behind stern 's building . Street close off by police vehicle . a van : with it 's back door open toward the sidewalk a stretcher : be move toward the van ... on it banner : in enormous , possibly slightly futuristic wrist shackle with electro-magnetic lock , be load into the back of the van . he be awake , amazingly , but groggy . Betty : walk with he , talk to he , she wrist in a splint . two soldier : walk with they stand guard . on cabot and ross : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 94. cabot never see anyone come round from a trang dose like that . why the hell be not we keep he under ? ross you want to be the one to stick a needle in he arm that he do not want ? she 's we best insurance . keep she right next to he ... he know if he pop off it 's she that get hurt . cabot what do you want to do with stern ? ross I want he pin in that lab with you . do not let he leave the room to piss until he 's identify every bottle , every box , every machine in the place . then package it up and get it back home . then get aid and abetting charge and get he turn over to we . if Banner will not give we answer maybe we can get he to . cabot nod and head into the building . ext . central park NORTH lawn - night banner : get walk in shackle up the rear ramp of the sikorsky under Ross 's gaze . Betty , follow , ross put a hand on her arm and stop her . ross Betty ... betty I will never forgive what you have do to he . and to I . ross he be a fugitive . he make choice and I have a responsibility ... betty you make he a fugitive ! to cover you failure and save you career . he tell I what you say to he after the accident , before I wake up ... what you propose . that 's why he run and give up ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 95 . ross his work ... he blood ... be the property of the United States Army and my duty supersede my personal feeling in this matter . betty Truth justice and the american Way ... ross something like that . betty you have to start with Truth or the rest of it do not work . do not speak to I as you daughter . not ever again . she move up the ramp ... ross it 's only because you be my daughter that you be not in handcuffs too . int . stern 's lab - night a army ranger sentry outside the door . cabot questioning stern who sit in a chair . cabot -.. then it 's not the same . stern not exactly no , but it could be better . what happen to he be a freak accident . we have sort out some of the piece but I do not think I could put together the same Humpty dumpty just yet if you follow I ... cabot I do not want to know if you can make another one I want to know if Banner 's the only serious threat at the .... thunk . cabot jerk a little , eye roll back , and she slump . blonsky stand behind her in shadow , he hit her in the back of the head with the butt of he knife . stern jeez , what be it with you hit people all the ti---? click ! blonsky 's pistol be out and cocked in stern 's face . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 96. stern ( cont 'd ) what could I have possibly do to deserve this ? blonsky it 's not what you have do . it 's what you be go to do . stern well I like you use of future tense in that sentence anyway . blonsky I want what you get out of Banner . stern you have get it ! before you knock the Major out I tell she I 'il help in any way as long as I can ... blonsky I want it in I . stern you look like you have get a little something extra in you already , do not you . blonsky I want more . you see what he become ? stern I do . it 's beautiful ... God - like . but I can not make you like that ... I do not know what 's in you ... the mix could be something terrible . blonsky bend and grab stern by the front of he jacket with one hand , lifting he easily , placing the gun under he chin . stern ( cont 'd ) I be not unwilling I just need ' inform consent 's ... and you have give it ! ext . night sky over manhattan - night the sikorsky cut through the air over the Hudson River . int . sikorsky - continuous Bruce and Betty sit across from each other toward the rear . soldier flanking they . ross up toward the front with communications officer and a bank of monitor . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library armed 97 . Bruce and Betty stare at each other . she take he hand , hold it . ext . columbia university science build - night low , look up at the building . a few of blonsky 's delta team and a couple nypd keep the area on lockdown . soldier 2 - ..ten foot and green ... you be get you news off Inside edition . '' the hulk '' ... gimme a break ... soldier ... tell you , whatever go down it shook Tommy up ... he say be head up on this one . soldier 2 only action we be gonna see be that blue - shirt bring each other coffee ... boom !!! a explosion rip out the window of the top corner of the build from stern 's lab , flame and stone raining down . soldier and cop hit the deck . int . sikorsky - night the radio crackle : soldier ( over radio ) Delta 4 to leader , something big just go off down here ! ross this be Ross . what go off ? soldier ( over radio ) the whole floor just blow out blonsky , stoller , Robertson and the Major ... they be all still up there !! ross get we team move back there and get PD special unit out ... turn we around ... the helicopter bank sharply in back : Banner and Betty can not tell what 's go on , but they can tell something have happen . banner we be go back ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 98. ext . night sky over manhattan - continuous the sikorsky bank hard and turn back into the eye of the storm . ext . columbia university science bulding - night the soldier and cop have take position cover the lobby of the building soldier 2 I be go up ... he rise to dash to the lobby when crash !! the sound of something huge crash into a car out on 120th St , out of sight . and then they hear : a unbelievable roar of rage . they be eye on the narrow space between the Lab Building and the one to its leave ... out toward the street where in the space between the building , a enormous , hulking gray form surge past . at least 14 feet tall . Soldiers and cop look at each other ... '' what the ..? '' they dash for the STREET , and turn to the leave in time to see the massive grey back of the thing disappearing to the right around the corner , up broadway . cop 1 what in God 's name be that ? soldier 1 key mic soldier 1 the hulk 's in the street ! int . sikorsky - night - continuous soldier 1 repeat : the hulk be in the STREET ! where the hell be we ? 120 th and broadway , heading up broadway ! ! ross hold it together , soldier ! have any of you get a live feed ? soldier 1 ( over radio ) yeah ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 99 . ross then stay with it and get I a visual , we have get help on the way . now get move ! ext . new york CITY STREET - night soldier 1 activate he mini helmet battle camera soldier 1 c’mon !! all four run toward a parked OPEN -top humvee soldier 1 ( cont ’d ) can you drive this thing ? cop 1 Marines , 8 year . let 's go . the two soldier and two cop jump in and fire up . they peel out to the right and make a quick left up amsterdam . int . stern 's lab -— continuous flame flickering , smoke . a canister from the saturation machine , full of blood , dripping down onto ... stern on the floor : eye wide OPEN , a expression of horror and amazement on he face , curiosity seem to have finally kill he . blood from the machine above drip on he face . tight on : a radio crackling : we can hear the soldier call out position : '' 121st st move north ... what be that thing ? '' reveal cabot : knock unconscious or dead ? ext . amsterdam ave / int . sikorsky - intercut the humvee : blast up the street , hugging the leave side , two cop in the front , two soldier stand up in the back with assault rifle . soldier 1 on the leave keep he view train down the cross street whipping by ... Pov : glimpse of the creature 's rear flank as it move up the parallel STREET . smashing car and hurling people as it goe . monitor : Ross see the same , it look like hulk but it 's not a good enough look at it . ross goddam it I say get I eye on that thing ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 100 . banner move toward Ross ... the soldier stop he soldier sit down ! banner shoot I ... let 's see what happen . banner shove past he and up next to ross at the monitor , betty follows . the humvee : reach 125th St. the heart of harlem . ripping the wheel to the left , slam on the brake . there jaw drop ... still from a distance , a massive grey creature be causing havoc . pedestrian flee in panic , car skid and try to turn around . STREET cop fire on the creature -- it rip a lightpole off the corner and swat they aside like mosquito ross , banner and betty : agape at this horror soldier 1 ( over radio ) Sir be you see this ? what the hell be that ? be that Banner ? ross no. be it stern ? int . stern 's lab - continuous a hand grab a radio ... cabot cabot General , it 's blonsky . stern be dead ... it 's blonsky . ext . 125 th STREET - night tighter on the creature , first good look at it from the front . 14 feet tall , gray , as heavily muscled as hulk but with strange bone protruding like spur at its ankle and wrist a horrible snarling face , and in it we can see that indeed this be blonsky . he have become : a abomination int . sikorsky banner : stare at the monitor . his worst fear come to life . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 101 . ross hit it with whatever you have get , try to draw it after you and get it to the river . we have get cutter on both side of the island with sonic ! ext . 125 th STREET abomination be having a field day , revelling in destruction . soldier 1 drop to the floor , pry open a large compartment . soldier 2 what be you do ? soldier 1 you think a rifle 's gonna hurt that ? blonsky tell I he put in some ordinance ... he come up with a rocket propelled grenade launcher . soldier 1 ( cont ’d ) that 's what I be talk about , G ! he spin , flip the sight up , flip off the safety and throw it on he shoulder soldier 1 ( cont ’d ) now say ' good night , Gracie 's ... fire . the abomination turn as the rpg streak down the STREET , trailing smoke , straight at the monster 's head ... snatch ! like a cat the abomination grab the missile straight out of the AIR ... look straight at they ... and smashes it against he own forehead where it explode abomination leer at they . he’s enjoying this . soldier 2 time to go ! the cop at the wheel hit reverse and floor it , cop in front , and both soldier whip up they weapon and pour FIRE in on abomination , charging straight at they , taking bullet like he's running through a light rain . he close on they , raising a massive arm ... at the same moment the humvee slam into a car coming up amsterdam across the intersection and the abomination seize it by the hood , heave it up , twist it sideways and smashes it to the ground , over and over ... metal , helmet , body flying . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 102 . int . taxi cab - coming up amsterdam — continuous the same terrible cab driver that terrorize Bruce and Betty , speed up the avenue , he can see the light ahead be green but traffic be slowed up ahead . Light go yellow ... driver this be bullshit , people !! he floors it , cut to the side and race through the light turn red straight into ... abomination -- who simply turn , hammer he foot down into the hood of the charging cab , jacking it straight up into the AIR , where he grab it by the undercarriage and smashes it into the mangle humvee like two piece of bread be smacked together . he roar , exulting in he invincibility , scatter terrified people from there car which they abandon . int . sikorsky monitor : fuzzed out . banner , ross and betty : silent . communications officer General , nypd want to know what to use against it , sac have that a - 10 in the air and ready ... what do you want I to tell they ? .... Sir ? ross be frozen : there be no way to fight this monster betty the sound wave stop it at the campus ... they stop Bruce ... ross they need a open field of fire , there 's too much down there to absorb they ... too many place to hide ... banner you can not stop it , you have to kill it . ross and what do you propose , a bomb ? how big should it be , you tell I ! banner you have to take I back there . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 103 . betty no ... banner it 's the only thing that can stop it . I be the only thing that can stop it . ross forget it , if I put you down there you will not fight , you 's 1ll run . banner we make that thing , you and I !! we have get to try something ! I think you be right , it 's still I . I hear you on the table call to I and I hold on ... betty you think you can control it ? banner no but maybe I can aim it . ross what if you just double my problem ? banner have you get a better idea ? ross put we near it . get that cuff off he . banner no ... open the door . do it ! Ross nod and the soldier hit the button and the huge rear ramp of the helicopter start to hinge open , cool night AIR rush in . Bruce move toward the back , still in he wrist shackle . banner ( cont 'd ) put I over it ! go higher ! they surge upward ... climb , the city drop away . Bruce look out the open door of the chinook , the city 3000 foot below . betty oh my god , no ... what be you do ?! you do not even know if you 'il turn ! banner I try to do this a long time ago , when I think I have kill you . it would not let I . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 104 . betty this be too risky , it 's insane ! banner I know , but I have to try . I be sorry . he take a deep breath , kiss she and fall out the door . ext . night sky over 125 th ST and broadway tight on banner : as he fall , eye squeeze tight , wait ... eye SNAP OPEN : nothing . his face '' uh oh . '' and he fall away from we , become smaller and smaller , plunging toward the street until we can barely see he and then ... far below ... a small flash of GREEN . ext . broadway and 125 th ST - continuous look up , something plunge down out of the dark , speed down through the frame ... there might have be a greenish glow as it ... crash through the STREET , leave a very deep , rough hole . looking past the hole , down the STREET : the figure of the abomination wreak havoc ... civilian fleeing ... run towards we . reverse on the hole as a mighty GREEN hand and arm rise up , crush the stone of the street to create a grip , muscle flex , haul up a great weight ... terrified people run from the abomination , look over they shoulder , come straight at we . one look forward to see where he 's go and stop in horror at the sight of the hulk , pull himself out of the hole . on he hand and knee , hulk look up at the terrify guy and roar . hulk Pov shot : over hulk 's leave shoulder we can see the guy scream even harder now , police light flash , people run . a Police chopper with it 's spotlight train down on abomination in the distance ... ... and as we slide right past hulk 's massive head ... it all turn into he hallucinatory madness : camera continue to roll around hulk 's head as we see all this , landing back on he face where we see and really understand by now the agony for banner of be inside hulka brain ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 105 . ...- but something new happen . hulk grimace at the chaos of it all , close he eye and strain and roar , shaking he head as if to clear it ... look up ... .-.- and thing be more focused ... the SOUND clarify a little . not perfect ... but better ... and most importantly , he can see he target : abomination . among the last of the flee people empty the street , a harlem loudmouth , hustling and protest at the same time loudmouth -.- tired of this shit ! show I some motherfuckin’ fifteen foot monster buggin’ out in the white man 's neighborhood , somebody have be ... he turn and see hulk ... stop cold ... look back at abomination ... loudmouth ( cont ’d ) oh , I see ... it 's a family thing . I be gonna let you all work this out . he scoot . hulk stare at abomination 's back , stand tall and flext and roar ... and it shake the STREET . abomination turn ... sees he . eye flare ... recognition . int . sikorsky - night Ross and Betty look down on the lane of 125th St. Pov : the two titans start to run at each other ext . 125 th STREET - night hulk and abomination accelerate toward each other . and they collide , like two elephant be shot together the collision emit a SOUND like a thunderclap and the sheer force of it blows out the glass and light of the marquee on the apollo theater and surrounding storefront . ext . harlem street - night mano a mano : the titans brawl through the street , beat each other savagely . abomination 's bone protrusion slash hulk 's skin . hulka thunderous punch rattle off abomination staggering he but also shredd the flesh on hulka knuckle . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 106 . abomination have he from behind , a choke hold . hulk drop a knee and lever the opposite shoulder , heaving abomination through the front of a circuit CITY superstore ... int . superstore abomination crash headfirst through the glass door and he head go straight into the stair of a escalator , he shoulder split the hand rail apart as terrified nighttime shopper dive away . abomination pull he head out of the now broken escalator stair belt and seize it by a broken end ext . STREET abomination emerge from the store with the serrate steel escalator stair as a fearsome whip he sling it at hulk , slicing lightpole off as it roll out and slashes hulk across he upraised arm and shoulder . ext . sikorsky - night the gunship arcing low over harlem int . sikorsky Ross and Betty watch from above , as the Pilot try to stay with the fight Pov : the silver whip arcing back through the air ext . STREET - night whipping at he a second time but hulk be under it now , catch it as it hiss over , spinning he weight against it and flinging abomination into a brick wall , only to have abomination SNAP it from up to down so that a nasty wave roll through it cracking the end up and into hulk 's face , knocking he on he back . and abomination be on he and beat he with horrible blows ... crabbing up , hulk get he feet up under he , roll backward and flip abomination under he now , immediately returning horrible blows into abomination rib that make he howl in pain . but now it 's abomination 's turn to get he feet into hulk 's torso and hurl hulk with the full force of he legs a full block in the AIR and into the 4 th floor of a 16 story apartment build . he roll over and charge the build script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 107 . in the window we can literally see hulk falling down through the ceiling of terrified dweller until he hit the ground floor again int . apartment build - continuous abomination burst into a ground floor apt , looking for hulk sees he through the SMALL doorway and barrel in . as hulk rise , he punch he with a uppercut that send he back up two floors . abomination haul himself up in pursuit , look left to get kicked in the face , blowing he laterally through the wall , past a family watching tv and into the next apartment and out the far wall of the build . the bone in he ankle grab like hook and prevent he from falling and he doe a sit up , sees hulk charging he , grab the outer wall and climb out of the way using he hand to pulverize hand - hold in the brick wall . hulk look out and up and scramble after he , crushing he own hand - hold and climbing int . sikorsky look down , they spot the monster climb onto the roof they bank and circle ross they be a block north of the university again ... can we get a local chopper with a spot on it , maybe we can give he some help . ext . 121st STREET cabot , batter and shake limp out onto the sidewalk the humvee depart and look up at the sikorsky , arcing overhead , above a tall apartment building . ext . apartment build roof - continuous a forest of water tower , huge industrial ac unit . hulk emerge over the lip of the roof , landing with a thud quiet . no sign of abomination . metal groaning . a water tower shake on its iron legs . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 108 . behind hulk as he step right to look around the stairwell ... nothing . back leave ... abomination . stand with a 20 foot iron girder in he hand like a baseball bat . sliding from hulka left shoulder past he head : hulk' distortion view : abomination swing the lethal club too fast . it connect -- a horrible SOUND . like a aluminum bat and it cream hulk back through the AIR fully over the roof of the next two building and down , disappearing with muffled crash somewhere 16 stories down and two block away . int . sikorsky Betty gasp ... ross act ross Fire ! give he all of it ! and with that the door cannon just behind the cockpit open up stream of high caliber FIRE streaking out through the dark ext . rooftop round pound into abomination , some glancing off the platelike bone , other ripping through he flesh purplish blood rising in the wound he turn , enraged by this new attack and hurl he iron girder like a javelin it rocket at the helicopter , missing by a hair and disappearing out into the dark sky ext . 5 th avenue - near the NORTH end of central park a upper east side mom with she young son and they dog , walk north , when a 20 foot iron girder plunge out of the sky , chopping one of that ridiculous hummer limo in half and bouncing down the STREET mom and that be why I tell you , '' never go above 96th Street ! '' she turn they around . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 109 . ext . alley - night hulk sprawle in a huge green dumpster , shaking off star . he jump up , take a running start down the alley and leap ... hulk doe a parkour move , using he feet to run up the wall by bouncing off either side of the corner . ext . rooftop hulk pop out on the roof . Three block away he can see the helicopter pour fire down onto the roof at he foe . abomination : take hit , furious , reach for a satellite dish . hulk start to sprint running across the rooftop , leaping gap in building and rising to higher roof , using both hand and feet to accelerate himself parkour -style he charge abomination : rip the satellite dish from its base and look up as the helicopter arc round to find he , he twist he body like greek discus thrower hulk : close ... he accelerate in a final burst and dive , hitting abomination just as he throws - the satellite dish , wobbled off its course by hulk 's hit , clip the tail rotor of the sikorsky -— hulk hit abomination so hard that it seem to SNAP he almost in half - the helicopter start arcing down out of control pilot 's voice I can not hold it ! I gotta put it down ! hang on !! - betty close her eye - hulk and abomination fly on there own parallel arc , barely missing the underside of the plunging sikorsky -— cabot 's Pov from the STREET : the twin form of the monster and the crashing helicopter descending in a rush of SOUND - hulk and abomination plunge over the roof of a university build , pounding through the support structure of a huge water - tower on the way down script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 110 . - the water tower topples — the helicopter spinning wildly around its MAIN rotor barely clear a build , clip the side of a large university hall and crash into the corner of a large stone plaza , surrounded by university building - hulk and abomination crash into the same plaza , pulverize the stone and gouging a 100 foot long groove - the water tower crash , hit the edge of the build , snap the tank itself off , which plummet to the ground and burst , sending thousand of gallon washing over hulk and abomination and separate they slightly . ext . new york CITY plaza - continuous people in window and surging into the perimeter to watch . people be start to cheer for hulk . but abomination beat hulk against a wall like a boxer clinch and start to choke hulk with he massive forearm pinning he throat against the stone wall , cracking it ; he wrist bone digging into hulka neck . the shatter helicopter : lying on its side ; the rear end and ramp be crush close . there be no side door . in the cockpit glass the pilot look dead ; in the gunner 's open on the side , the gunner slump unconscious , the cannon bent block the escape of betty : try to find a way out SPARKS burst in cascade from the shattered rotor assembly , fly closer and closer to the huge side gas tank , tear open and drip pool of gas right below Betty . betty look down into the cabin at : ross , batter ross go ...go !! betty can only get halfway out ... she see the flame ... betty bruce ! ! hulk sees betty trapped in the helicopter , she 's in trouble GREEN pulse : in the base of hulka skull and new size and strength literally surge into he in front of our eye abomination's eye go wide as hulk seize he wrist and with RAW power spread abomination 's hand away from he throat script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 111 . hulk head - butt again and again , then deliver a massive blow to the solar plexus , doubling abomination who he then drive headfirst into the wall hulk sprint for betty as the spark hit the tank with a whoosh of flame hulk isn ’t go to beat a explosion and he suck in a huge breath and blows a tremendous blast of breath at the flame from 15 feet away , blowing it out . betty ( cont 'd ) wow . a cracking , rattling SOUND .... her eye go wide . and hulk take a tremendous blow to the side of the head , staggering he . he spin ... abomination have made a club out of a chain running between concrete post , with the post still attached like a mace before hulk can recover from the blow , he swing again ; this time hulk duck but it catch he in the thigh and knee , wiping he legs out ... a horrible bone -crunching blow . hulk tries to rise , batter ... on one knee betty : help Ross out of the crush cabin turn to see ... abomination wind up for the final blow hulk , into a squat , raise he fist high above he head and drive they into the ground , the concussion so powerful that a crack explode violently up along the length of the plaza so that as abomination step to swing , he be knocked off balance , he foot coming down in the fissure and as the club arc over hulk 's head , missing , he grab the chain , dive and roll forward past abomination , wrapping the chain around he enemy 's neck once , twice ... and heave back on it . abomination 's leg be caught in the fissure , hulk twisting he against the trapped leg to trap he . despite the horrendous torque on he body , it almost seem as though abomination have the brute strength in he neck and back to resist ... .-.. the eye of all onlooker glued to the death match abomination's hand grab behind he tearing at hulk 's face and shoulder , cutting flesh , gouging hulk 's eye script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 112. hulk doesn ’t flinch . heaving back with every fibre of he strength he lift one foot and plant it into abomination's shoulder ... this be the lethal leverage he need . he presses out with he leg , rearing back and up on the chain with he shoulder and arm ... both creature howl , every vein bursting . and then with a horrible popping and cracking ... hulk break the abomination '’s neck , literally stretching and twisting it grotesquely abomination '’s eye flare ... and then with a final kick ... he sag . hulk fall back , sitting , he foot still on the shoulder . he rise , shove the body over onto its face , and with one foot planted on the huge back of he enemy and the moon shining down on he , he throws back he fist and roar face : ross , betty , cabot , onlooker ... staring in awe hulk scan the ring -- look for any new threat , face fierce . dark GREEN blood run in thick rivulet from tear all over he body ... he nose ... he gaze find ... Betty . he stop and stare at she . know she . behind she : Ross - he know he too and he eye flare , but Ross only stare . betty ( cont 'd ) shh . it 's over ... it 's over . hulk Betty . it 's a deep bass rumble , barely a whisper . a tear fall down she cheek and he put out a finger to catch it . tire . eye almost droop ... the beat of rotors and a white beam of light sweeping on he . sliding into hulk 's Pov : the light be horrible , a assault Betty 's head drop ... she know ... and hulk run ... straight at a limping cabot , stand between he and the street ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 113. cabot you gotta be kid I ... she duck as he hurdle over her . ext . street of harlem - riverside park - continuous hulk sprint west , crosstown .. pound the pavement .. car screeching to a halt .. people gape as the titan flash past . waccelete ..out of the building and through the tree at the top end of Riverside Park .. helicopter above tracking he .. sound of radio call try to keep tabs on he . warning the Coast Guard ship that he 's head they way ... and he can see it .. the water of the Hudson River ... a coast guard cutter on the near shore block he path ... the spotlight from the police chopper on he now .. the Coast Guard cutter swinging it 's own light up to find he as he race toward it , reach the elevate span of the West side highway ... and leap ... he most powerful leap yet ... soaring high ... sailor 's Pov : the hulk hurtling through the black sky , lit by spotlight , coming right at he ... feet extended , arm out wide ... he smashes through the radar dish ... and jackknife into the water like a depth charge . ext . underwater in the inky green black of the river ... the hulk smashes into frame from above he rocket through the frame .. trail greenish white bubbles ... and disappear ... as the bubbles fade ... to black . fade up : int . military base bar - day Ross sit on a bar stool in the middle of a mostly empty bar , mid - afternoon . he lift he drink to he lip , catch he reflection in a mirror behind the bar . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 114. ext . betty and samson 's house - day samson sit on the front step , stare out at the street . he lift the cordless phone in he hand and dial a number . ext . battery park - continuous Betty stand by a railing overlook the river and the New York Harbor . a ferry tug out towards the statue of Liberty . her phone ring , she pull it out and look at the number , answer . betty hi . samson oh , thank god . you be alright ? when I could not reach you ... betty I be not hurt . a lot of people be though . samson I know , it 's be all over the tv . it do not seem real . betty it be real . samson come home . just come home . betty samson , do you call somebody the night Bruce be at we home ? be that why they come for he ? samson I be frighten . forgive I . betty I do . but I be not come home yet . samson where be you go ? betty I have no idea . but I ’1ll let you know when I do . I promise . she hang up . he bury he face in he hand . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 115. Betty take out she camera and look at the picture she take of bruce ... that sad , hopeful smile . she look out at the harbor and try to imagine where he be ... ext / int - remote exotic location - day a beach : Banner stare out at the ocean . he step into a SMALL rough bungalow . he walk to a tidy desk and take out a envelope from the drawer . he have something in he hand ... it 's Betty 's mother 's necklace . he slide it into the envelope and write she name on it . time CUT : we be behind he head now ... roll around he to find he sit in the lotus position ... meditate . Black pants . no shirt . his eye close . pulse monitor on he wrist . face the open door open out towards the ocean wave . he hardly seem to breathe . pulse : 42. then , with a deep inhale ... he pulse start to rise ... nothing have change around he , but he pulse be racing upward ... the sound of he heart beat fast racing over 200 eye SNAP OPEN : GREEN be that a flash of a smile ? black end . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library