the rergans act _one fade in ext . the white house - WASHINGTON , d.c . - night only a few light be burn at this hour . a limo pull into the driveway , be meet by several dark figure . a man get out , go inside . number fill the screen and form a super : '' 1987 '' int . white house elevator - night the man be michael deaver ( late 40' , ) once a aide to President Reagan , now a lobbyist . he look nervous . grim . int . hallway - east wing - white house - night deaver hurry down a dark , nearly desert hallway . the light glimmer , casting ghostly shadow . he turn a corner , and head down another hallway , where a armed security guard who 's be wait for he salute . deaver hurry on . the guard look after he , he face fill with dislike . two maids stand beside a linen closet , talk . they fall silent as deaver pass , and stare suspiciously after he . int . another hallway - white house - continuing another security guard sit in front of the Reagan bedroom door , watch a tiny tv , with the sound low : Oliver North talk with microphone shove in he face . as deaver approach , the guard stand up , salute . white house guard 2 good evening , sir . they be wait for you . the guard knock on the bedroom door with a glove -hand . white house guard 2 Mr. deaver to see the President . muffled voice within . then , a woman 's voice ( nancy ) : nancy : oc let he in . the Guard open the door for deaver . int . reagan bedroom - white house - continuing the room be dark , light only by a flicker tv . two ghost be sit in front of it : ronald reagan ( 75 ) in bathrobe and slipper , watch tv— - he eye hollow , and dark . on the table beside he , a glass of milk and a plate of oreos . next to he be he wife , nancy ( 63 ) . she 's pale , gaunt . she look up at deaver with eye full of silent panic . mike deaver I get a call from John Tower .. he want to talk to you , Mr. President ... Reagan be still stare into the tv . it 's a cowboy movie . nancy it 's okay , Mike . go on . deaver turn to Nancy , lower he voice . deaver ( in a whisper ) they be beginning to talk about impeachment . she begin to tremble . nancy they 's 11 never impeach he . they will not have the vote for it in the Senate . deaver I know but John think .. so do George , and so do i.. the evidence be overwhelming .. and if the President do not say something , Congress be go to start its own investigation ..—d meese and I and some of the other Republican Senators .. well , we all think the President should hire a criminal practice attorney . nancy he 's not a criminal . she begin to weep , silently . deaver kneel beside Reagan , and gently touch he arm . Reagan look at he , confuse : 2 reagan why do I need a attorney ? deaver ( carefully , gently ) no , you do not need a attorney , Mr. : President , but you want to have one , that 's all . have one to talk to . someone to stand up for you . nancy ronnie , we have get to have somebody . reagan we have not break the law . deaver nobody 's say you have break the law . it 's just there be so many question ... reagan tell they to ask that bastard .. that lie son of a gun , Oliver North ! he 's the one who know ! ask Oliver North who give the money to the contras — deaver they will , Mr. President .. they will ... nancy ronnie , listen . listen to I .. we have get to do something .. we have get to stand up for ourselves , for Christ 's sake . we can not just keep sit here , do nothing . reagan but I be not the one who break the law . deaver yes , Mr. President . I know . nancy you have get to talk to they . deaver I could set up a press conference — Nancy turn to deaver , she panic flare : as '' nancy no . no press conference . deaver how 's he go to talk ? nancy he all talk to the people . the people . they always believe he . deaver '' alright . but not before he 's get a attorney — reagan they get Nixon , and now they think they be go to get I . well , I be not Nixon . I be not . Nancy grab he hand . her grip be like iron . nancy everybody know that , ronnie . all you have to do be talk to they . talk to the people and make they believe you . Reagan wipe the tear off she cheek , kiss she tenderly . reagan okay , okay , Nancy -pant . settle down . do not worry . I can handle this . stop ery . ( to deaver , smile ) she cry more than any woman I know . she cry every time we send out the laundry . deaver smile . Nancy and deaver get up , and go to the door . int . hallway - continuing as Nancy and deaver come out , the Guard switch off Oliver North on the tv. follow nancy and deaver - down the hall together . she lean on he arm , murmure : nancy '' dire event , '' she say . well , this be dire event . deaver who say that ? you friend ? nancy ) she say the first few month of 1987 . and it 's all happen the way she say it would . everything . deaver be careful to keep he voice even . deaver . just make sure he get a attorney . '' nancy I will . and then I x11 call my friend .. find a good date for he to go on tv .. we have get to listen to she , Mike . when we do not listen to she , we get into trouble ... deaver okay , fine . give I a date , and I will set it up for the network . she look at he , smile shakily . nancy . thank you , Mike . you be the only one we ' can trust , you know . it 's come down to ~ you . out of all this people .. we be surround by traitor . deaver do not worry . it 's go to be ok . it be . Nancy squeeze he arm gratefully . he leave . angle - as Nancy return to she bedroom door , the security guard have change the channel to the cowboy movie . guard I be sorry , Mrs. Reagan . it be the guard before I who turn it on ... nancy you be fire . she go into the bedroom . the guard stare after she , stunne . int . reagan ' bedroom - continuing ) Reagan be stare into he movie , once again . Nancy put she arm around he from behind , kiss he ear . reagan all I want to do be save that people . that 's all I want . nancy I know .. I know .. I love you .. I love you . move in on he eye , dark and confuse ... a image - black and white the lithe body of a expert swimmer rise to the surface of a perfect blue body of water . in slow motion , the body break through the water . Golden sun reflect off the wet skin and hair of this beautiful young man ( a young Reagan ) dress only in a 1920 's lifeguard uniform . the image of a god . the perfect american hero . music fade up : doris Day sing '' sentimental journey '' : doris day ( sing ) gonna take a sentimental journey gonna see my heart 's desire ... dissolve to : int . / ext . reagan 's 1948 cadillac convertible /moving - culver CITY , CA - day number fill the screen , as they will throughout : '' 1949 '' Reagan ( 38 ) drive through a gorgeous Hollywood afternoon ... sing along to doris day on the radio . he 's wear glass , and a cast on he leave leg . two crutch be on the seat beside he . doris day ( sing ) gonna take a sentimental journey gonna take that journey home ... ext . mgm studio gate - day Reagan 's green convertible drive onto the lot . he smile , and wave , as he pass actor , crew member , etc . near a SOUND stage - continuing Reagan park and get out , use he crutch . he limp past a couple of starlet bellydancers . they smile at he . he smile back . he pass two actor in black - face , work on a tap -dance routine ... he pass a group of actor in tux and gowns cluster around a lunch wagon , eat as if they have not eat in day . he open a stage door mark '' East side , West side '' , and enter . int . SOUND - stage - continuing the set be a NYC apartment . a film crew be crawl all over it , set up for the next take . Reagan approach the director , mervyn leroy ( 5us ) , who 's talk to he dp . reagan hi , mervyn . leroy turn , smile , see Reagan 's leg . leroy good God , ronnie .. what have you do to yourself ? reagan do not ask . a charity baseball game . I try to win one for the gipper . leroy ( laugh ) thanks for come down . I hope I be not take you away from anything . reagan it 's fine . I be not work . I mean , I have the day off . the dp leave . leroy take Reagan by the elbow , walk he towards a isolate corner . they drop they voice : leroy alright , listen . this be the thing . I have get this actress . over there , see she ? leroy nod to a young woman nearby , sit by herself . it 's Nancy , elegant , strong -jaw . she 's in costume - a plain ‘etl secretary 's dress — smoking a cigarette . she 's deep into a movie-magazine . leroy her name 's Nancy Davis . just come out from Chicago . extremely conservative . extremely Republican , if you know what I mean . anyway , last week , the Hollywood reporter come out with a list of Communist sympathizer , and she name be on it . reagan ( carefully ) oh , yeah ? leroy of course she 's upset . scare about she career , she apartment , she friend . she ask I for advice . I say I know you , and since you be President of the screen actor Guild , maybe you could help . Reagan hesitates , look at Nancy suspiciously . reagan so she 's not a Communist sympathizer ? leroy no way . I be tell you , she 's Republican . Father 's a society doctor in Chicago . that 's why she 's upset , she keep say , if he find out , she 's screw . ( pause ) anyway , that 's it . think you can look into it ? reagan sure . let I see what I can find out . leroy glance at Nancy , then back to Reagan . lower he voice still further : leroy do I one more favor — take she out to dinner , or something . you know , just to set she mind at ease . reagan ( groan ) dinner ? leroy nothing expensive . just something nice . I be tell you , she 's a wreck . Reagan glance at Nancy again . she do not look like a wreck . reagan ( reluctantly ) yeah , well . okay . I ' 11 do it . leroy thanks , ronnie . you be a pal . leroy start back toward the set . Reagan pull he back . reagan hey , mervy n .. since I be do you a favor ? leroy anything . reagan cast I in whatever you be do next . leroy ( laugh ) you get it . leroy start toward the set . Reagan call after he : reagan as long as it 's good . no b-movie stuff . leroy gotcha . angle - Nancy look up from she movie-magazine , watch he leave . movie magazine - black and white it 's a article on Reagan -picture of the break - up between he and he wife , Jane wyman . the headline read : ' heart - break ronnie : '' i’1ll never Love again . '' a shadow fall across the magazine Nancy look up , as leroy whisper into she ear : nees ? leroy Mission accomplish . Nancy laugh , delighted . she have a gorgeous smile . nancy mervyn , you be a peach ! ext . nancy'' apartment build ( westwood ) - night Reagan 's green cadillac pull up outside Nancy 's modest building . int . live room - nancy 's apartment - continuing Nancy watch through the blind , as he limp up the walk . check herself in a mirror — she 's deeply insecure about she look . the doorbell ring . she take a deep breath . outside the door Reagan smile , as she come out . nancy it 's so nice of you to make time for I , you must be terribly busy ... reagan it 's okay . I be afraid we will only have time for a quick bite . I have get a early call tomorrow . nancy I , too . as they walk to the car .. nancy mervyn tell I about you leg . it look awfully painful . reagan it 's not so bad , anymore . as long as you do not make I dance . they both laugh . int . expensive restaurant ( larue 's ) - evening the waiter hand they menus , and leave . Nancy light a cigarette and listen intently , as Reagan quietly explain : 10 reagan okay , here 's the deal . there be a bunch of petition go around - try to solicit the Supreme Court against the House un-american activity Committee . you name appear on one of that petition , which be how it end up in the Hollywood reporter . nancy but I do not sign any petition . I do not . I be the least political person I know . reagan it 's okay . I make a few phone call , and the Nancy Davis who . sign this particular petition life over on cahuenga boulevard . a completely different Nancy Davis . nancy ( sighing with relief . I know it . reagan in fact , if you want to know , Nancy Davis be a pretty popular name . there be 3 of you in Los Angeles . nancy ( horrify ) Three ? reagan yeah . if I be you , I have think about change my name . nancy ( snort ) forget it . Nancy Davis be my name . let the other girl change theirs . he laugh , impressed . reagan I like you attitude . now , let 's see if we can find anything edible on this menu . int . larue 's - night the light have dimme . the room be thick with cigarette candle on every table . in the shadow , beautiful 11 Nie ? women laugh and murmur over martinis with they wealthy escort . Reagan and Nancy have long since finish dinner . nancy my mother use to be a actress . my father - be a brain surgeon , I get my hand from he . anyway , he 's the one with political belief . he hate the reds . hate they . Reagan sigh . reagan I be a FDR Democrat until the war . I still believe in the Democratic party . but the Democrats .. they do not get it . they will not believe that Moscow 's try to take over the world . they have take over half of Europe . Czechoslovakia . China . and now they be here in America , try to take over Hollywood . i'11 tell you - anybody in they right mind ought to be scared stiff . Nancy nod , in agreement . he smile . reagan sorry . when we come out tonight , all I want to do be show you a good time . nancy it 's okay . you talk the way my father talk . only nicer .. never mind . she smile , embarrassed . he smile , too . reagan too bad you have get a early call . nancy you , too . pause . now it 's he turn to look embarrassed . reagan you know , Nancy .. I have get a little confession to make ... nancy yeah , I know . I do not have one , either . they laugh . 12 reagan say , Sophie tucker 's sing at ciro 's . you want to go ? ext . ciro 's - night ciro 's be swinging . sophie tucker 's voice be rocking the STREET , as Reagan . on crutch , escort Nancy inside . int . ciro 's - later the place be pack , as sophie tucker sing . everyone . be drunk , dance . Reagan and Nancy be dance -- slowly . he 's lean on one crutch , and she . reagan I be finally get some good part when the war come along . then I be draft . when I get back , it be all .. different . all this young actor . suddenly I feel like I be .. out of fashion . Nancy nod , sympathetically . nancy do you see much action during the war ? reagan look into my eye . what do you see ? she do . he have nice eye . honest . reagan ( wryly ) contact lense . blind as a bat without they , keep I out of combat . I spend the war in culver City make film for the Army . the Hollywood commandos . she laugh . reagan I talk too much , do not I ? that 's what Jane say , when she file for divorce . I talk too damn much . nancy it 's okay . I be a Cancer . I like listen . 13 he look at she . slowly , he lean toward she .. they kiss . her arm tighten around he . when the kiss end , they keep dance . look into each other 's eye . int . department store ( magnin 's , beverly hill ) - day in a VIP dress room , Nancy try on a new dress , look at herself critically , in the mirror . it 's fashionable , expensive .. but somehow all wrong . edith : oc if you ask I , that Ronald Reagan be the best - look man you have have in a while . if you do not grab he , somebody else will . nancy what be I suppose to do ? throw a rope around he ? edith luckett davis ( 5u' ) , Nancy 's mother , be a earthy woman , former actress , stylish in fur and jewel . edith davis no , but it would not hurt if you dress better . God , you look awful . it 's you skin . I never see anybody with such sallow skin. ( call ) hey ! somebody ! who the hell be out there ? the saleswoman peek in the door , gritting she tooth . saleswoman yes , Mrs. Davis ? edith be not you suppose to be help we ? get my daughter something that 'il make she look decent , for chrissake . the saleswoman be seethe , as she leave . nancy mother , I wish you have keep you voice down . edith why ? you should be glad I have get a big voice - that 's how I make my career . and yours , too , little girl . if I be not friend with Spencer Tracy , do you think 14 you would be out here in Hollywood , with you very own contract ? as edith pull a silver cigarette case out of she purse , and light it , Nancy sigh : nancy I just do not think ronnie want to get serious about I . anybody . I mean , God , he wife throw he out . can you imagine how humiliate that would be ? listen be not edith 's strong suit . edith I know what -- tell he you want to meet he kid . show he what a great mother you x11 make , that ' 1ll get he . Nancy suddenly remember , look at she watch : nancy we be late for Dr. loyal . edith Christ . Strip off that rag - we have get to run . int . expensive tea - room - beverly hill - afternoon a string quartet play mozart in the corner . Nancy sit next to she step - father , dr . loyal davis ( 50 's ) . he 's hold she hand and stroking it , as edith look on , beam . dr . loyal davis Nancy , I do not know what you see in Hollywood . as far as I can tell , it 's nothing but Communists and drug addict . nancy it do not use to be this bad — do it , mother ? edith Hell , no . when I be here , it be just wall - to - wall Jews and queer . loyal laugh - Nancy stiffen . 15 loyal davis ( wiping he mouth with a napkin ) well , frankly , I think we should consider head to Phoenix early . Nancy , darling — you come , too . nancy I wish I could , but Dr. loyal , you know I be work . loyal davis we be go to see the goldwater . you love spend time with the goldwater . nancy I really can not . I be sorry ... edith ask she about ronnie Reagan . dr . loyal davis Nancy , no ! you be not serious about he , be you ? nancy no , not at all . well , yes , but ..0h please , Dr. loyal . he 's the only man I have ever meet who could hold a candle to you . ext . nancy 's bathroom door - day the bathroom door be ajar , as nancy 's voice be heard : nancy : oc '' Jews and queer . '' you bigot , mother . why do not I tell you to shut up ? but I never would , would I ? why not ? around the corner of the door Nancy be take a bubble - bath , ranting to herself : nancy because I be a coward , that 's what . coward . coward , coward , coward , coward , coward — doorbell ring . Nancy glance at the clock on the wall . nancy oh Christ ! he 's early ! ext . nancy 's door - continuing 16 Reagan turn , call to two child wait in the car . reagan Michael , stop hit you sister ! mermie , stay in the car ! do not - do you hear I — do not get out of the car ! the door open . Nancy 's wet face , wet hair . nancy ronnie .. hi ... reagan you ready ? I bring the kid , I think we could go out to the ranch and go horseback-riding . what do you think ? Nancy look at the kid , look at he . put on a smile . nancy give I 2 secs . ext . ronnie 's ranch ( malibu canyon ) - day Nancy 's awkward on she horse , as they start out . he grab she rein , lead she toward the gate . the two kid be follow , on they horse - maureen ( 10 ) and michael ( 5 ) . reagan come on , Nancy . pull in that rein , let he know who 's boss . nancy ( barely hang on ) I think he already know . reagan ( laugh ) mermie ! Mike ! let 's take Nancy down to the pond ! he spur he horse ahead , leave she with the kid . they pass through a gate with a ornate metal sign : yearling row . nancy you kid be pretty good at this . whoa . whoa , sugar . 17 neanav ? maureen we have be riding since we be 2 . have you ever win a oscar ? nancy ( take aback ) a oscar ? maureen mommy have . she win a oscar for '' johnny belinda '' . Mike interrupt : mike I be special because I be adopt . Nancy turn to Mike , even more take aback . nancy . you be what ? maureen he 's adopt . daddy want a boy so they adopt one . ( to Mike ) you be not special . you be a brat . michael you be a brat ! maureen daddy ! mikey call I a brat ! the argument continue . Nancy smile weakly . they ride on . on a hillside - later a picnic under a tree . the kid play in the distance , as Reagan and Nancy lounge in the shade . he 's reminisc : reagan that be the best day of my life — sit up high in that lifeguard chair . watch out for all that family . in 7 year , I save 77 life . nancy seventy -seven ? 18 reagan with a little help from God . but it be pretty good for a scrawny kid from dixon , Iowa , who grow up over a bank . actually , that be as close as I ever get to that bank . they both laugh . pause . nancy you never talk about you folk . what be they like ? Reagan do not seem to hear she . he get up and call : reagan mermie ! Mike ! time to head back ! the kid run for they horse . he go to he horse . Nancy watch he , curiously -- then get up , and head to hers . int . mgm studio - costume department - day a chain -smoke costume lady ( 5as ) be flipping through modern screen as Nancy look dejectedly at a rack of housedress . nancy maybe I could wear something different for this part . something a little more — costume lady you bre play a housewife , doll . you wardrobe have to say housewife . sigh , Nancy choose a dress ; look at some apron . costume hey , .look at this . you be in modern screen . show she a small photo of Reagan and '' starlet Nancy Davis '' at a premiere — under a large one of he and Jane wyman : '' ronnie date again but can not forget his perfect Love . '' Nancy stare at it , stung .. costume lady slip this on under the dress . she 's hold a bulbous rubber object — 19 costume lady it 's you pregnancy pad . you get pregnant in act two . ext . universal studio - studio STREET - day Reagan walk with he agent , lew wasserman ( 30 's ) . reagan this be a mistake , lew . I can not afford another bad picture . wasserman come on -- it 's a fun movie and I bet it 'il make a lot of money . reagan we should have wait for a better offer — wasserman the offer be not come , ronnie . the studio be drying up . but all that Red menace crap do not help , either . you know a lot of people around town be convinced you be a informer for the blacklist . reagan yeah , yeah , yeah . I keep tell you , lew , there be no blacklist . wasserman and thank God we be not on it . ( pause ) all I be say be , lay off the evil Empire talk . I can get you all the work you want in television — reagan forget it . Television be for somebody who 's all wash up . I be not wash up . at the stage door , a publicist and photographer wait . studio publicist hey , ronnie ! how ya doin 's ? ready to meet you co-star ? the photographer get ready . the publicist open the stage door , and out burst a chimp and he trainer . the chimp be wear a t-shirt that say '' bedtime for bonzo '' . 20 publicist ( laugh ) hey , bonzo ! shake hand with Mr. Reagan ! Big smile , you two ! bonzo start jump all over Reagan . Reagan try to turn on a smile as a flashbulb pop . int . nancy'' apartment - night Reagan and Nancy be watch '' casablanca '' on tv , as Reagan and Nancy finish a bowl of popcorn . she 's subdued . smoke . reagan ( be : bogart ) that be suppose to be my part , you know . they want I to play it , but I be busy . busy do nothing .. bogart get ingrid bergman , I get a chimp . nancy you be still in love with she , be not you ? the word have pop out of she mouth before she could stop they . Reagan look at she , stunne . reagan who ? nancy Jane . you be still in love with she . you even tell modern screen . '' heartbroken ronnie tries to forget he great Love '' . reagan Nancy , come off it . that magazine be a bunch of crap , you know that . ( joke ) thank God they still think I be worth write about . he turn back to the movie . she stare at he in disbelief . nancy ronnie , look at I . ronnie . he look at she . she summon up she nerve . nancy I want to know where I stand with you . 21 neve reagan you know where we stand . nancy I do not know anything . we go out , we laugh , we ... ( embarrassed , drop she voice ) we make love .. but I do not know anything about you , about how you feel . oh you talk plenty about everything else - politics , the industry . but not about I . not to I . his eye harden . he look trap . reagan I do not talk about that thing , Nancy . you know that . nancy why not ? you be a actor , you play people who have feeling . come on . tell I about you feeling . no response . she get up . nancy it 's late . we both have early call . Nancy take the bowl into the kitchen . he stare moodily at the popcorn in he hand . nancy : oc I have tell my agent to find I something in New York . on the stage . I have have it with Hollywood . he get up , follow she into the kitchen , where she 's wash the popcorn bowl . reagan you can not go back to New York ... nancy be there some reason I should stay here ? ( off he silence . ) no , I do not think so . he grab she arm , swing she around . he 's angry . reagan you can not do this to I . 22 he start kissing she , hard . desperate . she pull back , surprised . he push she against the sink , still kissing she . the tap water run and run . int . davis live room - home - chicago wealthy . intellectual . midwestern . Nancy sit in a chair , ery . edie sit , opposite . they whisper : edie well , one thing be clear — you can not tell ronnie . he 's too religious , he will never marry you . nancy I can not tell he ? edie but you have better get he to marry you . and quick . you do not have any time to lose . nancy I can not force he marry I , mother . for God 's sake . she sob hysterically . edith shh , keep it down , or Dr. loyal will hear you — Nancy can not stop cry . edith pat she on the arm . edie ( in a whisper , anxiously ) do not worry , honey . do not worry , we will get it fix . I know somebody right here in Chicago , she can fix it . she 's good . she never hurt anybody . but we can never tell Dr. loyal , you hear ? never . never . Nancy stare at she mother , stricken . int . SOUND stage - '' the next . voice you hear '' — day the set be a drab tenement kitchen . Nancy stand in the shadow , smoking a cigarette . she 's in costume : a house - dress with a pregnancy - pad . she look utterly miserable . the costume - lady push and pull the pregnancy - pad : 23 aaa costume-lady this pregnancy pad be a joke . hold still . hold still . ( look at she ) you look sick . you sick ? nancy - I be fine . director ( from the shadow ) okay , we have reset . Nancy , you ready ? Nancy stub out she cigarette , and go to the table , sit down . Reagan appear in the shadow , watch she . director : oc do we have rain ? what 's the matter with the rain ? hold please . hold . Nancy settles down for a long wait . reagan : oc Nancy ? nancy ( turn , see ) ronnie ? what be you do here ? Nancy get up , cross to he in the. shadow . nancy what 's the matter ? director Nancy , where be you ? where the hell do you go ? nancy ( to the director ) I be talk to somebody , okay ? director do not leave . we will be ready in a minute . Reagan pull Nancy further into the shadow , desperate . reagan okay , here it be . my father be a drunk . everywhere we live , he have lose he job , because of the drink .. I remember when I be young , come home from the ymca one 24 afternoon .. and there he be on we lawn , pass out drunk in the snow . it break my heart to see he like that .. he must have be in so much pain . I have to drag he inside . ( pause ) but my mother .. she keep right on live the way she think be right . she be always good to my father . she never hold it against he , no matter how many job he lose , or how often we move .. she be the one who keep the family together . nancy I understand , ronnie . I do . reagan no , you do not . you come from Chicago — nancy I have it tough , too — reagan but you father have money . money be everything . nancy Dr. loyal be not my father . my real father leave , before I be bear . my mother be break , she go on the road just to make money , and stick I with she sister for 6 year . for 6 year , I cry myself to sleep , every night . so do not tell I I have never have trouble , because I have . Reagan be stunne , look at she . reagan I love you . I have do anything for you . ask I to crawl halfway across the country for you , I would . on my knee . on my knee . she 's on the verge of tear , touch he , whisper : nancy ronnie , do not say that . please .. you do not know .. I be pregnant . he look down at she pregnancy - pad . 25 reagan yeah , and you look cute as a bug , too . he put he arm around she , pick she up . kiss she . reagan come here , mommy . you want to marry I ? nancy | ronnie , stop it .. you do not mean it ... reagan I do . I love you , Nancy .. I really do , I love you ... end of act . one 26 int . lew wasserman 's office - day act two newco ? '' super : '' 1953 '' lew 's uncomfortable , awkward , as he push a envelope across the table to Reagan , and try to explain : Reagan take lew wasserman it 's not you , ronnie . it 's Warner Brothers . now that the government force the studio to sell off they theatre , they can not afford they stable of star . reagan it 's because my movie have not be make enough money . that 's why they be let I go . lew wasserman ( be : the envelope ) go on , take it . it 's you last paycheck . the envelope , stunne . reagan I work for that bastard for 13 year — ne '' lew they have fire they own mother , if it would help they balance they book right now . ( cautiously ) listen to I . I know you say you have never do television , but I think I have engineered a deal with GE . they be go to doa series and they want you to host it . a different story every week , some of they star you . and there would be speak engagement , too , you have be they spokesman — reagan ( dubiously ) a spokesman .. for General electric ? lew you have go around the country , talk to employee and consumer . when people see GE , they have think of you . nao '' Reagan be get more depressed by the minute . 27 reagan oh great . lew it 's go to be a lot of money . a lot . reagan yeah , and the government will take out 94 % of it in tax . I be tell you , lew , I do not know why I bother work . Reagan get up , head for the door . lew think about it . it 's a good opportunity . keep you in the public eye . then , when that next picture come along .. bang . talk to Nancy , and call I . they want a answer as soon as possible ... Reagan 's go . the door hang open , allow a view of the secretary , and a couchful of actor . ext . reagan house - amalfi drive , pacific palisade - day a small hour , immaculate garden . the ear-splitting scream of a enraged toddler . int . reagan kitchen - day '' Dr. spock 's child Care '' on the floor , cover with cereal . Nancy be on the phone , with a finger in one ear , as patti ( 2 ) scream , and send she bowl of cereal fly . nancy ( into the phone ) we have love to come to Phoenix , mother , but we be a little busy right now . intercut with : ext . pool - biltmore HOTEL , scottsdale az - day swathed in caftan and turban , edie take a martini from loyal and sip , roll she eye heavenward with delight . edie the goldwater keep ask I about you , I tell they you be marry to Ronald Reagan , they can not believe it . they be die to 28 meet he . you can fly down on Friday , spend the weekend — nancy ( cover the mouthpiece , hiss ) patti ! stop it ! stop it ! stop it ! edie what ? I can not hear you — nancy oh God , mother , I have love to come down . but ... patti! edie -- we be have a party Friday night . Dr. loyal will make you a martini that 's out of this world — nancy I all talk to ronnie . edie promise . nancy I will . bye , mother . Nancy hang up the phone , turn to she purpling child , and scream back at she . ext . biltmore hilton - scottsdale , az - day the hotel be surround by lush bougainvillea and palm tree -- the water - place for local and import wealthy . int . davis suite - live room - day in short , golf shirt and deep tan , loyal Davis , ronnie , and Arizona Senator barry goldwater sip tall drink and discuss politics . Reagan dandle patti on he lap , while : barry goldwater in this country we do not make a man join a church and tithe .. we do not insist he join a fraternal order and pay due .. but union boss like hoffa can force that man to join the union and pay he due , or he do not work . loyal lean over to Reagan , proudly : 29 newie '' dr . loyal that 's what I like about Barry . he shoot straight from the hip . reagan but the federal government be worse than the union . the Republicans be take control of business . they kill the movie studio . and liberal Democrats be lead we down the road to socialism .. the welfare state have do as much to destroy we way of life as the commy . right , Shorty ? patti right . in the b.g. , edie cross with 2 martinis to Nancy , who lie on a chaise , exhaust , sun herself . edie that two be go to have you husband voting Republican before the day be over . nancy let they try . the reagans . have be Democrats for generation . edie well , we will see what happen , once he start work at GE . I hope you take he first pay - check to hire yourself a nanny and a housekeeper . I do not raise you to wait table on a toddler . nancy | ( wince ) oh God . I want to be a good mother . I do . edie scoff , pat Nancy on the arm consolingly : edie you be no worse than I be . the only thing that 's important be you and ronnie . kid will come and go , but if you be good to ronnie , you will have he for the duration . family portrait the three reagans smile from the cover of tv guide . headline : '' tv’s hottest host : STAR of general electric theatre say family be he most important product . '' 30 establishing : reagan 'o new house - pacific palisade - day super : '' 1954 '' int . reagan 's house - pacific palisade - day a film crew be swarm all over the live room , set up light , camera , etc . Reagan sit in the middle , put on he own make - up , as he tell a joke : reagan do you hear the one about the two little kid , one 's a optimist , and the other 's a pessimist ? they parent give the pessimist a shiny new bike to teach he that thing be not always so bad . and to teach the optimist that thing be not always so good , they give he a big pile of horse manure — ( pause ) well , when the pessimist see the bike , he burst into tear , sure he have fall off and hurt himself . but the little optimist just smile . he know that somewhere around all that manure , there have to be a pony . the crew laugh . int . upstair - patti 's bedroom - continuing Nancy argue with patti , ( 5 ) , who will not come down . nancy come on , patti . they be all set to go . patti no . I will not . I want to stay up here and play . Nancy grit she tooth , and take patti by the wrist . nancy no argue . we be go down , right now . patti no! no! no! no! no ! no ! Nancy reach out , and slap patti . patti reel , hold she cheek . Nancy freeze . 31 seca nancy I be sorry . I be sorry , patti.. I be sorry ... patti begin to cry . Nancy pick she up , and carry she out of the room . int . dine room - palisade house - day chandelier over the table , which be set with enough linen , silver and flower to satisfy Emily Post . beautifully dress and coiff , Nancy , Reagan , and patti eat lunch as if this be the way they always live . patti ( 5 ) daddy , what 's ' lectricity ? reagan well , patti , electricity be a wonderful thing . let 's go into the kitchen and maybe I can explain it . follow they as they get up and troop out to the kitchen which be state of the art , GE 's logo prominent everywhere . reagan we ought to be able to find lot of electrical appliance in here . ( pick up a iron from counter ) what 's this ? patti mommy 's iron . nancy that 's right , it 's one of the new steam - and - dry iron . patti ( override ) I be hungry . can we cut now ? angle - the Film Crew howling with laughter . director cut ! okay , everybody ! take ten ! nancy ( to patti , exasperate ) that 's the third time you step on my line . what be I go to do with you ? 32 she put she hand around patti 's neck , and laugh , pretend to strangle she . as everyone laugh : int . GE factory lunch room - day it 's raining against the window . SOUND : thunder . a sign at the door say : '' meet Ronald Reagan in person : ge's roving ambassador of good will '' . the room 's pack with GE employees , all male , white , in white short - sleeve shirt and black tie , listen , as : reagan America be a land of unlimited opportunity — all of we here be proof of that . we be bless with the freedom to make of ourselves whatever we want to be . in the back of the room , a man ( BEN welden , 40 ) be quietly watch the response . reagan : oc but there be people who want to take that freedom away from we — big government that reward laziness with welfare - that want to tell you how to pray , and what doctor you will see , and what school you will send you kid to ! some employee applaud in agreement . reagan gentlemen , you and I have a rendezvous with destiny . will we preserve we american way of life ? or doom we child to a lifetime of tyranny ?? a explosion of applause . welden watch , impressed . int . GE lunchroom ~— later welden hover as ronnie sign autograph , surround by enthusiastic employee . reagan just a couple more , fella . I get to go to Atlanta . welden need a lift to the train station ? int . / ext . welden 's car - moving - STREET ~ day 33 ‘sai ? the rain pelt against the windshield . ronnie 's exhaust , try to rest . welden talk : welden quite a flag - waver you give . company give you a script ? i reagan | the word be mine . so be the conviction . welden and that thing about '' rendezvous with destiny '' . that 's good . reagan it 's FDR . welden you a Democrat ? ( ronnie nod tiredly ) you sure do not talk like one . | reagan the Democrats have change , not I . welden my name 's welden . Ben welden . I work for the Republican Party . I have get a few friend you might like to meet . reagan ( suspiciously ) why ? welden why not ? they be people , just like you and I . people who care about they country . besides , my friend be go to be real , real interested in you . int . reagan 's palisade bedroom - late day wearing a silk slip , . hair pin-curled , Nancy scowl at the half - dozen evening dress spread out on the bed . nancy ronnie ? honey , come and choose for I , will you ? no response . she cross to the intercom by the door . 34 intercom - insert a button for every room in the house . Nancy 's finger press nursery . hear , clearly : reagan : vo well , say you prayer be like talk to god.. God listen . to you , like I do . patti : vo mommy do not . reagan : vo what do you mean ? patti : vo mommy do not listen to I . she hit I . reagan : vo she do not hit you . patti : vo she do , too . she hit I tonight , when I would not take a bath . reagan : vo listen , Shorty , maybe she spanks you , but when I be you age , I get spanke a lot , too , that 's what parent do . patti : vo ( sullenly ) you be always on she side . reagan : vo go to sleep . Close you eye . Nancy lean against the wall , reeling with guilt . ext . alfred bloomingdale 's house , beverly hill - night a crowd of wealthy republican couple milling around under a large white tent , dance to a small band , drink , flirt , gossipe , etc . ronnie be sit with a group of prominent businessmen . the man be all half - drunk , laugh , as he say : reagan well , you know what I always say .. Big government 's like a baby — a big appetite at 35 one end , and no responsibility at the other ... the man roar with laughter . Ben welden approach , with alfred bloomingdale and holme tuttle . BEN welden ronnie .. I want you to meet two friend of mine . Alfred bloomingdale , and holme tuttle . reagan hello , gentleman . Alfred and holme take the cigar out of they mouth , long enough to shake hand . alfred bloomingdale Ben here say you be a Democrat . that true ? holme intervene , with a grin : holme tuttle yeah , he 's a Democrat . for now . everybody laugh . Reagan look a little nervous . a table under the tent - night Nancy be sit with a group of woman .. they be all drink and smoking . her smile be show sign of strain . woman 1 I have all the kid 's horoscope do just last year . you will not believe what I find out . woman 2 Carol ? do she do they ? woman 1 only the best for that little monster . everyone laugh . Nancy lean over to the woman next to she , who be bleach - blonde , tan , face - lift . her name be betsy bloomingdale . nancy Excuse I .. be she talk about Carol Ryder , . the astrologer ? 36 betsy bloomingdale you have never meet Carol ? she 's a genius . she know what day be good , and what day be bad . she x11 tell you when it 's okay to get on a plane , when to ask fora promotion , and even what board school to put you child in . woman 3 lean over , whisper to both of they : woman 3 Carol tell I about this girl 's school in northern California . we send we two daughter there , they have never be happier . and it save my marriage . betsy laugh . as woman 3 return to she drink : betsy betsy bloomingdale . nancy Nancy Reagan . Nancy take a sip of she drink , then cautiously venture : nancy I wonder if she could tell I whether I be have a boy , or a girl . betsy honey , do not tell I you be pregnant . nancy only just . ronnie want a boy . so do i. betsy so you will not have to go through it again . I will drink to that . betsy laugh , drink . so do Nancy . she 's find a friend . int . reagan bedroom - night Reagan bring in a cup of warm milk to Nancy , as she 's climb into bed , exhaust . reagan I like that people tonight . they be really nice people , do not you think ? and 37 nei '' ; rich . I have never see so many rich people in one place . nancy ronnie , you have meet plenty of rich people in Hollywood . reagan but not like this . this be different . texaco . shell. mobile oil . and this people do not even look tired . they look like they spend all they time on vacation . ( Nancy laugh ) yeah , nice fellow . Real nice fellow . a couple of they ask I if I have ever think of run for Senator . Nancy stop laugh . nancy Senator ? you ? reagan in the spring primary . why not ? I have be sort of like Jimmy Stewart , you know ? in '' Mr. deed go to Washington " ? nancy ronnie , that 's a movie . there 's alsoa little matter of they be Republicans , and you be a Democrat . unless you be think about switch party . be you ? ( off he silence ) ronnie ? reagan do you want I to switch ? nancy ( evasively ) '' Dr. loyal would like it . reagan no . no , I do not want to be a Republican . Hell , I want to act . acting be the only thing I ever want to do . and if I can just keep with this GE thing long enough — I will get back into the movie , I will . sooner or later . 38 nancy well , every producer in Hollywood be a Democrat . if you want to be a actor , I guess you have get to stay a Democrat . reagan I know . I be a actor , not a politician . - say , where 's my script ? want to help I run line for tomorrow ? Reagan head into the bathroom for he toothbrush . nancy sure , but first I want to talk to you about something . one of the woman at the party be talk about a board school for . girl , up north . she go on and on , about it . it 's suppose to be real nice . reagan : oc you mean , for patti ? on the wall beside Nancy 's head , a little red light be blink . it 's the intercom . int . patti 's room - patti sit in bed in the dark , listen . nancy : vo not now , but when she get a little older . board school can be good for girl , particularly girl like patti . reagan : vo maybe you be right . mermie and Michael go to board school . it 's up to you , Nancy -pant . you be run the show . end of act two 39 saw act three int . nancy'' hospital room - day Nancy in bed , look up at Reagan as he hold baby ron . in the b.g. , edith and loyal Davis , hugging patti . reagan hi , skipper ... ( hugging he ) I have get a son.. a son .. you be go to be a chip off the old block , be not you , kid ? int . SOUND stage - SALOON - day - slate clap '' GE theater , episode # 284 ; scene 49 , take 1 '' . on action , Reagan ( the sheriff ) begin duking it out with the bad guy . Reagan throw a punch and the bad guy go for he gun . Reagan 's faster : he draw , pull the trigger , but —click , click - the gun do not fire . Reagan deadpan to the bad guy : reagan mind if I borrow you gun ? the bad guy crack up , so do the rest of the set . a.d. oh Christ . what 's the matter with the gun ? guy , why can not we get this right ? reagan yeah , I be give a talk at the vfw tonight . if you do not watch out , I '11 name you as a threat to american freedom . laughter . as they fix the problem , lew Wassermen have be watch from the dark . Reagan cross to he , and say : reagan so , lew .. what 's with the face ? lew take he into a corner . lew I get another call from GE -- reagan my speech make they nervous , I know . lew they be get too extreme . 40 reagan come on , lew . the reds be make a bomb to blow we up , and I be be '' too extreme '' ? lew pull Reagan further into the corner . quietly : lew the head of GE hear you give a speech at the plant in tarrytown . he say you sound like some kind of right - wing reactionary nut . Democrats buy GE product , too , so lay off the commie - thing . reagan I be not go out there to pedal toaster , lew . lew you be go to push General electric to the wall ? reagan they be not go to fire I . lew but they can sure as hell cancel the show . reagan and you be go to support they against I ? silence . this be suddenly look like a parting of the way . a.d. : oc ready ! ronnie , we have get you gun ! Reagan turn on he heel , and go back to work . lew stare after he , irritably . int . palisade house - baby 's room - afternoon Nancy bend over ron 's crib , make sure he 's asleep . suddenly , the tv blare from the next room . Nancy stiffen . int . palisade house - contiuing patti watch tv . Nancy enter , angrily snap it off . 41 patti hey ! nancy patti , I tell you 3 time . not. while . baby . ron. is. napping . patti turn the tv back on . nancy patti ? do you hear I ? patti ignore she . Nancy start to slap she , but stop . nancy go to you room ! now ! now ! patti saunter off . Nancy snap off the tv . stay on nancy , see herself in the mirror — a angry mom . she wince at she reflection , pat she hair into place . she do not see the maid behind the door , watch ... ext . palisade house - dusk Reagan pull into the driveway , turn off the engine , sit in the car . Nancy appear in the screen’door , with patti . she come out , alone . nancy so do you do it ? Reagan get out of the car . she put she arm around he . reagan yeah . it 's over . they want I to stop talk , and I be not go to . nancy good . I be proud of you . you will be happier make movie . reagan maybe . nancy do you talk to lew ? 42 reagan I can not even get he on the phone . nancy ( stunne ) what ? no reagan yeah . funny , be not it ? why be I surprised ? he hate everything I stand for . nancy oh God , ronnie .. he 's be you agent since the beginning . how can he do this to you -- reagan , I do not know — nancy and now he 's betrayed you ... reagan it 's over , okay ? do not look at I like that . I will get a new agent . and a new job . I have a family to support , do not I ? he twist away from she , and go into the house , push ) past patti in the doorway . tv - black and white JFK 's coffin in the rotunda , as Jackie , caroline , and John - John stand before it . super : '' 1963 '' int . reagan live room - day Nancy , Reagan , patti ( 11 ) , and ron ( 5 ) be watch the tv . nancy that poor woman ... as John - John salute he father 's coffin.. Little ron grin and salute , too . Nancy grab he , hold he tightly : nancy no , ronnie , no . do not do that . int . bedroom / palisade house - day - ) watching thru the window - nancy 's Pov ~ 43 Reagan sit beside the pool , talk to Ben welden and a blonde man ( Mike deaver ) . nancy : oc hello.. be this miss Ryder ? carol ryder : vo ( filter ) yes . nancy : oc my name be Nancy Reagan . my husband .. my husband be — carol ryder : vo ( filter ) Ronald Reagan . the actor . yes . angle - nancy in her bedroom on the phone . terrify . nancy ( into the phone ) well , the thing be , miss Ryder .. some people be try to get my husband to go into politics .. the Republicans .. they want he to switch party , and make speech for Barry goldwater , but he keep tell they , he 's a actor , and .. I do not know .. everything 's so mix up .. I just wonder if you could just tell I whether we be on the right path .. hello ? intercut with carol ryder 's mouth , talking into her phone : carol ryder would you rather have a consultation on the phone , or in person ? Nancy watch Reagan shake hand with welden and deaver . something 's be decide . , nancy ( tremble ) on the phone . if you do not mind . ext . reagan house - pacific palisade - night a beautiful , starry night . the house be light up . int . reagan den - continuing michael reagan ( 18 ) drop he backpack on the sofa , as Reagan move around the room , turn on light . 44 michael so this be it ? I sleep on the sofa , like a dog ? reagan we do not have much room , Michael . but it 's good you come . we be all glad you come , be not we , guy ? Nancy , patti , and ron stand in the doorway , watch . nancy yes . of course we be . of course . Michael glance at Nancy , uneasily , turn back to Reagan : michael but dad..did Mom tell you ? reagan sure . we know you be come . we just do not know it be go to be tonight . michael no , not that . do she tell you I flunk out of that stupid school ? reagan ( smile ) listen , Mike , it 's okay , I never get much in the way of grade , myself . you can try again , here . go to the public high school . we can even get you some tutoring . Nancy can find you a tutor , can not you , mommy ? nancy yes , of course . certainly . I will get the linen . follow nancy hurrying down the hall to the linen closet patti and ron follow , whisper : patti that guy be my brother ? 45 nancy half-brother . his mother be daddy 's first wife . and he 's get a sister , Maureen , and the two of you have better be nice , you hear ? patti I have a sister , too ? int . reagan den - later that night the sofa have be make up . as Mike unpack he backpack , patti and ron watch . ron why do not you live with you real mommy and daddy ? patti dad be he dad , fleabrain . ron you be a fleabrain . be Maureen go to move in , too ? mike Maureen as. marry . actually , she 's marry to this really weird guy .. hey , do not mess with my stuff ! ron 's find a copy of playboy in the suitcase . Mike snatch it away . ron it 's just naked lady . so what ? patti and Mike laugh . ron laugh because they be laugh . Reagan appear in the doorway , smile : reagan somebody must have tell a good one . they jump . Mike neatly lower the magazine out of view . reagan you guy try to keep it down , okay ? mommy 's get a headache . as he go , patti turn to Mike with a dark grin : 46 patti yeah . and we be it . int . ambassador HOTEL ( coconut grove ) - night a huge photo of barry goldwater — '' in you heart , you know he’s right '' 's — look down on a room pack with well - heele supporter , as Reagan address they from a podium . reagan we be at war with the most dangerous enemy mankind have face in he climb from the swamp to the star ..a war for we american way of life . if we lose that war , we will have only ourselves to blame ... intercut deaver and welden stand in back , check the reaction . deaver 's impressed . mike deaver he 's get they hypnotize .. too bad he 's only a actor , huh ? BEN welden yeah . I wish he have mention goldwater . Nancy , betsy , Arthur bloomingdale and holme tuttle be sit at a nearby table , listen intently . ronnie : oc you and I have a rendezvous with destiny . we can preserve for we child this , the last best hope of man on earth , or we can sentence they to take the first step into a thousand year of darkness . the audience applaud thunderously . betsy lean over . to Nancy , whisper : betsy do you talk to Carol ? what do she say ? Nancy whisper into she ear . as the applause fade , a woman stand up in the audience , call to Reagan : woman in audience Mr. Reagan ! Mr. Reagan ! have you register as a Republican , yet ? 47 reagan ( grin ) well , .no , I have not yet .. but I intend to . woman in audience it just so happen that I be a registrar . as everyone laugh in shock , she walk down the aisle and place a registration form on the podium in front of he . he sign it . reagan now , where be I ? the audience rise to they foot , cheer . Reagan acknowledge they . he find Nancy in the sea of cheer face , and smile . int . coconut grove - later almost everyone be go . the dance band be play one last song . Nancy and Reagan be stand near the exit , talk to admirer . betsy be with they . on the other side of the room , Ben welden , Alfred bloomingdale , and holme tuttle be sit at a table , talk quietly . alfred bloomingdale listen , Ben . holme and I be ready to write check right now ... BEN welden Mr. goldwater thanks you both . alfred bloomingdale we have already give to goldwater . we be talk about Ronald Reagan . holme tuttle the governor 's race be go to be wide open next year . the party in California 's in a shamble . we have a feel that he might be the man to bring it together . Mike deaver arrive with a beer , sit down . mike deaver - yeah , but can you really run a actor for Governor ? 48 BEN welden gentlemen , this be Mike deaver . he can get anybody elect to anything . the excitement at the table rise , perceptibly . holme tuttle Reagan 's not a actor , he 's a movie-star . besides , it 's good that he do not know anything about government . it make he more a man of the people . alfred bloomingdale and since he 's a movie star , everybody know he . running Reagan will cost half what it would cost to run somebody that nobody 's ever hear of . BEN welden listen , Alfred . I have be talk to ronnie about run , for year . I have talk until I be blue in the face . he 's not interested . holme tuttle well .. maybe you have be talk to the wrong Reagan . they all look over at Nancy , who be pull Reagan onto the dance floor . silently , they watch they begin to dance . angle - Reagan and Nancy dance well , together . perfectly match . he pull she close , give she a tender kiss . nancy congratulation , Mr. Republican . reagan ( teasing ) do you pay that woman to come up and register I ? Nancy laugh , slyly . nancy oh , ronnie . I wish I have . they laugh , as they continue to slow - dance . end _of act three 49 act four ext . reagan 's house - pacific palisade - night super : '' 1964 '' a few car in the driveway . walter cronkite 's voice report goldwater 's defeat by LBJ ; the worst in election history . int . live room - continuing Reagan watch tv , while eat jellybean out of a jar . nearby , be deaver , welden , and betsy and Alfred bloomingdale . grim . the may be empty ash trays . mike deaver four more year of LBJ . betsy bloomingdale he 's go to double tax , you watch . alfred bloomingdale yup . by the time the Democrats be do , there 'il be no corporation leave , in this country . we will all be bankrupt . ( pause ) ronnie , I be tell you . you be we only hope . reagan what make you think I could be Governor ? I have never even play one . they laugh . ext . reagan 's pool - continuing Alfred holme talk to Nancy in the shadow , by the pool . holme tuttle Nancy , we want to put you husband in the Governor 's seat , and keep he there for 8 year . then we be go to put he in the presidency for another 8 year . by the time he 's do , communism will be dead , the Republican Party reunite , and '' conservative '' will not be a dirty word , anymore . 50 nancy holme , he 's tell you and tell you .. he do not want to do it . he like he life the way it be . holme tuttle yeah , but do you ? Nancy turn silent , wary . holme tuttle sure , it 's nice be the wife of a movie star . but think what it would be like to be the wife of the Governor of California . ( pause ) first Lady of California — sound pretty good , do not it ? there you will be , in the Governor 's mansion — nancy it 's a dump . holme tuttle then we will get you someplace nicer , somewhere right in Sacramento — nancy I hate Sacramento . holme pause again . holme tuttle Nancy , listen .. ronnie 's not the only one who can unite the party . so can you . he 's the Governor , but you be the power behind the throne . and with all that power , all that money .. you 'il have you own project , but you can also influence you husband 's decision on the economy , the welfare state , and the future of California . you 'il be the social and political center of power . I tell you - comparatively speak , it make Hollywood look like tobacco Road . she turn , without a word , and go into the house . he slowly follow . int . reagan 's live room - night | everyone 's laugh , as Nancy come back into the room . she sit on the arm of he chair , put she arm around he . 51 reagan how 's ron ? nancy fast asleep . BEN welden Nancy , we want to form a '' Friends of Ronald Reagan '' Committee . what do you say ? reagan I tell they , you and I be already friend . Nancy laugh . holme appear in the doorway , re-light he cigar while the conversation continue : reagan I do not know . it mean turn everything upside down .. especially you life , Nancy . you life will never be the same . all eye turn to Nancy . she smile mysteriously , and give he a kiss on top of he head . nancy oh God , ronnie .. I be tired of fight it , be not you ? this people need you . California need you . ( pause ) and besides , I have a very special friend who say you have make a great Governor . Reagan turn to the other , smile : reagan be not she the great ? nancy ( then ) okay , gentleman . where do we start ? int . reagan 's den - night the de be fill with new face ( campaign aide ) make poster , stuff envelope , on the phone , etc . one of the aide come out .. bump into little ron in the hallway , who 's dance to he own silent music ... 52 keeps go into the kitchen , where he open the fridge and start rummage for food . a publicity still of the family — excluding mike and . maureen ( '' vote for reagan ! '' ) be tape to the refrigerator door . nearby , Nancy be try to talk on the phone and deal with a angry patti at the same time : nancy ( into the phone ) I know he 's about to flunk out .. I have get he tutoring , but it do not seem to help .. patti I be not go to board school , and you can not make I . nancy patti , I be talk to Mike 's teacher — patti I 'il run away ! I will ! nancy patti , go to you room ! now ! patti kick the refrigerator , and run off in tear . Nancy turn to the cupboard , take out a bottle of valium , take one . hold onto the cupboard to steady she nerve . campaign aide do you have anymore mayo ? int . nancy 's bathroom - palisade house patti sneak in , and quietly open Nancy 's medicine cabinet . it 's full of prescription drug . she take down a bottle , pour some pill into she hand , stuff they in she pocket . ext . mike 's school - day Mike be sit on the curb , tightly coiled , as Nancy drive up with ron and patti in the back seat . he climb in . the car roar away from the curb . int . nancy'' car - day Nancy turn to Mike . her hand clench to the steering wheel . in the back , patti be asleep on the seat . 53 nancy so what happen ? mike I do not start it . the other guy hit I . nancy you be get a reputation . listen , Mike .. you father and I want to help you , but we have come to a dead end . either you start live up to the Reagan name , or get out . mike you want I to leave ? nancy unless you shape up . mike you do not want I , anyway . you never do . nancy I be not you mother . I do not have to want you . go back to you real mother and you real father .. whoever they be : the word be barely out of she mouth , when Nancy wish she could stuff they back in . too late . the damage be do . they ride , in silence . int . reagan ' foyer ~ palisade house - later Mike slam in from outside , stomp through the house , and out the door to the pool . a moment later , Nancy come in with patti . she go to the de , where Reagan be meeting with deaver and welden . nancy ronnie , may I speak to you for a moment ? reagan sure , mommy . Reagan come out . he 's overwhelm , too . reagan mermie call . she 's on she way here . she need a place to stay for a few day . 54 nancy why ? reagan she will not say . but she 's leave she husband . I tell she she could help out with the campaign . nancy oh God . okay , and here 's some news for you - Mike get into another fight at school . and i.. I say some thing I should not have say . ( then ) I have have it , ronnie . I really have . he 's get to go . reagan where ? where will he go ? nancy anywhere . Home to Jane . for God 's sake , he 's old enough to live on he own . reagan but I like have he here — nancy ronnie , I can not deal with he , and take care of ron , and get patti off to board school and besides , all this people — we do not have any privacy , none at all — she 's on the verge of tear . Reagan kiss , hug she . reagan okay , fine , I x11 tell he . Nancy can see he reluctance . nancy never mind , you do not have to . I will take care of it . he already think I 'ma monster . I be a monster . reagan how could you possibly be a monster ? come on , Nancy -pant . do not cry , it 'il put line in you face . smile . smile . '' she try to smile . he kiss she . doorbell . before they can move , ron run to the door , and open it . 55 Maureen ( 24 ) be stand on the threshold , with a suitcase . maureen hi , be you ron ? I be you big sister Maureen . int . hallway - night Nancy be get linen out of the hall - closet . she head towards the de ... pass the kitchen , where Reagan , welden and deaver be sit around . the kitchen table , talk ... check the patio where Mike sulk , while ron and patti be play card ... as nancy pass , patti turn to ron and whisper : patti she 's get rid of I , and she 's get rid of Mike . the next one to get rid of be you . Little ron 's eye grow big . int . den - continuing Nancy set the linen on the sofa . Maureen be set up she thing on a shelf . nancy this be for you . since Mike 's on the sofa , I imagine you 'il have to sleep on the floor . maureen Fine . nancy I want to say something here . girl-talk . Maureen turn and look at she . maureen what be it ? nancy since you father be run for public office .. and you be in the middle of a divorce .. I really think it 's best if you 56 would exempt yourself from take part in he campaign . maureen ( astonished ) dad be divorced , too — nancy yes , but the voter already know that . frankly , mermie , if you want to help you father , the best thing you can do be stay away . Nancy be about to pat Maureen on the shoulder , when she see a ferocious bruise on Maureen 's upper arm . she stare at it for several moment -- then turn , and walk out . Maureen stare after she , darkly . ext . palisade house - morning a charter bus smoke in the driveway , a banner on its side read '' Reagan for Governor '' . Nancy and Reagan come out of the house , accompany by aide carry they suitcase . Reagan help Nancy onto the bus . Maureen be nowhere to be see . welden and deaver be talk . mike deaver we could cover a lot more ground if he have fly . BEN welden he 's afraid of it . be afraid of it since he be a kid . deaver look at the bus , and sigh . int . bus - continuing it 's fill with cheering volunteer . Reagan grin at they : 57 reagan until last night , I think I be agree to do something that would last only until November , and then I have go back to private life . but then Nancy say to I , '' what if you win ? '' ( mock-horror ) I say , '' wait a minute ! if I win this damn thing , I be out of show business ! and I be in politics ! '' everybody roar with laughter . a series of scene : Reagan and Nancy on the campaign trail . reception in home and drab hotel . Endless hand -shake . welden and deaver always at Reagan 's side . tv - color Governor Pat Brown in a commercial , talk to a classroom of kid : PAT brown I be run against a actor , and you know who shot lincoln , do not you ? ext . SMALL california . town -— day the Reagan bus stop at a american legion Hall , where a crowd be wait . they burst into cheer , as a exhaust Reagan get out , smile and wave . he plunge into the crowd , shaking hand , banter ( ad lib ) as welden try to keep he move . Nancy follow , look nervously at a group of student protestor at the edge of the crowd . student protestor reagan be a fascist ! reagan 's a fascist ! ( etc . ) a object fly out of the group , intend to hit Reagan in the head . he catch it -- a orange - - throw it back . reagan this thing be not ripe . and neither be you ! the crowd laugh . Reagan shout to the student : 58 reagan and you know what ? if I have any doubt that I be do the right thing , I just lose . they ! so when I be you next Governor ... his supporter cheer .. the student boo ... reagan the first thing I be go to do be clean up the mess on we college campuse ! a turmoil of cheer and jeer . supporter and student exchange angry shout . a scuffle break out . ext . orme school for girl ~ phoenix , az - night a posh private school for girl .. horse stable , etc ... int . dormitory hallway - orme - night very loud music : Rolling Stones ( " 19 nervous breakdown '' ) . girl ( age 12 - 16 ) run in and out of they room , shriek , dance . another night at board school . int . student lounge - orme - continuing cigarette smoke swirl in the student lounge , where a big hand - make sign ( '' vote for Pat Brown '' ) cover almost a entire wall . a group of a dozen girl in hippie garb sit , glue . to the tv . david brinkley ( tv ) and in California , Ronald Reagan have win the gubernatorial election by nearly a million vote , take 55 of the 58 county in that state ... a general groan . one girl burst into tear ( patti , 14 ) . patti Jesus Christ . we be all screw . girl 1 look out , everybody . Hitler 's just be elect Governor . a titter go around the room . another girl roll over into patti 's lap , and hug she : girl 2 it 's okay , patti . we still love you . 59 laughter . patti shrink into she seat , still cry . int . yacht marina bar - salton sea , CA - night Michael hang out with sailboat- racing buddy as he stare at the bar tv , which be show picture of Reagan headquarters fill with cheer crowd . he and he friend whoop and holler . int . back room - reagan headquarters - night Reagan and Nancy hold each other , as they aide , include Ben welden , slap each other on the back . ron watch from the corner , reek of loneliness . the deathly chant of voice calling ( oc ) : voice : oc we want ronnie ! we want ronnie ! we want ronnie ! ( etc . ) int . PRESS room - reagan headquarters ~- night the camera-light be blind , as Reagan pull Nancy through the crowd to the podium . he 's hold up he hand for silence , but the crowd be chanting faster and faster : crowd ronnie ! ronnie ! ronnie ( etc . ) the chant build almost to the point of hysteria , then ... bell tolling midnight ext . SACRAMENTO capitol step —- a marble statue of the Holy virgin look down on a solemn ceremony wait to begin . Reagan and Nancy stand before a robe justice , head bow . Nancy be hold a old , tape Bible -reagan 's mother 's Bible . a group of spectator shiver , as well as loyal and edith Davis , and little ron , who 's half - asleep , be hold up by Maureen . nearby , the all - white member of Reagan 's administration — include ed meese , ( we will meet he later ) , Ben welden , and Mike deaver . when the tolling stop , Nancy hand the Bible to the justice . Reagan put one hand on it , and raise the other , repeat after the justice : 60 justice / reagan I , Ronald Wilson Reagan , do solemnly swear ... angle - welden and deaver watch , as the oath continue . deaver try to restrain a yawn of exhaustion , whisper : mike deaver for the love of Pete , why do we have to do this at midnight ? BEN welden it 's she '' special friend '' . ( off deaver 's look ) some astrologer . mommy talk to she on the phone almost every day . welden nod to Nancy , who be stand next to Reagan , look at he with so much adoration , it 's almost scary . BEN welden the astrologer say it have to be right after midnight . when Jupiter be rise . the same time they crown king . and one more thing — it have to be in a part of the Capital that have never be use for a swear - in before . deaver stare at he , wishing he could laugh . as Reagan finish the oath , he turn to Nancy , give she a kiss . BEN welden by the way , Mike , I be give you a special job . from now on , you be on mommy watch . end _of act four 61 act five documentary footage : Music : the Beatles 's '' Eleanor rigby '' over .. LBJ grin , show he gallbladder scar to the press ... Mohammed Ali indicted for refuse to be draft .. crowd of viet nam protester ... ext . berkeley campus ( sproul hall ) - day super : '' 1967 '' . a explosion of shout , chant , jeer from student demonstrator . as Reagan come out of the hall , escort by police , he 's immediately meet by another mob : the media . reagan I have just put the trustees of this University on notice . the people of this state be sick and tired of sit-in and walk - out . it 's time we have a few throw - out ! student : oc go back to Hollywood , bonzo ! reagan the people put I here , son ! I do not know what drug you be on , but start right now , you be go to obey the rule , or get out ! student hiss and boo . flashbulb pop . the san francisco chronicle Reagan 's angry face beneath a headline : '' Reagan fire Berkeley President : vow deep cut in State spend '' . ext . governor's mansion - day the mansion be a classic wedding - cake victorian on a busy street . traffic boom noisily past as ... int . governor's mansion - foyer - continuing Nancy follow Mike deaver into the Governor 's mansion for the first time . the wall be peel , the rug be tear . Dust hang in the air . outside , traffic roar past . 62 nancy ( grimly ) it certainly be historic , be not it ? as if to punctuate this remark , another truck rumble past . ext . reagan 's house - pool - pacific palisade - day Nancy beside the pool , watch ron swim , as she talk to Carol Ryder on the phone : nancy it 's a fire - trap . we would be asleep , the wiring would catch fire , and we would all be burn alive . intercut with carol ryder on the phone in her office - carol ryder you already know you do not want to live there . use you power . nancy but what about the press ? the Governor 's family have always , always live there ... carol ryder what do they say in Hollywood ? buckle you seat-belt . it 's go to be a bumpy ride . int . expensive restaurant - day Nancy take a sip of she wine , and lean forward to betsy bloomingdale , furious : nancy so then Mike deaver say , '' why do not you fix it up ? it can be you own little project , like Jackie Kennedy fix up the White House . '' betsy only Jackie Kennedy have a budget . nancy exactly . I be not go to have ronnie live in a flea-trap . we be go to rent a nice house , a beautiful house where we can entertain people from the industry , and ambassador and all the rest of we friend , and anyone who do not like it 63 \veisit '' can go to hell , and I do not care how much it cost . betsy you do not ? nancy ( smile ) well , that bring I to you . betsy smile back , and turn to a passing waiter : betsy waiter . get I a phone , would you ? ( back to Nancy ) Alfred and holme tuttle get you into this mess . they should get you out . a paunchy man in a bad suit be stand outside the door with a zoom lens , quietly take picture . int . newspaper office - | two headline ( '' Fancy Nancy turn up her nose at Governor 's mansion '' and " Nancy eat out , while hubbie cut School lunch '' ) be be prepare with a picture of Nancy and betsy at lunch . a editor be look at they . he pick '' Fancy Nancy ... '' editor go with this one . ext . reagan 's rented . house ~ SACRAMENTO - day a garage door rise , and the Governor 's limo emerge from the dark , head down the driveway . a SMALL crowd of demonstrator be gather on the lawn of the reagans 's magnificent rent house . Nancy and little ron be in the back seat . he 's get he school bag . suddenly , out of nowhere , a tomato splat against the window . Nancy and ron scream , and grab each other in fright . back to the newspaper editor' office - as he pick a picture of a single , black Welfare mom with she child , match it with a headline ( '' Welfare be a Cancer , say Reagan '' ) and hand it to he assistant . 64 editor go with this . jump CUT - the editor hold up a mock - up of another front page with another headline : '' Reagan issue biggest tax hike in U.S. History '' ... editor this one . jump CUT - a picture of a mental hospital stamp '' close '' . editor yeah . perfect . black and white still - aaron mitchell Police mug shot of a black man . ed meese : oc this be Aaron Mitchell . convict cop - killer on death row in San quentin . Governor Brown upheld the sentence before he leave office , and both the state and national Supreme court have deny a stay of execution . he 's schedule to die tomorrow night . Mitchell 's face project on the wall of the gubernatorial cabinet room -a dingy room with a long table , tear rug , and cigar burn on the furniture . Reagan and Mike deaver be at the table , go through Mitchell 's file . ed meese , ( 40' ) , Reagan 's clemency secretary , continue : ed meese he have he final mercy hearing this afternoon . after that , Governor , it 's up to you . mike deaver even Pat Brown say he should die . and he be against the death penalty . Reagan hand Mitchell 's file back to meese . 65 reagan ( grimly ) thanks , Ed . if the law say Aaron Mitchell have to die , then I agree . pause . BEN welden his mother be in the hallway . she 's get she attorney with she , and a helluva lot of reporter . reagan ( nodd ) it 's a sorry mess . listen , Ed , I have talk to she myself , but I have get to get on a plane in 20 minute for a meeting in Los Angeles . can you talk to she ? ed meese ( surprised ) yes , sir . deaver you might want to use the security entrance , sir . Reagan stand up , end the meeting . welden turn on the light , and Mitchell 's projection disappear . as Reagan and deaver leave , meese turn to Ben welden : ed meese what 's the meeting in Los Angeles ? BEN welden ( sigh ) Academy Award . on meese 's incredulous face - ext . state capitol - aaron mitchell 's mother emerge , be hold up by she attorney , sobbing in agony : mrs . mitchell why , Jesus , why ? why ? why ? 66 mrs . mitchell 's attorney Ronald Reagan do not care about people like we . he 's run for the presidency ... ext . reagan 's rented house - SACRAMENTO - night outside , a enormous group of demonstrator be gather in the dark , hold candle and ringing handbells , sing : crowd '' we shall overcome we shall overcome ... ( etc . '' ) they hold up sign : '' Ronald Reagan — no Academy Award for legal murder '' ; '' California 's first execution since 1963 '' . int . reagan 's rented house - continuing Little ron watch from he bedroom window in the dark . the door open , and Nancy enter in she nightgown . nancy ron . get back into bed . ron what be they sing ? nancy it 's nothing . a song , that 's all . she lift he back into bed , cover he with the blanket . ron but why be they mad at we ? what would we do ? nancy shhh .. they be not mad at we . Close you eye . sleep . everything 's fine . Nancy kiss he forehead , smoothes he hair one last time , and leave the room . int . hallway - continuing Nancy emerge from ron 's bedroom , pass Mike deaver and nancy reynold , she press secretary , hide behind a curtain , look out the window at the demonstrator . 67 nancy ( hiss , furious ) tell I .. what give that .. people .. the right to terrify a 8 - year - old boy ? int . reagan 's study - SACRAMENTO house - continuing Reagan be in he study , with reverend donn moomaw , a bear - again former football star . they be on they knee , praying in front of a picture of a blonde , blue -ey Jesus . reagan my heart can not be wrong , can it ? if I love Jesus and follow he teaching , I can not be wrong , can I ? reverend moomaw you be not wrong , Governor ... reagan Aaron Mitchell be go to die , and it 's because of I . I could have save he .. reverend moomaw no one can save Aaron Mitchell from the sin he commit . reagan ( anguish ) why do I feel as if it 's my fault ? reverend moomaw let Jesus carry you burden , Governor . that 's all he ask - to carry you burden . outside , a church bell begins to toll . a cry of agony goe up from the crowd . reagan ( choke ) why do not they ring that bell every time there 's a murder ? moomaw begin to pray : reverend moomaw we pray for you will to be reveal , oh Lord ... 68 reagan we pray for you will to be reveal , oh Lord ... reverend moomaw we pray for armageddon , when , accord to you will , the dark force of the world will be defeat by a leader from the West , who will be reveal as the Antichrist . he , too , will fall , and then Jesus Christ will triumph in the creation of a new heaven and a new earth ... moomaw and reagan amen . ext . san quentin state prison - night the prison bell toll as the gate of San quentin part , allow a ambulance to rumble slowly through a SMALL crowd which be hold up sign ( '' killing a cop be worse than killing 3,000 vietnamese peasant ? '' ; '' hang down you head , Black Aaron — po 's Boy you gonna die '' ) . audible sobbing as the ambulance drive off into the night . ext . reagan residence - back yard - day the endless California sun be shine , as Nancy escort journalist joan didion into the back yard . nancy my life begin when I meet ronnie .. it really do . he be my hero . she look up , and see ron appear in the back door . nancy skipper , you be home ! come on down here , honey , I want you to meet somebody ! ron be sneaking away . he lamely turn , and come out . nancy this be Joan didion . she 's write a article about we . can you say hello ? ron ' lo . Nancy smile as hard as she can , painfully aware of didion 's critical stare , and continue : 69 ne '' nancy how 's Chuck 's cold ? ron Chuck do not have a cold . nancy ( try ) Chuck do not have a cold ? ron no. Bruce have brace . nancy Bruce have brace ? ron bye . with that , ron run back into the house . Nancy resume walk , steering didion toward the garden : nancy I do not believe in be a absentee mother . I just do not . int . ron 's bedroom - continuing classical music play loud . ron be dance around he room with joyous enthusiasm . leap , pirouetting , etc . int . SACRAMENTO house - day - camera tracking thru . master bedroom toward a OPEN door nancy : oc you lie , cheating , nasty little bitch . worming you way into my house .. smiling at I .. pretend everything 's oh-so-nice .. such a nice house .. such beautiful child .. so nice to meet you , Mrs. reagan.. and you movie '' .. blah blah blah .. talk about I have a phony smile , what about you ? you be not a writer , you be a untalented liar . hack ! that 's what you be , a hack ! reagan poke he head into the bathroom and sees Nancy in the tub , up to she neck in bubbles . she startles . nancy ronnie ! Reagan sniff the air suspiciously : 70 reagan mmm. bath-oil . and lot of it . you must be pretty upset . nancy oh ronnie .. the article by that bitch Joan didion come out today .. she hate I . she positively hate I . she say I be '' live . in some daydream circa 1948 '' ! and you know what else she say ? she say the way I mother the child , it 's positively scary . she even make fun of the way I look at you ! she call it '' the gaze '' ! reagan oh , she 's probably jealous . nancy that 's what I say ! I tell she , she 's probably jealous ! ( lamely ) I mean , here . in the tub . I tell she . he laugh , go out . reagan's voice that 's what I always like about you , Nancy -pant ! you have get gut ! movie - black and white - '' knute rockne ; all american '' music : violins as Reagan ( George gipp ) , lie in a hospital bed , die . his coach , Pat o’brien ( '' rock '' ) stand nearby . reagan / gipp rock ...ssomeday when the team 's up against it .. when the break be beat the boy .. ask they to go in there with all they have get .. win just one for the gipper .. int . reagan 's den - continuing as music soars.. super : '' 1968 '' Nancy and Reagan be watch the movie on a screen , eat popcorn , tear in they eye . Reagan whisper .. like gipp : reagan I have get to do it , mommy . 721 nancy do what ? | reagan | just once . I have get to run for the presidency at least once . pause . Nancy turn to he in disbelief . nancy what ? reagan some of the boy think I should run . they do a poll , they think I can get more than 60 % of the conservative vote . nancy ronnie .. you can not run for the presidency . you just get elect Governor . reagan do you think it 's too soon ? nancy yes , I think it 's too soon . it 's way too soon . ronnie . ( he 's not listen ) ronnie . int . deaver' office - reagan house - SACRAMENTO - day Nancy corner Mike deaver in he office . she 's mad . nancy who tell ronnie he could win the nomination in ' 68 ? deaver ( hastily ) . it be not I . it be the poll . nancy Mike , it 's too early . he do not have enough experience . not only that , he can not possibly win . Nixon have it sewn up . deaver but you have get to admit , he 's get a lot of people excited . Nancy look out the door to make sure no one 's around . 72 nancy it 's more than that . my friend .my friend '' say it 's not go to work . he will lose by 7 a enormous margin . deaver well , if it do not happen , so what ? he will still be the Governor of California . he can run again in ' 72 . it 's a joke . Nancy ignore it . nancy Mike , you do not get it . he will have lose . lose . do not you see ? ( intensely ) Ronald Reagan do not lose election . Ronald Reagan be not a loser . her vehemence drive deaver into. silence . ext . orme campus — night int . patti 's dorm room - continuing patti and she boyfriend , gary ( 18 ) , make out in she room . she come up for air long enough to say : patti if we be go to do it , Gary , we have get to do it now . gary but patti , what if they come after we ? patti I have get it all figure out . my brother Mike 's work in Phoenix . I will get he to sign I out for a weekend visit . by the time they know I be go , we ’1ll be in Canada . ext . boat repair shop ( phoenix ) - day speedboat be be fix in the background , as Mike , in mechanic 's overall , talk to patti on the phone : michael ( into the phone ) patti , this be crazy . 73 intercut patti at school , on a payphone : patti . I love he . he love I . he will go straight to Vietnam unless you help I . michael - but you be ask I to lie for you ... patti I be ask you to be my brother . please , Mike . please . help I . michael okay , okay ... ' he hang up . worried . ext . the orme school - day a delegation - the headmaster and he wife , faculty member , student — be wait as two car drive in through the gate . the secret service get out of the first car . Reagan get out of the back seat of the second car , leave Nancy and the driver inside . patti sitting under a tree nearby in classic hippie drag . she get up and cross to Reagan , long to hug he . reagan ( grin ) hi , Shorty . we just happen to be in the neighborhood ... patti oh daddy . I be so sorry . reagan it 's alright . all 's well that end well . thanks to Mike . now get in the car . I have get to talk to the headmaster , and see if I can keep he from throw you out . int . reagan 's car - continuing Nancy be in the back seat , privacy window separate she from the driver , a.c. run . patti open the door , and climb in . pause . 74 nancy just tell I .. be you pregnant ? patti ( a harsh laugh ) you know what , Mom ? we never even do it . ( off Nancy 's reaction ) I be still a virgin . Cross my lie little heart . Nancy struggle not to lose it . nancy go change you clothes . you father 's take we to dinner . patti I be not change . if he want to take I out , then I be go like this . nancy do not argue . go. patti no . this be it . take it or leave it . nancy why do you do this to I ? why do you have to fight I ? patti why do you hate I ? nancy I do not hate you . patti you have always hate I . you have hate I since I be a little girl . go on , hit I . you can not hurt I , anymore . Nancy slap she . patti reel , come back up defiant . outside the car - the secret service Agents hear the slap , and exchange a glance . in the b.g. , Reagan approach . int . reagan 's car - continuing as Reagan climb into the car , he turn to patti : 75 reagan so , do mommy tell you the news ? patti no . Nancy oblige : nancy they want you father to run for President . patti daddy , be you serious ? you just start be Governor . reagan ( smile ) that 's what mommy say . at least you two agree on something . the two car drive away , vanish in a swirling cloud of dust which become ... | boiling smoke in the street of saigon super : '' 1968 '' more image of smoke and fire : a bonfire at a anti-war rally .. tear gas swirl in Detroit as black riot .. rfk die in a hotel kitchen .. Martin luther King iying on a motel balcony in Memphis .. smoke shroud the Capitol Building ... and a battery of cameras flash as Reagan announce : reagan I seek the nomination for the high office in we land because I have no choice . everything we hold dear — the american ideal that have make we the envy of the world — - be under attack . it 's time to fight back . he 's stand amid a crowd on the capitol step ( SACRAMENTO ) . Nancy murmur to deaver and welden , stonily : nancy it 's not he time . he 's get saturn in he | tenth house . he 's go to lose . and it 's you people who push he into it . welden step back , mutter to deaver , sarcastically : 76 welden alas .. who know what 's in the star ? Nancy do not hear : she 's watch Reagan with a look of utter doom on she face . inf . republican convention ( 1968 ) - on the podium mcas voice lady and gentleman , the next President of the United States , Richard milhouse Nixon . richard and PAT nixon , tricia and julie enter , smile broadly . Nixon thrust he arm into the air in victory . end of act five 77 a nsasast '' act six documentary footage : watergate hearing . Nixon and Pat leave the White House . Gerry Ford and Betty wave goodbye to they helicopter . int . reagan 's bedroom - night super : '' 1973 " . Reagan in pjs , lie on the sofa , eat cookie . ron ( 15 ) sit up , hold a school notebook , be '' official '' : ron be you ready ? reagan shoot . ron switch on a tape-recorder . the reel begin to turn . ron so , dad . I mean Governor Reagan . as you prepare to leave office , what do you think be the biggest achievement of you administration ? reagan be you speak as a reporter , or as my son ? ron dad. come on . it 's the school paper . reagan okay , let 's see .. well , I know people hate to hear this .. but the state of California have finally be force to become fiscally responsible .. which mean that , like it or not , we have to end the free lunch that a lot of we citizen have come to expect . ron yeah , but you close down two - third of the state mental hospital , and all that people end up on the street . ( off Reagan 's look of surprise ) dad , I be not stupid . 78 reagan ( smile ) no , you be not . but I have much more faith in the resilience of the american people than you do . they always pull themselves up by they own bootstrap . eat ron but you raise tax more than any other Governor in United States history . I mean , you be a Republican , you be suppose to be against raise tax . reagan well , I have get a theory about economics . if the rich have more money to spend on buy thing and building business , it will naturally end up help the poor people . it 's call '' trickle - down '' . pause . ron be turn cautious . ron you want to run for President again , do not you ? reagan now , ron .. you know I better than that . Reagan laugh . ron do not . he 's worried . ron what if you turn into another Richard Nixon ? Reagan be surprised . Silent for several moment . reagan listen , ron . I go to bed at night with the knowledge that I have do my best to see and hope that this people .. that I have directly appoint .. meet the standard that I want they to meet . but there can be someone .. while I be sleep .. do something he should not do , and it will break over my head . silence , as ron try to figure this one out . 79 ron so be you say , you be or you be not go to run for President in ' 76 ? Reagan 's eye twinkle , as he answer : reagan ron , I tell you from the bottom of my heart .. I have utterly and absolutely no ambition to be President in 1976 . int . nancy 's bedroom - day Nancy sit on she bed in she dress gown . she swallow a valium as she talk into the phone . nancy it 's the strangest thing .. in the midst of all this pack and leave .. and not know what 's go to happen to we , once ronnie leave office .. I keep think about my real father . be not that funny ? I have not think about he in so long . intercut with carol ryder on the phone : carol ryder sometimes , as we get older , we childhood do not fade away . it get stronger . nancy yes . yes . that 's it .. I can not stop think about he .. wonder why he leave .. why ? why do he leave ? pan to a fade photo of a man ( 1920 's ) on the desk . int . gymnasium - classical music / live piano it 's a dance class . ron be one guy out of two in a class full . of girl , but he 's dance harder than anybody else . he 's dance so hard , it 's as if he 's try to work something out — some unresolved anger . the teacher stop he : dance teacher ron. ron. slow down . you be push too hard . ron try to slow down , but he keep dance and push . 80 dancer teacher do you hear I ? you be go to hurt yourself . stop. everybody stop . ron , I want to talk to you . everybody stop . ron follow the teacher to the corner . dance teacher you tell you folk you want to dance ? ( ron shake he head ) why not , be you ashamed ? ron ( aggressively ) what do you think ? dance teacher you have get talent , ron . tell they , before you hurt yourself so badly that you can not dance . ( then ) . okay , kid . start over . position . Music . the music begin again . the dance resume . int . patti 's house ( topanga canyon ) - afternoon music : someone composing on a electric guitar . all around , anti-war poster , mood lamp , incense , etc . patti ( 22 ) be lie on the sofa , smoking a joint as she stare at the front page of the paper , which feature a photograph of Gerry Ford . patti Gerry Ford be a real argument for birth control . Gerry ford.. Richard Nixon .. not to mention my father . the pig have take over , you know ? bernie ? bernie ? she go into the kitchen , where bernie ( 24 ) be sit on the kitchen counter , play a electric guitar as he watch soup boil on the stove . patti Jesus , bernie . you be suppose to be watch the soup . bernie I be . 81 '' au '' patti turn off the stove , and put she hand on bernie 's string to stop the music . pause . patti the political machine be bent on destroy we . the only thing we can do be lay down we body in front of it . sacrifice ourselves , if we have to . ( pause ) even if nobody else will stand up for they conscience , I will . underwater Reagan swim down , down through dark water . panicky , search . he heart pounding . he see a child 's hand emerge from the black . he grab it , and pull — it 's a child 's body , eye OPEN , drowned . Reagan scream underwater . int . reagan 's bedroom - twilight Reagan sit bolt upright in bed , in a terror . Nancy reach out to he : nancy bad dream ? reagan somebody be drown ... she pull he down again , stroking he hair , consol he as she have , a hundred time : nancy it 's okay . nobody 's drown . we be all here . ext . rancho del cielo - santa barbara mountain - day Reagan , shirtless , chopping wood . he 's strong . he can split a log with one chop . he pause , wipe the sweat from he brow , look out over the mountain . it 's so beautiful . Nancy sit on a log nearby , drink a cup of coffee . reagan sometimes I think , screw politics . I be make for chopping tree .. and dredge pond .. and fix the roof ... 82 nancy there 's 1l1 be plenty of time for that , later . after you be do be President , and we be lie around , eat bonbon and building presidential library . reagan you be a troublemaker , you know that ? nancy I ? I be the one who 's keep you from mess you life up . reagan hey . watch you mouth . he start toward she . she run away , laugh . int . reagan 's house - reagan 's office - day super : '' 1975 '' Reagan be on head - set , talk into the mic , finish he weekly radio address . reagan status quo . that 's Latin for the mess we be in . ( beat ) well , that 's it for this week , folk . just remember : to err be human — it take a government computer to really louse thing up . see you next week . he turn off the mic and look up , as Nancy stick she head into the room . nancy guess who 's here ? Mike deaver stick he head in , behind she . reagan Mike ! what be you do here ? deaver hi , Governor . nancy never mind ask he to stay for lunch . I already do . 83 Reagan get up , follow they out . follow nancy , deaver , and reagan down . the hall - pass bedroom , head outside towards the pool . reagan I be tell you , this radio-thing be the most fun I have have in year . i deaver more fun than run for President ? reagan anything 's more fun than that . they pass the kitchen , where the cook and may be work . nancy gilda , get Mr. deaver a beer , would you ? and add a extra place at the table . } i deaver well , I get a letter from the Young Americans for freedom , yesterday . they want to endorse you against Gerry Ford . reagan I can not run against Gerry Ford , Mike . I would be split the party . deaver he 's the incumbent , but that 's about all . nancy do you see he this weekend ? he trip , come down the step of Air Force one . I think he be go to land face - first on the tarmac . everyone wince , laugh . deaver if Nixon have not resign , he have never have get near the office . nancy that 's not the point . if ronnie run now , he will be see as a spoiler . it ’1ll ruin he political career . 84 : deaver I disagree . I do . I think this could be the Governor 's year , if he want it . as they emerge outside , by the pool : deaver what 's worse ? challenge Ford for the White House , or let he sink the party ? int . reagan dine room — night Reagan sit at the head . Nancy 's next to he , hand fold , look unbelievably tense . reagan ~ my political advisor say the grassroot support be there , and it 's time I put myself on the line again . if I do not , I x11 always feel like the guy who sit on the bench and never get into the game . so .. I '' announce my entrance into the presidential race . Michael nod happily . Maureen , stunne . ron , silent . ny patti be conspicuously absent . michael that ' 's good , dad . that 's great . you know I 'il support you . maureen dad , no . if you lose again , it 's 1ll be the 2 ° time . people will remember you as a loser . the sting of she word hang in the air . pause . 1 nancy ron ? you be be quiet . ron so be you . ( to he father ) you do not need to know what I think . I be sure you so -called political advisor have give you every angle . Seas '' nancy ron . say it . 85 ron and he mother exchange a look . then : . ron okay , dad . as far as I can tell , you advisor have do nothing but get you into trouble . they be just a bunch of nicotine - stain , wheeze , gray - tone - amoral — ( he break off ) I think you lower yourself by listen to they . reagan you do not think I have make a good President . pause . ron twist , uncomfortably . ron do you really need to be President , dad ? really ? can not you be happy do .. something else ? Reagan be take aback . his word sound hollow . reagan . I can do a lot of thing for America . ron look at he , disappointed . ext . miami airport ~ day a cheer crowd be gather , Reagan wave from a podium . as he move to he right to join Nancy , there be a upsurge of movement behind he . somebody shout '' dutch ! '' and two secret service agent dive onto a dark - haire man behind he . Nancy stare in horror at a gun wave above the wrestle trio . nancy ronnie ! int . airport security office — day Reagan be shake , accept a glass of water from one of the secret service agent , who be even more shake . ronnie I do not understand what all the fuss be about , I be okay . 86 secret service agent 1 Sir , we ask you to leave the podium to you leave ... reagan yes , but I hear somebody call I '' dutch '' and I think it be someone I know back in towa ... Nancy slam down she glass of water and come off she chair , furious : nancy well , do not forget ! from now on , if they say '' go leave '' , go leave ! do you hear I , ronnie ?! Reagan do that self - deprecate head shake , and he mouth crinkle , as he say : reagan aw , mommy .. do not be so upset . it be just a toy gun ! Nancy stand there , unsure whether to shoot herself or die where she 's stand . int . HOTEL suite - somewhere in america - night barry goldwater on tv : barry goldwater '' as far as the Panama Canal go .. Governor Reagan 's view spring from a surprisingly dangerous state of mind that could needlessly lead this country into open military conflict ... '' reagan dangerous ? Barry goldwater think I be dangerous ? he use to be my friend ... Nancy turn down the tv . nancy he 's betrayed you . you stump for he , back in ' 64 . you knock yourself out to get he elect President — and now look how he treat you . oh , ronnie . I be tired . this be not work out the way we hope . 87 she move to he , hold he , rest she chin on top of he head . reagan the campaign be break . though John sear have some idea about a fundraiser . nancy we can always quit and go home . pause . '' reagan no . no . I be take this campaign all the way to the convention in Kansas City . even if we lose every damn primary along the way . the republican convention - kansas CITY - night - 1976 a floor demonstration : Reagan supporter chant heavily , and wave sign ( '' Reagan in ' 76 " ) : reagan supporter we want ron ! we want ron !. we want ron ! in the reagan sky - BOX Reagan motion for the demonstration to stop , smile gamely . Nancy — in a white dress with black diamond — look around the convention , with a doom smite on she face ... announcer : oc lady and gentleman , the current and next President of the United States .. Gerald R. Ford ! the podium - the ford family jerry , betty , susan , steve arrive on the podium , and hugging each other in happy triumph . Gerry take the mic : gerry ford ron , will you come down .. and bring Nancy ! the whole convention . go insane . as the reagans make they way out of the skybox .. the Convention Band launch into '' California , here I come ! '' ... int . patti 's house ( topanga canyon ) - night 88 patti and bernie be watch the tv.. where Nancy and Reagan arrive at the podium , shaking hand with the ford . Michael , ron and Maureen be behind they . bernie well , he lose . now you do not have to go to Canada . patti ( dismally ) he 'll. run again in '' 80 . my mother will see to it . tv screen - closer Reagan and Nancy , arm around each other , wave to the crowd . he 's smile , happily — ever the actor on center stage . she 's smile , she heart break . reagan nmove to the mic ) Mr. President , Mrs. Ford ... ( look out across the sea of face ) someone ask I to write a letter for a time capsule that be go to be open in Los Angeles a hundred year from now , on we tricentennial . they suggest I write something about the problem and issue of the day ... angle - Gerry Ford realize that he own speech have become nothing but a warm - up speech for Reagan 's . reagan we live in a world in which the great power have poise and aim at each other horrible missile of destruction , nuclear weapon , that can in a matter of minute destroy , virtually , the civilized world we | live in ... the convention floor - under every red , white and blue straw hat be a face transfix . reagan and suddenly it dawn on I , that who read this letter a hundred year from now will know whether that missile be fire . will they look back with appreciation and say , '' thank God for that | people in 1976 who head off that loss of 89 freedom , who keep we world from nuclear destruction ? by now , many face across the floor be wet with tear . reagan this be we challenge ; and this be why .. we must go forth from here united , determine | that what a great general say a few year ago be true : there be no substitute for victory , Mr. President . if Reagan glide offstage . the audience break into a roar . politician hurry to he , pump he hand with respect . Mike deaver 's on the floor , turn to the aide next to he : deaver see how smart the old man be ? he give the best speech of the entire Convention , and never even mention Gerry Ford . as the crowd continue to go wild ... end _of act six 90 act seven documentary footage - Jimmy Carter talk about the energy y crisis as a national catastrophe .. Gas line .. in Iran , crowd 3 storm U.S. embassy and take almost 100 hostage ... super : '' 1979 '' . ext . reagan 's palisade house - night a cluster of car park outside . SOUND : mens 's laughter . int . reagan 's den - night Reagan sit in he de , hold court with Mike deaver , Ben welden , Arthur bloomingdale , holme tuttle , and a new man , JOHN sear . reagan so President Carter 's work late one night when old teddy Roosevelt 's 's ghost drift into the oval Office . Jimmy turn down das rheingold , jump up and offer he he chair . '' no , '' say tr , '' you be the president now , I be just haunt the place . how 's it go ? '' '' not too good , '' say Jimmy , '' th 's Iranians have imprison 52 of we diplomatic personnel , and have be hold they for a year . '' '' so you send in the Marines , right ? '' say tr . '' uh no , but ah register a strong protest at than United Nations . '' tr say in a cold voice , '' anything else ? '' '' well , uh , than Russians just invade Afghanistan . '' tr say , '' and of course you retaliate with every weapon in we arsenal . '' Jimmy say , '' no , but ah have withdraw we athrlete from than Olympic Games . '' at this , tr blow he top and shout , '' the next thing you be go to tell I be you have give back the Panama Canal ! '' more laughter . Nancy speak from the doorway , where she 's be listen : nancy it 's get late . I be sorry , but you have all better go , before the Governor turn into a pumpkin . everybody stand up , stub out they cigar . John sear come up to Reagan and Nancy , positioning himself for a 91 introduction . sear be young ( 30' ) , charismatic , good - look . reagan Nancy , you remember John sear ? he tell I he work for we back in 1976 , during the second presidential campaign . nancy yes , certainly . hello , John . Nice to see you again . JOHN sear thank you , Mrs. Reagan . reagan he 's go . to be we new campaign manager . nancy ( wryly ) really ? so if my husband lose again , I x11 have you to blame ? more laughter . ext . reagan's rancho del cielo - day Reagan stand at a bank of microphone . he and Nancy be dress in fancy embroider cowboy outfit . reagan ( nodd to the land around he ) America be bear in country like this — a big dream for a big land . Mr. Carter tell we we live in a America of '' diminish expectation '' — - well , that be big word for a very small dream . one of the reporter — bill shelby — interrupt : bill shelby Governor Reagan — deaver no question . no question . reagan go ahead . deaver roll he eye , as Shelby continue : 92 bill shelby you love of the land be obvious . but President Carter say you environmental policy would turn land like yours over to the polluter . reagan if he will check the fact , he will find that more pollution be cause by rotting vegetation than by any so-called polluter — he name for big business , by the way . bill shelby by '' rotting vegetation '' , sir , do you mean tree ? reporter 1 and 2 sir! Sir ! be you say tree cause pollution ?? deaver wince as the reporter take it down . Nancy step forward to Reagan , and murmur in he ear : nancy ( whisper ) I think it 's time to show you around this place . reagan ( to the crowd , smile ) I think it 's time to show you around this place . the reporter hear Nancy 's murmur , and write that down , too . Mike deaver be die , as Reagan and Nancy cross to they horse and climb up . bill shelby ( sing quietly to he buddy ) '' happy trail to you ... '' snicker among the reporter . int . palisade house - night it 's late . a knock at the front door . Nancy opén it , and admit Mike deaver . nancy thanks for come so late . 93 deaver it 's okay . what 's the pow-wow ? Nancy walk he toward the live room , where Reagan be talk to John sear . she whisper to he : nancy it 's John . he 's say thing about you . deaver I should have know . int . live room - continuing as Nancy and Mike enter the live room , Reagan look nervous , avoid Mike 's gaze . deaver cross to the bar , fill he glass with whiskey . while there , he notice a poster on the counter : a photo of a tree with the caption '' CUT I down before I kill more '' . he crumple it , and put it in the wastebasket . deaver Jesus , this poster be everywhere . sear it happen on you watch . deaver I can not control every goddam thing , John . sear it 's not only the poster . it 's the money . we have serious money problem . deaver I know we be behind on fund -raise , but it 's still early — sear it 's not early . it 's late . we have only get 6 month until the election . we need more money , and we need it now . you have be campaign manager until now , and you be just not cut it . deaver be that what you think , Governor ? do you think I be not cut it ? Reagan be examine he fingernails . sears. take control . 94 sear look . a campaign be like a symphony orchestra . everybody 's get to stay in they seat , and play the same music . rd deaver ( get mad ) what the hell ? sear Mike , I have tell the Governor it 's get to be either you or I . I can not run a campaign when I be be continually undermine . reagan but John , Mike 's be with I for more than 15 year ... sear I know , Governor . I appreciate he loyalty . but I can not stand by , and watch you lose again . I love my country too much . Reagan turn to Nancy , who slowly nod . Mike see it . deaver no , Governor . you do not have to make that choice . I x11 resign . deaver walk out of the live room . Reagan follow he . reagan Mike . Mike . please do not . do not go . Nancy and John sear stand alone in silence , look at each other . finally , she speak , quietly : nancy you love this , do not you , John ? sear I be a patriot , Mrs. Reagan . nancy yes , of course . that 's what they all say . oc : SOUND of the front door close . Reagan come back in . 95 reagan the biggest man here just leave the room . sear do not even seem to hear Reagan . he pick up he calendar , and start flipping through it . sear | now , let 's talk about schedule . I be go | to send you to New Hampshire on Friday . Mrs. Reagan , if you do not mind , I think you should let the Governor go alone . Nancy 's eye harden . nancy alone ? but all the other candidate 's wife — sear I be sorry . at this stage of the game , you be just a distraction . the focus need to be on the Governor , himself . Nancy turn to Reagan , curiously . he look away . int . reagan 's bedroom - night Reagan and Nancy lie in bed together . moonlight on they face nancy John sear be the Devil . reagan he 's not the Devil . but why will not he look I in the eye . he always look I in the tie . nancy though , if anyone can get you elect , he can . nancy so we be go to do what he say , no matter what ? reagan ( sigh ) I be 68 . if I do not do it now , next time I will be 72 . please , honey . stick with I , for just one more round . please . 96 she put she arm around he . he put he arm around she . nancy but what be we go to do without each other ? reagan damned if I know . ext . palisade house - day the secret service man in the driveway , stand around a red Toyota , which be cover with anti-nuke sticker . int . live room - day patti be double up on the sofa , in obvious pain . she 's pale , tremble . patti I read in the paper , dad fire Mike deaver . nancy he do not fire he . Mike quit . he have personal problem he have to work out . patti personal problem ? what kind of personal problem ? nancy patti , you do not drive all the way here from San Francisco to talk about Mike deaver . patti bernie say to I , why do they fire he ? I say , bernie you have to understand something about my parent . this be the beginning of the biggest movie my parent will ever star in , and all of we be bit player . we do not matter . no we do not . the movie 's more important than anything else . if I ever leave , all they 'il do be call Central caste and a new girl will be bring in to take my place . be not that right , Mom ? 97 nancy I do not know what you have be smoking , patti , but you have better get off it . patti no , Mom , you see that 's the problem . I have not be smoking anything . oh God , I wish I be stone right now . you do not have any dope , do you ? nancy patti . patti I ' 1l take anything . darvon . valium . quaalude . anything at all . I be hurt so much , Mom . Nancy be beginning to get scared . nancy patti.. what have you do to yourself ? patti see the look on Nancy 's face , and almost laugh . patti you mean , do I get a abortion ? hardly . hardly , Mom . no , I get my tube tie . stun silence . nancy you what ? patti i‘1l be damned if I x11 bring any kid into this world .. the world you and you kind have create . I will not . I just will not , you hear ? ( start to cry ) because it all suck , see ? all of it . the world be one big pollute mess , and all the good guy be dead . JFK . rfk . Martin luther king. even elvis . elvis be dead . he would have make a better president than daddy . ( break off ) mommy , help I , please ! please ! patti sob . Nancy be at she side in a second , put she arm around she , hold she , consol she ... 98 nancy oh baby .. baby , what have you do ? patti I be so scared , mommy .. I be scared . I ask the doctor , I say , be it suppose to hurt this much ? I mean it hurt so much , mommy , I feel like someone stick a knife into I ... patti be a terrify 5 - year-old . Nancy hold she , rock she back and forth , stroking she hair . nancy it 's okay .. really , baby .. we 'il get you another doctor , and you will stay here , until you get better . everything 's go to be alright , it really will . ext . factory - new hampshire - day New Hampshire be cold . forbid . no fun at all . Reagan stand outside a factory , look for hand to shake . ext . palisade house - pool - day patti lie on a chaise beside the pool , read . SOUND : laughter . patti look up from she book at Nancy on the } other side of the pool , in a expensive new dress , parade back and forth in front of betsy bloomingdale , who clap . patti scowl , hide in she book . int . reagan 's HOTEL room —- new hampshire Reagan talk to sear . in the b.g. , Ben welden and sear 's assistant . sear I be not say Ed meese be a bad person , Governor , but look at he —he 's completely out of the loop , and he briefcase be full of position papers which nobody 's even interested in ! I do not know what he 's do here ! int . hallway outside - continuing two secret servicemen loung in the hallway , cupping they ear to the door , eavesdropp : 99 reagan : oc ( muffle ) you dirty rotten bastard ! this be the same speech you make when I agree to let Mike deaver go ! I x11 be goddamn if I will stand by and see Ed meese run out of this campaign , too ! the other secret service agent start clap he hand , in obvious support of Reagan . int . reagan 's room - continuing John sear be furious , tight - lipped : sear Governor , this be you campaign . you have to do what you need to do . but I can not stay under this condition . reagan why do not you look I in the eye , you son of a bitch ? you can not even do that ! sear ( look at he watch ) I have get another meeting to get to . we will have to finish this conversation later . sear nod to Reagan and welden , and leave . his assistant hurry after he . Reagan turn to welden as soon as they be go . reagan get. me. my. wife . back . welden ( smile ) you say it , sir . int . mike deaver' bedroom - night deaver be on the phone . happy , sleepy . but happy . deaver what about sear ? intercut with nancy on the phone in her bedroom - it nancy we want you to come back . will you ? 100 deaver Hell , you will not be able to keep I away . ext . new hampshire airport - day Nancy disembark from a small plane . as she step onto the tarmac , she run to Reagan . they throw they arm around each other . int . reagan 's car - day Nancy and Reagan in the back seat . she hand he a letter . nancy here . this be John sear 's letter of resignation . Hand it to he , and tell he to sign it . give it to he this afternoon , while people be still voting . that way , if we lose , he will not think that 's why he 's be fire . and if we win , we will not seem ungrateful . they smile at each other . he take she hand . int . hallway - reagan's HOTEL - new hampshire the secret serviceman be stand there , as sear come out of Reagan 's room with he briefcase . he 's piss off . sear I be not surprised . to hell with this . I quit . sear 's assistant follow he , more piss . Nancy appear , follow they all the way down the hall to the elevator . the elevator open . sear and he aide step onto it . the last thing they see be Nancy 's face , smile : nancy I be so sorry thing turn out this way , John . I do hope we will not be enemy . on tv - the debate Jimmy Carter and Reagan . ( archival tape ) carter you have no experience in world affair . you would negate treaty limit nuclear weapon . you would bring we to the brink of war by plunging we into a dangerous 101 ww arm race .. you would increase defense spend while eliminate medicare and social security . can you deny any of that , Mr. Reagan ? int . patti ‘s modest ( LA ) apartment - afternoon patti and bernie be watch the debate on tv . she 's talk to ron on the phone . patti ron . be you watch this farce ? intercut with ron 's tiny NYC apartment - evening the wall be decorate with dance poster . ron 's on he way out , hold he dance bag label joffrey dance co . ron ( into the phone ) can not . get rehearsal . doria 's watch it , though . he turn to doria palmieri , 29 , a very attractive dancer , who be wait at the door , give she . a kiss . patti oooh , look out . i’11 tell Mom you guy be live together . ron ( laugh ) you be too late , she already read about it in the tabloid . so what ? I think she have rather have I live with a woman than be gay . so you still live with they ? patti I have to move out . it be great be with Mom .. for about 3 day . then we get into a scream match about dad . how can you love somebody so much , and hate everything he stand for ? int . mike 's house ( l.a . ) - night Mike , 35 , be glue to the tv : a closeup of reagan , tight - lipped listening to carter . 102 michael I should have call dad before it start . I could have wish he good luck — a woman with a baby appear behind he , he wife colleen . colleen why would you call he , Mike , when he never call you ? michael ( root at the tv ) do not let he get away with that , dad ! let he have it ! intercut reagan with debate tape of carter . regan Mr. Carter seem to want to depict I as some sort of warmonger . I be a father of son , and a grandson . I do not want to see another generation of american boy send to die on some foreign shore . int . debate theatre - audience - continuing Maureen , 41 , be watch intensely from the audience . Nancy : and deaver sit nearby . carter to put this in perspective , I have a discussion with my daughter Amy a few day ago . I ask she what the most important issue be , and she say nuclear weaponry , and the control of nuclear arm ... the audience titter . Nancy lean over to deaver , murmur : nancy Amy be what , 12 year old ? carter the fact be , Mr. Reagan have a long - stand inclination toward the use of military power .. Reagan look at he , shaking he head in pity . reagan well , there you go again . 103 the audience burst into laughter and applause . deaver and Nancy smile at each other . moderator order , order ! maureen ( jump to she foot ) go get he , dad ! Reagan turn to the camera , to the people : reagan just ask yourself this : be you better off than you be 4 year ago ? be we economy better than it be 4 year ago ? be America as strong and respected as it be 4 year ago ? if you answer to this question be yes , then it 's obvious who you should vote for . int . patti 's apartment - she watch as Reagan conclude : reagan : tv but if you do not think the course we have be on for the last 4 year be the one we should follow for the next 4.. then I could suggest another choice that you have . the audience applaud . patti ( in horror ) it 's go to happen . it 's really go to happen ... ext . polling place ( santa monica ) - dau it 's in someone 's garage . in the driveway , a local camera crew be taping , as patti emerge from a curtain booth . local reporter patti ! do you vote for you father ? patti ( thin smile ) I can not . I be a register Democrat . int . san onofre house - bathroom / bedroom ~ day 104 Nancy come out of the bathroom , a towel wrap around she . nancy I can not stand it any longer , I be go to turn on the tv . intercut reagan step into the shower . reagan it 's too early , the poll have not even close . nancy they have , in the East . the phone ring ; she answer . nancy hello . angle - ronnie shower , as Nancy rap on the glass . nancy honey ? President Carter be on the phone ... reagan tell he I be in the shower . Nancy rap on the glass again , harder . reagan I be joke , I be joke . he turn off the water , wrap a towel around himself , go to the phone in the bedroom . reagan ( carefully ) hello , Mr. President . Nancy stare at he , as he listen . reagan you too , Mr. President . thank you . he hang up . Nancy wait . 105 and reagan ( stunne ) he 's concede . he want to congratulate I . they stare at each other , freeze . on tv , JOHN chancellor be reporting it 's reagan in a landslide . slowly , she cross to he , and take he hand . they turn to the tv , in they towel ... dissolve to : establishing - white house - a wintry night int . elevator - east wing - white house - continuing super : '' 1987 '' deaver and senator JOHN tower , riding up in the elevator . deaver I tell the President that he could be impeach . he 's scared . but he 's not too scared to listen . ( pause ) Senator Tower .. I do not know if he 's innocent . but all he want be to free the hostage . that 's all he want . Tower shake he head , look front . tower I have like to believe that . I really would . the elevator door pop open . int . corridor - east wing - white house - deaver and Tower walk down the hall to reagans 's door . the White House Guard knock on the door with a glove hand . white house guard Mr. President .. it 's Mr. deaver and Senator Tower , sir . super : '' to be continued '' end _of act seven end of night one night two : act EIGHT int . white house - reagan sitting room - night ) super : '' 1987 '' Reagan in he chair , wear he pajamas and bathrobe . he look old . Michael deaver sit next to he . facing Reagan be senator JOHN tower , head of the Tower Commission . Tower be lean forward , intensely . JOHN tower Mr. President .. as head of the presidential Commission to investigate iran-contra .. I be here to tell you we finding . one year ago , you personally approve the sale of antitank missile to Iran for the purpose of exchange arm for hostage . you know that Iran be on the United States 's list of terrorist nation , and you know that Congress have enact a embargo against Iran . nevertheless , you defy the United States Congress , and you defy the law . Reagan 's leave hand twitches . Tower see it , but continue : a JOHN tower the money from the arm sale ..38 million dollar .. be channel through a covert network of dummy corporation ..4 million be divert to the nicaraguan contras . of the remain 34 million , a majority wound up in private pocket . in conclusion , Mr. President , the action that you order have not only destroy this country 's foreign policy .. it turn we into the laugh - stock of the Middle East , and the world . Reagan look even more shake . he glance at Nancy , who be in the doorway , terrify . reagan I be sorry , Senator Tower .. but I just .. I can not believe that anyone under I would do the thing you describe ... JOHN tower no , sir . not '' anybody '' . you , sir . you . you ) do it . you approve it . : 107 reagan no , no , that 's not true . I ... do not remember anything about this ... JOHN tower ( grimly determine ) Mr. President , I be a Republican . you be the leader of my party . I believe in you , and I respéct you . I hope you respect I , too , which be why you hire I to carry out this investigation . reagan I do respect you , Senator Tower .. but — JOHN tower ( override ) I come here tonight to suggest .. to urge you , sir .. to hire a criminal attorney . because what we be talk about here be impeachment . impeachment . Nancy interrupt , break : nancy stop. stop . you can not treat he like this . Reagan 's implode - he 's lose and frighten . Tower modify he tone , talk to he gently , as if toa child : JOHN tower I know you do not remember , Mr. President ... but the Commission have ample evidence . we have memo , we have testimony .. whether or not you remember it now , there be a time when you know everything . silence . deaver rub he face , on the verge of tear : deaver Jesus Christ .. Jesus Christ ... Reagan pull together the shred of he dignity . reagan Senator Tower .. I want to thank you for run the investigation the way you have .. for you service to this country . 108 tower please sir , you have get to take responsibility for what you do . you have get to stand up and say it to the american people ..or else you 'il be impeach . deaver lean forward to Reagan . quietly , gently : mike deaver you speechwriter can write it for you , sir .. whatever you want to say .. you can say it in you own way . tower I be sorry , sir . I be so sorry . Reagan turn to Nancy . they hold each other in they gaze , across a gulf of desperation . dissolve to : inaugural parade - super : '' 1981 '' , over army band music ( '' yankee doodle '' ) . Reagan and Nancy walk down Pennsylvania Avenue , smile , wave to the crowd .. everywhere , police .. secret service agent on the rooftop .. Reagan be beam , play the role of President . Nancy be smile , too , but glance at the crowd nervously . int . nancy'' dressing room - east wing / white house - day Nancy be be zipped into she dress , by adolfo 's two assistant , as adolfo himself supervise . she look fabulous . strong , glamorous . adolfo something 's wrong with the hem . Peter , I want you to measure it again . tony the hairdresser and he assistant marty be blow - drying she . tony the hairdresser perfect . perfect . like goddam Marie antoinette , if you ask I . nancy please , tony . can you compare I to 109 somebody else ? tony there be nothing wrong with Marie antoinette , Mrs. Reagan . and she never say that thing , let ‘em eat cake , either . her only problem be , she be not french . he run a finger dramatically across he throat . nancy tony , stop . the social secretary and the personal secretary arrive : personal : secretary can we hurry this along , please ? we have a photography session in 5 minute . social secretary Mrs. Reagan , I have make up you schedule for each of the ten inaugural ball ... nancy be somebody go to wake up ronnie ? personal secretary they be do it now . int . presidential bedroom - east wing - day Reagan , still in he inauguration suit , lie on top of he bed . Dead to the world . deaver and the valet be stand over he in the dark , try gently to wake he up . deaver sir..sir.. sir.. Mr. President . Reagan open he eye , groggy . reagan do I have to get up ? the valet pull he to he foot , start adjust he tie .. reagan I dream I be back in Illinois .. I be talk to my mother .. she be say something important .. but I can not remember what it be ... int . parlor - east wing of the white house - day 110 the Reagan child have gather for the inaugural portrait : maureen ( 40 ) , tight , control ; michael ( 35 ) playful and needy ; he wife , colleen , and they baby boy , cameron ; patti ( 28 ) resentful ; and ron ( 22 ) sweet and irreverent . as they banter , the white house photographer and he assistant be nearby , set up . Maureen be all over the room , collect match - box . she show they to everybody : maureen '' the President 's House '' . I have collect 18 of they , so far . ron Maureen , that 's steal . maureen it 's not steal . it 's dad 's house , now . besides , we pay for they with we tax . Michael turn to colleen , hurt : michael I have be here for 24 hour , and he have not even speak to I . neither have she . patti Michael , you be a glutton for punishment , ron shut up , patti . it 's only they inauguration . they be a little bit busy . maureen please , everybody . do not fight . not today . patti you call this a fight ? this be nothing . wait till you see the seating chart . maureen you be stone , be not you ? my God , you come to dad 's inauguration stone . patti I be not stone . how dare you say that ? michael I need a drink . 111 patti dig it . let 's all get drunk . ron ( sing , low ) '' y’say you want a rev-o-lu-tion . . '' Nancy arrive , follow by adolfo ( the designer ) , adolfo 's 2 assistant , and tony , the hairdresser . nancy ( tense , smile ) Maureen , be not you wear any make - up ? Michael , that tie be horrendous . the only one who look .nice be ron. tony . she nod to patti 's hair , and he descend on she with a blow -dryer . nancy patti , I be tell you - there will be no more blue jeans permit in this White House . woman will not wear pants of any kind . we do not wear clog . we represent we country . patti stop . I like my hair the way it be — int . hallway - approaching the parlor - Reagan and Michael deaver hurry down the hall , along with Reagan 's secretary , helene van damme ( 30 's , pretty ) : reagan as soon as the hostage land , we have to bring they over to the White House . and we will give they a party . a big celebration . with medal . deaver medal , sir ? 112 reagan alright , forget the medal . but they be american heroes . we need heroes . deaver yes , sir . reagan especially after the last 4 year . poor Jimmy Carter . no President deserve to be humiliate like that . it 's a lesson to we all , Mike . a lesson to we all . as deaver follows reagan into the parlor - Michael come over , grin , hug Reagan . michael dad .. dad , I be so proud of you — photographer Mr. President , Mrs. Reagan , could you sit down please .. could I have all the child behind you and Mrs. Reagan ? what 's the grandchild 's name ? who 's go . to hold he ? colleen cameron , come here . the other take they place . as Nancy and Reagan make they way to theirs seat , she murmur to he , happily : nancy ten inaugural ball , ronnie . ten . how can we possibly go to they all ? music : '' hail to the chief '' flash - inaugural family portrait - color everyone be smile , civilized . a image of the perfect american family . dissolve to : music : '' hail to the chief '' as Reagan and Nancy slowly descend the stair to the first inaugural ball ..to the white - glove applause of the crowd .. edith and loyal Davis .. politicos and socialite , each one more magnificently dress than the last .. the entire effect be utterly regal . versaille . 113 reagan : vo good evening . I be speak to you tonight to give you a report on the state of the nation 's economy . I regret to say that we be in the worst economic mess since the great Depression ... dissolve to : another inaugural ball .. this one in a downtown ballroom , but just as regal , just as opulent .. waiter cruise with trays of caviar and champagne .. women dripping with jewel ... reagan : vo but make no mistake about it — we be go to go to work and turn this around . dissolve to : yet another inaugural ball .. as Reagan and Nancy waltz ( strauss ) to the soft applause of the crowd .. they dance so beautifully together .. then , they be join by dozen of other dancing couple ... reagan : vo . we be special among the nation of the earth . we government have no power except that grant by we , the people . it must work with we , not over we ; stand by we side , not ride on we back ... int . oval office - night flanke by american flag , Reagan 's at he desk , look directly at the camera .. at we . reagan we can lecture we child about extravagance , or we can simply cut they allowance . we have let spend get out of control . it 's time for judgement Day . int . reagan 's bedroom - night Nancy and Reagan lie on top of they bed , in they inaugural ball clothes .. hold hand .. fast asleep . exhausted . ext . white house ~ day a wintry day . snow on the White House lawn . int . corridor approaching the oval office - continuing 114 Mike deaver come down the hall , talk to jim baker ( 5us ) , Chief of staff , and Ed meese ( 50' ) , special counsel . the three of they be know as '' the troika '' . deaver ( to Baker ) one more thing , Jim . he 's hard of hearing . - if you want he to hear you , stand right in front of he , and raise you voice . meese and if you want he to get something in particular , dress it up , give it a little sex appeal . metaphor , analogy . compare it to a movie he 's see . he 's a actor . never forget he 's a actor . deaver he 's a actor , but he 's deceptively smart . they stop at helene Van damme 's desk . she look up . helene von damm good morning , Mr. deaver . Mr. Baker . Mr. meese. ( in. a whisper ) they have already start . it be General haig . he insisted . deaver , Baker , and meese look at each other . sigh . int . oval office - continuing deaver , Baker , and meese enter , and stand by the door , wait for they eye to adjust to the darkness . al haig , ' ( 5as ) , Secretary of State , be stand with a pointer beside a grainy , black - and - white documentary , point to the figure of 2 man , as they move in and out of the frame . haig ( in a loud voice ) '' this be brezhnev . and this be libyan leader moammar qadaffi . baker ( to meese , mutter ) Jesus , what be this ? '' sesame Street '' ? 115 nee ? '' ee al haig the Soviets be funding the libyan regime . selling they jet , missile , tank , etc . at the same time , brezhnev have recently approach we about resume talk on a nuclear freeze . Reagan be doodling on a note-pad , as he watch . | reagan a freeze , huh ? haig peer into the dark , see deaver , Baker , meese : haig ( sarcastically ) ah. I see the '' troika '' have finally arrive . be you go to just stand there , or be you go to sit down ? } deaver , Baker , and meese feel they way to the sofa . reagan it 's like armageddon , be not it , Al ? the Bible say Russia will be . defeat by a leader from the West , who will be reveal as the Antichrist . he , too , will fall , and then Jesus Christ will triumph in the creation of a new heaven and a new earth . haig ( joke ) well , sir —if . it 's armageddon you want , give I the word , and I 'il pave over the | ussr , Libya , and Cuba , too . reagan oh yeah ? can you pave they over , put parking stripe on they , and be back in time for the fourth of July ? haig and Reagan laugh . deaver , Baker , and meese look at each other nervously . haig see they nervousness , and try to stop laugh . haig yes , sir . but far as the public be concerned , we have get to tone down the rhetoric . with all due respect . 116 reagan I do not give a damn about rhetoric . I want that reds to know , this place be under new management . the film come to a end . as the projectionist turn off the equipment , and hit the light , haig pull a letter out of he briefcase : : | haig yes , sir . in light of that , I have write a exploratory letter to brezhnev . you just need to sign it . he hand it to Reagan . Reagan hand it back . reagan that 's great , Al . but I write my own letter . haig be throw . haig | Excuse I sir , but I be the Secretary of | State , so it 's my job to - reagan you be a great Secretary of State , Al . but I be go to write to brezhnev personally . I think we need a summit , to talk about all this . but I do not want to freeze nuclear weapon , I want to eliminate they . haig lurch . haig what the hell --? we can not eliminate nuclear weapon ! reagan we can , if we build a new weapon that scare the hell out of they . : haig ( irritate ) and what exactly would that be ? Reagan hold up the draw he 's doodle : a missile mark '' USA " zoom out of space to hit another missile mark with the hammer and sickle of the ussr . 117 ne reagan I call it '' mutual assure survival '' . it 's go to change the course of human history . int . corridor - day haig exit the oval Office , hurry off , look stricken , | follow by deaver , Baker , and meese who look almost as | stricken . baker great . a summit to talk about weapon in outer space . deaver have he talk to you guy about this missile - thing before ? baker never . meese I would better go get haig , and catch he | before he take a heart attack . int . east wing - kitchen Nancy 's at the China closet with a dignify white house butler ( 70 ) . she 's examine a plate , chip and stain . butler this be the plate bess Truman buy .. and Lady bird.. and rosalyn Carter . there 's be a bit of breakage over the year , as you might expect . nancy but they be all different . , do not anybody think of try to match they ? how be I go to serve a State dinner ? we might as well use paper plate . Mike , thank God you be here . she 's just notice Mike deaver stick he head in . deaver can I speak to you a minute ? int . sitting room - day 118 Nancy and deaver stand look at all the rich furnishings as they arrive : ornate table , sofa , artwork , etc . nancy I can not redecorate the entire White House - for 50 thousand . forget it . I be go to need a million , at least . deaver but do you see how it look ? the President be talk about cut - back — nancy ( override ) | I know how it look , but it will not cost the tax - payer a penny . it will all come from betsy and she friend . deaver ( grimly ) and they 'il all take a nice big fat tax write - off , I suppose . nancy what 's wrong with that ? deaver nothing . nothing 's wrong with it . ( pause ) Times hard hard , Nancy . we have cut back a lot of sacred cow .. after school program , school lunch , welfare . and it do not help when one of we own people try to re-classify catsup as a vegetable in school cafeteria . Nancy give he a look . nancy this be the White House , Mike . in the next 4 year , at least 80,000 dignitary , politician , and ambassador be go to come here . ( pause ) anyway , who care what the press say ? they be go to criticize I , no matter what I do . I no longer give a damn . a aide interrupt : 119 aide Mrs. Reagan . I have a phone call from you son . nancy Excuse I , Mike . she start to leave , turn back . nancy and you know what else ? Marie antoinette never say , let they eat cake . int . reagan 's bedroom - east wing / white house ~- night Nancy lie in bed , as Reagan undress . she sneeze . sneeze again . nancy I can not believe he get marry without we . why would he do that to we ? God , it 's dusty in here . reagan well , he probably do not want it to turn it a circus . that 's what it would have be , if we have go . nancy but ronnie , he 's you only son . do not you care ? reagan sure , I do , but we be go to go see he in New York next week . we will get to spend time with he , then . Nancy 's still miff . nancy think of it . we son marrying the daughter of a italian house - painter . he step over the tear rug , and climb into bed . reagan well , I do not know whether we be any better . a couple of ham actor .. worse , movie-actor .. live in the White House . he tickle she . she laugh , push he away . he tickle she again . 120 int . hallway -— continuing the White House Guard be sit , watch tv . he hear the reagan 's laughter . smile . settles back into he show . movie - black and white ( '' murder in the AIR '' ) vintage 1940 : a large shiny ray-gun ; a Admiral speak to someone os : admiral the inertia projector be the most potent weapon ever invent . it can paralyze electrical current , thus destroy all enemy plane in the air . int . bill shelby 's apt . - day Shelby be watch the movie on a vcr , as he dial the phone : admiral it not only make the United States invincible in war , but in do so , promise to become the great force for world peace ever discover . the film cut to Young Reagan , listen intently . Shelby pick up the video cover : murder in the Air , star Ronald Reagan . shelby hey , deaver — I get something for comment . think I know where ronnie get the idea for Star Wars . ever see murder in the air? int . deaver 's office ( intercut shelby ) deaver feel sick . deaver yeah , great flick . be this the old , '' he can not movie from reality '' thing ? no comment . int . theatre ( new york CITY ) - music a performance of the joffrey ballet . ron in a graceful pas - de-deux , as ... 121 in a balcony BOX Reagan and Nancy watch the dance , rivete . ron 's wife , doria , beside they . in the b.g. , one secret service agent turn to another , and make a limp - wrist gesture . on the stage ron do a perfect leap , lift he partner , whirling she ... in the balcony BOX doria check the reagans 's for a reaction - he 's shaking he head , in wonder . Nancy be shine with pride . int . backstage - theatre - night the secret service move Nancy and Reagan thru a crush of dancers , media , well - wisher : toward the man 's dress room . int . men' dressing room - continuing it 's backstage at the moulin rouge . mirror , shadowy light .. male dancers in various state of undress , shower , get dress for a night of party , as the secret service explode into the room to check it over . dancer 1 hey ! what 's this ? get out of here ! dancer 2 do not touch my stuff ! angle - ron , still in tight and full stage make - up , peel he shirt off , suddenly realize : ron oh Christ . sorry , everybody — it 's my parent . suddenly the door open , and the reagans be whoosh into the room . the dancer freeze , in genuine awe . Reagan try to cover he discomfort : reagan it 's okay , boy . it 's only we , and God know , we have see plenty of dress room . do not be embarrassed . but the dancer be embarrassed , especially as the room fill with photographer and reporter , catch Nancy as 122 she run over to ron , and plant a big kiss right on he lip : nancy oh , ron ! you be so wonderful ! ron thanks , Mom . Reagan stare uncomfortably at ron 's make - up ( red , green , yellow , a la nureyev ) and stick out he hand , man-to-man . reagan yes , sir . you be always a natural athlete . football , basketball . ( loudly ) you be all . boy . nancy ( gush ) ron , we have no idea -- do we , ronnie - - we have no idea how great you be ! ron no , I be not great . I start too late . but I love it . mom. I do . reagan Fred astaire , gene Kelly . there be nothing wrong with they , either . strong . stronger than most fullback . do I ever tell you about the time I have dinner with gene ? ron doria ! come in ! ron 's talk to doria , who have appear in the doorway . she smile , shyly . newspaper headline - newspaper photo of Reagan , Nancy , dora , and ron all smile broadly , arm around each other . the headline blare : '' he 's not Gay , say proud papa '' . the newspaper spin , and become another front page : headline : '' Reagan pass largest tax cut in History ! '' the newspaper spin , and become another front page .. a photo of Reagan 's draw of the missile . the headline scream , '' countdown to Star Wars ! '' 123 ext . WASHINGTON D.C. STREET - day the presidential motorcade — 3 limos-moving through traffic . int . second limo - continuing Reagan ride alone , look over a speech . int . third limo ( control car ) - continuing deaver ride with jame brady ( 40 's ) Press Secretary , reagan 's doctor , and a army colonel hold '' the football '' : a briefcase which contain order in case of nuclear attack . deaver we be tight today , Jim , he 's get 2 appointment this afternoon , so let 's keep he move . do not let he stop for any question . ext . WASHINGTON hilton - day Police and secret service have cordon off a crowd of media and onlooker as the motorcade pull up and unload . as Reagan get out , onlooker applaud — except for a group of boisterous teamster demonstrate , chant : teamster we want job ! we want job ! we want job ! cameras click and whirr , reporter shout question , as Reagan cup he ear and keep move , smile at one and all . int . WASHINGTON hilton - lobby a sign by the door say '' annual luncheon : afl -cio h.. and a contingent of union leader be stand nearby to greet Reagan as he arrive . afl -cio leader welcome , Mr. President . reagan always glad to see union man . I be president of the screen actor Guild for 6 term , you know . we fight off the Communist take - over of Hollywood . 124 afl -cio leader we be still fight , sir . Reagan whisper irritably , to deaver as they head in : reagan why do not somebody tell I this be lunch ? I have already eat . deaver I think I do . sorry , sir — reagan ( a angry sigh ) well , it will not be the first time I have push chicken around on a plate , but somebody need to tell I this thing ! deaver fall back to brady : deaver I tell he . brady he 's forget a lot of thing nowadays . ext . exclusive restaurant ( WASHINGTON ) - day a limo pull up beside the door ; a detail of secret service , wait . one of they , agent GEORGE opfer ( 30' ) be on a walkie-talkie , use Nancy 's code - name : GEORGE opfer ( to the other ) Zephyr 's come out . the other spring into action , block pedestrian traffic , open the limo door . Nancy hurry out of the restaurant , nervous , on edge . opfer that be a short lunch , Mrs. Reagan nancy something 's wrong . take I - back to the White House . opfer what 's wrong ? 125 nancy I do not know . but something 's wrong . Quick . she get into the limo , and it speed away . ext . WASHINGTON hilton - day the demonstrator have go . the media be still here though , as secret service agent tim mccarthy ( 30 ) get on he walkie-talkie , use Reagan 's code - name : mccarthy rawhide 's on he way . the agent go into alert mode : the 3 limo start they engine . tv camera start roll . Reporters get ready . agent jerry parr ( 50 ) emerge from the hotel with Reagan , follow by deaver , brady , more secret service . reporter Mr. President ! Mr. President ! Reagan continue to he limo , smile , cupping he hand to he ear , as if not hearing they . deaver ( to brady ) tell they there 's no statement . go ! he shove brady toward the reporter as ... a series of popping sound — 6 of they . brady crumple , and fall . deaver dive to the pavement , as ... Reagan look toward the sound , hand raise in a wave , he smile freeze ... agent mccarthy jump in front of he . mccarthy go down , shot in the stomach . agent Jerry parr grab Reagan , shove he into the limo , diving on top of he . as Reagan hit the floor : reagan ow . a voice be shouting in he ear : 126 parr ( to the driver ) haul ass ! let 's get out of here ! he feel the car lurch forward .. hear the tire squeal ... police siren scream ... ext .. WASHINGTON hilton - sidewalk - continuing deaver jump into the Control car , look back to see ... mccarthy and a WASHINGTON cop writhe on the sidewalk . Jim brady lie motionless , bleed from a severe head wound . nearby , a knot of police and secret service wrestle someone to the ground — a blond young man with a cherubic face ( JOHN hinckley , JR . ) int . reagan 's limo / moving fast - continuing agent parr be lie on top of Reagan on the rear floor . Reagan be cough and choke with pain . reagan get off , you sonofabitch .. I think you break my rib ... parr sorry , Mr. President . let I check to se if you be hit . parr climb off , help he onto the seat , begin to examine he , feel he all over . suddenly he see thin , watery blood dribble from Reagan 's mouth . he stare at it . parr ( to the driver ) go to Washington Hospital . seventeenth Street . driver ( rattle ) where ? we be go to the White House — parr Washington University Hospital , dammit ! go! go! go! ' the driver make a screeching turn . 127 int . nancy'' office - white house - continuing Nancy 's paging anxiously through she calendar . she come to March . certain day have be cross out in red—today , March 30° , have be cross out , too . nancy oh god. no. no. she look up , as a secret service agent appear in the door . secret service agent Mrs. Reagan — nancy something 's happen to ronnie . secret service agent there 's be a shoot . other people be wounded , but the President be not hit — nancy where be he . secret service agent he 's fine , he 's be take to the hospital for observation — close she calendar , grab she purse : nancy which hospital ! take I there . now . secret service agent I be sorry , mar ’am . my order be to keep you here . there could be more than one shooter , out there — nancy take I to my husband ! now ! if you will not take I , I will walk , do you hear ? I x11 walk ! ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON hospital - er entrance - day emergency personnel be wait as President 's limo arrive . int . reagan's limo - continuing Reagan be pale , and have severe difficulty breathe . 128 parr we be here , sir . reagan do not help I . I be go to get out by myself , okay ? Reagan wipe the blood from he mouth , and as the door be open by emergency personnel , climb out . ext . control car - continuing deaver be get out of the control car , and see .. Reagan walk into the er , smile and wave , as if nothing have happen . deaver hurry after he . int . emergency room - continuing instantly , as Reagan 's through the door , he knee buckle , and he eye roll up . the doctor lunge to catch he . end_of act EIGHT 129 a ? act_nine ext . WASHINGTON university hospital - er entrance - day chaos : D.C. police , secret service , media roaring up in mobile van and car . deaver 's wait on the sidewalk . as ... Nancy 's limo pull up , unescort . she jump out to a barrage of shout question : media Mrs. Reagan ! Mrs. Reagan ! be the President alright ? be he wounded ? she almost run to deaver , who quickly take she into ... int . emergency room — even great chaos , here : a frightening cacophony of loud voice , shout ; scurrying doctor ; daze patient ; panicky policeman . deaver raise he voice over the noise : deaver Nancy , he take a bullet -- but he 's okay , he 's go to be fine — nancy they tell I he be not hurt -- deaver they do not know . but he 's okay , he 's go to be fine — nancy I have get to see he , Mike — they do not know how it be , with we . he 's get to know I be here . deaver come on . int . emergency room deaver escort Nancy through the chaos . they see a stricken woman be help through the entrance . deaver Sarah brady 's here . nancy oh my God .. be Jim alright ? 130 deaver shake he head . the trauma room door open — Nancy go through they alone . he stay outside . int . trauma room Nancy enter a scene of horror : bloody bandage , tube scattered on the floor , empty blood bag , the remain of Reagan 's suit toss in a corner , and ... «on a bed , Reagan 's naked body , hook to machine -- 4 ivs pump blood into he -- surround by doctor and nurse . for several moment , they talk , unaware that she 's stand there . one of the doctor be dr . aaron ( 48 ) : doctor aaron how much blood have he take ? nurse 2 almost 2 and a half quart . he 's lose 300 cc 's every 15 minute . nurse 3 blood pressure still fall — 52 over 40 . nurse 3 look up , see Nancy . they all fall silent , and make room for she to approach . Nancy look down at Reagan 's pale face , he daze , frighten eye , he lip cake with dry blood under a clear plastic oxygen mask . she reach for he hand . he try the speak . she lean closer to hear : reagan ( muffle , under the mask ) honey .. I forget to duck . Fighting tear , she lean down and kiss he . Dr. Aaron gently lead she away . dr . aaron the bullet be very close to he heart . we need you permission to operate immediately . she can only stare at he . int . corridor - minute later Reagan be be wheeled to the or . Nancy beside he , clutching he hand . a phalanx of doctor , nurse , and 131 secret service pull on surgical gowns move with they . as they move down the hall , Nancy see ... another man on a blood -soak gurney . his head seem to have explode . it 's Jim brady . Nancy fight for control , continue with Reagan until the i door of the or open . she bend down and kiss Reagan on | the forehead , look into he daze eye . nancy I love you more than anything in the whole wide world . he 's wheeled inside . the secret service follow they in . Nancy stare at the door , as they close after he . int . operating room the secret service , CIA and FBI be jockey for position , as the doctor prepare to operate . FBI agent FBI . secret service fat lot of good you guy do . CIA agent hey , come on . I be CIA , move over . dr . aaron come on , you guy . back off , we have get to work here . Aaron lean in to Reagan . dr . aaron we be go to put you to sleep now . Reagan look up at the green figure lean over he . reagan ( faintly ) please tell I you be Republicans . the doctor chuckle . dr . aaron today we be all Republicans , Mr. President . 132 tv - color footage of the shoot : Reagan smile and wave ; then be push into the limo ; body on the sidewalk ; the melee as hinckley be mobbed . nancy stare at the tv hypnotize , unable to look away . deaver be beside she , watch brady on the pavement . he change the channel . tv - color a White House press conference , live : deputy Press Secretary larry speake take question from reporter : reporter 1 ( os ) have the armed force be put on alert ? speake not that I be aware of . reporter 2 ( os ) what about vice President Bush ? have he assume the presidency ? speake the vice President be fly to Washington as we speak . there be no plan at this time — suddenly a man shove in beside he — Al haig , flushed , panicky . haig : on tv gentlemen , I have to clarify that . no military alert have be order . I repeat —we be not on alert . reporter 3 but who 's run the government ? haig : tv constitutionally , gentleman , you have the presidency , the vice President , and the Secretary of State , in that order — deaver for God 's sake ! he 's get it wrong , wrong ! it 's the speaker of the House ! 133 haig : tv as of now , I be in control here — pend the return of the vice President — deaver Jesus , haig 's go nut ! I have get to find a phone ! he hurry out the door . Nancy keep stare at haig 's craze face . underwater - Reagan swim underwater , wear he lifeguard uniform . swim frantically , look this way and that . search . search . suddenly , something grab he leg . a hand . he explode with fright , scream . start claw he way toward the surface . but the surface be too far up . he can not get there . his lung be about to explode . overhead - Reagan jerk away in he recovery room bed , gasp , try to rise up , pull at the respirator tube in he throat . Nancy 's beside he , panic : nancy oh my God , he can not breathe ! nurse , he can not breathe ! help he ! two recovery nurse be here , too . recovery nurse it 's okay , the machine be breathe for he . ( to Reagan ) let it breathe for you . you be okay , Mr. President . trust I . he look around , realize he 's in the recovery room , surround by machine . a ekg monitor , a respirator , line and tube connect to he body . Beyond the equipment , agent parr , as well as the CIA and FBI agent . he try to settle down . Nancy stay close to he , stroking he hand , anxiously : nancy they take out the bullet .. the doctor say you be strong .. strong as a man half you age , that 's what he say . but I be not 134 surprised , we know it all along , do not we , my darling ... agent parr approach : agent parr Mrs. Reagan . we need to think about get you back to the White House . nancy no . I be go to stay here . I can sleep in one of this bed . Dr. Aaron step in . dr . aaron Mrs. Reagan , if you stay all night , it will look like he 's worse than he be . you need to go home . nancy no . I be stay with my husband . dr . aaron I be sorry , but I be not go to allow that . you will leave this hospital now . Nancy look at he , ready to explode . agent parr he 's right . you can come back in the morning . please , Mrs. Reagan . tv - color a yearbook photo of John hinckley , Jr. so innocent . int . sitting room - east wing - white house - day patti , Maureen , Michael , ron and doria have breakfast , as they watch tv . in the b.g. , Michael 's wife , colleen , be feed they 2 small child . ron be surfing via the remote : patti stop change the channel , ron . ron ( imitation of Al haig : ) a as of now , I be in control here . 135 patti ( laugh ) give I that thing . patti wrestle the remote away from he . Michael turn to Maureen , mutter : michael jody Foster ? he shot dad in order to impress jody Foster ? ron wait till dad hear he be shot by a derange movie fan . he will love it . maureen that 's not funny , ron . patti I think it 's funny . | | doria | maybe now he 'il change he mind about gun control . maureen gun control ? you think gun control would | have stop this guy ? | michael oh great . blame the victim . ron back off , you guy . doria 's right . michael : you guy ought to read the newspaper once in a while . maybe then you have wake up , and ditch this hippie crap . as she family continue to argue , patti bury she head in she hand . patti what kind of family be this ? even a bullet can not bring we together . int . nancy 's dressing room - same time tony the hairdresser be do Nancy 's hair . she 's on the phone : 136 nancy ( into the phone ) it 's my fault he be shot , Carol . you tell I it be go to be a bad day , and I write it down in my calendar , but I forget to tell Mike deaver , and so they schedule he to go out .. it 's all because of I . Nancy listen , reach for she purse , pull out she calendar , as she speak : nancy oh thank you , thank you , Carol .. if I do not have you , I do not know what .. yes , tell I . I will write they down . she search for a pen—has to empty the entire content of she purse on the counter : comb , tiny make - up pouch , etc. , and finally , that essential part of any woman 's wardrobe ... a SMALL silver pistol . tony stare at the pistol , as Nancy start crossing out day on she calendar , in red ink : nancy ( into the phone ) the 3rd .. the 5 and 6th.. 11 " .. 18 " .. 22 " ... 28 " .. thank you , Carol . thank you so much . yes , I x11 call you tomorrow . same time . Nancy hang up , and see tony stare at the pistol . nancy ronnie make I take it . honestly , I do not even know how to shoot it — she pick the pistol up , point it at tony . he back off . tony hey . watch it . nancy it 's alright , the little thing , thé thing that keep you from shoot it be on . I think . be that on , or off ? tony put it down . put it down . 137 nancy okay , I x11 put it down . here , I x11 put it back in my bag . do that make you feel better ? you be so sweet , tony . I wish all my child be as sweet as you . int . hospital - intensive care Reagan still hook to machine , unable to speak . he 's shadow of he former self . he scrawl slowly on a note-pad , as Nancy , patti , ron , Maureen , and Michael sit nearby . maureen you look good , dad . do not you think he look good , Michael ? I mean , consider ? michael ( try ) yeah . you look really good , dad . ron how be the nurse ? be they pretty ? Reagan hand Nancy he note-pad . she read : nancy '' all in all , I would rather be in Philadelphia . '' they all laugh , feebly . Reagan try to laugh , fumble with he respirator . patti he 's scared , Mom ... nancy it 's fine , ronnie . the respirator 's work just fine . ron it 's like when you teach I how to scuba - dive , dad . when you put that mask on I , I think I be go to suffocate . you have just get to let the machine do its job . int . corridor - outside intensive care the ever- present secret service guard the door , include opfer and parr . nearby , gitting in chair , troika — deaver , Baker , and meese be wait , briefcase in they lap . 138 deaver I be tell you , if he life through this , we have get to keep Al haig away from he for the rest of he term . he 's out of he mind , talk about pave over Moscow and Libya . - baker he only talk like that , for effect . deaver well , it have a effect on I . it scared the crap out of I . because he bring out the dark side in the old man . he do . they be interrupt by patti and ron come out , whisper to each other . as soon as patti and ron see they , they fall silent . deaver , Baker , and meese stand up , and smile . deaver hi , kid . we have get some paperwork for you dad to sign . ron now ? in intensive Care ? baker the country need to know that he 's still in charge . meese besides , it 's good for he . he need to know that he 's still in charge , too , do not you think ? follow patti and ron down the hall , look back over they shoulder , as the troika go into Reagan 's room : ron that guy scare I . int . reagan 's hospital room - day Nancy be put some last minute . rouge on Reagan 's cheek , as the photographer get set up , and deaver , Baker , and meese position the papers for Reagan to sign . 139 nancy ronnie , I be just go to give you a little color ... baker ( to the photographer ) see ? the President 's fine . Fine . Nancy put the pen in Reagan 's hand , and hold it , slowly write he name . Reagan smile for the camera . flash . ext . WASHINGTON university hospital - 10 day later a mob of media outside . the presidential limo . int . hospital - corridor - continuing the usual phalanx of secret service clear a path through Hospital personnel , who break into cheer , as ... Reagan appear , walk with difficulty , lean on Nancy and agent parr 's arm . Reagan 's wear a bright red cardigan . they be all smile . as he approach the exit door , Dr. Aaron and the medical team be wait to say goodbye . dr . aaron take it easy , now . try not to overwork . you sure you do not want a wheelchair ? nancy he refuse . he absolutely refuse . reagan every kgb agent in the kremlin be go to be watch , to see if America have a invalid for a President . well , they be in for a disappointment . laughter . ext . hospital entrance - as Reagan emerge , smile cheerfully , like a man in perfect health , the reporter start shouting question : reporter how be you , Mr. President ? how be you feel ? ( etc . ) 140 reagan ready to go back to work , and give you fellow something to write about ! as he and Nancy head for they limousine , the media start to applaud . among they be Bill Shelby , look critically at he colleague , as they continue to cheer . end of act nine 141 act ten two US airforce jets shoot down two libyan jet . they burst into flame , and crash into a calm blue sea ( the Gulf of sidra ) . fade up : the ticking of a clock . int . reagan 's bedroom - night the clock on the bedside table be tick : 4:24 a.m. Reagan and Nancy be fast asleep , when the phone ring sharply , and loudly . Reagan sleep through it . Nancy open she eye , reach over he sleep body to pick it up : nancy yes . intercut between reagan 's beroom and ed meese , in he white house office . ed meese Nancy , it 's ed. I be sorry to wake you up . we have a little bit of a crisis . i j i Nancy cover the mouthpiece with she hand , nudge Reagan . nancy ronnie . it 's Ed meese . something 's happen . ronnie , wake up . ! she put the phone in he hand . he open he eye , bleery : reagan hmm ? ed meese sorry , sir , I would have wake you up earlier , but I know you be tired , and well .. wwe , um , we be just attack by two libyan jet . we fire back , though — shot they down . pause . reagan be that it ? 142 ed meese it happen about 5 hour ago . as I say , I would have wake you up , but .. everything 's be handle . reagan okay . well .. thanks for handle it . he hang up , and go back to sleep . Nancy 's wide -awake . nancy ronnie , what be it ? reagan nothing . Ed 's take care of it . he go back to sleep . Nancy stare at he , alarmed . after a moment , he begin to snore . documentary footage : johnny carson on '' the late show '' . johnny carson there be only two reason you wake up Ronald Reagan . one be World War III . the other be if '' hellcat of the navy '' be on the late show . audience laughter . int . deaver 's office - day Nancy slam the Washington Post down on deaver 's desk , furious . nancy and it 's not just johnny carson . look at what Art buchwald write . and Jack Anderson . everyone in the entire country be laugh at Ronald Reagan ! deaver wince . from the corner , Jim Baker admit : baker it do not make Ed meese look too good , either . nancy it 's not just Ed meese , it 's you . one of you should have wake he up when it happen . not 5 hour later . 143 baker ( to deaver ) maybe we should take Ed off foreign policy . it 's not he strength . nancy yes , take he off foreign policy . and from now on , whenever anybody ask if the President have be inform of something , no matter what it be , tell they , '' the President be aware of it . '' '' the President be aware of everything . '' get it ? deaver and Baker look at each other , and nod . Nancy start out . pause . turn back to the man . nancy it 's not easy for he . he have so much to do ..to think about . it would be too much for any man ... she 's about to say something more , but decide not to . she turn , and walk out . int . east wing / solarium ~ day Reagan on a chaise , legal tablet on he lap , pencil in hand , stare out the window at the rain . Nancy look in . nancy I think you be take a nap . he come to . speak slowly , thoughtfully : reagan I be think about that boy . nancy what boy ? reagan the boy who shot I . he be a nice boy . just a little mix -up . nancy ronnie , he try to kill you . 144 reagan he try to kill I , but God let I live . God spare I , for a reason . and I think I know the reason . } Nancy come in , and sit down beside he . lay she head gently on he shoulder . he continue : reagan God spare I , because he want I to lead we country out of the cold war with Russia . nancy ( gently ) ronnie .. you do not need to get shot , in order to end the cold war . reagan I know .. but I have be praying about it .. and God tell I — - he want I to end the cold war . pause . a shadow of worry cross Nancy 's face . nancy 5 | and that 's why he save you life ? } reagan ( nod ) and that 's why I have get to forgive that | boy . because he be part of God 's plan . Nancy nod . nancy okay . but even if you forgive he .. I will not . i’ all never forgive he . ever . he take she hand , kiss it tenderly . reagan ' and that 's you burden , be not it , mommy ? you can not forgive people for be .. people . : nancy not when it come to you . | reagan . : I thank God I have you . you see people so ) much more clearly than I do . if I do not 145 have you , I could end up in a lot of trouble , you know that ? she laugh . he pull she close , and kiss she cheek , she nose , she lip , as : reagan when I wake up in the hospital , and see you face .. I say to God , please God do not ever make I face a day without she . nancy I love you , ronnie . reagan I love you , too , mommy . more than anything in the whole wide world . surveillance film - latin american guerrillas it 's silent , crude . Latin american guerrilla in a jungle , unload crate of ammo and weapon . close on crate be opened , gun be removed Reagan in a darken room , watch the movie , as william casey , ( 60' ) head of the CIA , mumble next to he : william casey this be Nicaragua . this be the contras , they be fight to overthrow the nicaraguan dictator . the dictator be support by the reds . all we have send the contras so far be a bunch of gun . Reagan nod , grimly . casey except for last week , when somebody in California send the contras a helicopter . one lousy helicopter . ( pause ) it 's the same in Afghanistan . and Cuba . the dictator be support by Moscow . Moscow send they everything they need . deaver , Baker , and meese be sit nearby . — - 146 meese Jesus , I can not understand a word Bill casey be say . baker all that CIA guy mumble . I think they learn it from Bill . Al haig interrupt from a few seat away , irritably : haig why be everybody whisper ? reagan . Bill casey 's say they need more helicopter in Nicaragua . deaver Christ , it will be Vietnam all over again . baker what 's wrong with that ? maybe this time we will win . the movie end . the projectionist turn off the film , and raise the shade . outside , it 's raining . reagan thanks , Bill . you get that contras whatever they need . haig wait a minute , sir . he can not do that . he can not just —he need a executive order — reagan I just give he a executive order . haig but I have not even make up a foreign policy statement — reagan you make up a statement , then . write it up , so we can give the contras anything they need . haig be about to have a apoplectic fit . Reagan do not notice , turn to Bill casey , who be pack he briefcase , and head out . 147 ‘aaa ? reagan oh , and Bill —tell the State Department , good work on the movie . though it be a little long . casey ( mumble ) yes , sir . I will , sir . casey go . the troika be about to follow he , when Reagan take a letter from he desk , and hand it to Al haig . reagan Al , one more thing . I want you to take a look at this letter I write , over the weekend . I be go to send it to brezhnev . haig emit a thinly - veile snort of disdain . haig so you do write a letter ? haig start read it . Reagan explain to the troika : reagan I tell he we should get the ball roll on arm talk , but I be still go ahead with the missile defense system . haig throw the paper down on Reagan 's desk . haig no , sir . no . no , we be not have any summit — reagan I be not say right away , Al . I be lay the groundwork — haig Sir . I be the Secretary of State , this be my job ! and~and - this will never work . reagan why not ? haig be about to explode . 148 haig because - — because for one , you letter sound like it be write by a rank amateur . deaver , Baker , and meese glance at each other . haig see it : haig there you go again , you 3 , look at each other . you be always look at each other . baker Al , come on - haig you have be undermine I , ever since I start this job ! you will not even let I be alone with the President ! meese that 's not true — haig turn on Reagan , in a fury . haig frankly , Mr. President , I can not put up with this any longer . either I be the Secretary of State or you be . and well , if this pattern continue .. I will be force to submit my resignation . silence . the troika cock they head at Reagan : here 's you chance . Reagan freeze . ext . corridor - continuing Nancy come down the hall , carry she calendar . she stop at helene 's desk , outside Reagan 's office : nancy helene , what do you know about the gridiron Club ? helene oh , that 's the Washington press club . every year they have a roast for the President and the first Lady . it 's a little rough , but they do not mean anything by it . 149 ‘ute ? nancy oh , that explain everything . helene why ? nancy well , some of the staff suggest I should do a little something of my own . helene oh yeah ? really ? int . oval office - continuing Reagan look intensely uncomfortable , reach for he jar of jellybean . reagan gee , Al .. I do not want you to resign . haig I do not want to resign either , but ... reagan have a jelly bean . haig yes , sir . reagan the purple one be good . and the black one . as haig put the jelly bean in he mouth , he seem to relax , slightly . haig listen , sir . why do not we send you letter , along with another letter that I will draft for you signature . reagan that sound good . what do you boy think ? this to deaver , Baker , and meese , who try not to look at each other , this time . baker what 's you letter go to say , Al ? 150 haig I do not know . i’1l have to think about it . ext . oval office - continuing Nancy look up , as Al haig come out of the oval Office eat jelly bean , and mutter angrily . nancy hello , Al . he do not hear Nancy . he storm off , mumble to himself . Nancy open the door , and enter Reagan 's office . int . oval office - continuing as Nancy enter , Reagan 's raging to deaver , Baker , and meese . reagan '' rank amateur '' ! who do that sonofabitch think he be ? I be the goddam President of the United States , I be he boss ! deaver why do not you say that to he ? meese he keep put he head on the block , sir . you have get to chop it off . baker George shultz would make a great Secretary of State . sir. Sir ? Reagan be head for another door . reagan if it 's alright with you , this administration have to pee . he slam into the bathroom . Baker , meese , and deaver notice Nancy stand there . baker have he ever fire anybody face - to-face ? nancy nope . 151 i! deaver only I . int . reagan ' bedroom - night Nancy sit in front of she mirror , in she nightgown , brush she hair . Reagan be in bed , exhaust . | nancy ronnie , Al haig have get to go . reagan | Al 's not such a bad guy . he get a little | work - up , that 's all . nancy no , ronnie . no . you know what he do , while you be in the hospital ? reagan I hear , he think he be go to take control , but that 's not so bad — nancy that 's not so bad ? ronnie , he want to control everything you do . and you be the President of the United States . reagan I know , but — nancy he do not like you process . he do not agree with you agenda . he want total control over foreign policy . ronnie , he 's not a peacemaker . he 's not . he groan , pick up the remote and switch on the tv . it 's johnny carson . Nancy sit on the bed , block he view of the tv . nancy if you do not get rid of he , it 's go to look like you be afraid of he . reagan I be not afraid of he — nancy : but that 's how it look . to you staff . to everybody in the cabinet . you can not afford 152 to be afraid of anyone . they have get to know , you be run the show . reagan Jesus Christ , Nancy — nancy Jim Baker think you should get George shultz . he tell I so . George shultz be a peace- maker . get rid of Al , ronnie , or you be never go to end the cold war . he suddenly explode : reagan alright , okay , I get the message . I hear you . now get off my goddam back , okay ? pause . she get up from the bed , and head into the bathroom to brush she tooth . Reagan stare sullenly at johnny carson , as he deliver a big , easy golf swing . ext . white house - morning a hot day . outside the fence , three homeless guy lie on a blanket . they sign read : '' homeless because of Ronald Reagan '' ; '' homeless vet '' ; and '' will work for food '' . int . reagan 's bedroom - continuing Reagan get dress . Nancy hand he a letter . he glance at it , tuck it into he jacket . they exchange a kiss . int . corridor - west wing - continuing Al haig step out of the elevator and head down the corridor toward the oval Office .. pass deaver , meese , and Baker .. who stop talk , and stare after he until he disappear into Reagan 's office . int . oval office - contining Reagan stand , as Al haig enter . reagan hello , Al . 153 ‘eit ! haig ( stiffly ) Mr. President , I be here to deliver 2 letter . the first one concern the repeat interference that I have endure in my conduct of foreign affair . the second be a memo concern my difference with certain cabinet member , who have make it they business to make my job as Secretary of State impossible . Reagan pass he hand over he brow -he 's sweat . reagan ( uncomfortably ) I see . well , Al .. as it happen , I have a letter for you , too . haig ( surprised ) you do ? Reagan hand he Nancy 's letter , and turn away , shuffle through he desk , as if look for something . haig read the letter . it 's short . haig ( stunne ) what ...? reagan I just want you to know , Al .. this country will always be grateful to you for you service . haig but .. but I have not resign , yet . reagan ( nodd to the letter ) yes , you have . haig no , I have not . reagan if you want , you can go back to you office , and write you own letter . 154 haig wait a minute . can not we talk about it ? reagan um . I have a couple phone call to make ... haig be suddenly on the verge of tear , whisper : haig ~ but I do not want to do it , I want to stay . reagan sure , Al .. but um . would you mind if I ask you to keep work until the Senate can confirm you successor ? a sequence of image -— Hospital after hospital be board up . Signs say '' close '' . a line of homeless people in front of a soup kitchen . a family live in they car . a former mental patient sit in the rain , on the sidewalk , laugh , smile , talk to the air , catch the rain in she hand , and drink it . int . kitchen - east wing - white house - day rain fall against the window , as mover be crate in large wooden crate . Nancy 's unpack one of they , help by the butler and betsy bloomingdale . tearing through the pack , she pull out a elegant gold - color plate , border with Imperial Blue . betsy oh my god.. it 's beautiful . nancy they have better be . the set cost more than $ 200,000 . butler what shall I do with the old dish , Mrs. Reagan ? betsy straight to goodwill , darling . 155 nancy ( laugh ) do not listen to she . see if we can donate they to the smithsonian . Nancy continue pull out cup , saucer , etc . a woman enter — anne rogers ( 34 ) , attractive , ambitious . anne good morning , Mrs. Reagan . May I ask what we be do ? betsy throw Nancy a curious glance . nancy Anne , this be betsy bloomingdale , a old friend of mine . betsy , this be Anne Rogers — my new pr person . ( wryly ) her job be to make people like I . Anne Rogers do not think this be so funny , turn to betsy : anne Mrs. bloomingdale , be I to understand that you and you husband donate this new china ? betsy yes , you be , darling . it 's we gift to the nation . anonymous . anne you will be want a tax write - off . betsy well ... Anne turn to Nancy . anne I will need to know the cost of each item — at you convenience , of course . i’1ll be back . she go . betsy turn to Nancy : betsy where have you get miss bitch ? ext . gridiron club ( WASHINGTON ) - night 156 secret service have cordon off the glittering guest as the presidential limousine arrive . Neil '' Reagan and Nancy emerge —he 's in black tie , she 's stun and smile . they head for the club entrance .. pass a SMALL group of homeless activist who be wave sign : coordinator what do we want ? homeless activist Homes ! coordinator when do we want ‘em ? homeless activist now ! one of the demonstrator try to rush up to Nancy , but be stop by a policeman . homeless activist let ‘em eat cake , Queen Nancy ! let ‘em eat cake ! a legless man on a cart scoot he way to the front of the crowd , try to push past the secret service : legless man hey , Nancy ! the cost of you dress would feed I for a month ! Nancy try to ignore they . Reagan smile and wave at they , continue . int . presidential day - gridiron club - night Reagan and Nancy be sit on the dais , flanke by edith and loyal Davis , vice president BUSH and barbara BUSH , ambassador .. deaver , Baker , meese , GEORGE shultz , the new secretary of state , and don regan , secretary of the treasury ( we will meet they later ) . the emcee stand behind a podium , address the audience of journalist , politician , and glitterati . gridiron emcee the gridiron dinner have be a annual event in Washington for more than a ) hundred year . tonight , the Washington press corps prepare to roast the most 157 powerful person in town .. and I be especially happy , because she bring she husband with she ... audience laughter . Nancy smile uncomfortably . Reagan be laugh . gridiron emcee keep in mind , if you would , we motto be '' we may singe , but we never burn . '' more audience laughter . Reagan put he hand on Nancy 's knee , smile : reagan well , mommy , I do believe this be go to be the most elegant lynching we have be to in a while . dissolve to : male reporter dressed up as nancy in a designer gown . he 's push a rack of dress onto the stage , sing ( badly ) to the tune of '' second Hand Rose '' : male reporter / '' nancy '' ( sing ) secondhand clothes I give my secondhand clothes to museum collection and travel show . they be oh-so-happy that they get ‘em . wo not notice they be rag at the bottom . Goodbye , you old , wear - out mess , I never wear a frock more than once . Nancy stand up , abruptly , and leave the dais . Reagan see she go , glance at the audience . edith lean over to Reagan , whisper : edith where the hell 's she go ? reagan do not know . the lady 's room , probably . Nancy pass behind deaver , who mutter , smile : deaver go get ‘em , tiger . int . backstage - gridiron club 158 as Nancy arrive backstage , tony and he assistant grab she , and whisk she away . back to male reporter onstage do a strip -tease , as the audience roar with laughter . male reporter / " nancy " : oc calvin klein , adolfo , Ralph lauren , and Bill blass . Ronald Reagan 's mama 's go strictly first class . rodeo drive , I sure miss rodeo drive in frumpy Washington . secondhand ring . donate that old , use - up thing . designer deduct ‘em . we be live like king . so what if ronnie 's cut back on welfare ? , I ’‘1l1 still wear a tiara in my coiff hain ... the reporter be down to a tag corset and tear stocking , as ... a figure come onstage in a bizarre costume : Donald duck boot , a white feather boa , string of pop - it bead , a floppy plume hat , and a red and yellow Hawaiian skirt hold together with safety pin . for a moment , the entire audience hesitates , confuse . then they realize it 's Nancy , and issue a collective gasp . people jump to they foot and start to applaud , as Nancy swing into she lyric : nancy ( sing ) secondhand clothes I be wear secondhand clothes . they be all the thing in spring fashion show . image - a pair of homeless women outside , sit on the dark sidewalk , wear a pair of tin foil antennas . her friend be go through a shopping cart of goodwill clothes , try they on . 159 nancy : oc ( sing ) even my new trench coat with fur collar , ronnie buy for ten cent on the dollar . the china be the only thing that 's new . back to nancy , strutting she stuff back and forth on the stage , have a laugh - riot : nancy ( sing ) even though they tell I that I be no longer queen , do ronnie have to buy I that new sewing machine ? secondhand clothes , secondhand clothes , I sure hope Ed meese sew . the laughter be tear the roof off the place , as Nancy grab a plate that have be paint to look like she White House china , throw it on the floor , and shatter it . as she kick up she yellow rubber boot and take a bow .. a journalist in the audience call to she from the wing : journalist in audience Washington love you , Nancy ! Nancy smile , perfectly aware that it 's only a '' Washington compliment '' , then look to the dais , where Reagan be cheer with the other , watch she proudly . she wink at he . end of act ten 160 act eleven int . nightclub ( tv-movie set ) - night drum with a really loud , trashy 4 - piece band bang out a hot tango as incredibly good - look gregory harrison ( 20' ) , whirl and strut on stage , in nothing but a stockbroker 's shirt , tie , and a shiny gold g-string . the women in the audience be scream with delight , as Harrison whip off he tie , and fling it into one woman 's lap .. follow by he cuff -link , which land in another woman 's lap , and he shirt , which land in the lap of .. shy , demure patti , who 's sit at a stage - side table with she girlfriend . as Harrison step off the stage , head towards patti , she girlfriend fall into hysterics . patti freeze like a deer in the headlight of ... harrison 's bulging g-string as it come closer and closer ... Harrison arrive at patti , and yank she to she foot , and start dance with she . patti freeze with mortification , as he vibrate against she . then she melt , and start dance with he . the crowd scream louder . patti and Harrison be move as one — it 's so tacky , it 's almost pornographic . int . ron and doria 's west village apt . - night ron and doria transfix , watch patti and Harrison on they tiny tv .. int . maureen 's TEXAS apt . - twilight Maureen watch patti 's movie as she eat dinner with she new husband dennis . she nearly choke on she taco . int . michael 's live room - twilight Michael , colleen , and they two young kid watch patti 's movie , in they suburban live room . as Harrison start to bend patti backwards and stick he tongue down she throat .. Michael grab the remote , and change the channel . reagan 's color tv - Harrison frenching patti as the crowd scream . 161 nancy oh. my. God ... Reagan and Nancy be sit in chair , in front of they tv dinner , stare at the tv-- they fork freeze , halfway to they mouth . as Reagan slowly put he fork down : | reagan i | well , you have get to admit .. she 's talented ... | nancy talented ? you call this talent ? this be pornography ! and you be the President of the United States ! how can she do this to you ? reagan ( laugh ) oh now . she 's just do it for attention . and who know ? maybe it 'il help get she a start in show-business ... Nancy scream with FURY . Reagan laugh even harder . int . patti 's apartment - night | patti lie in bed with she boyfriend , paul grilley . he 's a yoga instructor . spacey , but sweet . they be watch patti 's move on tv . paul grilley so what be you parent go to say , when they see this ? patti I do not care . I only see they on tv and in magazine . as far as I know , they do not even exist , anymore . paul grilley ( laugh ) well , one of this day I 'il have to meet they . if only to ask they permission . patti oh , Paul .. we do not need they permission to get marry . 162 paul grilley sure we do . I want they to like I . after all , they be go to be the grandparent of we child . he 's nuzzling she neck and ear . she turn skittish . patti Children ? paul grilley I be real sentimental , that way . I want a little house with a picket fence , and at least 5 scream brat . patti laugh a little . her face fill with guilt . int . nancy'' bedroom - white house - day patti and Nancy , in Nancy 's bedroom . nancy so you want to marry this mar n.. who grow up in a trailer park .. and have child by he . patti God , Mom . I love he . nancy but he 's a yoga instructor . what be you two go to live on ? patti I work , you know . I have my career . nancy you mean , the movie ? patti yes . Nancy try to sweeten she voice . nancy have you tell he you can not have child ? patti - no . I just .. I do not want to put he through that . I want to ... she come over to Nancy , and kneel beside she : 163 patti please , Mom . please try to understand this - I want to be perfect for he . I want to give he the kid that he want and ... and I want to be the woman he want .. be not that pathetic ? Nancy stroke patti 's brow resignedly , with a trace of bitterness : nancy no , my darling . it 's not pathetic . we all want to be perfect for we husband . patti l.. I talk to a doctor , he say I could probably get my operation reverse .. it 's major surgery .. it 's very expensive . but I could have child again . ( reluctantly ) only I have have to come clean with Paul .. nancy no , I do not think so . tell he something else be wrong . there be other reason woman have surgery . patti stare at she mother , incredulously . patti you mean , you want I to go through a major operation , and not tell he why ? nancy if you want you father to pay for it . patti . Mom , would you do that ? would you keep such a big secret from the man you be go to marry ? Nancy change the subject . nancy patti , you hate everything you father stand for - but now , when you need he money , you come back and ask he to rescue you . 164 patti I never ask to be rescue . I only ask to be , love — nancy and we do love you . ( pause ) if you want we to pay for you operation , it will be we doctor .. ocur way . you will tell no one . not the press . not you friend . not even Paul . that be we term . patti stare at she . patti why do I do this ? why do I come back to you , over and over , when it always turn out the same way ? nancy should I assume you be go to wear white to the wedding ? int . oval office - day the light be dark , and the shade be pull . Reagan , Baker , deaver , meese , and George shultz be watch a State dept. documentary on Iran . the room be thick with tension . movie - it 's a grainy , hand -held picture .. Khomeini stand on a balcony over a crowd of chanting iranian . a american flag burn . a dummy of Reagan be hang , from a street - lamp .. Bill casey stand in the picture , narrate , as iranian rioter flicker across he face : bill casey this be Beirut .. there 's Khomeini ... baker ( from the dark ) when be that guy go to die ? he must be 90 year old . George shultz lean over , whisper to deaver : 165 GEORGE shultz since when do we start show movie in the oval Office ? deaver not bad , huh ? State Department make ‘em. ( nod to Reagan ) he do not like to read , and he get bored listen . anyway , State love make they , and he love watch they . the documentary end with a projection : the face of a white american male ( william buckley , 50 ) , pale . scare . he hold the front page of a lebanese newspaper against he chest . bill casey this be William Buckley , we CIA station chief in Beirut . baker louder . bill casey ( mumble louder ) this be William Buckley , we CIA station chief in Beirut . he be kidnap 3 day ago by lebanese terrorist who be be support by Iran . we do not think they want to kill he . but we be extremely concerned that he will be force to reveal the name of other CIA agent in the area . Reagan stare at Buckley 's photograph , stricken . nearby , George shultz , Jim Baker , and Mike deaver . bill casey we have be flood with call from Iranians and iranian exile . offer to provide we with intelligence .. very fancy intelligence .. internal political information .. in return for weapon . Reagan have stop listen . reagan what about Buckley 's family ? have we talk to they ? deaver they know he 's be kidnap , sir . 166 reagan I will have to call they . they must be out of they mind with worry . Jim Baker lean over to deaver : Reagan continue to stare at Bill Buckley 's photograph , baker do not let he call the family . if he talk to they , this whole thing will become about liberate a hostage . the voice around he rise to a level of near- panic : underwater baker maybe we could set up some kind of prisoner exchange — we give they one of they terrorist , in return for Buckley — shultz no . no prisoner exchange . this administration do not negotiate with terrorist . baker but the Iranians want stuff from we . they want weapon , anything , for they war on Iraq — shultz no. Iran be a terrorist nation . we do not negotiate with terrorist nation . casey but if Buckley give they the name of other CIA agent , we be all screw — shultz you negotiate over Buckley , you know what will happen ? we will get more kidnapping . more Americans , more CIA agent . reagan but what about Buckley ? what be we go to do - screw he ? we be just go to leave he there ? and what the hell be we go to say to he family ? 167 as Seas a explosion of bubbles , as Reagan dive into the water , in he lifeguard suit . he swim down ... down ... search .. he heart thumping ... suddenly Bill Buckley 's face loom up in front of he , like a white ghost . eye wide open . drown . Reagan grab Buckley under the arm , and start swim toward the surface .. but Buckley 's body be heavy , awkward ... int . reagan 's bedroom - white house - night Reagan be moan in he sleep . Nancy lean over he : nancy ronnie , honey .. ronnie wake up .. you be have a bad dream .. ronnie . she touch he arm . he jump , open he eye . in a panic . reagan where be I ? where be I ? Bill ! nancy you be here , honey .. you be with I .. it 's okay .. it 's okay ... reagan I have get to get he out .. but he 's so heavy .. I can not lift he . nancy shhh ... it 's okay , honey .. lie down .. lie down ... she coax he into lie down , snuggle close , use the warmth of she body to comfort he : nancy there , there .. everything 's go to be okay .. everything 's go to be just fine ... ext . garden , bel - AIR HOTEL - beverly hill - day music : a string quartet lost in the flowers , playing mendellsohn 's wedding MARCH .. doria in a matron- of - honor dress , come down the grassy aisle . flanke by dozen of wealthy smiling face .. everything be cover in flower .. from behind tree and flower trellise , the bland , sun -glass face of secret service agent be peer , watch ... 168 patti appear , resplendent , in a gorgeous white bridal gown , orange blossom in she hair . try to smile , tremble on she father 's arm . ‘nse ? she pass the betsy and Arthur bloomingdale , the tuttles , all she parent 's California friend . they be all smile benevolently . so be Mike deaver . she pass Nancy , who 's in the front row wear a glamorous suit , smile broadly . next to she , ron be smile even more broadly . ron ( whisper to Nancy ) Mom .. where 's Michael and Maureen ? nancy ( shake she head , murmur ) they do not get they invitation until too late . a frown flicker across ron 's face . angle - patti and Reagan arrive at Paul , who be dress in all white , wear love bead . he 's a smile flower - child of love . together they all turn and look up at the reverend donn moomaw , who be enormous in he celebrant 's robe , hold a Bible , and beam down at they like God , himself . ext . garden reception - day the reception be underway . on one side of the garden , a group of indian musician be play traditional music on sitar , as Paul and patti ( now in yoga clothes ) lead there friend through a series of yoga exercise and meditation . patti ’'s friend shanti , shanti , shanti..ommmmmm ... on the other side of the garden , the string quartet be play some light bach . waiter cruise with trays of hor d'oevr and champagne . Nancy and betsy bloomingdale be head indoors . nancy well , at least she 's not live in sin , anymore . ee ; int . lady room - bel AIR HOTEL - afternoon 169 Nancy and betsy be in the lady room , fix they make - up . betsy look at you . '' her daughter get marry today in a yoga ceremony , but tonight , she hair still look fantastic . '' Nancy laugh . nancy it 's tony 's assistant . we bring he out for the wedding . he 's not tony , but he 's good enough . betsy smack she lip in the mirror , as : betsy yes , well . nobody 's tony . not even . tony 's tony , anymore . nancy what do you mean ? betsy oh , nance . do not you know ? he 's dead . ( lower she voice ) die last week ..of you -know -what . nancy ( stunne ) aids ? betsy come on , honey . you know he be gay . nancy yes , but .. I do not .. he do not tell I .. betsy everybody on earth know . I mean , we have all be have a bad hair day for month . nancy my god. my god.. tony be dead .. when be the funeral ? betsy sigh , with a flicker of genuine sadness . 170 betsy you do not think there 's actually go to be a funeral , do you ? ( pause ) his parent be bury he . nobody know where . come on . you need a nice , big glass of champagne . betsy drag Nancy out . ext . presidential limo / moving ~- beverly hill - night the presidential limo move slowly down the palm - tree studd boulevard ... int . presidential limo / moving - continuing Nancy and Reagan sit in back . she 's stare out the window . nancy he be sick for month , but I never know . nobody ever tell I . Reagan pat she hand , consolingly . reagan try to remember what the Bible say . nancy what 's that ? reagan they that live in sin shall die in sin . Nancy look at he . he reach over to the bar , unscrew a bottle of water , and pour himself a glass . nancy ronnie .. I want you to do something . anything . all this young boy , all this child , drug addict , they be die of aids , but nobody ’s.. nobody 's do anything about it . nobody even want to talk about it . Reagan take a sip of he water , and look out the window . impenetrable . nancy say something . 171 she wait .. and wait .. no response . she 's die inside . tight shot - a 17 - year-old girl . she have the pimple of . a teenager , but she talk like a old woman . flat , dead : 17 -year-old girl I do not start out a drug addict . my mother be a single mom , she work in a mental hospital . when the hospital be close down , we go on unemployment , but unemployment only last so long . so when my mom end up on welfare , and give I to my aunt and uncle . I do not see she for like 6 year . but my cousin be into crack . she give I some . sometimes we would turn trick - not a lot , just enough to buy stuff . but then I start do it more and more . I get so I be do crack in the daytime , and wetting my bed at night . finally my aunt and uncle find out , and they be go to put I in rehab , so I run away . man. live on the street .. you have better be do drug , or you will lose you mind . the girl laugh , bitterly . the other laugh , too . pull back to reveal a circle of recovering drug addict . Nancy , she assistant kathy osborne , and the director of the rehab program . in the b.g. , several secret service agent . nancy ( visibly move ) I do not understand .. be not there anyone else you could talk to ? you relative ? you teacher ? you minister ? you doctor ? somebody ? the kid laugh . Nancy flush , embarrassed . director of the clinic there use to be hospital . clinics . after-school program . that 's all go , now . government cut -back . Nancy be speechless . the director stand up : director of the clinic thanks , guy . let 's take a break and have something to eat . can we thank Mrs. Reagan for come today ? 172 everyone clap . ext . white house balcony and lawn - day Nancy stand on the balcony overlook a crowd of cheer , healthy teenager — not one of this kid have a problem in the world . they be all wear '' just say no '' button . ton of media . ton of secret service . nancy ( call down to the kid ) what do we do , when someone offer we drug ? the crowd yell back , as one , along with she : nancy with kide just ! say ! no ! she 's laugh happily , as she fire the next question : nancy what do we do , when someone ask we to help they sell or carry drug ? nancy with kide just ! say ! no ! nancy what do we tell we friend to say , if one of they be offer drug ? nancy and kide ( louder than ever ) dust ! say ! noooooccce ! a flurry of multi-color balloon say '' just say no '' be release into the air . Nancy clasp she hand together , so proud , as she watch they fly up into the blue sky . angle - Bill Shelby on the ground , turn to one of he fellow - journalist , with a cynical grin : bill shelby gee . why do not I ever think of that ? end of act eleven 173 sua ? act twelve nancy'' face against the blue arizona sky - Nancy , wear sunglass and a solicitous smile : nancy - mother ? it 's I . it 's so nice to see you , mother ... you 's be look wonderful ... ext . nursing home - phoenix , arizona - day Nancy settles into a chair next to she mother edith , who be hunch over in a wheelchair , she eye fix on the brightly - color blanket that cover she lap . nancy ( brightly , try ) ronnie and I be in Tucson for the be - election campaign , so I think I have just drop by . she reach out , and smoothes edith 's blanket . nancy you like you blanket ? I pick it out just for you , back in New Hampshire .. it 's more than 150 year old . oh , and look what else I bring . picture . Nancy dig into she purse , pull out photograph : nancy this one 's of ronnie and I in the White Mountains . what a godawful place . I be cover with mosquito bite . cover . ( more picture ) here we be , at gettysburg .. and here 's we the Grand 01 's opry , that be fun..0h , and here 's ron and he wife , doria . you have meet doria , she 's not so bad . they be the only one campaigning with we , this time . Michael 's get the grandkid , and Maureen 's work . oh God , patti 's write a book , do I tell you ? from somewhere deep inside edith , come a low groan . Nancy laugh . nancy you can say that again . ronnie and I always say to each other , someday she 's 174 go to write a book . we just hope it would not be until after we be dead . edith 's index finger be slowly twitching its way around the circumference of a blue flower . Nancy falter . nancy ronnie would have come with I to see you today .. but the campaign be keep he so busy ..and , and ... she pick up edith 's hand , and begin stroking it , confidentially , whisper : nancy he 's not well , mother . he 's tired , but it 's more than that . I be go to talk to he doctor . I think this job be kill he , I really do . all the tension about Nicaragua , and Soviet Union , and this poor man who 's be kidnap in Lebanon ... every night , when he 's sleep , I whisper in he ear , '' peace ... peace . '' but it 's too much for he . it would be too much for anyone . and some of that man in he cabinet ... viper , mother. viper . I just pray to God I can get he out of the White House in one piece . she notice she assistant , Kathy , signal to she from the lawn , and point to she watch . several secret service agent get up from the grass . with a great effort , edith swing she gaze up to Nancy 's face , search in it for something recognizable : edith who be you ? Nancy gasp , but this be not the first time this have happen . nancy I be Nancy , mother . Nancy . you daughter . edith ( shaking she head ) no . I have not get any daughter ... 175 nancy yes , you do . me. right here , in live color . a shadow fall across the two of they . it 's the attendant . nursing home attendant we be take she in for lunch , Mrs. Reagan . would you like to come ? Nancy glance at she assistant , then look at she mother . nancy I guess not . I should get back to Tucson . she stand up , and plant a kiss on she mother 's brow . nancy Goodbye , mother . I love you . nursing home attendant Mrs. reagan.. be there any chance you husband could send we a autograph picture ? the staff would be so thrilled . we show '' bedtime for bonzo '' at least 3 time a year around here ... nancy I x11 speak to the President . nursing home attendant that would be super . good luck in the election . this be Reagan country , you know . nancy yes .. thank you .. Goodbye , mother ... Nancy watch the nurse wheel she mother away . dissolve to : documentary montage : the 1984 campaign : the '' Morning in America '' ad .. walter mondale and geraldine ferrarro , hand join and raise in triumph ... dissolve to Reagan speak in a crowded hall ... reagan a '' my friend , we live in a world that 's light by lightning ... '' 176 in back , cop be wrestle protestor out as they sing : . protestor ( sing ) '' all we be say be give peace a chance ... '' shout . protest . everyone booing each . other . dissolve to : Reagan speak to a crowd of aerospace engineer on the tarmac at NASA ... reagan '' american have always be great when she dare to be great . I be convinced we will be leader , because the american people would rather reach for the star than reach for excuse why we should not .. '' pure , unadulterate cheer . dissolve to Reagan address a crowd of farmer in Iowa .. the farmer be hardbitten , cynical . one sob . reagan '' my friend , ours be the land of the free because it be the home of the brave . America 's future will always be great because we people will be free , united , one people under God , with liberty and justice for all ... '' he certainly be the great communicator . ext . stage - republican national convention - super : '' 1984 '' Nancy at the podium : nancy lady and gentlemen , I want you to meet my husband , the next President of the United States .. Ronald Wilson Reagan ! she turn to a huge , huge projection screen , which cover the entire back of the stage . a enormous live - image of Reagan appear on it , smile . Nancy be a speck in front of it , wave to he , blow a kiss .. as the crowd goe wild . tv - color 177 sowa '' walter cronkite : walter cronkite '' and we have President Ronald Reagan , carry 49 state , receive 525 electoral vote ..to walter mondale 's 10.. President Ronald Reagan have win 59 percent of the popular vote ... '' ext . inaugural platform - a winter's day Reagan stand with Nancy , be swear in , he hand on he mother 's old , tape Bible ... thru the window of the white house ballroom - night the window burn brightly in the dark . hundred of dance couple move smoothly around the floor ..a swirl of color ..candle -light and burnish silver ... ext . sidewalk - in front of the white house - continuing two cardboard box on the sidewalk house the same three homeless guy , shiver in the icy cold . the headlight of the pass traffic sweep over they ... dissolve to : ext . cemetery ~ bitburg ( germany ) - day deaver stand in the snow , surveying a small cemetery in the wood . all the grave be under a recent blanket of snow . his translator be talk to chancellor kohl 's assistant . deaver interrupt they : deaver ( shiver ) what 's he say ? translator ( german accent ) he say the chancellor kohl think this be the prettiest of the cemetery . it will look good on the television . deaver I agree . tell he if kohl like it , then the President like it . we can set up a stand right here .. the President can make a little speech about World War two.. lay a 178 wreath .. it will be very touch . Jesus , it 's freezing . come on , let 's get a drink . they all laugh , and hurry towards the car . int . elevator -. west wing / white house ~ day George shultz , Jim Baker , and Mike deaver be riding up in the elevator , along with don regan ( 50 ) , the new secretary of state , and he cohort ROBERT ( bud ) mcfarlane ( late 40' ) , national security adviser . regan be cocky : don regan I be tell you , Jim - you be go to wish you never switch job with I . be Secretary of the treasury be a whole lot harder than be Secretary of State . jim baker yeah , right , don. life in the oval Office be one big bowl of cherries . don regan all you have get to do be manage the economy . I be go to be ceo of . the entire White House . everybody in this building be responsible to I . GEORGE shultz include the President ? regan and McFarlane laugh . the other smile , exchange a glance . the elevator door bang open . Jim Baker head right . everyone else head leave toward the oval Office . regan sidle up to deaver , whisper : regan so , deaver — tell I . you have know Madame fuhrer a lot longer than I have . how the hell do you manage to put up with she ? Mike deaver look at he , stunne . before he can think of a answer , the journalist Bill Shelby appear out of nowhere , catch he sleeve . shelby hey , Mike . read the german papers today ? 179 ‘al ? deaver come on , Shelby , I get no time for this — shelby Der spiegel 's say that the graveyard the President 's gonna visit in bitburg have 20 ss bury in it . you know , the guy who give we auschwitz ? deaver feel sick . int . oval office - day Reagan , George shultz , Don regan and Robert McFarlane be sit in chair , listen as deaver explain : deaver ( humiliate ) it have snow , I could not see what be on the tombstone . I screw up , I take full responsibility . Don regan interrupt , scornfully : regan that 's no excuse . we be try to unify Europe , and you have get the President lay flower on nazi-grave . and you learn this from the media ? deaver it ' 1l break tonight . six o'clock news . regan okay , damage control . we call the Germans , find a new site for the ceremony — deaver I have already call they . chancellor kohl will not change the site . he say every graveyard in Germany have a few bad apple . we have to put that behind we . ( to Reagan ) I be sorry , Mr. President . I blow it . I will resign as soon as I can write the letter . reagan what for ? I agree with kohl . the war 's over . more important , I think I be mean to go . deaver be silent . regan turn on the President , dumfounded : 180 regan why ? every jewish organization in the country will be at we throat — reagan because God want I to bring peace to Europe . if he do not , he have have leave I dead on the street with a bullet in my chest . . int . roosevelt room - white house - day a portrait of FDR look down on a jewish delegation , lead by elie wiesel , 70 , holocaust survivor and jewish leader . elie wiesel I have see the ss at work , Mr. President . I have see they victim . they be my friend , my parent . they be child . ( pause ) I tell you , Mr. President . you should not go to that place . that place be not . you place . you place be with the victim of the ss. . Nancy , Don regan , and deaver watch from nearby , as the President frown very seriously : reagan well , as you know , Mr. wiesel , I have add a visit to a concentration camp , Bergen - belsen ... the delegation wince . Nancy listen , helpless . reagan the holocaust be the great tragedy in human history . I see some of it , first hand , as a Army photographer during the war , when I film one of the camp . I x11 never forget that horrible image — Nancy gasp — what 's he say ? regan whisper to deaver . regan I think he stay in Hollywood during the war . deaver he do . 181 reagan ( override ) the war make victim of everybody , Mr. wiesel . even though they wear Nazi uniform , the young man bury in that cemetery be victim of nazism just as surely as the victim in the concentration camp . end on wiesel 's incredulous reaction : ext . bitburg cemetery ( germany ) - day a german honor guard snap to attention ; a drum roll as Reagan and a U.S. general step slowly to the monument , together , carry a wreath , accompany by two US marine . as Reagan and the General lay the wreath and stand at attention , a bugler play the german version of '' tap '' . a group of dignitaries watch : chancellor kohl , german politician , american general , Don regan , and Robert McFarlane . Nancy stand with deaver . as they whisper , they keep they eye focus on Reagan . deaver Nancy .. I have decide to resign . ( she glance at he , alarmed ) I offer before , and he turn I down . but I be do it , anyway . nancy ( whisper ) Mike , you can not .. he need you protection ... deaver he will be fine . he 's the teflon man . this will slide off he . but I .. I do not think so . I do not think I can live with this . ( she look at he , concerned ) this job be take it out of I . my health be shot . I barely know who my wife and daughter be , anymore . I need . a life . she look at he sadly . the honor Guard raise its rifle and fire a salute , as Reagan snap a crisp salute , in return . int . oval office - white house - day deaver hand Reagan he letter of resignation . a sadness hang over they ' both . 182 deaver you 'il see I around . I have get a job as a lobbyist . I can not believe the number of people who want to be friend with I , now that I have work with you . they both laugh . silence . neither of they can say goodbye . suddenly Reagan pull he in , and give he a big hug . angle - the look of surprise on deaver 's face . ext . white house - a summer 's day establish . int . reagan '' suite - outside the bedroom - continuing dr . hutton , the White House physician , come out of the bedroom to talk to Nancy . dr . hutton ( quietly ) he 's get dress . I want to talk to you , first .. have the President be have any abdominal pain , that you know of ? nancy no .. no , I do not think so ... dr . hutton I be go to recommend a series of test . he have a mass in he lower abdomen , and I want to check it out . nancy ( turn pale ) what do you mean , '' check it out '' ? what be it ? ext . bethesda navy hospital - day the media be campe out on the sidewalk . int . reagan be room - continuing Reagan be in bed , look pale and a bit groggy , but clearly glad to see Michael , he wife colleen , and there son , cameron ( 5 ) . the room be full of flower . on the bedside table , several jar of jellybean .. and patti 's new book , Home Front . it have a picture of patti on the cover . 183 '' ce n '' the jar of jellybean be be pass around , as everyone talk and laugh : michael I think patti 's book be more therapy than anything else . you will see . Three month on the circuit , and it 'il disappear into oblivion . reagan it 's okay by I . she be always a argumentative kid . Hell , she should have be a politician . Michael and colleen laugh . colleen can see how tired Reagan be . colleen it 's late , Michael , we should go . cameron . pick up you toy . Michael stand up , reluctantly . cameron start to gather he toy . michael it be good to see you , dad . we do not see each other enough , y' know ? Michael lean over , and they embrace . int . hospital corridor - Nancy talk to Dr. hutton : dr . hutton the good news be , we catch it at a early stage . now all he need be a little radiation , and he should be fine . pause . nancy doctor..do you think this could explain why ronnie .. I mean , some of he behavior ... dr . hutton what behavior ? nancy his.his forgetfulness .. and he ’s..he 's tired , all the time ... 184 dr . hutton you would be forgetful and tired , if you be President of the United States . nancy yes .. but he 's not the same .. something 's wrong . dr . hutton do not worry , Mrs. Reagan . if something be wrong , we have know about it . say , that '' just say no '' program of yours be get a lot of play , be not it ? nancy Doctor , I be try to tell you , ronnie 's not well ... dr . hutton of course he 's not well , he 's just have surgery for cancer . once he get back on he foot - maybe a little vacation - - you 'il see . he will be fine . he 's a warhorse . nancy ( try to believe he ) thank you , Doctor . he give she arm a squeeze , and head down the hall . Nancy stand there , try to collect herself . Kathy osborne come up to she with a cup of tea . nancy'' assistant here 's you tea . it 's a little strong , but you can add some more milk to it , and it will be fine . Nancy turn to she , bitterly : nancy everybody keep say that . it 's fine . everything 's fine , they tell I . ( pause ) well , everything be not fine . it 's not fine . it 's not . Kathy stand there , look confuse . Nancy head down the corridor to Reagan 's room . as she arrive , Michael , colleen , and cameron be emerge . 185 michael we be leave now . they're interrupt by Don regan and Robert McFarlane , stand up from they seat , nearby . they be hold briefcase . - don regan ( ingratiatingly ) Mrs. Reagan , I just want to thank you for let Bud and I come to the hospital today ... nancy ( curtly ) I will be back in 15 minute . make it short . she walk Michael and he family to the elevator . ext . lobby - bethesda naval hospital - day Nancy , Michael , colleen and cameron be visible in the lobby , talk . she stoops , and give a hug to cameron . panning up the side of the hospital ... arriving at reagan's window ... «which be open a few inch .. Reagan . be visible in bed , talk to Don regan and Bud McFarlane . slowly entering thru the window .. they voice become audible : don regan his name 's Father jenco . he be a Catholic aid worker in Beirut , they kidnap he last week . he 's still alive . or at least he be , as of yesterday . Reagan 's head come off the pillow . reagan for God 's sake , another kidnap ? what the hell 's happen ? Bill Buckley , what about he ? be he still alive ? regan turn to McFarlane , who clear he throat : mcfarlane we do not know , sir . there 's a rumor — 186 reagan what 's you name ? mcfarlane ( flustered ) McFarlane , sir . Robert McFarlane . I be :one of you National Security advisor , sir . you have already meet I . several time . reagan really ? McFarlane and regan look at each other , uncomfortably . regan apparently Buckley have a lung infection of some kind .. but we can not get any hard information .. I mean , Beirut , you know . it 's a country , it 's a state of mind -- reagan ( alarmed ) he 's dead ? be that what you be tell I ? Bill Buckley be dead ? mcfarlane it 's only a rumor , sir — reagan oh Jesus , Jesus .. Bill Buckley be dead ... regan we do not know if he 's dead . right now , all we have be rumor . but Bud here have a proposal , we want you to listen to it — reagan I could not save he .. he be a american citizen , and I could not save he . mcfarlane the Iranians need weapon for they war against Iraq — mcfarlane they want missile — regan if we give they 100 tow missile , it could open up communication with the kidnapper — 187 mcfarlane we would not be negotiate — regan talk , that 's all we have be do . we have be talk — reagan ( almost desperate ) will it save Father jenco ? regan and McFarlane stop . mcfarlane ( carefully ) this people .. the people we give the missile to .. they might have a influence on the kidnapper . regan we be not negotiate . all we be do be open up communication ... mcfarlane we have a Marine , Colonel . Oliver North ..he and I can go to Tehran , and set the whole thing up ... reagan you be go to go to Tehran ? mcfarlane it 's 100 measly antitank missile . reagan but we can not .. we can not sell weapon to Iran , they be a terrorist nation .. and we be support Iraq ... regan Iran 's not go to win the war with that . all they x11 do be raise a little a little dust . Reagan be so groggy , he 's have difficulty absorb the information . regan believe I , sir . all we be do be open up communication . 188 Reagan look from regan to McFarlane , and back to his voice have the slight tinge of dread : reagan open ‘em up . end _of act twelve 189 regan . act thirteen . music : Band Aid 's Christmas recording ( '' do they know it’s christmas ? '' ) in aid of ethiopian famine relief .. over : documentary montage : newspaper headline and tv report re : the death of CIA station chief Bill Buckley in Beirut .. a twa airliner be hijacked by iranian terrorist .. newspaper photo of the pilot talk to negotiator on the ground ..a body on the tarmac .. the achille lauro adrift in the Mediterranean , terrorist visible on deck ... the world seem to be tear itself apart . music fade ... dissolve to : ext . lake geneva ( switzerland ) - day super : '' 1985 '' it 's freezing . Reagan be walk slowly around the lake with general secretary mikhael gorbachev . they be both bundle up . talk be go badly : gorbachev ( Russian accent ) this missile defense system of yours — weapon in space — who can control it ? it open up a arm race in space — reagan how do we know you will not use you weapon against we ? gorbachev because we will not . I be say to you , we will not . why do not you believe I ? reagan why do not you believe I , when I say that all I want be a shield ? gorbachev ( irritably ) please answer I — what be you answer ? reagan ( just as irritably ) I be answer , Secretary gorbachev— - with a question for you . the vein in Gorbachev 's forehead be throbbing with fury . 190 gorbachev I be too heat and emotional not to show you my sincerity . I beg you .. stop this arm race before it get start . int . fleur dkeau ( chateau ) - day Nancy and raisa sit , have tea . raisa speak in Russian . her translator sit beside she : raisa / translator I read book by you american woman . they say american woman be downtrodden ... they be pay less than american men.. and they have no rights in work - place . Nancy glance uneasily at the SMALL army of assistant and media scattered around the room . cameras flashing . nancy that 's not completely true , Mrs. Gorbachev — raisa ( override ) and malcolm x. he say american black can not get work . they be treat like slave . nancy they be not slave — raisa ( override ) in Soviet Union , everyone have job . everyone be treat same — Nancy interrupt with a steely smile : nancy please , Mrs. Gorbachev . would you like some more tea ? ext . fleur dkeau ( chateau ) - night the place be ablaze with light . a fairy castle . int . bathroom suite - continuing the bathroom door be slightly ajar . from behind it , Nancy 's voice : 191 nancy : oc '' in the Soviet Union , everyone have job . everyone be treat same . '' oh yeah ? moving closer and closer - toward the door nancy : oc be that why you have the gulag ? so you can make sure everybody 's work ? be that why andrei sakharov can not get he wife any medical treatment ? coming around the corner of the door - Nancy be visible in the tub , blow off steam : nancy '' God help I if I come down with a cold when I be in Moscow , I ’1l1 be damned before I ' 1l see any of you so-called doctor ! and no wonder you husband always look so bored — because he 's marry to you , you stalinist — she 's interrupt by a woman 's voice , outside the door : chateau maid : oc ( french accent , timidly ) Madame Reagan ? I be just turn down the bed . be there anything you need ? nancy no . no , thank you . that will be all . Nancy shrink down into the water , mortify . int . library - fleur D ’eau -— continuing in front of a blaze fire , Reagan and Gorbachev be share cigar , and brandy . they be laugh and talk : gorbachev ( Russian accent ) so tell I , be olivia de havilland as beautiful as she look in the movie ? reagan more. much more . we be on a committee together for the screen actor Guild . one night we be all stand around after a meeting , and I say , '' you know , olivia , I 192 always think you might be a Communist . '' she say , '' I ? I think you be one of they ! '' Gorbachev laugh and laugh . gorbachev okay , I have get a joke for you . this be a story of a commissar who visit a collective farm . he stop the first farmer he meet , and ask about life on the farm . and the man say , '' it 's wonderful . I have never hear anyone complain about anything since I have be here . '' and the commissar say , '' well , what about the crop ? '' '' oh , '' say the farmer , '' the crop be wonderful . '' '' what about the potato ? '' '' oh , sir , '' he say , '' the potato , there be so many that if we put they in one pile they would touch the foot of God . '' and the commissar say , '' just a minute . in the Soviet Union , there be no God . '' and the farmer say , '' well , there be no potato , either . '' they both break up , laugh . newspaper photo : Reagan , Gorbachev , raisa , and Nancy stand together at the end of the summit . everyone 's smile . headline : '' USA and ussr pledge to seek 50 % reduction in nuclear arm '' . angle - Reagan and Nancy back in they White House bedroom , look at the paper . reagan ( bitterly ) it mean nothing . nothing . nancy it 's a pledge . you will meet again next year , in Washington . you '1 ] l make peace then . you must . you have get to . ( pause ) if only so that I do not have to have tea with she , ever again ..! he laugh , pull she close for a hug and a kiss . Pov - AIR force bomber - day ( 1986 ) ) 193 bomb drop on tripoli .. it 's a huge air attack , as dozen of US plane drop more than 90 2,000 pound bomb ... int . oval office - night Reagan read from the tele - prompter . he 's tired . not well . but he still project utter optimism and ease : reagan today , Americans can stand tall . american force have bomb the city of tripoli and benghazi in Libya , and the terrorist dictatorship of General Omar qadaffi have be punish for its terrorist attack in Europe , as well as its assault on two US Air Force plane in 1981 — int . corridor - outside the oval office - continuing Don regan and McFarlane be talk to a young Marine , col . oliver NORTH . regan ( low , deadly ) | so , Colonel North — why do I feel like you be not tell I the whole story ? oliver NORTH ( a mask of Marine obedience ) sorry , sir ? regan ( fume ) we send 40 missile to Iran , and we get Father jenco out . then we have another kidnap . we send over another 100 missile , and we get 3 more kidnapping , and a kill . NORTH yes , sir . | regan and now Bud , here , tell I the Iranians want another pallet of missile part and what ? pause . North 's cheek begin to redden . | , NORTH '' a chocolate cake . 194 McFarlane and regan turn to each other , sarcastically : regan a chocolate cake . a chocolate cake . ( pause ) well , that 's fine . that 's fantastic . that just blow my little mind . regan turn back to North , push he index finger into North 's chest . regan let I tell you something , Colonel North . when this thing blow up in we face — which it will - I be not go to be the scapegoat . I be not , not ! you hear I ? int . PRESS office - white house - continuing Bill Shelby watch Reagan on a small office tv , along with a few other reporter : reagan on tv . now , every nickel - and -dime dictator the world over know that if he tangles with the unite State of America , he will pay a price ... shelby you can not stop terrorism by kill 150 innocent libyan civilian . reporter 1 so what ? the President 's number have never be higher . reporter 2 yeah . the Iranians walk all over Jimmy Carter . now we be finally get some of we own back . shelby you be all a bunch of goddam idiot . Shelby kick he desk , and walk out . establishing - bethesda naval hospital - day int . nancy 's oncologist 's office - day Nancy sit in Dr. hutton 's office . this time , it 's about she . Dr. hutton be review Nancy 's x-ray . 195 ea dr . hutton it 's a small calcification in you leave breast . it 's not large . it 's small . you could go for a lumpectomy , and follow it up with chemo and radiation . you have be out of the action maybe 6 month . nancy six month ? dr . hutton it 's better than a radical mastectomy . Nancy shake she head . she 's mortify , talk about this . nancy no . you do not understand , Doctor hutton . I can not be sick for six month . dr . hutton sometimes we do not have any choice about this thing ... nancy I do . I have a choice . I can be sick , or not sick . I will not be sick . my husband need I . ( pause ) I will take the mastectomy . hutton stare at she . dr . hutton Mrs. Reagan -- you do not need a mastectomy . with a lumpectomy there be no guarantee , but the chance be overwhelming that you have be fine — nancy no . no . I need to .be with my husband . I ’1l1 take the mastectomy . ext . bethesda naval hospital - day establish shot . int . hospital corridor - continuing deaver step out of the elevator , and start toward Nancy 's room . 196 int . nancy 's hospital room ~- continuing Nancy lie in bed , full of ivs , unconscious . her chest a mass of bandage and tub . Reagan sit next to she , hold she hand . nurse come and go , check Nancy 's sign , ivs , etc. , but Reagan never notice they -- he eye stay on she face , watch she . hurting almost as much as she be . deaver stand in the doorway , watch . ext . hospital garden - day Reagan with Mike deaver , talk : reagan in some way , Nancy and I be one human be .. when one of we be happy , the other be happy . when one of we hurt , the other hurt ... he break off . deaver search for word but can not find they . they stand together , in silence . ext . white house - day establish . int . corridor - west wing - day Reagan be head down the corridor to he office , when George shultz catch up to he , elate , wave a letter . shultz Mr. President .. Mr. president..wait .. Reagan be so far inside he sadness , that he can hardly register shultz 's elation : shultz I get a letter from Gorbachev . the Soviets have blink . they have blink . reagan what ? shultz they 's be willing to sign a treaty .. Gorbachev want to discuss dismantle the Soviet nuclear missile - system ! 197 ' eae suddenly they be surround by staff .. the secretary ... everyone be laugh , shouting , shaking hand , patting each other on the back . Reagan be in the middle of it all , scratch he head , grin like a 18 - year - old kid . int . reagan 's bedroom - white house - day Nancy sit up ina chair , beside the window . Reagan burst into the room : reagan it 's do . Gorbachev want to sign . nancy oh ronnie ... he go to she , kneel in front of she , they hold each other . nancy you do it . you do it . reagan God do it . it 's why God save I . int . east room - white house - day music : hail to the chief as Reagan and Gorbachev be sit at lincoln 's desk , which be cover with velvet . they be signing the inf treaty . Nancy and raisa be in the front row . behind , the entire U.S. congress . walter cronkite : vo ( quietly narrate ) first General Secretary Gorbachev will sign.. and then President Reagan .. this be truly a historic moment . this be the first U.S. - Soviet treaty of any kind to provide for the destruction of nuclear weapon ... as Reagan and Gorbachev stand up , applause . reagan we have listen to the wisdom of a old Russian maxim . doverey , no proverey — trust but verify . gorbachev you repeat that at every meeting . laughter . 198 reagan I like it . more laughter . everyone be shaking hand . Nancy beam . int . white house PRESS office - day Bill Shelby alone in the White House Press Office , type on he computer . the UPI printer start to hum . it 's printing out a story . he go over to it , and read . stare at it , unable to believe he eye . he tear the story off the printer . int . white house corridor - day Bill Shelby catch up with deaver in the hall , urgently : bill shelby hey , deaver ! deaver ! ( deaver stop ) what 's with Bud McFarlane go to Iran to negotiate for the hostage ? deaver be blind -side , stare at he : deaver what ? bill shelby the story just come out on the wire . some magazine in Lebanon say that Bud McFarlane have be negotiate with Iran , sell they weapon in return for the hostage — deaver feel sick , instinctively try to stonewall he : deaver no-what ? no .. that 's impossible — bill shelby and the iranian prime minister say it , too - he say that secret negotiation have be go on for more than a year — deaver turn , hurry away . Shelby stare after he . shelby deaver ? deaver ! int . another white house corridor - day 199 Don regan come off the elevator , be confront by a crowd of reporter : reporter 1 Mr. regan , do not the United States still have a embargo against Iran ? regan no comment . reporter 2 do we have a deal go with Iran of some sort ? reporter 3 how can we be sell weapon to Iran ? be not we suppose to be support Iraq ? regan push he way through the crowd : reagan no comment . this be nothing but wild speculation . we have not be negotiate with anybody to free the hostage , we have no communication with Iran whatsoever — reagan on tv - no longer the great communicator . he 's angry , defensive . reagan ( on tv ) '' we government have a firm policy not to capitulate to terrorist demand . that no - concession policy remain in force , in spite of the wildly speculative and false storey about arm -for-hostages , and alleged ransom payment . we do not , repeat , not trade weapon or anything else for hostage , nor will we . int . deaver 's live room - night | Mike deaver with he wife and daughter , watch Reagan on ) tv . deaver shake he head , stunne . deaver he 's just lose all credibility . he 's finish . he 's finish . int . white house elevator - night 200 Ed meese , Attorney General , look grim , riding up in the elevator . int . oval office - night Reagan and regan sit nervously , as Ed meese confront they with the bad news : ed meese the Iranians be charge 30 million dollar for 12 million dollar worth of missile . there 's 18 million miss . the blood drain from Reagan 's face . he croak : reagan miss ? what do you mean ? ed meese it 's be siphon off . reagan I do not understand .. by whom ? how ? meese the money be collect by a Marine , Colonel Oliver North . it be funnel through a swiss bank account , and from there , some of it go to the nicaraguan contras . of course , that only account for 4 million dollar . the book be .. well , they be cook . Reagan can only stammer . regan look shocked , too . reagan i..i.. I can not believe it . don regan but that 's impossible . you do not screw around with federal fund . this be government money . meese give regan a incredulous look , turn to Reagan . meese I think , sir .. we need a investigation . don regan ( echoing ) that 's right . that 's what we need . a investigation . we have get to tell Congress . 201 we can not hide important information like this -- right , Mr. President ? Reagan be still too stunne to speak . regan continue : don regan maybe we should set up a board of inquiry - — make it bipartisan , yes , that 's what we will do - get all the information out . everything have to be above board , do not you think , Mr. President ? Reagan have grab the arm of the sofa , as if to keep himself from fall over . meese Mr. President .. what we need be a independent counsel .. somebody separate from I .. because my involvement with you could be see as a conflict of interest . reagan ( faintly ) okay . well . okay . regan yes , yes . that 's good . pause . meese stand up . meese Senator John Tower be possible . he 's a Republican , he 's always be loyal to you . reagan thank you , Ed . thank you . meese leave . reagan I think we be try to save the hostage . I really do . regan yes , sir . of course sir . that 's what we be all try to do . end of act thirteen 202 act fourteen int . oval office - day Reagan sit behind he desk , look tired and wear , but do he best to appear confident . two lawyer sit on either side of he ( david abshire and peter wallison ) . opposite sit Senator John Tower and 3 other ( rhett dawson , brent scowcroft , and senator ed muskie ) - — the Tower Commission . JOHN tower Mr. President .. this Commission want to thank you for meeting with we today . we be go to ask you a series of question concern the shipment of arm to Iran . ( pause ) first . do you remember Robert McFarlane ever tell you anything about money be divert to the contras ? Reagan pause . reagan no. JOHN tower never ? pause . Reagan speak slowly , search he memory : reagan well , it seem to I that maybe I do ... JOHN tower if you have like , you can check you diary ... and you memory .. more carefully ... Reagan 's brow furrow . he 's really try to remember . reagan no , I do not remember Robert McFarlane tell I anything . int . reagan 'o live room - white house - day Nancy be have tea with Mike deaver . 203 deaver his approval rating drop again . only 17 % of the people believe he story about the Iran initiative . she wince . it 's as if he 's stick a knife into she . nancy I talk to my special friend , this morning ... '' dire event in the first few month of 1987 ... '' that 's what she say . deaver Nancy , you have get to get rid of Don regan . nancy I have talk to ronnie until I be blue in the face . deaver do something . make it happen . or else he 'il drag the President and the whole administration down with he . Nancy hear he . she nod . ext . camp david - late november 1986 - day the leave be fall , as Nancy and Reagan leave they residence , walk slowly into the wood , hand - in-hand . a few secret service follow , at a respectful distance . ext . wood - camp david - day Nancy and Reagan walk slowly . it 's a beautiful afternoon . but they be tired , tense . nancy I use to think he could be a good Chief of staff , that he could grow into the job . but he 's not Chief of staff£ , anymore —he do not care about protect you , all he care about be himself .. and he do not watch the shop . he surround himself with yes-men ... ( plead ) he 's weak , ronnie . he 's weak . Reagan shove he hand deep into he pocket . 204 reagan I 'il be goddamn if I 'il throw somebody to the wolf , just to save my own butt . he resume walk . she hurry after he , still tired and in pain from Reagan turn he stare at she mastectomy . nancy you be in a crisis . this be a crisis . if it 's not handle well , everything you have do for the last 6 year will be go . the geneva summit.. destroy nuclear weapon .. de-militarize europe.. end the cold war .. it will all be go . what happen to Richard Nixon will happen to you -- on she , hotly : reagan I never , never trade arm for hostage . nancy be that true ? ( off he look ) that 's not what I mean , ronnie . I believe you , but be you right ? lying be bad enough . but when you tell what you believe be the truth , and it 's not .. then you be really in trouble . she , know she 's right . reagan this whole thing be blow up out of proportion , it will blow over , you will see — nancy it 's not go to blow over . ronnie , John Tower be investigate you -- reagan there 's nothing to investigate ! I do not break the law — I do not — she grab he arm , desperate . nancy ronnie , stop it . stop it . you do not know everything that 's be do .. people have be do thing behind you back . Don 205 nei '' regan have be do thing behind you back . ( then ) if you do not fire Don regan , he ’11l drag you down with he . he will . they be stand , stare at each other — angry , desperate . dissolve to : thru window - oval office - day Reagan talk to Don regan , uncomfortable , avoid .. regan listen , stunne , then suddenly explode , stand up , put he hand on Reagan 's desk , snarling at he . Reagan sit back , himself stunne . int . mcfarlane 's bedroom - maryland - night McFarlane in he pajamas , in front of he computer , hold the phone to he ear . a anonymous man 's voice be talking : man 's voice ( telephone ) it 's bad , Bud . it 's really bad . a lot of head be go to roll . mcfarlane ( faintly , into phone ) yes .. thank you .. thank you for tell I . i’1l take care of it . man 's voice ( telephone ) no , bud.. you do not understand .. once Tower get hold of you , you be go to be screw . mcfarlane ( again ) I understand . really . I do . McFarlane slowly hang up . in the b.g. , mcfarlane's wife be visible in the next room , watch tv . McFarlane go to the bed , and sit down . he sit there a moment , shaking . open the drawer in he bedside table and take out a bottle of prescription pill . slowly shake all the pill into he hand . he throw half of they into he mouth , swallow they with water . he throw the other half into he mouth , swallow they , too . then he crawl under the cover , and prepare to die . 206 int . bill casey 's outer office - CIA headquarters - night casey be office look like it 's be hit by a hurricane . paper everywhere . he assistant be pack papers , in a panic . casey 's assistant Mr. casey , sir , what about this file on the iranian parliament , sir .. and rafsanjani ... he hear a cry come from casey 's office , turn : casey' assistant six ? through the open door , he can see casey fall to the floor . he rush in : casey 's assistant Mr. casey ! Mr , casey ! casey on the floor , go into convulsion . int . reagan 's breakfast room - white house - morning Reagan and Nancy sit in front of they breakfast . they can not eat . can not drink . they be numb . reagan it 's armageddon .. that 's what it be . armageddon . the leader from the West will be reveal as the anti-christ , and then God will strike he down . that 's I . I be the anti-christ . nancy no , ronnie ... reagan ( override ) and the Lord will strike down all of civilization , in order to make way for the new order ..a new Heaven and . a new Earth ... Nancy reach out , grab he hand , strongly . nancy hold on . you have get . to hold on , ronnie . Reagan 's eye be fill with tear . he can not help it . he 's crumble . 207 sasa '' reagan I save 77 life in 7 year , Nancy .. but I could not save that people in Lebanon . Nancy get up , put she arm around he . she rock he slowly , silently , back and forth . int . mcfarlane’s hospital room - continuing McFarlane in bed , with ivs in he arm , cry . he cry and cry . his wife sit beside he , hold he hand . establishing shot - bethesda navy hospital - day int . bill casey 's hospital room - continuing Bill casey lie in bed , with he head bandage , and ivs in he arm . he 's die . John Tower stand beside he , look down at he . he pat casey 's hand , sadly . they all leave . establishing shot - white house - night int . reagan sitting room - white house - night a repeat of the open of night two : Reagan in he chair , wear he pajamas and bathrobe . he look old . Mike deaver sit next to he . Tower be opposite , lean forward , intensely . JOHN tower Mr. President , as head of the presidential Commission to investigate iran-contra .. I be here to tell you we finding . one year ago , you personally approve the sale of 2,004 antitank missile to Iran for the express purpose of exchange arm for hostage ... he voice fade as we dissolve to : int . oval office - white house - day Reagan be sit behind he desk , as the make - up woman work on he . his speech lie before he . the room be crawl with technician , as they set up for broadcast . Nancy be on the other side of the room , with young ron . he hold she hand . she look utterly desperate . 208 producer one minute to the President . somebody come up to Reagan with a glass of water , hold it to he lip . he sip . the glass be whisk away . reagan nobody notice this desk be darker . it 's be restore . silence envelope the room . the silence seem to spread across the entire country . Reagan suddenly pull a handkerchief out of he pocket , and blow he nose . it 's a huge blast . a wave of laughter go around the room —he grin —he do it to deflate the tension . producer thirty second . reagan do I have time to make a phone call ? more laughter . Reagan shrink into himself , bow he head and stare into the surface of the desk . ron ( alarmed ) what 's the matter ? what 's he do ? nancy he 's concentrate . producer five.43.2enden Reagan have come out of he shell , he 's now perform as '' himself '' .. grim , but honest .. utterly well - meaning : reagan ( to the camera ) a few month ago I tell the american people I do not trade arm for hostage ... ~ my heart and my best intention still tell I that 's true , but the fact and the evidence tell I it be not ... int . michael 's live room - continuing Michael and colleen watch , as the kid wrestle . 209 reagan ( on tv ) as the Tower board report ... colleen quiet . reagan ( on tv ) what begin as a strategic open to Iran deteriorate , in its implementation , into trading arm for hostage ... int . maureen 's kitchenette ~ continuing Maureen with she husband , Dennis .. watch tv : reagan ( on tv ) this run counter to my own belief , to administration policy , and to the original strategy we have in mind ... int . patti 's live room — los angele - continuing patti 's so close to the tv , she can touch she father 's face with she finger . Paul watch from across the room . reagan ( on tv ) there be reason why it happen , but no excuse . it be a mistake ... patti ( whisper , over ) oh , daddy , daddy .. I '' so sorry .. I be so sorry , sorry , sorry .. int . reagan bedroom — night Reagan be asleep . Nancy be on the phone with Mike deaver , who 's in he kitchen : deaver : ( filter ) the figure just come in , Nancy .. his approval rating just jump 9 point . nine point . Nancy want to be relieved . but she 's not . - nancy thanks , Mike .. thank you so much ... 210 deaver all he 's get ‘to do be keep he chin up , and stick it out ..he 's go to be okay . and you be go to be okay , too . she 's too drain to answer . deaver you get some sleep , now . nancy you , too , Mike . she hang up , look over at Reagan . in he sleep , he reach out for she . she crawl into he arm . ext . white house - day a wintry day in Washington D.C. int . ballroom - east wing - white house - day super : '' last day in the white house : JANUARY , 1989 '' applause from the staffer who fill the room . Reagan be smile , sad . the presidency have take its toll . reagan there be no word that can properly tell you how bittersweet this day be ... he glance at Nancy , a few foot away . reagan I think both of we have be aware , every minute we be here .. that we be surround by you , by other who may not be here today ... and it could not have be do without you . and I like to think maybe it 's kind of close to what happen 200 year ago .. we be all revolutionary , and the revolution have be a success .. but there just be not any .. be not enough word to thank you for all that you have mean to we ... and how hard it be to say goodbye ..to all of you . the only thing that make it bearable at all , be to remember all that you do , and how .. how much of a team we do become . thank you .. and God bless you all . 211 applause . as he motion to Nancy to come forward , in the back of the room , the army band start to play '' auld lang syne '' . confusion , laughter . the music stop . nancy my husband say I should say something , but I will never get through it .. see ? tear be run down she face . all she can say be : nancy thank you . applause . the band start again : '' auld lang syne '' . everybody be hold hand , beginning to sing : reagan , nancy , staffer ( sing ) '' should auld acquaintance be forget and never bring to mind ... should auld acquaintance be forget and day of auld lang syne ... '' as the singing continue .. SOUND of a helicopter landing ... int . reagan 's sitting room - east wing - day Reagan stand in the sit room , beside the window , watch the helicopter land outside . the song echoe : reagan , nancy , staffer : vo ' for auld lang syne , my dear for auld lang syne ... we will drink a cup of kindness yet and day of auld lang syne ... '' the room be devoid of all personal possession . it look like a museum , which be what it be . nancy : oc be you ready ? I be almost finish in here .. just check a few thing ... int . reagan 's bedroom / bathroom - continuing everything have be pack . Nancy 's kneel beside the bed , look under it . nothing here . she go into the bathroom . check the medicine cabinet . nothing here . 212 nancy we have get to hurry . the bushes and the quayles will be downstairs , wait for we ... follow nancy thru the bedroom out to the sitting room she stop , see Reagan still stand beside the window ..a million mile away . as she go to he , he whisper : reagan how in the ever-love world do we get here ? nancy ~ it do not matter . we be go home . she take he in she arm . he turn to she , and begin to dance - slowly , awkwardly , stumble , stop . reagan what kind of dance be this ? I can not remember ... nancy it do not matter , darling . you lead . I x11 follow . he begin again . move in silence . she step neatly into he with every turn , follow he every move . music fade up . maybe it 's something from ciro ’s.. the first time they danced together . piece by piece , he put the dance together in he mind , and she follow . she be always a good dancer . she still be . the end 213 casi !