the hole by Mark L Smith October 15 , 2007 the hole black ... empty ... silent ... ...- for so long that we start to squirm . and then what sound like whisper rise all around we ... turn to a low rumble ... and the blackness suddenly brighten , as we realize the hole we be inside be the tailpipe of a old suv with New York plate , move away from we ... leave we on the pavement , as it turn into the driveway of a house ... a house just like all the other on this small town neighborhood street . except this one have a '' sold '' sign in the front yard . ext . payton house - day the suv park . dane payton , ( 17 ) , good -look kid despite the piss - off sneer , climb out of the passenger door , stare at the house as if he 's look at he own tomb . dane shit . luca payton , ( 10 ) , eye wide with excitement , scramble out of the back . luca dane just say shit . the boy 's Mom , susan , ( 40 ) , step out of the driver 's door . susan do not say shit , dane . the word flow without emotion ... like Susan 's say it a thousand time before . she wipe she hair from she pretty , but tired face . and it 's more than the long drive ... Susan 's be the face of a single mother chase two boy . dane you tell we it be not go to be that different than the last place . susan it will not be once we get we stuff move in . dane ( slapping he neck ) except for the bug , the heat , and the twelve-hundred mile walk to go hang out with my friend . susan you will make new friend . the bug and heat ... that be just a couple of the southern charm . Lucas grab the house key from Susan , and charge to the front door . luca I call biggest room . Susan follow after he . dane stand there alone ... stare ... gaze up and down this very quiet street . this be a world away from New York . dane shit. ext . payton house / front step - moment later Lucas be already inside . Susan 's pick up a '' welcome basket " from outside the door . susan that be nice of someone . dane approach , carry a suitcase and ipod . dane what , aunt bee bake we a pie ? Susan do not bother to respond ... do not matter , because dane be not wait around for she to ... he walk inside . int . payton house / upstair bedroom - day Lucas stand in the doorway of a large , empty bedroom . dane step in behind he . luca this be so much cooler than the old place . I can put my bed over there , and desk by the window . dane you can put you ass in that little room across the hall . dane grab a handful of Lucas 's shirt ... tug he out . luca that one smell like potato . dane hold you breath . Lucas try to push he way back into the room , but dane easily stop he . Lucas know the battle 's lose , so ... luca Mom , dane say ass ! susan ( 0.s. ) do not say ass , dane . dane slam the door ... slide down to the floor against it . this kid be miserable . int . payton house / live room - night no furniture yet ... just a few unpack cardboard box scattered about . dane sit on the floor , eat a slice of pizza out of the delivery box , and texting away on he cell phone . the thump of rap music tremor from he ipod . Lucas come bounce a basketball into the room . luca there 's a goal in the street . let 's go play . dane do not react ... just keep tapping he finger on the keypad . luca ( cont would ) dane . still nothing . so Lucas bounce the ball off the top of dane 's head . dane Son of a ... dane jerk he earbud out . dane ( cont have ) what 's you problem ? luca let 's play some ball . dane snatch the basketball ... toss it away ... it roll out of the room . dane have fun . Lucas watch dane go back to he music and phone , then turn ... stomp out ... pass Susan in the doorway . susan I ' 1l play with you , smooch . Lucas shake he head ... continue outside by himself . Susan slide down to the floor beside dane ... grab a slice of pizza , then tug dane 's earbud out of one ear . susan ( cont would ) it 's a change for Lucas too . dane he 's happy anywhere he 's get a room to watch spongebob or whatever . susan or for you to spend a little time with he . dane any more time and I have kill he . dane grab another slice and stand to leave . susan let 's be happy here , okay ? dane fake a big , pizza-stuffed smile , and walk out . ext . payton house - day move truck in the driveway . dane , Lucas and Susan join in with the mover , haul furniture and box into the house . dane pull a clown mask from a box ... slip it on , then lean around the truck for Lucas to see . Lucas cry out ... stumble back through the box ... fall to the yard . luca mom ! Susan snatch the mask off dane 's laugh face . susan why do you bring this ? dane ( off Lucas ) one guess . the little clown freak . luca shut up . dane ( mock ) Mom , Lucas just say shut up . Susan shove the mask in she pocket . susan you two be embarrassing yourselves in front of we new neighbor . dane and Lucas glance beside they , to julie campbell , ( 17 ) , southern small town avril lavigne , sit on she front porch , steal glance from the book in she lap . susan ( cont would ) ( playfully nudge dane ) beat old Mr. Hyatt hack up phlegm from next door , huh ? dane ignore Susan ... grab a box ... a big BOX , now that he 's get a audience . he start toward the house ... glance over and make eye contact with Julie . he nod , she smile ... the perfect start . until ... luca ( 0.s. ) hey , dane , where do you want I to put all you clay aiken ces ? dane 's face fall ... he spin around ... see Lucas grin . dane 's jaw clenches ... he fight the urge to drop the box , and go all '' big brother '' on Lucas . instead , he just nod to he ... we be not do here ... then continue inside without another glance to the smile Julie . susan ( laugh ) you be in trouble now . luca what 's new . Lucas load up ... start up the walkway , veer wide to avoid dane on he way back out . dane just glare at he . susan take that in the basement , okay , sweetie ? Lucas nod ... continue inside . dane why do you baby he so much ? susan what 's the matter , you jealous ? Susan playfully pinch dane 's cheek . dane pull away . susan ( cont would ) I use to baby you before you get too cool for I . but if you want ... Susan go after dane again . he dodge behind box . dane Mom . cut it out . God . susan ( toss a pillow at he ) what happen to my little boy ? dane glance over ... see that Julie be go . so he smack Susan over the head with the pillow ... there 's still a kid in there somewhere . int . payton house / basement - day Lucas flip on the light at the top of the stair ... barely enough light to see where he 's go , as he carry the box down the bare , scar , wooden step . he reach the cement floor basement ... all dust and shadow . Old tool and paint can rest on metal shelf ... box of dusty old notebook and journal be pile in the corner ... a rusty freezer chest sit along the wall . Lucas stand at the center of the room , nervously glance around . and then a faint knocking drift from the back shadow of the room . Lucas squint back toward the sound . luca dane ? the knocking stop ... the basement go quiet ... then scratching ... fingernails over wood ... and that 's more than enough for Lucas ... he drop the box , and spin for the stair ... and right into a hulking figure . Lucas cry out ... then realize it 's just one of the mover . mover you okay , buddy ? Lucas manage a nod , then throw a last glance across the basement before he tear up the step . ext . payton house - day dane carry more box up the front step . Lucas charge outside to he . luca have you be downstairs yet ? dane dude , look out , this crap 's heavy . luca I hear something in the basement . dane probably the ghost of the old lady that live here . Mom say she hang herself in that potato room you be sleepin’ in . Lucas 's eye go wide . dane move inside ... do not let Lucas see he smile . sometimes it 's fun to be the big brother . Lucas rush down the walk to Susan . luca what happen to the people that live here before we ? susan I do not know . just move someplace else I guess . luca dane say you tell he the lady hang herself in my room . Susan look at dane , walk back out of the house . he grin ... shrug . dane coulda happen . susan the only people get hang in that house be you two if you both do not cut it out . Susan carry a load of box past they to the house . dane laugh at Lucas , who give he a shove , and stomp off . ext . payton house - night the window be dark . no sign of movement . int . payton house / basement - night darker than dark ... just shape mix with shadow . int . payton house / luca 's room - night Lucas in bed ... but he can not sleep . he shift ... kick ... sniff the AIR of he potato room ... scowl ... pull the blanket up over he nose . and then ... voice ( 0.s. ) ( soft and gurgle ) Lucas . Lucas 's eye flash open . voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) help I , Lucas . Lucas be afraid to breathe ... finally roll slowly over ... ... and see the shape of a woman hanging in he OPEN closet doorway ... foot sway in the air . Lucas scream ... hit the light switch beside he bed ... .+. the room light up , and we all see dane , wear Susan 's long coat like a dress , and hang onto the top of the closet doorway with one hand ... swinging ... and now laughing ... hard . so hard that he drop to the floor . luca mom ! dane ( still laugh ) awesome scream , man ... like a little girl 's . Susan come racing into the room , half - asleep ... see Lucas in bed ... dane on the floor in she coat ... and she concern instantly turn to anger . she snap she finger at dane ... point to the hall . susan out . dane walk out , still laugh . susan ( cont would ) and hang my coat back up . Susan wave for Lucas . susan ( cont would ) come on . Lucas jump out of bed . int . payton house / susan 's room - night Susan asleep ... Lucas curl up beside she , safe and sound . int . payton house / kitchen - morning dane 's at the kitchen table , drowsily slurping up cereal . Lucas stand at the counter , gnaw on a still - freeze waffle straight out of the box . Susan hurry in , slip a sweater over she nursea uniform . susan okay , call I if there 's a problem , but I do not want any problem , so do not call I . I need this job to go well . dane we will be cool . susan promise I . both of you . luca promise . dane scout honor . susan ( kissing dane on the head ) you be not a scout . dane I think about it once though because of the cookie . luca ( laugh ) that be girl scout , loser . Susan kiss Lucas on the cheek . 10 . susan no pester you brother . luca good luck , Mom . susan thanks , sweetie . and you two spend some time together today . Susan hurry out the door . dane and Lucas just continue eat in silence . series of shot Lucas walk down the hall ... stop in dane 's doorway ... see he on he bed , listen to be ipod . Lucas keep walk . Lucas on he bedroom floor , play with the hamster . Lucas in the live room , play Xbox by himself . dane walk out of the kitchen , eat a sandwich ... pass Lucas without a word , as he enter to fix he own lunch . Lucas on he bed , toss a baseball up toward the ceiling , catch it in he glove ... toss it again . int . payton house / dane 's room - day dane stand at he window , peer outside . Lucas step into the doorway behind he , baseball glove still on . luca let 's go throw . dane busy . luca doin 's what ? dane do not answer . Lucas walk in ... look out the window ... and there 's Julie , sunbathing in she back yard . a seventeen year - old boy 's dream . but not a ten year - old 's . Lucas grab dane 's glove ... try to shove it into he hand . luca ( cont would ) c'mon , you can stare at she from outside . 11 . dane ( toss the glove away ) back off . I do not feel like it . luca you never feel like it . Lucas stomp out . dane do not even notice he 's go . ext . payton house / backyard - day the back door swing open , and here come Lucas stride out . int . payton house / dane 's room - day dane spot Lucas walk across the yard . Lucas throw a devious grin up at he as he walk toward Julie 's fence . panic wash over dane 's face ... he know that look . he tap the window , shaking he head at Lucas . dane do not do it . Lucas just keep grin ... and walk . ext . payton house / backyard - day Lucas reach the fence ... climb up enough to lean over . luca hey ! Julie raise up ... squint over at Lucas ... smile . julie hi . int . payton house / dane 's room - continuous dane drop down to the floor beneath the window . dane shit . he wait as long as he can , then slowly inch up ... peek back out the window ... ...to Lucas point straight up at he , and Julie shield she eye to get a better view of dane . 12 . dane drop back down to the floor like a corpse ... actually wish he be dead right now ... except he 's get one important thing to do first . so he charge out of the room . ext . payton house / backyard - day Lucas on the fence , in the middle of he chat with Julie . luca dane like it better in Brooklyn . he wish we have not move . but I ... suddenly the back door almost fly off its hinge as dane explode from the house ... race toward Lucas on the fence . luca ( cont would ) I gotta go . Lucas leap off the fence ... sprint around the side of the house , with dane in hot pursuit . luca ( cont would ) mom ! dane she 's not here to save you this time ! Lucas race to the side basement door ... barge inside ... try to close it before dane get there , but he 's too late ... bam ... dane slam the door open . Lucas dodge around the shelf ... throw a old fishing rod at dane as he run . dane ( cont would ) what 's you problem , dickhead ? luca you shoulda play with I ! dane climb over a old table to get to Lucas . Lucas back across the basement ... into a metal shelf , tipping it over . both boy freeze , as they watch the shelf tumble , spew box and paint can all over the place . a lamp shatter . they stare at the wreckage , the fight suddenly stripped out of they . dane Mom be gonna be piss at you . luca it be you fault . 13 . they start grab box and can ... clean the mess . dane lift one end of the metal shelf . dane get that other side . Lucas grip the other edge ... they tilt the shelf back upright . and when they do , they both see ... ... the wooden trapdoor in the cement basement floor . a two - foot square of scar wood , with two padlock on each side , secure it shut . luca what be that ? dane shake he head , no idea . he reach down ... give it a tug ... lock . luca ( cont would ) that 's a lotta lock . dane probably gas pipe or something . luca or a treasure maybe . dane roll he eye , then pull on the door again , just in case . no good . so he stand up ... start search the area . dane look for the key . Lucas dig over the shelf . dane spot a pair of pruning shear ... strain to cut through one of the lock . not even close . he toss they away ... jerk on the trap door again . luca they be not down here . Lucas step back toward dane , accidentally kick one of the fallen paint can as he move ... and we all hear the jingle of metal from inside the can as it roll . dane and Lucas look at each other , then scramble after the can . dane grab it first ... jerk out a ring of keys . they exchange a grin , and dane go to work on the lock ... search and match each key to its own lock ... snap they open one by one , until they be all clear . the boy stare down at the trap door . 14 . luca ( cont would ) if there 's treasure , I get half . they grip the handle together ... Lucas 's little hand right beside dane 's larger ... pull the wooden door back on its hinge ... ... revealing nothing but a solid black hole . and this be not just a shallow niche in the floor ... this be deep ... solid black ... like stare into a hole in the universe . luca ( cont would ) it 's just a hole . dane peer into the blackness , try to get a better view . he reach he hand in just a few inch , but the darkness swallow it like a black mouth . he jerk it back out . dane it 's cold . dane glance around the basement ... spot a flashlight ... grab it , and switch it on . he crawl back to the hole ... shine the light down . but again , the darkness overpower the beam ... choke the life from it only a few foot down . luca how deep do you think it be ? dane lift a fall nail from the floor beside they ... drop it in . the nail sink into the black ... go ... not a sound . the boy exchange a glance . Lucas crawl over the open trap door , drag a paint can back across ... ... without noticing all the scratch clawe along the inside of the wooden door . Lucas hold the can above the hole until dane give he a nod ... he drop it ... the can fall ... disappear . they wait for the clank that never come . dane maybe it 's a real deep tunnel . luca to where ? 15 . dane shake he head ... no idea . dane aim the flashlight again ... they each lean they head directly over the hole . CUT to : Pov from inside the hole ... .»..on the brother 's face peer in from opposite side ... head join at the top . dane there 's gotta be a bottom . luca hello ! CUT to : the boy - rising back away from the hole ... »+.asS a grin spread across Lucas 's face . dane what ? CUT to : a talking southpark cartman doll ... ...- the flashlight duct - tape around it , with a long string tie around he neck like a hangman 's noose . dane and Lucas kneel beside the hole . Lucas hold the string , ease cartman and the flashlight into the darkness . cartman ( v.o. ) screw you guy , I be go home ! the string slide over Lucas 's finger ... cartman and the light descend further ... a few foot down . cartman ( v.o. ) ( cont have ) I would never let a woman kick my ass . if she try anything , I would be like ... and then the black just swallow cartman , he voice , the light ... everything just vanish . Lucas quickly pull the string , and the doll and flashlight appear from the darkness . 16 . cartman ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) ...- back in the kitchen and make I some pie ! dane and Lucas exchange a smile . Lucas drop cartman again . cartman ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) yes , the fireman be very magical . if you ... then cartman 's go again . luca how do it do that ? dane just shake he head . then suddenly , Lucas 's hand jerk ... the string tug ... hard ... like a fish just hit a bait hook . dane what have you do ? luca nothin’ . I think it get catch on something . Lucas wind the string back up ... just a fray end . cartman and the light be go . julie ( 0.s. ) so you two do not kill each other ? Lucas and dane shoot up , startle by the voice ... see Julie in the basement door , a long t-shirt that read , '' I be not a Fairy - Tale princess . get over it " , hang over she bikini . dane stand up ... step between Julie and the hole . dane not yet . luca she 's Julie . dane nod hello . julie and you be dane . the one that hate it here . dane shoot Lucas a glare . luca do you wanna look at we hole ? 17 . julie I be sorry ? dane shoot Lucas a look ... idiot . dane nothin’ . there 's just a hole in the floor . julie and that 's what people do for fun in Brooklyn ? Julie walk around dane toward Lucas . julie ( cont would ) play around with they hole ? but then Julie see the hole , and this be obviously not a normal hole . julie ( cont would ) what be that ? luca ( proudly ) we hole . dane close the basement door . dane we be not sure what it be . Julie squint into the bottom . Lucas pull another flashlight from a box ... hand it to Julie . she shine the flashlight into the black . luca we can not see the bottom . Julie stick one of she bare foot down into the darkness , but dane grab she . dane I would not do that . julie it 's just a crawlspace or something . but then Lucas roll another paint can into the hole ... Julie watch it vanish without a sound . 18 . julie ( cont would ) that 's really weird . dane yeah . dane glance around the basement ... spot the old fishing rod . he lift it ... stretch out the lure - end line ... knot it around the metal handle of another paint can , then hold the can over the hole . Lucas and Julie watch intently , as dane release the reel clasp ... the can drop ... the line whizhes out ... the reel spin like a motor , faster and faster ... the fishing line unwind at a dizzying pace ... grow thin and thin on the spool ... . -- and dane , Lucas and Julie be all just watch the reel spin ... the line pull , as the weight can drag it out ... until finally , the last of the fishing line unravel from the spool ... disappear into the hole . julie o-kay . Lucas have a smile spread across he face . luca this be so cool . julie maybe it 's one of that sinkholes ... like in California or wherever when the street open up and the car drop into they . dane ( think of something ) hang on . dane take off for the stair . Lucas and Julie look back to the hole ... exchange a glance , then race after he . luca wait up , dane ! int . payton house / basement - later angle on the viewfinder of a video camera ... ... with Julie 's face fill the frame . 19 . julie ( v.o. ) be it work ? and then we see dane hold the camera . there 's a rope tie around it . he switch on the camera light , then gently lower the camera down into the depth . and just like with everything else , the blackness swallow the camera . dane let the rope slip across he finger ... ease the camera deeper ... deeper ... until finally , he stop ... hold it secure . julie ( cont would ) what do you think you be gonna see ? dane whatever 's down there . dane slowly twist the rope , turn the camera in a circle . julie there 's nothing down there . it 's a hole . dane maybe it 's like a underground tomb ... the catacomb or something . julie the catacomb of bensonville . I doubt it . luca I say it 's a treasure . dane twist and pull the rope , work to get every angle with the camera . julie that 's good . let 's go watch it . see what the inside of a hole look like . dane nod ... pull the rope up , until the camera reappear out of the hole . he slam the trap door close , and they charge up the stair . 20 . int . payton house / live room - day dane , Lucas and Julie be all squatted on the floor in front of the television , stare at the black screen . dane 's get the video camera in he lap ... the cable run to the tv . julie I tell you . there 's nothing down there . it 's just a hole . dane a hole with no bottom in the basement of a house . how do that make sense ? and why be there a buncha lock on it ? luca to keep kid like we from fallin’ in ? Julie nod to dane . but then a whisp of movement on the screen . dane do you see that ? dane rewind the video ... replay it ... a blurred shape flash past . dane ( cont have ) right there . dane rewind ... play ... pause on the dim mass . dane ( cont have ) that 's something . julie and anything . Light come through a crack in the wall . the front door open behind they ... Susan 's home . the kid all jump to they foot , spin to she ... .-. and don ’t see the dim image of a human face appear on the screen , its mouth stretched OPEN inhumanly wide . susan hey , guy . dane hi , Mom . we be just watch tv. 21 . behind the kid , the onscreen face seem to turn toward the voice ... stare out at they . susan ( off the image ) yeah . what be that ? the face drift out of view , before dane spin back to turn it off ... only blackness again . dane some stupid show . we be get ready to turn it off . and this be Julie ... from next door . julie hi. susan hey , Julie . ( hold up a bag ) I bring plenty of chinese if you be hungry . julie thank you , but I better go . my mom 's probably look for I . ( to dane ) I will see you later . dane yeah ... cool . Julie start for the door . julie ( to Susan ) it be nice meeting you . susan you too , Julie . Julie leave . Susan start for the kitchen . susan ( cont would ) so what do you guy do all day ? luca we find this sweet ... dane throw he hand over Lucas 's mouth ... shake he head . dane just hang out . how be the new job ? 22 . susan good . Susan throw a shocked look back at dane . susan ( cont would ) do you really just ask a question about my life ? wow ... a couple day in the South , and look how polite you be . dane fake a laugh ... they continue into the kitchen . int . payton house / basement - day tight on the trap door ... the lock rest beside it . then the door begins to inch slowly OPEN . int . payton house / dane 's room - night dane in bed , eye close ... look asleep , but ... luca ( 0.s. ) we could get a ladder and climb down . ... there 's Lucas sprawle under a blanket on the floor , wide awake ... excited . dane there 's no ladder that long . luca like one of that fire truck ladder . or we tie a rope around somebody ... drop ‘em down there . dane we be not droppin 's anybody in the hole , dude . now go to sleep . ( beat ) and remember , do not tell Mom . it will just freak she out , and she will not let we figure out what it be . luca what if the guy that live here before be a bank robber , and he hide like a hundred million dollar down there . we could get it ... buy whatever we want . 23. dane ( exhaust ) dude ... shut up . luca Mom would not have to work anymore . we could move back to we old house . dane 's eye suddenly open ... that do sound good . dane we 'il check it out again tomorrow . now go to sleep or go back to you own room . Lucas close he eye ... smile at all the possibility bounce around in he head . int . julie' house / julie 's room - night Julie 's propped up in she bed , listen to she ipod as she read . and we can hear the music too ... until Julie 's lamp flicker off ... she music go silent . Julie glance around ... flick the lamp switch ... tap the ipod ... nothing . and then somewhere , a little girl giggle . Julie 's eye scan the room ... then from below her ... little girl ( 0.s. ) you can not find I . Julie stop breathe ... sit there freeze ... just she eye roll down to the edge of the bed ... toward the floor . she hold back as long as she can , then lean over . CUT to : julie' Pov ... .-- glide over the edge of the bed ... to the floor ... empty . julie slowly leans further ... she head almost touch the ground as she stretch to see under the bed ... closer ... closer ... the shadowy box and dirty clothes come into view ... ...- when julie' ipod suddenly blast back on . Julie jerk with a start ... roll off the bed ... hit the floor with a thud ... the lamp flicker back on ... 24 . -..and Julie see there 's no one under she bed . she roll she eye , almost embarrassed , then climb back up . ext . payton house - day Susan , dress for work , walk toward she car . dane and Lucas stand at the front door , wave goodbye , and itching to get she out of here so they can slam the door shut , and get down to the hole . susan if there 's a problem , the hospital number 's by the phone . dane but you do not want any problem . get it . susan and there 's plenty of food in the fridge . make sure you eat some fruit . no more cool whip and chocolate sauce . luca you tell we that already . dane five time . Susan start to climb in ... the boy start to shut the door ... until Susan step back out again . susan and be nice to each other . dane and luca promise ! Susan wave again ... finally back out of the drive ... pull away . the boy stand wave until she disappear , then wham ... the door slam shut . int . payton house / live room - day Lucas and dane rush around the room , grab rope ... a extra flashlight . and then dane freeze ... because Julie be stand at the back door in she bikini , wave in at he . she crack the door , and lean in . 25 . julie some people be hangin 's out at my place , if you wanna come over ? ( off dane 's rope and flashlight ) unless you have get hole business . dane 's freeze ... except for he eye , bounce from Julie and she bikini to Lucas , already at the basement door , violently shaking he head . dane ( to Lucas ) dude . ext . payton house / backyard - day dane trot out the back door toward Julie 's , wear short , with a towel toss over he shoulder . Lucas stand at the door , ready to explode . dane that hole 's not go anywhere . luca neither be she . dane can not take the chance . and do not go down there till I get back . Lucas watch dane jump the fence into Julie 's yard ... join a group of other teens . and Lucas be leave alone ... again . he walk back into the house ... slam the door shut . int . payton house / basement - day from the bottom of the step , we watch as the basement door drift open ... and there 's Lucas fill the doorway . he stare down the step , decide whether to descend or not ... finally do , pull the door close behind he . int . payton house / basement - later Lucas fit the key into the lock ... pop they open ... lay they off to the side . he grab the handle of the trap door ... hesitates a beat before he lift it , pull the square of wood back ... revealing that coal black hole . CUT to : 26 . ext . julie' house / pool - day kid splash and play . dane and Julie try to dunk each other under water . CUT to : int . payton house / basement - day Lucas prop a hand against the edge , and lean directly out over the hole ... gaze down into the emptiness , then let a thick gob of spit fall from he lip . it hit the black and immediately vanish . CUT to : Pov from down inside the hole ... .-- look back up at Lucas . CUT to : ext . julie' house / pool - day the party 's still rock . dane and Julie lie side by side on blanket , soaking up the ray . CUT to : int . payton house / basement - day Lucas slide down to he stomach ... nervously reach he hand into the darkness of the hole . he sense something and pull it back out , then build up he nerve again ... stretch deeper ... deeper ... CUT to : Pov from deep down inside the hole ... .+.. as Lucas 's hand reach down toward we . we Pov start glide up ... float toward Lucas and he hand . CUT to : 27 . luca ... ... reach down as far as he can into the hole ... just as the upstair door swing OPEN . dane ( 0.s. ) hey , mucas ! Lucas jerk he arm up in a panic ... grab the trap door , and ease it back shut . dane ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) you down there ? Lucas dart toward the outside basement door ... ease it open , and slip out ... just as dane move a few step down the stair ... peer into the empty basement ... see the close trap door ... walk back up the stair . int . payton house / live room - day dane rise from the basement , just as Lucas stroll in the front door . dane where have you be ? luca outside ... playin’ basketball . dane well c’mon , we be gonna go grab some ice cream . Lucas see Julie wait at the back door . luca what about the hole ? dane we 'il check it out when we get back . hurry up . Lucas grunt ... follow dane outside . ext . ice cream shop - day dane and Julie sit at a table , laugh together as they work on a couple double dip cone . a few table away , Lucas sit alone , let he ice cream melt in the sun , as he draw a picture on a napkin ... 28 . of dane and Julie , with goofy , oversize lip pucker against each other , and a giant-head monster stand over they , mouth gape , ready to swallow they both . as dane laugh , he glance past Julie ... spot something in the distance ... a figure ... too far away to recognize , but he seem to be just watch they . dane 's smile fade . Julie notice it . julie what be it ? dane snap out of he stare ... look at Julie and shake he head ... then squint back toward the figure ... gone . dane nothing . ext . payton house / backyard - evening Lucas charge through the fence from Julie 's house , with dane walk behind he . luca hurry ! we can mess with it some more before Mom get home . dane just keep stride behind he . int . payton house / live room - evening Lucas race inside ... see Susan read on the couch . susan hey , smooch . Lucas 's shoulder fall . Susan walk to he . susan ( cont would ) do not act so excited to see I . dane enter , as Susan plant a kiss on Lucas 's cheek ... with Lucas glaring up at dane . dane shrug . susan ( cont would ) what happen to you two ? luca dane make I go get ice cream so he could flirt with he new girlfriend . 29 . dane we just hang out with Julie for a little while . luca all day . Lucas walk for the stair ... give the basement door a kick as he go past . susan I grab a pizza if you be hungry ? luca I be not . Lucas just disappear up the stair . susan what 's the matter with he ? dane I do not know . tire I guess . int . payton house / luca 's room - evening Lucas fall onto he bed ... grab a handheld video game ... start tapping the button . ext . payton house - night Dark and quiet . int . payton house / luca 's room - night Lucas still dress , asleep on the bed , video game still in he hand . int . payton house / dane 's room - night dane sleep ... until ... man' voice ( v.o . ) ( whisper ) Boy ... dane 's eye flash open ... dart around . dane lucas. 30 . dane glance around the room ... he eye drift to the closet ... the door stand open , revealing all that darkness inside . dane stare at it a beat , then stand ... walk over and close the door . CUT to : Pov from the hall ... .»» - on dane inside the room , push the closet door close ... as the figure of a man pass down the hall ... and dane never see he . dane walk away from the closet door ... toward the hall ... step out , and we be just wait for whoever that be to grab dane ... but nothing happen . and dane move halfway down the down the hall ... into the bathroom ... to the sink ... turn on the water , and stick he head under to gulp it back . he twist the faucet back off ... the house be eerily silent . dane walk back out into the hall ... down the hallway to he room ... and again we be just wait for that man to leap from the shadow ... but no . and dane move back into the room . int . payton house / dane 's room - continuous dane climb back into he bed ... get comfortable ... then sees something ... «.. the closet door be OPEN again . dane stare at it , confuse ... even a little nervous . he stare at that deep , dark rectangle of black emptiness stare back at he ... hide everything it hold . dane Lucas . I know you be in there . dane rise out from under the blanket ... ease toward the closet ... nearer ... closer ... almost there , as he reach out for the door ... get he hand on it to slam it back close , then ... ... sees the two filthy bare feet half -hidden under clothes . dane 's eye shoot up ... to the shadowy face peering out from behind some hanging shirt . 31 . dane ( cont have ) shit ! he slam the door ... scramble back , grab a baseball bat from the floor , and flipping on the light . he stare at the closet , heart racing . suddenly Lucas step in from the hall . luca what be you doin 's ? dane jump with a start ... almost go all Barry bond on Lucas . dane there 's somebody in my closet . now Lucas be scared . but dane feel brave with Lucas there ... lean to the door ... to the handle . luca maybe you should not do that . but dane be do that . he grab the handle ... pull the closet door open ... .-- and with the light on , we can all see there 's nothing but a derek jeter cardboard standee peer from behind the clothes . Lucas snort with laughter ... love finally see dane scared . luca ( cont would ) ( snort with laughter ) Nice call . if you be too scared , I ' 1ll ask he for a autograph for you . Lucas laugh he way out of the room ... leave dane alone ... confuse . he reach over ... flip off the bedroom light ... look back at the cardboard face ... maybe it be just dark . dane close the door ... slide a chair over under the handle to keep it close , then back he way into bed . he lie there ... stare at that closet door . int . payton house / luca 's room - day Lucas be dress in a collare shirt , tuck into jeans , as Susan hover over he , quickly brush he hair . Lucas be not happy . 32 . luca why do I have to do it today ? susan because today 's registration at you school , and because I change my shift at the hospital to do it . now hold still , we be late . Susan secure Lucas 's chin to get a better grip . dane step into the room , in short and t-shirt , flipping he phone close . luca why do not dane have to go ? dane because I be in a school where they do not make you take nap and drink out of sippy cup . luca neither do we , dickhead . susan hey ! ( to dane ) I know he do not learn that one from spongebob . ( back to Lucas ) and dane 's not go because he registration be next week . ( to dane ) what be you do this morning , besides try to cause trouble ? dane Julie 's gonna show I around this ghost town . we be gonna try to see everything there be in less than ten minute . susan just be back here by four . I have to work tonight . Susan walk past dane , kissing he on the head as she pass . Lucas follow she , and dane grab he arm ... wait for Susan to move out of range , then ... dane ( whisper ) do not say anything to Mom about last night . 33 . Lucas pull away from dane . luca who 's the baby now ? dane make a move for Lucas , but he hurry after Susan . int . payton house / entry - day Susan open the door to leave , and there 's Julie , just about to ring the bell . susan oh , hey , Julie . julie hi , Mrs. payton . susan we be on we way out , but dane 's upstairs . ( yell back ) dane , Julie 's here . ( to Julie ) you guy have fun . dane come walk down the stair behind they , slip on he shoe . ext . payton house - day Susan shove Lucas into the car , wave back to dane and Julie at the front door . susan four o'clock . do not be late . dane wave ... get it . they watch Susan pull away ... and Lucas hang out the window . luca watch out for derek jeter ! Lucas duck back in , laugh . julie what 's that mean ? dane nothing . he 's a idiot . you ready ? 34 . julie bensonville , here we come . they walk toward the street . ext . bensonville / MAIN -street -— day mayberry with a facelift . dane and Julie walk down the sidewalk . julie so do you guy get all move in ? dane unfortunately . julie what , you have rather be back in New Jersey or wherever ? dane it be Brooklyn actually . Philadelphia , Boston and queen before that . maybe Jersey be in there somewhere . julie so do you even bother to unpack the box ? dane every time . my Mom 's always sure the next move be the last one . julie she seem nice . dane she 's cool , I guess . she 's a nurse over at the hospital . julie what about you dad ? dane not so cool . ( beat ) he 's be lock up since Lucas be a baby ... be suppose to get out soon . I be just a little kid back then , so I be not worried about he anymore . but my mom 's not real anxious for a reunion . ( more ) 35 . dane ( cont would ) she will not admit it , but I think that 's why we keep do the move thing . julie bensonville 's a great place to hide out . he can not look someplace nobody even know exist . and it really be not that bad here . I mean school suck , but it probably suck in Brooklyn too , right ? dane pretty much . dane notice a couple girl stare at they from across the street . julie you guy be like celebrity around here . most people move out of bensonville , not into it . dane great . julie plus you move into freaky Franklin 's house . ( off dane 's look ) the guy that live there before you ... ethan Franklin . he be like crazy or something . they end up drag he off to the psycho hospital or something . dane ( roll he eye ) Home sweet home . int . payton house / entry - day Lucas charge through the front door . luca dane ! ( off the silence ) dane ! Susan walk in behind he . 36 . susan he 's probably still out with Julie . he 'il be home soon . Lucas hurry up the stair . int . payton house / hallway - day Lucas run to dane 's doorway ... look in ... empty . his body slump . int . payton house / live room - day Lucas be on the floor play xbox . Susan be behind he on the phone . susan no , I say to be home by four , not start home then . just hurry . Susan hang up ... bend down to kiss Lucas on the head . susan ( cont would ) I have get to get to work , but dane 's on he way . call I if he be not here in fifteen minute . Lucas nod without look away from the screen . susan ( cont would ) I love you , sweetie . luca ( in he video game drine ) Love you too . Susan hustle for the door . susan and do not stay up too late . i’11 come check on you when I get home . Lucas just nod as he continue play , do not even notice Susan walk out , as he finger dance over the button , until he futuristic soldier die a bloody alien death onscreen . Lucas toss the controller away ... turn the game off . he glance around , already bored . he pull himself up ... start for the stair . 37 . int . payton house / luca 's room - day Lucas enter ... grab he pad and pencil , then notice the clown marionette propped up on he pillow . it 's almost human look ... round face poke out from under the long , red and gold , bell hat . it 's paint eye stare at Lucas . Lucas return the stare , nervous at first , then realize how it get there ... dane . he throw a angry glare back out into the hall , and grab the clown by the arm ... jerk it off the bed , drag it out the door . the clown 's bell jingle against the floor . int . payton house / dane 's room - day Lucas shove the marionette under dane 's sheet ... pull they back to get the full effect of the reveal , then snicker at he little trick . he toss the cover back over the clown , start out , then stop ... see the video camera on the floor . int . payton house / basement - day Dark ... quiet ... until the flick of the light switch cast a dim glow over the room . Lucas move down the step , carry the camera . he walk past the rusty freezer chest ... the shelf of tool ... to the trap door . he pull the trap door open , fold it back onto the floor ... . -- and there 's that hole , so black it almost glow . Lucas crouch down beside it . luca ( into hole ) hello ! he wait for he echo , but the hole swallow it , just like it do everything else . Lucas grab the flashlight from the floor ... aim the beam into the center of the black ... still do not help . and then a jingle ... but it 's not come from the hole , it 's come from the back corner of the basement . Lucas 's head shoot up ... he squint into the shadow ... raise the flashlight ... .-». the circle of light rise up the floor ... to the clown marionette sit in the corner of the basement , stare back at Lucas . 38 . Lucas freeze ... except for he heart , which be about to beat right out of he chest . he stare back at the clown , want to run , but also afraid to look away ... .»+. soo Lucas and the clown just hold they gaze on each other ... like a bizarre stare contest ... eye lock ... neither flinching ... -..until the clown blink . Lucas fly backward ... drop the flashlight ... it hit the cement floor and roll into the hole ... disappear . then here come that clown ... crawling out of the shadow on all four , like some invisible puppeteer be control its limb . the basement be fill with the tinkling bell . Lucas cry out ... scramble to he foot ... throw another glance to the marionette ... crawl fast ... too fast . Lucas take off ... charge for the step ... race up ... stumble ... slam ... fall ... do not want to look back , but we can all hear that bell growing louder , so Lucas do look ... just in time to see the clown start up the step after he like some kind of horrible insect . Lucas scream ... crawl up the rest of the stair ... fight with the door handle enough to make we think he might not get out , as the marionette scurries up behind he . but then Lucas do get it open ... he dive out . int . payton house / live room - continuous Lucas slam the door close , just as the clown reach the top step . he take a step back ... eye the silent door ... then watch the doorknob begin to turn . Lucas throw he weight against the door , press it shut . suddenly a hand drop onto luca 's shoulder . Lucas scream ... spin ... right into dane . Lucas dive against dane , hugging he ... slide back around behind he . dane what 's wrong with you ? luca it come after I . dane what ? 39 . luca that clown doll ... the one you try to scare I with . it 's try to get up here . dane 's too confuse to even ask , so he reach for the door . luca ( cont would ) wait ! too late ... dane have it swing open ... and there 's no clown . Lucas peek out around dane 's body ... squint down the step . luca ( cont would ) it be right there . it chase I . dane a doll chase you . luca ( nod furiously ) the one you put in my bed . dane I do not know what you be talkin’ about , but I do not put any clown in you bed . I might have if I think about it , but I do not . luca it be there . dane on the step . luca in my bed , then I put it in you bed to scare you , then it be downstairs . dane okay , you know what , there 's all kind of weird crap goin 's on in there ... ( tap Lucas 's head ) ... that I do not even wanna know about , so whatever . the clown 's go , so we be cool . luca it 's still down there somewhere ! 40. Lucas 's head 's about to explode , so dane just groans ... start down the step . int . payton house / basement - continuous Lucas hang onto the back of dane 's shirt , as they descend into the basement . they move across the room , with Lucas hold on ... spin around for any sneak attack from the rear . then dane see the open trap door . dane you be not suppose to keep mess with that . luca and you be suppose to be home before Mom leave . dane glance around ... squint into the shadow . dane well there 's no clown , so can we go back up ? Lucas point into the dark corner . luca it be over there . Lucas shove dane toward the corner ... follow right behind , not let loose of that handful of shirt . they reach the wall ... still nothing . dane maybe it 's one of that man-eate , invisible clown doll . and then a thump ... scrape from behind they . they turn ... see a little girl , ( 7 ) , sitting at the bottom of the step . her back be to they , as she bounce a small ball ... thump ... scoops up several jack ... scrape . he long blonde hair hang down over she pink party dress . dane ( cont have ) who the hell 's that ? Lucas just shake he head . dane ( cont have ) ( to the little girl ) hey ! 41 . no answer ... just thump ... scrape . dane suddenly look a little nervous . dane ( cont have ) be she one of you little friend ? luca no . dane watch she drop the ball again ... thump ... scrape ... then start toward she . dane Little girl . the girl do not glance back ... do not even alter she rhythm ... just keep play that jack ... thump ... scrape ... thump ... scrape . dane and Lucas move closer to she back ... closer ... closer ... until they be stand right over the little girl , as she stare down , play . dane ( cont have ) be you lose or something ? and then the little girl pick up the last of the jack ... scrape ... then slowly look up at the boy ... and she face be so pale it 's almost blue ... she eye be solid black , and it 's like she be crying tear of blood . little girl I do not want to die . dane scramble backward , drag Lucas with he . they both back against the wall ... watch the little girl stand ... walk slowly up the step . luca dane ? dane 's too scared to answer ... just watch she disappear through the doorway . then he move to the bottom of the step ... stretch to see if she 's still there ... she be not . so the brother start up . luca ( cont would ) why do not we just stay down here ? dane keep move up ... so Lucas do too . int . payton house / live room - day 42 . dane and Lucas lean in the doorway ... glance around ... no sign of the little girl . dane hey ! nothing . so dane build up the nerve to step through . they glance around ... see the front door cracked OPEN . luca do you close that when you come home ? dane I do not remember . the brother move as one toward the door . ext . payton house - continuous dane and Lucas step outside ... glance up and down the street . she be not out here either . but Julie be , read a magazine on she front porch . dane you do not see a little girl out here do you ? luca with blood drip out of she eye ? dane elbow Lucas ... shut up . julie what ? dane she have this makeup or something on she face . julie do you know she ? dane shake he head . Julie toss the magazine , and skip off the porch . julie ( cont would ) and she be in you house ? 43 . luca play jack down in the basement . julie jack ? ( off they nod ) maybe she know that other guy ... think he still live here . dane yeah . maybe . Julie reach they . julie do you ask she ? luca ( nod ) she say she do not want to die . dane ( to Lucas ) you do not have to answer every question . julie that she do not want to die ? dane that 's what it sound like . it be hard to hear . and then Julie see something beyond the boy . julie be that she ? dane and Lucas spin ... in time to see the back of the little girl as she walk down the basement step . dane take off after she , with Lucas and Julie right behind . dane hey , little girl ! int . payton house / basement - day the kid stampede down the step ... reach the bottom ... just in time to see ... ... the little girl crawling on her stomach into the hole ... her legs disappearing just before the trap door slam shut . 44 , dane , Lucas and Julie can not move ... can barely remember to breathe ... just stare at that trap door . finally , they ease toward it ... reach the trap door , exchange a '' should we '' glance before dane grab the handle ... pull it back open ... ... and there 's that deep , dark , empty hole . luca Close it , dane . dane just keep gaze down into the black . dane hello ? no answer . luca dane ... please . dane she 's gotta be down there . julie dane . luca Close it ! Lucas tear the trap door loose from dane 's grip ... slam it shut . dane we all see that , right ? julie if you be talk about the freaky little girl that just crawle into a bottomless pit under you house ... yeah . dane consider the sound of that ... stare down at the trap door , then look to Lucas . dane what have you do with the lock ? luca I leave they right there . dane well they be not here now . 45 . they do a quick search ... no luck . luca maybe she take they . julie why would she have take lock ? dane so we could not keep she down there anymore . they exchange another creepe - out glance . luca or maybe it be not she that take they . maybe it be the man last night ... or the clown . julie hang on . what man ... what clown ? dane nothin’. ( beat ) what kinda hole be this ? CUT to : int . payton house / basement - later and dane , Lucas and Julie sit at the bottom of the step , they back against the wall , stare at that hole . Lucas be between dane and Julie , wear a catcher 's mask and hold dane 's baseball bat . dane have a paintball helmet on , with the paintball gun across he lap , and Julie hold a kitchen knife in one hand and point meat thermometer in the other . julie it 's the gateway to hell . like a secret passage for dead people . luca why would that little girl be ... ( think of a way to say hell ) ... down there ? dane do you check out that eye ? Black ... drip blood . and she do look completely dead . 46 . julie it 's a gateway to hell . luca doll do not go to ... Lucas mouth the word to dane without actually say it . dane maybe the guy that own the doll be like some puppet master serial killer ... he go , the clown go too . Package deal . luca could be a wormhole . julie a what ? luca like a door between different universe . dane it 's not a wormhole . and you need to stop read so much . you be turnin’ into a little geek . the o.s. doorbell ring upstairs . they all give a little jump . then ... dane ( cont have ) pizza guy . dane shove some bill into Lucas 's palm . Lucas throw they back . luca I be not go up there . dane look to Julie ... she shake she head . dane roll he eye ... throw a glance up the stair , then take off , gun ready to fire . Lucas and Julie keep they eye lock on that hole ... until Lucas glance to the meat thermometer . luca ( cont would ) I wonder what temperature that little girl be . she look cold . 47 . ext . payton house - night the pizza guy stand at the front door . the door swing open , and there 's dane , in full paintball gear . the pizza guy just look he . dane make a quick exchange ... cash for pizza . dane thanks , dude . and just like that , the door swing shut in the pizza guy 's face . he stand there a beat before walk back to he car . int . payton house / basement - night dane hurry back down the step with the pizza . dane anything ? Lucas and Julie shake they head ... grab a slice each . luca when 's Mom get home ? dane not till midnight . luca we should have call she . dane it would just freak she out . and if she find out about this , she would have we pack up tonight . luca okay with I . and that 's what you want too . dane do not answer ... he eye dart a quick glance to Julie ... he 's not so sure anymore . dane let 's figure out what we have get before we tell she anything . julie I know what you have get . you have get a gateway to hell under you house . ( take another bite ) and that 's really cool . 48 . ext . neighborhood - night the house be all dark . the street be quiet . a breeze whisper through the tree . ext . julie 's house / pool - night the wind blow a inflatable ball off the pool ... it do the lonely bounce over the yard ... wedge against the fence lead to the payton house . int . payton house / basement - night angle on the three kide ... still armed to the tooth , but now SOUND asleep at the bottom of the step . dane 's slump over with Lucas lean against he , and Julie 's head on Lucas 's shoulder . a figure shadow float over they ... just hover there , until Lucas 's eye blink open ... he look up ... scream ... . -- and the other fly up , wide awake , weapon ready . and in a survival reflex , dane squeezy the trigger ... pop ... ..- before any of they realize it 's susan stand over they ... stare down , totally baffle . the orange paintball stain drip down from the ceiling beside she head . susan I would not understand anyway , right ? dane and Lucas shake they head . Susan throw a glance up at the orange dot , then start up the step ... never notice the open hole across the room . susan ( cont would ) come up when you be finish . they wait for she to walk out the door , then ... luca whatta we do now ? dane ( off the hole ) lock it up for the night . julie you lose the lock , remember ? 49 . dane walk to the hole ... pull the trap door close , then glance around the basement until he eye settle on the rusty old chest freezer . CUT to : int . payton house / basement - later and the kid push the massive box on top of the trap door . and this thing must weigh a ton because they be use every ounce of strength they have to inch it across the floor until it 's rest squarely on top of the trap door . Julie hand dane the knife and meat thermometer . julie do not explore anymore without I . Julie start out the door ... throw a glance back to dane . julie ( cont would ) this be fun . then she 's go , and dane 's leave with Lucas stare at he , lip pucker , make kissing noise . dane just shove Lucas away . the boy walk up the step , Lucas make sure he 's in front . they reach the top of the stair ... click ... the basement go dark , except for the moonlight through the window , make the old metal freezer almost glow . ext . neighborhood - morning Bright and sunny . jogger and dog-walker make they way along the street and sidewalk . Susan walk out of the house ... climb into she car , back out of the drive . she pull away , waving to julie on her porch , as she leave . Julie watch for Susan to disappear around the corner , then leap off she porch ... sprint across the yard . int . payton house / live room - morning Julie charge through the door ... and there be dane and Lucas stand at the close basement door , wait for she . 50 . julie I do not think she be ever leave for work . they throw open the door ... charge down . int . payton house / basement - morning dane , Lucas and Julie stampede down the step ... reach the bottom and freeze ... ... because the chest freezer be stand on its end against the wall , like it be just toss there ... and the trap door sit uncover . they all just stare at it , until ... luca maybe Mom do it . dane like she could just roll that thing around . julie maybe it be Satan tired of you block he gateway to hell . luca ( nod ) I bet Satan 's strong . dane ( shake he head ) so he move a old freezer , but can not figure out how to get a few lock off ? I have expect more skill outta a guy with lucifer 's rep . julie well somebody move it . dane walk over to the freezer ... give it a shove ... the metal box just rock a few inch , but enough that ... ...a crushed Beer can tumble off to the floor beside dane 's foot . dane stare at the can a second , then reach down ... pick up the can ... sniff the top . julie ( cont would ) you guy have a party down here last night ? 51 . dane shake he head . luca I bet Satan drink a lot too . dane you say the dude that use to live here ... that they take he to some psycho place . ( off Julie 's nod ) be he lock up ? julie I do not know . dane where do they keep he ? julie the old hospital west of town . dane let 's go see if we can ask he some question . luca ( point to the trap door ) what about that ? they all stare at the trap door a beat , then ... CUT to : int . payton house / basement - later angle of the trap door ... as dane hammer nail all around the edge , sealing it shut . he give the handle a tug ... do not move . dane let 's see how Satan do with nail . ext . bensonville mental hospital - day Old be right ... and in need of a paint job . a high barb - wire fence surround the grounds . 52 . int . bensonville mental hospital / hallway - day dane , Lucas and Julie walk down the hall to the nursea desk . a old nurse greet they with a big smile . nurse hey kid , what can I do for you ? dane we would like to talk to ... and then dane realize he do not know who it be they want to talk to ... he throw a panicked glance to Julie . julie ethan Franklin . the nurse 's smile fade . nurse ethan ? julie if it 's okay . he be my neighbor ... we be friend . nurse I do not know that he ... I mean , I believe you might be the first visitor ethan 's have here . dane be he allow to see people ? nurse of course . ethan 's a voluntary . he can see who he please ... come and go as he like . ( beat ) he just like to stay here . luca why ? nurse I think he just feel safer . ( to Julie ) and what be you name , dear ? julie Julie Campbell . the nurse point to the visitors area ... table , chair , a television . a few people mingle in the room . 53 . nurse I all bring ethan over to you . the nurse walk down the hall . dane , Lucas and Julie walk to a table ... squeeze into the chair on one side . julie what do we say when he get here ? dane we ask he about the hole . julie just like that ? luca let 's ask he if it 's a worm hole to another universe . dane you know what , just do not talk . we do not want the freak to think he 's trap inside some kindergarten Star Wars convention . they see the nurse step out of a room , lead ethan franklin , ( 50' ) , t-shirt and sweat pants hang on he bone - thin frame ... long , gray -streak hair fall over he gaunt face . his finger twitch in non-stop motion against the side of he leg . dane ( cont have ) this guy 's not gonna try to eat we liver or anything be he ? Lucas 's eye widen ... eat what ? julie how should I know ? all I ever do be stare at he from across the fence . dane hope he do not remember that part . ethan have not look up ... head tilt to one side , eye lock on he own bare feet . and now dane be stare at they too , as the nurse guide ethan to the table . nurse here 's you friend Julie , ethan . do you remember she ? ethan do not answer ... just keep stare at that foot . 54 . nurse ( cont have ) ( to Julie ) he have not talk much since he 's be here . the nurse ease ethan into the chair across from they . nurse ( cont have ) but good luck . and just let I know if you need anything . julie thank you . the nurse walk away . the kid all just stare at ethan ... he knee tremble wildly . dane give Julie a elbow . julie ( cont would ) hi , Mr. Franklin . I be Julie Campbell ... I use to live beside you . ethan do not react ... just keep twitching and tremble . dane ( whisper to Julie ) do he always look like this ? Julie shake she head . julie we be sorry to bother you , but we want to ask you about you old house . dane my brother and I live in it now . ( beat ) we find that trapdoor ... in the basement . suddenly ethan 's body go completely still . the kid exchange glance ... they just make a connection . julie we be try to find out where it lead . ethan do not answer . julie ( cont would ) Mr. Franklin ? 55 . dane we just want to ... ethan the darkness . now the kid be as still as ethan . then ... dane what do that mean ? be it hell ? be that where the hole lead ? suddenly ethan 's head fly up ... hand shoot out , grab dane by the arm . ethan 's eye burn into dane 's . ethan you do not take the lock off ? and now it 's dane 's turn to be unable to speak . ethan ( cont would ) ( deathly serious ) tell I you do not take the lock off . the kid do not tell ethan that ... so he know the truth . suddenly he swing he hand down ... knock some invisible object off he leg . ethan ( cont would ) why would you do that ? dane we do not know . ethan stand ... start back away from they ... back to the safety of he own room . his eye dart around , search for something the rest of we can not see . dane ( cont have ) what be it ? ethan the darkness know you . dane know we ? I do not understand . do you make it ... do you make the hole ? ethan just stare at they ... shake he head . 56 . ethan it 's be there since the world 's first scream . and then ethan turn ... the kid just watch he twitch he way back down the hall . his door slam shut . luca he do not like that hole . julie and it do not sound like he make it either . dane so we need to find out who do . int . payton house / dane 's room - day Julie 's on the phone . Lucas be on dane 's bed , play that handheld game , and dane 's sit at the desk , stare at derek jeter . julie ( into phone ) no way , really ? be you sure ? then dane notice something ... two grease - cover work boot sit outside the closet . he stare at they a beat , then walk over ... pick one up ... look it over , then ... dane ( to Lucas ) do you put this here . Lucas glance up from the game ... shake he head . dane look back to the boot ... the footprint stain on the floor . he carry the boot out ... lay they in the hall . julie okay , thanks , dad . Julie flip she phone close . julie ( cont would ) he say there be a woman that live there before ethan Franklin . dane let 's go talk to she . julie can not . 57 . Julie lean over , cupping both of Lucas 's ear . julie ( cont would ) ( whisper ) she go crazy ... kill herself in you kitchen . Julie release Lucas 's ear , just as ... dane kill herself ? now Lucas hear ... moan . julie ( off Lucas , to dane ) Nice . dane when be this ? julie like before I be bear . and then a couple different family move in , but my dad say they only stay for a couple week ... he never really meet they . I think he say they both run off in the middle of the night ... leave all they stuff in here . never come back for it . dane so none of they make that hole . luca the world 's first scream . ( off they look ) he say it have be down there since then . when be that ? dane and Julie exchange a glance . julie a long time ago . int . payton house / kitchen - night dane , Lucas and Susan sit around the table , eat dinner . the only sound be the boy 's chew . susan you guy be quiet tonight . 58 . dane shrug . Lucas see it work for dane , so he shrug too . susan ( cont would ) well I guess that mean I have to talk . ( beat ) how would you two feel about have the house to yourselves for a couple day ? luca bad . dane shoot Lucas a hard glance . susan well I get a call today ... there 's a meeting I be suppose to go to ... out of town . luca what kinda meeting ? susan the mother kind . luca why can not we come ? susan because it 's one of that grow - up thing , and it ’1ll be boring , and you will have more fun here . and I need somebody to keep a eye on the house . luca I do not wanna keep a eye on it . there 's a ho ... angle on dane 's foot under the table ... ..- kicking luca 's leg . luca ( cont would ) ouch ! susan what 's wrong ? dane nothing . we will be fine if you need to go . 59 . susan you will take care of each other for I ? dane yeah . Lucas do not answer ... just scowl at dane . susan and you will miss I , right ? Lucas nod ... alot . susan ( cont would ) okay then . that 's that . they continue eat . ext . payton house - night Dark . everyone 's asleep ... or should be . int . payton house / dane 's room - night dane awake in bed . Lucas on the floor beside he . luca I do not want she to leave we here . dane there 's nothing to be scared of . luca you be not scared ? dane notice something on the floor ... the square window of light where the moon shine through the window . but the image on the floor have line stretched over the square ... like bar . dane look from the floor to the window ... no line . he stand ... move to the window . luca ( cont would ) what be you doin 's ? dane do not answer ... just wave he hand past the window , and watch he shadow on the floor ... of the hand pass over the bar . 60 . dane squint out the window ... can not find what 's cause the line . finally , he just pull the curtain close ... the square of light disappear . he climb back in bed . luca ( cont would ) so you be not scared ? dane no . we nail it shut . no way anything 's come out of there . int . payton house / basement - night angle on the trap door ... .-- and the nail twisting up out of the wood ... fall to the floor . ext . neighborhood - night a dog stand at the water drain in the curb of the street ... claw at the grate ... growling at something deep inside . ext . bensonville mental hospital - night light flicker from a few window . int . bensonville mental hospital / ethan 's room - night Dark . ethan sit on the edge of he bed , stare at the sliver of light seeping in under the door . and then a thin shape appear from beneath the door ... a snake slithering across the floor . and then another snake ... from the air vent on the wall ... ...a thick GREEN snake curl in from the bathroom ... -.. another crawl out of the sink faucet . ethan watch they slide toward he . ethan I know you have come . then ethan look above he ... to the ceiling tile bowing under some heavy weight ... .-- he close he eye ... 61 . .+.- jjust as the tile break away , and a Mass of snake pour down over he like rain . ext . payton house - day dane and Susan stand outside she suv . Lucas sit in the passenger seat , defiant . Susan kiss dane 's cheek . susan be nice to you brother . dane if I have to . Susan fake a laugh ... open the car door . int . suv - continuous Susan climb inside . susan so what do you think you be do ? luca go with you . susan I wish you could . but not this time . Susan pull Lucas into she arm ... squeeze he ... kiss he . susan ( cont would ) there 's nothing to worry about , okay ? Lucas 's eye roll up to dane ... shaking he head outside . Susan lean Lucas back ... look into he face . susan ( cont would ) okay ? Lucas finally nod . susan ( cont would ) I love you . luca I love you too . 62 . susan when I get back we 'il do something special . promise . Lucas climb out ... walk around beside dane . Susan back out of the drive ... honk she horn , and wave out she window as she pull away . susan ( cont would ) I will be home soon . I love you guy . ext . payton house - continuous dane and Lucas return the wave ... watch Susan disappear down the street . they turn ... stare at the house a beat before walk inside . int . payton house / live room - day Lucas sit on the floor , play Xbox . dane 's on the couch , he eye lock on the basement door . Lucas see he . luca if you go down there , I be call mom. I x11 tell she everything . dane pull he eye from the door ... see Julie walk toward the back door ... enter . julie hey , Lucas . luca hey. Julie walk to dane ... lean close . julie ( whisper ) we need to talk . int . payton house / dane 's room - day dane pace the room , as Julie sit at the desk , type away on he computer . dane how do you know ? 63 . julie my dad be talk to somebody from the hospital . they say the doctor think it be a heart attack . dane then it do not have anything to do with the hole . I mean it 's nail shut ... so it be just a coincidence . Julie shrug ... be not so sure . neither be dane . CUT to : int . payton house / live room - day angle on the television ... .-+- and the video game monster attack ... ...- until dane 's hand reach into the frame ... turn the television off . luca I be almost through the level ! dane you can finish it when we get back . luca get back from where ? dane head out the front door without answer . luca ( cont would ) back from where , dane ? Lucas watch dane and Julie disappear outside , then throw a glance to the basement door ... and jump up ... race after they . ext . bensonville / MAIN -street -— day Julie 's car cruise through town . int . julie 's car - day 64 . Lucas be in the back seat , gaze out the window . he turn ... look past Julie and dane ... through the windshield ... ...to the bensonville mental Hospital just ahead . luca no way ! dane it 's just for a couple minute . luca what if that ethan guy see we again ? dane trust I , that 's not gonna be a problem . int . bensonville mental hospital / hallway - day dane , Lucas and Julie reach the nurse 's desk ... and the same Old nurse sit behind it . dane we be sorry to bother you , but we come by to see ethan Franklin the other day . nurse I remember . dane we hear about what happen . can you tell we anything else . do he ever talk about anything with you ? nurse it 's not really my place to discuss ethan . and I be fairly busy right now , so if you will excuse I . the Old nurse turn to walk away , then ... luca we live in he old house . and we be scared . dane nudge Lucas ... be quiet . the nurse stop ... look back at lucas. 65 . int . bensonville mental hospital / ethan 's room - day the kid watch the Old nurse rest a box on the desk . nurse ethan do not have any family , so I be sure he would not mind . this be everything he have . dane and Julie start digging through the box . nurse ( cont have ) I be not here when they find he , but they say he be just sit there ... on the edge of he bed ... stiff as a board . Julie pull out a pair of oversize rubber glove . nurse ( cont have ) that be ethan 's snake glove . julie I be sorry ? nurse he be deathly afraid of snake . the rare day we could get he outside , he have put that on with some rubber boot up to he knee . dane do he ever say anything about the darkness ? nurse sometimes ... if he have get upset . for the first few month he be here , I keep the light on for he at night ... I think he be just afraid of the dark . but then he start turn it off himself . ( beat ) I do not think he really want to see what be around he . dane pull out a SMALL notepad ... flip through the page ... some completely color black ... other fill with just crude design . but every page be use . nurse ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) what 's that you have get there ? 66 . dane spin ... see that the nurse be talk to Lucas , who 's crouch beside the bed . dane shove the pad into he pocket . Lucas lift something up from under the bed ... let 's it dangle in the air ... .+-.a snake skin . nurse ( cont have ) be not that strange . ext . bensonville mental hospital - day dane , Lucas and Julie hurry down the step toward Julie 's car . dane why would somebody scared to death of snake keep a snake skin under he bed ? Julie shake she head ... no idea . then dane stop walk ... Lucas and Julie look back at he . julie what ? dane scare to death . ( beat ) she say they find he just sit there . luca stiff as a board . I get all stiff when I be scared . Lucas stiffen up to prove it . julie so do I , Lucas . ext . payton house / back yard - day Lucas sit on a tree swing , just stare ... think . dane and Julie sit on the back porch . julie so what now ? 67 . dane shrug ... pull out ethan 's notepad ... flip through the page ... just a jumble of crude shape . julie ( cont would ) you steal that ? dane I think there might be something write in here . julie and ? dane shake he head ... flip through the page for Julie to see ... some totally black out , and other with just crude shape draw on the page . julie ( cont would ) so we know how he spend he time in that room . Julie glance back to Lucas ... he look very scared . julie ( cont would ) hey , Lucas , how ' bout we have a little pool party at my house ? order a pizza ... swim ... splash you brother . luca okay . julie ( to dane ) you up for it ? dane sure . julie I will meet you guy over there . Julie start across the yard to she house . dane ( to Lucas ) go get you stuff . Lucas start toward the back door ... hesitates , just stare at the house . dane ( cont have ) it 's cool . it 's nail shut . 68 . Lucas finally walk in . int . payton house / live room - continuous Lucas step inside ... stop at the door , he eye lock on the basement door . he take a couple step across the room , then sprint past the door ... race up the stair . int . payton house / luca 's room - day Lucas charge inside ... slam the door behind he , lock it . he back away from the door . CUT to : Pov from under luca 's bed ... ...- watch Lucas 's foot slowly back across the room . back to scene and Lucas ... satisfied that nothing 's come through that door . he turn ... start digging through a dresser drawer . ext . payton house / back yard - day dane still flipping through the notepad . int . payton house / luca 's room - day Lucas pull a pair of short from the drawer . and then a o.s. jingle freeze he ... another jingle ... Lucas be afraid to turn around . CUT to : Pov from under luca 's bed ... .»..on Lucas just stand there . back to scene as Lucas summon the courage to turn ... 69 . ... look back across he room ... no one 's there . then he eye sink to the bed ... and what could be underneath . Lucas just stare at that dark gap ... .+. as the jingle return ... louder ... just beside Lucas . he spin ... see the wind chime hanging in he OPEN window ... ..-- jingling with the subtle breeze . Lucas relax ... carry the short toward the door . CUT to : Pov from under luca 's bed ... ++.as we watch Lucas walk out of the room . ext . julie' house / pool - evening dane sit beside the pool , still study that notepad . Julie 's in swim , as Lucas bounce on the diving board . luca hey , dane , watch how big the splash be ! Lucas leap into the pool . dane never see the splash . Lucas rise back up to the surface . luca ( cont would ) do you see that ? dane ( without look up ) sweet splash . Julie climb out of the pool ... flick a little water on dane as she pass . julie you be lot of fun . Julie walk out to the end of the diving board . julie ( cont would ) watch this one , Lucas . Julie bounce off ... hit the water , send a big splash over dane. 70 . dane ( protect the notepad ) hey ! julie stop look at that thing . luca yeah , come on ! dane shake the water off the notepad ... look at Julie in the pool ... just she face float above the surface ... look like a mermaid as she spit some water in he direction . and that 's all he need . dane toss the notepad away ... run to the board ... leap off , send a splash over the pool . CUT to : Pov from underwater ... .»+ - as dane sink to the bottom ... push off ... rise back to the surface . back to scene as dane bob up out of the water . dane beat that , loser . Julie leap on dane ... they wrestle in the water , as Lucas climb out laugh ... hurry to the board ... bounce as high as he can , then ... ... splash ... the water cover dane and Julie . Julie scream . CUT to : Pov from underwater ... ... as this time , Lucas sink ... he foot hit the bottom , just beside the drain ... he push off ... start up . angle on luca 's legs ... ++.as a SMALL red hand suddenly grab luca 's ankle . Lucas 's rise jerk to a halt . he look down ... 71 . ... and there 's the marionette clown half out of the open pool drain ... smile up at Lucas as he grip he leg ... give he a tug . Lucas cry out in the water ... the pool flood into he mouth . he start flail he arm to get to the surface . CUT to : dane and julie ... ...- wrestle and play at the other end of the pool ... no idea what 's happen below they . CUT to : luca ... .-.. as he kick at the clown ... claw for the surface . but the clown hold its grip ... start sink back into the drain , pull Lucas toward the bottom of the pool . CUT to : dane and julie ... .-.- still play ... dane shove Julie underwater , then diving away ... scramble out of the pool . CUT to : luca ... ... stretch for the surface , but sink deeper ... the clown disappear backward into the pool drain ... pull Lucas 's foot in with he . CUT to : dane ... .+- beside the pool , as Julie splashes he . then he glance around . dane where would Lucas go ? Julie glance around ... no idea . 72 . julie do he get out ? dane Lucas ! no answer ... and then dane see the AIR bubble rising to the surface . dane ( cont have ) shit ! dane dive into the pool . CUT to : Pov from underwater ... .»+- as a panicked Lucas strain to pull he leg out of the drain . dane swim in beside he ... grab Lucas ... start pull he up ... but he foot won ’t come out of the drain . dane dive deeper ... start tug at Lucas 's foot ... .+.- jjjust as Julie appear ... wrap she arm around Lucas 's waist to pull he up to the surface . dane struggle against the drain 's pull ... finally Lucas 's foot pop free ... ... all three shoot up to the surface . CUT to : the kide exploding from the surface ... ...- Lucas coughing and gasping for AIR . dane and Julie carry he to the side . julie it 's okay ... it 's okay . dane we have get you . they help he up over the edge , and Lucas scramble out . luca the clown 's in there ! 73 . dane what ? luca it 's in the pool ! it grab my leg ! dane and Julie exchange a glance . dane dude , it be the drain . you foot just get stick . luca no ! I saw it ! dane sink back under . CUT to : Pov from underwater ... .»+- as dane scan the bottom of the pool ... the open drain . CUT to : dane ... ... rise back up . dane there 's just the drain . the lid come off . luca no ... it grab I ... it pull I down ... would not let I go . Lucas start cry ... be ready to explode . dane ( to Julie ) I be gonna take he back over . dane climb out ... start lead Lucas back . julie I be sorry , Lucas . Lucas just keep walk . 74 . int . payton house / dane 's room - night dane sit at he desk , watch Lucas sleep on the floor . his cell phone buzy beside he . he grab it . julie ( v.o. ) how be he ? dane be asleep since we get over here . julie ( v.o. ) anything I can do ? dane we be good . I be just gonna let he sleep ... hang out here with he . julie ( v.o. ) well call I if you need anything . dane okay . talk to you later . dane hang up ... slide over ... ease the blanket across Lucas ... ... then spot something ... on Lucas 's leg ... around he ankle ... bruise ... in the shape of SMALL finger . dane stare at the bruise ... run he finger along they , then freeze ... hurry out of the room . int . payton house / live room - night dane run down the stair ... to the couch ... grab ethan 's notepad ... start quickly thumbing through the page ... stop on one of the odd design ... and if you turn it to the right angle , it look just like luca 's bruise ... «.. just like finger . dane flip through more page , turn the notepad in all direction ... begin see other image in the shape ... a eye ... hand ... what could be a nose . dane start tear the page out of the pad ... lay they on the floor ... like he 's lay out a giant puzzle . he start move the page around ... try to connect the piece . dissolve to : 75 . int . payton house / live room - later dane on he hand and knee at the center of all the page ... spread out all around he . some of the page fit together ... we can make out what look like a half - circle of black ... a shoe beside the circle ... two hand clenched together . and then a o.s. whistling ... a light melody ... dane look up to the sound ... it 's come from the kitchen . dane listen to it a moment , then stand ... ease toward the kitchen doorway ... the whistling grow louder . dane inch the door open ... int . payton house / kitchen - continuous dane step into the dark kitchen ... flip on the light ... the whistling be gone ... .-+- and the kitchen be empty ... ... except for a grease -stained mechanic 's shirt throw over one of the chair . and dane 's confuse ... frighten ... like he 's just see a ghost , but it 's only a dirty shirt . dane spin ... charge out of the kitchen . int . payton house / live room - night dane sprint across the room ... up the stair . int . payton house / dane 's room - night dane run into the room ... flip on the light ... and there 's Lucas still asleep on the floor . dane throw a glance around the room , then turn the light back off . he step inside ... close the door , and climb up into he bed ... but not to sleep ... it 's like a guard keep watch . ext . payton house - night quiet and dark . 76 . int . payton house / live room - night dim moonlight glow over ethan 's scattered page . int . payton house / basement - night the trap door still swing open , expose the hole . int . payton house / upstair hall - night low angle on the floor ... .+.- as two dirty bare feet step into frame ... move down the hall . int . payton house / dane 's room - night angle on luca ... ...- sleep on the floor ... as a shadow move over he . and Lucas must have sense the presence because he eye fly open ... he start to cry out , then see it 's dane stand above he , he finger to he lip . dane ( whisper ) someone 's in the house . int . payton house / upstair hall - night dane and Lucas step into dane 's doorway . dane ( whisper ) stay here . dane have the baseball bat again ... move into Lucas 's room . int . payton house / luca 's room - continuous dane flip on the light ... glance around ... empty . CUT to : 77 . int . payton house / upstair hall - night and Lucas stare anxiously toward he room . but then a burst of light from downstair ... someone just turn on the light . luca ( whisper ) dane . dane . but dane do not hear he . so Lucas ease to the stair ... peer over the rail to see who 's down there . but he view 's block , so he have to creep down a few step ... ..- and spot a young cop stand in the center of the live room , looking right back up at luca . young cop hey , son . what 's you name ? Lucas be afraid to answer ... afraid to move . he throw another glance down the hall for dane ... not there , so he look back to the cop . luca Lucas . young cop be you the one that call , Lucas ? luca ( shake he head ) my brother , I think . he say someone be in the house . young cop do you brother say who it be ? Lucas shake he head . the cop throw another glance around the room , then pull a Polaroid from he pocket ... start up the stair to Lucas . young cop ( cont would ) I have be look for this person right here . the young cop reach Lucas ... hand Lucas the photo . Lucas look at it , and fear wash over he face . angle on the polaroid ... ...of two little girl ... one of they the little girl in the pink dress . 78 . young cop ( cont would ) that one on the right . the cop turn to go back down the stair , and that 's when Lucas see the bloody , gaping wound in the cop 's back ... he should be dead ... might be dead . young cop ( cont would ) do you think that 's who you brother see ? Lucas do not answer ... can not answer ... just watch the cop walk back down the stair ... around the corner . dane appear behind Lucas . dane I tell you to stay in the room . luca ( whisper ) he 's down there . dane what ? luca he give I this . Lucas hold the Polaroid out to dane with a tremble hand . dane stare at the picture , then move down the stair ... lean around ... see the young cop walk into the basement . dane follow after he ... and Lucas be too afraid to stay up there by himself , so he rush behind dane ... ... and never see the dark figure of a man stand down the hall behind he . int . payton house / basement - night dane and Lucas move slowly down the step ... bend down to peer through the railing ... to watch the young cop crawl into the hole , disappear head first , just like the little girl . the trap door slam shut behind he . luca you say the nail would keep it close . you say they could not come up anymore . dane stare at all the loose nail scattered around the hole . then he look back to the photograph ... the two little girl . 79 . angle on the photograph ... .-- and the other little girl ... strangely familiar . dane oh , shit . he grab Lucas 's arm . dane ( cont have ) c'mon . they race up the step . CUT to : int . julie 's house / julie 's room - night Julie 's asleep in bed ... stir ... roll over ... .-- and there 's the little girl stand beside she ... that red tear slip down she cheek . Julie jump back with a start ... look like she 's see a ghost . she press herself back against the wall . little girl I miss you , julie. ( beat ) let 's play . just like we use to . Julie try to scream ... can not make she mouth work . julie ( softly ) Da ... daddy . little girl do not let he hear you . he 'il make we go to bed . the Little girl squat down on the floor ... start play with the jack . little girl ( cont would ) why do not you help I ? then a 0.s. tapping . Julie 's eye dart to she window ... and dane knock against it ... motion she over . Julie look back to the Little girl ... crawl down off the end of she bed ... back she way to the window , as the Little girl bounce the ball ... scoops the jack . 80 . Julie reach the window ... shakily flip the lock ... throw it open , as the Little girl see she escape . little girl ( cont would ) do not go , Julie . the Little girl rise ... start walk after Julie . and Julie 's cry , as she scramble out the window , with dane pull she . ext . julie 's house - continuous Julie hit the ground beside dane and Lucas ... they race away , as the Little girl stand at the window , watch they ... .»+.a red tear hit the windowsill with a splat . int . payton house / live room - night dane , Lucas and Julie charge through the back door ... lock it behind they . Julie fall against dane , sobbing . dane who be she ? julie she can not be real ... she can not be real . dane Julie . who be she ? Julie try to calm down ... to focus . julie Annie bin . we use to play together every day when we be little . but then ... Julie can not finish . dane then ? julie she disappear . someone take she ... a man. ( beat ) we be outside ... and this man ... he pull up in a truck . ( more ) 81 . julie ( cont would ) he be dress like a policeman , but I know he be not one ... I would see he other day take picture of we . but this time he get out and start talk to Annie . then he take Annie 's hand ... ( cry ) ..- he take she hand and lead she back to he truck . and I know something bad be happen , and I want to yell , but I be so scared . I want to help she but I could not . dane hold she tighter . dane it 's okay . ( beat ) they find he , do not they ? they find the man , and they shot he , right ? Julie nod , then ... julie how would you know ? dane ( glance at Lucas ) just guess . but I think I know why she 's here ... why she come back . ( off Julie 's look ) because you be so scared . dane point to ethan 's hole image on the floor . dane ( cont have ) I think inside the hole be whatever we be afraid of . that 's what ethan mean by the darkness ... dark thought ... fear . remember , he say it know you . I think he mean it know what we be scared of . julie how ? dane I do not know . but it make we fear real ... bring they to life . for ethan it be snake . ( more ) 82 . dane ( cont would ) for Lucas it 's clown . for you ... it 's what happen to you friend . luca what about you ? dane ( smile ) I be not scared of anything . but I still want to find some lock to put on that trap door . int . julie 's garage - night the kid dig through shelf and tool chest . julie get ‘em . Julie hold up a few padlock with the keys still in they . dane and we need one more thing . int . payton house / basement - night dane and Lucas stand against the wall . Julie kneel beside the hole , look scared out of she mind . julie I do not want to do this . dane it 's the only way . and then we see what Julie 's so scared about ... the Little girl 's foot appear on the basement step ... make they way slowly down . Julie 's tremble , as she watch the Little girl reach the bottom ... start walk toward she . julie oh , God . the Little girl move closer ... closer ... and Julie want to run , but she do not ... she just stare back at she fear . little girl do you want to play with I ? 83. julie some other time , okay , Annie ? the Little girl nod ... reach out she hand , and stroke Julie 's hair . Julie close she eye ... quiver at the touch . little girl you get bigger , Julie . and then Julie open she eye ... tear well up in they . julie I know . I be sorry . then Julie take the Little girl 's hand ... hold it . do not seem scared anymore . then the Little girl turn , and crawl headfirst back into the hole ... disappear . and as soon as she do , dane and Lucas leap over ... slam the trap door close . luca the lock ! dane look back to the lock still over on the floor . he dart back for they ... ++.just as the trap door burst back OPEN , and the clown marionette stretch out ... grab luca 's arm . luca ( cont would ) dane ! the doll jerk Lucas toward the hole , but Julie grab Lucas ... hold he back , as the marionette claw and tug at Lucas ... its little bell jingling away . dane punch the doll away ... it vanish in the black , then wham ... slam the trap door back down . the kid frantically snap the lock shut . there 's that 0o.s. clawing from under the door , but it finally stop ... everything calm ... just the kid 's heavy breathe , as they stare at that close trap door . then ... luca ( cont would ) ( to dane ) told you it be real . dane nod ... he believe . 84 . julie I know everything 's cool now and all , but ... do you guy want to stay at my house tonight ? Lucas nod wildly to dane . dane yeah , okay . int . payton house / live room - night dane sit on the couch , stare blankly . Julie 's beside he . julie be you okay ? dane snap out of he zone ... nod he head . julie ( cont would ) it 's over , right ? nothing to worry about ? dane nod ... right . dane Lucas , let 's go ! luca ( 0.s. ) I be get my stuff ! Julie notice the notepad page scattered on the floor . julie be that ethan 's page ? dane yeah . I do not know what it 's suppose to be . Julie walk over ... take a page ... find a place for it , then move another ... the dark edge seem to fit . CUT to : int . payton house / luca 's room - night Lucas sit on the floor , put he shoe on . and then a tapping at he window . Lucas look over to the window ... nothing there . 85 . he go back to he shoe ... more tapping ... he head snap up ... still , the window 's empty . CUT to : int . payton house / live room - night dane and Julie work together on the puzzle . julie right there . dane slide a page in ... Julie place another beside it ... the image be grow . CUT to : int . payton house / luca 's room - night Lucas stare at the window another beat , then start crawl over , keep he head below the window ... out of sight . he reach it , then slowly raise up to see outside . nothing but he own reflection . and then Lucas notice something beyond he face ... ... the reflection of a monstrous man stand in the doorway behind he . Lucas spin ... but there 's no man there . Lucas turn back to the window ... see just he reflection again ... no man . so Lucas turn to walk out , and step right into the man ... huge ... long greasy hair ... hard face ... deep , dark eye . more monster than man . father ( whisper ) hello , boy . Lucas start to scream , but the man throw a thick hand over he mouth , muffle Lucas 's cry . int . payton house / live room - night a SMALL square of carpet with black on all side ... until Julie 's hand gently lay another page in the square ... fill it in with black ... 86 . ... and we pull back ... but do not reach the edge of the image , because it 's much bigger than we last see ... cover most of the floor ... with dane and Julie stand over it ... ... stare down at that sketch design now piece together . it 's not completely finish , but it 's clear what the image be ... a picture of the hole ... with a man holding a boy 's hand ... leading he down into the blackness . dane oh , God . dane take off ... charge up the stair . dane ( cont have ) Lucas ! int . payton house / luca 's room - night dane rush into the room ... no Lucas . dane Lucas ! then he see the greasy footprint on the floor ... lead back out of the room . dane step out ... see that the footprint leave a trail all the way down the hall . Julie appear up the stair . julie what 's the matter ? where 's Lucas ? dane take off down the past Julie . dane my father 's get he . int . payton house / basement - night dane come barrel down the step . dane Lucas ! and there 's that trap door OPEN wide ... the new lock rest on the floor beside it . Julie race down after dane . julie what 's go on ? 87. dane I bring he here . my father . and now he take Lucas down there . julie what ? no ... there be no down there . there 's no bottom , remember ? but dane be not listen to she ... he 's grab a rope ... tie it around a pipe on the wall , then wrapping it around he own waist . julie ( cont would ) dane , what be you do ? dane I have to get Lucas . julie wait . you can not go in that thing . you do not even know he 's down there . dane yes I do . then dane step into that shimmer darkness ... whoosh ... he vanish into the black ... the rope uncoil ... stretch out , then snap taut , bend the pipe . julie dane ! but dane 's long go . CUT to : black ... .-.. end of the universe kind of dark . and it 's completely silent except for dane 's nervous breath . we hear some movement , then a light flash on ... ..- and we see dane 's stand inside a closet , he hand still on a light switch . the rope be still tie around he waist ... stretch up to a black hole high above he . the closet 's fill with a little boy 's clothes and toy . dane glance around , unty the rope , then he eye settle on the closet doorknob ... he turn it ... push the door open ... 88 . .-- inching it wide to reveal a long , dark , narrow corridor , stretch out in front of he ... no real light except for a dim square at the far end of the hall . int . corridor - night dane move through the doorway ... just a few step . and in what little light there be , we can begin to make out the detail of the corridor ... -.. Stone floor ... rock wall ... and line of prison cell on each side for the length of the passage . dane look to the cell beside he ... beyond the rusty bar ... empty ... just a cot in a square room of stone . dane begin walk down the corridor ... toward the light at the far end . and the passage seem to stretch forever ... like the end be a football field away . dane throw nervous glance into each cell as he pass ... pick up speed toward the far end ... near it , and slow ... ..- because he can make out where the light be come from ... another prison cell ... this one glow with a small lamp ... and there 's a man sit slump over on the cot ... he long , greasy hair hang down almost to the floor . and we all know who the man be ... so do dane ... that 's why he stop outside the cell door ... just stare at he ... watch as the man slowly raise he head ... roll that black eye up toward dane ... and smile . dane take a instinctive step back ... but then see the shackle around the man 's hand and foot . that give he the courage to ... dane ( soft , frighten ) where 's Lucas ? suddenly the clank of a cell door unlock behind dane . dane spin ... see one of the cell door swinging open . dane look at the smile man , then begin back down the hall ... near the open cell while keep he eye on the man . finally dane reach the open door ... look inside ... .-- but it be not a prison cell anymore ... it 's Lucas 's room at they house ... 89 . .+.. and luca be climbing out the window . dane ( cont have ) Lucas ! Lucas do not slow . dane charge into the room after he ... reach the window and look out ... to they yard below ... .-- and Lucas racing across the yard . dane ( cont have ) luca ! wait ! dane crawl out after he . ext . window - night dane scramble out ... start to jump , then see that there 's no ground beneath he ... just endless darkness . dane cling to the edge of the window . dane luca ! but Lucas be go ... or be never there . dane climb back inside . int . prison cell - night dane fall back through the window ... see that Lucas 's room be now just a empty prison cell ... same rock floor ... stone wall . int . corridor - night dane step out of the cell ... look back down to where the man be sit ... ..- but now the cot be empty ... the shackle rest free on the floor ... the man be go . the cell door clanks ... creak as it drift open . and then the next cell door swing open ... then the one across the hall from that ... then the next ... and the next ... .»+- each door violently crash open ... move down the row toward dane ... and each one faster than the one before ... he 's come for dane. 90 . dane spin ... take off down the corridor ... the cell door fly open behind he ... gain on he ... and it 's a race to that white closet door at the end of the passage . and it 's like the door be be blow off they rusty hinge , as they tear wide ... crash into the wall ... almost even with dane as he ... ... reach the closet door ... charge through . int . room - night dane slam the door shut ... press himself against it ... ready for the attack from the other side ... but it never come . he spot a old key hang on the wall beside the door ... he grab it ... lock the door . dane step away from the door ... turn ... see he 's ina large , vacant room ... four wall and a floor ... and another door on the opposite wall . he hurry to the door ... lock . he 's still get the key ... slide it into the handle ... turn ... ... and the unlocking click come from behind dane . dane look back ... the other door 's still close . he turn he door handle ... a squeak from the other door . dane glance back again ... stare at the door as he turn the knob ... .+- and watch the other handle rotate by itself . dane inch he door open ... ... the other door widen as well . then bam ... something hit dane 's door from the other side . he shove it back close ... press he back against it ... .-- and watch as the opposite door shake back and forth exactly as he . and dane 's lose he battle ... he door 's widen ... so be the other ... .-- and finally dane just take off ... let he door swing open ... . -- and when the opposite door open wide , he sprint through . gl . int . queen brownstone / kitchen - night dane suddenly slam to the floor with a gasp . he look above he ... there be no ceiling ... just darkness ... with a darker , black hole shimmer in the middle of it . dane stand ... ease across the room . rain and traffic noise beat against the window ... it feel just like we be in queen . a pair of greasy boot rest beside the back door ... a mechanic 's shirt lay over the chair . family photograph hang on the refrigerator door . we hold on one of a young boy and baby brother , ( dane and Lucas ) . this be dane 's old house ... where all of dane 's fear begin . suddenly the end of the rope fall through the black hole ... drop down beside dane ... just hang there ... ..- with a note tie around the end ... '' run away boy '' dane look to the doorway ... know what wait for he on the other side . he look back up to the hole ... he escape . but then he tear the note off ... crumple it , and toss it away ... walk toward the doorway . int . queen brownstone / live room - night dane step through the doorway ... into the empty room ... just a tray of half - eat food and beer can sit in front of the television , as a yankee game play onscreen . dane creep through the room , he eye search for Lucas . int . queen brownstone / bedroom - night a room for two boy . a twin bed on one side and crib on the other ... each with match baseball blanket ... one National League , the other american . Sports poster line the wall ... another photograph of the young dane in he baseball uniform , with baby luca sit in he lap . dane move straight for the closet ... open the door , and the closet be fill with clothes , toy and junk of a little boy ... this be just like the closet where dane arrive when he jump into the hole . and then Lucas step out from behind the clothes . 92 . they see each other ... wrap they arm around the other . dane hold Lucas tight ... probably like he have not hugge he in year . dane close the door behind he , sealing the two boy inside together . int . queen brownstone / closet - continuous dane and Lucas slide down to the floor together . luca how would you know where I be ? dane because this be where I always use to hide when I be scared . luca you do ? ( off dane 's nod ) I think you say you be not scared of anything . a beat , then ... dane I lie . luca you be scared of he ? dane ( nod ) and it 's my fault he bring you here . he 's my fear , not yours . luca then you should not have come down . dane I have to . what would I do up there without you ? luca what you always do . play with the older kid . dane listen to I ... I know it seem like I be always gettin’ mad at you , or hangin 's out with other people , but ... ( more ) 93. dane ( cont would ) that 's the thing with brother ... ( beat , think ) ... they be like old closet . ' Cause no matter how many new friend you make or new place you go ... there 's only one place where you really feel good and safe . ( beat ) and sometimes you just gotta get scared enough to remember that . Lucas consider all this a moment , then ... luca but you still should not have come . dane why ? luca because that 's what he want . he say he only take I so he could get you down here . suddenly a hand reach out from the clothes behind luca ... .-- jerk he backward . dane luca ! dane grab for Lucas ... miss ... Lucas be go . dane push through the clothes after he . and the closet seem to go on forever ... luca 's cry lead dane through this endless dark passage ... .+- until dane finally slam into the back wall ... and there be no Lucas . dane ( cont have ) ( pound the wall ) luca ! dane spin ... race back toward the closet door ... reach it ... throw it open . int . queen brownstone / bathroom - night the closet door swing open , and dane charge out ... freeze , because this be not where he should be . 94 . boy' voice ( 0.s. ) do not tell he where we be . dane turn to the voice ... the shower curtain pulled across the old tub . dane Lucas . dane pull the shower curtain open ... .+- and there 's the young dane , crouch in the tub , hold the baby luca in he arm . young dane please . dane just stare at he young self . dane you do not have to be scared of he . he can not hurt you anymore . then a banging on the door behind dane ... .-- he spin to it . father 's voice ( 0.s. ) I told you to OPEN this door , boy ! susan ( 0.s. ) leave they alone ! dane Mom ! dane throw open the door ... rush into the darkness ... CUT to : int . queen brownstone / kitchen - continuous .»+- and dane come tumble out of the black hole in the kitchen ... slam to the floor ... .-- he 's right back where he start . dane no ! dane scramble toward the live room door . 95 . dane ( cont have ) Lucas ! int . queen brownstone / live room - continuous dane charge through the door ... into the live room ... slide to a stop ... because there 's the man ... danea father ... sit on the couch ... he arm draped over luca 's shoulder . tear slip down Lucas 's cheek . dane let he go . dane 's Father just hold Lucas tighter . dane ( cont have ) you be not real . they Father rise to he bare foot ... and not only do he look very real , he 's huge ... must be close to seven foot tall . he rest a hand on Lucas 's head , and it 's nearly twice the size of Lucas 's skull . and there 's a giant gold ring on one of he massive finger . and Lucas be scared ... and so be dane ... and so be we . dane ( cont have ) you be not really here . you be still lock up . you can not get to we . the Father give dane a frightening little smile ... like he know something dane do not . dane ( cont have ) C ’mon , Lucas . he can not hurt we anymore . Lucas be afraid to move . dane ( cont have ) now , Lucas . Lucas start ease out from under the massive hand . and we be expect it to suddenly clamp down ... grab a fistful of hair ... but it do not ... it let Lucas go . Lucas take off to dane ... wrap he arm around he waist . dane ( cont have ) it 's okay . we be go home now . 96 . dane take Lucas 's hand ... they back they way toward the kitchen door , with they Father just watch they escape . dane ( cont have ) and do not try to come after I again . you be just waste you time . dane reach the door ... push against it ... but it do not move . he look back ... see the six deadbolt lock secure it shut . they Father grin that evil grin of he ... hold up a set of keys . father they can keep thing out ... or keep thing in . dane shove Lucas toward the hall . dane go ! Lucas take off with dane right behind he . they Father just laugh at they as they run past . int . queen brownstone / laundry room - night a old washer and dryer with a row of cabinet beside they . dane and Lucas duck into the room ... lock the door . luca he 's gonna get we . dane no he 's not . dane throw open one of the cabinet ... pull Lucas down toward it . dane ( cont have ) he do not know about this one . dane push Lucas inside the cabinet ... follow after he , as they father beat he fist against the door . int . queen brownstone / cabinet - night tight , dark and claustrophobic ... Lucas and dane squeezing they way down the tiny passage . 97 . luca I can not make it . dane yes you can . keep go . luca it 's too small . dane do not stop , Lucas . CUT to : int . queen brownstone / laundry room - night and the door fly open ... they father fill the doorway ... can barely squeeze through . he crouch down ... see the open through the back of the cabinet . father dane ! and he 's way too big , so he spin ... charge back out of the room . int . queen brownstone / kitchen - night one of the kitchen cabinet swing open , and out crawl Lucas , with dane right behind . dane get to the rope ! then the banging of they Father work the lock on the other side of the door . dane ( cont have ) hurry , Lucas ! dane lift Lucas ... give he a head start up that rope . dane ( cont have ) get to the hole ! dane throw a frighten glance to the door as it shake ... that lock be come off . dane pull the kitchen table over against the door , then run back to Lucas ... start shove he up . dane ( cont have ) you gotta go faster ! 98 . luca I be try ! dane plant he hand on Lucas 's butt , shove he up the rope ... start up beneath he ... .+. j just as the door start swinging in against the table . Lucas strain with each pull ... slowly rise . they Father lean he head through the crack of the door ... see they make they escape . he bang he shoulder against the door ... shove the table out of the way ... .-- he 's get in . dane I need you to go faster , Lucas . please go faster . Lucas be try ... sweat each tug on the rope ... squirming upward toward that hole . and dane 's just beneath he , as they Father scramble over the table ... get to the rope , and start swinging it ... try to shake the boy down . but the boy keep climb , so he start up after they ... take big long pull ... gain fast ... ... the boy be never go to make it ... .»+.- so dane release the rope ... drop straight down into they Father ... send they both crash to the kitchen floor . luca dane ! they Father jump up ... start up the rope after Lucas . dane go ! I 'il be right behind you ! Lucas can not make himself rise into the hole just above he head . they Father continue up after he ... until dane grab he leg ... hold he back . dane ( cont have ) go , luca ! Lucas climb higher ... he head disappear into the hole ... then he body ... finally he 's go . 99 . and dane 's Father release the rope ... drop down to the floor with a thunderous bang ... like a giant have just drop from the sky . dane back up against the refrigerator . his Father walk toward he , and dane close he eye ... turn away from he Father ... just the way he use to when he be little . the Father ease up behind dane ... tower over he . and then ... dane ( cont have ) ( softly ) I be not scared of you . ( beat ) I be not scared of you . the Father cock he oversize head . dane pull something down from the refrigerator ... stare at it , then turn to face he Father ... force himself to stare up into that black eye . dane ( cont have ) I be not scared of you . and then dane 's Father roar ... this cry that shake the room ... the cry of dane 's childhood . father dane ! dane flinch at the scream ... want to run ... would have run before ... but not this time . instead , he just look down to the photograph from the refrigerator . dane you be not this big . you only look like it because I be little . angle on the photograph ... ++. a young dane pose with he real father ... a very average - looking man . dane ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) that 's why you always come after we . because you be mean ... but you be scared of everyone else . dane look up from the picture ... .-- and the giant monster of a man be go ... replace by the father from the photograph ... average ... slight ... 100 . smaller than dane even ... nothing like the monster dane 's fear have create ... except for that same mean eye ... ..- but now they be fill with fear ... like he 's the one in this room that 's suddenly scared . and dane smile ... and at the same time , tear fill he eye ... because he 's suddenly be set free . dane ( cont have ) you be the one that be weak and afraid . and now I know that . dane turn he back on he Father ... walk to the rope . dane ( cont have ) I would tell you to stay away from Lucas , but there 's no reason . dane look back ... the kitchen 's empty ... he Father 's go ... he fear be go . dane ( cont have ) you do not exist . then dane start climb up the rope . int . wilson house / basement - night Lucas and Julie kneel beside the hole ... see dane rise from the black . luca dane ! they help he crawl out . Julie slam the trap door shut , attaches one of the lock , while Lucas work the other ... seal the trap door shut . as soon as Lucas be finish , he hug dane ... hard . dane Nice climbin’ , Lucas . julie you okay ? dane better . Julie stare at he , wait for more ... do not get it , so ... 101 . julie I need more than that . what be down there ? dane luca my father . clown . dane look at Lucas ... what ? luca do not you see they ? it be like this giant , scary circus . there be clown everywhere . dane what be you talk about ? luca all the clown that keep chase I . dane be that before we crawle into the kitchen ? now Lucas be look at dane like he 's crazy . luca what kitchen ? dane where the rope be ... we be climb up ... I tell you to go on . Lucas just stare at dane a confuse beat , then ... luca I do not see you down there . dane look back to the trap door . ext . payton house - night dane , Lucas and Julie stand in the front yard , stare back at the house . luca whatta we do now ? julie come over to my place . we will figure it . 102 . dane nod ... just as headlight wash over they ... they turn to Susan 's suv pull back into the driveway . she park ... climb out . susan what be you three do out here so late ? dane we be just ... have trouble sleep . susan maybe that 's because you be stand in the driveway . dane I think you be go to be go for a couple day ? susan have to change my plan a little . luca why ? susan you be go to think I be crazy . but I have this dream ... and it seem so real ... that I lose both of you . ( hug they both ) and that 's my worst fear . dane I do not think you have to worry about that anymore . susan what do that mean ? the kid exchange a glance . dane we should probably talk . dissolve to : ext . bensonville house - day a for sale sign stand in the yard . Susan 's suv be park in the drive . 103 . int . house - day Susan walk around the house with a realtor . realtor it 's only six year old . the nicest kitchen in town , and plenty of storage space for that grow boy . they stop at the window ... look out into the backyard ... to dane and Lucas play basketball . Julie sit in the grass , watch they . realtor ( cont have ) do you think they have like to come inside and take a look for themselves ? susan let 's leave they out there . realtor well they sure do look like they enjoy each other . susan yes they do . Susan and the realtor walk out of the frame , as we stay on the window ... and dane and Lucas laugh ... play ... be brother again . susan ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) now you say this place do not have a basement , right ? fade out .