the electric horseman baste b35 Alvin sargent ~ sean a doberr cretaup ' rastar / Wildwood /s.. pollack August 30 , 1978 1a ext . OPEN plain - new mexico - day . L a infinity of space . in the distance a cluster of in - distinguishable shape move toward US . as they close to camera , we see they be a pack of wild mustang -- a stallion and nine mare run hard . they race past camera in a thunder blur . ext . a racetrack somewhere in the west - day 1a a tight cluster of horse thunder into the home stretch . in a sudden burst of speed , number " 7 , " " a big bay with black mane and tail , pull away and move up on the out - side . the crowd go wild ! booth announcer ( v.0 . ) rising Star in he last race before retirement . the most spectacular stallion in the history of the turf ! -- triple Crown winner -- with over 3.1 / 2 million in purse -- at the finish it 's rising Star by a nose . booth announcer ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) he 's do itl -- this mark he twenty - seventh win ~- and what - a-way-to-goll !! ext . rodeo ground - brahma bull and rider - day 2 the bull at the top of he arc , all four foot off the gound , the rider be sonny steele , look as if he be weld to the bull 's back . buzzer sound the end of a perfect ride , but as the fan jump to they foot , sonny continue he ride just - for-the-hell - of - it !! then he vault off the beast landing on the ball of he foot , with both arm raise triumphantly as the crowd go wild . extreme closeup - silver championship belt buckle 3 zoom back as the wearer , sonny , charge he horse from the chute , ride down on a run steer . crowd SOUND carry over . sonny drop expertly onto the horn and pin the steer to the ground , spinning red light atop a ambulance - night 4 pull back to see the ambulance just off a rodeo arena . two cowboy carry the limp body of sonny towards it . as the cowboy be about to put he in , he come to , squirm out of they grasp , sheke he head to clear it , and limp back toward the arena . cheering continue . another rodeo arena ~ night 5 sonny atop a spin , buck saddle bronc . push in until the spin become a blur . soundtrack begins to fade slowly . ext . winner' platform - rodeo arena - night 6 sonny , center stage , surround by well - wisher , be hand another championship buckle . smiling , he look from the new one to the one he be already wear , then - toss the buckle affectionately to a pretty blonde girl in the crowd . she catch it and hold it up with still a third silver buckle . color fade slowly from the pieture and the soundtrack be now only a echo . ext . another rodeo arena - another brahma bull and 7 sonny - day picture be almost black and white and there be no SOUND . the deadly ballet go on in eerie silence . int . makeshift emergency room - SMALL town - night 8 sonny lie on a medical table . two doctor stitch up he back . his hand dangle over the side of the table clutching a can of coor beer . two cowboy face be visible through the glass door in b.g . the picture be - gin to flicker and move more slowly . ext . same winner' platform - rodeo arena - night 9 sonny receive still another silver belt buckle , Film slow further and move forward jerkily . from the si- lence come a new SOUND : the clicking of sprocket . a champagne cork silently pop and as the liquid spray over the frame , sonny smile a devastating smile . frame freeze . volce that 's it ! pull back quickly to see we have be look at a moviola , which have stop on the last frame . the opera - ~ tor 's hand be visible hold the brake . 10 loa 10 B loc il int . art department - the ampco corporation - day 10 camera travel past the back of four designer , all at work painting various version of sonny steele smile . push in on last draw , the close approximation of the sonny we see in the freeze frame ; the same dazzle smile , he eye full of life and mischief . int . airline terminal - southwest - day loa OPEN close on a sleep cowboy . sonny . his stetson pull down ' against the harsh fluorescent light . a little boy stand nearby , stare at he boot . sonny 's head rise slowly , he cluck softly as though to a horse . the boy smile . leroy , sonny 's assistant and dresser , move into shot and help he to he foot , prop he up . leroy come on , champ -- we gotta do Santa Paula . we follow from behind , as wendell , sonny 's manager abpear and take he other side . wendell be in he fifty , still hard - body with wind - leather skin and pale eye that take in more than they give out . x-ray of luggage - a pretty attendant 1 10b she look up . a smile of recognition . x-ray girl hi , there ! saw you on Mike Douglas last night ! in response , a tired hand touch the brim of he hat . saddle and bag 10 '' travel a conveyor beit to the plane . the whine of jet engine . int . dressing room under a stadium - sonny - night Il close on he face , blank , lifeless . pull back to see he sprawle in a chair while leroy struggle to get boot on he . sonny be in trousers of purple and green , wire hang loosely from the waist . Old scar adorm he chest . ( continued ) il 12 continued : Il around he waist and over he shoulder be a complicated back support . wendell pace . : leroy toca not do it , he layin ' down . they lift sonny to he foot , stuff he into a match shirt . the second they let go , sonny start to slump toward the chair . . wendell no you do not , son ... later . ext . passageway under the stand - ampco flunky - '' 12 night he check he watch impatiently . he wear a mustard color blazer . a corporate logo feature a run horse be emplazon above he heart . we hear the loud varoom of car revving . a final crash and then the SOUND of a crippled car move away . applause . announcer's voice look like floyd gerber have have it for the night . and that mean that lester crosley of Santa Rosa have win the demolition derby ! more applause . announcer's voice ( continue ) and now folk , while we get ready for the next race , we have get a special treat for you ... behind the ampco man , the dress room door open and wendell and leroy manhandle the vag-doll figure of sonny out the door . ampco man ( disgust ) be he go ’to make it ? wendell do not he always ? they move sonny down a darken passageway as ampco watch . ( continued ) 12 13 14 be 16 continued : ° 12 announcer's voice + 1 : you be gonna get to meet one of the all time great cowboy -- five time all around orld Champion ; sonny steele ! . follow ampco up through the walkway that look out onto the stadium grounds . light inside dim to black . a long pause and nothing happen . announcer's voice ( continue ; . repeating sonny steele ! . still nothing . ampco be come unglue . then , SOUND of hoofbeat as sonny enter the arena riding in dark - ness , _ suddenly he light up like a Christmas tree ! announcer's voice ( continue ) * sonny steele appear tonight through the courtesy of ranch Breakfast , a division of ampco industry , sonny make a tiumphal circle , then come to a stop . he vear the horse , and hold up a oversize light - up cereal box . | closer - sonny . . 13 as the horse rear he lose he balance , but somehow rally , grab the saddle hor steadying himself and turn on the devastating smile . freeze frame and super MAIN title : the electric horseman . omitted . 14 & 15 ext . a 727 taking off - night 16 music and title continue . 17 18 19 20 int . first CLASS cabin - sonny - night 17 he be slump in he seat , hat over eye , apparently asleep . pull back to see wendell seat across the aisle , and the stewardess wheeling the drink cart be - tween they . she stop by sonny , but wendell gesture to she , shaking he head " no , " finger . to he lip . she understand , continue down aisle , wendell be be - lieve . closer - sonny = - " 18 under he hat brim he have one eye open -- very auch awake . tilt down to see that he have grab two tequila miniature from cart . ext . shopping mall - close - sonny - day 19 title continue . wearing another ridiculously overdo outfit , he stand on a platform cover with astroturf , beside he , two ten-foot box of " country Breakfast . " a arched trellis over the platform carry a sign : country breakfast and sonny steele - two world champion . sonny pass out miniature box of the cereal to the crowd . sonny ( over p.a. ) build strong body in 12 different way . better than orange juice .. , toast ... bacon ... he stop . the erowd wait : sonny ( continue ) ++. toast ... bacon . close - wendel - : 20 in the crowd . wendell ( feed he ) egg -- 21 22 full shot including sonny al sonny + ggg ... toast ... bacon ... egg , abh ... ( a beat , then ; ) egg and ham and chicken and waffle and meat loaf and fish and olive and that bean thing and -- wendell be shaking he head , look at the ground . pan over to a limousine garishly paint to match the '' ranch Breakfast " box . the ampco man stand beside the limo -- angry -- as usual . close - a television screen - day 22 title continue . the beautiful thoroughbre stallion canter in a meadow . suddenly he be travel through a immaculate scien - tific laboratory . commercial announcer ( portentiously ) in research nee the stallion race past a oil drilling rig . commercial announcer ( continue ) . .tn exploration !... the stallion gallop past a assembly line . commercial announcer ( continue ) in industry ... the b.g. be now food product . commercial announcer ( continue ) --. and nutrition , the stallion leap -a high fence . freeze he jump . commercial announcer ( continue ) . ampco industry -- the rising star. for a better world today .. and tomorrow ! ( continued ) 22 continued : 22 pull back to see sonny , wendell and leroy seat at a bar in a small town cafe . . leroy won my rent off that sucker plenty 'a time . wendell horse should be at stud , sonny we ail should , in the doorway the ampco man look in , point toward the limo . wendell we know , junior ... we know . 23 int . a supermarket - grand open - day 23 huge display , advertisment . people jam the aisle , all stare off . camera follows they gaze , discover sonny in another outlandish costume , astride a small mechanical horse . at the edge of the crowd a girl wave to get sonny 's attention . she be dress in western clothes . she 's pretty but vapid . girl hil ! lucinda . lucinda fairlee ? :. the jb ranch trick cowgirl rider ? sonny do not remember , sonny sure ... hiya , lucinda . lucinda / girl since you see we I be the’ only original jb ranch trick cowgirl . leave . all the other quit . April and gretchen marry brother . he look past she , wishing he be somewhere else . lucinda ( continue ) you do not remember , do you ?... last month ?.. , after the watsonville rodeo ? : ( continued ) 23° , continued : . 23 '' sonny : sure ... the watsonvil lie rodeo , how ya! doin ' : at that moment the little gitt on sonny 's 's lap wet she pants . sonny lift she off he just as leroy flip a switch and the machine begin its parody of a horse . sonny bob up and down , up , and down . push to he face ; end title . : . . a 2a/25 close a television screen . - day es + 0 . | 24/25 - so a beautiful , thozoghbre stallion canter in a meadow . lady and gentlemen or ampco '' '' industry -- rising Star ; horse Racing 's 's most honore stallion . suadenty ' the | laboratory the stallion 7 in exploration ! ose '' past a vassexbly line . : . vorce # 2 ' in industry ... _a movie camera pan inte the ' lens . . '' vorce '' ' th entertainnent .. 220 sailboat - a . '' voice 52 recreation ... ' now - food product . voice # 2 | sy and nutrition . . for freeze . the stallion in a slow motion gallop . Super the , : ameco loco . vee voice # 2 ampco . industry ; the rising Star for a better world today and tomorrow ! 24/25 continued : . 24 /25 . : pull back to see sonny , wendell and leroy in a hotel suite , mo . somewhere in the southwest . wendell write a post card at the coffee table .. there be a room service cart with a bowl of pickle . sonny be stretch on a couch sip Jack Daniels , ~ chase it with beer . leroy change the channel . ee co ' prox . : : won my rent off ' that sucker . plenty 'a time - wendell '' : ( write ) . . . | hor se should be at tu : ' aoe a sonny he. ' all should . a exroy turn off the ty , pick up one of sonny '' 's '' garish costume , ' begin . sewing a be on . . beauty in - _ . jride '' they ..hell ! he 's goin ' sit . - on he on a stage ... with rubber booty on he - '' wendell shoot a glance at ' leroy . sonny ' sit up , wince | at the pain - in he back . wendell hand sonny the post card . '' wendell - oie . '' sign that , it 's to wilkin 's boy . uo he draw " Little venus " in fiarview . we gotta : send he . pecisigatviee luck . ' gign ) ote ae he will need it : ai not he the kid feel outa 's the barber chair ? . a ° nd < 7 stay on worse than '' spittle venus '' - the '' wendell pick up a newspaper , begin ee rai : casino '' os we ~ : " . wendell ai not no worse than " Little venus . '' continued 24/25 continued : ( 2 ) : leroy . " twinkles '' be worse than " venus " S . , sonny do 8 on '' twinkles , nobody 's . do '' twinkles '' since : , '' sonny _ I be not on " tvinkle '' to more ! IL get no interest to bet / 4 | ) leroy . - oo seat heli ... just complimentin ' yas wendell and leroy exchange a look . : a 's sonny ' get I a couple a they 's yellow one 's léroy . : : '' leroy _f get ' the brace over there Le it ? 's hurtin 's > bo. : a sonny - just _ binme the pill " leroy so '' you already . take wake-up .-. w. sonny a don 's t need no mawa , leroy . but the image of leroy sewing ' button on ' suddenly strike 's - sonny as funny . 's he begin to laugh . : sonny * ceontinelen ) . . just when you finisk you sewing , - would you burp I please . leroy reluctantly get a pill vial from the ' cabinet , band sonny exo yellow capsule . he swallow they with a beer .. ore wendell : . ae oe : ranch for sale in colby . ..£0 you '' hundred fifty acre , cattle and ... leroy : ( to sonny ) : , wi. sh you would a buy that ranch . in . é . . farina ...' stead a the malibu place . : a " 24/25 continued : @ : . sonny 's . . : you be in that water faster then moe oo ..° anybody , leroy ! flappin 's around . . like a damm penguin . what the hell 's of i : '' wrong with you guy ? you get room 2 fol , '' : service , you get lady in the lobby , lae . .. you fly first class , 's the laundry come : back with tissue paper in it . Hell , we " be livin ! iike millionare . : leroy oe Cowboys in the ocean ? do not make * goin to work svery night havin 's ' bull tap dance my back , do not if ? leroy , get that thing press | before the stadium tonight . id not have no horse step on my abdomen '' 2 '' . today .... do not catch my foot in no stirrup ~~ and have no bren usin my head for ; 2 ping - 4 254 2583 25c 25d 25e will . ext . a minor league stadium -' night 254 we hear sound of the game , as sonny roar up in he white cadillac . he get out , start toward he trailor when he see the ampco man come toward he . sonny sneak a look at he watch , but for once the ampco man do not look annoyed . look smug . sonny abh ... soma car trouble . gonna change right now . ahpco man no rush . come with I a minute . '' this be not they usual routine . sonny follow ampco under the stand to a place where they can see the field . as they reach it we hear : announcement lady and gentleman , for country Breakfast ... the world 's : great cowboy ... Mr. sonny stéele ! on the ball field 's - darkness : 258 suddenly , out of the dark , a°rider in sonny 's light - up suit make a grand circle in front of the unseen cheering crowd . close - sonny : - ' 25c stun . sonny that 's not ... ampco man they do not know it . full shot - the night rider 25d just a shape . ' the outline of a man , a backdrop for the flicker light . closer - sonny 25e watch the part of hin that " belong " to ampco , hold on he face . then : >> 27 ext caesar' palace - front parking lot - day 27 a phony corral -- white log fence , green astroturf . from a luxurious van , rising Star be lead down a ramp by he wrangler , tommy . News camera turn , the crowd , include leroy , " och " and " ahh " . flashbulb pop . wendell come up . . wendell where the hell be he ? . _ leroy proly drunk in barstow . behind they , commotion , as some ' celebrity enter . 29 30 ( " roo | ms I y U c int lobby area - caesar' palace - door 29 the crowd at the door give way to bud broderick the ampco film star , and he companion , 's starlet j@anna camden . more flashbulb , as they smile and sign autograph . a bank of elevator 30 case of camrea equipment be be put on one elevator . they be stencile w.b.c , digest . when the cameraman , bernie , be satisfied that they be safe , he move to join he group at the other elevator . among he group be he assistant , eric , and hallie martin , thirty , chic , urban and at the moment very bored . they be attend by fitz - -gerald , the ampco pr Chief . bernie what time be the press conference ? hallie shrug . : fitagerald you have get half a hour . Elevator arrive . we follow they in . int elevator - fitzgerald , hallie , bernie , eric 31 hallie lean she head back against the corner , eye half - close . fitzgerald I be sure you will love you room , the place be yours , we have get half a dozen Movie people , bug broderick just come in with joanna camden , rising Star 's here . we get the biggest damn Earth mover you ever see ... a helluva show plan for tonight and -- bernie what be you do with the horse ? ( continued ) 14 , 31 continued : 31 fitzgerald he will be onstage with sonny steele , | you know , the cowboy we use for ranch Breakfast . bernie ( to hallie ) Worth cover ? fitzgerald ( nervously ) well ... there 's better stuff . the cowboy 's a peach of a guy -- but not terriffic copy . lot 's of " yup " and " shuck 's . . hallie 's eye open slightly . fitzgerald ( continuinr ) he 's no interviyw -- I would steer clear . 32 int hallway - elevator door OPEN : 32 fitzgerald remain inside elevator . fitzgerald see you downstairs . camera follow hallie , bernie and Eric down hallway . '' hallie yup .... so they do not want we to talk to the cowboy . bernie where do you want to start ? 's I gotta get a sandwith . hallie what do you mean where do I want to start ? with the cowboy , £m of course . bellman right here , miss Martin . 33 int lobby > caesar' palace . - day 33 more flashbulb . camera spot a sweet - lllking blonde in , she middle thirty as she approach the desk . her voice : have a Southern twang when she speak . ( continued ) 15 . 33 continued : . 33 woman Excuse I , have Mr. sonny steele check in yet ? clerk ( refer to note ) I do not have he list : 34 int . cleopatra's barge - bar - day 34 OPEN close on a small tape recorder . a finger press " start . " two drink be set down beside it and camera pull back to reveal a nervous wendell in conversation with hallie . hallie that 's a very unusual watchband . wendell thank you , mar 'am , it 's indian . hallie May I see it ? wendell take off he watch , hand it to she , all the while try to keep a eye on the door for sonny . hallie put the watch on . hallie ( continue ) it 's lovely . - ( hand it back ) listen ... why would ampco ask we not to interview sonny steele ? wendell where would you hear that ? hallie one of you ampco people . . wendell well ... that do not mean anything . they be just a little down on sonny right now ... he be not be actin’ himself lately . he 's a cowboy ...- sometimes he lose the best part of himself . hallie what 's the best part of himself ? ( continued ) 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 4l 16 . continued ; wendell oh , you would have to know he a long time to know that . hallie how long have you know he ? wendell Long , long time ... ' fore he daddy die . come up to my knee . camera have pulled away , and now pan all the activity in the casino -- display , celebrity , and always the flashbulb . : long view - the mountain across the desert - sunset the sun be a bloody yolk melting into the mountain top . music up . hold , then : closeup - a glove electrician's hand he throw a large toggle switch . full shot - a sign : . it light into life . animate ! a giant smile cow - boy , with a move arm ... hitchhike . thousands of blink light . swish pan from a clock to another electrical switch another hand throw this switch . full shot - a section of " the strip " - Three more sign leap into life . move , blink , silently shouting for attention . extreme closeup - still another switch spark fly as this one be slam home . wide angle - the entire las vega strip - sunset in full dress . a hundred million kilowatt , move , gyrate , spin , expand . ' ( continued ) 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 4 42 43 17 . continued : 41 through the center of this electric jungle , sonny 's white cadillac appear , thread it 's way thzoughk the traffic . as it pass camera , hold . ext caesar' palace - sonny arriving - sunset 42 he 's drive hard and he and the car show it . he start towards the entrance , but notice rising Star 's corrall he move to it , take of he sunglass and stare at the animal through red-rimme eye . wendell' voice sonny !! . he rush up , grab sonny by the arm and drag he toward the entranceway . wendell ( continue ) dammit , where you be ? sonny ( look back ; } hooo ...he 's slick . ( then ) what 's ... what 's he doin ' in the parking lot ? bendell I do not know , but he get here on time . c'mon ! int lobby -- wendell pulling sonny 43 wendell Press conference already start ... Danny mile be waitin ' all damn day to rehearse you ... leroy join they , hold a coat for sonny . he slip it on , in movement , while he grab a cocktail from a pass waitress . ~ sonny what do I hafta do ? do I hafta say something ? wendell Son , there 's be hell to pay around here ... all they news people -- so just behave , willya ? just behave . eee 43a 44 18 hallway near convention CENTER - sonny , wendell , leroy 43a walk fast . leroy blow in my face ... here 's some kid tic-tacs . sonny you will not guess who I see . rush and hawkman a ol ' bdgar Stone . they all send " hello " and foggy tate ' wife Louise , she gimmee this handkerchies . he take a silk kerchief from he pocker , smell - it . sonny | ( continue ) smell just like she . leroy | told you he would be in barstow . sonny damn they get pretty girl in Las Vegas ! 's ° wendell sonny , this thing be a big deal fer this people . T never see ‘em so nervous . company 's tryin to buy up some big bank and they want ' this thing all to go real smooth now . they stopX in front of the entrance to a conference room . sonmy _ what ! 's in here ? . _ wendell Press conference ! and yot be late . now do not tell no joke and do not 1i¢ nobody 's dress ! sonny what be I suppose to say ? . . . wendell nuthin , with any luck ! he push he in . int banquet room - PRESS conference - night 44 in progress . Reporters on fold chair face a dias . one empty chair . '' sonny step in . 4s 46 18a mo shot - hallie '' bernie 45 tighten on . she as she study sonny . ballie' Pov - sonny 46 a man who should not be at a press conference . fitzgerald glare at he , as he try to slip into the empty seat as inconspicuously as possible . at the center of the dias be dietrich , the second in command of the ampco corp . reporter # 1 | do you anticipate opposition to the takeover of omnibank ? dietrich just a moment ... this be not a take - over , this be a merger . reporter # 1 but omnibank have always fight takeover ... merger , be not that -- dietrich we think that attitude be change , . and all for the better . fitzgerald ( rescue ) Troy reed look about ready to jump out of he skin ... what 's you question , Troy ? : troy ( to Bud broderick ) Bud , you have play opposite just about every major actress . who in pour opinion be the best ... kisser ? Reporters chuckle : broderick wait , then : . broderick that would depend on what part of the body you have in mind . sonny stare at he . a big laugh ; broderick yell over it . 's broderick ( continue ) . and I dare you to print that ! hallie get to she foot . ( continued ) 46 19 continued : oo 46 / hallie Mr. steele , why would you come forty - five minute late for the press conference ? she 's quiete the room . sonny be startle by the direct - ness of the question . he look she over for a moment . sonny . ahhhh ... well , I do not get here on time . : a laugh . hallie I see ... do you eat the cereal that you advertise , .. ranch Breakfast ? sonny yes matam ... I do . . hallie one follow up question ; you be three time all around World Champion cowboy -- sonny -- five time , mar 'am . hallie Excuse I , five time ... and now you sell . Breakfast @ereal . 's how do you feel about that ? Reporters and executive watch the exchange . sonny stare at she . sonny _ --- good . it 's my ... who the heil be you lady ? . fitzgerald -- ahh ... we be run a little behind . Mr. sear have invite you to be he guest at the reception across the hall , before the show . I hope to see you all there . thank you very much . thank you . ( continued ) 21 48 conti njed : . . 48 sonny only half - listen . he walk around rising Star , patting he , cluck . he hear the horse 's breathe . . . sonny what you get he on ? wrangler penicillin . a cynical look from sonny . wrangler ( continue ) +-- and a little bute . sonny _ that tendon should be bandage . wrangler - they think it would not look right . danny ahh hello ... sonny , the first thing you do after you stop be you say -- sonny -- you horse be stone . _ wrangler how we gonna get he up here on this stage in front of all this -- danny -- Excuse I , gentleman ! we be try to rehearse ! sonny , you first line be -- ( check script ) " ranch Breakfast -- a champ 's way to start the morning ' -- then you look at the horse and you say , ' ai not that right , rising Star ... if you agree , do not say anything . that 's where the laugh come . {hands script ) - you try it . sonny glance at the script , start to read : sonny . ba ' ranch Breakfast -- a champ 's way to start the morning ... ' he stop - look at the horse - troubled . he start 22 48 continued : ( 2 ) . 48 danny C then you say , ' ai not that right , rising Star ? if you agree , do not we say anything ! ' sonny . ' ai not that right , rising Star ? ( pause ) " jf you agree , do not say anything . ' he set the script down . '' sonny ( continue ) ok ...ok . can somebody write this dialogue on the saddle there . awgy . danny I do not expect olivier , but this be ridiculous . ( to the wrangler ) the man have no sense of theatre . 7 we 23 . 49 , int hallway - caesar' palace - sonny & wendell 49 sonny be walk fast . wendell try to keep up . wendell . sonny this be hunt sear , chair - man of the board , this be not no ampco flunkie . sonny this it here ? wendell - you be in no shape to talk to no hunt sear . -. sonny : what i. gotta do first , jog ? they be at the curtain entrance to the convention center . before wendell can stop he , somny enter . _ 50 int convention room - sonny entering 50 see it the way he do . advertize display everywhere . animate , lit , adorn with model . brochure be hand out , music play in the bg . happy ampco exec 's with wife and mistress . sonny call out to a ampco blazer . sonny sear here ? blazer scissor ? sonny you boss ? , _ blazer yeah ... I think he be . 50a another area '- hallie & bernie 50 a she direct he filming of a large ampco earth - mover display , back by a brightly light mural of the logo . - ue .* hallie do not make it look like a ampco coumercial . bernie that 's what it be , a ampco com - mereial . ( continued ) 50 a 50 B 50c 51 . * 51a continued : hallie then lett -- as she turn she head she suddenly react . hallie' p.o.v . - sonny across the room , he have be accost by one of the reporter and he . girlfriend . close shot - hallie be . study he . then she move foreward towards where he travelling with sonny - through crowd _ a man in a suit have latch onto he . suit . it will be he first horse , what kind you think be best ? . sonny how old 's you kid ? sulit six . sonny then you want a short horse . 24 , 504 50 B 50c 51 . he have arrive before the twice life -size cut - out of he - self . he stare up at the blink light . another area - toland , dietrich , fitzgerald sla they be flanking a dark bespectacle man , quietly dress . this be hunt sear , corpor pire . dietrich . out of the blue , we be on the oumibank merger ... who the hell be that guy ? fitzgerald perry Cross , Washington Bureau of the Times , he 's connect at treasury . toland he should not have be at the conference . . ( continued ) eat genius behind the ampco en- off se ssba 52 25 . continued : 50a sear spilt milk . a couple come up to shake hand . sear ( continue ) hello harold .... ( toland whisper , in he ear ) - and ... mae , be not it ? mae be delighted to be remember . 52 another angle - sonny he turn from the display as a waitress pass . he grab a drink from the tray , as a pretty actress approach he . she be sunny angel . - angel ' hi famous cowboy , I be sunny angel . but sonny be look past she to hallie . they be separate - by the crowd . there 's a awkward intensity in the way they regard each other . . a i angel os " revenge of the cheerleader " ? " stew in chain " ? sonny be about to speak to hallie , as a ampco executive pull he around to face a middle - age couple : ampco . . sonny , there 's a couple of people : I would like you to meet . this be Mr. and Mrs Phillips . sonny ( to hallie ) the ' mean question 's lady . mrs phillip what ? hallie ( call back ) just curious . ( continued ) ooo ~ 52 continued : 26 . 52 ampco gebrge Phillips -- the ' million dollar Club . he sell a million dollar worth of ranch Breakfast -- angel ( leave ) sure like the way you twinkle ! sonny ( to hallie ) _ you know what curiosity do to the cat . ampco + .. , and this be Mrs. Phillips . sonny how would you do . mrs phillip 's I just love that ... that big picture of you , : mr. phillip very , very effective , very eye - catch . ampco Grace , why do not you get over there in front of the poster with sonny and George can take a picture of you to send back home . . sonny : - T will tell you what , why do not ya take Grace 's picture in front of the picture of I ... with the box with my picture on it ..holdin ' the box ... with the picture of I ? then ya get Grace ... and a whole lot 'a picture of I . : he sort of smile as he back off . 53 travelling with hallie - and troy reed : 53 the reporter who ask the asinine question of Bud broderick earlier . troy we meet in New York . ( continued ) ' 53 54 55 56 ' leroy and wendell - entering continued : hallie do we like each other ? troy I do not think so . travelling with sonny - moving toward bar still look for sear . a new man accost he . new man '' listen , I want to talk ‘to you about Salt Lake and that - tv show in Denver , we make some change in you copy -- sonny -- Bet it 's short , right ? joanna camden move in with a photographer . joanna hello sonny , I be joanna camden , this be madness , would you believe yesterday I be in Norway . this guy want to take we picture . leroy why would you leave he go in here in the first place ? wendell . just shut up and find he ! close sonny - at the bar a moment of privacy . then Bud broderick enter . bud oh , . Boy , this be a erazy business we be in , be not it ? get to ya . I be lookin ' for a place e’get away from it all . you be a cowboy , you know what I mean . some place where it can just clear up the old brain . ride out there and breath in the air . I mean the real stuff , Montana , Wyoming . * sonny . I think you ought to stick closer to malibu . he see sear , move away from the bar . 27 . 53 54 55 56 — eee 564 37 28. travelling with sonn : 56A sunny angel hit on he again . angel hey ... I see you ride in cheyenne -+-. you sure stay on a long time . he walk right past she and towards sear group . sear , sonny and executive - near motorcycle 57 . toland might try to stop sonny , but ; : sonny Mr. sear -- sear hello sonny . about time we finally meet be not it ? sonny yes sir ... it 's about time we meet . sear ' everyone here know Mr. steele ? ( they nod ) what do you think of we horse ? could not find you a better straight man could we ? sonny Mr sear , I would like to have a . word with -- toland perhaps later , Mr. -- . sear . ' beautiful animal be not it , sonny ? sonny he 's a amazing animal ... but ... he do not belong in no parking lot in Las Vegas . . sear ( warmly ) I do not suppose Las Vegas be the most natural place in the world for any of we , be it ? sonny I do not know ... that horse ain 's t feelin’ good . ( continued ) 29 . 57 continued : 57 fitzgerald ( patting sonny 's shoulder ) well let 's get he a drink , he laugh , no one else do . dietrich I guarantee you that animal get better care than you or I . toland - he represent a substantial in - vestment - you can be sure we have entrust . he care to expert . sonny ; ( a edge ) : well they expert be not so expert ! there would be a strong reaction , but at this point a. matron come up with a picture of sonny . oo matron Mr. steele , would you sign this - please , .. for my daughter , tammy . he sign quickly . '' . 57a close shot hallie - near the heavy machinery s7a she lean against something , watch . 57b back to sonny , sear and executive 57b sonny , there you go , ma'an , hand she the picture . fitzgerald listen , sonny , why do not I have Mr. sear secretery make a app -- sonny what you doin ' stickin ' he up on . a stage with a bunch of chorus girl ? why would you want to do that ? dietrich just a minute , Mr. steel -- sonny i'm talkin ' to he , ( continued ) nla no 578 continued 298 57b sear it sell product . you must not try to apply logic to advertising , sonny , it will only confound you , the matron dart back in again . matron Excuse I , could I have my pen back . sonny give it back to she . ' . sonny wait a minute ...now i. gotta get on he here in a few minute and ride he out ona stage full 'a dancin’ girl and circle three time ... and stop on some dot ... ' applause , applause , applause 's , why I do not know -- . sear patience be grow thin . sear : sonny well ... it do not feel right . seem wrong . all they light winkin ' and blinkin' . listen , I use to rodeo , I be pretty good at it -- - yes ? -- sear that 's irrelevant . sonny to who !! sear Mr. steele , this be a conversation we should have at another time . sonny would it matter ? sear what matter be that you fulfill the requirement of you contract , which do not include pass judgement on corporate policy . : sonny there be not anything in my contract about ridin 's toy horse -~- ( continued ) ee 298 578 continued : ( 2 ) '' s7p sear you be not in rodeo anymore ... and actually you be more famous now , be not you ? you face be on million of box , on billboard - all over the country -- sonny I be not talkin’ about -~-~ sear : - '' -- I be talk about the fact that you voluntarily accept a highly pay , relatively simple job that more than a handful of cowboy would give they right arm for . sonny stare at he ... a long moment . sonny you be right . : : sear I do not want just to be right . sonny - you want I to like it ? sear it would be a factor in we work relationship . fitagerald | . Mr. sear , we would like to get a picture of you with joanna camden ...by the Earth mover . they move away , leave sonny . 57 '' travelling with sear and executive . . 576 as they move towards the heavy machinery . - toland I be sorry , sir . . sear it 's allright . apparently it be necessary . ( to Dietrich ) . when this be over -- get rid of he . 58 another part of the room - sonny on he way out once again , sunny angel be in front of he . angel too big to talk to I , huh ? ~ sonny ' Lady , either leave I alone or take off you dress . she go into a karate stance , nail he hard , send he back into a table of canape . everyone shut up , turn to stare . ° leroy's voice : wendell , I find sonny ? '' pan to hallie , stare down at he . 59 . 60 vue int lobby - sonny moving through 59 piece of canape on he shirt . as. he move toward US he stop abruptly , do a 180 turn , see someone , and duck down a alley of slot machine . at the end he peek around a corner , then move back the other way , convinced he 's safe . but he come face to face with charlotta , the blonde woman we see earlier at the desk . he react quickly , try to cover it . : . sonny heyyyy ...! charlotta get a quarter ? " sonny charlotta ..-... '' : charlotta sonny -- | : sonny - : do not say it ! I will bet the check in the mail . you know | wendell handle all that . come talk to I . a oo they move toward the '' bar . + charlotta a how be ol wendell who cai not find a stamp ? int bar - cleopatra 's barge - night -. sonny & charlotta 60 : a waitress be there immediately . sonny . Jack Daniels - beer back , the Lady take a Rob Roy . : charlotta orangeade . I quit . sonny ( stunne ) orangeade ??? you be not bear again , be you ? charlotta . : maybe I be .. I get I a record contract now -- all on my own , too . you be sure and tell wendell hixson that . continued 60 continued sonny you sure be down on wendell , not that it blame you -- the check 's always béin ' late and all . charlotta I do not want to talk about the check . , sommny =. oh. charlotta , - . you know what I want to talk about , I want you to sign the papers : do not you think I see you try to slip out of here ? I leave three '' message at the desk , and it ... sonny . hold on ? hold oa ! TI never get any message . 4 soc y charlotia . the judge say you have to sign ‘em and I hear you own dam lawyer tell you to sign ‘em . do not you ever want to be divorced for veal ? '' 2 sony . yes , I do , it 's just I be so busy . - lo , charlottia - '' : busy ?? doin 's what , makin up excuse ? you get somebody now who wait up all night cause you get a ' flat tire 's ? '' lose you key ..- otf you " ' run outa gas 's . _.took a ' wrong turn 's . show up at six o'clock in the mornin spectin ' I to feed breakfast to a dozen cowboy , ' cept some of " they be ? cowgirl who do not bother to look like they be in the back seat ? ( continued ) elem ee ete tm ee ee a oe a 4 . 60 ° continued : ( 2 ) , 60 * sonny 'o co , ' . charlotta , you get . a mean dam mamory ... couple a little party -- ss . se charlotta couple ? ? that light - up suit must of give you shock - treatment , I be talkin’ . a lot 'a party and a lot 'a back seat -- . . sonny a if it have not be for back seat we would 'a never mét ! , charlotta . -- and you be probably still .doin 's it . stayin ' up all night , burmin ' yourself out , ' you be only walkin ! around to save funeral expense ! : sonny - ees then smile .:. you 'l L get my insurance ! charlotta . they cancel you insurance . ' I get you medical report . you know what you skelton look like in they x- ray pitcher ?? a goddam junkyard ! you could not get through a airport mote medieet detector stark naked . pin and wire ! pin and wire ? . sonny gimme the papers . - she 's surprised . check to make sure he mean it . take | the papers out of she purse , hand they to he with she pen .. - she point to the place for he to sign . . . charlotta wae - what 's in there 's real fair . - . ( watch he sign ) you look like hell . sonny ' . . boat : , ~ ( still signing ) , be 2 . ' and you look terriffic . - - . . 1 . clook up ) why do not you come up to the room ? . ' / ( continued ) 60 continued : ( 3 ) revise 11/12/7855 60 charlotta I can not . ( then ) you just know what would happen , besides IL get somebody really like I now . sonny '' . ( hand she the papers ) that 's not hard to do . ( then ) : . who 's the fella ? charlotta . ( proudly ) billy Roy fix . sonny ( smile ) : guess there 's just somethin’ about we wester star . he stand up , pat she cheek . _ " sonny : bye darlin’ 63 64 65 34 . on stage ~ MAIN room - caesar' palace - night 63 the show in progress . a review number celebrate ampco . machinery and chorus girl . special effect and music . backstage area 64 sonny walk into the area where rising Star be saddle , be gentle by the wrangler . the.horse be decorate like sonny ; light bulb in a leather collar around he neck and over he chest . Danny mile pace nervously . danny well ... Mr. steele . sonny ignore he , stare at the horse for a moment . he walk over and look at the performer on stage . camera push in on he face , he move back to rising Star , swing into the saddle , take the rein from the wrangler . : danny . ( refer to cue sheet ) after this number , then the motorcycle daredevils -- God save we -- and then you and the horse . but sonny have , begin move rising Star toward the stage entrance . Danny watch he , first puzzle , then alarmed , as sonny plug himself in and light himself and the horse . danny not now !... too late . danny ( continue ) ... not now ! on stage - rising STAR and sonny 65 the review continue . the horse appear upstage . the audience notice sonny 's entrance first . as the per - former try to ignore he , go on with the show , sonny ride slowly , deliberately down the middle of the stage to the head of the ramp . . 66 67 68 69 70 35 . new angle - the audience . 66 they be delighted -- they jabber and point . some get to they foot , applaud . everybody ignore the disin - tegrating show as sonny ride down the ramp through the room , on the maitre d' - MAIN room exit 67 he watch in disbelief as sonny ride up to he -- nobody 's tell he about this part of the show . sonny well ? open the door . the maitre D ' hesitates , then push open the door , maitre d' sorry , Mr. steele ... nobody tell ... int . casino - caesar be _ alace ~ sonny and rising STAR 68 sonny hold he back , force he to walk in a impor - tant , stately way right through the middle of the pit and to the front entrance of the hotel , the light on he suit constantly twinkle . the gambler react the . same way as the audience in the showroom . I ext . entrance - caesar' palace - sonny riding off - 69 night - the carparker , the major domo watch sonny come out of the hotel , pause for a second and then continue viding -- faster , toward the street . a bewilder tourist stand dumbfounded . : tourist do you see ... major domo must be some breakfast food . ext . parking lot - sonny and rising STAR - night 70 his electric suit flash in the Las Vegas night -- rising Star lope along -- he light blink with sonny'' . 71 - 72 73 74 75 backstage - MAIN room - caesar' palace - night 7l frantic activity -- chorus girl troop , bewilder through the wing as the SOUND of revving motorcycle engine deafen we . a frantic Danny mile shout to the motorcyclist : danny forget the routine !... do the finale first ! : someone grab he arn . danny ( continue ) get you hand off I ! can not ... he whirl and face a confuse and angry Dietrich . dietrich what the hell 's go onl ? why would you change ... I mean , what 's steele do with the horse ? danny what be you people do with steele ! 2 ??? ext . las vega strip -. sonny and rising STAR - night 72 move through the collage of neon . people stare , some aven wave . a police car pass , pay no attention . there be the beginning of a new look on sonny 's face . ext . a corner - las vega - night 73 sonny and Star turn off the thoroughfare , and head down a darken street . sonny reach down , unplug he '' : cord , and the twinkle light go out , as he and the horse fade into the black desert night . int . casino - caesar' palace - hallie - night 74 she streak through the gambling table with bernie , she cameraman , in tow . int . sear ' suite - caesar' palace - night 75 Dietrich , toland and another executive all look grim . fitzgerald chew gelusil . sear be pack angrily . Danny mile be seat with the wrangler we see earlier stand stoically by . ( continued ) 75 continued : call : sear be too angry to speak . : dietrich hunt , it 's do all the time . the tranquilizers keep he calm , the butazoladine be for the tendon ... fitzgerald answer two phone in the b.g. fitzgerald mutual Indemnity and the nevada State Police , which do you want ? sear neither ! I want this keep quiet fitzgerald like World War two ? wrangler you might as well know the rest , mr.. sear . sonny know horse , I think he guess we be use steroid to muscle he up . sear ( impatiently ) be they dangerous ?? wrangler well ... they make the horse sterile . dietrich 's temporarily ! it 's just a side effect . danny ah ... the world of illusion . sear this be like hand a load gun to unibank . we be not talk about a horse , gentleman . we be talk about blow a three hundred million dollar merger ! if steele talk to anyone before he 's catch , we be finish . ampco and the horse be the same turn , he just glare at then . thing ! if we have mismanaged the horse , then we have mismanaged the corporation ... we stock go down , and there go the merger ! ( continued ) 75 75 76 38 . continued : ( 2 ) 75 fitzgerald could not he have call the s.p.c.a .? dietrich what do you want to tell the reporter ? : sear to go back to bed . , fitzgerald I do not think that 's possible . sear one drunken cowb oy ! int . hallway outside sear suite - reporter - night 76 they have be wait . some be drink , smoking , all be anxious to file storey . as the door open and fitzgerald appear , they move in on he like a pack of hungry wolf . ~ fitzgerald ( hand up . hey , guy , there 's nothing I can ... reporter # 1 be this you stunt , fitz ...? : fitzgerald +. tell you now , I do not know any more ... reporter # 2 do he steal the horse ? fitzgerald . than you people know . . reporter # 1 you look serious , fitz , do you have insurance ? fitzgerald we will not need insurance ! hallie oh , I see , it 's just he regular midnight ride on the strip , right , fitzgerald ? ( continued ) 76 77 78 39 . continued : 76 fitzgerald look , if there 's anything more to say , we will see you in the morning . ' please , fella , restraint ... restraint , huh ? I be go to bed , I suggest you do the same . ext . desert - helicopter - night v7 like giant insect , three of they swoop past , they powerful spotlight pan the desert floor . hold on the moonlit landscape . then , seemingly out of nowhere , come the shadowy figure of sonny and rising Star , move ghostlike across the sand . int . hallie' room - caesar' palace - night 78 close on tape recorder . pull back to see she seat at a desk . she have a drink , be smoking and study publicity photo of sonny . she wear glass , she shoe be off and she clothes loosen . wendell' voice ( from the tape ) ' | , arid then when sonny 's daddy , ‘ol shelton , die , Gus raise he . sonny be marry right in Gus 's live room . ever a man love a man ... sonny surely love Gus atwater . 's hallie examine sonny 's photo . most be the usual empty glossy . but one be more candid , off guard ... something vulnerable , trouble show through . camera push to this photo as wendell 's voice continue : wendell' voice ' and when that woman quit hin , you know where sonny come to cool himself out . course , Gus be gettin’ old and strange this day . ' hallie' voice ' why would she quit he ?! wendell '’s voice ' who know ... sonny may 'a be in the public eye , but he always keep he private life private . ' 79 80 81 82 83 40 , ext . - high angle - nevada desert and mountain - dawn 79 the first ray of the sun sparkle across the vastness of the desert floor . in the distance be a cluster of small tree . closer - the strand of tree - sonny - dawn . 80 curle up in a tight ball on the desert floor . he open one eye . the light hurt . he blink , stare , see the expanse of sand , then the leg of the horse , then the horse himself . he have a terrible hangover . everything hurt . he get to he knee , wince , and erawl painfully to the horse . he gently examine the swollen tendon on the horse 's back leg . as he touch it : sonny goddammit ... ( then ) sorry ' bout last night . he creak to he foot , put the saddle on the horse but do not cinch it . then he take the rein in . he hand . sonny c'mon , junkie , we still get some ground to cover . he get he bearing , then the two move away from camera , sonny ’on foot lead the horse .. high angle - SMALL cabin - day 81 with a break down porch , and ramshackle shed in back . park awkwardly beside the shed be a mud-cover but new tioga camper . scrawle across . the spare tire be " wild blue yonder . " scrawny chicken peck and squawk . faint strain of a squeaky fiddle drift up toward we . close - sonny . with rising STAR - hilltop - day 82 stare at the cabin . despite the sweat and dust and obvious fatigue , the trace of a smile begin . int . PRESS conference - caesar' palace - morning 83 News camera film Dietrich as he read he formal announcement to reporter . hallie and templeton be there . camera push to Dietrich . ( continued ) 83 84 41 . continued : 83 dietrich we have be advise by the Attorney General of the State of nevada that the theft of rising Star be grand larceny , a felony . in the event this prove to be a deliberate act , a felony warrant will be issue for Mr. steele . at this time , however , we primary concern be the welfare of we horse . int . casino - slot machine - fitzgerald and hallie 84 fitzgerald have a drink and a hatful of quarter . he play the slot throughout the follow . hallie what do he say to sear at the reception ? they be at each other , what 's that all about ? fitzgerald give we a break will you , ha -- hallie ~- ransom ... what about ransom ? fitzgerald the man 's not that crazy . hallie have you think of brain damage ? he 's be toss off a horse enough time . fitzgerald so the cowboy 's emotionally disturb , who be not ? hallie . be you say he make a mistake and he will bring it back when he " cool out ' and return to he sense ? fitzgerald I do not know ! lemme alone -- I do not know any answer , 'I do not know why he take the horse . li do not know from brain damage , I do not know from cool out ? go find somé good news , willya for chrissake ?! ( continued ) 85 86 42 . continued : 84 hallie ( to herself ) '... cool out ... ' she whirl quickly and move away . fitzgerald play slot . int . hallie' room - caesar' palace - day 85 she rush in , move quickly to she tape recorder , press the rewind button , wait , then hit the " play " button . wendell' voice '... he " indian gentle " that horse , and when he be do you could put a baby infant on it . that 's when he be about ... oh , thirteen . 's she hit " fast forward . " scramble sound , then she hit " play . " wendell' voice 'l .. sonny 's daddy , 'ol shelton die , Gus raise he . sonny be marry right in Gus 's live room . ever a man love a man ... sonny love Gus atwater . and when that woman quit he , you know where sonny come to cool himself out . course , Gus be gettin '' old and strange this day . " int . convention hall - ampco display - day 86 ' Reporters and news people listen to a " spiel " about ampco clothes , modell by high fashion mannequin move through a stage routine . hallie move through the crowd to the " ranch Breakfast " display that fea - ture the cutout of sonny , complete with blink light . fashion voice . '... im a exciting " jockey " motif , construct of synthetic fiber develop in ampco 's new synthetics laboratory . this revolutionary fiber call " amp - strand " will outwear even the most durable nylon . . ( more ) ( continued ) 86 87 43 , continued : 86 fashion voice ( cont 'd ) an_extensive array of rainbow color with coordinate accessory will be available for mass - marketing by early fall ... ' a ampco man in blazer attend the " ranch Breakfast " display . : hallie have you see wendell hixson ? ampco man saw he sidekick hang around . I think he 's in the bar , int . casino bar - leroy - day 87 have a drink . hallie enter , spot leroy and move to the seat next to he . hallie see wendell ? leroy oh , God , I have not see nobody . ever 'body 's crazy ' round here today . hallie can I buy you a drink ? . leroy get one . [ t 's my limit . hallie tell I something , just something personal , be you surprised he do that ? leroy sonny ? oh ... sonny surprised ya . some surprise ya bigger than other . chold he hand out ) gave I this ring . just like that one day ! have wendell 's tooth fix for he . : ( continued ) '' 87 88 89 90 ak , continued : 87 hallie what 's you last name ? leroy smitley . hallie ( snap she finger ) rey , y'know what , I think we have a mutual friend . leroy oh , yeah , who 's that ? who we know ? hallie Gus atwater . leroy ( surprised ) . I know Gus , you know Gus ? how d' you know Gus ? hallie where 's he from , tuba City ? leroy Nah , hell , he be not but 30 mile from right here . up by mesquite . then ) sonny take care a' Gus , too . give he stuff you would not believe . ext . two - lane road - travelling shot - day 88 on the back of a tioga camper . written across the spare tire cover be " Wild Blue yonder . " -int . tioga ~ sonny ~- day 89 drive . he be shave and be in different clothes . we hear a wheeze SOUND . as sonny glance back , we pan to see rising Star stand incongruously in the live area of the camper . ext . police helicopter - day - $ 0 make a low pass over the highway . 91 92 93 45 , aerial view ~ the highway - day . gl the top of sonny 's tioga , but as we pull up and away we see that the road be a mass of recreational vehicle of all type . sonny 's tioga move anonymously among they , '' full shot - " celestial aura health food store " - Day 92 the small main street of a tiny town . pan around to see sonny , blanket over he shoulder , dark glass on , hat pull low over he eye , crossing the street . int . health food store - day 93 a girl in sandle , print dress to the floor , waist - length hair , look up as sonny enter , girl ' Morning . sonny ' Morning . have any eucalyptus leave ? girl you must be a Capricorn . he stare at she . . sonny ahh ... have any eucalyptus leave ? girl just tea bag . sonny . well , I need some of they tea . bag . . girl how many do you want ? sonny four or five dozen . . girl bag ? sonny box . 94 95 96 int . HOTEL corridor - bernie' room - hallie - day 94 bernie stand in the doorway argue with she . hallie I will have it back in twelve hour ! bernie I can not do it , I sign for it . I be responsible for it . I get to go with you , hallie I can not take you with I ! bernie why ? what have you get go ? bernie the union say -- hallie bernie ! '' bernie no! hallie bernie ... I be cover the french election in April . you want to go to Paris in April ? ext , high plateau - off the road - day 95 a small fire burn , smoking heavily . sonny dump another batch of the tea bag into the flame . rising Star stand by with a gumny sack tie around he ear . sonny grasp the bottom of the sack , rip it open , and spread it over the smoke make a chimmey . both of they be breathe smoke . sonny couple more time you will be breathe fine . ( cough ) i. live . long shot - SMALL cabin - day 96 the one sonny see earlier . ( continued ) 96 97 47 . continued : 96 the camper be no longer in evidence , gus atwater sit in a break chair on the front porch . he be a gtizzle old man whose clothes once fit . he play a squeaky fiddle . his crack voice be not always comprehensible . we hear bit of phrase like , . , " ys lightnin 's hoof . " .. , boi he '' stop , '' horrid creature " ... " rollin ' gus ' Pov - a car stopping on the road 97 hallie get out , she tape recorder over she shoulder , the road be some distance from the porch . she lift she arm as if afraid . ' then move slowly toward Gus . when she be close enough for he to see she clearly , she stop . he smile , like she face . then he improvise , play at the fiddle . Gus ( sing ; crippled voice ) ' Golden wheat ... " bove she head , ++. glimmerrrr ... Golden whear . ' hallie Mr. atwater ? cause ya wounded ? hallie no , but I be look for a friend of ours . gus ai not here . he start to fiddle , watch she closely . she move to the porch . hallie but he be . . Gus . ( hold hand out ) yep , from this high ! . hallte be he here today ? ( continued ) 97 48. continued : 97 gus here today , go tomorra ' . ( sing ) ' like a flutterin ' bird . " ( pause ) who you ? hallie I work for television . you know television ? Gus get one ! Works sometimes ! ( sing ) ' come a flashin' . ' hallie move closer . she sit on a box near he chair . hallie Gus ... I be a friend of leroy " 's . : cause leroy ?! hallie and wendell ... they tell I you would know where he be . he cock he head . hallie ( continue ) how else would I know where you be ? see ? ( then ) we be all worried about he . , I need to find he . I just want to talk to he . ( then ) T can not hurt hin . Gus he. come here . ( whisper ) cover with a mist , y'know ? like it float atop a river ... ( sing shakily ) " grow to a cloud ... shut away the sun . ' ( continued ) 97 98 continued : ( 2 ) 97 hallie be he okay ? ( then ; quietly ) where would he go , Gus ? ext . close - a shocking blur of movement - night 98 the SOUND of kallie' gasp as she be throw roughly to the ground . a hand stifles she scresm ... sonny 's hand . he have she pin to the ground , he arm raise to strike . . . hallie ( petrify ) wait !... it 's ... sonny ( recognize she ) what ??? -- he hit she . she squirm , gasp . the follow be overlap , fragment . : : hallie do not ... please do not -- sonny what be you do ? what do you want , how would you find I ?! hallie please ! you be hurt -- sonny how would you find I , who 's with you ?! hallie I be alone , I be alone -- sonny who 's with you ?? hallie I swear ! sonny how would you get here ?! hallie myself ... I drive myself ! ( continued ) 98 continued : sonny how ? ? ( raise he arm ) '' how would you find I ? hallie gus! Gus atwater ! it take the fight out of he . he move off of she slowly . sonny how would you get to Gus ? hallie can I get up ?... please . sonny how would you know to find Gus ? hallie by accident ... I interview you friend , I figure -- sonny == who ?? . hallie -- wendell ... leroy ... they talk about Gus ... i. ( then suddenly ) listen , what be it with you , you hit my face , you sonofabitch ! what the hell 's the matter with you ? she slap he , hard . hallie ( continue ) I be not stay here ! she turn and start away . sonny watch she . she stop , turn back , stare at he a moment . ' hallie ( continue ) what would you take the horse for ? '' sonny stare at she in disbelief . then -- ( continued ) ~ or eee 38 continued : he begin sl . ( 2 ) 98 sonny what be you do here ? you be crazy ! who else know about Gus ? hallie . nobody . nobody know about Gus .. . ( then ) i be crazy !? you disappear with somebody 's twelve million dollar horse and you call I crazy ? sonny hold it , hold it , hold it ! hallte do not you hit I ! to walk around she , try to figure out what to do . she keep she eye on he as he circle . he wait walk up sonny do you scare that old man ? hallie no. sonny do anybody else know you be here ? hallie I tell you nobody know anything ! I do not have any reason to tell anybody anything ! a moment , decide to believe she -- then a slight rise . sonny go away . go home . hallie ( follow he ) what be you go to do with he ? sonny there 's a dog food factory in Phoenix . go home . ( continued ) 98 52 . continued : ( 3 ) . 98 just beyond the rise be the ruin of a old building or two . behind one crumble facade sonny have make camp . a small fire burn . rising Star be tethere nearby . the remain of sonny 's dinner be beside the - fire . he toss they cut , begin to put away the cooking gear . hallie watch hin . hallie just tell I why you take the horse , che do not answer ) you can not race he , you can not sell he , you can not start you own cereal company . what the hell do you want ? : '' ( still no answer ) be you mad at ampco ? I sew you argue with sear ? ( still no answer ) be they go to fire you ? do you want a raise ? ( then ) . can not you just answer a question ? ( then ; a new tack ) listen . I do not have anything against you ... I mean , I do not usually get slugge do this , but even so , I -- sonny ( not look at she ) Hell would you expect , sneakin ' up on I like some cat ? hallie ~- I try to call , you line be busy ! he spin and look at she . a look that silence she , make she uncomfortable . then he go back to work , clean up . he throw a blanket over the horse . hallie ( continue ) look , you friend be worried about you . I mean , wendell and leroy . can I tell they anything ? ( silence ) what be this place ? do it mean something to you ? ( silence ) no message for anybody , huh ? somebody you forget to say goodbye to ? ( continued ) 53 , continued : ( 4 ) 98 she run down . she suddenly feel chilly , move to the fire , hold herself , when sonny speak , he begin quietly . but then , he anger take over , sonny you want information -- go to the library ... I know what you want , and it be not answer , you want a story ! any story ! why doe not you make one up ? " that 's what you will do anyway , tell it : the way you want to tell it . you do not need I to tell you a story ! you guy make them up all the time anyway ! ( then ) ask I question about why I be 45 minute late -~ you be not interested in why I be late , all you be interested . in be gettin ' a rise out 'a I ! ' pound for pound , who 's worth more , you or the horse ? 's who the hell care ? you people be all the same . ( suddenly ) '' you know there 's people in Africa or some damm place , you take a picture ' of " they , they will kill you . they think you be takin 's something ' away from ‘em . that you only get so much ... stuff ! , .. and if other people be takin ' it all , then there be not none leave for yourself . well , I do not want to be no story . ( then ) . I just retire from Public life . . hallie ' Boy have you get it wrong ! you just ride down the Las Vegas Strip on somebody else 's 12 million dollar horse , do you think we would not notice ? you be a story all right . he have pack the camp thing and now pour the be - main coffee onto the fire , put it out . it hiss in the moonlight . sonny ( quietly ) but not yours . I be nobody 's story but my own , now . : ( continued ) spo 98 34 . continued : ( 5 ) 98 sonny have untether rising Star . he lead the stal - lion past hallie and towards the top of the rise . hallie run after he , try to keep up . camera travel with they . . hallie wait a minute , where be you go ? re keep walk . hallie ( continue ) aww , I hurt you feeling . I do not mean to hurt you feeling . ( he keep walk ) be it something I say ? ( he keep walk ) come on , do a work girl a favor -- I be try to make a honest buck . tell a honest tale , make an.honest dollar , I do not want to make up a story about you , ( he keep walk ) what 's the big secret ? what have you get to lose ? everybody want to know . they wonder where you be , why you do it -- where you be go . the truth about the great . american cowboy and the world 's champion horse who disappear into the sunset . sonny Boy , be you full a ' shit . with all due respect , mar 'am . he 's reach the tioga park off the small dirt road . hallie 's rental car be park behind it . sonny ( continue ) and you be stand in poison sumac . hallie jump as though she be in a fire . sonny open the back of the tioga , lead the horse in and be snap the chain that brace the horse 's buttock . hallie you sonofabitch ! you be not gettin ' away from I ; I will follow you ! ( continued ) '' '' 98 99 continued : ( 6 ) 98 he grab a flashlight from the tioga , step out , close the back door and move to hallie 's car . he take the key from the ignition , open the trunk and take out the spare tire , hallie ( continue ) what ?... what be you do ?? he toss she the flashlight and she car key , then teach down and pierce she rear tire with the tip of he pocket knife . we hear it hissing through the rest of the scene , sonny should not take you more than twenty minute . hallie goddamm you , you be nut ! i'll turn you in , I see you license plate . I will tell the cop , you bastard , ' Wild Blue yonger ! ' sonny ( quietly ) no , you will not . you be gonna milk this story for all it 's worth . the last thing in the world you - want be for I to be capture . we both know a capture horse thief be not no story . he be in the tioga and go . she hold the flash - light , listen to the sicken hiss of the tire . then we hear : hallie ( v.0 . ) it be from this hotel that rising Star , the great money winner in the history of american vace -- ext . caesar' palace - hallie and tv crew - day 99 in the middle of a " live " broadcast . she stand in front of the. corral . " curious tourist watch from the sideline . ( continued ) 99 100 continued : . 99 hallie ~+- and presently corporate symbol for one of the world 's large conglomerate , be take late Friday night , yesterday , I uncover information which allow I to locate sonny steele , int . SMALL family grocery - utah - day 100 close on a '' ranch Breakfast " ! box , pull back to see sonny stare at it . his arm be full of grocery , include a plastic bag of ice . his hat be low over ‘his eye , sunglass on , and he shoulder cover with the blanket . the tv be on , the cartoon soundtrack blaring . the grocer 's 8 - year- old daughter watch , transfix . sonny ( mumble ) get any shoelace ? grocer cover the tv ) what ? sonny shoelace . grocer ( to daughter ) anita ! get rid a that stuff ! he move over to change the tv channel . speak to sonny : grocer ( continue ) over there by the shoe polish . while the grocer be change the station , sonny move toward the counter with he purchase . hallie 's face flash on the screen just as sonny arrive at the counter ! he almost drop the grocery . he duck he head and fumble for he money , try to get the transaction over as rapidly as possible . ( continued ) 7. ww 100 101 57 . continued ; 100 hallie ( from the tv ) -- there by the dim glow of a shroud campfire I see rising Star and encounter sonny steele , himself . we talk together for hour -- : sonny whaat ?? grocer what ? sonny ( to grocer ) what ? sonny slap he money onto the counter , ducking he head . hallie -- as a result of we wide - range . conversation , I form this impression -- behind hallie , a huge blow - up of sonny be flashed on the screen . . sonny ignore he change and flee from the store , the grocer stare after he as -- . hallie ( v.0 . ) steele , in my opinion , do . not take the horse for monetary gain -- he have no intention of ransoming rising Star -- int . sear suite - caesar' palace - close - sear - 10l day sear where be he ? pull back to see hallie seat opposite he . fitzgerald and Dietrich be there . toland watch quietly in b.g. : hallie I do not know . sear where be he ? ( continued ) 60 . 101a continued : 102 103 104 lola leroy she act like my best friend , she buy I a drink . she even like my ving . . wendell sonny and I tell you ! never trust that people . she like my watch . that 's what they do , act like best friend , then use you . . ( drink ) you see that broadcast . she 's usin ' he just like she use we , leroy what be we gonna do ? wendell nuthin ' . if he want we to do somethin’ he would let we know . ext . a vista in southern utah - sunset 102 a cold mountain stream reflect the last vay of the : - sun . in the distance the mountain be snow - cap , a small FIRE crackle hotly . sonny work on rising Star beside the water . he have cut the leg off a pair of old pants , and slip it over the horse 's rear leg . he tie the bottom close with one of the shoelace then he fill the pant leg with ice and tie the top close with the other shoelace . satisfied , he turn to the fire and empty the last of the tea bag onto it . he pick up the gunny sack and start to tie it over the horse 's head . as the smoke rise : 's ext . a road in southern utah - night 103 not much traffic . in the distance be the light of the tioga . it approach , then pass camera . int . tioga -. sonny drive - night 104 he sip black coffee from a styrofoam container . he 's tired , shake he head try to keep awake , country music plays on the radio . sonny glance back to where rising Star stand , eye close . * ( continued ) lol 58 , continued : 10 hallie I do not know . fitzgerald waat cid he tell you , hallie ? hallie nothing . sear nod slowly . look to toland , then back to hallie . sear iz you want a story , we could put you in the middle of a story . ( look to Dietrich , wno nod affirmative ) we could guarantee you first erack at everything . '' hallte I have already get first crack ! fitzgerald what if we make it exclusive ? how about exclusive footage on the capture , hallie ? hallie oh ? when be you plan that ? ( then ; to sear ) you want to tell I about that confrontation you and steele have at the reception , Mr. sear ? what be that all about ? . sear I could have you put in jail , miss Martin . hallie you could try . toland mis-prison of felony . aid 2 felon during the commission of a criminal act . that 's what the law cail it . . ( continued ) lol continued : ( 2 ) she go . of ro he law , but of challenge the not , be my guest . ( she rise ) that ought to sell America a whole lot of breakfast food . ( at the door ) I will be around , if you want to handcuff I later , sear look to toland . toland : we probably could lock she up . sear the last thing we need now be a female martyr ... not . just make sure she 's be watch . toland . alzeady take care of . dietrich at least he do not say we mistreate the horse . sear how do we know that ? ' fitzgerald I think she would have say it on the alr .. sear we can not take that chance . 1ola ext . pool ( then ) we have to make sure that if he do say anything , he will not de believe . ( the Dietrich ) . can you get to the media before the 11 o'clock news ? ~ caesar' palace - wendell and leroy - Day lola they wear swim trunk , cowboy hat . leroy have on he shirt . they sip drink . ( continued ) 104 continued : 104 sonny if I could drive sleepin ' the way you can sleep standin' , we would have this thing knock . announcer's voice ( from the radio ) it 's 10:59 here at klsg in St. George , and time for the eleven o'clock news roundup . here be harvey Del Rio for rudolph bros . lumber and Building supplies . harvey : harvey' voice ( from the radio ) thanks , Clayton , and good evening everyone . retail sale clerk be still on strike in Salt Lake . Union official in the provo , orem and heber area say they member be prepare to walk out in sympathy . in Las Vegas , investigator still have no - lead to the whereabouts of rising Star , the great thoroughbre stallion , whose abduction by sonny steele Friday trigger a massive search . - sonny turn up the volume , listen intently : harvey' voice ( continue ) . ampco official be now . express alarm over the welfare of the horse . accord to one official , steele have a long history of alcoholism and drug abuse . in the past year he have appear before the public in a intoxicate state on several occasion , and have be abusive to both press and public . ampco official indicate he have become increasingly unstable , often cause public humiliation . they believe that if the horse be to survive this ordeal , time be of the essence . sonny snap the radio off . he check he watch . we hold on he set expression as he drive . W ne 105 62. int . casino bar - caesar' palace - reporter - night 105 have a nightcap . they have be here awhile and be tired . hallie be the center of attention . bernie be next to she , fitzgerald sit opposite . reporter # 1 you be hot , hallie . '' chrise , they ' 11 be callin’ on you to find lose kid next , hallie fitz , who write that crap about he ? fitzgerald that ' crap ' be all true . reporter # 2 what 's this bozo ' 's plan ; what d you think he 's gonna do ? , fitzgerald what 's you next move ? '' - hallie it 's you convention . fitzgerald hallie ... a hint ! just a little hint ! Jesus , this be serious . hallie how 's you dog , fitz ? young reporter his dog die . reporter # 1 ( shaking he head ) some guy from texas win four hundred thousand buck in seven hour , bernie ( yawn ) where 's the camera ? hallie my room . : reporter # 3 ( drunk ) hallie ... hallie , you never see the sonofabitch . c'mon , admit it . ( continued ) 165 continued : _ we make golf ball . 63 . | 105 reporter # 2 : 1 ( refer to , program ) : fitzgerald , what be this ten o'ciock in the morning with golf ball ? fitzgerald reporter # 3 hallie ... hallie , if you be there , you would never have leave he . fitzgerald be you kid ? she leave everybody . : young reporter yeah , but not a story like this . . - reporter # 2 | he must have tell you something ! . ! | ballie yeah , he tell I what be wrong with the press . | * ( finish she | drink ) i I get a lecture on morality ' from a horse thief . : reporter # 1 what 's he want ? where 's he go ? . hallie ( stand ) | it 's we secret . fitzgerald you bitch , you be really loving this , be not you ? 's hallie wighty -nite , fella . she kiss fitz , pat a roll of fat at he middle , and go on she way to the : elevator . = the late night . shooter and roller lean quietly into they game .- a overly make - up woman stand . : alone at the roulette wheel . camera feature charlotta play . blackjack . she spot hallie , get up with she chip , and cross .”. to she mo a wa tbst not : : : pardon I , miss Martin ? hallie turn - ( eontinue ) charlotta person , and when : he : get ~ ornery - : . - well , it , tak ces he a long time . thorn in whis xib my say that bad thing - they do not say what 's ven _cnoveh it 's 's hard to ( eontinue ) want . you to. know chin’ . azlotta sti ck : she and | out , to. shake ... ' but : ee L agente '' Le : . " ocontinue } - ? : py where do , ' you meet sonny ? arisctta - laugh waucously : - xemember .. 66 . lil int . hallte' room - caesar palace - hallie ~ night lil she 's asleep . the phone ring . she reach for it . hallie who the hell ... ( into phone ) hello ? intercut sonny and hallie . sonny ( low , gravelly voice ) you alone ? hallie who 's this ? sonny you alone ? hallie ( sigh ) okay , fella , say you dirty and get it over with . sonny I think it 's time for another ' wide - range conversation . ' hallie sit up , suddenly awake . sonny ( continue ) hello ? hallie be this you ? sonny right out of the ' dim glow of the shroud campfire . 's hallie | you sonofabitch , I break three nail change that tire ! sonny do you want a story ? hallie . yes . ( continued ) 111 1l2 113 114 67 . continued : lil sonny can you get out a there without anybody knowin' ? hallie yes . if I can not , I will not come . sonny hesitates . hallie ( continue ) tell I where to go . sonny you be gonna start with a bus . 8 closeup ~ HOTEL room door - hand enter frame 112 knock briskly . the door open and a fully dress hallie speak to the uniform bell captain . : hallie arnie , I have to get out of here for a while without be - : see . {hands he a bill ) it 's worth a hundred buck . bell captain all thing be possible , miss Martin . follow I . hallie I have get a couple of case inside , . - could you grab they ? ext . caesar palace - rising star' corral - morning 113 Workmen be dismantle the white fence and roll up the astroTurf . : int . convention and banquet area - caesar palace ~ 114 morning another group of workmen be carry the twice - life - size cutout of sonny away from the display . janitor sweep up . 115 116 68. int . corridor - caesar palace - fitzgerald - morning 115 he race toward we , dodging a waiter with a breakfast cart . behind he a woman exit a room , put money in she purse . extreme closeup - sear - he suite - morning 116 pull back . sear who see he ? sear be in a robe . there be a breakfast cart in evidence . Dietrich be there . fitzgerald stand by out of breath . toland be on the phone in the b.g. dietrich some little storekeeper in southern Utah . near St. George at 5 o'clock last night . he must have get a vehicle . / toland ( cover mouthpiece ) he 's evidently be head northeast . if he stop for the night , he will be within a 150 mile radius of st.- George for . the next couple of hour . sear who know this ? dietrich Police chief be all take care of . nobody else . sear the press ? fitzgerald not yet . sear can we cover the surround town in time ? toland : ( juggling the. phone ) take care of that right now . they think we should concentrate on Hurricane and rockville , though . ( continued ) 116 117 118 119 69 . continued : 116 sear ( to Dietrich ) you and toland get on the lear , vight away . take the security people with you . you can organize everything out of St. George . fitzgerald if he stop for the night ? dietrich we have get to assume he sleep sometimes ! toland he 's cross the state line , the FBI will want in . . sear keep they out ! . 's toland they already know he 's be spot . they will be crawl all over the place . sear get to he first ! offer he whatever you have to . tell he we will not prosecute , do what you have to do , just do not let he start up with any bullshit about the horse . let 's put this together and get the damm thing + do with ! ext . SMALL town in utah ~ high angle - day 117 in- the distance a Greyhound bus pull into the depot . int . bus depot - hallie - day 118 at the avis counter . the camera case be beside she . she wear dark glass , blue jeans and a elegant casual shirt . she carry a jacket and tote bag . ext . a SMALL airport - southern utah - day 119 the ampco lear jet touch down . as it scream past camera we see the logo on the tail . ss '' 120 tree - utah countryside - day through the out of focus tree we see hallie carry the camera equipment . she arrive in the clear , put the equipment down , look around impatiently . pull back until we be shoot over sonny 's shoulder . Hidden by the tree , he study she a moment . he nold rising Star 's reins» . ' hallie sit on the camera case - ' she wait hallie 's po beneath the outcrop of '' tree , ' in backlight . a dramatic image . hallie watch he approach . when he be near hallie pick up the case ; ' follow he , the case be , heavy she stumble , go down . " , hallie so ot think my leg 's break . what do we do ? shoot I ? 7 he look at she a-mom rent , then pick up she case . she '' get up , c continue to : ' follow . vo 3 tioga om B. G. oo fl. 42374 123 / 4 ~ another angle : - ' clear '' ae pit the . a to 7 : sonny | get you camera ready . she begin set up . a : hallie : noe you will stand over there with that range of mountain be ~~ sonny this be allright - he 's pick the least identifiable spot . ( continued ) ; hallie 's _ ittll look much more dramatic over by -- : oe sonny . - + - neyou can tell.tem it be dramatic , you get a colorful imagination oo my hallie - a listen , I be cold and I be tired ; itve be travel all ' night and . do not like be talk to - as if I wer 3 a ee a ee tee oe = sonny : oa : _ I ' take , '' this horse because they be - '' ghootin ' hypodermics into hime ... _ trottin 's hin around on a stage with «> - a bunch of chorus girl : he 's a horse ! look at he : he 's. a champion : ' she have turned.on the camera . he doe not run - . he continue more softly now . . ( continue ) _ ol jrd.saw this saw-him . stumble and fall . back ' lose he stride , and then pull . himself up -. I see he stretch hi ' self out when he do not have nothin’ leave to give ... but .he find it some - the horse ) . 2 : ia€ not you , junkie ? - : ( then ) - pte wear . Hell , this horse get a heart . the . size of . a~locomotive . he 's get more ~ oo a soul and drive and ' heart than most be . a pe people you will ever know . . and they be hangin ' light all over he . they would aress he up in short pants and have 's him smokin ! a cigar if they think it would sell they damn junk ? eo ( more ) continued : : sonny ing ) they get hin tank on tran - quili zer and bute ! his tendon 's s. '' ( contin fillin ! up . : they get he shot full of steroid it 's just for look +. and it make he ' sterile ~ so even you want to breed he and pass . on. they great quality , you couldn ' t > ( pause ) 2 : to say noth : hisself be ~ ( point ) _ his. name : he 's one of the best ... one of the= great animal . not the history . .- of . animal . - 7 os : ooo : ( then ) ; : * oo I would like to talk to you about - : fairness . - you be tell a lot '' " of lie about I . none of they 's J. true . '' well , maybe I drink now and then , but even the Pope take -° a drink now and then . . . ( hesitates ) thing be , be horse be not be treat fairly . they be havin’ ‘him do thing he 's 's not bear to do camera begins a slow pull back and away . '' sonny ( continue ) re oughta be lazin 's around some field , eatin ' good mountain grass , standin’ stud . _ . * i( pause ) .- --- ts he oughte be puttin’ ' on weight . - 2nd gettin ' old ... like the rest pou ~ pay erm uta ighway . yanning through the ' center . ~ police - car ' pull ‘up discharge officer . @ motorcycle form a roadblock a Marshall 's car . people fr a the neighbor gas station stare at , what ' be > happen . -. br plain unmark car arrive in front of the town " 's main building . two plainclothes police get out , begin give instruction the . ‘other officer . 128 ( 128 ~ sonny be '' just '' finish | he " gueech . : : - sonny - : he 's '' get some rights . maybe they buy he , maybe they own he , but there 's some rights you neve buy ... even from a animal . ° ( then ) - . ' this horse '' earn a better , ' life . ( = wanta see he get it . he finish . hallie turn off ' the camera . a ' beat . . : hallie : _ how're you go to do that ? lael '' sonny - I will do it . . he turn away , pick up a blanket , throw it over the horse . she watch a moment , want more , decide not to push it . she begin put the camera gear away - they back be to each other . ° ( continued ) 128 continued : - ~ '' *. he turn , look at 128 : sonny appreciate you comin 's y'got stamina . oo . hallie : family trait . . : will of '' sonny ' you " ll forgive I if I be not mn sét up for entertaining . I gotta tend this hor er so I can get. movin ! . hallie ° - ( he doesn & answer ) I go with 's yo 2 ? rt really hallie well . .- 1et I give you my card . sonny : ' you what ? she dig into she tote bag . '' a toothbrush . case and some toothpaste fall out . she pick they up quickly . ° mte " ° hallie sometimes you think of something you forget to say , o©r . -- ( hold card out ) or wish you would say . he take it awkwardly , doesn 's t know : what to do with it . '' . hallie . steele ? & be you go to do with he ? ( continued ) camera he pick up hex case and pegias move away . track they back tow d she car . '' an. sonny |... I tell you . | 4 so lget he back to where '' he of be - what he be . vos oan vee oy * hallie . . : -- that 's a thoroughbre racehorse} they 's be delicate as. orchid ? you . soniy . verything he need t' know he know . it 's in he blood , _ just . half -forgot .. I " i remind '' he . '' and then : ciag - no more . . . hallie - where ? 7 ° > '' a : sonny 's yohave a safe trip gown , miss . ( continued ) on a vee hallie miss my ass ! where be you :- go to turn he loose ? d' you know ? | : : and begin charlotta say you keep on riding arter the buzzer , you do not know ~ — Le '' sony * : . charlotta ? '' 7 you get she in on . this | hallie : lo ( beat , deliberate : ) a . . - 2 she say you take she breath away . : " ( continued : , continue : ' what ain ' nos hard t'do . '' she 's all '' first meet . you use to -- 7 ~ - '' we drive to town , have a cup of '' i. thing , I would be : oblige if - you would aoe / he face she . there 's a naked moment between they . '' sonny '' a breath , he : tell I that when you ' two ( she freezes} ait ..a second ! that canyon where you spend you '' .- honymoon .. . there ' be . wild mustang : what wast ame of it ? '' that 's the main reason I leave - she .. , or she - leave I , she big mouth : anyway I be not goin ' to no duster " * ( desperate now ) ' listen , . I get a idea , why do not : offe ntaix this over . my treat . 4 sowwy x will not ' be passin ' . a mailbox ... it 's get a stamp on it and every — '' hallie . ( take it ) . first one I pass . -- nlook at he ) _ well ... I just take the road back to that broksn tree - continued '' from.a ' high angle we $ of a out ide = hallie ' near a cafe , 1 . qut of car she weard dark . glass . as she move toward the phone . camera hold on a police - car 's approach - pan it past . oute = rye get he on tape Les , talk picture , and wait will you hear the talk ..- i.swear to you people be go . to eat he up . now tell . I affiliate between here and Vegas '' I can get this : on the cable . rno les , . : hold you horse , I be check . do you hear what I say ? : '' hallie . . a I be try to convey 2 sense of ~ : vurgency , I vant , this to make ais 80 , 1 she move away from the phone in the opposite direction of the police car . 131a conrrnogp : fs - 131a : . hallie i Les , tired . just get the 's ' crew . " will talk to you later . i " she hang up . ! : a. . i 132 another angle - hallie 7a 132 | . { ' i j she approach a mailbox , take out the letter sonny give she . ~ to : try to read it , | we : '' *. something , put it she hold it up to the light start to tear off one corner , mumble into the mailbox . near she a group of trucker exit the cafe . guy be crossing the street . toward he rig . hallie look wa . around at the people on the street , theri pull the tape - lo casette out of she tote bag and run across the street one big as she turn to L : od , | move back to she car she see the police activit , . a lot aan ce local cop walk past , * - ~ : wot. . hannte : . ee oy what 's go on ? 4 | I | : cop 7 : dunno for sure , this Breakfast | - ~ cowboy | be spot , = think . i : | . . hallie fréeze . she look around , check she watch . ] t } '' - . . to the truck . she climb onto the step -up . ; ee - hallie - i you go to St. George ? to t . big guy ao : : pow , 7 feyeing she ) ° oe a , on . _- ' less they move the road . at so lbb - ext clearing - outside town - sonny 7 . 133 '' he have just put rising Star into the tioga . he get into the driver 's seat and slowly , move over the rough terrain . 134 - pull shot - tioga 134 2 just 2s : she .reach the highway , ' hallie 's 's car screech '' thé ‘art '' and stop . dead ahead of he . ee have to '' '' SI be ‘on the brake . he quickly check the horse , then _ jump . angrily out of the tioga . hallie be out of the car . sonny : . ( quietly ) ou be wear out you welcome , dy . wee ( continued ) '' 234 . 134 | continued : '' von : hallie the ! you can not go ex wait a minu tb apt a cop convention ? in town , th. he glance quickly to the road , then back to she . - hallie . ocontinue ) 7 : . I count two prowl car , two motor - ~ . to cycle cop and a county marshall . . all wait for you ? of ns - he glare at she a moment , move guickly to the edge . . tof the highway , peer toward town . I ET mage sonny .. you tell I nobody be gonna follow you ? ble loe . oo 7 . : hallie + | '' 2 : we . nobody dia ! ar expert get I . oo . out of that hotel : ome be sonny ° expert , huh ? °° '' for 's oe : . of oe _ . he get into she car ; pull it out of he own path . *- - | close - up - halliz | . 435 watch he . , think . make she decision . | 136 | back to scene - sonny & hallie : 136 2 . he get out of the car , move to the tioga .. hallie rush '' to she trunk ; pull out the camera case . - ce will ae oe , / hallib I : wait a minute ! - . oe : . | sonny bs a , _.. why ? ' you want to film the not . pie yt capture ?? . - | : - hallie I be in as much trouble as - you , be !: - uo . . sonny ° what be you talk about ? , / . . the hallie I just talk to New York . ' -t mis-prison of felony ' that 's what . they tell I . of R po , : . : a ung rg. be ( more ) oe hallie ( continue ) that 's what the law call it . they say if I go back I have to tell everything I know . everything ! and if Ie do not , they say T will . go 'to jail ! - that 's from the legal . department ? ~ moor '' '' she carry het camera case over toward '' the tog . a e sonny then tell they . I 'il be go by then , anyway ! +. ( be camera 's case ) '' hey , what be yor do ? I can not tell they : for , can not ' divulge source 's and expect : anybody ever to tell I anything again : - . a ( then ) . °° and . '' I would have 's to tell they about Gus . +? ' she get into the right . seat of the tioga . sonny . be . livid . ' suddenly we hear the whomp , whomp , whomp of a distant 's helicoptor , he spin to look . .. ; : - 437 sonny ' S. Pov = a ielicoptor . landing in the distance . .. where hanksville be . 138 back to scene - ae ise : he move to hallie ! 's car , ' get in , not bother to close rc , and ram it violently — into some brush and tree . '' . hallie ( whisper ) . . Jesus ... . he ' run 's to the tioga , scen the sky , get in and drive off onto the highway ; turn the opeceite direction . - l392 int : the tioga - - moving - sonny &. hallee .. . '' they ride in silence . sonny be ' grim ; =checice the mirxor cro - hallie sit as far away from he as possible . he turn th we cr vehicle off the highway onto a dirt road , bat . then have to > jam on the brake . : full shot - tioga : = 7 0 ov 40 ° the dirt road be wash out . a mass of earth and tree block the way . . 141 - ' int tioga - close two shor ~ sonny hallie 141 , : . oe sonny . mo . damnt .2 we he back the vehicle onto " the highway , continue in ' the direction he be go . hold on sign read : " Hurricane ~ 4 mile . " 1142 will ext MAIN STREET ~ hurricane | '' 1420 '' two , motorcycle cop , three police car and a sheriff 's . car park near the opposite end of town . they have stop a car pull a horse trailer . the local be stare , of op osite ' end of town - school bus it pull ' over 's to ' discharge the ' kid , revealing the tioga behind it , head towards camera . int tioga - ' so nwy 8 hallie . he see the ' police ahead . he 's trap ! he '' glance '' '' ae ‘around , slow the tioga , ease it toward a curb behind of oa = | a park '' truck . . : : be we hallie '' what be we gonna do ? - . sonny ( beat ) get on the floor . + . noe , " '' hallie ' '' what ?? '' : a of sonny do it , get on the floor ? 7 to she scramble down . '' he glance . into ' the xear-view mirror . two motorcycle cop exit . the small 's cafe and cross to they ark bike ... sonny move to rising Star , begin ' tov saddle he . 's a wartee . : hallie - . bee . what ... . what ! be we do ?? bee i ( continued ) *: .. 1 continued _ sonny be work fever ishly with the saddle . sonny you be gonna stay tight there , . when I go out the back , you be . : ore : gonna count to 's 60 and -- | cs lo haleie ct out the back wait a second , .7 what be you -' n?. . .. 2 ts sonny . | ere --- when you . hit 60 , get behind the . wheel and drive this thing out . _ - 0f here . ~ the sop ill chase I sonny . go to cisco Falls abandon c '' - the bluff there 's a * fina it . you find meet ! cinch , '' open the back door . '' rallie ~ a minute !!. there 's a dozen : '' out there , you will never make woe sonny + * '' ( refer to horse ) that 's up to-him . °° ( to the horse ) '' . no excuse , junkie . tendon 's goin ' down and you ain 's t wheezin * ( then guister ) ' i.seen you run . . ao ss eo : _ oo ae Las } - 2 's . , . aas. 20 5 ose ... sonny - take off across the street . : > dhe™ rie cop take ote after hile 90 . 147 full angle - sonny and rising STAR 147 race behind the back of a house and over a fence . the first two motorcycle bump up the curb after he . 148 full shot - the STREET 148 the other two motorcycle race towards where sonny cut off the main road . 149 the police car 149 they separate and race down two side street to try to cut sonny off . 150 int , tioga - close ~ hallie 150 hallie ( count ) 29 ... 30 ... 3h ... 151 area back of house - sonny and rising STAR 15 l the two motorcycle extremely close behind . sonny be 's approach a fence too high to jump ; he spin the horse and dart off in another direction . the big | motoreycle slide on the grass , try to turn , but manage to maintain control . 152 a STREET - the two police car 152 they have complete half the distance around the block . and be speed toward each other when , suddenly , rising Star dart between they at a full run . there be a open field across the street . one of the police car bump up over the curb and go after they through the field . the other car race around the block to try to catch they on the far side . 153 the four motorcycle 153 the first two bounce into the street and up over the . opposite curb , behind the police car . the second two split up and go in opposite direction around the block . 154 high angle - the field - sonny , rising STAR and police 154 rising Star move like hell through the tall grass , the police car gain , but bounce in the rut . 155 156 157 158 159 160 161 91 . sonny'' Pov - the other end of the field 155 eight or nine kid be play ! they hear the noise , look toward US , see the oncoming traffic , panic and run in all direction . close running shot - sonny 156 see the kid spread out over the field , he make a sudden turn , leap a hedge and bolt through a back yard toward the street on the other side . the police car berind he 157 skid as it try to stop and turn , send up shower of dirt and debris , most of which end up in the eye of the motorcycle cop . one rider , blind by the dirt , turn in the general direction sonny take and crash into the hedge , send the cop fly . a side STREET - sonny and rising STAR 158 they fly out from behind a house and plunge into a street . a woman in a station wagon , think it 's a apparition , scream , and swerve to miss he . she end up broadside in the street , block the oncom - ing police car . sonny race off in the opposite direc - tion so fast that the two motorcycle cop come toward he find themselves racing past he . as the horse race between they , they try to turn , almost collide , recover and speed off again . people be now yell and call out to sonny . int , tioga + hallie 159 sixty ! she get up , look around , see a single cop foot at the end of the street , put the tioga in gear and move off , : a OPEN expanse ~ the end of town - sonny and STAR 160 they reach it and turn on a tremendous burst of speed . the remain three motorcycle race after he , trail by one police car and the sheriff 's car . it 's open , sandy country with lot of scrub brush . the tioga 1l6l move out of the residential area and onto the highway adjacent to where the chase be . 162 163 164 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 92 . long view - travelling shot ~- the chase 162 see from the side . the participant small against the landscape . trails of dust from the horse and the wehicle be luminous in the low light . rising Star really stretch out now . across hallie from inside the tioga 163 : see the chase . she slow , watch . she stop . travelling shot - sonny . 164 really burn it ! but the police gain . close - hallie : 165 she can not resist it . reaches back and pull out the camera . v the motorcycle cop : : 166 gain , but fight the big , heavy bike im the rough terrain . . close - hallie '' 167 aim the camera toward the chase . as she reach out the window , she react . hallie' Pov - the cop on foot . 168 run down the street towards she . the police car 169 bounce like hell over the rut and rock . the tioga . 170 as hallie quickly put down the camera and race off . in the rear-view mirror , she and we see the cop write down the license number . the OPEN area - the chase l71 move at full speed , sonny and Star approach a steep embankment . ( continued ) l771 172 173 174 175 176 93. continued : l71 sonny glance back quickly , then concentrate on what be ahead . a split second before the horse reach the edge , sonny pull hard on the rein . rising Star dig in with all four leg and skid forward . they slide over the top and down the embankment , the horse be - main stiff - legge through the loose shale to the bottom . the first motorcycle , unable to stop , cata - pult over the edge and tumble over and over to the bottom . the cop , throw clear , manage to get up , dirty but unhurt . the police car turn and run parallel to sonny at the top of the embankment , trail by the two remain motorcycle . another angle 172 the valley sonny be in level out in front of he . the hill on he leave flatten down to he level . the police ear , run parallel , be gradually come down to he level . sonny slow the horse slightly , cause the police car to do the same . at the last minute , sonny let the horse out , and barely edge out the police car . but from around the hill on sonny 's right , a second police car fly out . unable to turn in time , it hit the first car broadside . the two car slide to the leave up another embankment . : shoot down the embankment ~- the chase 173 as the car fly up the other embankment , . the upper car slowly roll over until it be completely upside down on top of the lower car . the car continue . close - sonny 174 look back . he can hardly believe what he see ... moving Pov - the police car 175 one upside down atop the other . the two cop in . the upper car hang by they belt , holler like hell . the mobile car slow and stop as the two motorcycle continue the chase . full shot - the chase 176 rising Star tiring . the motorcycle gain . sonny begin talk to the horse , urging he on , know what it 's cost . he look ahead . 177 178 179 180 181 sowny' Pov - a strenh 177 a hundred yard ahead . through the low brush , ft be tree line . full shot - the chase 178 sonny and rising Star plunge into the stream . it be about threc foot deep . rising Star fight the water and try gamely to continue . another angle - the motorcycle - 179 they slow . the first cop plunge into the stream . his momentum carry he foreward for a few yard , send up giant tail of water . then the bike slow , wheel spin , and fall over . the second bike stop , ' the officer know better than to try . he stare at : long view - sonny and rising STAR . . 180 travel away from canera , the light catch the spray ... almost in slow motion , as we hear : sear voice '' how ? how could he escape ? how ??? int convention CENTER - caesar' palace - afternoon 18l a demonstration of the new line of ampco motorcycle in the bg . sear be face fitzgerald . he be livid . fitz - gerald look about to be sick . pitzgerald apparently he do not know he could not . sear I see .. , fitzgerald ? pitzgerald yes , sir ? sear he 's net superman , heto net in - visible , he 's not a ... radically advane@d thinker . he 's not even ' well . he 's ... a cowboy . we , on the other hand be , theorctically , a group of man - and woman who have lbuilt .... all this . we have moncy , we have airplane , we have heli - coptor , we have computer . ( more ) jbl continued : lea sear ( continue ) how could he escape ? fitzgerald ++. on the horse , . sir . sear pitzgerald , fina he , and find the horse . and bring they back . = use the f.b.i . use the State Police . use helicoptor , put out a reward . a large one , get the Boy scout , ' get the Marines . where be he , in Utah ? get the mormon tabernacle choir . have they sing he in , but get he ! the motorcycle go round and round . 182-187 omit 182/ 188 ' ext CISCO fall - abandoned cabin ~ dusk 188 we hear '' a single voice humiing tunelessly and discover . hallie huddle up at the bottom of the erumble step ‘to the cabin . the tioga be in evidence down below . she 's be wait a couple of hour and be get cold . she hear something , stop hum , jump to she foot , hallie ( softly ) hello ? ( then louder ) hello ?? no answer . she move foreward , hear the noise again , spin around , 189 hallie' Pov ~ sonny & rising STAR 169 emerge from the red rock . both exhaust . rising Star nick on he leg , cover with dvy sweat 190 puld show - wo includ sonny and tallim 1990 despite herself , she run toward he , smile . hallir you make it ! ( continued ) 190 continubd : 190 sonmy vhere 's some witch hazel in the cabinet over the sink . and a old T-shirt by the bunk . she move quickly to the tioga . sonny uncinches the saddle , gently lift it off the horse , mumble be - assuringly . he run he hand down the horse ' leg . hallie return with the thing . he take they without = speak , begin to rub the horse tendon with the T-shirt . . ; : sonny ( continue ) I owe you one , buddy . hallie watch the way he work the horse . his gentle - ness . hallie ( quietly ) nobody chase I . you be right , they all take off after you , you should have see . " yourself . it be fantastic . he look at she a moment . then go back to work . callif be you surprised I get here ? sonny ( simply ) no. . she 's stop for a sccond . sonny continue work . haloulif ie be on the road map . I do not have to ask anybody or anything ..... he continue work the horse . naltle ( continuine ) it will be dark soon , .... ( she watch he ) how long dee it take to dtive to duxter 's Canyon ? sonny couple day .. , but will be not drivin’ . ( continued ) : 190 continued : ( 2 ) 190 hallie «.. what ? sonny ( refer to tioga ) ' cop '1l be lookin ! for this ' everywhere ... we will have to . leave it . a hallie ++- and do what ? sonny walk . he touch the horse gently , sonny . {to the horse ) Zo will not ask nothin ' more of you today . hold on hallie 's reaction to " walk . " we hear : sonny be voice ~ because they be shootin’ hypo - dermic into he , 191 int caesar' palace - wendell & leroy - eventing 191 they watch the tv . they room be a mess ; sonny'' voice trottin 's he around on a stage with a bunch of chorus girl ! lle 's a horse ! . leroy '' you bet ! 192 int cuarlopta '’s room - carsar' palacr 192 she in in front of a makeup mirror . sonny'' votcl take - at he ! e's a champion ! i '' listen , I see this horse run . I - see he stumble and fall back - and lone he stride , and then pull he - sclf up . 193 194 194a int , fitzgerald's room ~- iie watch the tv . 193 + in a grimace , like someone about to be hit . sonny'' voice I see he stretch himself out when he do not have nothin ' leave to give .. but he find it somewhere . you win , do not you , junkie ? Hell , . this horse get a heart thé size of a locomotive . he 's get = ' more soul and drive and heart than most people you will ever know , '' int gus' cabin - gus watching tv . '' 194 nodd he head , he face inch from the tv . sonny'' voice and they be hangin’ light all '' over he . they would dress he up in short pants and have he snokin ' a cigar if they think it would sell they damn junk ! int sear suite - sear watching tv . 1s4a the table set elegantly , sear very still on the couch . . sonny'' voice they get he tank - on tranquilizers and bute ! his tendo not fillin ' up . they get he shot full of steroid . it 's just for look and it make he sterile ~ so even if you want to breed he and pass on they great quality , you could not . to say nothin’ of what the horse hisself be missin . sear remove he glass quietly , presse he temple . ext CISCO fall - the cabin - night 1943 on rising Star , cover with a blanket , tethere close to the cabin . hallimn' voice +. I could tape a Little bit along the way ... you know , nothing that would give away where we be . maybe I could get somebody to get it to the network likd I do today ... 194c int thr cabin ~- sonny & hallie - night 194 '' sonny -cook chili at the crumble fireplace . the window be break out , ruin scattered around , no furniture . hallie be excited , wound - up . . hallie ( continue ) ++-- and since you figure it 's a long trip , then that 's what ... - four , five more day on the news ... = sonny give no indication of have hear she ; dish out two bowl of chili . hallie ( continue ) none for I , I be not hungry ... so by the time you set rising Star free , you will have everybody in the country behind you ! . sonny then I would just have to keep lookin’ over my shoulder . hallie ( exasperate ) do you want to go to jail ? sonny no , hallie well how do vou think this be go to end ! sonny ' not on Television . frature hallie 's strong reaction ! do he know ? she quickly grab the chili an@ start eat . cover : hallie ok ... I respect you position . I do not und stand it , but I respect it . lot of famous people hate publicity . I do not . know how they get famous . Albert '' schweitzer , franco ... Albert schweitzer ... - he - be lookiny at she . she stop cate . worried . ( continued ) lvdc continued : 19 '' hallie ( continue ) what be you stare at ? he look at she a m oment , shake he head , go outside , get up , 194d ext cabin - pull shor ~- sonny and rising STAR - night 194 sonny move to the touches he gently . cluck . look over the tend on . . behind he hallie move to the doorway '' in silhouette , . . horse , hallie T do not mean to make you angry ? sonny you do not , he step past she , inside , 194 int the cabin ~ sonny and hallie ' 194e he get a blanket , against : the saddle , over he face to shi props a pillow from the tioga up stretch out . he put he hat eld he eye from the light . hallie >»- what be we do , .. , ? sonny ( tiredly } go to sleep , hallie I be not sleepy , sonny ( half - asleep ) " you be not hungry either , ( then ) tt 's a long way . iat where should 1 , > sonny ( mumble ) . + wherever you want .... , tis breathe i 8 regular now , pusy as she watch in on hallie' face , he sleep , rouble by she own thought , 1946 194h -ext beautepul mountain panorama - dann 194f craggy , snow - cover . pan down to reveal a.speck move through the pass . a station wagon . travelling on station wagon - wbc sticker in window 1946 feature the station logo , four man in the wagon , the back load with camera equipment . the cameraman look around , cameraman where the hell be we ?.. , the donner pass for godsake ?? ext cabin - on the tioga , - morning : : 1948 as sonny grive it into a pocket in the rock . he get out , move to rising Star who be load with the supplies . he look up , see hallie by the cabin , . hallie I be all ready ! sonny : have to get to a phone and warn Gus . when they find the camper they will trace it right to he . she move toward he lug the camera equipment . sonny ( continue ) what be you do with that ? hallie it 's expensive equipment : I be responsible for it . I be cer - tainly not go to leave it here : sonny we be walk ! with we foot ! there 's no excalator : no belli - hop ! she look towards rising Star . . sonny oh , no ..het not carrin ' it ... hallie ~c I do not ask -- ( continued ) eo Te 1941 continued : 194 sonny ccand I be not carryin it ... and you can not carry it . hallie . the hell ft can not . I have carry this stuff plenty of time , sonny ~ up the excalator at bloomingburgs ? hallie bloomingdale ! and@ what do you know about naw York ? sonny ever hear of the madison Square garden ? : hallie no! sonny ; well they get redeo there . it 's a damn big thing , and I be in it . hallie I have be to the rodeo ! twice ! sonny do you stay for the rattlesnake round - up ?? hallie sure : I stay right to the end ! sonny well they do not have one ! how 's anybody gonna roundup a rattle - snake ?: hallie towas sjust try to be ploagsant ?! you get yourseli sa work upt . sonny ' what do ul have to be work up about ?...3 get a steal horse , every - body but che Coast Guard after I , nuthin ' but open country to cross , and now I be carryin ' a crazy woman wearin’ shoos from bloomingburgs - think she sav a rattlesnake roundup ! ( more ) 194 u conpinued : ( 2 ) 1944 sonny -- ( continue ) well pick it - up , if you be takint it . ( he start away ) Cause it be not goin 's on my horse , she start . after he , mumble ... hallie : +.. you horse ... , . ' 195 ext . farmhouse - full shot - morning 195 see through a grove of tree . pull back to see > sonny and hallie behind the tree . sonny have tie rising Star to a branch , set down he thing . he feel for he dark glass . they be go . lose during the chase , sonny lemme have you sunglass . hallie hhand they ) they be prescription . . sonny ( take they ) you wait here with he , I will . be right baci he start off , stumbling . : hallie ( call ) what do I do if they spot you , if you do not come back ? sonny call you lawyer ! she be alone with the horse . — — ~ — _ — 197 198 ave . ext . the farmhouse ~ early evening 1946 a rock border pathway lead up to the fromt porch . a small shack be visible in the back , near a vegetable garden . sonny be knock at the door . it be open by the farmer , tall , thin , sharp - feature . sonny be have difficulty see through hallie 's glass . sonny ahh ... excuse I , I ... my car break down up the road . I get a friend down in mesquite , havin 's some trouble . he 's be waitin ' for I . wonder if I could use you phone ... just for a second . I would be happy to pay you for it . Farmer stare at he . pushes the screen door open and point inside . : the farmer phone 's over there . int . farmhouse - early evening 197 sonny move into the house . the fermer move in after he . sonny be uncomfortable as he dial , worried - abour talk in front of the Farmer . the Farmer stare at he as sonny wait for a answer , then he step out on the porch , sense sonny 's discomfort . sonny ( softly ) ~ gus. it 's sonny , I do not have time to talk , just listen to I -- intercut sonny and gus 198 Gus be in the kitchen . he hold a fry pan . gus sonny !! sonny -~ listen to I real careful -- gus 4 ( shouting ) I be in the kitchen ! ( continued ) 198 199 continued : sonny some man will come to you , aus . 198 probably police . they will ask you about the camper . you tell they I steal it . say it , Gus , ' sonny steal the camper . '! Gus my ' Wild Blue yonder . ' T buy it in elko . sonny no , Gus , I buy it for you , remember ? - and when I see you again , I be gonna buy you a nice new one . but you tell the people when they come that sonny steal the camper ... try to remember it . gotta go , friend . he hang up , start toward the front door , see a woman with a whipping spoon stand in the stare at he , wide - eye . sonny ( continue ) howdy , mar 'am , just uh ... he back away , nearly toppling a vase ext . farmhouse - sonny and farmer the Farmer sit on the porch railing , sonny ( reach in pocket ) much oblige . five dollar to cover it . farmer Mr. steele ... sonny react sharply . farmer ( continue ) I do not want you money . I you to know I see you on television . ( more ) - kitchen door , and he 's outside . 199 chew a cigar . ought want ( continued ) 199 200 201 202 continued : - 199 farmer ( cont 'd ) and ... well , I be proud to help you any way I can . right now , the best thing be to get you outta this county . hold on sonny 's strong reaction . ext . a two lane highway - cattle truck - evening 200 a semi . the trailer be wood -slatted . we hear animal sound . : int . trailer of stock truck - sonny and hallie 201 and rising Star . and every other animal know to man . cow , sheep , a few pig , some squawk chicken . hallie and sonny be on they stomach in the stinking hay . hallie hold a yves St. Laurent scarf over she nose and mouth . she 's allergic to sheep and it 's beginning to show . sonny look over at she . watch she a moment . sonny how d' you like it so far ? she glare at he . ext . a one STREET town - sheriff' car - evening 202 stop by the side . the sheriff lean against it . the stock . truck move into frame , stop as the sheriff hold he hand up . the Farmer stick he head out the window . . farmer how 's the day , Edwin ? treatin ' ya good ? sheriff goin ' by okay . get the whole world lookin ' for that cowboy . farmer pro'bly up there in the hill , Edwin , may as well cat nap on you porch . ( continued ) 202 203 204 wv oo u continued : sheriff would not want to find he anyway . ' cept for that dam reward . '' that 's a mound 'a cash . close on sonny and hallie sonny be stumn , as he hear about the reward . he wait tensely . hallie be disturb as well . back tq - scene - sheriff and farmer farmer well , do not get you hope up . they wave and the truck continue on . exi . dirt trail - mountain - stock truck - dusk it grind to a step at the end of what be a dirt road . the Farmer step out , go to the rear of the truck , open the back door . he scan the sky , nod to somny and hallie , and lower a ramp . rising Star , lead by sonny , come out , saddle on he back . hallie follow , sneezing and wheeze , arm overload . farmer excalante 's just about six mile northeast . sonny check the sky , while the Farmer pull a duffle bag from the cab , hand it to he . farmer ( continue ) do not know where you be head , but ... better have some thing to hold you . there 's bread and cake , coffee and some utensil . jar 'a stew . a ' I throw in a bottle 'a something ' to keep yer blood circulatin ' . a sonny sure do not know how to thank you . '' ( continued ) 203 204 205 206 revise Feb. 3 106 . continued : farmer ( close up truck ) do not have to . ( to hallie ) Nice meetin’ you , mar 'am . good luck . he move toward the cab of the truck . sonny listen ... this be costin ' you the reward money - maybe someday I can - farmer ( without turn ) would not know what to do with it anyway . he be in the truck , turn it around expertly , and be go . sonny and hallie stand in the last ray of the tight . he throw the duffle bag over rising Star , start off toward the hill . hallie wait a moment , pick up she equipment , follow after he . ext . mountain area - sonny , hallie and STAR - night 206 . both of they exhaust , out of breath . they move uphill , sonny lead . it 's difficult to talk . hallie could we rest ... a little bit ... sonny 4 not yet ... . hallie when ?... when you get tired ? sonny I be already tired ... lady . hallie where the hell be we ? sonny you be not ... in jail . think of it ... that way . ( continued ) ee ie 206 continued : he he he revise Feb. 5 107 . hallie it can not ... go ... any ... farther . sonny sure you can ... Hell I see guy go through stuff ... you would not believe ... I know a guy ... misjudge a brahma once ... put a rib ... through he right lung ... could not hardly breathe . get right back on the '' rankest " bren there and do he 8 second . hallie I will never understand ... why you find ... that kind of ... behavior . admirable . sonny get you up the hill . hallie I have ... gotta ... sit ... down . keep walk . stop , hallie ( continue ) just .. , for ... a... minute ’? ( mo answer ) hey , steele !... sonny : ( then ) : rte norman ?! turn slowly . she sit quickly . sonny how do you know ' norman ' ? hallie I never ... divulge ... source . nod grudgingly , then actually smile . sonny sure do you homework , dontcha ? reach down , take she . camera case . sonny ( continue ) c'mon , snoopy . ( continued ) nbr revise Feb. 5 108. 206 continued : ( 2 ) she follow he , trip , curse , go on . sonny ( continue ) y'know ... if you just ... think about somethin’ else ... it 's easier . keeps you mind off ... you foot . ( silence ) you know the Star spangle Banner ? hallie what ...? sonny the National anthem . hallie I kmow it 's the National anthem ! ~ D you mean can I sing it ?. it 's hard to sing . sonny . yeah ... why be that ... d' you s'pose ? ' hallie interesting question ... maybe if we ... just sit dow and discuss that . . twas a psychology major . before L get ... into journalism . just the SOUND of they hard breathe for a moment . then : sonny now " America the beautiful " , that 's a easy tune to carry . 206 207 103 . continued : ( 3 ) 206 hallie ... figure out why you be really do all this . I be a psychology major before I get into journalism . sonny you ever be to a rodeo ?... watch the flag ridin ' in on they pretty cowgirl ... hair flyin ' behind they hat ... wind stretchin' the flag back ... horse prancin ' around real proud ... all the people singin' America the beautiful ? hallie that 's a good ideal ... why do not we sit down together ... and sing America the beautiful ? sonny ( sing ) ' ohhhh spacious ... oh beautifulll for spacious sky ... . for amber wave of grain ... 's come on , it will keep ya goin 's . hallie oh , God ... ( sing ) " for purple mowntain ... majesty above the fruite plain ... ' they move away into the night . sonny and hallie ' America ... America , God shed his _ grace on thee ... and crown they good ... with brotherhood ... from sea ... to shine ... sea close - a SMALL campfire - night 207 a pan rest beside it . pull back to see a makeshift camp . hallie lie against a tree , a rumple sleep bag under she . she be exhaust . her boot be off , she eye close and she hold a half - eat carrot . sonny be on the opposite side of the fire , lean back against the saddle . he sip hot coffee . rising Star be tethere , a blanket over he . sonny look at hallie for a time , then : ( continued ) 207 ilo . continued : 207 sonny ( softly ) Hall --oween ? she open one eye ? sonny ( continue ) hal--ibut ! hallie huh ? sonny you name ... hallie . that 's not you name . hallie ( a tired smile ) Alice . my name 's Alice . my Little sister use to holler for I after school ... she would scream out ; ' h -a-a-1l -i-c-e . ' so everybody start call I hallie . sonny eye almost close ) Alice Martin . ( nod ) fit you . hallie ( eye close ) I usedto bite ... and pinch ... sonny I will bet you do . in the distance a high - pitched almost human SOUND . then another , hallie 's eye open , frighten . sonny ( continue ; quietly ) mustang ... mare . they smell rising Star . the stallion 's head be up , he ear thrust forward . he snort and paw the ground . one more far off SOUND . then quiet . ~ ( continued ) on oe se tl EI 207 208 208a 2088 revise Feb. 5 , lll . continued : ( 2 ) hallie what ?? sonny by the law . hallie oh. '' sonny not much fun ... be it ? chis eye close ) you know what you need ? ( she wait ) pair 'a proper shoe . she look guiltily at she spike-heel boot . then : hallie wher be we go ?... be we lose ? sonny lose ?... no. ( then ) g'night , Alice . hallie goodnight , norman . she stare at he across the fire . hold , then : ext sion - caesar' palace - night 208 . " welcome ampco " be be take down by night workmen . ext caesar' palace - three limousine - night 208a they pull away - from the entrance , as camera tightens on two ' mustard -color blazer . ' blazer # 1 well , this 's one we will not forget . blazer # 2 come on , let 's get the plane . they pile into a taxi . int limo - sear and group - night 2083 on the way to the airport . toland be on the portable phone tell the company pilot that they be on the way . ( continued ) 208b 209 revise Feb. 5 112. continued : 208b sear . if she 's with steele then the Network will know where they be . fitzgerald well , Mr. sear , that 's the news department ... I do not think they will give we that information . sear be you say that we spend 80 to 100 million dollar buy television time and we can not get a simple piece of information ? fitzgerald no , no , no , no I be not say that . toland you do not ask the news department . you ask the advertising department , they ask the news department . ext campsite - rising STAR - moonlight 209 alert ... listen to the night sound ... sense the mare somewhere . pan to hallie , wide awake . across the burnt - out fire sonny sleep , he arm twitching in some dream - like reflex . hallie look at she watch , exhales . she feel for she tote bag . it 's beside the dead camp - fire . she get out of the sleep bag and crawl to it , rummages around , find a pill vial . ces empty . she reach back in , come out with a bufferin bottle , shake two out , teach for the cold coffee pan . sonny make a sharp sound , mid-dream and open he eye . there she be , wide - awake and somewhat furious at no pill to get she to sleep . sonny what be you doin ' up ? hallie nothing much . sonny y'had a hard day . just scrunch down in that sleepin’ bag . she shake she head , almost laugh . ( continued ) = so Te 209 ' 210 revise Feb. 5 113. continued : 209 hallie be life really that simple for cowboy ? sonny who the hell 's talkin ' about life ? I be just talkin ' about gettin’ some sleep . hallie I do not sleep ... sonny . never ? how old be you ? hallie ... not ... in front of someone I do not know . sonny you sleep last night . hallie the hell I do . ( then ) not in front of a stranger . _ sonny ' fraid you do not look good with you mouth open ?... hallie there 's a mean streak in you - but he have she wrist and be bring she closer . sonny ( quietly ) no ... no there be not . when she be quite close , she abruptly look at he ; halliz I still pinch and bite . sonny ( neds slowly ) . or ... 6 i of rising STAR - against a mountain sunrise his steaming breath backlit against the sky . pan to hallie , wide awake , perfectly groom , put together ( continued ) 210 revise Feb. 3 114. continued : 210 and stare off at sonny who be still sound asleep . this stranger . what will happen when he wake up ? she watch he a moment , look at she camera case , look toward the horse and the mountain beyond . like a addict , she can not resist . she start to hook up the camera , but rising Star whinny , waking sonny . she quickly put the equipment away . rising Star whinny . hallie Morning ... I be still here . she laughes a short nervous laugh . hallie ( continue ) there 's some coffee from last night ... might be cold . he stare at she as if she be from Mars . be y sonny probably be , if you do not heat it . hallie and some cheese ... he shudder at the think , get out of the balnket like a arthritic cricket , drag himself over to the horse and check he tendon . hallie ( continue ) you be all bent . be you sick ? sonny no. bent. hallie have some cheese . they say that breakfast be the most important meal of the day . sonny I be the one that say ic . hallie be you sure you be not hurt ? sonny part of I wake up faster than other part . break part take longer . ( continued ) 210 revise Feb. 5 115 . continued : ( 2 ) he move stiffly to the fire , feel for the non-existant warmth . the silence bother she , so ; hallie I would have get a cab ... leave you a Little note ... y'know , ' call I 's with my telephone number ... my answer - ing service number , actually ... she trail off ; sonny hey ... what 's botherin ' you ? ( he move to she , smile ) it be just you and I last night . ( she 's uncomfortable ) it be not gonna be on television . ( beat , then : ) ts it ? hallie I do not know what you be talk about ! the trouble be ; you get up slowly and I get up fast . it 's the way I be bring up ; we get up and we get to work . sonny Hell , I grow up gettin ' up . li be up before you have the sun in you room . hallie be we in a hurry ? I think we be suppose to be in a hurry . he smile at she , lift he coffee cup in a toast ; sonny mornin 's Alice . she turn , exasperate , gather she tote bag . 216 revise fed. 3 ll ?. long view - utah countryside 213 sonny laad rising Star . she shoulder , to har . music cont another angle - the journey up the mountain 214 the three of they in light snow . almost a biack - and - white image . : a steep canyon - sonny , halliz & rising STAR - dav 215 the sky and tower cliff beyond . wo snow now . way slowly . music continue : but seu a radio commercial ; radio voice fade radio voice over os ping below freezing on the higa plactaau and in the mountain tha snowline be at three thousand cn national scene , the searcn for rising Star and sonny sctaele be concentrate in Central Utah -- this voice dissolves to rallie' rallie' voice t see any fall ac cisco somnny' voice will you can neme any - & high cliff - hallie - day 226 to sonny . her shoe ara 3 ping she foot , enjoy sonny . pan he attend the horse . sonny you evar try to see the sea from the sea-vista Hotel in Needles ? there be not even a bird - bdath sor 3 nuncre mile . sony ntain - View " hotel 's sow Kansas , like people sea ali thar 's 216 continued : revise Feb. 5 118. 216 sonny star at night ; guy ridin ' in chariot , bull and snake and chicken ... Hell this guy ' orion 's or whatever he name be - suppose to have a belt ? I never see no belt up there . you ever see a belt ? tell the truth now . hallie ( smile ) no ... I 'never see no belt . sonny well , there you go . ( belt ) once in awhile if it 's real clear though ... I still take a look . he finish he work , move over , position the horse for she to mount . pat he thigh for she to step up . sonny put you leave foot up here . hallie what ??... but I ... I do not know how to ride . sonny you ain ! t gonna tide , you be just gonna sit on he . hallie listen , I be not really ... interested in horse ! they be too ... big. sonny ai not a mean bone in he body . now come on , we can not make no time with you in they spikey shoe . she put she foot on he knee as he gently place she atop the horse . as they start away we hear : mustc up : hallie' voice shesh - should I p-p - pet he ? begin part ii montage : 217 218 220 kevise 2e9 . 9 l19/12¢ a grey - cloudy vista - sonny , hallie & rising star 217 she ride as he lead the horse . she be stiff and scill frighten . na long long view - mountain crest - day . 218 announcer's voice -- doyle hick , go ahead you be on the air . call in voice '' yes ... be this doyle ? announcer's voice turn down you radio -- call in voice yes , well I just wane to say thas what sonny steele do be wonderful '' news for the animal of this country ! that 's all I have -- young girl voice -- do not see what 's wrong , if some - body be poisoning a animal that a person snould not try and stop it 12 he can -- closer travelling shot - sonny , hallie & rising STAR 219 hallie be relax now , see the country , awad by size of ic . sonmy watch the horse pick he way th the rack . cowboy's voice done the same bleep thing myseli if I would nad tne chance . they bleep ampco- people get no right to -- + long view - mountain stream - silhouettes 229 tiny figure . sonny lead rising Star in stream . hallie watch . all from a L sonny'' voice be not nalf - bad back a ' bourbon neither , - but it can be with swum across too ... to know that , junkie , v'ai not gonna make it . 221 222 i21. a dry wash - tree line - bare branch 221 hallie be riding again as sonny lead they through the sandy wash and the grey cottonwood . hallie' voice -- see this country as if for the first time . not look down from a jet 30 thousand foot above , but from -- day campsite - sonny , hallie & rising STAR 222 '' he take the bandage off the tendon , throw it away . hallie be talk into she tape recorder ( continuing the above : hallie ( continue ) -- the low angle of a man who mean to cross it on foot ... lead a thoroughbre stallion to a secret destination , to a private goal ...to a ' rightness '... a ' fairness 's he hope to find in this valley . valley shelter beneath snow cap mountain , that meet the sky in an.eternal geometry of silence . for this observer - it 's like be at sea in the vastness of America . she turn off the tape recorder . he move toward she . she whip the-recorder protectively behind she back . hallie '' ( continue ) oh no you do not .... ( then plaintively ) you be not go to throw it away , be you ? he look at she a moment , then bend down and kiss she on the forehead . sonny that be nice about the mountain and the valley . he move away , and we hold on hallie . she 's touch , and strangely embarrassed , so ; hallie hype . ( continued ) 222 225 226 227 revise Feb. 5 122. continued : 222 sony fool I , he move the horse into pasition for she to mount . hallie I think I would like to walk ... like you . he smile , nod , start off in he roll eccentric gait . she fall in beside he , in a exact parody of sonny 's walk . he burst out laugh , put he arm around she shoulder . as they move away ; music up . begin part ili montage omit a rocky hill - day , 224 they be come down now . rising Star travel the hill with something approach expertise . when he reach bottom , hallie be almost as proud as sonny . a ridgeline - sonny , hallie & rising STAR - day 225 music fade as sonny look over the edge ‘of the ridge , react . sonny'' p.o.v . - road and gas station below 226 in the middle of nowhere , just off the blacktop . back to sonny & hallie 227 sonny be disturb . sonny that be not suppose to be there , . or we be not suppose to be here . hallie ( ineredulous ) you be lose ? sonny Bout a mile ' worth , look like . better get off this ridge . ( continued ) 227 revise feb.5 123 , continued : / 227 . as they move away from the ridge , they approach a steep embankment . sonny lead rising Star down carefully . hallie start to follow , catch she heel and tumble the entire way down to the bottom . sonny hurry to she as she try the get up . sonny you allright ? hallie tip top , thanks . but as she try to stand , she wince in pain . sonny sure ? hallie really ... really , let 's go . sonny you better sit . down . hallie ( rub she butt ) you do not seem to understand the problem . sonny well , lay down or something . hallie and listen to you bitch about my boot ?... not on you life . she start to hobble , gamely . sonny we be make damn good time . now relax : she stretch out on she side , favor the injure side . sonny fish in the green bag and take out a mason jar of bourbon that the pocmer leave . he bring it to hallie , who take a sip . then sonny take a long drink . sonny you rest . I be gonna find we a place to cross that road . [ I will not be long . he move off as she watch . revise Feb. 3 £ 24 , 228 ext ampco tower - los angele - day 228 establish the huge building . 229 int ampco executive suite - day 229 OPEN close on a map of utah , spread out on a desk . pull back to see all ampco exec 's present . fitzgerald . talk about boondock - toland she order a camera crew to meet she there . I suppose to photo - graph the , uh -- sear ' ceremony 's . a awkward silence . sear the sale figure again . exactly . as toland rifle through he note , the door open in the b.g. and a bus boy from the caterer come in and begin quietly clean up a table of food . toland cumulatively up thirty percent - by close time in the east , they would emptied the shelf . sear 's attention have shift to the Bus Boy . sear ( call to he ) where do you get that ? bus boy Sir ? | sear you shirt ! and now we see that under he windbreaker he be wear a T-shirt emblazon with sonny 's face . bus boy from one of that guy sellin’ ‘em on the street . feature sear ' reaction . sear thank you . be ee ~~ ow ee 230 231 232 revise Feb. 5 : lz . omit omit 230 ext gas station - black top road - dusk 231 hallie be approach the store very carefully . she look in the window before she go to the entrance . she have she sunglass on . int gas station / store - hallie - dusk 232 it be tend by a little girl , apparently alone . there be candy bar , beef jerky , some novelty . otherwise it be barren . hallie hi . what 's you name ? little girl Louise . hallie same as mine . you run this place yourself , Louise ? louise you name really Louise ? rallie you bet . you mother or father around ? louise my mom go to get butane . we be out . hallie do you have a telephone ? loutse out , too . every time it snow up at marysvale , first thing the phone go out ... where 's you car ? hallie well , I be sort of camp out , and the car 's on the fritz , and I want to let my boss know , and uh ... will you be go anywhere near a phone ? I mean , later , like when you close up ? louise we get a phone at home . ( continued ) ee 232 continued : she take revise Feb. 5 126. 232 hallie I will bet you could make a call for I and deliver the message . what do you charge to make a call ? louise one dollar . hallie that 's fair . out a pen and paper from she bag . write : hallie ( continue ) here 's the number ... and you ask for Mr. Les Charles and you do not talk to anybody else , no secretary or anything , and when you get he on the phone , you tell he that you be call f'r I ... louise - for Louise . hallie no ... yes , for Louise in Utah . ' louise I know what state it be . hallie and Louise say to please call off the crew , and to , ch , to call off everything and thac I will explain when I see he . outside , a pick - up pull into the station , stop . louise I better tell he how you car 's break down . two roadworker get out of the truck , start for the door . hallie no ! just the other part . louise about the flu ? hallie no , the crew ! ( continued ) revise Feb. 5 127. 232 continued : ( 2 ) 232 the man enter . hallie ( continue ) I have a idea . i'1l write out the whole message and then you can just read it to he . as she scribbles the message , Louise adress the man ; louise her car break down . man # 1 where 's that , miss ? hallie it do not actually break down . it 's just the way it act . louise I have to call she boss from home cause the phone 's out here . man we could give you a lift into ... hallie no , no thank you ... man / . or make that call for you ? hallie you know , Louise , this be all too complicated . I think '' tc ic . should just a cf though love a couple of that candy bar ... and this . she grab a few thing , slap a five dollar bill on the counter and rush out . 233 ° ext a rocky area - sonny - late day 233 trudge back toward where he leave hallie . 234 ext the ridgeline - hallie - late day 234 she scramble hurriedly up the hill . 235 236 revise Feb. 5 128. ext - closer to the ridgeline - sonny ~ late day 235 closer to the camp . he stop abruptly , as we hear the distant wail of a police siren . ext the camp - hallie - just arriving 236 she rush in , relieved that he be not there yet . she start to take the purchase out of she bag , hear a noise , quickly put the thing back into she bag and turn just in time to see sonny appear over a rise . he smile at she , move to put the gear onto rising Star . . sonny how ya doin ' ? hallie good as new . sonny we can cross about a mile down . better honk on it . I wanta get where we be goin’ fore dark . / hallie ( alarmed ) we be that.close ?? sonny to where we be spendin’ the nighc . Inside . for a change . place I know belong to a crazy old rodeo a - nouncer . Clark wembly ... if it 's still stnadin' . hallie be worried now , try desperately to stall . hallie be not there some , , , some closer place where you guy take horse to let they go . sonny look at she a moment , continue to work , . sonny no , I just use the one , myself ... hallie you know , this place be so pretty . if I be rising Star , I would be perfectly happy to -- ( continued ) revise Feb. 5 129 . 236 continued : 236 sonny ( he back to she ) hey , do I a favor Alice , do not go tryin to think like a horse . tighten to a worried hallie . 237 ext utah airport - late day 237 the ampco jet touch down and whooshes past camera . 238 ext utah airport - extreme close up - fitzgerald 238 pull back to see he near the plane address a group of reporter . he be dress in western gear . toland stand near he . fitzgerald . although one network or report - er may think he or she deserve a monopoly on the news , we at ampco believe that the public 's right to know supercede every other consi - deration . that 's why we have call you here , it 's good citizenship and good business . during above pan toland through the reporter to a wait limo flanke by two police car . reporter' voice where exactly be we go ? fitzgerald's volce t£ you will just be patient and follow we instruction -- toland enter the limo , revealing sear and Dietrich . 239 ext - a cabin in the mountain - night . 23° camera pan past rock in the moonlight , come to rest on rising Star , blankete outside the decrepit cabin . 4 sonny'' voice . have this place build he first successful year . should of hear he over the p.a. Voice like sticky molass ; '' and sonny steele do hi eight ! 240 130 . in the cabin - sonny & hallie - night 240 a fire burm in the crumble fireplace . Old rodeo poster peel off the wall . sonny be expansive , talk - ative , hallie be very subdued . sonny ( laugh ) damn ! you know anybody in the whole world they life 's just all what happen in eight second ? just waitin ' for the buzzer ... boy be I rumnin ' off at the mouth . hallie sit . hallie yes , you be . | ( then ) I enjoy it . sonny well ... you be polite . hallie when do we get there ? sonny " Bout midday . ( then ) somethin 's botherin ' you ? hallie no . what happen to you ... after ? - sonny gonna 's start the question again ? she smile , but persist . hallie what happen when he 's loose and chase mare ? do you just de the same ? sonny ( levelly ) I do not know . he move to she , kneel level with she eye . ( continued ) 240 131 . continued 240 sonny ( continue ) what do you think should happen ? you be a ... clever lady , you get all the fact . how you gonna end you story ? she want desperately to tell he . can not . hallie you say it like it 's a bad word , ' clever ' . would you rather I be dumb ? sonny I like you bein ' smart . but sometimes you get so busy bein ' clever that ... well , when be the last time you be surprised ? hallie ( quietly ) you . you be a surprise sonny . they look at each other . he move slowly foreward to kiss she . she turn she face abruptly . hallie ( barely audible ) : I tell they . they be both freeze for a moment . hallie continue guickly hallie I call the network and tell they where you be go . neye close ) I tell they to meet I there with a camera crew . they be probably there now . sonny nod imperceptably , wait . hallie that 's ... not all . sonny ( quietly ) oh ? now for the bad news , huh ? hallie I lie to you about my go to jail . ( continued ) 132 . 240 continued ( 2 ) 246 sonny exhales slowly , rise , move around the room . hallie ( continue ) well ... yell at I , or slap I , or something ... sonny I already slap you , Alice , first time we be alone to - gether . you want I to use a club ? hallie I would not have do it now , sonny , I swear ... sonny sure you would . you be a reporter . a damn good one . you would ... report . hallie ( shaking she head ) God , this be ridiculous ! you be the one that break the law and I feel like the criminal ' sonny ( nodd ) why d' you think that be ? hallie because I do not expect to get . involved . sonny involve . y'mean it 's ok to mess life up for stranger ? hallie I do not want to mess anything up . I want to get the story . all of it . sonny you get that allright . Hell it call you and give you a story . be not enough , be it ? where 's my letter ? you mail it or be that goin 's on tv too ? ( continued ) 240 continued 133. ( 3 ) 240 '' sonny ( sharply ) you get no right tryin' to get yourself promote on the tv with my trouble . it 's nobody 's business ! hallie sonny , you be public domain . and you ask for it . nobody hold a gun to you head to make you sign with ampco . that be you picture up there on the box , be not it ? in focus - so you must have sit still . it 's not you back run away . it 's that big ... sweet ... bewilder smile . sonny the horse do not sign nuthin ! and he sure as hell be not smilin' . hallie I see , this be all for the horse ? sonny no . this be suppose to be for both of we . we do not do that work no more . hallie ( compassionately ) sonny ... you can not resign from be famous . sonny ( quietly ) wanta bet ? ' silence for a long moment . then ; hallie what be you go to do ? sonny what I say . hallie but you can not : they will be there ++. and maybe the police : sonny I gotta face ‘em sooner or later . T be not gonna run for ever . ( then ) ( continued ) 240 241 242 243 244 continued ( 4 ) sonny do what y'had to do , Alice . y'ea not change it now . hallie ( miserable ) I just want to do my job , sonny . be the best at it . the way you do in rodeo . sonny that 's fair . 134 , 240 she move slowly to he . llean she head on he shoulder without touch he . hallie I be so sorry . sonny it 's past you bedtime , Alice . we get a interesting day , tomorrow . she hold he face , kiss he . dissolve to : long view - a mountain stream - day the image hold for only a instant . dissolve to : int the cabin - sonny & hallie - night they kiss , from another angle . closer . dissolve to : long view - a mountain meadow - day the image hold slightly longer . dissolve to : int cabin - sonny & hallie - night on the sleep bag , hold each other . dissolve to : the mountain meadow & stream - closer view - day idyllic , sun -drench , green . hallie' voice over be we almost there ? int cabin - night - sonny & hallie touch each other . SOUND of the wind outside . 241 242 243 : 246 245 1 & a 247 135 . the meadow and stream - sonny , hallie & STAR - day 247 sonny be umsaddle rising Star . sonny ( simply ) we be there . hallie look around frantically . there be the far off whinnie of mustang . rising Star dance nervously . hallie but ... wait a minute : the camera Crew ... they be not here ! sonny begin to take the horseshoe off rising Star . sonny ' pear not . ( to the horse ) well , Star , what d' you think of the place ? hallie they must be at another entrance . sonny ai not no other entrance . hallie then hurry ! they be late , or they get lose : sonny I doubt it . : hallie well where the hell be they ? sonny probably at rim rock Canyon . that 's where you tell ‘em to go , be not it ? it 's bout 90 mile north a here . hallie you mean this be not ..... 222 sonny this here 's Silver reef . pretty be not it ? hallie ( dumb truck ) why you lie .... ( continued ) 247 248 249 250 251 136 . continued 247 she start to beat on he , laugh hysterically . long view - sonny and hallie 248 she pound on he , the two of they laugh . sonny'' voice I never tell you I be go to no rim rock Canyon . Heil it 's bury in snow . ext rim rock canyon - day - camera crews and ampco 249 and it be bury in snow . start on a freezing fitzgerald , pan to a miserable dietrich and then on to a surreal mess ; tower erect to hold camera 's . a mobile unit park nearby . portable heater surround by freezing reporter . a large banner flap in the wind read : welcome sonny steele , good luck rising STAR from the ampco ci . toland trudge through the snow to the limo , the window 's of which be frost ftom the heater inside . int limo - rim rock canyon - sear & toland - day 250 toland enter . sear stare off into space . toland I do not think there 's enough food for another night . ( beat ) I ... do not think he 's come . sear it 's occure to I . toland 's try to prosecute again ? sear we can not turn around now . ( pause ) write he off . the Lone Ranger and Silver . May they rot in ... ( shake he head ) we probably could not buy the publicity . the meadow - sonny , hallie & rising STAR - day 251 they have walk a distance since we leave they . sonny remove the horse 's last shoe . hallie he 's calm down . ( continued ) 251 252 , 253 137 . continued 251 sonny until the breeze shift again . long view - mustang - day 252 running , move , smell rising Star . back to sonny , hallie & STAR 253 the horse throw he head back , rear . sonny calm he . hallie move close to the horse , touch he head . - . hallie we do not go back too far but ... good luck ! never mind you have '' a privelege upbringing , you be a star ! you swing you tail , now . sonny smile , take Star 's rein . sonny Excuse we a minute . 1 he walk the horse a distance away . take the bit out of he mouth . sonny remember , they be just horse , same as you , only they never be break . but they never win no championship neither . so when you cross that stallion and he want to fight , remember you get the blood on you side . hallie ( call out ) will he go - just like that ? sonny you bet . hallie but I think you guy be pal . sonny we be . ( chen ) go get ‘em , junkie . and he swat the horse hard , on the flank . rising Star turn , and gallop away . ( continued ) 253 254 255 138. continued : 253 sonny ( quietly ) make somethin’ out 'a yourself , now ... a long view - sonny , hallie & STAR 254 they stand very still as rising Star race free toward the run mustang . dissolve to : int a SMALL cafe - sonny & hallie - day 255 a young boy be wash the window outside the table where sonny and hallie sit . they have finish eat . hallie how do you feel ? sonny good . maybe not as good as he ... but good . hallie ( check she watch ) the limo should be here soon . sonny I remember lime 's . hallie Paris next . { she smile ) should be quite a change . the election . there 's go to be a new ) premier . a waitress arrive with a jelly donut with a tiny candle stick in it . hallie be very touch . sonny for bon voyage , I figure . she blow out the candle . silence . '' sonny more coffee ? hallie no thanks , I should not drink too much coffee because it ... ( she trail off ) . God I would love to see you in Paris . see Paris with you . ( continued ) 255 continued : 139 . 255 sonny you be flirt . hallie maybe . sonny point to a spot on the window that the kid miss . the kid mouth he thanks . silence . they both sonny ( shake he head ) just ... do not feel right . Paris . hallie what feel right ? sonny moovin ' on ... something ' simple . hard maybe but plain . quiet . hallie no ... company , huh ? sonny maybe for awhile . sonny ° ( gently ) I do not see you in a trailor Alice , makin ' sure there 's enough cold beer . hallie I can find where the quarter go in the laundromat . sonny you would run out of I in a month 's time . kmow it 's true . she look out the window . hallie . I wonder where Star will be tonight . I hope she 's good enough for he . outside the Big Black limo pull up . sonny start to rise , ( continued ) 255 256 257 continued 140 . ( 2 ) . 255 hallie do not get up ... please . she stand , put she coat on . she bend she move hallie you know , there 's a lot more to New York than bloomingbergs ' or that ' madison Square garden 's . it 's a wonderful city , honest . have you ever see it - I mean ' really see it ? sonny like from the top ? hallie there be worse place . ( then ) still get my card ? sonny still get it . over , kiss he softly on the mouth . hallie so long , norman . sonny e so long , Alice . quickly away , we see she enter the limo through the window . she look out , wave a tiny wave . sonny wave back . leroy's voice Hell y'suppose he 's doin 's now ? ext greyhound bus - countryside - night 256 it approach , then pass camera . wendell' voice sonny will be allright . Lord ' 1ll take care 'a sonny . leroy's voice yeah . but why ? int greyhound bus - wendell & leroy - night 257 ( continued ) 141. 257 continued : 257 on the last seat . the bus be dark , the other passenger asleep . they pass a can of beer in a sack . leroy lemme see that letter . wendell threw it away . leroy why ? wendell ( recite ) " dear wendell and leroy ; ok I do it now . I hope you be not too mad at I . [ do what [ have to do . with love and affec - tion I remain -- " leroy " he " remain ! what do we remain ? wendell sonny do we a favor , Lee . be ' so long since we talk about now . no of we . " do , do , be , be , ( 0 ride ' '' twinkles ' and who throw ' bubbles ! , remember this , remember that . " leroy yeah , he sure bring we up to date now , allright ! back to Leo marston 's ranch . probably still run it like a damm con - centration camp ! wendell look 'a that moon . leroy put he magazine away . . leroy . how come ... everybody always pay so much attention to sonny ? wendell ( shrug ) he 's jusc ... one 'a they guy people like to pay attention to . ( sip he beer ) ( continued ) 257 . 258 259 142. continued : ( 2 ) 257 wendell prince and fool , Lee . watcher and dooer . leroy be think . wendell turn back to the window , to the night outside , begin to hum softly . ext - the greyhound bus - night 258 it , plunge through the night . hallie' voice ... all charge have be drop and accord to one company source the ampco art department be hard at work design a new logo . int a tv studio - hallie ~ on the AIR 259 she be at a news desk . her co - anchor be on she right . two camera cover the live broadcast . hallie as to the whereabouts of rising Star ... ( she pause ) - nothing further be know . she begin to collect she papers . hallie so end the bizarre saga of horse - racing 's most honore stallion . and the unusual man who sect he free . ( then ) except for a minor postscript . the co-anchor man look over abruptly . the camera man cover she check the clock and be puzzle . hallie Mr. steele will be happy to hear that he name be not as well know as it be - even a week ago . Signs fade , other face get paste over . she look up from she note and be suddenly speak as though directly to sonny . hallie you will have you privacy back , sonny . you ... self . I wish ... ( she clear she throat ) ( continued ) 259 260 143. continued 259 hallie I wish I be around to see you smile at ... not be recognize . I wish I be around ... just to make a little trouble . she search for the right word ; . hallie there 's no place I will ever be that I will not ... for just one moment ... see with you eye . the way I see that beautiful high place , thac canyon without a name , where rising Star 's run - ming now . and ... and the way you show I ... I . ( she pause ) I envy the people you talk to this morning , somewhere down the road . where be it ? some ... some dusty cafe where they serve candle - light donut ? I ... I miss you cowboy and hope to see you again one day . for now ... forever ... wherever you be ; good luck , sonny . I hope this find you ... well . a stretch of highway in the southwest - early evening 260 the highway roll as far as the eye can see , toward distant hill . it 's desert except for sonny . he move along the road , a duffel bag over he shoulder . the shadow be long indicate nightfall be not far off . hallie' voice ( continue ) this be hallie Martin in New York say goodnight . camera begins a slow pull away , until sonny be a tiny speck , lose in the roll countryside . the end .