" the hustler " screenplay by sidney Carroll and Robert rossen base on a novel by walter tevis ext . SMALL town MAIN STREET - afternoon a old Packard coupé pull up to a roadside gas pump . two man get out and stretch they leg . the older man , Charlie burn , a bald , desiccate man in he mid-forty , shamble toward the bar across the street . Eddie felson remain behind to speak to the attendant . attendant yes sir ? eddie I think I get a little grease in this lining here . attendant oh yeah . well , it will take I about thirty minute to check it . you want I to fill she up too ? eddie yeah . you better check the oil too . attendant yes sir . Eddie leave the car park at the gas station and head for the bar . dissolve to : int . armstead be bar - afternoon armstead 's be a typical small town pool hall . it have a bar , a short order counter , a skee - ball machine , and pool table for small , friendly game . the few people in armstead 's this day be not play ; they sit and read the papers . Charlie and Eddie be at the bar , drink straight bourbon . bartender boy just pass through ? eddie yep . bartender Pittsburgh ? eddie mm hmm . bartender comin ' in or goin ' out ? eddie goin ' in . we get a sale convention . gotta be there tomorrow . bartender what do you guy sell ? charlie druggist supplies . buster here be gonna get a award . ( Eddie scoff , as if embarrassed ) no , he sell seventeen thousand buck ' worth of stuff last month . fastest boy in the territory . eddie yep . fastest and the bestest ... hey , give we another round , will ya ? one for he , one for yourself . bartender thanks . sure be a hot day for drive . late afternoon be better . you guy have plenty of time . make Pittsburgh in two , maybe three hour . eddie ( to Charlie ) hey , he 's right ! ( eye the unused pool table ) whaddya say , Charlie , huh ? play a little pool ? wait out the heat ? charlie ( laugh ) it 's gonna cost ya money . it always do . eddie oh , come on , stop stalling . grab yourself a cue . Charlie rise from he barstool . charlie ( to the bartender ) good thing he can afford it . Eddie be already at the table . eddie ( to the bartender ) keep them come , will ya , friend ? J. T. S. Brown . Charlie join Eddie . dissolve to : int . armstead be bar - time lapse the game be in mid-progress . it 's Eddie 's shot . he downs he bourbon , weave a bit , bend over the table , and awkwardly poke at the white cue ball with he stick , miss a easy shot . several more townspeople have come in from the street and be follow the play . the bartender refill the glass as soon as they be emptied . charlie you miss again , you lose again . old man ( at the bar ) what 's the kid in hock for so far ? bartender about sixty , seventy buck . eddie ( rack the ball , to Charlie ) next game , ten buck . old man ( to the bartender ) Nice lookin ' boy . clean -cut . too bad he can not hold he liquor . CUT to : int . armstead be bar - time lapse two ball lay side by side on the table . Eddie peer at they , try to figure he shot , blink he eye to focus better . some of the onlooker seem skeptical . but Eddie pat the corner pocket confidently , lean over , and rap out he shot . the ball bank in . eddie I make it , boy ! I finally make it ! c'mon , pay up . pay up , sucker . he pound he pal Charlie on the shoulder and collapse into a nearby chair . charlie you ought to take up crap shoot . talk about luck ! eddie luck ! whaddya mean , luck ? charlie you know what I mean . you could not make that shot again in a million year . eddie I could not , huh ? okay . go ahead . set them up the way they be before . charlie why ? eddie go ahead . set them up the way they be before . Bet ya twenty buck . make that shot just the way I make it before . charlie nobody can make that shot and you know it . not even a lucky lush . stung , Eddie lie across the table and set they up himself . eddie how 's that ? ( to the bystander ) hm ? be that the way they be before ? man yeah , that 's right . eddie ( to Charlie ) c'mon , put it up . they toss they money on the table , and Eddie shoot , but he shot be too hard and he ball leap over the side of the table . the bartender cannot contain he staccato laughter . eddie set them up again ... c'mon , set them up again . charlie ( put up he cue ) you be drunk , boy . I be not gonna bet ya any more . eddie whaddya mean ? charlie let 's get back on the road . you gotta be at that convention in the morning . eddie up the flagpole with the convention . c'mon , Charlie . you be into I now . I get my money on the table . charlie I do not want it . bartender I will try you . Eddie pause , smile . eddie well ... well , now . charlie do not be a chump . do not bet any more money on that damn fool shot . eddie ( to the bartender ) well , now ... I mean , you figure I be a little drunk , and I be load on the hip , and you just want in , real friendly , while the money 's still float , huh ? okay ... go ahead . set them up . sheepishly , the bartender replace the ball in they original position . eddie all right , you want some easy money , huh ? here 's a hundred and five dollar . that 's one week 's commission . now you want to take the whole thing , and then you get a crack at you easy money . bystander I will take a piece of that action . another I too . eddie ( viciously ) no. I want he . bartender I will take it out of the till . charlie ( to Eddie ) I will meet you in the car , chump . Eddie chalk up he cue , wait impatiently for the bartender to return with the money from the cash register . then he downs he drink and quickly stroke out he shot , the ball banking crisply and directly into the corner pocket . there be a cocky leer on he face as he reach for the dollar bill . CUT to : ext . gas station - afternoon the door of the Packard coupe slam shut . Eddie felson hold up he stuff billfold for he pal , Charlie burn , to see . he toss it on the seat beside he and turn on the ignition . quick fade : MAIN title sequence int . AMES pool hall - morning fade in : Henry , the elderly negro janitor , draw up the venetian blind to let the early morning light flood into AMES pool hall . Henry be the janitor of Ames , the sexton of this immense , shabby cathedral of pool , in which the pews be pool table cover with oilcloth slipcover and the great vault of a room be light by brass - and - globe chandelier . Henry amble through Ames righting overturn ashtray and replace yesterday 's abandon cue stick . the cashier enter . he look at he watch , then check he time against that of the clock on the wall . cashier Morning , Henry . Henry nod , then step up on a stool to fix the minute hand of the clock . it now stand at ten o'clock . dissolve to : int . AMES pool hall - day it be twelve- thirty when Eddie felson and Charlie burn first enter into Ames . only one table be in use ; the hall be empty . in Eddie 's hand be he leather cue case . they stand before the swinging door and look around . charlie it 's quiet . eddie yeah , like a church . Church of the good hustler . charlie look more like a morgue to I . that pool table be the slab they lay the stiff on . eddie I will be alive when I get out , Charlie . they saunter over to the cashier 's cage . a sign on the brass bar read no gambling allowed ... eddie any table ? cashier any table . Eddie 's arrival be note by Big John and preacher , a gambler and a addict , who hang out at Ames at all hour , wait for action . eddie ( to the cashier ) no bar ? cashier ( with some annoyance ) no bar , no pinball machine , no bowl alley . just pool . nothing else . this be Ames , mister . Eddie take he cue ball from the cashier 's cage and head for a table . as he pass Charlie , he mimic the cashier wickedly : eddie this be Ames , mister . the two go to a table . Eddie select a house cue , then roll it over the table top to test the roll . he seem pleased . he run he hand over the green feel as if he be caress it . his last test be to sweep the cue ball into the corner pocket . eddie Nice clean pocket drop . Eddie take some ball out of the return box and throw they on the table . eddie ( chalk he cue ) how much be I gonna win tonight ? hm ? Charlie do not reply . but Big John and preacher lean forward in they chair to listen in . eddie ten grand . I be gonna win ten grand in one night . ( Charlie stare at he ) ... well , who 's gonna beat I ? c'mon , Charlie , who 's gonna beat I ? charlie okay ... okay . nobody can beat you . eddie ten grand ! I mean , what other poolroom be there in the country where a guy can walk out with ten grand in one night ? jeez , you know , I can remember hustling a old man for a dime a game . Big John , stubbly cigar between he finger , drift over to they table . charlie ( to Eddie , off Big John ) you get company . big JOHN ( approach Eddie ) you look for action ? eddie maybe . you want to play ? big JOHN no. Hell , no ! you Eddie felson ? eddie who 's he ? big JOHN what 's you game ? what do you shoot ? eddie you name it , we shoot it . big JOHN look , friend , I be not try to hustle . I do not never hustle people that walk into poolroom with leather satchel . do not try to hustle I . eddie okay , I be Eddie felson . I shoot straight pool . you get any straight pool shooter in this here poolroom ? big JOHN what kind of straight pool game you like ? eddie the expensive kind . big JOHN come up here to play straight pool with Minnesota fat ? eddie yeah , that 's right . big JOHN want some free advice ? charlie ( interrupt , sourly ) how much will it cost ? big JOHN ( turn to Charlie ) who be you -- he manager , he friend , he stooge ? eddie he 's my partner . big JOHN ( to Charlie ) you well - heele , partner ? charlie we get enough . big JOHN go home . take you boy and go home . fat do not need you money , there 's no way you can beat he . nobody 's beat he in fifteen year . he 's the best in the country . eddie you get that wrong , mister . I be . big JOHN okay , I tell you what I want about Minnesota fat . you just go ahead and play he , friend . eddie just tell I where I can find he , friend . big JOHN come right in this poolroom every night , eight o'clock on the nose . just stay where you be . he will find you . as Big John walk off , Eddie smile at Charlie . dissolve to : int . AMES pool hall - night eight sharp . a depart customer hold the door for a income one : Minnesota fat . head turn when he make he punctual appearance . fat ' clothes reflect he high station at Ames Pool Hall : a gray feel bowler hat , and a expensive , tailore overcoat , with a carnation in its lapel and two silk handkerchief peek up from its breast pocket . he move like a sultan through the room , past Big John , whose eye dip significantly , and over to the coat rack , where Henry respectfully take he coat and hat . the buzzard - like eye of the cashier direct he gaze toward Eddie 's table . fat withdraw a cigarette from he gold case , then casually stroll toward Eddie 's table stand apart and quietly observe the sharp , precise movement of he prospective opponent . even though Ames be fill with player , there be little noise other than the click of pool ball . minnesota fat you shoot a good stick . eddie thank you . gee , you shoot straight pool , mister ? fat now and then . you know how it be . eddie ( grin ) you be , uh , you be Minnesota fat , be not you ? you know , uh , they say Minnesota fat be the best in the country out where I come from . fat be that a fact ? eddie yes sir , boy , they , heh , they say that old fat just shoot the eye right off they ball . fat where do you come from ? eddie California . oakland . fat California ? be you name felson ? Eddie felson ? eddie that 's right . fat I hear you have be look for I . eddie yeah . that 's right , too . fat Big John ! you think this boy be a hustler ? fat and Eddie regard each other with amusement , share the private joke of pool hustler . fat do you like to gamble , Eddie ? gamble money on pool game ? eddie fat , let 's you and I shoot a game of straight pool . fat hundre dollar ? eddie well , you shoot big-time pool , fat . I mean , that 's what everybody say , you shoot big-time pool . let 's make it two hundred dollar a game . fat now I know why they call you fast Eddie . Eddie , you talk my kind of talk ... ( move to the main table ) sausage ! Rack them up ! at he command , Ames come to life . player drag they chair across the floor and position they around the main table . Eddie , hand to he mouth , realize that the big moment have arrive and beckon to Charlie for he leather cue case . the uniform maid withdraw the cover off the green feel top , and sausage , the racker , begin to bang the ball into the wooden rack triangle . fat be in the washroom , scrubbing he hand and nail . Eddie stand and screw together he inlaid , ivory - point cue as fat dry he hand . he and fat eye one another . charlie how do you feel ? eddie fast and loose , man . charlie in the gut , I mean . eddie I feel tight -- but good . Henry help fat on with he coat . sausage finish rack . fat carefully extend he palm so that Henry may sprinkle on some talcum powder . they be ready to start . fat , immaculate in jacket and tie , toss a wad of bill -- he stake money -- onto the table . Charlie do the same , count the bill out one by one . fat ( off the cash ) Willie , hang onto that . Willie take the money . two ball be roll to the end of the table , and fat and Eddie , like two dueler , prepare to shoot for the break . in the silence of the room , they bend over they cue and softly stroke out they shot . the ball roll down the table , bank off the far shoulder , and slowly return toward the two player . fat ' ball hit the closer shoulder . fat you break . the ball be return and Eddie make he break shot , a glance blow that leave the pack of ball nearly intact and the white cue ball lie far away at the end of the table . Eddie look up , with a smile . eddie do not leave you much . fat walk around the table and peer at the ball . fat ( after a pause ) you leave enough ... six in the corner . place he cigarette on the wooden rim of the table , fat ram the cue ball into the pack , drop the six ball into the pocket . the table be now he . Eddie sit down unhappily . fat play quickly , move from shot to shot with study authority , he eye and hand work fluidly together . fat Fifteen in the corner ... ( shot go in ) Ace in the side . the shot go in . as Eddie watch , the prancing , elegant fat maneuver around the table . fat eight. ( shot go in ) ten ... ( shot go in ) eleven . the shot go in . eddie ( whisper , to Charlie ) Boy , he be great ! jeez , that old fat man . look at the way he move . like a dancer . fat twelve . Cross side . we see fat ' bejewel finger curl around the cue stick , the stick then darting out to send a ball carome off a far bank and into a side pocket . eddie ( o.s. ) and they finger , they chubby finger . and that stroke . it 's like he 's , uh , like he 's play a violin or something . fat nine ball . ( shot go in ) Three ball . fat keep sink shot . dissolve to : int . the game at AMES - time lapse it be eleven o'clock . Eddie be up . the crowd at Ames sit stolidly in they seat , watch each player , each move . eddie four ball . the shot go in and he line up another . eddie Cross -corner . the shot be a difficult one involve a combination of ball . as it roll in , the crowd break into applause , and fat bang the butt of he cue stick on the floor to show he appreciation . sausage game . dissolve to : int . the game at AMES - time lapse a high angle of the table . fat play defensively , play a safety , leave Eddie with little to shoot at . fat safe . so Eddie do the same . eddie safe . fat peer at the pack of ball huddle together , then point to one that lie in the middle of the pack . fat Seven ball in the corner . Big John look around -- the shot seem impossible . fat slam the cue ball into the pack . the ball carom outward in all direction . only the seven roll slowly into the corner pocket . Eddie slump back in he seat as the crowd applaud . dissolve to : int . the game at AMES - time lapse it be twelve o'clock , and fat dominate the play . as he call out the litany of he shot , we see , superimpose over he hand and he face and the sound of sock pool ball , the spectator , stupefy by the action ; Charlie , swallow hard ; Eddie , look on , wait to play ; and the bill endlessly unfold out of Charlie 's hand and float onto the table . dissolve to : int . the game at AMES - time lapse one-thirty and fat be still shoot . fat Ace in the corner . the shot roll in . charlie ( darkly , to Eddie ) quit . he 's too good . eddie Charlie , I be gonna take he . fat ( o.s. ) you shot . eddie you miss ? ( go to the table and chalk he cue ) well , you do not leave much when you miss , do you , fat man ? fat ( from he seat ) that 's what the game 's all about . eddie mm hm ... two ball , side pocket . the shot go in . fat pound he stick on the floor . no one else make a noise . fat very good shot . eddie you know I gotta hunch , fat man . I gotta hunch it 's I from here on in ... one ball , corner pocket . ( shot go in ) I mean , that ever happen to you ? when all of a sudden you feel like you can not miss ? I dream about this game , fat man . I dream about this game every night on the road ... five ball ... ( shot go in ) you know , this be my table , man . I own it . fat allow a perfunctory bow of he head , a courtly gesture , to Eddie 's manager . Charlie look away , avoid he eye . dissolve to : int . the game at AMES - time lapse it be two -thirty . now it 's Eddie 's voice we hear call out the shot . he circle the table , a proud , cocky smile on he face , and superimpose over he movement we see the spectator , hunch up in they chair , and fat ' face , glower , hostile . sausage Rack . the applause grow louder as the ball keep spin toward the pocket . dissolve to : int . the game at AMES - time lapse sausage game ! Eddie beam with pride and excitement as he accept the acclamation of the shark at Ames . he slap down the chalk and return to he seat . it be almost four o'clock . eddie pay the man again , fat . fat draw himself slowly out of he chair and hand the money to Charlie . eddie ( to Charlie ) hey , how much be we ahead ? charlie approximately ? one thousand buck . eddie fat , let 's you and I shoot a game of pool for a thousand dollar a game . fat hesitates for a moment , then reach in he pocket for some bill . fat preach ! go down and get I some White tavern whisky , a glass , and some ice . eddie preacher ! go on down and get I some bourbon . J. T. S. Brown . no ice , no glass . fat preach ... get it at johnny' . ( to Eddie ) you get a bet . they stand up , remove they jacket , and prepare to play again . CUT to : int . johnny' bar , the back room - night as preacher open the door to the back room , clutching a paper bag fill with bottle to he chest , we see six man seat around a table , play poker . preacher approach one of they and whisper something hurriedly in he ear . the man be bert Gordon . except for he dark glass , he might pass for a conservative businessman out for a evening with the boy , sip milk instead of alcohol to soothe a ulcer . he nod to preacher who then leave . bert appear thoughtful for a moment . he rise . bert gordon Cash I in . bert sip he milk . CUT to : int . the game at AMES - early morning a floor full of cigarette butt surround Charlie 's chair . Charlie crush out another on the floor and immediately reach for more . fat ( o.s. ) two in the corner . ( shot go in ) Seven . the shot go in . Eddie drain the last drip from he bottle of bourbon , then look jauntily at bert , who now sit quietly in a chair , watch they both . fat Ace in the corner . he miss . Eddie squirm out of he seat , eager to play , eager to go on win . bert sigh . eddie two ball , side pocket . the shot go in . fat open a fresh bottle of whisky . dissolve to : int . the game at AMES - time lapse the game go on . the hand of the clock on the wall spin around toward eight in the morning . Ames be empty now , except for the player and the employee . only the voice of sausage be hear , signal the end of a game . dissolve to : int . the game at AMES - time lapse as fat bend over to shoot , Henry draw the venetian blind . fat will you cut that sunshine out ? bert hold a hand to he temple , unnerve by fat ' discomposure . dissolve to : int . the game at AMES - time lapse there be a break in the action . fat and Eddie eye each other coldly , fat with he glass in he hand , Eddie with he bottle . Eddie take a swig and return to the game . dissolve to : int . the game at AMES - time lapse bert reach forward to hand Charlie more money . bert replace the billfold in he coat pocket . dissolve to : int . the game at AMES - time lapse Eddie , weary now , he hand rest on the table , look up at the cool , impassive face of bert Gordon . eddie hey , mister . bert the name 's Gordon . bert Gordon . eddie mister . you be sittin ' in that spot for hour . would you mind move ? it bother I . bert rise , move he chair about six inch , and sit down again . eddie five ball . it sink . sausage that 's game . Eddie go over to the water cooler for a drink while fat dole out he losing on the table . eddie ( to Charlie ) how much we get ? charlie eleven thousand four hundred , cash . here in my pocket . eddie preacher , go on down and get I some breakfast , will ya ? Egg sandwich and a cup of coffee . you want something , Charlie ? charlie now wait a minute . you be come with I . you be gonna eat breakfast at the hotel . Pool game be over . eddie no , it be not , Charlie . charlie Eddie ... eddie the pool game be over when fat say it 's over . charlie you want ten thousand ? you get ten thousand . eddie ah , get with it , will ya , Charlie ? charlie get with what ? eddie you can not see it , can you , Charlie ? I mean , you have never be able to see it . I come after he . and I be gonna get he . I be goin ' with he all the way . the pool game be not over until Minnesota fat say it 's over . be it over , fat ? he stand before fat and bert Gordon , wait for a answer . fat and bert exchange glance but nothing be say . eddie ( to bert ) I be gonna beat he , mister . I beat he all night and I be gonna beat he all day . still no reply , no sign of give in . Eddie start to go back to he chair , suddenly turn , a weary , clowning smile on he face . eddie I be the best you ever see , fat . I be the best there be . now even if you beat I , I be still the best . Eddie walk over to the water cooler . bert ( quietly , to fat ) stay with this kid . he 's a loser . eddie ( turn to Charlie , off bert ) what do he say ? Charlie do not know and shake he head . dissolve to : int . the game at AMES - time lapse - night Eddie 's face bury in he lap as Charlie massage he back . behind he , in the washroom , be fat , wash he face and hand . charlie twenty - five hour , Eddie . twenty - five hour you be playin ' straight . eddie give I a drink , will ya ? charlie you do not need a drink . eddie will you shut up ... just give I a drink . Charlie get Eddie a bottle . bert and Henry watch Eddie coldly . charlie eighteen thousand , Eddie . we be ahead eighteen thousand . a drunken , exhaust Eddie nod , look up at bert , grin maliciously , and take a drink . Charlie start to put away Eddie 's cue stick . bert I think you say this game be over when Minnesota fat say it be . charlie now , it 's over now . fat emerge from the washroom , dry he hand , look at Eddie and then at bert who nod . Henry help fat into the jacket with the carnation still in the lapel . Eddie grin at this . so do bert . fat open he palm for the sprinkle of the talcum powder . fat rub he hand together , then take out he cigarette case . fat fast Eddie , let 's play some pool . bert smile in appreciation . charlie let 's go , Eddie . Eddie grab the leather case out of Charlie 's hand . Eddie rise and confront fat almost scornfully . eddie you look beautiful , fat . just like a baby ... all pink , and powder up . Eddie look down at he own dirty , dishevel shirt . he and a smile bert exchange glance . Eddie move to put on he jacket . Charlie confront he . charlie what be you try to do , Eddie ? you beat he . you beat he bad . you wanna kill yourself ? eddie what be ya , chicken , Charlie ? charlie well , maybe that 's it . I be chicken . eddie go on home . just leave I the money . charlie go to hell . eddie ( enraged ) Charlie , boy , you better give I that money . c'mon now , give it to I . it 's mine . charlie okay , here ... ( slap money into Eddie 's hand ) be a damn fool . Eddie put a bottle into the pocket of he jacket and return to the table to screw together he cue stick . the sight of fat make he laugh again . eddie you know , you really look beautiful , fat . everyone stare at Eddie as he scratch he head , alone with he private joke . Eddie abruptly toss he cue case away . eddie ( casually ) I will break . a worried Charlie pick up the case and stand by mutely , watch Eddie disintegrate . Eddie lean over to shoot , then turn away , laugh loudly to himself . fat watch he , soberly , patiently . dissolve to : int . the game at AMES - time lapse a high angle . fat be shoot . no one be really watch any more . Eddie be asleep on a stool against a wall . even bert be doze . fat nine ball ... fifteen . the shot go in . sausage that 's one twenty - five . charlie Eddie . wake up , Eddie ... ( Eddie awaken slowly ) we lose again . Eddie bang he head against the wall . he knock over a bottle as he try to get up off the stool . the noise startles he . Charlie watch sadly . Eddie grope through he pocket and come up with a few crumpled bill . eddie be this all we get leave ? charlie if that 's all you get , that 's all we get leave . fat rise and toss he cue on the table . fat Willie , give I the stake money . Willie give he the stake money . fat confront Eddie . eddie fat , I get about two hundred dollar here . fat game 's over , Eddie . eddie fat , look , I get about two hundred dollar here . you can not run out on I . fat you watch I . fat step by Eddie and head for the coat rack , slapping the stake money into bert 's hand as he go by . bert return the money to he billfold , wordlessly . the blind be draw and the light strike Eddie in the eye , but still he stumble after fat , hold he money out before he , plead . eddie fat , c'mon . c'mon . hey , fat ? he bang against the corner of the table and fall onto the floor . fat hear he go down and pause , turn to see Charlie rush to Eddie 's side . after a moment , fat continue on toward the door . Charlie slap Eddie 's cheek . charlie Eddie ... Eddie ... Eddie ... Eddie ... bert , sausage , Willie , preach step around the body on they way out . fade out : int . HOTEL room - night fade in : Eddie be lie on he bed stare at the ceiling , the crash of pool ball sounding in he head . he look over at Charlie , asleep in the next bed . he roll out of bed and go to the window . we see a neon sign flash across the street . it read AMES billiard . then Eddie return to he bed , leave the key to the Packard and some money on the night table next to Charlie . he pick up he valise , he hang bag , and he leather cue case . eddie ( softly ) I be sorry , Charlie . Eddie go toward the door . dissolve to : int . bus station - early morning as Eddie enter , carry he bag , a few early morning traveler -- some soldier and a man in a stetson hat -- pass he by . he have be up all night . he rub he grimy face , then head for the door mark " gentlemen . " CUT to : int . washroom - early morning it be a typical bus station washroom at that time of the morning . the residue of a full day 's travel be in evidence : crumpled paper towel , cigarette butt , etc . part of the residue be a drunk who sit on the shoeshine seat , fast asleep . Eddie look at he , shaking he head . a wizen old attendant sit nearby . a sign on the wall read be this you lucky day ? Eddie laugh to himself , put he hang bag and cue case on a chair , then turn to face he image in the mirror . eddie ( to the attendant ) give I a towel , will ya ? the attendant , whose every move seem to require a tremendous effort , shuffles over and grab a towel as Eddie remove he jacket . dissolve to : int . bus station - early morning near the row of coin locker in the wait room be a small lunch counter and several table . at one table , face the locker , be a young woman , Sarah : a book be open before she , and a cup of coffee , and a ashtray fill with cigarette butt . she look up for a instant as Eddie appear . he now have on a clean shirt and be clean and freshly shaven . he lock he bag in a locker . her eye return to the print page . move toward the counter , Eddie notice Sarah . he go to the lunch counter , still look at she . he sniff some wrap sandwich . waitress can I get you something ? eddie later . Eddie wander over to a table next to Sarah 's and sit down . she ignore he . eddie Long wait for a bus ? sarah ( look up ) yes . she return to she read . Eddie keep look at she . her hair be brown , cut short , practically straight . her lip be pale and thin , and the bone structure of she face , although delicate , be much in evidence . there be a suggestion of tired wakefulness , of self - sufficiency , about she . and a frank , open regard which have nothing in it to imply flirtation -- or the lack of it . eddie how long you be wait ? sarah ( look up ) what ? eddie how long have you be wait ? sarah since four . Sarah go back to read . the waitress arrive to take Eddie 's order . eddie ( to the waitress ) just a cup of black coffee , please ... ( the waitress start to go ) hey , mar 'am ! wait a minute ! ( to Sarah ) would you , uh , like another cup ? sarah ( shrug ) Fine , thanks . Eddie hold up two finger to the waitress , who depart . eddie what time do the bus leave ? sarah what bus ? eddie your . sarah eight o'clock . Eddie sigh . sarah that would not give we much time , would it ? eddie ( amused ) well , you be right . I guess it would not . the coffee come . eddie ( make a toast ) hello and goodbye ... Eddie lean back against the wall and shut he eye . eddie ( after a long pause ) have a nice trip . sarah thanks . I will . he slip off to sleep . the waitress bring a check . sarah give it to I . she look at Eddie anxiously as she dig in she purse for the coin . she pay , collect she purse and book , and rise to leave . Eddie do not stir . CUT to : int . bus station lunch counter - morning the public address system bleat over the noise of the crowded luncheonette . the waitress lean over and slap Eddie on the shoulder . he wake up with a cramped neck . eddie how much do I owe you ? waitress it be pay for ... by the lady . dissolve to : int . bar and grill - noon the bar be nearly empty when Eddie come in . eddie ( to the bartender ) give I some bourbon . J. T. S. Brown . bartender you want a chaser ? eddie no . as he look around the bar he see Sarah , alone at a back booth , sip a highball . she seem amused by they encounter . so do he . he take he drink and join she at the booth . eddie have a nice trip ? sarah Fair . eddie can I sit down ? sarah why not ? we already know each other 's secret . eddie ( after he sit ) thanks for the , uh , for the breakfast . sarah two ship that pass in the night should always buy each other breakfast . eddie can I buy you another drink ? Sarah nod . eddie ( call to the bartender ) hey , another one for I and another one for the lady . bartender check ! eddie you look different ... more relaxed . sarah it 's the light . and the scotch . eddie how come you do not catch you bus ? sarah I be not wait for a bus . eddie then why go to the bus station ? sarah same reason you go : at that hour of the morning you have not much choice . besides , I only live three block from there . where do you live ? eddie around . sarah I know where you live : in a locker , in a bus station . what 's it like live in a locker ? eddie cramped . ( she smile ) you always drink like this , so early in the morning ? sarah do you always ask so many question ? eddie no , not always . sarah sometimes I wake up and I can not sleep , not without a drink . the bar do not open until eight . mack over there have faith in I . when I be break , he trust I . do not you trust I , mack ? bartender check ! sarah when I be not break , I usually have a bottle in my room , in which case I sleep very well indeed . eddie you talk kind of funny , but I like it . sarah I use to be a actress . eddie yeah ? what do you do now ? sarah I be a college girl . two day a week , tuesday and thursdays , I go to college . eddie you do not look like a college girl . sarah I be the emancipate type . Real emancipate . eddie no , I do not mean that -- whatever that mean . I mean , you just do not look young enough . sarah I be not . eddie so why go to college ? sarah I have get nothing else to do on tuesday and thursdays . eddie what do you do on the other day ? sarah I drink . eddie ( to the bartender ) hey ! sarah no . no more . I be get sleepy . ( put a scarf around she head ) thank you very much , mr...? eddie Eddie . the name be Eddie . sarah ( study he face ) the name should be Eddie . what should my name be ? eddie I do not know . whatever you like it to be . sarah I like it to be what it be . it 's Sarah . that 's a biblical name . you want to know its meaning ? eddie I could always get we a bottle . sarah ( a little alarmed ) no . eddie fifth of scotch ? sarah what do you want I to do , just step out in the alley ? be that it ? eddie no. I will take you home . there be a long pause as she try to read he face . sarah all right . Eddie finish he drink , rise , cross to the bar , pay the bill , and return to the booth . as they go out , Sarah stumble , and he catch she by the arm . sarah it 's all right . ( smile ) I be not drunk ... ( serious ) I be lame . Eddie pause a moment to register this as she limp off , then follow . dissolve to : ext . CITY STREET - midday Eddie go into the liquor store . Sarah wait outside , stiff and uneasy . then he come out with the scotch and they walk off down the street together . they walk slowly , with they eye point straight ahead . he try to ignore she halting gait . they pass under the awning of the neighborhood 's elegant parisien restaurant . dissolve to : int . hallway of apartment house - midday as she search through she purse for she key , he reach out and put he hand on she shoulder . she close she eye , then draw back against the door , fearful , like a threaten animal . sarah why I ? he take she head in he hand and kiss she . she respond but , as he hold she tighter , she start to struggle . sarah please ... please ... please . she push he away and shake she head . sarah you be too hungry . they stand there for a long moment : she look away ; he look down at the floor . then Eddie take the bag of scotch and place it underneath she arm . eddie take it . it 's yours . he leave she there in the hall and walk off . dissolve to : int . flophouse - afternoon a door open . a hotel manager show Eddie into a dingy , barely furnish room . manager you can have this one for a buck and a half a night , or seven buck by the week . eddie by the night . manager in advance . he reach in he pocket and pull out some bill . dissolve to : int . bus depot - night Eddie remove he bag from the locker . the sight of the lunch counter remind he of Sarah . but the lunchroom be empty ; only the janitor be there , mop up . Eddie pick up he bag and go out . dissolve to : ext . liquor store - night Eddie , on he way back to the hotel , stop at the same liquor store for a bottle . dissolve to : int . HOTEL room - night he enter he room , put down he bag and the liquor , and sit on he rusted brass bed . from he pocket he pull out the few crumpled bill he have leave . he look at the money , shake he head disgustedly , and close he eye . CUT to : int . bar with pool table - night it be a friendly , neighborhood bar for business people and cocktail drinker . Eddie walk casually by the pool table and over to the bar . eddie bottle of beer . he turn on he stool to watch the game . eddie hey , uh , mister ? hey , okay if I grab a cue ? player hey , you be Eddie felson , be not you ? eddie who 's he ? player now , look , fella , I see you play at Ames the other night . eddie hey , I will tell you what -- I will play you jack - up pool -- just keep one hand in my pocket . player ( return to he game ) oh man , you be way out of we league . Eddie go back to he bottle of beer . dissolve to : int . another bar - night some bill drop on a rag , beat - up pool table . two man , dress in work clothes , stand around look disgruntled . first man what be you stick for ? second man Three . that 's enough for I . eddie ( pick up the cash ) thanks ... can I , uh , buy you fella a drink ? men okay ... okay . they go to the bar . first man you know , you shoot good . but you also shoot lucky . eddie ( nodd he head ) yeah . I shoot lucky . dissolve to : int . bus depot - early morning Eddie sit at a table , smoking , wait . the paper bag with the whisky be on the table . Sarah , dress in a dark suit , limp toward he . he mash out he cigarette in the ashtray . when he look up , he see Sarah stand nearby . she seem cold and suspicious as she limp toward the table . she pause and look at he . they stare at one another for a long moment . he get up , put he arm around she shoulder , and walk away with she . as they walk , she hesitantly put a arm around he waist . CUT to : int . sarah' apartment - morning a hand reach up to open the wooden shutter . as they open , we see Eddie , in he underclothes , on the bed . Sarah , in a robe , walk up and join he in bed as they both peer out the window . sarah why do you do that ? eddie I want to see what kind of a day it be . sarah a day like any other . people come , people go . eddie give I a drag . she hand he she cigarette . he start to put on he wristwatch . sarah what time be it ? eddie eleven o'clock ... I will be back later . sarah why ? eddie come here . he kiss she on the cheek . sarah oh , you need a shave . you must not go look like that . there 's a razor and shave cream in the bathroom . compliment of the house . eddie what do you say that for , Sarah ? sarah how do you know my name be Sarah ? eddie you tell I . sarah I lie . when I be drunk I lie . eddie okay . so what 's you name today ? sarah Sarah . ( pause ) Eddie , look . I have get trouble , and I think maybe you have get trouble . maybe it would be better if we just leave each other alone . he kiss she again , this time on the lip . eddie I get my thing over at the hotel . I will bring they over later ... ( shift position , pull she close ) come here . sarah ( in he arm ) I be not sure ... I do not know . eddie well , what do you want to know ? and why ? he reach out and close the shutter . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - day Sarah emerge from a neighborhood grocery store load down with a cheese doodle carton full of food . a woman run out of the store to give she a parcel she leave behind . sarah ( warmly ) thank you . woman prego . she carry the carton across the street to she apartment house , quietly say hello to a couple of neighbor along the way . CUT to : int . sarah' apartment - day Sarah 's apartment be a typical city studio apartment : one cluttere room for sleep and eat , and a small kitchenette . as Sarah knock , Eddie be perch on the window sill . he go to open the door . Sarah enter . eddie where you be all day ? sarah at school . it 's Thursday . eddie oh , I forget . he pull she schoolbook out of the carton and take she purse . sarah you be asleep when I leave . I do not want to wake you . do you go out ? eddie yeah , I go out for a couple of hour . she unload liquor and can goods from the carton , then go to join Eddie by the window . Sarah take a cigarette lighter out of she purse and hand it to Eddie . sarah ( off the lighter ) present ... he take it . sarah you know , I have be live here for almost three year . now in three day it seem as if I know everybody . when I pass people on the street I want to stop and say , " listen , I get a fella . " eddie ( stroke she hand ) thanks . sarah Eddie , where do you go when you go out ? eddie museum ... art gallery ... concert . she smile , then she get up and return to the kitchenette . eddie well , I believe you when you say you go to school . sarah you want to go with I ? eddie what , be you kid ? see that book ? ( hold up a book ) I have be try to get through that book ever since I first get here . I have not finish the first chapter . ( off she bookcase ) do you read all they book ? sarah mm hmm . eddie you get it all in you head ? sarah when I be sober . they get a little mix up when I be drunk . most of the time they be mix up . eddie ( angrily ) oh , stop talk about yourself like you be a lush or something . I do not like it . ( genuinely concerned ) maybe you ought to go to a clinic , get some treatment . sarah I be get treatment right here . he come up behind she and put he arm around she . eddie I be hungry . sarah take you choice . I have get enough so we will not have to go out of the house till Tuesday . eddie what do all this stuff cost you ? sarah when you have get money , you will pay . eddie no , c'mon , I wanna know . I wanna keep score . sarah the bill be right here . you do not say what you want . eddie ( off the can goods ) do not you ever cook anything ? sarah egg . how do you like they ? eddie Raw . she cut she hand open a can . sarah oh , cut my finger . eddie I have get something in my bag . sarah oh , it 's not bad . as he rummages through the closet for he bag he pull out he leather cue case . sarah Eddie , what 's in that case ? eddie have not you open it ? sarah no , why should I ? it 's yours . eddie it 's a machine gun . this guy tell I when I come to the big city I would have to have a machine gun , so I buy one . ( bandage she finger ) where do you get the money ? to pay for all this ? I mean the liquor , and the grocery , and the rent ? sarah from a rich old man who use to be my lover . they kiss . someone knock on the door . Sarah go to open it . we stay on Eddie , who examine the lighter in he hand . charlie ( o.s. ) hello , Eddie . he enter the room , awkwardly , toy with the rim of he hat . eddie hello , Charlie ... ( turn ) c'mon in ... ( off Sarah ) that 's my girl . charlie ( to Sarah ) hello , Eddie 's girl ... ( to Eddie ) I look all over for you . eddie oh yeah ? how would you find I ? charlie I ask around . there be a long silence . sarah ( to Eddie ) do you want I to go ? eddie no , stick around . ( to Charlie ) can I get you something ? drink ? coffee ? charlie oh , I do not want to be no bother to nobody . eddie oh , do not play it small , Charlie . it do not look good on you . charlie how do you want I to play it ? I be break . eddie so be I ... sit down . ( to Sarah ) would you get we a couple of drink ? she start to make the drink . Charlie sit . charlie you walk out on I like that . no goodbye , no nothing . like a thief in the dark . we be partner . we be more than partner . ( to Sarah ) he be like a ... like -- eddie a son . charlie yeah , yeah , like a son . ( to Sarah who bring drink ) I have know this boy since he be sixteen . the first time I see he , back in oakland , I say , " this be a talented boy . this be a smart boy . " eddie talk to I , Charlie . charlie I want you to come back on the road with I . eddie aah ! I have get no stomach for that any more . I have have that kind of life . charlie what kind of life have you get here ? scufflin ' around the small room , pick up eight , ten buck a day ? eddie I will connect . I will get you you money back . charlie be you figure on go back to Ames to play Minnesota fat again ? be that what 's on you mind ? eddie never be out of it . I be gonna beat that fat man ... with that curly hair , and that diamond ring , and that carnation . charlie ( to Sarah ) this boy 's crazy . they wipe the floor with he . they beat he brain out and he want to go back . ( to Eddie ) what for ? to take another beat ? eddie I tell you you would get you money back . charlie ( to Sarah ) he think I care about the money . ( to Eddie ) I care about you . do you care about I , Eddie ? we be together a long time , night and day . so how do you say goodbye ? ( rise ) you gimme the car and a hundred buck . you think I care about the dough , the car ? I care about you . ( to Sarah ) this boy be the great pool hustler you ever see . a real high - class con man . he can charm anybody into anything . do he ever tell you how well we be do on the road ? we have everything : we eat good , we sleep late , we have money to burn . Whisky , dame ... ( apologetic , to Sarah ) Excuse I ... ( to Eddie , off Sarah ) I will tell you what -- take she along . Eddie lean up against the wall , listen . Sarah watch they both , curious , confuse . charlie I will tell you what else : you do not want to start right away , we will not start right away . we will get in the car and drive down to Miami , get all this crud out of you system , have a few laugh , lie in the sun for a couple of week . suddenly Eddie become tense . eddie with what ? charlie do not worry about it . I will raise the money . eddie oh yeah ? where ? charlie what 's the difference where ? I will raise it . ( to Sarah ) be it all right if I have another drink ? Sarah turn to fix the drink . Eddie signal she to stay where she be . he move forward , confront Charlie . eddie do you hold out on I , Charlie ?... how much ? Charlie do not answer , so Eddie snatch hold of he jacket and shove he back into a chair . eddie how much ?! charlie my twenty - five per cent . approximately fifteen hundred buck . eddie oh , you crumb . with that fifteen hundred I coulda beat he . that 's all I need , Charlie . charlie aw , Eddie . eddie c'mon , c'mon , just give I the money . charlie what for ? to play fat again ? eddie yeah , to play fat again . charlie you wanna come back on the road with I , okay , the money 's yours . but if you wanna give it to Minnesota fat ... nothing do . what do you say ? eddie ( viciously ) you still do not see it , do you , Charlie ? you be nothing but a small - time Charlie . you would love to keep I hustling for you , huh ? would not ya ? I mean , a couple more year with I , scuffling around they little town and that back alley . you might make yourself enough to get a little poolroom back in oakland . six table and a handbook on the side . be that when you say goodbye to I , Charlie ? charlie be that what you think ? eddie yeah , that 's what I think . charlie all right . that 's what I want . poolroom with a little handbook on the side . get old . eddie Lay down and die by yourself . do not take I with you . Eddie walk off . a pause . charlie just like that ? eddie yeah . just like that . a tear roll down Sarah 's cheek as she hear this . she stand near the door , with she back to both of they . Charlie get up and move toward the door . charlie thanks for the drink , Eddie 's girl . Sarah , she cheek wet , say nothing . Charlie put on he hat and leave . Eddie empty he glass and slap it on the shelf next to Sarah . eddie give I another drink . she pour it out , say nothing . eddie Boy ! everybody , everybody want a piece of I ! Sarah hand Eddie he drink without look he in the eye . eddie be not you gonna have one ? she pour herself a very stiff drink as Eddie move about restlessly . eddie what do he have to come back here for anyway ? Sarah drink she drink . eddie c'mere . she keep drink . eddie come here ! still drink , she turn to he . they embrace and kiss one another without put down they glass . fade out : int . sarah' apartment - night fade in : the room be a mess and Sarah be drunk . she sit on she knee on the floor , peck at the key of she typewriter with one finger . her bottle and she glass be beside she . a bare - chest Eddie be in the kitchen behind she , toss empty can and bottle from the sink into a garbage bag . he carelessly wipe the sink , then throw down the dishrag and go to the closet , pull out he leather case . sarah you go out ? eddie yeah . for a little while . reaching for the bottle , Sarah abruptly lurch forward over she typewriter , and knock the bottle over . sarah ( atop the typewriter ) ohhhhh ... Eddie quickly move to help she . eddie hey ! he help she up . eddie okay ? she do not answer . Eddie stare at Sarah as she sway limply on she knee , unmindful of she open robe . Eddie pick up the bottle and set it before she . take she ashtray , Eddie rise , run he hand through she hair for a moment , and then carry off the ashtray and empty it in the garbage bag . dissolve to : int . sarah' apartment - time lapse Sarah , still hopelessly drunk , be sprawle out on she bed , futilely attempt to dial a telephone . Eddie , in a clean shirt and pants , watch she . he set the bottle down near the typewriter and notice the sheet of paper stick in the typewriter 's carriage . he bend down to read it . eddie what be you write ? sarah ( look up from the phone ) oh , it 's a story . a story I be make up . she fall back on the bed . Eddie pull the paper out of the carriage and read it . sarah give it to I . eddie what 's this suppose to mean ? sarah give it back to I . eddie what 's this suppose to mean : " we have a contract of depravity . all we have to do be pull the blind down . " she do not answer . he think for a moment , then angrily crumple the paper in he hand and throw it at she . eddie write yourself another story . Eddie walk off . sarah ( with a sardonic laugh ) well , what else have we get ? we never talk about anything . we stay here in this room , and we drink , and we make love . ( sit up in bed ) we be stranger . what happen when the liquor and the money run out , Eddie ? Eddie give she a look , then lower he eye . sarah you tell Charlie to lay down and die . will you say that to I too ? ( rise and stumble over to he ) what happen , Eddie ? eddie you will find yourself another rich old lover . sarah that 's right ! and I be sure you will help I . Eddie turn and slap she on the cheek . sarah you wait for I to cry ? ( stare at he coldly ) you bum ... you poolroom bum . he reach for he jacket . CUT to : int . johnny' bar - night as Eddie push through the glass door to the front room of johnny 's bar . he look around at the unused pool table , then go to the bar . eddie give I a bottle of beer . bartender right . a man in a business suit come out of the back room and join he at the bar . bartender how do you make out ? man I make a couple of buck . eddie poker game ? man yeah . eddie be it open ? the man look to the bartender for he answer . eddie ( to the bartender ) huh ? bartender it 's open ... ( to the man ) what will you have ? man gimme a beer . Eddie take he beer to the back room . CUT to : int . johnny' back room - night the poker game be in progress . four man be play . one of they be bert Gordon . his glass of milk be beside he on the table . he take note of Eddie 's presence with a quick dart of he eye . eddie okay ? bert sit down . he take a seat next to bert . eddie what 's the limit ? player half and a dollar . eddie gimme ten buck . player ten dollar . he take the chip , then throw out another bill . eddie make it twenty . bert ( to Eddie ) cut . eddie deal . as the card be deal Eddie steal a glance at the man he have come to see . dissolve to : int . johnny' front room - time lapse the game be over . bert be already in the front room . he sit at a table with a drink , and watch Eddie pass he by on the way to the bar . eddie bourbon . J. T. S. Brown . bert ( to the bartender ) two . Eddie look at bert . bert ( pleasantly , to Eddie ) I be buyin' . eddie think you only drank milk . bert only when I work . eddie yeah ? why ? bert I like it . it 's good for you . besides , you start drink whisky gambling and it give you a excuse for lose . that 's something you do not need -- a excuse for lose . how do you make out in the poker game ? eddie I lose twenty buck . bert poker 's not you game . eddie what be ? bert Pool . eddie you be cute ? bert I do not think there 's a pool player alive shoot better pool than I see you shoot the other night at Ames . you get talent . eddie so I get talent . so what beat I ? bert character . eddie ( laugh ) yeah . sure , sure . bert you be damned right I be sure . everybody 's get talent . I get talent . you think you can play big-money straight pool , or poker , for forty straight hour on nothing but talent ? you think they call Minnesota fat the best in the country just ' cause he 's get talent ? Nah . Minnesota fat 's get more character in one finger than you get in you whole skinny body . eddie I get drunk . bert he drank as much whisky as you do . eddie maybe he know how to drink . bert you bet he know how . ( sip he drink ) you think that 's a talent too , huh ? knowin ' how to drink whisky ? you think Minnesota fat be bear knowin ' how to drink ? eddie okay , okay ... what do I do now , lie down on the floor and , uh , bow from the ankle ? what do I do , go home ? bert that 's you problem . eddie so I stay . stay until I hustle up enough to play fat again . maybe by that time I will develop myself some character . amuse , bert get up and join Eddie at the bar . bert maybe by that time you will die of old age . how much do you think you will , uh , need ? eddie a thousand . bert no , three thousand at least . he will start you off at five hundred a game -- he will beat the pants off you . that 's the way he play when he come up against a man who know the way the game be . he will beat you flat four or five game -- maybe more , depend on how , uh ... steady you nerve be . but he might -- he just might be a little scared of you , and that could change thing . but I would not count on it . eddie how do you know ? huh ? when nobody know that much ? bert see that big car park out by the fireplug on the way in ? well , that 's mine . I like that car . but I get a new one every year because I make it my business to know what guy like you and Minnesota fat be gonna do . I make enough off of you the other night to pay for it twice over . eddie in that case , you owe I another drink . bert laugh and signal the bartender for another round . bert Eddie , be it all right if I get personal ? eddie whaddya be so far ? bert Eddie , you be a bear loser . eddie what 's that suppose to mean ? bert first time in ten year I ever see Minnesota fat hook , really hook . but you let he off . eddie I tell you . I get drunk . bert sure , you get drunk . that 's the best excuse in the world for lose . no trouble lose when you get a good excuse . and win ! that can be heavy on you back too . like a monkey . you drop that load too when you get a excuse . all you gotta do be learn to feel sorry for yourself . it 's one of the best indoor sport : feel sorry for yourself -- a sport enjoy by all , especially the bear loser . eddie ( slap down he glass and rise ) thanks for the drink . bert wait a minute . maybe I can help you . eddie to do what ? bert get the three thousand . play Minnesota fat again . eddie why ? bert ten reason . maybe fifteen . and also there 's something in it for I . eddie oh yeah , I figure that . how much ? bert seventy - five per cent . eddie for who ? bert for I . eddie that 's a -- that 's a pretty big slice . who do you think you be , General Motors ? bert how much you think you be worth this day ? I be puttin ' up the money , I be puttin ' up the time . for that I get seventy - five per cent return on my money -- if you win . eddie you think I can lose ? bert I never see you do anything else . eddie you see I beat Minnesota fat for eighteen thousand dollar . bert look , you wanna hustle pool , do not you ? this game be not like football . nobody pay you for yardage . when you hustle you keep score real simple . the end of the game you count up you money . that 's how you find out who 's best . that 's the only way . eddie why back I then ? why not back yourself ? go find yourself a big fat poker game and get rich . you know all the angle . bert I be already rich . but I like action . that 's one thing I think you be good for be action . besides , like I say ... you get talent . eddie ( pleased ) yeah , you already tell I that . you cut that slice down to bite -size and maybe we can talk . bert no , we do not talk . I do not make bad bet . seventy - five , twenty -five . that 's it . eddie kiss off . he start to go . bert hey , wait . ( beat ) what be you gonna do about the money ? eddie there be place . I will scuffle around . bert Word 's out on you , Eddie . you walk in the wrong kind of place and they will eat you alive . eddie now , when do you adopt I ? bert ( with a friendly grin ) I do not know when it be . Eddie exit . CUT to : ext . waterfront - night sound of ship 's horn . Eddie walk past the pier and warehouse toward a small waterfront bar call Arthur 's Pool Hall . CUT to : int . arthur' pool hall - night the atmosphere at Arthur 's be stifling , oppressive . a few lonely drinker , dock worker , sit stoop over they beer bottle at the bar . in the back be a pool table . as Eddie enter , we see two burly man , cue stick in hand , watch as a pale , skinny young man line up he shot . eddie ( to young man ) hi. young man hi. they exchange glance , size each other up . then the young man put in he shot . player ( throw money on the table ) you lucky punk . I quit ya . young man ( to Eddie ) you want in , friend ? eddie how much you playin ' for ? young man a dollar on the five , two on the nine . eddie yeah , I will play you a couple . just for kick . young man okay , friend . Eddie go over to the rack and take a cue . dissolve to : int . arthur' pool hall - time lapse one of the other player be put away he cue . player that 's it for I . another player well , I guess that do it for I too . young man ( brashly , to Eddie ) you quittin ' too ? eddie you be a pretty good player . young man how much be you ahead ? eddie couple of buck . young man I guess it 's just you and I , huh ? eddie yeah , I guess it be , boy . just you and I . young man you wanna raise the bet ? two on the five , five on the nine ? eddie you know what , kid ? I think maybe you be a hustler . young man try I . eddie shoot . young man okay . the young man make he break shot , slamm the nine into the pocket . he look up at Eddie , grin snidely . the other two man , the loser , stand around , mutely follow the play . young man you sure you do not want to quit , friend ? eddie ( suddenly irk ) let 's cut out the small stuff , huh ? hundre dollar freeze-out . ten game , ten buck a game , winner take all . and then we will see who quit . young man okay , friend . you be on . eddie ( pull out a coin ) call it . young man head . Eddie toss the coin on the table . young man you win . Eddie collect he coin while the young man rack up the ball . prepare to break , Eddie chalk he cue . young man you better not miss , friend . eddie ( savagely ) I do not rattle , kid . but just for that I be gonna beat you flat . he ram the cue ball into the pack . the nine drop in . everyone be stunne , particularly the young man . eddie that 's one . dissolve to : int . the game at arthur be - time lapse Eddie have lose control of himself . he be shoot as he do at Ames , rapping in he shot with perfect control . he be completely oblivious to the glower face of the group of man who have gather around the table to watch . eddie that 's five . Eddie make a tough shot . the man exchange uneasy glance . eddie that 's six . more tough shot : tricky combination , etc . CUT to : int . the game at arthur be - time lapse Eddie finish up with yet another combination shot . eddie that 's ten . you punk , you two - bit punk . c'mon , pay up . a hundred buck . the young man dig nervously into he jacket for the money . all eye be on Eddie . the young man set down he cue . eddie you quittin ' , friend ? young man yeah , I be quittin' . sense what be about to happen , the young man pay up . he drop the cash on the table and leave quickly . then one of the other man step forward , a thick - flesh , obscene - look man name Turk . his mouth twist into a mock smile . as Eddie look about he at the circle of silent man , each one glaring at he , he fury give way to fear . turk why , you be a pool shark , boy . a real pool shark . eddie well , so 's he . turk but you be better than he be . much better . ( point to bill on the table ) there 's you money , boy . Eddie wipe he mouth with he sleeve and nervously back away . turk there 's you money , boy . Eddie try to back off but there be nowhere to go , so he make a casual movement toward the table . eddie okay . suddenly , the man grab Eddie and pin he arm . one man grab he around the throat . turk ( sardonically , to the man ) wait a minute ! let 's give this boy he money . ( to Eddie ) we always pay what we lose , boy . Turk take the bill from the table and stuff they into Eddie 's breast pocket . turk ( to Eddie ) we get no use for pool shark around here . they drag Eddie into the men' room and shove he up against the ground - glass partition . we see he cheek press against the glass , and the foggy silhouettes of the other behind he . Eddie , he mouth open , scream horribly . there be a pause . he scream again . they let go of he arm and he slump to the floor . the bartender turn and go back to the bar in the front room . the ship 's horn be hear again . CUT to : int . sarah' apartment - night Sarah sit alone in the darken room , dress in she robe and slip , lose in a drunken half - sleep . there be a knock at the door . sarah who be it ? eddie me. it 's Eddie . she go to the door and open it . her eye be puffy , she face be cover with perspiration . she open the door , then look up to see he lean against the wall , he arm tuck into he chest , with one hand cover the other . sarah what happen ? eddie I get beat up . they ... ( beat ) they break my thumb . Sarah be stunne and move to he . sarah oh , God ! she take he in she arm . he start to cry . eddie oh , they break my thumb . break my thumb . she hold he . dissolve to : int . sarah' apartment - night Sarah watch as Eddie , both hand now encase in plaster cast , try to sleep . he try to move he arm , as if try to defend himself . Sarah rise , join he , and stroke he head . sarah it 's all right . I be here . dissolve to : int . sarah' apartment - morning they be seat at the breakfast table . Sarah pour he some coffee and he try to bring the cup to he lip , but he cannot manage it . disgust , he drop the cup on the floor and get up from the table . Sarah bend down and patiently wipe up the spill coffee . dissolve to : int . sarah' apartment - night the apartment be now clean and neat . and Sarah be sober . she be at she table , type , while Eddie stand at the window , try to reach over he shoulder to scratch he back . he come over to the table and , with he mouth , pick a cigarette out of the pack . he look quickly at she , without ask directly for the match . she light it and , as she do , he glance at the sheet in the typewriter . sarah you can read it , if you want to . ( Eddie shrug ) you want to go out for a while ? to a movie ? eddie ( pace restlessly ) you wanna drink ? sarah no. you ? eddie ( suddenly open the door ) what 's it so hot in here for ? he start to unbutton he shirt and Sarah immediately get up to help . but he hold she off . eddie please ! she watch he struggle with the button for a while then spread he arm in a gesture of helplessness . as she unbutton he shirt for he , he take she face in he hand and kiss she . dissolve to : ext . sarah' apartment house - morning Sarah and Eddie emerge from the doorway . it be a warm , beautiful day , and Sarah have a basket with she . Eddie seem happy to be out with she , almost as if he have forget the cast on he hand . dissolve to : ext . riverside park - day they stop at a spot that overlook the river and spread out a blanket . CUT to : ext . park - day Eddie lean back on the grass and look at Sarah . they both seem easy and relaxed in the sunshine together . eddie Sarah , do you think I be a loser ? sarah a loser ? eddie yeah . I meet this guy -- Gordon , bert Gordon . he say I be . bear loser . sarah would he know ? eddie he know . a lot . sarah why do he tell you ? eddie I do not know . I be not sure . he say there be people who want to lose , who be always look for a excuse to lose . sarah what do he do , this bert Gordon ? eddie he 's a gambler . sarah be he a winner ? eddie well , he own thing . sarah be that what make a winner ? eddie well , what else do ? sarah do it bother you ? what he say ? eddie yeah . ( after a pause ) yeah . it bother I a lot . ( pause ) ' Cause , you see , twice , Sarah -- once at Ames with Minnesota fat and then again at Arthur 's ... ( sit up ) ... in that cheap , crummy poolroom ... now , why would I do it , Sarah ? why would I do it ? I coulda beat that guy , I coulda beat he cold . he never woulda know . but I just have to show them , I just have to show that creep and that punk what the game be like when it 's great , when it 's really great . you know , like anything can be great -- anything can be great ... I do not care , bricklay can be great . if a guy know . if he know what he 's do and why , and if he can make it come off . I mean , when I be goin ' -- when I be really goin ' -- I feel like ... ( beat ) ... like a jockey must feel . he 's sittin ' on he horse , he 's get all that speed and that power underneath he , he 's comin ' into the stretch , the pressure 's on he -- and he know -- just feel -- when to let it go , and how much . ' Cause he 's get everything workin ' for he -- timing , touch . it 's a great feel , boy , it 's a real great feel when you be right , and you know you be right . it 's like all of a sudden I get oil in my arm . Pool cue 's part of I . you know , it 's a -- pool cue 's get nerve in it . it 's a piece of wood -- it 's get nerve in it . you feel the roll of that ball . you do not have to look . you just know . ya make shot that nobody 's ever make before . and you play that game the way nobody 's ever play it before . sarah you be not a loser , Eddie . you be a winner . some man never get to feel that way about anything . I love you , Eddie . Eddie lower he eye and lean back . eddie you know , someday , Sarah , you be gonna settle down . you be gonna marry a college professor , and you be gonna write a great book . maybe about I , huh ? fast Eddie felson , hustler . sarah ( after a pause ) I love you . eddie you need the word ? sarah yes , I need they very much . and if you ever say they I will never let you take they back . Eddie just stare at she . dissolve to : int . sarah' apartment - day Eddie be about to knock on the door to Sarah 's apartment . he stop for a moment to look at he hand . the cast be off . he knock on the door with he wrist , as he would if he still have they on . when she open the door he hold they up boyishly before she face . eddie you glad ? sarah yes , I be glad . she kiss he hand . CUT to : int . johnny' place - day Eddie flexe he finger , then try out a shot on one of johnny 's pool table . he use the simpler , open hand bridge to support he cue . bert Gordon enter , and watch he play . bert hello , Eddie . eddie hi. how 's business ? bert ahh , slow ... why the open hand bridge ? something wrong with you hand ? eddie ( continue to shoot ) yeah . have a little accident . a place call Arthur 's . bert oh . you seem to do all right that way . eddie I would say my game be about twenty per cent off . maybe more . bert what happen ? somebody step on you hand ? eddie yeah . Big creep . break my thumb . bert man name Turk Baker ? eddie you know everybody , do not you ? bert everybody who can hurt I , everybody who can help I . it pay . eddie maybe you oughta give I lesson . bert sign up . eddie where do I sign ? bert the first match I get in mind for you be in louisville , kentucky . eddie you name the place , boss . I will be there . bert what happen to you anyway ? eddie like I tell ya . my thumb . bert no , I do not mean the thumb . you already tell I about the thumb . eddie I be think . bert think about what ? eddie maybe I be not such a high - class piece of property right now . and a twenty - five per cent slice of something big be better than a hundred per cent slice of nothin' . bert ( to the bartender ) hey , get we a couple of drink here , will ya ? J. T. S. Brown . bert smile at Eddie . dissolve to : int . restaurant - night it be a quiet , elegant restaurant , one with soft piano music and subdued lighting . Eddie and Sarah have walk past it the first day they meet . Eddie and Sarah enter . she have on new dress and Eddie , look a little ill at ease , have on a suit and tie . headwaiter good evening , sir . eddie good evening . ( dig into pocket and hand he a bill ) give use a nice , quiet table . headwaiter yes , sir . right this way . the headwaiter seat they at a table . Eddie and Sarah exchange smile . a waiter approach . waiter would you like a drink before dinner , sir ? eddie ( to Sarah ) hey ? sarah sherry . ( to the waiter ) very old , very dry . eddie ( to the waiter ) two. ( the waiter leave ) sherry ?... Nice joint . you look very pretty . sarah I feel pretty . suddenly she break into laughter . eddie well , what 's so funny ? sarah you tie . I never see you wear one before . eddie ( touch the knot self - consciously ) first time for everything . the waiter return with the bottle of sherry and hold it out to Eddie for he approval . there be a long pause as Eddie look from the bottle to the waiter . finally , Eddie realize he must respond . eddie oh. yeah . that 's great . the waiter pour out the sherry as Eddie and Sarah stare at each other over they glass . then Eddie look away . Sarah propose a toast . sarah to you , Eddie . they touch glass . dissolve to : int . restaurant - time lapse the waiter bring the check . waiter thank you , sir . Eddie nod and drink down the last of he brandy as the waiter leave . Sarah see that Eddie seem somber , preoccupy . sarah what be it , Eddie ? eddie nothin ' . ( look at the check ) want another drink ? sarah what do you want to tell I ? eddie well , I , uh , I will be leave town for a little while . sarah ( stunne ) for how long ? eddie oh , I do not know . sarah a week ? a year ? eddie more like a week . look , I will be back . sarah sure . let 's go home . she pick up she purse and glove and leave . CUT to : ext . restaurant - night it be raining heavily . Sarah emerge from the building and lean wearily against the awning . Eddie , have hurriedly pay the bill , follow after she . he catch up with Sarah , take she by the arm , and step out into the street to hail a cab . eddie taxi . she angrily break away from he and walk out into the rain . sarah no , I want to walk . eddie ( run after she ) come here . come on , now . Eddie grab Sarah and start to pull she back under the awning . dissolve to : int . sarah' apartment - night the door open and the two of they enter , thoroughly drench . eddie you better get some dry thing on . she walk to a chair , limping noticeably . eddie do not you want to know where I be go ? sarah no. ( collapse into a chair ) yes , I want to know what for . but I do not want to ask . eddie ( sit ) I be go to kentucky . to louisville . with a friend . try to make some money . I need it , the money . I will be leave early in the morning . sarah leave now . eddie oh , grow up . sarah why should I ? eddie Sarah , I be go to kentucky to play pool , with a guy by the name of findley . now , I need the action and I need the money . I tell you I would be back . sarah if you be go to come back you would not have take I out tonight . you would not have buy this dress . you be hustling I , Eddie . you have never stop hustling I . eddie now , I never hustle you . even when I think I be . you know it . sarah what do you want I to do ? just sit here and wait ? faithful little Sarah . pull the shade down and sit . when you feel like come back , you will come back . and you will love I . and then you will go away again . be that you idea of love ? eddie I get no idea of love . and neither have you . I mean , neither one of we would know what it be if we see it come down the street . sarah I would know it , Eddie . I would know . for God 's sake , what be you try to do to I ? I love you . eddie well , what 's you idea of love ? chain ? sarah no. ( long pause ) I make you up , do not I , Eddie ? you be not real . I make you up , like everything else . there be no car crash , Eddie . when I be five , I have polio . I be never a actress . the rich old man be my father . he walk out on we when I be seven . he send I a check every month . that 's how he busy he way out of my life . the man I have know ... after they leave , I would say they be not real , I make they up . but you , Eddie . I want you to be real . he reach across and pull she to he , bury he face in she head . sarah I be so scared , Eddie ... I be scared . CUT to : ext . STREET - morning bert Gordon lean on the hood of a cab . his face drop when he see Eddie and Sarah walk toward he . Eddie care two suitcase and he leather cue case . he set the suitcase on the curb and the cab driver move to take they . courteously , bert open the door of the taxi for Eddie and Sarah . eddie Sarah Packard ... bert Gordon . bert miss Packard . how do you do ? Sarah eye bert distrustfully and start to get in the cab . dissolve to : int . train compartment - day Eddie , Sarah , and bert squeeze through the door of the train compartment . bert ( to a redcap , off luggage ) that brown one 's mine . it go in draw room a , huh ? thanks . the redcap exit , carry the luggage . eddie ( to redcap , off compartment door ) I get it , I get it . Eddie shut the door . bert and Sarah sit across from each other . bert you sure you go to be comfortable enough there , miss ... ah ... ? sarah ( loudly ) Packard . Sarah Packard . bert it always take I a little while to get a name fix in my mind . be you sure you do not want anything ? sarah no , I be fine . bert you , uh , you ever be to louisville during derby week , miss , ah , Packard ? sarah I have never be to louisville . bert lot of action . lot of money . ( to Eddie , seat beside he ) lot of class . you will see some of the best - dress and most beautiful woman in the world at the race . knock you eye out . dissolve to : int . train dine room - morning the kentucky - bound train roll down the track . bert and Eddie finish they breakfast coffee in the dining room . Sarah be in the washroom . bert James findley be a very rich man . grandfather leave he twenty per cent of a tobacco company . eddie what ? and he -- he hustle pool ? bert ( chuckle ) he 's a gentleman . gentleman gambler . he get he kick play with hustler . he 's get a old Southern mansion with a pool table in the basement , drink eight - year - old bourbon , smoke cork - tip cigarettes . eddie how good be he ? bert I do not know . never see he play . they say he 's one of the best . Sarah make she way down the aisle and join they at the table . sarah ( brightly ) I be ready . bert soon as I finish my coffee . she stand there , lip purse , absorb the insult . eddie ( to bert ) you must have a lot of confidence in I . bert I do not . but I get confidence in findley . eddie what 's that suppose to mean ? bert means I get confidence that he 's a loser . all the way a loser . you happen to be about only one- half loser -- the other half , winner . ( off he coffee ) I be finish . bert get up and reach in he pocket for he billfold . eddie here , I get it . bert no , no . when you play for I , I pick up all the tabs . Eddie and Sarah just stare at he . dissolve to : int . train club car - night they be at a table , sip drink . bert shuffles a deck of card as he talk . Eddie , like a schoolboy , listen intently . Sarah sit apart , watch they both . bert fat know the game be in the clutch , know he have to do something to stop ya . he play it smart . eddie I play that game , bert . in my head I play it a thousand time . bert play it again . learn something . ( laugh , to Sarah ) fat go in the john , see ? washed he face , clean he fingernails , make he mind a blank , comb he hair , come back all ready to go . ( to Eddie ) you be through . you see he , you see how he look . clean , all set to start all over again . hold tight and push hard . you know what you be do ? you be waitin ' to get beat . flattened out on you butt , swimmin ' around in glory . and whisky . probably decide how you could lose . sarah what make you know so much ? how do you know what Eddie be think ? bert I know . be there myself . we have all be there , have not we , miss Packard ? Eddie glance at Sarah who stare mutely at bert . bert ( take a cigarette ) get a match , Eddie ? Eddie reach across to light bert 's cigarette with the lighter Sarah give he . bert 's own lighter be on the table , before he . Sarah see it , pick it up , and spark it into flame . sarah do not you lighter work , Mr. Gordon ? bert ( smile politely ) oh , I forget all about it . ( to Eddie , who still hold the flame ) how 's the hand ? eddie Fine . bert good . I would hate to think I be put my money on a cripple . eddie ( angrily ) hey , whaddya say something like that for ? sarah it 's all right , Eddie . I be sure Mr. Gordon mean no offense . it be a figure of speech . bert that 's right , miss Packard . sarah and a fact be a fact . bert she 's a smart girl , Eddie . bert go back to shuffle he deck of card . dissolve to : int . louisville HOTEL lobby - night the lobby be thronge with gambler and they woman , sportsman , tourist , all there for the derby . a jazz combo can be hear over the din of they voice . Eddie , look excited , lead Sarah through the crowd . behind they be bert , he face now shade by dark glass , follow a bellhop to the main desk . bellhop right this way , Mr. Gordon . he force he way through some people to get to the desk . bellhop here you be , Mr. Gordon . concierge suite fifty -six . bert look , i- I wire ahead for two suite adjoin . concierge I do not recall . bert well , I do . I want two suite . concierge well , I be sorry , Mr. Gordon . we be fill up . this be derby week . bert display a neatly fold wad of money in he hand . bert look , son , you have get it all wrong . you must have get my wire . look through you reservation , huh ? concierge ( artfully accept cash bribe ) I will see what I can do ... you be right , Mr. Gordon . I mislaid you wire . uh , two adjoin suite ? Eddie laugh and move toward the open door lead to the billiard room . his face glow as he watch the flow of man move in and out of the crowded room , and hear the sound of click pool ball . he tuck he cue case under he arm and turn to bert and Sarah who join he . eddie ( to bert ) you know , that 's real sweet music in there . you can almost smell the action and the money . you know , I can feel it right down in the bottom of my shoe . bert ( laugh ) come on , let 's go ... before they can head to they room , a small , neatly groom man approach Eddie . billy Eddie ! eddie ( shaking he hand warmly ) hey , billy , how be ya ? billy fast Eddie . I do not know you be here . everybody 's here . it 's like a hustler 's convention . the whetstone kid , johnny jumbo. c'mon in . the guy will be glad to see you . c'mon . eddie ( to Sarah ) what room be you in ? sarah fifty-seven . eddie I will be up later . Sarah turn toward the elevator , with bert behind she , jiggling he key . dissolve to : int . HOTEL suite - night the bellboy unlock the door and Sarah enter . the door to the other suite be open . as she catch sight of bert arrange thing with the bellboy she close one door . the bellboy leave as she move to close the other . bert oh , wait a minute , miss Packard . sarah we be neighbor now . you can call I Sarah . he come to the door , hold it open . bert I want to talk to you . sarah do we need word ? bert yeah , I think we do . we could try to cut each other up . but that would be bad for everybody . bad for I , bad for you . and worst of all , be bad for Eddie . sarah you know what 's good for he ? bert to win . sarah for whom and for what ? bert for what make the world go round . for money , and for glory . sarah you do not answer my first question . for whom ? bert all right . today for I , tomorrow for himself . sarah no , there 's no tomorrow . not with you . you own all the tomorrow because you buy they today , and you buy cheap . bert ( nod ) well , nobody have to sell . he turn away . sarah you bastard . bert ( turn back to she , savagely ) listen , miss ladybird , you be here on a rain check and I know it . you be hang on by you nail . you let that glory whistle blow loud and clear for Eddie and you be a wreck on a railroad track . you be a horse that finish last . so do not make trouble , miss ladybird . live and let live . while you can . there be a long pause as he glare at she . bert I will make it up to you . sarah ( weakly ) how ? bert you tell I . he go back into he room . she close the door and lean against it . CUT to : ext . racetrack - day scream be hear as the horse jerk out of the start gate to begin they run . CUT to : int . racetrack bar - day Eddie cashes in a win ticket eddie ( to the cashier ) thanks . Eddie move through the ornate racetrack bar to join Sarah at a table . Sarah have be drink . eddie ( excited ) where 's bert ? sarah he go off someplace . eddie well , that old lovin ' horse pay twenty - two forty . ( count he money ) let 's see ... two hundred I win from the jockey last night . and today at the track ... I get five hundred and forty buck . ( fold it up ) here , you hold it . sarah ( take it ) why ? eddie just for luck . as she put the money in she purse , bert sit down . bert hey , findley 's here . eddie where ? bert over there by the bar . we see findley , study he program and hold a drink in he hand . he be tall and refine , with a pale , debauch , yet oddly youthful face that some man of forty or more sometimes have . a cork - tip cigarette dangle from he finger . eddie be not you gonna go over and talk to he ? bert Nah . sit tight . he will be over here . findley spot bert , take a long drag on he cigarette , and saunter toward they . bert ( to Sarah ) be you ready for another ? sarah thank you . bert point to Eddie . eddie no , no more for I . findley ( join they , speak in a soft Southern drawl , to bert ) well , hello . have not see you in a long time . bert well , hello . have not be here for a long time . ( make introduction ) ah , miss Packard , Eddie felson ... James ... bert snap he finger , pretend to forget findley 's name . findley findley . eddie glad to meet you . findley and I you . ( shake Eddie 's hand ) I think I have hear about you , Mr. felson . you play pocket billiards , do not you ? eddie ( play along ) now and then . why , do you ? findley a little , although I be afraid I generally lose . bert so do Eddie . eddie well , I win sometimes . findley ( smugly ) I will bet you do , Mr. felson . I will just bet you do . eddie how much ? findley bert , I believe Mr. felson 's make a proposition . bert could be . findley well , Mr. felson , maybe you could come out to my place some evening . we could play a few game of billiards . eddie when ? findley you be very direct , Mr. felson . eddie that 's right . when ? findley would you like to come out tonight ? eddie what time ? findley I be have some people over for drink right after the race . why do not you all come over ? then about nine , ten o'clock we can play . bert we will be there . findley good , good . he nod to they all , and leave . sarah if you do not mind I think I will stay at the hotel . eddie well , what 's the matter ? sarah ( she voice slur ) I be a little tired . bert c'mon , there will be a lot of laugh . findley 's party be famous . he invite everybody from top to bottom , from high society to every tout , hustler , and tramp in town . that 's another way he have of gettin ' he kick . it excite he to be around what he call the criminal type . some man be like that . ( beat ) some woman too . Sarah give bert a look . dissolve to : int . findley' party - night the camera tilt upward from a dixieland combo blaring out a bouncy tune to find Sarah , descend the stair , look on at the party below . holding the rail with one hand , and a champagne glass in the other , she maneuver she way down the step . she stop a waitress on the way upstairs and exchange she glass for a new one . we follow she unsteady , doll - like descent . she move slowly , dreamily past the combo ; past Eddie , who be cornere by a chic blonde in a low - cut dress ; past findley , alone with he drink , observe he guest ; past the bleary - eye couple on the dance floor , until she come to the bar . bert be there too , he head bob to the Dixie beat , he eye run over she body so plainly cover by a cotton print dress . spin away from he , she take she glass and go to a corner of the room . bert walk casually to she side . he lean over and whisper something in she ear . her face harden . angrily she turn and throw she champagne in he face and smashes she glass on the floor . then she start to cry and start to fall , but bert hold she up by the shoulder . the music stop . the dance couple strain to get a look at what have happen . Eddie shove through the gawk crowd . eddie what 's the matter ? what happen ? bert it 's all right . she have a little too much to drink , that 's all . forget it . ( to Sarah ) go upstairs and sleep it off . Eddie try to take she in he arm , but she beat on he chest , sobbing , unable to make word . eddie hey , c'mon . cut it out ! do what he say . come on upstairs . Eddie drag she limp , tremble body across the dance floor to the stair . bert watch they go , wiping the champagne off he coat lapel . the music start up again . dissolve to : int . a upstair coat room - time lapse a negro may sit patiently in the room , watch over Sarah and the coat that Sarah be lie on . a woman enter and , disgust , push Sarah off she fur coat . Eddie appear in the doorway . the woman take she coat and leave . Eddie look at Sarah for a moment , then turn and walk out . dissolve to : int . billiard room at findley be - night findley , drink and cork - tip cigarette in hand , escort bert and Eddie down the stair to he game room . it be a beautifully appoint salon , wood - panele , fill with plush divan and decorate with terra cotta Roman statuary . in the center of the room be the billiard table , now cover by a cloth . findley go to the bar . findley you gentleman care for a drink ? eddie ( step briskly into the room ) no , none for I . come on , let 's play . findley by all mean . Eddie eagerly pull back the cloth that cover the table . but it 's not a pool table -- it 's a billiard table . eddie I think we come here to play pool . findley I do not play pool , Mr. felson . I play billiards . my house , my game . you do not have to play if you do not want to . bert well , we will not . eddie c'mon , bert . let I play he . bert ( to findley ) how much ? findley oh , we will start small ... a hundred dollar a game . bert ( to Eddie ) you ever play billiards before ? eddie sure . bert you hustlin ' I ? findley I be sure Mr. felson know what he 's do . certainly you can afford a hundred dollar to find out . bert deal the card . Eddie finish uncover the table . bert take a seat . findley have a mischievous look on he face as he bring out a cloth bag and pour out the three billiard ball on the table . dissolve to : int . billiard game - time lapse Eddie shoot . his red ball ricochet off the shoulder and return to kiss the third ball . findley beautiful shot , felson . beautiful . you have play billiards before , Mr. felson . ah , you gentleman sure you do not care for a drink ? eddie oh no , nothing for I . findley step up to the bar , leave bert and Eddie alone . eddie ( to bert ) how do we stand ? bert ' Bout even . eddie when do I raise the bet ? bert I do not know . eddie bert , if that 's he best game , I can beat he . bert level with I , Eddie . you ever play billiards before ? eddie what 's the difference ? you get a pool cue , ball on the table . all you gotta do be get the feel of it . findley ( return with a fresh drink ) like to raise the stake , Mr. felson ? eddie ( to bert ) okay ? bert how much ? findley oh , about five hundred . bert ( to Eddie ) do you really think you can beat he ? findley of course he think he can beat I , bert . he would not be play I if he do not . right , felson ? bert I do not ask he can he beat you . I already know he can beat you . I ask he will he ? with Eddie , that 's two different thing . eddie I can beat he . bert all right . five hundred . findley point to a statue on a table behind the couch . it be a figure of Pan , with horn stick up through he curly head , and the leg of a goat extend down below he waist . findley have you notice , bert ? this fellow here bear a strike resemblance to you . it seem as though you might have model for the artist . bert ( nod ) it 's possible . dissolve to : int . billiard game - time lapse findley complete a shot , then lay he cue gently on the table and go to the bar . findley Mark that one up too , bert . Eddie , he coat off , rub he hand nervously . eddie I will beat he the next game . bert ( toy with he billfold ) how're the hand ? eddie they be fine . bert well , rack up you cue . we be leavin ' . findley that seem a shame . the night be young . bert the night be two thousand dollar old . eddie hey , bert . wait a minute ! bert I say we be leavin' . bert turn he back on Eddie and join findley at the bar . Eddie stand helplessly for a moment . findley pour a drink as Eddie approach . eddie I can beat he , bert . now he sucker I ' cause he know how to hustle . I do not think he do . but I can outplay he . I can beat he . bert I do not believe you , Eddie . I think you be still a loser . eddie all right , then . I will play he with my own money . he reach in he pocket , then remember that he give he money to Sarah . eddie I will be right back . he bound up the stair . CUT to : int . upstair coat room - night he burst into the room , go past Sarah , stretch out on the bed , and take the money out of she purse . she be face away from he but she eye be open . she listen to he as he shut the door loudly on he way out . CUT to : int . the billiard room - night Eddie leap down the stair , two at a time . eddie okay , c'mon . let 's play . bert eye Eddie with control rage as the two get ready to play again . dissolve to : int . billiard room - time lapse a game have just end as Sarah quietly descend the stair . she stand at the rail , listen . eddie ( o.s. ) there it be . I be break . findley ( o.s. ) ah , that 's unfortunate , Mr. felson . eddie ( o.s. ) for who , Mr. findley ? ... bert , he only beat I by one point . now , you can not get off I now . bert ( o.s. ) the bank be close . bert sit with he shoe up on the couch . eddie please do not get off I now . bert I know when to quit . you do not . win or lose , you do not know when to quit . eddie ( down on one knee ) what do you want I to do , huh ? what do you want I to do ? just say it and you get it but please do not get off I now . sarah ( from the stair ) do not beg he , Eddie . Eddie turn and see she . eddie go on back to the hotel . sarah please , Eddie , do not beg he . eddie would you go on back to the hotel ? take a cab , go on back to the hotel . sarah do not all of this come through to you , Eddie ? do not any of this mean anything to you ? that man , this place , the people . they wear mask , Eddie . and underneath the mask they be pervert , twisted , crippled . eddie shut up . his eye be shut tight ; he ball - up fist rub against he temple . sarah ( move to he ) do not wear a mask , Eddie . you do not have to . ( point to bert ) that 's Turk , Eddie , the man who break you thumb . only he 's not go to break you thumb . he will break you heart , you gut . and for the same reason -- ' cause he hate you , ' cause of what you be . ' Cause of what you have and he have not . eddie ( rise ) would you get off my back , Sarah ? once and for all , will you get out , will you get off my back ?! there be a long pause . bert go ahead and play he , Eddie . play he for a thousand dollar a game . a stunne Eddie move to the billiard table . defeat , Sarah turn and go up the stair . the man return to the table to continue they game . bert , deeply satisfied , put on he coat and sit to watch the action . dissolve to : int . findley' den - time lapse a shake findley flop into a leather swivel chair . a bucket of iced champagne sit on the desk , ready to be emptied . findley puff on he cigarette as he look at the impatient face of bert , slouching in the chair across from he . Eddie lean against a wall nearby . he be quiet , morose . findley will you take a check , bert ? bert ( pause ) Cash . findley how much do I owe you ? bert twelve thousand . findley reach nervously for the bottle , gulp at he drink . then he unlock he desk drawer and take out the money . Eddie look on as findley give the money to bert . findley here. ( to Eddie ) be a interestin ' evening . eddie yeah , sure have . findley ( to a valet ) Charles , will you call a cab for this gentleman , please . ( to Eddie ) I would show you to the door , but I ... eddie oh yeah , yeah . you be tired . ( to bert ) and beat . findley yeah . you must come again . eddie yeah . sure . Eddie move to leave . findley and bert watch he go . dissolve to : int . findley' foyer - night Eddie wait for bert to come down the stair . bert there 's you share . Three thousand . charle the cab 's wait . bert ( tip he ) oh , yeah . here . thanks ... c'mon , Eddie , let 's go . eddie I wanna walk . bert it 's a long walk . eddie I get time , bert . bert you want I to tell she for you ? eddie tell she what ? bert you gotta be hard , Eddie . Eddie abruptly turn and walk out of the house . bert watch he for a moment then follow . CUT to : int . bert HOTEL suite - late night bert enter he suite , remove he overcoat , then look at the door that divide he room from Sarah 's . he seem hesitant , unsure of himself . he pour himself a drink and downs it in one gulp , walk to the door , listen , and open it himself without knock . Sarah be there , seat primly on the bed . there be a drink in she hand , and a suitcase beside she on the bed . bert enter she suite and confront she . bert when be you leave ? Sarah 's voice be subdued , control . sarah in a little while . that 's what you want , be not it ? bert it 's what Eddie want . he , uh , tell I to give you some money . he stand over she , pull a wad of bill from he pocket . sarah put it on the bed . that 's the way it 's do , be not it ? bert ( toss it there ) that 's the way it 's do . sarah and the way you be look at I , be that the way you look at a man you have just beat ? as if you would just take he money , and now all you want be ... he pride ? bert all I want 's the money . sarah sure , sure , just the money , and the aristocratic pleasure of see he fall apart . you be a Roman , bert . you have to win they all . he pick she up and try to kiss she but she be cold and limp in he arm , so he let go and she drop back on the bed . then he turn and walk back into he room . she wait for a moment . then she take a cigarette out of a pack , get up , and go into he room . sarah ( at the door ) you get a drink ? dissolve to : int . bert HOTEL suite - time lapse in the bathroom mirror we see bert asleep on he bed . the sheet be rumple and toss about . then we see Sarah , in she slip , enter the bathroom and shut the door . she take out she lipstick and scrawl across the image of herself in the glass " pervert , twisted , crippled . " she underline the word " crippled . " dissolve to : int . HOTEL lobby - early morning Eddie be just get back . he walk through the lobby , ignore the uniform policeman stand nearby , and stop at the desk . eddie give I my key , please . room fifty - seven . the concierge stare dumbly . eddie well , c'mon , give I my key . the concierge hand it to he . Eddie walk quickly toward the elevator . dissolve to : int . HOTEL suite - time lapse he enter , see the money on Sarah 's bed , put down he cue case , and turn to see a crowd in the adjoin room . bert , lay in bed , talk to a plainclothesman who stand over he , take note . a photographer with a flash camera stand by the bathroom . plainclothesman now , let 's go over this again . you say you be in the other room ... bert no , she close the door . I tell you she close the door . I be in the other room . she close the door , go in there , maybe , I do not know , ten minute , five minute ... bert stop when he see Eddie through the open door . a uniform policeman bar Eddie 's entrance . bert ( to the policeman ) hey . let he come in , huh ? Eddie come in . he look at the detective around bert 's bed . bert Eddie ? the photographer 's bulb flash as he take a picture of the bathroom . Eddie push by the photographer , then stop as he see Sarah 's body laid out on the tile floor . he drop to he knee beside she . bert Eddie ? Eddie reach out to touch she , then pull back he hand . bert appear at the bathroom door behind he . bert Eddie ? she come in here , Eddie . she ask I for a drink . I give she one . we have a few more . eye close , he writhes as he listen to bert . bert Eddie , she come in here . suddenly he uncoil and lunge at bert , grasp he by the throat and push he back . a policeman untangle they , but Eddie break free . we hear bert scream as he squirm along the floor try to avoid Eddie 's fist . fade out : int . AMES pool hall - late afternoon fade in : Minnesota fat sit in he chair , engross in the afternoon paper . Big John be at a pool table , try out a few shot . bert , in dark glass , stand near the cashier 's cage , chuck dice into a leather shaker . the noise of the dice echoe in the slow , late afternoon gloom of Ames . when bert see Eddie push open the glass door , he draw himself up fearfully like a turtle , and motion with he eye to he man for protection . Eddie , he cue case tuck under he arm , walk straight toward he . he stop , stare at he for a moment , then turn and walk over to Minnesota fat . eddie I come to play pool , fat . fat ( after a glance at bert ) that 's good , Eddie . for how much ? eddie you name it . fat thousand dollar a game . eddie let 's make it three thousand dollar a game , fat . c'mon , three thousand dollar . that 's my bankroll , my life 's savings . ( beat ) what 's the matter , fat ? all you gotta do be beat I the first game and I be on my way back to oakland . fat let 's go . fat rise , ready to play . Eddie start to screw he cue together . eddie get on I , bert . I can not lose . he turn to join fat at the table . the ball be already rack and ready . fat Willie . Willie collect they stake money and prepare to toss the coin . preacher , Big John draw up they chair around the table . bert also take a seat , but far away , near the coat rack . willie call it . eddie head . Willie tap fat on the lapel . it 's he break . sausage send the cue ball down the table and the game begin at once . fat make a good break , leave the cue ball teeter over the far corner pocket . he look up at Eddie , and step back . Eddie look at the lineup of the ball . then he set down he cue and walk over to the washroom . he glance at bert as he sprinkle the powder on he hand . eddie how shall I play that one , bert ? play it safe ? that 's the way you always tell I to play it , safe , play the percentage . well , here we go ... fast and loose . he turn and snatch up he cue . eddie one ball , corner pocket . ( chalk he cue , line up he shot ) yeah , percentage player die break too , do not they , bert ? he ram a bank shot into the pack . the one ball roll in , while other scatter about the table . the crowd applaud . Eddie move swiftly to he next shot . as he play , he talk to bert . eddie how can I lose ? twelve ball . ( shot go in ) I mean , how can I lose ? because you be right , bert . I mean , it 's not enough that you just have talent . you gotta have character too . four ball . ( shot go in , a pause ) yeah and I sure get character now . I pick it up in a hotel room in louisville . bert and fat exchange glance . fat ( from he seat ) shoot pool , fast Eddie . eddie I be shootin ' pool , fat . when I miss you can shoot . Eddie return to he game and fat wait for he turn , puffing steadily on he cigarette . bert shift uneasily in he chair and we hear the pool ball knock together , then slowly roll down the track through the belly of the table . eddie five ball . ( shot go in ) ... fourteen ball . ( shot go in ) ... four ball . the shot go in . Eddie look significantly at fat who lower he eye and puff on he cigarette . dissolve to : int . the game - time lapse a voice that 's game . the ball be rack . Eddie sink shot right and leave -- some tricky , some not . bert and fat exchange uneasy look . Eddie circle the table like a hawk . then , fat be up ; he jacket be off , he tie be pull loose . he make a shot , chalk he cue . fat eight ball . it 's a hard shot and he miss . Eddie move to take he shot , ignore fat altogether . eddie thirteen ball . bert look on . but Eddie be shoot pool now , make all he shot quickly and accurately . a depressed fat watch he shoot . dissolve to : int . the game - time lapse the clock over the door read six o'clock . fat be still in he seat . he have a drink in he hand . fat I quit , Eddie . I can not beat you . Willie , give he the stake . ( rise , to bert ) you get yourself a pool player . eddie ( softly , as he count he money ) preacher , gimme my coat , will ya ? bert where do you think you be go ? Eddie slip into the jacket , help by preacher . bert Eddie ?... ( lose it ) you owe I money ! eddie ( calmly ) and just how do you figure that , bert ? what do you figure I owe you ? bert half . eddie in louisville it be seventy - five per cent . bert well , here it 's half . eddie what if I do not pay ya , bert ? bert ( chuckle ) you do not pay I ? you gonna get you thumb break . ( stand up and pace ) and you finger . and if I want they to , you right arm in three or four place . fat better pay he , Eddie . Eddie unscrew he cue , think it over . bert 's bodyguard stand around , wait for the word . eddie so you figure you be still my manager , huh ? bert I be a businessman , kid . eddie well , you get a lot of game line up for I ? bert yeah , we be gonna make a lotta money together , from now on . eddie fifty per cent ? bert no , it do not have to be fifty . it can be thirty ... twenty -five . eddie we really stick the knife in she , do not we , bert ? bert ( disgustedly ) aaaahhhh ! eddie Boy , we really give it to she good . bert if it do not happen in louisville , it would happen someplace else . if it do not happen now , it would happen six month from now . that 's the kinda dame she be . eddie and we twisted it , do not we , bert ? course , maybe that do not stick in you throat cause you spit it out just like you spit out everything else . but it stick in mine . I love she , bert . I trade she in on a pool game . but that would not mean anything to you . because who do you ever care about ? just win , win , you say , win , that 's the important thing . you do not know what winnin ' be , bert . you be a loser . ' Cause you be dead inside , and you can not live unless you make everything else dead around ya . fat listen , he head bow . eddie too high , bert . price be too high . because if I take it , she never live , she never die . and we both know that 's not true , bert , do not we , huh ? she live , she die . Boy , you better ... you tell you boy they better kill I , bert . they better go all the way with I . because if they just bust I up , I will put all that piece back together again , and so help I , so help I God , bert ... I be gonna come back here and I be gonna kill you . bert 's man start to move forward but he stop they with a gesture of he hand . he try to smile . a friendly smile . bert all right ... all right . Eddie put away he cue . bert only , uh , do not ever walk into a big - time pool hall again . Eddie just stare at bert , then look over at the downcast face of Minnesota fat . eddie fat man ... fat look up at Eddie . eddie ... you shoot a great game of pool . fat ( salute he with he glass of whisky ) so do you , fast Eddie . Eddie take he cue case and head for the door . he stop for a moment , look around at the row of empty table , and go out . then Ames return to normal . fat put on he coat ; Henry sweep up . and bert take he seat again on he throne overlook Ames , sip he glass of milk . fade out : the end