carrie ii written by rafael moreu 13 february 1998 " I wish that I could write you a melody so plain that would save you dear lady from go insane " Bob Dylan , tombstone blue black music up : slow , sad , ethereal . perhaps even eerie . fade in : on a sea of red , fill the frame . a crimson ocean without wave or ripple . a thick housepainter 's brush dip in , revealing its paint . the brush be extract , paint drip like congeal blood . follow the brush to reveal ... int . a house - night a white wall , where the brush be move horizontally , leave a thick continuous stripe , until the paint thin out . a woman' hand plunge the brush back into the paint can , then take up create the stripe again , painting the wall : until it reach &amp ; pleate drape -- -- and do not stop . a window and another drape receive the same treatment before the brush be re-dip . a puppy , a sad -ey basset hound , sit on the floor watch , a bit perplex . this be walter and even he know this be weird . the dog look over to ... a four -year-old girl stand next to he , also watch . this be rachel . Dark haire , in a plain dress . her large eye be welling on the verge of tear . the brush be drag across the wall , hit a wooden picture frame , move across a cheap oil painting of a pastoral , forest scene , and over the other edge of the frame . another angle take in the red line , five foot high , parallel to the floor , extend around a modest live room . Painting the line be barbara lang , in she thirty , yet wear , haggard - she have not sleep in a while . the precision of she work , she concentration , she focus , as the line run across a wall and into a corner , be more than a little frightening . rachel mommy barbara hear nothing , say nothing , just wipe a paint drip . this be a very careful line . rachel momma , come play with I . in my room . but she mother keep painting across a door . rachel right now , mommy , okay ? barbara look at she , or rather through she . and continue she task . rachel step forward , tug on she mom 's rachel I get a idea , we could -- -- and get , , splat , right - in the face with the brush the kitchen a toy ambulance sit on the floor . rachel 's tiny hand deliberately press a button on it . the toy respond with a wheep whe ep siren , then : ambulance voice ( canned ; tinny ) if you need help , dial nine one one . if you need help , dial nine one one . a wall -mounted phone rachel 's hand struggle to reach the button to dial 9 - 1 - 1 . barbara 's still painting the wall in the background . rachel ( o.s. ) hello ? it 's my mom . she 's do some ... some wrong thing . she 's do wrong thing , so , and , you should come . ext . the STREET - from above - night a light rain fall on a ambulance sit next to a police its dash red light cruiser with its door flung open . splash over the umbrella carry neighbor , in pajamas and robe , watch ... two e.m.s. worker drag a struggle barbara across a lawn , she hand in plastic restrain cuff . a wet rachel stand by a kneel police officer hold a poncho over she head . policeman Rachel ? Rachel , be you okay ? she keep stare off , watch she mother be stuff into the ambulance . rachel momma ! she start towards she , but the officer hold she back . policeman honey , she just have to go somewhere , to get some rest , so she will feel better . as the ambulance pull away , rachel catch a glimpse of she mother in the rear window , watch she . policeman be you dad around ? when 's he get home from work ? I do not have a dad . the policeman collect himself . policeman okay . then we be go to take you someplace nice , with a family , a really nice family , till we get all this sort out . ( quietly ) no . policmian we'll jus rachel she break free , race into . 4. int . the house - night where she run down the entrance hall . behind she , outside , as the policeman run toward the front door , it -- slam by itself , right in he face . follow rachel as she rush through the live room and down a hall . another door slam shut behind she . her room she spin , frighten by the door that close behind she . to she leave ... a window crash shut , startling she . then , like a wave move in a circle around she , another window bang down , a door slam shut , another window . scare , rachel back into a closet where she find walter huddle and cradle he in she arm . the closet door swing shut , sealing she off from the world . from above in the dark , rachel be in a fetal position on the floor , dry eye , in shock , curl around she puppy . there 's the far-off sound of pounding on a door . dissolve to : not . a darkened bedroom - dawn rachel , now 17 , be curl in bed around walter , also now a far more senior dog . she 's enmesh in tangle white small tattoos come into view -- a delicate angel with break wing on she ankle . a small egyptian ankh be etched on she shoulder blade . wrapped around she upper arm be a elegant thorn band encircle a heart , either protect or imprison it . there 's a knock on she bedroom door . woman ( o.s. ) Rachel . c et up . you be gonna be late again . she roll over , blink awake . she 's beautiful , with sensual lip frame by raven black hair . rachel joy . CUT to black . a super burn in : M. o N D a y fade into : a pan around rachel's room the usual teenage mess , clothes strewn everywhere . a poster of Jim morrison read : " no one here get out alive . " rachel stand before she dresser mirror , in a ratty bathrobe , put on a small nose stud . she don she daily armor -- -- slip on multiple earring . -- apply kohl around she eye . -- shrugge on a T-shirt with a photo of Sharon tate caption " Manson suck " . -- dishevel she long black hair . scoop up walter , she kiss he , take he to a open ground floor window . sorry , Walt . and gently lower he outside . ext . a house - morning it 's not the home rachel live in with barbara . this one be run down and in the section of town where people have car in they yard they have abandon tinkering with . the lawn be overgrown , there 's break glass on the street . int . kitchen - morning the cramme eat -in-kitchen of the wallace house . emilyn , 40' , be irone a waitress uniform on the counter . a groggy boyd , 40' , enter , he 's a trucker and look like one . he go straight for the refrigerator . boyd and he wife emilyn have take in rachel as a foster kid to augment they income . 6 . rachel be alone at a formica table , eat cereal . boyd look at he ..rife . boyd ( yawns ) work tonight ? emilyn graveyard shift , again . ( to rachel ) be the dog in the house last night ? he 's allow in the morning . boyd ( head in refrigerator ) daytime , yes ; nighttime , no . we have be over this ground . I only bring he in this morning . no juice ? emilyn we be out of a lot of thing . ( to rachel ) I hear dog noise last night . when I be try to sleep . ( louder ) walter be not in the house last night . boyd ( shoot Rachel a look ) you watch that voice in this house . while you be here , you will respect she as you mother , and treat she as such . rachel ( lower she eye , mumble ) sorry . she pick through she cold cereal in silence . emilyn you mom 's make progress be not she , on the new medicacion , the tricyclics ? 7. rachel yes , mar 'am . ( beat ) May I be excuse ? without wait for a reply , she stand and gather the bowl . ( casually , a routine ) and you should take that thing outta you nose . do not you have enough hole in you head ? as she turn away , rachel make a face , but reply . rachel yes , sir . ext . house - morning rachel stand outside , clad in a long dark overcoat , with a black backpack . walter sit next to she , behind a fence . a yellow school bus pull up . rachel later , Walt . on walter , bum . within the school bus a gaggle of young kide in fade denim and pastel . rachel move to the back , sit with lisa parker , who could be she young sister , also dress goth , black lace and metal . lisa have a heart -thorn tattoo around she arm , like rachel 's . lisa ( smile ) well , hullo . rachel she speak . she open she mouth and sound come out . the sound be word . lta give she a cheshire cat grin . lisa what 's wrong , fcscer - dad bein ' a pain again ? 8. rachel why be you so weiz.ly happy ? lisa of I look any different ? rachel do you look any ... ( getting it ) oh , my gawd . you do it . lisa yep . with who ? lisa you would never believe I if I tell you . I be bring he to lunch . rachel c'mon . ' 1 fess up . lisa all will be reveal in due time . rachel pull out a wear Anne Rice paperback from she ba give it to lisa . rachel you suck . lisa I love you too . simultaneously , they bite they thumb , then press they together ; a pantomime of blood sister . lisa / rachel best blood . / best blood . arnie , a skinny , pimply stoner , plop into the seat behind they , stick he head on they seatback , smile full brace . arnie hi there gruesome twosome , how ' bout a threesome ? lisa ( ignore he , to Rachel ) lunch . meet I in the parking lot . 9 . ext . bergen high school - morning a modern , windowless school , shroud in mist . it 's beautiful in a eerie " fall of the House of usher " way . E school entrance - morning hung over the concrete entrance be a large bedsheet banner with oversize red lettering : crush carlin friday ! the school mascot , a scrappy bulldog wear a crown tilt at a rakish angle , be also draw on the banner . fade in -- knot of student , like spectral figure . the two major school clique be ... on the front step . land of burnout , step -kid , metalheat 's skateboard junkiei-and other lose soul . a stoner kid kick he skateboard up and catch it . he buddy follow suit and miss , suffer the embarrassment of watch he board shoot down the step whose metal rail separate freak Hall and .. , the patio a courtyard with concrete table where the school 's royalty hold court . the cleancut " Patio people " be the jock , student government type and other who have no idea what it be to be alone on a Saturday night . at the patio be a pack of muscular jock in football letter jacket read " bulldog " , some sport cap mark " dawg : there 's jesse ryan , handsome , longish hair , a young Eddie vedor if Eddie ever play football . next to he be ... MARK bing , good look , with a body like a fist . behind they , array around a concrete table be the large , doltish brad , hearty rich boy chuck , and the arrogant eric . chuck look over a plain look girl on the Patio . chuck ( aside , low ) hey , Mark , the girl over there , how many if I do she ? 10 . six . brad ( miffed ) hold it . I do she last week , I only get five . MARK she be have a bad hairday . a group of patio girl sit at another table . among they be monica , a stun brunette , amy a cute redhead and tracy , a icy blonde who could spend all day check she makeup . jesse look over . tracy grace he with a smile and turn away . MARK lean in to jesse . MARK hey , jess . Tracy , she want you , man . jump she bone . I jesse yeah , whatever . chuck what 's the matter with you , she 's get a ass stamp " make in Heaven jesse I do not know , you ever have a conversation with she ? it 's like talk down a well . she only want I cause I be on the football team . MARK so what ? you want she to want you cause of you dazzle personality ? look , you want someone to talk to , you get we . h , you screw . the school bus rachel and lisa hop off and walk past the Patio . chuck watch lisa pass . chuck ( aside ) woof - coyote date . jesse that 's harsh , man , keep it down . 11 eric what 's a coyote date ? MARK when you wake up in the morning , and she 's sleep on you arm , and the only way to get up be to wake she . so you gnaw you arm off instead . brad snort a laugh . a goatee would english teacher nod to both camp as he pass . english teacher hello montague , hello capulet . a bell go off and the student start filing into school . lisa wave the tip of she finger to rachel , bye-bye . rachel look over , catch a glimpse of jesse , across the line of demarcation . for a piece of a second it seem as if he 's look back . she drop she head , walk away . int . english CLASS - day the english teacher stroll among the student 's desk . rachel be in social siberia , sit in the back . english teacher okay , then how many see the movie ? a show of hand , all the girl , some of the boy . english teacher now , how many read the play ? as assign a few tentative hand , include jesse . english teacher I thank you for you honesty , but I be sadden . I would like to think we be here to study William Shakespeare , not worship at the altar of Leo dicaprio . scatter laugh . english teacher I be go to calk about the language . but since you have not Z&amp ; &amp ; d the language , let 's talk about the plot . 12 . sigh of relief english teacher Romeo and juliet , a tale of two lover mean for each other , pull apart by they family , society , and , some might say , by fate . ( beat ) why be it that we be so move by love storey that end with separation ? the student ' 's face be blank . english teacher what be some other storey with this theme ? ( no response ) how about , Dr. Zhivago ? casablanca ? still blank . amy timidly raise she hand . amy you meair like in Dumb and when the girl 's husband show up ? the teacher surrender to the inevitable . english teacher okay , well . perhaps at some level we know that lauren Holly 's husband AIM to show up ? what say ? anyone ? ( beat ) Rachel ? I do not know that I believe in it . english teacher believe in what ? rachel Love . jesse look at she , pensive . english teacher ( sympathetic ) well , then you have get bigger problem than pass this crass . 13 . arnie ( raise he hand ) Love be fifteen second of squishing noise . unquote . johnny rotten . scatter laugh . jesse overhear tracy as she nod at rachel , whisper to amy ... tracy who would love she ? english teacher do you think that all love storey be tragedy ? I mean , unless they die at the same time , all lover be eventually separate by death . jesse well , then Romeo and juliet be not a tragedy , because the only way they could really be together be in death . english teacher very good . ( nod at Rachel ) a foul cynic , most cliche . ( turn to jesse ) a true romantic , how refresh . kid scoff at jesse , but rachel eye jesse , strike by this side of he . the bell ring and arnie lead the exodus . arnie food ! english teacher next assignment , brave New World , the book , not the tv movie . int , high school hallway - day a stone - face lisa fold a note , place it within she hallway locker , jamme to the brim with book ; a photo of Fiona Apple and a nine inch Nails sticker be plaster on its door . ext . ice school . the rear parking lot - lunchtime student pour out the door , some head to a row of outside locker . rachel appear , search for lisa . back to : 14 . the school hallway lisa walk as if move through extremely dense air , hugging the wall as student pass without acknowledge she . hack to : the parking lot rachel look around the student , see a girl 's head from behind , realize it be not lisa . back to : a stairwell lisa ascend several flight , still brush the wall , exite onto the ... school' roof she walk past a trio of student smoking near the roof 's edge . without slow or blink a eyelash lisa simply .. drop out of frame . a girl turn in the direction of lisa 's disappearance . smoking girl do you see that ? SHOCK CUT to : within a parked car lisa' face smashes into the windshield which crack in a spider web pattern . blood fill the web . the sound of a droplet hit car vinyl , then drop splatter red on we p.q.v. ext . the school parking lot - day stand in the lot be rachel . she stare in horror at -- lisa sprawle on the dent hood of a park car , she head a bloody mass nestle in the shattered windshield . -- and rachel open she mouth , but the scream bottle inside catch in she throat , which cause -- 15 . a row of outdoor locker to " ulq open , behind she , like domino , bang in a wave away from she , startling kide near they . int . school - day bang as a door mark " guidance counselor " swing open and .. sue snell whip around in she seat , late 30' , but with the eye of someone who 's be to hell and back . a young girl be seat before she for counseling . in she doorway be the school principal , chaos in the hall behind he . principal you would better come with I , a girl just kill herself in the lot . ext . school parking lot - day . more chaos . kide 'rush in to see , other move away . next to the car with lisa 's body be rachel . slowly , tentatively , without know what she 's do , rachel run she hand along the car 's hood , coating she thumb with blood . rachel ( to herself ) best blood . sue push she way through the crowd , see a stunne rachel , put a arm around she shoulder . sue corn . come with I . let 's back off . one step . good . let 's back away . pull back to see the widen circle of shock as the student of Bergen High realize what 's just occur . int . guidance office - day a snow dome with a forest scene . rachel be in a chair , she face a ashen mask , stare at the dome on the desk . sue offer a glass of water , rachel do not take it . sue lean on the desk 's edge . sue ( low , intimace ) be she a friend ? this be a place where you can calk about it . ( more ) 16 . sue ( conc 'd ) ( no response ) or not . but if you need to , I be always here . sue take rachel 's hand . rachel look up at she , eye welling . bur she do not cry . sue it 's okay . let it out . rachel ( shake she head ) I never cry . miss snell ? she be so happy this morning . I do not understand . why would she -- the intercom BOX squawk : woman ( v.0 . ) Ms. snell , would you please come to the principal 's office ? Ms. snell , please come to the principal 's office . - sue you stay here as long as you need to . rachel nod . sue move to the door and exit . leave rachel alone , look all of five year old . int . principal be office - day a medium -size office , stand room only . the principal address sue and he staff as he hand out sheet of paper . principal the board of education have give we this procedure to follow . I want every teacher to read this aloud in they classroom in ten minute . do not digress or become overly emotional or dramatic . his voice under ... ext . the school entrance - day a door bang open as rachel run out and down the step . principal ( v_o . ) then I will ask you to identify any student who may have be Lisa parker 's close friend and therefore may require additional counseling . 17 . principal be office - day he scan the face of he troops . principal no memorial . no assembly . we want a return to the normal life of the school . what do we not want ? ( pause ) copycat . everybody get it ? nod all around . princi pal then let 's go with the drill . a teacher read from the prepare statement to she class . teacher one of we student die today . -- a forest -- glimpsis of rachel run through the tree . -- sue at a microphone , read from a sheet of paper : sue we will observe , at exactly two p.m ... -- her voice emanate from a intercom BOX high on a classroom wall . student bow they head . sue ( v.o . ) .a moment of silence . ext . forest - day th rachel -- run , branch tear at she clothes . sue ( v.3 . ) Lisa parker may be go , but she will not be forget by she friend . int . classroom - day eric surreptitiously pass MARK something under a desk , a large pocket notebook . a girl pick she nose . a 3cy yawn . another boy absently fiddle with he crucifix as he read a comic book . 18 . a girl and a boy whisper to each other , then stifle a laugh . sue { v.0 . ) she will not be forget , by she fellow student , she teacher , and she school . ext . the forest - day rachel sit on rock in a clear , observe she own moment of silence . she look at she hand . it 's tremble and still cover with lisa 's blood . ext . ari{ham state mental hospital - day th a sign identify it as such . a fence - in complex of spooky victorian and Queen Anne building . ext . a bus - day chel sit , remove she nose stud and earring as the bus approach the hospital . int . hospital bathroom - day rachel be wash off she makeup , which run black into the institutional porcelain sink . she change into a white cotton shirt . int . state hospital , visiting area - day the dilapidate room be a statue garden of catatonics and depressive seat on vinyl furniture before a static- fill t.v. patient shuffle past like motorize corpse . barbara lang , now in she 40' , sit on a couch with a transformed rachel . barbara be lucid and beam at she . barbara yes , baby , I really be feel so much better . I feel so good on the inside , I must be glow on the outside . rachel you look great , mama . barbara Lord , you come all the way out here , we can not keep talk about I . how be you ? I wane to hear every little thing I be miss . 19 . rachel take a deep breath , work extra hard to seem happy and well adjust today . rachel thing be really great . last night I , um , I have this slumber party , with some girlfriend . and this morning , Mrs. wallace make we all pancake before school . barbara the wallace sure be a nice family . rachel ( she smile falter ) oh , they be . a nice family . barbara what 's wrong ? rachel nothing , I just ... I miss that crepe you use to make I . barbara oh , honey , that . crepe be not nothing but water down pancake . ( hold out she arm ) come here baby . she give she daughter a big hug . barbara now you listen to I , the doctor say I be do well . you know what that mean ? that mean someday , soon , you and I be gonna be eat crepe for breakfast , lunch and dinner . for the first time , rachel 's smile be genuine . rachel that would be so great . barbara ( hold she at arm 's length ) oh , I look at you , remember what you be like at five , at ten ... ( decide not to go down a sad path ) all I need be a little love Care for this grey hair and we will make up for all the time we have lose . ook at a wall clock ) ( more ) 20 . barbara ( cont ' d ) now you get go before you be late for work . rachel yes , mama . int . hospital hallway - day rachel stand before glass door , reinforce with chicken wire , wait to be buzze out . the nurse on the other side be on the phone . rachel turn and see graffiti read : klnq of hell she cock she head , note the capitalize letter reveal a hide message : sll . a smile teenage girl wear a nightgown with a large wet spot where she 's soile herself , without warnin she let . out a arcing ; , e. rachel wheel and pound on the door . rachel c'mon , c'mon . let I out ! the door buzze and she shove through . ext . the kennel - day a restaurant / bar decorate with the bulldog insignia on a football helmet . int . the kennel - day the rear end of a young woman in tight jeans walk away . MARK ( v.0 . ) backfield in motion . pull back to -- pub decor with football paraphernalia everywhere ; bulldog lamp and paw print paint on the floor . the bar 's pack with local businessmen . jesse , MARK and the other bulldogs be in a corner booth . a.middle -ag , bearded wailer with half he face bur - ss - arre approach . waiter boy , what can Z get you ? 21 . MARK hey , Al , we will have three 1 ï¿½.rge pepperoni pie and two pitcher of beer . waiter ( head off ) , Three large pizza and coke all around . B I can not wait to play carlin , man , I be onna bash Todd Simpson 's face in . chuck he score two touchdown on you last time , dude . B yeah , I wish hl would jump off a roof . tracy , monica and amy be at a table across the kennel . MARK yo , jes$ , I think Tracy 's follow you . he pull out the black notebook . eric eye it , get very nervous . MARK now then , accord to the scoreboard jess , you would have to bag every girl here to catch up . you need the point . I will give ya ten for Tracy . brad do she , jess . chuck ( a low chant ) do she , do she , do she . d the other join in . jesse all right , all right . eric lean over to MARK , urgently whisper , and the two of they move to ... 22 . another booth -- eric ( nervous , jumpy ) when Lisa ask I to lunch , she be actin ' like be on the road to marriage or something . I tell she to wake up , she be just a pump , a nut . MARK and she freak and take a header . eric and now I freakin . ' . the Notre Dame scout 's comin ' Friday and it this get out , I mean , sex and suicide ? Catholic school frown on that shit . MARK no one know ' bout you and she . eric Lisa take a picture of I with . she . MARK shit. okay . I will handle it . eric how ? MARK Eric , relax , its I , Mark . I will handle it . the waiter set a pitcher of soda and cup on the table . at the bar -- mr. stark , a rotund lawyer in he 40' , take a pitcher of beer from the bartender . bartenler I do not see nuthin' . stark stroll to the booth with the pitcher in hand . he sit , hide the pitcher below table level . stark hello , boy . eric hi , dad . stark wink , take MARK 's empty cup and fill it with beer below the table . stark great game last week . all of we on the town council be awful proud . he hand MARK the cup under the table and take jesse 's cup . the player smile at each other . stark so , the bulldog bring home the state championship again this year ? MARK absolutely . we be gonna crush carlin Friday and make it seven year in a'row . stark that 's what I like to hear . MARK ( offer a toast to jesse ) it 's good to be king . int . school hallway - day a crash of metal as the lock be cut off Lisa parker 's locker with a pair of boltcutter hold by sheriff kelton , 30 " 's , a former bulldog himself . the principal and sue stand nearby . open the locker , kelton find lisa 's note . as he pull it out , something fall from the note . sue what be it ? kelton ( read ) look like a suicide note . ( bend to retrieve ) .and a stub . Royal photo . ext . royal drive -thru photcmat - day rachel 's at she job , a island in the middle of a parking lot . she wear she walkman , listen to music . across the street be a 7 - 11 type store . int . minimart - day arnie , che sweet - nature stoner , mop the floor . he wave to rachel , who give he a half - heart wave back . 24 . int . royal photomat - day photo glide out of the develop machine . rachel pull the picture out , stop dead when she see they be shot of lisa ; with rachel , laugh . lisa with Rachel 's dog . rachel 's finger tenderly slide along lisa 's face . she 's shocked to find a picture of -- lisa and eric -- he arm drape around she in the backseat of a car . lisa 's hold the camera at arm 's length . jesse 's car pull up outside . MARK sit beside he . rachel ( startled ) oh ! she peel off she headphone . jesse sorry , do not scare you , do I ? rachel turn , slide lisa 's picture into a envelope . MARK check she out , like what . he see , nudge jesse . jesse you be ... Rachel , right ? she nod , surprised he know she 's alive , much less know she name . jesse I be jesse . rachel uh-huh . the true romantic . MARK lean over jesse , he voice low now , intimate . MARK so , Rachel , there be some picture Lisa take . they have , what you might call sentimental value . she just stare at he . MARK pull a twenty from he wallet . MARK twenty buck cover it ? rachel no . 25 . MARK what do you mean ? I will go thirty . rachel they be not you picture . MARK well it 's not like she 's gonna be pick they up , be it ? rachel turn away . jesse glare at MARK . jesse hey , cool . it . MARK ( try a different tack ) Rachel , why do not I come by when you get off and , you know , take you for a ride ? jesse cock a ear for she reply , but she do not answer . T MARK c'mon , I do not bite ... not unless you want I to . rachel I do not think so . MARK why not ? rachel ( turn ) Cause I be a dyke . jesse laugh . MARK do not . he know she 's put he on and bore hole into she . MARK let 's go , jess . the car pull away , MARK glance in the rearview mirror at rachel , frame like a target . MARK ( low to himself ) bitch . I will show you funny . on rachel -- watch they go . second later , a sheriff' cruiser pull up . 26 . kelton hi. he hold out Lisa 's photo stub . rachel take it , see the name , she eye widen . ext . a hill - night a star-filled sky hang above the town 's makeout spot , a hill overlook Bergen . MARK and chuck stand outside a car sip beer . jesse 's car , a blue g.t.â© , be several yard away , with foggy window . within jesse's car the backseat . jesse 's on top of tracy . he pull away from she . she pull she top down , sit up . jesse I be sorry , it 's not you . its I . tracy it 's okay . you should save you energy for the game anyway . jesse open the door , stand outside , tucking in he shirt . MARK and chuck make a crude humping gesture to jesse . he hesitates , then nod at they . MARK pull out the scoreboard and enter jesse 's name with tracy 's and the number 10 . MARK he shoot , he score . on tracy -- in the front seat , use the rearview to adjust she makeup , pleased with what she see . she glance at jesse as he re-enter on the driver 's side . tracy what be you think about ? jesse nobody . tracy I ask what , not who . jesse oh. nothing . ( pause ) ( more ) 27 . jesse ( cont 'd ) do not it bother you that a girl offed herself today ? tracy why ? she be not anybody . jesse what ? tracy I mean , I do not know she . ( smile ) you know , I still do not have a date to Mark 's party Friday . hint , hint . she lean over and nibble on jesse 's ear . he pull away , force a smile and turn the ignition . int . rachel's kitchen - night smash as a dish drop onto the floor . rachel be at the sink , do dish . she crouch to retrieve the break plate . we pan along the chorus line of dish , glass , and silverware on the counter as the metronome of the sink faucet 's drip , drip , drip and the micro-explosion of the soap bubbles in the water intensify to deafen level . tight on a spoon atop the counter which suddenly begin dance . pot and pan on a hang rack start rattling . a rumble as more dish and utensil vibrate and rattle , as if by a paranormal force . but as rachel casually straighten up and look out the window , it 's reveal it 's only ... ext . rachel ' S house - night boyd drive a large semi - truck pull alongside the tiny house . its engine shut off .. , the kitchen .and the spoon and dish stop vibrate . rachel ( singsong , to herself ) daddy 's home . she walk to she bedroom and close the door . 28 . ext . the house - night boyd go to shut the open fence and walter , the basset hound , scurries past he and into the street . boyd come back here , mutt . ( whistle loudly ) aw , good riddance . and he close the gate . int . rachel's bedroom - night rachel lay in bed , stare at the ceiling . boyd knock on she door . boyd ( 0.s. ) you dog get out . better get 'im . int . jesse's car - night jesse 's drive alone , wiping Tracy 's lipstick from he cheek . ext . the STREET - night 's in she overcoat over she longjohn . she look down the road and blanch as she see walter trot towards ... the road in front of he , a two - lane blacktop with car and truck stream by at high speed . rachel walter ! and she break into a run . walter look back , start run , this be all fun for he . there 's the low bleat of a truck's horn and then ... the high , pierce squeal of a wounded animal . in the road , walter , lay flat , keen in pain . she run to he and in one continuous motion scoops he into she arm . rachel , in the middle of the two lane . she turn as . __ headlight approach , fast . 29 . she stumble under the dog 's weight , try flagging down a car . rachel help I ! please ! it speed past , dangerously close . another set of light . rachel stop ! please , stop ! but the car pass , blaring its horn . she spin , around . be bear down on she . she hold she ground . rachel the car' windshield -- crack , craze , as if it hit with a sharp , fierce projectile . the car -- lay down rubber as it screech to a halt . jesse be at the wheel . see through the craze windshield : rachel , splatter with dog 's blood . he get out , stare at he ' windshield , shake - up , grop for some explanation . jesse damn . what ... damn . rachel stagger up to he , hold a shiver mass of fur . rachel please -- jesse oh , my god . . jesse's car - night jesse drive . rachel sit next to he , hugging the dog . rachel it 's my fault . he should have be in bed with I . jesse everything 's gonna be all right . his voice be not entirely convincing . 30 . through the spider windshield : the car 's headlight pierce the night . int . the vet' pet clinic - night a craftsman bungalow which serve as a vet 's hospital . the only light be over a female vet in she bathrobe , tend to walter on a shiny examine table . there be runnel on both side of the table , for the blood . rachel and jesse stand nearby . rachel his name 's walter . will he be all right ? the vet 's intensely focus on insert a i.v. into the dog . vet you two have best wait outside . jesse let 's go . best thing 's to let she do she work . jesse gently guide rachel away , who keep look back at she dog . the waiting room - night rachel and jesse on a couch in the darken room . she 's rock herself , cake with blood . he try to comfort she . jesse you dog 's gonna be okay . she nod , unconvince . jesse God , I almost roadkilled you . be you sure you be all right ? she nod . they hear a muffle , " pmt " , from the vet in the examine room . jesse try to take rachel 's mind off it . jesse that tattoo on you arm , its pretty . hurt a lot when you get it ? rachel some . 31 . jesse yeah ? rachel but it 's ... you know , like the song say , you hurt yourself to see if you can still feel . ( beat ) I be sorry . jesse for what ? rachel for make you -- jesse no problem . glad to help , you know . rachel and I be sorry about you windshield , about you car . jesse how bizarre be that , , huh ? anyway , be not you fault . rachel you can be sorry for thing that be not you fault . the vet enter , drying she hand . rachel sit up , brace herself for the bad news . jesse put a arm around she seat back , get ready to hold she . vet walter 's bang up pretty bad , lose quite a bit of blood , but he 's gonna make it . rachel can I see he ? vet come back tomorrow , any time after eight . ext . house of breakfast - night you typical i.h.o.p. jesse 's car be park in the lot . 32 . int . bathroom , house of breakfast - night rachel 's at the sink , wash the dog 's blood from she arm . a woman walk in , see she . look alarmed . int . house of breakfast - nigi4t as rachel move through the restaurant , three patron stare , stare , stare at the blood stain on she coat . she slide into a booth with jesse . he 's eat egg . jesse better . you do not look like a mass - murderer now . she smile , sip a coffee . a country song come on the jukebox . jesse wow , this music . guess we should just count ourselves lucky it be not hanson . rachel ( a weak smile ) Lisa hlud they . jesse she be a friend of yours ? she nod . jesse really sorry . rachel sometimes I would see someone , from behind , and I would know , I would just know , it be Lisa . and then she would turn ound , and it be not . but sometimes , you know , it be . and now ... ( pause ) whenever I see someone who look like she , and she turn around ... it will not be ... ever . they both go quiet , not know what to say . jesse ( look at he latch ) wow . it 's late . " have get football practice tomorrow . 3 rachel I know . I hope I do not ru ; . n jesse no , if it be not for you I would not have have this nutritious medl , rachel you be very polite , for a jock . jesse the compliment , they just keep on comin' . he drop some money on the table . rachel I do not have any -- jesse 's cool , I get it . can I give you a et home or something ? I can walk jesse yeah , right . rachel or hitchhike . jesse right . rachel ( smile ) or I could wait for my limo , jesse ( smile ) you could . you could just wait of that limo . int . jesse's car - night he engine . he pull up in front of rachel 's house and kill jesse wel rachel thank you . for everything . 34 . jesse I guess I will see you in school tomorrow ? rachel sure . jesse you will let I know how walter 's do ? rachel yeah . jesse good night . he extend he hand . she take it . 3i2 ! the SHOCK of static electricity . they word be simultaneous . rachel dry weather . jesse acrylic sweater . they both laugh . then go quiet . then just stare at each other . then the moment be go . rachel get out of the car , through the gate , back inside she house . jesse watch she go . start he engine , and he car wipe the frame to : ext . school parking lot - day rachel crossing the lot . her heartbeat can be hear . she look up , see lisa approach the roof 's edge . rachel 's heart sound like its burst from she chest . rachel Lisa do not ! somebody stop she ! stop ! slow motion -- lisa fall through the air towards the car , arm outstretch , hair trail like black flame . smash -- she go through the windshield , but the face be rachel 's. slam CUT to : 33. not . rachel's bedroom - night rachel 's eye pop open as she body jerk awake , heart , pound . she look around , realize where she be . fade to black : a super : T U E S D under which be hear : kelton ( v.o. ) " for a moment , I think someone be actually see I . but it be all a lie ... " int . guidance office - day sheriff kelton be read from a photocopy of Lisa 's sue and rachel sit - , in chair . kelton " Eric lie when he say I be special . and I guess I be lie to myself when I believe he . " he fold the note . sue Rachel , be there anything in there that strike a chord for you ? do you know what Lisa be refer to ? rachel ( after a moment ) yesterday morning , she tell I she would , uh , lose she virginity . kelton look at sue , produce the photo of lisa with eric . kelton you recognize this boy ? rachel sure. Eric Stark . he 's on the team . kelton gesture to sue and they step out into ... 36 . the hallway with another " heat carlin ! " banner in the background . kelton what do you think ? sue Robbie , I have a freshman cry in the hall last week . I could not get anything out of she , but she friend tell I a football player sleep with she , then dumped she . kelton nothing illegal about break a girl 's heart . sue Eric 's 18 . Lisa be 15 . that 's statutory rape . kelton that 's a stretch . sue then let 's make it . I do not know what 's go on around here , but if that 's what it take to stop it , let 's stop it , before someone else 's daughter kill herself . kelton all right . I will look into it . the office sue sit behind she desk , with rachel before she . sue how be you feel ? rachel okay . Fine . can I go no sue open a file on she desk . sue I be look at chic last night . it say here you mom 's in arkham . ( beat ) how 's you mom do ? 37 . rachel she 's gonna be fine . sue I spend some time up there . as a patient . rachel look surprised . sue do that surprise you ? rachel I guess . I mean , you seem pretty normal . sue thanks . i try . you visit you moat often ? sue be that scary for you ? rachel why ? sue well , child of schizophrenics sometimes live with the fear of it happen to they . at you age , it 's perfectly normal to be afraid of turn out like you parent . rachel normal , huh ? get real , I know I be ten time more likely to get it than most people . sue you be right . I be sorry . so. you have be in a series of foster home since you be , what , four ? rachel N sue how 's you foster family ? rachel they be happy , - 'z-rig as they get they check every month . 38 . sue what about you real father ? rachel never meet the gentleman . my mom will not even tell I he name . rachel stare at a ceramic mug of coffee , very close of the edge of the desk . sue Rachel , in a way , you have lose you mother . and now you have lose a friend . lose someone can be a very lonely , painful place to be . rachel ( quietly ) you be right , i.lost my mom , I lose my , friend , the people who care about I . but you only get pay to care . sue I really do care . how can I show you that I do ? rachel be silent , stare at the mug . sue Rachel ? but rachel 's shut off , push down a storm of emotion . sue you know , this room be a place where if you have feeling , you can talk about they . you can let they out . rachel shift . sue see rachel 's forearm near the coffee mug . and , as if by proximity alone , it edge off the end of the desk -- and fall -- rachel catch it in one smooth motion just before it hit . rachel sorry . I must have knock it . sue , the color drain from she face . sue I do not ... see you knock it . 39 . the door swing open and the principal walk in , lay a computer printout on she desk . principal Sue , could you update the absentee list , see who we have to call ? sue ( day ) ure ... sure . she turn , and rachel be go . not . school hallway - day eric be at he locker , wear he bulldog letter jacket . he close he locker to find rachel approach he , intimidate , but determine . she look he in the eye . rachel ( low ) know . I know what you do . a chill go through he . not say a word , he turn , walk through the crowd , look back . she 's still roote , stare he down . ext . freak hall - lunch arnie play hackey - sack behind rachel , who sit on the step . she look up , see a bulldog letter jacket stand over she . it 's jesse . jesse hi. how 's walter ? rachel ( cold ) good . I be pick he up today . why be not you hang out with you friend over there ? jesse ( taken aback ) what 's up ? what 's wrong ? she see the hurt look in he eye and soften . rachel what do you wane from I ? 40 . jesse I just want to , you know , see how you be do . over he shoulder she can see the stir he presence ac freak Hall be cause among ... the patio girl monica tap tracy on the shoulder , who 's check she makeup in a compact mirror . monica look at jesse , talk to a burnout . tracy turn , slip on a stylish pair of dkny glass . tracy she 's not very good in daylight be she ? wonder where she keep she coffin . back on : jesse so you will meet I tonight , at the pizza place -- rachel -- yeah . okay . jesse ( smile , as he back away ) okay . see you . tonight . arnie see the Patio Girls glance at rachel . she sit a arnie nudge she . arnie what would he want ? rachel he ask I out . arnie what would you say ? rachel I say , " okay , its you funeral . " arnie pardon I , but be hang out with jockboy such a hot idea ? I mean , ( more ) 41 . arnie ( cont 'd ) I hear he 's dating Tracy Campbell , who be give you the look of a thousand death right now . rachel casually turn to take in tracy , then turn away . her heart sink . rachel she 's beautiful . arnie duh . int . football locker room - day close on a tv set show game highlight of last year 's bulldog game against the carlin cougar . walsh ( o.s. ) all right , as you can see from last year 's tape , the carlin cougar be a tough , physical team . so Friday , it 's gonna be kill or be kill . coach walsh , a charmless John Wayne , stand near the tv . the bulldogs sit on bench before he . on the video -.- MARK miss a easy block . walsh point . walsh here , we can see mark sing kissing a oppose player good - bye . there be hoot of derision from the other player . MARK nod . eric lean into MARK , speak low . eric you do not get the picture ? MARK bitch would not give it to I . stay frosty , no one else know anything . it 's still at the photomat , I will get it . walsh ( o.s. ) you two lady back there gossipe ? no , sir . walsh ( o.s. ) excellent . then you can give I fifty when we hit the field . 42 . ext . football practice - day jesse and brad rest on a bench in they uniform as MARK a eric do push-up . the coach stand on a block sled with player pound into it . walsh c'mon girl , that be love tap ! ( see Chuck give a weak block ) Potter , show I you be a dog . chuck aww , coach . walsh you know the drill . the other player begin a barking chant . chuck strip off he helmet , jog to the bench and open a styrofoam cooler , within it be slab of raw steak on blood soak ice .. walsh show I you be a dog , Potter . the bark rise as the player psyche up chuck , who chew off a bite of the raw meat . jesse whisper to MARK ... jesse I hate this bullshit . MARK not I . I love it . MARK pop up , grab a steak , rip off a bite , and run full tilt at the , block tackle , smash into it with meaning . walsh you be a piece of work , Bing . MARK take a bow as he jog away , chew . he spot the sheriff 's cruiser pull -- p to the practice field . int . a bus - day rachel hug she dog , who ' look a mess ; hind leg bandage , a funny cone around he head . two old lady be stare at rachel , unsure if they be more appal by she appearance or the doge . walsh c ` 1.o . ) show I you be dzg ' . 43. ext . football practice - later walsh drill sergeant over MARK and the other player as they do drill . the cheerleader run they practice in the ' background . on the sideline , sheriff kelton be talk to eric , who 's sweat bullet as he fiddle with he helmet . MARK watch eric , so intent he bobble a ball throw to he . kelton so , you be say you never meet or talk to Lisa parker ? eric no , sir . never . kelton produce the photo of lisa and eric . N Eric , who 's this you be hang onto , a ghost ? eric blanch . MARK watch kelton lead eric away with walsh . kennel - day a pinball machine as MARK play , apply some body English to it . a wire eric enter , a bundle of violent energy . MARK what happen ? eric ( angry ) kelton , man , with that sheriff 's badge he pull out of a cereal box . somebody tell he I do Lisa . he nail I with a picture of I and she , start talk statutory rape . MARK relax , that 's bullshit . you dad 's a lawyer , he will kill that talk dead . eric so I be suspend . and coach , coach he up and do this scene where he say , " give I you helmet . " 44 . MARK what about carlin ? eric what about carlin ? game of the year , football scout be gonna be there and I be gonna be sittin ' on the bench with my thumb up my ... ( shove the machine in anger ) you say you be gonna get the picture . MARK I try . that Rachel bitch would not give them to I .. eric she 's the one who put I and Lisa together . shit. what be we gonna do , Mark ? ext . house - night brad and chuck be throw unfurl toilet paper roll onto the tree in front of someone 's middle - class house . brad who 's place be this , again ? chuck nimrod . it 's carlin 's quarterback . MARK and eric pull up in Mark 's mustang convertible . MARK ( whistle loudly ) hey , dog ! c'mon , we get a mission . brad and chuck run to MARK 's car , jump over and into the back as MARK peel out . be bathroom - night a hand wipe shower steam off a mirror , revealing a wet rachel , a towel wrap around she . rachel jy be go to be late . she hear she doorbell go off . 45 . the front door as rachel open the door . rachel what would you forget you -- there 's nobody there . ( weakly ) -- key ? she look around , close the door , lock it , wrap she towel tighter . live room as she cross back to she room . there 's a knocking on the kitchen back door . she frown , go to the back door , look through the glass . no one there either . now she 's worried . . ' rachel ( call through the door ) boyd ? emilyn ? she turn when the door handle on the front door jiggle once . she stop dead . spin as ... the back door handle start jiggling . she back into the live room and spin as -- something start tapping on one of the live room window . like a wave move around she , a window on the other side start tapping . rachel turn a full circle , scared , surround by tapping and jiggling , which grow increasingly loud respect she put she palm against she temple , as if struggle to keep something bottled inside : rachel oh , god , oh , god . not now . stop suddenly all go silent . she jump as ... the phone ring near she . she scoops up the cordless . beat . rachel hello ? 46 . there 's a long pause on the other end . male voice ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) what 's you favorite scary movie ? jump CUT to : ext . rachel be house - night MARK on a cell - phone . brad start laugh next to he as MARK cover the receiver , gesture to eric and chuck , who scurry around Rachel 's house . rachel ( v.o. ) who be this ? within the house see a shadow run past a window . MARK ( v.o. ) who be wig ? rachel knock it off . be this you , arnie ? MARK ( v.0 ) ding , ding , ding . wrgnq , guess again . rachel what do you want ? MARK ( v.0 . ) ( a menace pause ) you . the jiggling and the tapping start up again , loud . the boy voice be hear outside chant ... bulldogs Rachel ! Rachel ! Rachel ! MARK ( v.o. ) Rachel , come out and play now . rachel grab a knife from the kitchen , back into ... her bedroom where a bandage walter be on the bed , look alarmed . rachel keep back up , near she open closet door . rachel I be call the police . she hang up , dial 911 , fumble with the knife . UT to : int . pizza parlor - night a beer-and -slice emporium . jesse be at a payphone , hearing a bus y sianal on rachel be line . he hang up . int . rachel's bedroom - night a horror-movie-moment as rachel wait for 911 to pick -up . behind she , a hand be reach through the open sash window , pull it up to gain entrance . rachei . ( into phone ) I have a emergency . now , right now ! yes , 3366 elm Street ... she turn , see the hand at the window . rachel no ! the window smashes down on the intruder 's hand . there 's a muffle yell outside and the hand be extract . ext . the house - night headlights light up MARK 's face as boyd and emilyn 's beat - up station wagon approach the house . MARK whistle loudly . and take off , join by eric , clutching he injure hand . â€¢ SE - night rachel , still stunne by what just happen . the cordless in she hand speak : 911 operator ( v.o . ) hello ? hello , : ma'am , you still there ? rachel slowly move to tier bedroom doorway . boyd come in the front door . 48 . rachel ( into phone ) yes . it 's okay . thing be fine . she hang up as a clueless boyd take in she freak - out appearance . boyd what 's wrong ? rachel nothing . she retreat into she bedroom , look at the window . the phone ring in she hand . she answer . MARK ( v.0 . ) do not go tellin ' storey about my Eric . click and the line go dead . she hang up . the phone ring again . she do not answer . the live room the phone ring on another extension . emi , swer . emilyn hello ... just a second . Rachel ? rachel curl on she bed with walter , call out : rachel I be not here . int . pizza king - night jesse at the payphone , sip a Royal Crown cola . jesse okay . thank you , then . he hang up . check he watch . wait . fade to black : super : weid nelina_y jump to : 49 . ext . school entrance - day a scream devil fill the frame . the bed of a speed pick - up truck be jamme with kneel teenage boy wear child 's Halloween mask . they be scream bloody murder as they fire RAW egg at ... the bergen student gather at the entrance . the pick - up speed off as student recover , straighten up from they ducking position . MARK and he cohort go run after the truck . tracy carlin creep ! at freak Hall , arnie rise , wipe egg yolk from he hair . arnie ( slowly ) hormonally - charge mo , , , ï¿½r ' tucn . why do the innocent always get hit in a drive - by ? rachel look up , see jesse approach . her eye flare . jesse hey , what happen to you last night ? I wait . rachel you tell I what happen last night . jesse what ? on rachel and jesse as she tell he what happen last night . he get more and more agitate . tracy be wear she glass as she and monica watch jesse from the Patio . tracy what be wrong with this movie : do he see in she ? monica come on trace , you be caviar , she 's cheeze whiz . he will come around . he 's just let little jesse do the think for big jesse . back to -- a piss - off jesse . 5 jesse okay , do not worry , I will talk to Mark , I will take care of it rachel ( frustrate ) no , do not ... maybe all this be not such a good idea . jesse all what ? rachel I mean , guy like you be suppose to date girl like Tracy . jesse I be pick you up tonight . we be gonna have a nice , mellow date . rachel stand , silent , tear . the bell ring , everybody start filing in .. she move , he smile , block she way . jesse I be not go anywhere till you say yes . rachel ( look away , look back , smile ) all right . okay . ( he do not move a muscle ) yes . jesse let she pass , with a chivalrous after - you sweep of he hand , then fall in next to she . rachel be arm be grab by ... S May I speak with you a second ? int . guidance office - day rachel crossing and uncross she leg , it 's the last place she want to be . she idly play with the forest snow dome . sue do not look so comfortable herself . she 's hold a stack of index card . rachel what be that , tonight 's top - ten list ? 5 sue this be just a exercise that will let I know how to help you better . rachel you be waste you time . sue just answer true or false to this statement . ( read the top card ) " there 's a man inside the television set who tell I what to do . " rachel false . I do not see the point - sue " sometimes my thought assume the form of a giant insect . " rachel this dd not make any sense . sue answer true or false and this will not take all day . again : " sometimes my thought -- rachel false . she set down the snow dome . sue " if you want to play the piano well , you have to practice . " rachel true . sue " I can see sound and hear color . " rachel false . sue " large furry animal crawl on my face every night while I sleep . " rachel true . 52 . sue look up , surprised . rachel I have a dog . sue nod , watch rachel closely as she take she time with this one , not read off a card . sue sometimes I can move thing with my thought . beat . rachel stare at she , a million thought racing . another beat . the only sound be the clock tick on sue 's desk . rachel grab she backpack and stand . rachel fuck this -- sue honey , sit down . I just want to hel you -- rachel -- and fuck you . you be not my mother ! rachel turn to go . sue jump up , grab she arm , and ... the S on the desk exp des , splattering water and white fleck all over the desktop . rachel look at it . sue stare at it , she worse fear come true . as racbzl fly out the door . ebt . football practice - cay walsh see jesse get tackle , then help up the teammate who tackle he . walsh what be that ? ' hat be you , miss manners ? show I you be a dog , Ryan . jesse look at the styrofoam cooler on the bench . a few of the nearby player begin they bark chant . 53. jesse can not , coach . walsh say what ? the bark trail off . the other boy be stunne . brad oh , shit . jesse well , I be not a dog today , coach , I be a vegetarian . walsh since when ? do not give I that . show I you be a dog , Ryan . jesse sorry , coach . no can do . Â€¢ walsh you attitude suck . hit the shower . get outta my sight . jesse doff he helmet , jog to the bench . he douse he head with water , sit there , look angry . int . locker room - player goof around , snap towel at each other . clank steel and grunt from the boy at the weight machine . locker room shower the mist in a shower , through which be glimpsis of a lean male figure with rippling stomach muscle . it 's jesse . MARK and brad enter the shower . brad ( to jesse ) yo , lover boy , whatsa matter ? do not ya nut that tattoo chick yet ? MARK Brad , how many point he gonna get for straighten a dyke ? brad twenty , no , thirty . they fingertip high - five each other . 54 . brad jess , you score the skank yet ? jesse just glare at he , walk away . MARK what 's with he ? brad must be that time of the month . the locker room jesse finish dress between the locker . MARK , wear a towel , approach he . MARK jess , what 's the matter ? jesse you . what 's with the stunt you pull last night ? MARK what ? paper mccabe 's house ? I ask you if you -- jesse what you do at Rachel 's . MARK what ? we be just sendin ' she a message . jesse slam he locker close . jesse tell I , I will pass it on . MARK look , man . she 's get Eric in all kind a shit . I mean , if he get charge with rape , there go any chance of -- jesse screw Eric , he 's a big boy . he make he own decision , he 's gotta live with them . and stay away from Rachel , or deal with I . 55 . MARK what be you get bent for ? she 's just a burnout , a slut -- bang as jesse shove MARK against a locker . MARK shove he back . the rest of the player in the background go quiet . jesse ( low , intense ) do not call she a skank , do not call she a slut . MARK what 's wrong with you ? jesse we screw with girl , use they , because it make we feel like big men-- MARK get to the bad part . ' - jesse I be tired . I be tired of all of it . MARK what be you talk about ? we be friend , we be all friend . jesse no . we just grow up together . and he walk away . on MARK . piss . he see jesse leave he letter jacket behind , hang on the locker . int . arkham state mental hospital - day close on graffiti read : king of hell rachel be look at it , while she wait to be buzze in . the cap letter read : kill . the visiting area where rachel sit with barbara , hold she hand . there be occasional moan and shout from other patient . B baby ? Rachel ? what 's wrong ? 56 . rachel mama , what be it like ? when you start to ... when thing go bad . what do it feel like , what do you see ? B h , honey , why do you want to -- rachel do you see thing move by themselves ? please , mama . I have to know . barbara ( think , then ) well , first , I think I see the devil in you eye . then I start to see people 's face look ... deform , like they would have plastic surgery , or the bone be move under they skin . ( laugh ) for a while , I think I have this bi snake wrap around my neck , and I could not 'talk , or it would try to go down my mouth . sit , think . barbara look at she in confusion for a long beat . barbara there be something different about you . baby , be you all right ? yeah . yes . everything 's fine . everything 's gonna be all right . hospital hallway a buzz and as rachel leave , she smile at . sit on the couch . barbara shift slightly , look at a chrome chair across from she . her distorted reflection a large snake be coiled around she neck . she close she eye . open they . and the snake be go . 57 . there 's the high , mechanical wssshh sound of film slide through a gate on the -- CUT to : int . public library - day a microfilm machine as image stream past its screen . ' Black and white , abstract , poignant , fleeting , with newspaper text , scratch and magnify piece of dust . sue ( v.o. ) July . June . may. her face be illuminate from below by the view screen . and now : she stop on a newspaper front page : chamberlain recorder . May ,-1976 . with a photo of C ' rik W iite at age seventeen . the headline identify she as the girl think responsible for the arson at Chamberlain High School which kill 73 people . the text below the photo state that ga1nh White be the , father of carrie White . on sue -- stare . totally absorb . a hand grab she forearm . sue jerk . look up . library matron the library be close . ext . hall of record - day sue snell walk up the step of a nondescript municipal building . int . hall of record - day sue snell at the file . she pull up : a aging photocopy , white :, n black of 59 . Rachel Ann lang 's bi certificate . she scan the certificate find : mother : Barbara Elizabeth lang . father : wn S ( under she breath ) unkno ext . arkhaii state mental hospital - day sue' red volvo sit before the entrance to the hospital . sue look at her eye in the rearview mirror , take a deep breathe to summon she courage . sue ( whisper ) you can do this . she get out of she car , hold a box of chocolate . int . hospital corridor - day sue stride up to the reinforce door . the sudden buzz of the lock seem to cut through she . she hesitates , then push in to ... the visiting area .and approach the nurse station . sue I be here to see Barbara lang . nurse stay here , I will get she . sue look around . this place hold a lot of bad memory . doctor nelson , so 's , a overworked - underpaid psychiatrist approach with a smile male patient . doctor suzy ? suzy snell ? sue hello , Doctor Nelson . 59 . doctor suzy snell , one of my rare success storey . what bring you back ? sue I be visit the mother of one of my student . doctor I hear about the good work you be do at the high school . the patient turn and softly start thudding he forehead against the wall . the doctor casually pull he away before he can harm himself . R Excuse I , Sue . ( towing the patient ) come see I after . I would like to hear how you be do . int . the visiting 'area - day sue sit before barbara , who 's pick she way though the chocolate . the moan of patient seem to rattle S barbara thank you for the chocolate . thoughtful of you . S at ) Mrs. lang , why do not you ever tell Rachel who she father be ? barbar . be not important . why be it important for she not to know ? barbara why would she need to ? hrs. lang , I need to know who he be . barbara sorry , that 's private . 60 . sue Mrs. lang , it 's important that I know he name . barbara I really do not see how that 's any of you business . sue I promise you , I will keep the information in the strictest confidence . barbara just look at she , chew . sue I be just try to help Rachel . she seem very troubled and I be worried about she . barbara ( laugh ) you be worried ? very worried sue I be . yes . barbara you do not have child , do you , miss ? sue no . no I do not . barbara laugh . almost hysterically . sue 's throw . barbara regains herself , then , with tremendous conviction ... barbara then you do not kzgx . you will never ever know , how terrifying child can be . sue , frustrated , it 's like punch water with this will sue Rachel need my help . she ... ( desperately groping ) she have a ... a disease , a genetic disorder I think she father pass on to she . I need to know so I can help she . who be she father , Mrs. lang ? es sue , then go quiet , lose in she memory . 61 . barbara ( smile ) I do tell Rachel how I meet he . he say it be love at first sight . I be he waitress . I insisted he try the cherry pie , ' cause I would baked it myself . he say , with every bite of that pie , he could see we future together . by the time he get to the crust , he could see what I would look like , all old and saggy ... and he still love I . ( she smile fade , then ) he leave I after Rachel be bear . I never tell she because , people around here be not too fond of carrie White , for what she do . I do not want she have to grow up with that . his name be Ralph . Ralph White . suego cold . sue so they be half -sister . ext . miniature golf course - night a castle , a windmill , and yard of wear astroturf . one of that place you go for fun if you be young and the city 's too far away . montage -- of rachel and jesse on they date , play , laugh . -- jesse take a swing , muff a shot , toss he club . -- a tricky par- four hole , feature a dogleg and a slope to the cup . rachel hit the ball . and it roll a hole - in-one . -- she leap in the air with joy . behind she , jesse feign drop dead . ext . monarch motor - night a sign read : monarch motor , below it be a row of used car for sale , hood open , like circus animal begging for peanut . jesse ( v.o. ) that 's my dad 's dealership . y all that will be mine . 62 . ext . within jesse's car - night jesse drive . rachel have she hand on the big hurst stickshift between the two bucket seat . he accelerate and rachel expertly shift the gear . jesse you be good . I be impressed . rachel my foster - dad teach I on he semi truck . where we go ? ext . the hill - night the twinkle light of Bergen below . star above . rach and jesse lay on the hood of he car , lean against the windshield . jesse before he sell car , my dad want to write this book : one hundre Senators pick they favorite restaurant . ' so , he write , to all of they . rachel all of they ? jesse dear Senator so-and -so , I be write a book . rachel anybody answer ? jesse yes. no. sort of . she laugh . jesse he get two letter back . one be a form letter which say , ' thank you for you support . ' rachel and the other ? jesse the other be from hubert humphrey . rachel who ? 63. jesse he be the vice - President once . he write back a three page letter , rave about a place call wally 's Burger Hut . my dad be knock - out . rachel so you dad write a book , color I impressed . jesse he never write it . or he be go to , and then my sister be bear , and then I be bear . and there be this car dealership , and it be security . so you dad want to be a writer . how would he kid end up be this sweaty armpit jock ? jesse ( beat ) sometimes when they throw I the ball , it feel like time just slow down . and I know where to be and how to get there . when I have that feel I catch it . always . every time . rachel and you like that . jesse yeah , I love it . except . my dad . he 's get my life all mapped out . he want I to take over the business . rachel what 's wrong with that ? sound like a nice life . jesse selling use car be not what I want . and , unless I nail that football scholarship , ' that 's what I will get . ( exhales ) wow . I can not believe I be tell you all this . I have never say any of this out loud to anyone before . ( take a long look at she ) must be great not have to be like anyone else . 64 . rachel it 's not so great . sometimes I wish I could just be one of the shiny , happy people . do that surprise you ? jesse everything about you surprise I . there 's the soft pop of rain hit the car as it begin to drizzle , then it come down hard . within the car rachel and jesse be in front , face each other , lean against the door as rain stream against the window . rachel ( sit forward ) I use to know this guy , could suck a strand of spaghetti through he mouth and out he nose . he call it Brain floss . jesse smile . rachel he have a talent . you . you get football . it will get you outta this place . you can make you own path after that . write you own book . jesse yeah ? want to come with I ? she smile . he lean forward . and she pull away - , afraid , then decide to let he . they kiss . then she pull away . jesse what ? hel this ... she indicate the gear shift . hel be poke I right in the rib . je55e 's eye flicker to the back seat . rachel um , I do not know how to say this . 65 . jesse yeah ? rachel but I have never ... jesse oh. rachel and , I would want it to be special . like you ring the doorbell , with flower in you hand . jesse right . so ... what 's you favorite flower ? rachel ( smile ) daisy . ext . rachel be house - night in he car . the street 's wet , but it 's stop raining . rachel give he a quick kiss goodnight . rachel see you -- jesse -- later . she pull away , exit , close the door for the -- CUT to : int . rachel's bedroom - night rase sleep fitfully , tangle in she sheet . dissolve to : ext . the wood - night a massive gothic bed sit incongruously in a clear . rachel and jesse be make love . she 's on top , she hand on he chest . they glisten body catch the light of a ring of flame burst around the bed . 66 . rachel's hand suddenly sink into the flesh of jesse 's chest . she scream as she try to extract they , . but strip of he flesh stick to she like flypaper . rachel twist violently as she torso meld into he . they body fuse , a grotesque apparition with four leg and two head . her mouth press into he as they face merge . the ring of fire leap inward , consume the bed . fade to white : super in black : T h U R S D a y fade in : ext . freak hall - morning rachel sit , lose in think . jesse near . she stand up . jesse so , you be come to the game , right ? rachel I do not really get football . jesse c'mon . I need you , for good luck . rachel all right . I will be there . jesse good . I have practice today , but I can pick you up later , seven thirty ? rachel sure , go practice . go be great . live the life you want . jesse what kind of life do you want ? 67 . rachel ( playful ) I do not know . I have a hard time picture it . jesse well if you can not , I will do it for you . rachel what do you mean ? jesse I will predict you future . rachel uh-huh . can I get a hint ? jesse be in it . on the patio -- be tracy , MARK and monica , watch the . tracy if he 's gonna do it , you know , be see talk in public with someone else , he should show some respect . ( a slow boil ) he should show I the respect , at least , to be see with someone pretty . someone cool . someone who count . Amy or you , you know , eat . instead , it 's its . and I feel ... monica disrespect ? tracy that 's right . I wish there be something I could do to make he come to he sense . on MARK 's face , a slow , insidious grin that seem to spread into eternity appear . tracy what ? MARK let 's nail the bitch . plan a way to screw she like she 's screwing we . . tracy , a wick smile as she nod . 68 . int . classroom - day rachel watch sue at the door , speak to she teacher . sue point to rachel , who look less than thrilled . ext . parking lot - day a dark smudge be spread on the empty parking space where lisa die . no one park there anymore . sue be escort rachel to she volvo . rachel ( v.0 . ) where be you take I ? sue ( v.0 . ) there 's something you have to see . ext . the wood - day a dream -like glide past sue 's volvo , park on the roadside , and through the tree . sue ( v.0 . ) this use to be the school for the whole district . Chamberlain High . it be close down in 1976 . fast dissolve to : ext . the old gym - day a burn - out hulk , shroud in mist . sue ( v.0 . ) there be a fire here that year . the night of the prom . seventy - three people die . a few of we survive . int . the destroyed gym - day Dark ; full of expose wire , metal rod and pipe , countless empty beer can . two mattress be laid out amid the debris . sue stand on a pile of rubble , next to rachel . there 's a haunt look on sue 's face . flash to : 69 . gym - prom night , 1976 ( stock ) strobing image of carrie white , drench in pig 's blood . sound of horrible scream . flashes of . kide stampede . Burning . dying . a fire rage behind carrie as she step off a platform , turn and look at we with the face of a avenge angel . back to . the destroyed gym , present day , as sue flinch . sue I have not really be here in over twenty year . but it feel like I have be back here every day since . rachel happy homecome . can we go ? this place be spooky . give I the creep . sue do you know what happen here ? rachel you just say . a fire . sue what cause it ? rachel they think a boiler blow up , okay ? be I gonna be grade on this ? sue come on , you have hear of carrie White . rachel ( kick a can ) everybody have . sue and ? rachel ( sigh ) supposedly , she set the fire , as part ( more ) ! 0. rachel ( cont 'd ) of a revenge- suicide thing . elvis be she date and they escape in a u.f.o . I know what happen to that snow dome , on my desk . rachel ( beat ) it fall . sue we both see it . rachel look at she , be not go to talk about this . sue I know everything there be to know about carrie White . she do this . it begin with what you do , with the snow dome . then it get out of control . rachel ( turn ) I be cold . let 's go . sue it 's a genetic recessive trait . the male be the carrier , when he combine with the right female , the trait surface in they offspring , usually in woman . like King 's Disease , hemophilia . rachel what be you say I have ? sue its a trait , Rachel , you inherite . telekinesis . rachel with all respect , lady , you be seriously bat-shit . I be walk , back to the real world . sue 's voice be low , quiet . sue you mother tell I you father be Ralph White . carrie 's father . it stop rachel in she track . 71 . rachel I do not believe you . she never tell I , why would she tell you ? sue you need help -- like what ? like they help you ? sue yes . no. rachel so then it 's arkham for I ? sue no . I can help you , get it under control . rachel you want to know what I be feel today ? ` happy . happier than I have ever be . so I do not want or need you help . rachel run off . sue follow , trip on the rubble , fall . sue Rachel ! int . football locker room - day jesse stand at he locker , dress . MARK approach . MARK hey . ( no response from jesse ) just want to say two thing . I be sorry . maybe I overreact . jesse do not play with I . MARK I be not . we have be friend since we could both pee stand up . and I think we would be best friend forever . ( beat ) never think some girl could come between that . look , I know I be scum . I be lower than scum , I be smegma , I be butt lint . 72 . jesse ( smile in spite of himself ) keep go . MARK I be sorry . jesse I be not the one you should be apologize to . MARK you be right . I will come up with a way to make it up , to b of you . ( smile , full charm ) tryin ' , brother , I be tryin' . int . district attorney office - dusk Light stream in through the slatted blind . the young d.a. be at he desk . mr. stark , Eric 's attorney father , sit across from he with eric . sheriff kelton and coach walsh : also sit in chair 's . stark you be not really think of press charge against my son . d.a. we be do more than just think . walsh I need the boy for the game . stark Robbie , we have know each other a long time , since you be a bulldog . kelton save it , Lou . Sue snell tell I there be other girl -- walsh that kind of girl know what they be get in to . Eric 's a good kid , he may be guilty of some youthful transgression -- kelton youthful transgression ? a girl kill herself . 73 the door open and the town 's mayor walk in , grey-haire , distinguished , with a air of authority . d.a. ( nods ) Mr. Mayor . mayor sit , everybody , sit , be just listen in . he lean against the desk , arm fold .. stark ( beat ) okay . card on the table . my boy be not go down alone then . d.a. go on . stark he have not do anything other boy on the team have not do . Eric can even get proof of it . Mark Bing , jesse Ryan , Chuck Potter , Brad winter . ( pause ) now , there will be college scout at the game Friday . Eric take a fall , I will make sure they all do . you want to be responsible for tarnish all this boy life ? mayor well . I think that about sum it up . he look at the d.a. , as if to give he he cue . d.a. Robbie , I just do not think I have enough evidence to ruin this boy 's reputation . kelton but -- d.a. that 's it , Robbie . that 's all . mayor Lou , thank you for come in . I will walk you out . 74 . they all stand and shake hand . kelton sit ; seethe as he realize the fix be in before ever enter this room . he he look across at eric , sit , a smug look on he face . ext . school parking lot - day MARK intercept jesse as he near he car . MARK hey , man , I get it . this girl , this Rachel , be special to you , huh ? jesse yeah . MARK extract a key ring from he jacket , pull a key off . MARK the cabin . my folk be not there . get away from all of we idiot . go have a romantic time . jesse look at he . MARK toss the key , jesse catch it . MARK smile . MARK and bring she to my party . I will show you we can be one big , happy family . ext . STREET / tracy's BMW - day tracy drive with monica as they follow a walk rachel . rachel cross the street . monica finally , she 's go into the mall . tracy ( a evil smile ) perfect . we have the homefield advantage . int . shopping mall , department store - day the cosmetics department of a upscale store , mirror on every counter . a saleswoman spray perfume sample on pass shopper . she pull up short as she encounter ... rachel wander by , out - of - place in she street urchin wear . the perfume woman watch rachel pass . 75 . stop at a counter , rachel take in the vast array of makeup , the model on the display . she see a young couple go by , very J. Crew , very much in love . she turn to she own visage reflect in several mirror on the counter . rachel ( under she breath ) you be normal . at the end of the counter , the perfume woman approach a saleswoman help monica . perfume Karen , watch the girl in black , make sure she do not pocket anything . monica turn around to see ... rachel -- stare at a row of - lipstick . she 's startle by - saleswoman can I help you ? rachel uh , just look . the woman give she a smile of devastating insincerity , cross she arm and just stand there . rachel get she drift . monica walk up behind RA monica oh , hi. Karen , this be a friend of mine from school . the saleswoman nod , move away . rachel think she be gonna frisk I . monica she do step class with my mom . ( smile ) you should see the scar from she liposuction . rachel edge way , check out the lipstick , but monica trail she . 76 . monica what be you look for ? rachel nothing . just lookin' . monica be it perhaps , something to wear on a date ? perhaps with a certain jock - hunk we all know ? rachel ( smile , nervous , nail ) no . monica you know , Tracy be not universally love . rachel there 's a shock . monica exhibit A. I think she 's a melrose place superbitch . rachel crack a hint of a smile . monica you have great lip . ( beat ) no , really . look , this shade would look very kissable on you . Soft . monica go to apply the lipstick on she . rachel pull away . monica trust I . see , Tracy try to steal Brad from I . now hold still . and rachel do . monica so , he invite you to the game ? just nod . rachel nod . monica well , there 's a big party after . I hope you can go . I know it would mean a lot to jesse if we all get along . 77 . rachel uh-huh . monica good. see ? check in a mirror , rachel see she 's right . monica here , this two would also rock on you . the saleswoman reappear . saleswoman can I ring that up ? rachel um , sure . how much be this ? saleswoman twenty - two fifty . each . rachel set the lipstick down . monica smile at the saleswoman . monica maybe next time . bye . she pull rachel away . as they walk the saleswoman keep look at rachel with distaste . monica ( a conspiratorial smile ) here , I kleptoed it for you . she slip rachel the lipstick . int . rachel's bedroom - night rachel before the mirror , apply the lipstick . a p.j. harvey song play under , slow , insistent , seductive : p.j. harvey she 's burst / drop off ! pick the fruit ! realize ! I be naked / I be naked too . / so cover rrry body / dress it fine / hide my linen and lace . she pull on a silver , thrift - shop slip dress , move a slee have to cover she tattoo . 78 . p.j. harvey ( cont would ) so fruit flower myself inside out / I be happy and bleed for you / fruit flower myself inside out / I be tired and bleed for you ... she slip off she nose stud . ext . rachel be house - night jesse wait in he car . he look up -- rachel stand under the porch light in she dress . a lanky gangster girl , with . one leg plant on a step like a cocked gun . she 's bone- chillingly beautiful . he get out , open the car door for she . jesse what happen to that little thing you wear , that , uh ... he gesture to hib 'nose , indicate she stud . rachel take it off . jesse too bad . I like it . it 's different . rachel look at the car seat . on it be daisies . jesse ( smile ) just , you know , throw them in the back . ext . a cabin - night a small cabin in the wood . Fire light in the window . jesse 's car be park in t; ^.e gravel alongside . int . the cabin - night jesse be stoke a fire in the fireplace . there 's a moose head trophy on the wall . rachel 's sit on a bed , drape with a chenille spread . jesse it be nice of mark to lend we the place . he 's really tryin ' to make peace . invite .s to he party . but we will not go if y ; , u , d be uncomfortable . 79 . he move to the bed . rachel no. let 's go . jesse great . ( look at she ) what 's wrong ? rachel I feel like .. , we be be watch . she look up at the moose head 's marble eye , reflect firelight . jesse drape he jacket over the moose head . jesse sorry , bullwinkle , light out . ( sit on the bed ) feel better ? rachel feel scared . jesse funny . he too. , he lean in to she . she back away , like a skittish doe . rachel I be sorry , I just feel ... weird . I do not know . oh , wow , I be really lose my mind here . jesse it 's okay . Rachel , it 's okay . it do not have to be tonight . whenever you be ready . and , hey , you know what , you be the sanest person I know . and that 's exactly what she need to hear . she cup the back of he neck and pull he lip to hers . they kiss ; a deep , heal kiss . her hand brushes aside one of the strap to she dress , , which slip off she shoulder . jesse tenderly run he hand over she heart -thorn tattoo . fade to black / fade in : 80 . closeup of rachel and jesse in the bed , make love . firelight play over they skin . it 's beautiful . what we all want we first time to be . they move slowly , as if all the pain in the world could be erase , ï¿½f only they could become one . jesse watch rachel her face open , vulnerable . fade to black / fade in : rachel asleep seem peaceful , hold on to jesse like a child , they be cover by the chenille spread . they sweat cling to they like the softest of prison . he 's awake , study she . he gently run he fingertip across she brow . E ( softly ) I love you . off they and across the floor . to find a MI on the floor , hide behind a chair . follow the microphone cord to a close window where it snake out . there 's the gape lens of a video camera visible in the corner of the window . its red recording light on . dive into the black lens , and ... fade to black : a super - blood red : F R D a y fade in to : int . rachel's bedroom - morning and the round black pupil of walter' eye . he lay on the bed watch ' rachel sneaking in through she window . try to be mouse quiet . she get safely inside when she bedroom door open . boyd stand in the doorway . she 's bust . 8l. boyd you be out all night . rachel nod , defiantly . he walk over to she and , without warning , slap she . boyd you be ground . no school today . you do not move from this room . he turn on he heel , walk out . the dog look as stricken as she do . a series of dissolves : of rachel in she bedroom , as the day pass . the sun move across the floor as a ghostly rachel and she dog fade in - and - out around the room . she lay in bed , stare at the ceiling . pace she room like a prisoner . finally -- it 's nightfall . rachel slip out she window . ext . arkham state mental hospital and it look even spookier at night . int . state hospital , visiting area - night dimly light as sue snell sit with sue Rachel need help . she do not believe I and I be afraid for she . I want you to tell she who she father be . why ? sue she will believe it from you lip . Mrs. lang , I really need you help , before it 's too late . I can take you to she . will you help I ? barbara slowly nod , yes . Â£2. ext . football stadium , stand - night the entire town have show for this traditional rivalry and there 's bulldog paraphernalia galore . rachel appear in the stand , look a bit lose . down front sit monica and amy . on the field be tracy and she fellow cheerleader . monica nudge amy and wave to monica Rachel , rach , over here . hey . grab a seat . look around , rachel see she 's surround by Patio people . rachel thanks , but ... monica oh , please , you be . not gonna sit by you lonesome . there 's plenty of room , if Amy ;here slide she bubble butt . amy ( dry ) very witty , Ms. bulimia . but she move over . rachel tentatively sit . int . football locker room - night jesse enter , mound of hair be at he foot . he look up . MARK and most of the bulldogs have shave they head and be work on the last player . they turn to he in unison . chuck grin , run he hand over he scalp . chuck we do it for the big game . MARK c'mon , jess , you be up . jesse stare in horror at how identical they all look now . then he start to ... giggle , then break into laughter , turn and walk away . a p-aln man , he will ruin the whole effect . 83. ext . the stand - night monica and rachel . monica no , no , it 's a extra point when you score the kick after the touchdown . a safety be when you get tackle with the ball in you own end zone . rachel think that be a bunt . what ? rachel I be kid , I be kid . monica okay , listen . here 's what Brad tell I to say , do not matter if something good or bad happen , just say " you. gotta be fuckin ' kiddin ' mee " no matter what , just say that . it will sound like you know what 's go on . int . stadium tunnel - night jesse and the team move through a dark tunnel and onto ... the football field with all the pageantry and sheer rush of a hometown crowd . the school band play like they be go to bust a gut . hysteria and bloodlust fill the air as the crowd start a bark chant . jesse on the sideline bench . he scan the crowd behind he , see . a notre dame scout , wear a " Fighting irish jacket , tote a clipboard . jesse then spot rachel in the stand , give she a reassure grin . she glance at the scout , smile back at jesse . tracy see they , be none too happy . slow motion -- a whistle sound as a football be kick to start the game . the ball spin end over end until ... 84 . it 's catch by a bulldog receiver who start he return , then be pop hard and fumble . a opposing player leap onto the ball on the muddy quagmire of a field . n the stand ... rachel , monica , amy ( in accidental unison ) you gotta be fuckin ' kiddie ' I ! they turn to each other , burst into laughter . montage -- of the punish game . Epic warfare with grunt , spitting and cursing as lineman butt head and . -- a carlin running back steamrolls through the bulldogs for a touchdown . -- rachel , monica and amy do they you gotta be fuckin' kiddin ' I routine . jesse catch a pass , and be immediately slam hard carlin player . rachel look like she 's be kick in the gut . rachel do they have to hit he that hard ? monica Amy , Rachel 's worried about jesse . amy do not worry , i always look worse than it really CUT to : tracy and the other cheerleader lead a cheer as ... jesse glance at the sideline , where the notre dame football scout watch he , write note on he clipboard . the half -time scoreboard and the bulldogs trail 7 - on the sideline , MARK smashes he helmet to the ground . int . arkham state mental hospital - night mpatient sue sit before a exhaust doctor nelson . 85 . doctor well ... I understand you need to take out Mrs. lang , to do a drug-abuse intervention with she daughter . but while she 's do well , she condition may be fragile . ( beat ) in good conscience , I could only release she in you custody for two hour . 0 thank you . sue jump to she foot to leave . doctor hold on . you have a bunch of release form to sign . I will go get they . on sue , sit , know she -may be run out of time . ext . football field - night the bulldogs prove they worth with brutal play as they cream the carlin quarterback for a big loss . the FOURTH quarter scoreboard -- the bulldogs trail 7 - 3. rachel see ... the Notre Dame football scout write note as he watch ... jesse cut across the middle of the field . he catch a pass , but two defensive back converge on he and he get bone - jarringly plaster . jesse hit the ground with such force he helmet fly off . for a moment , it look like he 's be decapitate . rachel ( stand ) jess ! the hometown crowd rise to they foot as ... jesse stay down , hurt . rachel oh , no . rachel strain to see he as the team circle around jesse . 86 . four photographer rush along the sideline to snap shot , they camera flash . jesse sit up , stand , shake he head to clear it as he jog to the sideline . rachel thank , God . he 's okay . CUT to : the scoreboard clock -- loudly ticking from 0:09 to 0:07 . jesse -- run . he look up to ... the night sky -- a football silently arch up , spin a achingly beautiful spiral in slow motion . the scoreboard clock -- a booming tick from 0:05 to 0:04 . jesse make a spectacular one- hand catch on the run , streaking along the sideline . ahead of he , a monstrous carlin linebacker close in on he with murder in he eye . RA look out ! the linebacker be p.o.v . -- all the photographer on the sideline have they cam g flash flare in unison , without they snap they ! the blind linebacker plow into the sideline photographer jesse score a touchdown . and the crowd go berserk as the bulldogs throw they helmet in the air . monica ( stunned ) you gotta be ... wow . rachel stand there , open-mouthed , relieved , but unsure if she have anything to do with what just happen . int . locker room - night the bulldog be still whooping it up as coach walsh approach jesse . 87 . walsh Ryan , Notre Dame scout 's - here , want to talk to you first . jesse nod , turn to brad . jesse Brad , can you tell Rachel I will be out soon ? have she wait for I . int . stadium corridor - N rachel and monica stand in the hoard wait for the player . tracy pass , soggy , muddy , yet still radiating a cool confidence in she beauty . she give rachel , a shark 's smile . brad exit the locker room , go to rachel 's side . brad it 's gonna be a while , jess be talkin ' to the scout , he say for you to go ahead to the party . monica ( warmly ) Rachel , do you hear that , jesse 's talk to the scout , be not that great ? rachel yeah . monica c'mon , I will give you a ride to Mark 's . ext . rachel be house - night sue drive up with barbara to rachel 's tiny , run-down house . barbara no , this could not be it . Rachel say it be a real nice house , surround by tree , with a pool in the back . sue I guess she do not want to worry you . int . rachel ' bedroom - night the bedroom door be open by emilyn . sue and barbara stand behind she . they find walter , alone on the bed , blink awake . 88. MARK bing be house - night a upper-class home build in the international style of fieldstone and gray-stain wood . the house be set back from the road , surround by tree , with a pool in the back . a herd of park car and throbbing music indicate MARK 's party be at full tilt . int . MARK bing be house - night close on -- a 36 -inch tv play psychedelic music video and japanese anima . widen -- to reveal a dancing 'crowd in a dimly light , split - level live room with expose wooden beam . there 's a large , roaring fireplace and a Jackson pollock splatter painting hang opposite . slide glass door overlook the backyard patio and swim pool . chuck cut through , see someone jostle a table lamp . chuck careful ! do not break anything , or Mark will have my head on , a plate . ext . mark house - night monica lead rachel up the walkway to the front door where a beefy boy play doorman . arnie and two geeky younger boy mill outside the door , try they damndest to look cool . arnie hey , monica , can ya get we into the party ? monica sure , arnie , wait here . I will come back for ya .. . and she waltze past he . monica ( cont 'd ) . in two or three year . arnie point at a pass rachel . apisi E how come she get to go in ? monica ( raisis a toast ) to new friend . they raise they glass and rachel join in with a hesitant smile . they glass clink together for the ... CUT to : ext . stadium parking lot - night jesse cross the near empty lot , hair wet from he shower . he stop dead . jesse damn it . under a pool of lamplight -- he car have have its tire slashed and someone have spray in red carlin uye ! â– across the door . tracy pull up in . she BMW , wear she cheerlead outfit . tracy oh , wow , that suck . further proof carlin guy be gravy suck pig . jesse yeah . tracy need a ride ? jesse you goin ' to mark ? tracy would not miss it . hop in . as he get into she car , tracy have one hand on the wheel , the other hang out she window . she drop something as jesse close the door . reveal a can of red spray paint tracy drop onto the parking lot 's tarmac . tracy just a quick stop at my house , want to change my outfit . her car pull off ... wiping the frame to , 91 . int . mark house - night rachel and monica chat with amy and two other patio girl . amy take rachel 's hand . amy I really like you nail color . monica check out the tattoo on she arm wild huh ? amy yeah . do that hurt ? rachel no . well , yeah , actually some . amy oh , it 's just too cool . monica I be die to get one , but my mom would have a shit fit . amy so would mine . she say I be not that type of gi rl . rachel what type be that ? there 's a awkward pause which monica break . monica a slut . ( throw a arm around Rachel ) that 's why you should take all of we in for tattoo ! amy and the other girl laugh . rachel soften , join in . she look around at everyone at the party , laugh , dance . the shiny , happy people . it feel weird , but here she be . she smile , take a sip of she drink . by the stereo , MARK crank up the music as chuck dance over to amy , pull she into the dance crowd . brad grab monica . brad c'mon , wench , let 's dance . he pull monica into the crowd , and she gesture for rachel to join they . 92 . rachel no , I would rather wait for jesse . monica oh , c'mon , Rachel . he would want you to have fun . amy yeah , c'mon , rach . there 's a chorus of " c'mon , Rachel " from the guy and some of the other dancers join in . a embarrassed rachel surrender , set down she drink and enter the dance group . monica all right , girl . rachel smile . brad start dance before rachel . slow motion -- close on rachel 's face , dance , beam . for a few moment , everything seem perfect . and she throw she head back and laugh . MARK dance into the group . MARK hey , chuckzilla , why do not you put on the highlight tape ? chuck you mean tonight 's game ? MARK share a laugh and a glance with monica and B MARK yeah , tonight 's game . chuck okay . let 's go to the videotape : he dance out of the group over to the vcr where he pop out a tape and insert a tape mark " bulldog highlight " . rachel turn around , see the large screen tv playing image of the bulldog play football . rachel be that tonight 's game ? MARK no , it 's the other game . still dance , she turn back to the group . 93. rachel what other game ? MARK the game you be in . the other laugh . she smile , confuse . rachel what ? brad the one you play . MARK yeah , yeah , what be the score ? chuckie , pass I the scoreboard , I wanna show Rachel how she help jesse win the game . chuck pull the black notebook next to the CD 's off a shelf , pretend he 's a quarterback hike a ball . twenty - four , twenty -six , hut , hut , hut . he drop back to pass the notebook . chuck go long , bradzilla . MARK laugh as brad circle around rachel , twist between other dancer . chuck toss the notebook over rachel and brad leap up to catch it . brad post-pattern , Mark ! ducking around dancers , MARK raise he hand for the pass . kide start to notice they antic and start laugh . brad pass the book over to MARK who catch it , mime spike it for a touchdown and do a silly victory dance . monica laugh and turn to rachel , who laugh , even though she still look a bit befuddle . MARK Rachel , catch ! he throw the notebook through the air , where it tumble end over end for a few slow beat , then be catch by she . 94 . behind rachel -- the tv set -- keep play football highlight , but suddenly there 's a almost subliminal -- flash of two intertwined body . rachel hold the notebook , unsure of what to do with it . the boy be a little out of breath , but still grin and dance . MARK open it . go 'head , read off the score . brad start with Eric . chuck yeah , start with poor Eric . she open the book , look at the page with a quizzical expression . she see the bulldog name across the top of the page with list of girl beneath each one . every girl have a number next to she with a total at the bottom . MARK what 's Eric 's score ? rachel twenty-two ? rachel stop dance as she spot lisa parker 's name at the bottom of eric 's column with the number four next to it . MARK what 's up , rach ? you know someone on that list ? rachel ( under she breath ) Lisa . MARK oh , yeah , Lisa , forget about she . chuck how many point be she ? brad four . but maybe he shoulda lose that when she offed herself . 95 . MARK rach , look under jess 's name , how many point you get ? monica ( cheerlead ) two , four , six , eight -- amy who do we appreciate ! rachel look down jesses 's column see -her name with thirty point next to it , then , above hers , see tracy with ten . MARK no , more than that , remember , we think rach be a dyke . he get extra-point for the conversion . brad point ? try thirty . rachel stare at the book , stunne , try to make sense of it . monica look at she face , this be priceless . at the front door , jesse walk in , tracy behind he . he look around , have not see what 's go on yet . eric intercept he , turn jesse away from the tv . eric hey , man , what do the scout say ? behind rte ... the tv set -- between shot of player grunt , tackle and smash into each other , longer and longer segment appear of ... a couple making love -- from the waist up , with thick scan line that almost make it look surreal . it 's obvious that the girl be rachel , and the boy be jesse . dancing kide notice what 's on the tv and start to point and laugh at the set . rachel be completely unaware of what 's go on behind she . 9 MARK see , we do not think jess could do i so he offer to get evidence , proof that he would score you . monica here come jesse 's big play ! MARK lookie , lookie , Rachel . rachel realize people be watch something behind she , then laugh at she . she turn and see ... the image of she and jesse on the tv . her face go slack with horror . rachel oh , God MARK lean in to rachel , who have not notice jesse . MARK jess be disappointed with the picture quality , but I tell he it be better than Pam and Tommy Lee 's tape . ck rach , be it good for you too ? sure look like it , do not it ? MARK why do not we ask jesse ? he turn and call out . MARK ( cont 'd ) hey , jesse ! over here ! jesse look over and he eye meet rachel 's , but she just stare back , horrify . then he see the tv set behind she jesse what ... jesse push he way through the crowd , try to get to rachel . tracy throw a arm around he , kiss he neck . tracy he tell I he be think of I when he fuck you . 97 . see MARK laugh , jesse realize what 's go on . jesse Rachel ... he try to shrug off tracy , but eric and chuck grab he arm and pull he back into the crowd . jesse Rachel ! MARK push rachel towards brad . MARK Rachel ! Rachel ! she try to get away , but brad push she into monica who shove she to amy as they join in the chant . Rachel ! monica Rachel ! Rachel ! drown out jesse 's cry . rachel 's p.q.v. -- spin around . a nightmarish gallery of dance , jostling torso , twisted face and laughing mouth , smirk and point at she . intercut with : fast close - ups of rachel and jesse make love . the assault of music , chant and image crescendo with ... brad grab rachel 's bare arm below she heart -thorn tattoo force she to face the tv screen . brad hey , be that a zit on you ass ? rachel have tear stream down she face for the first time since she be four year old . she bow she head . 98 . a laughing brad glance down at rachel 's arm . the thorn vine around the heart tattoo look bigger , edging up she arm . he look away , share a laugh with MARK , look back and ... the heart tattoo on rachel 's upper arm be grow , etched from within , the thorn cover vine snake like a tendril up she arm . brad Holy shit . he release she . rachel raise she head , eye glow with pain and rage , she break heart turn to stone . , the delicate thorn vine have grow across she chin , cheekbone and forehead , swirl around to end on she other cheek . a stunne brad back away from she . jesse break free of eric 's grip , slug chuck and push he way towards rachel . her heart pound at a alarming rate as she slowly turn and see jesse come at she , he arm out to take she in he embrace . a knife on the bar dance and rattles , then ... a whip pan find ... jesse , as he back arch in pain and he scream . the knife embed in he open palm , nail he hand to the wall . MARK and the other boy stare in shock . MARK what the fuck ? on jesse -- as he scream again . a corkscrew have pierce he other hand , at waist level . the screw spin around , burrow into he flesh . 99 . everyone on that side of the room stop dead , take in the bizarre sight . rachel straighten up and ... the kitchen door close ... the glass door to the back yard slide shut ... the front door slam . tracy ( looking around ) what 's go on Mark ? I dunno . the floor start to shake like a small earthquake . all the partygoer go still , look around at each other . the room be freeze , even though the music keep pound . MARK look at rachel , she dishevel hair partially obscure she feature , but she eye be glow . the glass window surround the room , begin to rattle , then crack in a spider - web pattern . then ... the window burst inward . follow the deadly hail of shard as they cut through the crowd . from above -- the outer edge of the crowd be mow down as if by a machine gun and ... a whip pan -- find a boy impale by a large , jag shard . twisted shadow be splay across a wall of kide fall to the ground . the hard - edge music keep play while ... chuck 's decapitate head roll across the floor and onto ... a plate . the beefy boy spin around , clutcn at a shard protrude from he neck , he carotid artery spew blood like a lawn sprinkler . 100 . on a girl as he blood spray across she face and ... the boy turn , arcing blood across ... the Jackson pollock painting , which blend into the multi- color canvas . reeling into the stereo , the boy scatter CD everywhere . on rachel , clothes spatter red , tear stream down she cheek . tracy straighten up , have be protect by monica , who`s scream , she face a lacerate pulp with glass , shard stick out of it like a pincushion . survive partygoer panic as they struggle to they foot and try to flee , stampede over each other . , tracy , eric and brad shove they way through the crowd . ext . mark house - night as sue and bar . BA k leap from the volvo .. sue hear the scream from within the house , take in the shattered window . sue barbara oh , not Rachel ! they race to the door as ... within the house brad run to the front door . a iron fireplace poker lift up one end , then fly like a javelin towards brad 's back as ... door - N barbara and sue approach the door when the end of the burst from the center of it , nearly spearing a surprised barbara in the face as it stick out about a foot . she jerk back , then push the door open with a effort . within the house -- they enter and freeze as the door slam shut behind they , revealing a dead brad spear through the throat , pin to the door . 101 . oai , my god . where 's Rachel ? they see jesse , then rachel cover in tattoo . a panicked it my smashes into barbara , then run toward a window . rachel see amy and she eye narrow ... music CD fly off a shelf and ... spin through the air at high velocity . one of the deadly frisbee bury itself in amy 's back , spin she around . more CD emb in she stomach , chest and throat . MARK and eric smash they way through the chaos as MARK 's eye flash from a collapse amy to rachel MARK God , it 'l she ! she 's do it ! sue move towards rachel . sue stop ! stop it ! rachel have she gaze lock on ... MARK , who realize he 's a dead man . he move toward a shattered window , through which some people escape . but rachel turn she head slightly and ... a telekinetic pulse travel across the row of liquor bottle at the bar , explode they one - by-one , spraying alcohol which douse sue . a flaming log erupt from the fireplace ... strike the alcohol - drench bar , set a blaze trail and lighting the curtain on fire , create a wall of flame before the window . sue stop it ! you do not want to -- and rachel snap she head around , launching another log from the fireplace which strike sue in the back , whose alcohol drench clothes catch flame ... and she , A. 102 . a scream sue pitch forward , roll on the floor to put out the flame , but caly succeed in lighting another trail of liquor which create a barrier to the backyard window . in the eye of the storm be barbara , shaking she head in denial , mutter , as she mental state rapidly deteriorate . barbara no , this be not happen . it be not happen , be not happen ... MARK pull eric by the shirt collar and they careen down ... a hallway where each of the door ahead of they slam shut as they approach . utter chaos , but rachel calmly turn into the hallway , follow MARK , as if in a trance . I MARK lower he shoulder , crash through a close door into . a den where the wall be decorate with deer head and hunt trophy . MARK and eric be smash a stand glass case contain pistol and rifle . tracy lean panting against the wall . MARK slip a handgun into he belt . tracy screw that , get the shotgun ! shake , freak out , they gather weapon . the hall d eric see rachel the end of the hall , silhouett from behind . they take off in the other direction , tracy bring up the be barrel shoulder first into a door , the boy burst through and into ... 103 . ext â€¢ the back yard - night where they almost stumble into the swim pool . tote they rifle , MARK , eric and tracy turn to find rachel , at a gunfighter 's distance , come towards they . tracy and brad cock they weapon and bring they to they shoulder . tracy slip on she glass . MARK wait till she 's closer . tracy tighten she finger on the trigger . rachel 's eye narrow and ... tracy 's glass shatter into she eye , spew blood milky fluid . aaaaa ... she stagger , fire she shotgun into eric 's groin and he land sit next to the pool . a die eric stare at he shred lap , then fall over . MARK look at he dead friend . oh , shit . .recover , and swing he aim back at rachel . but he rifle go sailing over he head and into the grass twenty foot behind he . he make eye-contact with a grim rachel advance toward he , and haul ass . rachel glance at a coiled garden hose and it spring to life , slithering through the grass and across the concrete at high speed to wrap around MARK 's ankle and trip he up . he hit the ground hard and roll over to find the hose twist around he leg and up he waist like a python . he hand grasp for the rifle , but fall short as the hose pin he other arm to he side , then curl around he windpipe in a stranglehold . 104 . his eye widen as the life be squeeze from he and he see rachel stand over he . he grope for the shotgun again ... and finally grab it . rachel look at the rifle and it fly from he hold , splash into the pool . but she jolt on two ... gunshot rachel look down . MARK have pull the handgun from he belt with he pin hand and fire . she 's hold she belly , gutshot , stagger and fall into the pool , disappear amid a swirl of blood . MARK yank the hose from he neck as it go slack . he gasp , point the gun into the pool and fire until it 's silent and he 's leave pull the trigger on empty chamber . he get he breatke under control , lean over to look into the water of the deep end . he aar on the sound of a mechanical whirring , and turn . a pool cover start to unfold . at that moment ... rachel's bloody arm burst from the water and grip he neck . MARK grab she forearm as she other arm yank he into the pool . underwater -- as rachel drag MARK down , he kick and pummel she , but she hold on . the pool cover steadily close over they , shutting out the light from above . MARK finally frees himself and lunge for the surface , but the pool cover block he escape . he desperately push at it , eye bulg , lung burn , as he foot kick to keep he afloat . on the surface -- the pool coyer close as rachei , haul herself from the water , barely make it out . mark hand , grab she leg , slide , then clutches at the edge of the pool . his finger slip under as the cover completely shut . 105 . m rx 's head bulge the pool cover , then he hand punch feebly at it a few time . then ... nothing . barbara ( o.s. ) Rachel ! a weaken rachel lay by the pool . she seem to be snap out of she trance as she roll over and see barbara . rachel shudder and suddenly just look like a wet , scared little girl reach for she mother . rachel mama . maury ? barbara' p.o.v. of but it 's a four - year -old rachel , pristine , without tattoo . barbara blink and she p.o.v. be of a ten - year -old rachel , reach for she . mama , please . barbara blink and it 's now ... the 17 - year -old rachel , cover in blood and tattoo . she look she daughter in the eye , back away in terror . barbara what be you ? you be not my little girl . no . the devil 's in you . rachel ( crying ) do not leave I , mama . but she mother disappear into the shadow . rachel please , I do not have ... anyone . she roll onto she back , look up at the starry night . rachel please , God , let I die ... and she tightly shut she eye . dissolve back to : 106 . the live room a vision of hell -- crimson - stain wall and pile body . the fire be spread , lick its way across the burn scoreboard notebook , and along the floor toward ... jesse , in pain , still pin to the wall . he raise he head and start in fear as ... of the center of the room , face he . he see the gunshot wound in she stomach , then follow she gaze to ... the tv set with a crack screen , but still play the tape of they intimate moment at the cabin , with a sleep rachel lay on jess he look back at she . jesse Rachel , listen . I swear , d know they be taping we . d never hurt you . she look at he plead eye . jesse I love -- the tv set now have the video footage of ... int . the cabin - night jesse look at rachel cling to he , asleep , peaceful . he gently run he finger across she brow . jesse ( softly ) I love you . and oull she closer . hack to -- - rachel stare at the tv . and the vcr rewind and replay .. on tv -- the moment of jesse say ' I love you " to she while she be asleep . 107 . rachel fall to she knee , tear run down she face . she turn back to jesse , amaze . a blazing chunk of ceiling fall near she . jesse ( cough ) Rachel . gat out , now . go. and the knife and the corkscrew drop away , release he . he fall to the floor , drag himself over ... and take rachel in he arm . he cradle she . she whisper and he bend over to hear . she whisper again ... rachel . love you . jesse tenderly kiss she lip . and all the tattoos fade from she face and body Love . her face be serene . jesse trace he finger across she brow , embrace she , the flame start to encircle they , just like in rachel 's nightmare . jesse pull rachel over the debris ride floor toward the back window , but stumble and go down . her eye flutter open . rachel leave . get out instead of leave she , jesse hug rachel closer . the sleeve of he jacket catch flame . and he accept he fate . rachel shut she eye , give one last telekinetic push ... ext . the backyard - night and a body be flung out the back window like a rag doll , clothes in flame . the body go fifteen foot and fall onto the pool cover , its weight bow the cover enough for water to rush over it . back t0 : 108 . int â€¢ the live room - night rachel on she back , look up , eye open , a slight smile on she lip . she sees -- the burning ceiling collapse , raining death on she . ext . the house - night .is now a burn inferno . a funeral pyre . back yard - the pool at water level . all be quiet , there 's only the sound of the crackle fire and faraway siren of firetruck . suddenly -- jesse hurt up on the -- CUT to : ext . the hill - night from mile away -- the light give off by the burning house rise over the treeline . close on a deject arnie and the two uncool boy who could not get into the party , lean against a van , stare in amazement . arnie man , we be miss one killer party . fade to black : and the peaceful sound of cricket for the ... sup : notre dam ' liniver . stty - qne year later fad ; in to : ext . notre dam university - night a church tower with a bell overlook the student dorm building . the darken campus be tranquil , still . int . hallway , student dorm build - night moving down a. dormitory hall . the room door feature rock poster and " Fighting irish " sticker and pennant . 109 . int . dorm room - night jesse be slump over , asleep on a desk layer in textbooks and a notebook . a all - night study session . his hair be shor. , he 's wear a beard . his face be more mature , sadder . the beard largely hide some burn scar on one side of he face . over the desk be a mirror and a " Fighting irish " pennant . the only light come from he desk lamp . he jerk awake with a spasm , glance at a digital clock glow on he desk : 11:s$ a.m. jesse ( rub he eye ) Jesus . walter , Rachel 's dog , hop on he lap , lick at .his face . the sad -ey dog whimper ' and , jesse scratch he . in the distance the clock tower bell can be hear chiming midnight : one , two ... as jesse look down and he eye widen in surprise : somehow , he 's scrawle on the notebook paper on the desk in front of he : king of hell or , if you only look at the capitalize letter , it read : around it , the same phrase be write over and over again : king of hell king of hell king of hell king of hell king of hell king of hell king of hell king of hell jesse lower the dog how do ... trails off as he stare at the page . the clock bell in the background be still chiming : give , six , seven and ... 110 . T h e F R E N C h door fly of behind jesse . ns . it 's the wind . the dog start barkin jesse ( shush the dog ) ssshhhh . relax , boy . he take a-deep breath , flip the page on the notebook , resume he cram session . on the floor , the dog look at the open french door , then scurries under the bed . jesse be write , in the mirror above h a woman ' 's figure and in the french door , she face hide up , see the woman reflect , spin to watch she stop forward into the light . it 's rachel , in hak slip dress . jesse ( stunned ) Rachel ? rachel smile . she lift she arm to he . jesse ( with grow joy ) Rachel . he rise , envelop she in he arm , and kiss she . he pull back to take she in . t!!s two of thaw be reflect in another mirror behind the be 's door . open she mouth to speak -- a large snake fly out and jam itself into jesse 's mouth , throw he back . Ho aac . clutching at the snake as it slither down he throat , and qmis '3 i $ into the desk and mirror , shatter it on the -- slam CUT to int . dorm room , notre dame - nigh a ' a loud scream as jesse jerk awake at he desk . his heart fatim like it 's about to explode from he mouth . he look down at the paper in front of he . fill only with he study note . the dog , walter , be awake on the bed , blink , have be stir by the scream . jos he recover , run he hand through he hair . start read . the digital clock read : 11:59 a.m. in the distance , the clock bell begin 'chime midnight : one , three ... jesse read , but in he aye he 's wait for the savant chime . the bell chime : four the french doorsninat jesse spin . the wind . nobody there . he turn back to he read , he heart beat wildly again . glance up at the mirror . nothing . his heartbeat and the bell chime get increasingly lq= as , .. . he read , glance up at the mirror , shiver , and it be not in the cold . move , to another angle : where he image be multiplied to infinity in the two mirror ! fear be write on he face . and we know he will be look over he shoulder ... until the day he die . slow fade