driven screenplay by David elliot base on a story by darcy meyer , David elliot and clay ayer eighth revise draft October 26 , 1999 close on - a photo of a happy young woman at the beach . her candid expression suggest that she do not know she be be photograph . track -- off the picture , revealing that it be one of many photograph of the same woman paste onto a wall in something of a collage of photo , newspaper clipping , hand - write letter , and note as well as eclectic personal item ( postcard , match book , birthday card , etc . ) . the collage appear to be light by candlelight . in each photo she be either alone or the other in the photograph have be roughly cut from the frame with scissors . though the woman appear attractive and happy , there be something disturbing about the haphazard pasting and cut of the picture . as the frame track , glimpse headline read : inquiry clear agent of negligence , indefinite leave begins ; charree remains identified , linked to serial killer ; death toll climb to nineteen . the frame track over crime scene photo -- a burn out house surround by police and emergency vehicle ; a shot inside the same house ( blacken wall and furniture ) ; a shot of a white sheet stand out in the middle of the room ; a closer shot of the same sheet , a human form underneath ; the sheet pull back expose a badly burn body . the frame have travel full circle around the collage and come to rest again on the first picture of the young woman . with startling effect , a man 's hand enter frame and caress the woman 's cheek . -black - fade in : ext . lake michigan - night the low moon illuminate the quiet lake . the beautiful Chicago skyline glimmer in the distance . all be still until - from behind the skyline a whirring mass of rotor blade appear gradually close in we position . soon , three f.b.i. helicopter boom past and continue on , sweeping low across the water . ext . chicago street - continuous a dozen police vehicle scream through the street of Chicago . two motorcycle cop have block cross traffic and the convoy race through the light . when the convoy pass , the two motorcycle race back past the convoy , ready to block the next intersection . int . warehouse , live / work loft - continuous spirit cuban music fill this expensively decorate and trendy loft . window compromise one whole wall of the room offer a stun view over the lake . david allen griffin ( 35 , handsome ; despite he apparent good mood , he have a eerie presence ) suddenly dance into frame . he whirl and step unselfconsciously to the feisty rhythm , hold a heavy black automatic pistol in one hand . mid-twirl he turn and address someone off camera . griffin ooh . this song be faboo . do you feel that ? the rhythm ? it 's alive . he dance , hum along with the song and occasionally turn to look playfully at he image in a large three - pane mirror as if he be flirt with a unseen partner . int . f.b.i. command helicopter : continuous the helicopter move low and fast over a desolate expanse of water . behind the command pilot , several federal agent gaze soberly toward they destination . on the command pilot : his profile taut in the florescent glow of he monitor . the light of Chicago disappear in the distance . int . warehouse , live / work loft - continuous griffin continue to dance for a moment before wind he motion down gracefully as the song fade . in the absence of music we hear for the first time the sound of a woman in the room quietly cry and whimper nearby . the next song suddenly jump to life on the CD player and griffin launch into another dance number , again hum along . ext . command helicopter - continuous hovering for a moment high above the glitter water , they plunge toward they target . ext . warehouse - continuous Police van and patrol car screech to a lurching halt in front of the warehouse . the rear door of the van burst open and one after another , cop in riot gear pour out onto the pavement . ext . nearby rooftop - continuous on the rooftop of a nearby building , there be a tremendous build - up of police personnel . a s.w.a.t. commander motion for he man to clear the way as the three helicopter rise over the rooftop 's ledge and land in unison . the federal agent duck the churn blade as they rush into the nearest stairwell . dozen of helmete cop line the roof 's ledge . various angle on high - power rifle , train on the warehouse . int . warehouse , live / work loft - continuous as a song end , griffin address someone off camera . griffin I do not know how you can just sit there with music like this . such a waste . int . warehouse , first floor - continuous a small army pour into the building through every ground floor entrance . int . warehouse basement - continuous a metal door crash open as wave of s.w.a.t. officer storm the darken basement . as they advance , they red - laser sight trace a maze of pipe through the cavernous basement . s.w.a.t. officer ( into he headset ) basement 's clear . ext . warehouse - continuous the agent in charge , mike ibby ( 44 , African american ) and several other agent approach the building . int . warehouse stairwell - continuous a team of s.w.a.t. officer thunder up the metal fire stair . int . warehouse ( different ) stairwell - continuous a second s.w.a.t. team race up a different stairwell . int . warehouse , second floor - continuous another s.w.a.t. team kick open a door to a loft , scare the hell out of couple watch tv . int . warehouse , third floor - continuous a second s.w.a.t. Officer hustle three terrify people down a dark hallway . second s.w.a.t. officer let 's go ! let 's go ! let 's go ! int . warehouse , fifth floor hallway - continuous s.w.a.t. officer storm the hallway on the fifth floor gather at a door . the lead officer nod and two officer stand and ram the door down with a batter ram . freeze the image . a voice be hear . campbell ( v.o. ) it 's never that easy . you go through the door and they be never just sit there wait for you , a welcoming smile on they face . int . psychiatrist's office - afternoon joel campbell ( late 30 , weary , scraggy , full beard , baggy chord , a baseball cap ) sit across from he psychiatrist polly beilman ( 37 , attractive , poise ) . campbell the best we can do be hope they fuck up and do what we can to be there when they do . polly do you blame yourself for the killing ? campbell no , I blame the asshole who do they . polly almost crack a smile . campbell ( cont 'd ) no . I do not blame myself for not catch he , if that 's what you mean . this be not a guy whose be in and out of a institution he whole life ... ext . los angele STREET corner - day a black and white cruiser have pull over a older model station wagon . two cop walk up on either side of the car . as he approach the driver , cop # 1 suddenly draw he weapon . cop # 2 follow he lead . campbell ( v.o. ) ... whose brain finally pop and he slaughter five people then drive around in the family station wagon till a cop see he run a red light . the driver raise he hand . blood cover he face and arm . bloody guy be there a problem , officer ? int . psychiatrist's office - continuous back in the office . campbell this be a man whose whole life be about kill . he study it . he know forensics . ( more ) campbell ( cont ’d ) he understand police procedure . he prepare methodically so as not to leave any evidence at the scene . int . corner market - evening sharon ( attractive , 27 ) stroll through a local deli / market with a hand basket full of grocery . campbell ( v.o. ) he bring a kit with tool and prop . Duct tape , hand cuff , a weapon . everything he will need for control , pleasure and murder . anonymous Pov of Sharon pick through a stack of onion . campbell ( v.o. ) he may watch she for week . ext . sharon' apartment build - night Sharon get out of she park car and walk , alone , down the mostly desert street in a middle - class neighborhood . campbell ( v.o. ) learn she routine . when she come home , when she go to sleep . a car drive slowly down the street past she and pull into a space . the light go off . ext . sharon' apartment - night Pov from outside the window look in : Sharon prepare herself breakfast in a very revealing outfit . campbell ( v.o . ) in the morning , before the sun come up , he can walk right up next to she . int . psychiatrist 's' office - continuous polly why the morning ? campbell even though the sun 's still down , nobody perceive it as night . woman that be very careful at one a.m. , will walk around half naked four hour later . polly make a quick note on she notepad . her expression suggest that it 's a note to herself to take care in the morning . campbell ( cont 'd ) finally , he have pick a day . int . sharon' apartment build , corridor - continuous again a cu of a man 's foot walk down a long corridor . cu on man 's hand as he first put on a pair of latex glove , slip pair of cotton glove over they , and then pick the lock of a old doorknob . campbell ( v.o. ) he would let himself into she apartment . the lock click open and he push the door open . int . apartment hallway - night Sharon approach she apartment door . she fumble around in she purse for she key for a long time . aftera minute she give up and start to head back down the hallway . campbell ( v.o. ) that night she would get home , go about she business , unaware that he be in the house . she get a few step away and suddenly stop in she track . she find the key . she turn and let herself in . int . sharon' live room - night the front door swing open , spilling light from the hallway across the small live room . she close the door behind she and for a few second the apartment be totally black . her footstep can be hear then bang ! yelp ! she click on a light and rub she shin . she bump the coffee table in the dark . she set down she purse and key and head down the dark hallway . int . sharon' bathroom - continuous she step into the bathroom and flip on the light . campbell ( v.o. ) she might spend she last moment alive in this world take a piss or feed she cat . int . sharon' bedroom - continuous Sharon push open she bedroom door and flip on the light and head towards the closet , pull she shirt off as she walk . griffin stand behind the bedroom door , calmly . she do not see he . she open the closet door and begin to rummage through she clothes . griffin push the bedroom door close with a just audible click . Sharon slowly turn and see griffin stand inside the close bedroom door . she yelp , cover herself with she hand and try to run but there 's nowhere to go . she run headlong into she tiny closet , pull down a bunch of she clothes , literally try to climb the wall . int . sharon' apartment - night Sharon sit whimper loudly on the sofa . she have duct tape across she mouth and she foot be bound together with she own stocking . griffin stand nearby at a CD rack browsing through she CD . he take out a CD and put it in . griffin oh . here we go . shall we dance ? ballroom dance music suddenly pour out of the stereo . he hold out he hand . Sharon sit , still totally immobilize with fear . she begin to whimper a little louder . griffin ( cont 'd ) oh , do not play hard to get . this ' 1ll be fun ! shhhhhhh . shhhhhhh . he dance over to she and try to pick she up but she wail and she body go limp , slip out of he arm . griffin ( cont 'd ) shhhhhhh . shhhhhhh. ( suddenly enraged ) I say shut up ! she do . int . psychiatrist's office - continuous campbell the torture would last hour . unimaginable terror . Campbell notice that polly look uncomfortable . campbell ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I do not mean to disturb you , I just - polly ( snap out of it ) no , no . do not be sorry . this be important for you , it 's just difficult sometimes . campbell yeah , tell I about it . ( point to clock ) you be off the hook anyway . she look at the clock on she desk . polly ( still compose herself ) yeah . I guess so . okay , so I will see you next week . int . campbell' live room - afternoon Campbell let himself into he apartment , a dark unfriendly place . book and magazine fill every conceivable corner , make the place seem even smaller than it be . he toss a hand - full of mail into a basket of similarly unopen mail . the camera linger on a unopen federal express envelope . he toss he jacket carelessly on the couch and cross the room to the bathroom . int . campbell' bathroom - afternoon Campbell enter and wash he face , pull he shirt tail out . he open a drawer and pull out several bottle of prescription medication , open each one and shake out a couple pill . he toss they all into he mouth and take a drink from the faucet , swallow they . int . campbell' kitchen - afternoon Campbell walk into the kitchen look for food . all he can find as a brown apple which he grab and head back into : int . campbell' live room - afternoon he pick up he key ( which have a swiss army knife on they ) and a Victoria 's secret catalogue that come in the mail and sit on the couch . he open the knife and begin peel the apple and open the catalogue , obviously only half - interested in its content . the apple skin come off in one long , spiral piece . he set it on the table and take a bite of the apple . he lose interest in the catalogue all together and toss it on the coffee table . he lean back and stare toward the window , lose in think . time lapse - the light behind the window shade gradually fade . Campbell still stare at the window until long after dark . int . sharon' bathroom - day griffin stand in front of the mirror cover in blood and sweat , exhaust from the ordeal of murder . as he methodically clean himself up , he address himself in the mirror , though he seem to be talk to someone else , the way one might speak to a decease love one . griffin where do you go ? I wonder what happen to you that night ? why be it so different from the other time ? I do not know why you be there , how you get so close to I that night . he bend over and wash he face . griffin ( cont 'd ) but I remember clearly what I feel when I hear you footstep fall behind I ... pride . for I it be we finest hour . I think it would keep we together forever . I can still see the flame ... ext . burning house - night - flashback deep black smoke pour from several break window . the orange flicker of fire light can be see behind several other window . Campbell ( young ) gun in hand , sprint down a dark desert alley toward the house . though he run as hard as he can , in dreamlike fashion he do not seem to make very much progress . CUT to : Campbell run up the back staircase and into the back door , immediately ducking away from the rush of flame and heat . he cover he mouth with he arm and push into the back hallway . int . burning house , back hallway - continuous - flashback a woman be hideous scream of agony and fear . Campbell push further down the crumble hallway , dodging burn debris that fall around he . his progress be impede by thick smoke that blur what 's happen . he can just make out the image of a woman sit in a chair in a room at the end of the hallway . she scream again , a long pierce howl . the camera focus in on a wall of flame until it fill the entire frame . image of horrible prime scene begin to appear superimpose over the flame : horribly mutilate body , pool of blood , bloody clothes , murder weapon . the scream continue throughout until - -campbell wake with a jolt in int . campbell' live room - morning he bolt up right on the couch , cover in sweat , he face distort with pain . his move be frantic and jerky . he grip he hand over he eye and stumble towards the bathroom but can not keep he foot . he Pov : the room blur and the floor seem to buckle as he crash onto the hard wood . he writhes in agony , kick the wall and press both hand against he temple as if to stem the pain . int . campbell' bathroom - morning he finally get it together enough to make it to the bathroom , frantically dump out drawer and throw open cabinet . Campbell slump into the floor . he distorted Pov : as he paw at a pile of drug and toiletry that lay sprawle across the floor . his hand find a pharmaceutical carton and he tear it open with he tooth . he pull the rubber protective tip from a small syringe and plunge into he thigh ( which be badly mark and scar from many similar occasion ) . he pull out a second syringe and repeat the process . he drag himself the rest of the way into the bathroom and throw up violently into the toilet . int . campbell' bathroom - night again , it 's night time . Campbell stir awake . he 's be on the floor the whole day . he stand up and wash he mouth out . int . campbell' kitchen - night Campbell enter the kitchen and open the refrigerator . nothing . he slam it close and check the cupboard but the cupboard 's dry . he close it as well . ext . campbell' apartment - night Campbell walk out he front door and down the street toward a chinese Restaurant across the street . he look haggard . we follow from a anonymous Pov . int . chinese restaurant - night Campbell sit in the middle of the mostly empty restaurant near the front window , eat he dinner with chopstick . he do not notice several police cruiser that pass the front of the restaurant with they light on . again someone watch from across the street . Campbell seem miserable and very much alone . ext . campbell' apartment - moment later Campbell step out of the restaurant and be surprised by the sight of a active crime scene in front of he building . Campbell walk up and stand with a crowd of onlooker . cop and paramedics pass this way and that . after a moment , Campbell duck the police tape and slip unnotice into the front door of the building . int . apartment hallway - moment later Campbell duck another line of tape and into the hallway . lieutenant hollis mackie ( 33 , Southern twang and a bad haircut ) stand in the hallway talk to some cop . he see Campbell . hollis hi. welcome to my crime scene . can help you or be you just look ? campbell ( point at the stairwell ) I just live here . hollis ( step in he path ) do you not see the bright yellow tape that say ' do not Cross ' on it ? Campbell hold up he wallet , show hollis he id . campbell ( weary ) can I just go upstairs ? I do not feel like argue with you . hollis look at the id for a moment then shout down the hallway . hollis emelda ! hollis call she over with a quick nod . hollis ( cont 'd ) get a picture ? emelda ( a young Hispanic cop ) hand it over . hollis hand the picture of Sharon to Campbell . the photo ( probably find in Sharon 's apartment ) be take at she high school graduation . hollis ( cont 'd ) do you know this woman ? campbell never see she . what happen ? she dead ? hollis ( suddenly very suspicious ) we do not say anything about a homicide ... mister ... ( look at the id ) Campbell . now why would you jump to that conclusion ? campbell oh , I be just real insightful . you get half the block tape off and there 's a dozen cop in my lobby . what conclusion should I jump to , that someone steal she stereo ? Campbell head toward the stair . hollis wait . call I if you think of anything ? Campbell turn back around . hollis walk over and hand he a card . Campbell turn around and head up the stair . int . campbell' bedroom - night Campbell sit on the bed watch the Home Shopping Network hold a half - glass of Jack Daniels . he look miserable . cu on a man 's hand hold a faux diamond necklace . tv salesman' voice ( 0.s. ) ( from the tv ) this cubic zirconium necklace be perfect for she birthday , anniversary , or Christmas present . int . sharon' apartment - night downstair , a photographer flash shot after shot of Sharon . off the last flash , the screen flash entirely white . ext . chicago - morning a sweeping vista of Chicago in the first light of day . int . campbell' live room - morning Campbell eat cereal and rifle through a enormous pile of unopen mail . bill , junk mail , nothing interesting . he get to a fed ex envelope and tear it open and shake out the content . a single 8'x 10 ' black and white photo . cu a photograph of Sharon , last night 's victim , sit alone in a what appear to be a small restaurant - still alive . Campbell stand and quickly rummages through a enormous pile of unopen mail and unread newspaper and magazine near the front door , finally push the dump a small table onto the floor . he find what he 's look for : another unopen fed ex envelope . he rip it open and another black and white photo slip out . it 's a picture of a different woman drive alone in a she car . it 's take from a car move alongside she . int . hollis ' car - continuous on the CUT : a cell phone ring just as hollis swerve violently through traffic nearly kill himself and twenty other . he 's in pursuit of a Honda Accord that just make a quick leave . his police radio squabble almost as loud as the tire of he car . after he fishtail around the corner and down shift , quickly gain he lose ground on the Honda , he answer the phone . hollis ( surprisingly calm ) Lieutenant mackie . intercut with campbell' apartment ; Campbell jerk he head away from the receiver , startle by the scream tire , engine roar , and blaring siren . campbell ( loudly over the noise ) this be Joel Campbell . we meet last night . hollis ( drive insanely ) Campbell . sure , sure . we ex - f.b.i. friend from apartment 805 . ( answer the unask question ) we do some check after you leave last night . what can I do for you ? hollis almost run down four pedestrian , lock up all four tire just long enough to miss they , then punch the gas again . he do not even flinch . several police cruiser have join the chase . campbell ( truly perplex ) what be you do ? hollis ( still totally calm ) some asshole just jack a Honda two block from I . campbell well , shit , do you need to call I back ? hollis ( wrenching the wheel ) no , I be fine . you get something for I ? campbell ( still very loud ) when would she die ? hollis ( still drive insanely ) Monday night . Three day ago . why ? campbell Cause I know who do it . hollis and how might you know that ? campbell because he mail I a picture of she still alive . get it three day ago . Monday morning . hollis ( blow away , almost happy ) no shit !? several patrol car suddenly cut off the Honda and it skid to a halt . two asian youths jump out and flee on foot . hollis ( cont 'd ) Campbell , hold on a sec . team Honda here 's on the run . hollis jump out of he car and chase one of the kid , still hold he cell phone . after a short sprint , hollis have close the gap . he tackle the kid , drop he cell phone , and the two of they skid along the dirty pavement . the phone slide ten foot away . a uniform jump on the kid and cuff he . hollis walk over and pick up the cell phone hollis ( cont 'd ) ( back into the phone ) meet I at my office ? int . detective mackie' office - morning hollis look at a picture of Sharon ( which be now ina plastic evidence bag ) . Campbell sit across the desk . hollis you always open you mail four day after you get it ? Campbell toss hollis the second picture ( also in plastic ) . campbell no , sometimes it take up to two week . hollis I guess that answer any question we might of have whether the two case be related . oh , boy , my first serial . campbell glad you have fun with this . hollis ( laugh ) be you kid ? he 's send we picture , Campbell ! call Bob barker ! it 's a fuck game show . campbell ( move on ) strangle with piano wire ? victim be partially unclothed but the swab all come back negative ? hollis exactly . no touchy , no feely . what 's go on ? campbell his last know alias be David Allen griffin . we attribute at least 11 homicide to he . I work he for three and half year . in l.a . all I ever get be a cast on a pair of nine and half nike . hollis in l.a .? what the hell 's he do in Chicago ? campbell killing people , look like . hollis ( hold up the picture ) he ever come after you before ? campbell no , he 's never send picture or contact I directly before . hollis so it 's not necessarily the same guy ? campbell be you seri - ? he send meat picture and then kill she in my own fuck building . ( snap in he face ) try to keep the pace , man , this be serious . hollis ( whistle ) Three and half and a pair of nike , huh ? ( Campbell stand ) Bureau 's involved now , I assume ? campbell safe assumption . Campbell stand up . f.b.i. headquarters - day Campbell walk down a long corridor lead by mike ibby ( 44 , African american ) . ibby I just get off the phone with you ex-boss in l.a . he send he best . Campbell do not respond . ibby ( cont 'd ) he tell I you be a good agent . great instinct . told I you know this animal better than anyone else . campbell it 's not my job anymore . ibby he and I both think maybe it should be . we be set up a task force with Chicago p.d. I would like you to lead it from we end . we can reactivate - campbell ( stop in he track ) the field office in L.A. have the relevant file . I can not tell you anything that 's not in they . have a nice day . Campbell turn to walk away just as agent mitch casper ( young , almost boyish - look ) exit he office . mitch ( ignore Campbell , to ibby ) we get several set of print from the fed- ex envelope . Campbell half turn around as he walk out . campbell you can run ‘em but you be go to get the delivery boy , the receptionist , three guy from the warehouse , Santa clause , everyone but he . you be go to have to do much better than that . ibby and Mitch look at Campbell , vaguely annoyed at he comment . Campbell turn and walk out . int . SNAP ! 1hr . photo - afternoon snap ! 1hr . photo be a small store in a very busy indoor shopping mall , though the store itself be desert . ellie ( 24 , mousy ) , sit behind the counter make face into a Sony digital video camera that broadcast she image onto several monitor in the store . she stick out she tongue ; blow a bubble ; make a fish face , etc. , clearly bored . int . fox pavilion shopping mall - afternoon dozen of shopper cross this way and that , no one pay attention to the other . after a moment , we see griffin , make he way toward snap . int . SNAP ! 1hr . photo - afternoon griffin walk in and catch ellie make face . she smile apologetically . ellie sorry . griffin that 's quite alright . you look adorable . ellie blushes . griffin walk up to a display and pull a roll of kodak film off the rack . griffin ( cont 'd ) this new kodak film stock , it say it 's for exterior sunshine , but how 's it handle fluorescent ? ellie shrug and throw up she hand . ellie ( laugh at herself ) I be sorry , I have no idea what you be talk about . ( shrug again ) I just work here . griffin smile at she and look up at the ceiling : fluorescent lighting . griffin do you guy process here , as well ? ellie yeah . one hour . griffin tear open the film and pick up a display camera on the counter . he open the back of the camera . griffin May I ? ellie sure , but what be you do ? once the film be load , he raise the camera and point it at ellie . griffin I be go to test it out . he click a picture of she . she laugh . griffin ( cont 'd ) I will shoot a few picture and you can process they for I . he click another picture of she . she laugh again , this time make a face at he camera . he click another . she 's clearly enjoy the attention . he click several more . int . polly' office - day Campbell , look more and more haggard and distraught each time we see he , sit across from polly in she posh office . polly you be a young man , do you plan to live on disability you whole life ? Campbell hold out he arm and survey himself , implicitly invite she to do the same . campbell I take 150 milligram of seconal so I can sleep two and half hour a night . you want life in my hand ? acebutolol and benazepril for blood pressure , I self inject migrainol and imitrex for migrain - polly you be simply afraid - campbell I go place and forget why I be there . I miss exit on the freeway . you want life in my hand ? I be lucky to find my way home from the grocery store . polly you be simply afraid that you will make another bad judgment that you will not forgive yourself for and you be avoid - campbell ( almost shouting ) absolutely ! I be avoid that situation . no , I do not trust myself . would you ? polly then why do you come here ? what 's the point of this session ? be you try to get well so you can get out on the golf course next spring ? campbell if the next picture that arrive be of you daughter would you really want I to be the one look for she ? would you really ? polly ( think for a beat ) yes . yes I would . he stand up , unwilling to listen , and head for the door . polly ( cont 'd ) do not walk out now . this be exactly what you want . you have to admit that . right now be the time . he slam the door in she face . she throw she note down in exasperation . int . campbell' live room - night Campbell sit watch footage of the crime scene on the late news . a reporter stand outside ellie 's house . female reporter the harrowing search come to a tragic end at about 9:20 p.m. when police discover the body of ellie buchner at she wicker Park home . Campbell punch the remote and the screen go to black . ext . gray colonial style house - night - flashback Campbell ( young , clean - shaven ) walk up to the front porch of the house , careful not to be see or hear . he peer under the blind into a window . through the thick lead glass he Pov be distort . a figure move in the live room . several candle provide the only light in the room . Campbell pull away and look through another window , try to get a better idea of what 's happen . from the second window he can see a woman bound and gag . his breath quicken . he stand and kick the front door in and - - wake up suddenly in he live room Campbell sit up in he ez chair , apparently have fall asleep in the chair . it 's daylight . he look at the clock : 6:40 . ext . psychiatrist office - morning Campbell walk down the sidewalk . p ov from someone follow he a few foot behind . Campbell head toward the front door of polly 's building . int . psychiatrist's office , lobby downstair - continuous Campbell cross the polished granite floor of the expansive lobby and head toward a bank of elevator . he choose a elevator and enter . int . elevator - continuous Campbell punch he floor and lean against the wall . the door start to close but at the last second open again . griffin step in . griffin punch the same floor as Campbell and the two ride in silence , not look at each other . Campbell yawn . he look rather haggard froma night of little sleep . griffin Long night ? Campbell nod . they ride up the rest of the way in silence . ext . polly' floor - moment later Campbell step into the hallway and griffin step out behind he . Campbell walk down the hallway , griffin right behind he . he come to a fork in the hallway and take the leave corridor . Campbell follow . griffin grin . griffin be you follow I ? campbell I could ask you the same question . they share a small laugh and keep head down the hallway soon arrive at polly 's door . Campbell slow and for instant it seem as if griffin be go to stop too but he do not . he walk down the hall and Campbell duck inside . int . psychiatrist office - later Campbell sit fidget in a chair across from polly . campbell I do not have time to be here but I appreciate what you say last week and do not want you to think that I be walk away for the wrong reason . polly ( she smile ) how have the headache be ? campbell about the same . polly be you sleep ? campbell some . polly how 's work ? campbell it 's great . I be get so popular , I have get murder request I by name . polly let 's talk about that . how be you make sense of this man follow you here ? be ita vendetta ? campbell ( after a moment ) I do not think vengeance have anything to do with it . there 's a story , a ritual , in this , that he follow . over the year , I become part of the story . it do not make sense without I . polly in other word , he miss you . campbell odd be not it ? polly I do not know . do you miss he ? campbell what do you mean ? polly well the description you just give could apply to you , do not you think ? Campbell be take aback , unsure if he 's ready to concede she this point . after a moment , he phone ring . campbell Excuse I . ( into the phone ) Campbell . mitch ( 0.s. ) get a match on the print . campbell I will be right there . int . campbell' office - morning Campbell , ibby , and Mitch sit in Campbell 's office . Campbell read from a file folder . Mitch look wreck . he 's be here all night . campbell norton inglert . vagrancy 1987 . vagrancy 1991 . i.q. estimate at below eight zero which make he officially ... not griffin . ibby let 's pick he up . you get a last know address ? campbell yeah , a by-the-hour-motel where he stay eight year ago . Mitch get some sleep . diana , you wanna ride ? int . campbell' car - afternoon Campbell drive ; diana sit in the passenger seat . diana the report come in from the camera shop . lot of print everywhere . the lab 's run they to see if anything interesting turn up . campbell it will not . he have have be more careful than that . if he touch anything he have have wipe it clean . anyone see anything ? diana nope . there be one fun bit , though . he fill out the photo-order with you name and address . Campbell cringe . she smile . ext . dingy motel , downtown - later a disaffected clerk sit smoking behind the counter watch tv . cu on the tv as a day - time talkshow host stand in front three guest . host there 's five million people in this city ! how can nobody have know this poor girl ? how can this happen in the age of communication with email , fax , phone - guest # 1 ( pompous ) on the contrary , maggie . it could have only have happen in this age . this tool of communication allow we to function as a society with less and less real human interaction . Campbell and diana enter . the clerk do not even look up . campbell ( show a photo ) surprise I . tell I , that norton inglert still stay here . motel clerk ( glance at the photo ) norton inglert . nope . diana would fifty buck make he more likely to be here ? motel clerk for fifty buck I would tell you elvis ' get a room by the pool and give a free concert Thursday night but that do not make it so . he turn back to the tv . guest # 2 ( 0.s. ) I could not agree more with Don . a hundred year ago , she would have be live in a single structure with she parent , brother and sister , cousin ... back to the tv . Campbell and diana split . host that 's true , but I tell you what , it still irk I ! ( then point to the camera and smile ) next , after this , we take you call ! we have hundred of call wait and we will see how many we can get through ! int . campbell' car - afternoon Campbell drive with diana . his phone ring . campbell Campbell . hollis what up ' C '? I find you retard . campbell where ? hollis I will meet you . off the record , though . just I and you . my guy 's still undercover . ext . waterfront - night Campbell and hollis stand on the dock with jack fray ( 35 , long hair , leather jacket ) . jack so check it out . last year we be get close to the Russians . we nail this asshole with a pocket of rock and next thing we know he 's a first class U.S. citizen . he give up everyone he know and make up a few other for effect . campbell so ? jack so most of they be worthless . we have not even use they . do not want to blow we own cover . but one of the name be a retard name of norton they use as a drug mule . campbell you get a address ? jack not on the mule , but here 's the rat . he hand Campbell a folder . he snap it back . jack ( cont 'd ) you understand if this get on the street we could lose life ? Campbell nod and take the folder . campbell ( read ) stanislaw mikahailovich . possession . on probation . current address 859 West Washington . jack be careful , boy . he 's a pussy . but he 's a crazy pussy . ext . campbell' car - later Campbell and hollis step quietly from Campbell 's car . the guy gaze across and up the street at a dark house with six - foot weed in the yard and plywood over the window . ext . stanislaw's house - moment later Campbell and hollis stalk quietly up to the front door . Campbell kneel to the leave of the door , hollis to the right . Campbell nod . hollis bang loudly on the front door . hollis bang again and lean back down away from the door . voice ( 0.s. ) ( strong Russian accent ) who be it !? hollis Police ! open the door . ( then as a aside to Campbell ) oh , sorry , Campbell . ( shouting again ) the f.b.i. be here too ! voice ( 0.s. ) what you want ?! hollis we be sell ticket to the policeman 's ball , douche bag . blam ! blam ! Campbell hit the porch when the door partially disintegrate as stanislaw blast two round through it . hollis shrug , stand up , and kick the rest of the door in . Campbell make a circle with he index finger , and slink off the porch . int . stanislaw's house - continuous it 's pitch black . hollis walk inside . blam ! blam ! the house light up as someone unload from down the hallway . hollis do not even bother to duck . hollis okay , asshole . stop shoot . you can not even see I . how you be go shoot I ? blam ! the house flash brightly again . hollis walk down the hall , right towards the gunman . blam ! blam ! hollis ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) cut that shit out or I be gonna shoot you ass . blam ! click . the sound of the hammer against loud footstep can be hear rustling around the back of the house as the guy make a run for it . hollis run through the rest of the house . ext . stanislaw's house , backyard - continuous hollis burst out the back door just in time to see stanislaw fly end - over - end as Campbell clunk he in the shin with a two - by-four . hollis laugh heartily . int . stanislaw's live room - later Campbell and hollis interrogate stanislaw who sit cuffed to a dinette chair in the middle of he live room . he sit in he boxer short . hollis hold a fat copy of the Chicago white page . hollis ( casually ) 500 North carmine Avenue ? be that it ? stanislaw ( heavy accent ) you can not just come in here when you want to whenever ! I have immunity ! so fuck you ! hollis flip the book close and thump stanislaw back and forth across the face with it a couple time -- not too hard , just enough to shut he up and get he attention . hollis listen , standi - stamis - , uh , listen , coleslaw , we know the address be in here . ( he open the book again ) and we be go to stay right here until you tell it to we . 5789 rountree drive ? that it ? stanislaw fuck off . thump . thump . thump . stanislaw 's eye dart around as the intimidation set in . he look like a unwilling participant in a Three stooge skit . thump . thump . hollis ( again look at the book ) 413 Broadway ? stanislaw hesitates . thump . thump . thump . Campbell laugh , then suddenly pick stanislaw up and shove he against the wall . campbell " from each accord to he ability , to each accord to he need . ' you understand that ? be not that kremlin rhetoric ? now you see , we need some information and you have the ability to give it to we . stanislaw ( give up ) okay , okay . alright , here it be , alright ? he use to work at a fuck laundry mat , alright ? campbell where ? stanislaw on East elm near the lake , alright ? near the fuck lake . whatta I give a shit about some fuck retard ? ext . chicago - morning the sun rise over the cityscape . ext . laundromat , alley way - morning two unmark cop car pull up to the rear entrance of the laundromat . there 's a truck park at the back door and its cargo door and the back door to the laundromat be open . plainclothes cop step out of the car and loiter nearby , wait . Campbell and hollis walk casually up to the door . as they approach , the owner walk out from the back carry a enormous canvas bag of laundry on he shoulder . laundromat owner ( drop the bag ) can I help you ? campbell ( show badge ) special agent Campbell , f.b.i . this be Lieutenant mackie , Chicago Police . hollis ( show a picture ) do norton inglert still work here ? laundromat owner yes he do and he 's a good kid . I do not know what - campbell do you have a address ? laundromat owner of course , but he 's a good kid . whatever it be you guy - campbell the address ? now . the owner turn to walk inside . ext . laundromat - moment later hollis stand talk on he car radio . Campbell stand within earshot . hollis read from a small note pad . hollis 4240 crossbend Avenue . surveil only ! do not go inside ! surveil only ! nobody inside until I get there . int . psychiatrist's office - morning polly sit at she desk talk to a patient . polly usually , Mr. abraham , I do a introductory session where we explore what you hope to get out of therapy . if we both feel like I be the person to provide that for you then we will decide on a schedule together . cut back to reveal that it be griffin that she 's talk to . she set the tape recorder between they . griffin take note of the recorder . polly ( cont 'd ) I like to record my session . but if you prefer for I not to - griffin be that something that you do with all of you patient ? polly with most . do you prefer that I do not ? griffin no . I would rather you not . polly okay .... that 's fine . she put the recorder away . ext . norton's apartment - moment later Campbell arrive and jump out . the place be surround with cop and norton be already in custody , sit handcuff and very frighten in the back seat of a cruiser . the car be about to pull away . Campbell run toward it , flagging it down . campbell hey ! hey ! what the fu - the detective in charge jump in the way . detective in charge ( get in he face ) who the hell be you ? Campbell shove the detective out of he way and he slip , fall to one knee . he pop back up angrily and shove Campbell . they eye each other dangerously . hollis hey ! hey ! back the fuck up ! we be on tv here people . he point to a camera crew and reporter that have just arrive , camera roll . detective in charge ( dismissively ) I have to make a decision , Lieutenant , he be on the move . I have to make a decision . campbell bullshit . the only decision you make be whether or not to be a hero in the biggest case this city 's see in decade and we know which way you come out on that , you fuck prick . hollis ( still hold they apart ) Campbell , let 's go to the district office , you can talk to he there . detective in charge ( laugh , cocky ) there 's not much leave to talk about . Franklin find a shirt with blood on the sleeve and the fuck loony could not confess fast enough . you should of see it , hollis , he 's blabbing away and I be in he face try to read he mirandas fast enough to use the goddamn confession . Campbell and hollis turn and walk away . int . psychiatrist's office - day griffin continue he session with polly . polly you say you feel like you might need help . in what area ? griffin I be not sure . what kind of help do you provide ? polly ahhhhhhh . well , I work with patient on many different issue - griffin I do not like when you say " issue ' . it just bother I . do not do that . ( she 's take aback by this ) do you think some of you patient might pay to come see you because you be very pretty ? polly ( try to regain control ) Mr. abraham let 's try to keep focus on you rather than I ... it be clear that she do not like she newest patient . int . interrogation room - continuous Campbell sit across from norton , who be quite scared . campbell norton , I know that you be afraid , but I be try to help you . norton ( grow more upset ) okay . I be sorry . I be sorry . campbell why do not you tell I what you be sorry for ? do you hurt she ? norton I look at she . norton grow very shy . campbell norton , do she see you look at she ? norton no . campbell how would the blood get on you sleeve , norton ? do you touch she ? ext . room adjacent to the interrogation room - continuous hollis and several other be watch from behind the glass . norton yeah . campbell do you hurt she when you touch she ? norton I do not know . campbell do she scream or tell you to stop touch she ? norton no . she be asleep . campbell ( to the mirror ) impressive work , guy . norton , listen to I . you be not go to be in trouble anymore . norton do not respond . campbell ( cont 'd ) norton , do you see someone else hurt she ? do you see someone else at the apartment ? after a long moment , norton nod he head ' yes ' . Campbell sit up excitedly . campbell ( cont 'd ) okay , norton , I want to play a little game with you now , okay ? we be go to try to drawa picture of the man you see . just then jackson ( the d.a. ) and mendel ( a defense attorney ) burst into the interrogation room with hollis and two uniform at they heel . mendel this interrogation be over ! Campbell stand . norton cower away from the commotion . campbell who the hell be you ? mendel I be he attorney . campbell it be not a interrogation to begin with . hollis , we gotta get a sketch artist in here . he see the guy . mendel no we do not ' gotta ' do anything . ( to the uniform ) escort this man back to he cell . the cop grab norton by the arm and lift he out he chair . no , campbell no , no . he may have see the guy kill she . he 'sa peeping Tom , that 's all . he must of touch she body . for godsake , I be try to help he here . oh , mendel ( sarcastic ) we be sure you be , agent Campbell . and we appreciate that . Campbell look to hollis who shrug . norton have already be lead out of the room . ext . district office - moment later Campbell and hollis stand outside the district office . hollis let I talk to he lawyer . I know a guy who know a guy that can put some pressure . campbell get I a fuck sketch of this guy and we can nail he ! do not let this disappear . Campbell turn and walk away , disgust . ext . chicago a young girl heavy boot , stamp she STREET - night ( jessica ) wear a very dirty army jacket , and other punk -rock accessory stand foot against the cold on a busy sidewalk bum change . she approach several passersby all of whom ignore she . jessica Excuse I , spare some change for a room ? it 's cold tonight .... Sir ... ma'am I do not sell enough girl scout cookie and ... dad ! do not you recognize I . it 's I ! her hope deflate . another passerby approach . jessica ( cont 'd ) Sir , spare some change ? cut to she Pov reveal that griffin be the passerby . he do not answer but he stop . jessica ( cont 'd ) spare some change , mister ? griffin ( disarmingly direct ) what be you do out here ? jessica ( very girlish ) spange . spare change . griffin do not you have a job or anything ? jessica yeah , right . and I can buy the fuckin station wagon full of scream kid ? fuck that very much . the revolution 's come . you wait . griffin well , I very much doubt that . but I do admire you ideal . somehow when you get older they all seem to just go away . jessica yeah , whatever . so can you spare ' some change or what ? griffin only if you dance with I . jessica ( laugh , surprised ) shut up . griffin I be serious . he hold he hand out to she . she smile and blushes , a very young girl again . jessica there 's no music . griffin I will hum for we . he begin hum out the rhythm . she take he arm and he lead she through a few step . jessica ( giggle ) you better give I some money . griffin I will . she stop suddenly , laugh too hard to continue . jessica I can not . I can not . just give I some money . griffin ( laugh with she ) you can . c'mon . he start hum again . she take he hand with a laugh and they dance again . int . polly' office - night a form move across the moonlit window . a moment later a flashlight pop on . Pov , light by the flashlight , as a file cabinet drawer slide open . as a hand rifle through the file . he get to ' Joel Campbell ' and pull the file . he open another drawer and pull Campbell 's tape , carefully replace the plastic cover so that from a casual glimpse that do not appear to be miss . CUT to : a dark room , the only light from a photocopier repeatedly cope page , the light eerily create a intermittent silhouette . ext . chicago - morning a wide shot of the cityscape . int . campbell' office - morning Campbell sit behind he desk look through the crime scene photo and other evidence . after a few second , one of the overhead florescent light begin to flicker . immediately , Campbell cover both eye and cower from the light . campbell ( call out ) somebody give I a hand ! can somebody turn out the light in here for a minute !? no answer . Campbell stand up , he eye still close . campbell ( cont 'd ) ( lose patience ) can someone grab this light for I !? after another couple second , Campbell lose it . he jerk the keyboard of he commuter free from the desk and hurl it overhead into the bank of fluorescent , send glass and the keyboard crash back down with a great clatter . hear the commotion , diana run into he office . diana what the hell be that ? campbell ( keyboard in hand ) sorry to disturb . flicker light trigger migraine faster than anything else . he toss the keyboard onto the desk casually . she shake she head and shrug . diana great to have you around , Campbell . add great color . Campbell 's secretary pop she head in he office behind diana . campbell' secretary agent Campbell ? this come for you a few minute ago . he turn to look at she . she hold up a fed-ex envelope . campbell' secretary ( cont 'd ) ( clueless ) do you want it ? int . campbell' office - later Campbell , ibby , Mitch , and diana stand in front of another gallery of poster - extreme closeup of every inch of the frame . almost everything be out of focus except for she face . mitch this be just blow straight up . they be try to pull some of this shit into better focus . campbell this be shot with a long lens to get the shallow depth of field which be go to make it hard . he 's try to give we as little context as possible . diana it 's work . campbell at least this one 's outside . where be she sit ? let 's start there . get someone from the city in here . let 's see if they recognize the sidewalk or the parking meter or anything else . diana I be on it . Campbell look closely at a shot of a tattoo on she forearm . campbell Mitch , put a picture in every tattoo parlor in Chicago . mitch get it . int . police headquarters , PRESS room - later again , hollis address the PRESS . this time , however , there be more than a hundred reporter and photographer . aggressive reporter would you say that the arrival of the photo call into question the arrest the department have - hollis ( on edge ) - the arrest be base on very strong evidence and we department stand by it . if it turn out that the killer be still at large then we obviously will release the suspect as quickly as be feasible . several reporter blurt question . int . f.b.i. headquarters - later the row of young agent settle into they chair in front of bank of phone . int . local news room - later the daytime anchorwoman address the camera . jessica 's picture be on the screen above she shoulder . anchorwoman Police release this photograph just moment ago . this woman appear to be the next target in this horrifying game of cat and mouse . montage . shot of various citizen watching the news . ext . STREET corner - later jessica sit in the doorway of a condemn building chat with a young kid with a skateboard about she age . skater watch , watch check it out . the skater try a trick on he skateboard , busting he ass with great flare . jessica laugh hysterically . skater ( cont 'd ) ( sweetly ) what be you laugh at ? that 's the trick . you know how long it take I to learn that for you ? jessica laugh again . int . f.b.i. headquarters - later a tech sit in front of a twenty - inch computer screen on which one section of the photo have be blow up . as Campbell and company watch , the photo slowly come into clearer focus . rachel ( from city plan ) look over he shoulder . she point to the base of a street lamp . rachel look like she 's sit next to a old cast- iron street lamp . campbell which put she where ? she turn and push open a grid-map of the city and take a magic-marker and draw a fairly large rectangle . rachel somewhere in the old town area . a lot of territory . Campbell look disappointed . ext . STREET corner - later Close on a stack of newspaper next to a sidewalk newsstand . jessica 's face be on the cover . pull back and track down the street a few dozen foot and reveal jessica panhandle in she usual spot . no one even look at she . jessica dad ! it 's I , do not you recognize I ? I have the plastic surg - ( the guy keep walk ) - hey , man , can I bum a smoke ? ( a second guy shake he head ) then how bout a few buck for a pack ? ( he keep walk ) hi ! spare some change , I be - ext . rooftop - afternoon griffin sit in a plastic lawn chair wear a bathing suit , headphone , and sunglass . polly ( 0.s. ) ( from the walkman ) in other word , he miss you . just like you miss he . campbell ( 0.s. ) what do you mean ? polly ( 0.s. ) well the description you just give could apply to you , do not you think ? griffin smile and push rewind then play again . polly ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) - description you just give could apply to you , do not you think ? int . woman' live room - afternoon wanda ( 57 ) have a hammer in one hand , nail in she mouth , and a large glass frame inspirational poster in she hand which she 's attempt to hang by herself . ' on the tv behind she we hear a CNN special report . CNN reporter ( 0.s. ) it appear that the murder may be link to a serial killer in the Los Angeles area . cu of the tv screen . a photo of jessica fill the screen . CNN reporter ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) at this point , the woman police be call " Jane two " have not yet be locate and all that involved be very concerned about she well be . wanda turn around and see jessica on the television and drop the poster , send glass shatter across the live room . int . campbell' office - later Campbell peruse the photo one last time with the magnify glass . he stop and hold he view for a beat on a black mesh trash receptor of the same black and chrome design as the chair jessica sit in . ibby rush into the office . everyone look up . ibby we get Jane 's mother on the phone ! ext . f.b.i. headquarters - moment later Three f.b.i. vehicle ( include Campbell 's car ) race out of the gate and onto the street . ext . suburban chicago - later the vehicle race toward wanda 's two -story victorian home . the house be surround by local police car . Campbell , Mitch , and diana run toward the front door . wanda 's hysterical scream can be hear . int . wanda's foyer / live room - continuous Campbell take in the scene : three cop , several neighbor , and wanda's sister surround wanda , who sob hysterically , and mumble a prayer . campbell ( take over the scene ) Mrs. stendhal , I be agent Joel Campbell with the f.b.i . wanda continue to sob . wanda 's sister she do not know anything ! can not you see what kinda shape she 's in - campbell I can see that but if we do not find she daughter she 's - wanda 's sister ( almost scream ) she do not know anything ! campbell what do you mean she do not know anything ? wanda 's sister jessica run away almost two year ago . we do not know where she be . campbell ( take a breath ) who be you ? wanda 's sister I be the girl 's aunt . wanda 's sister . campbell ( to the cop ) hey ! clear everyone else out of the house . let 's get some quiet in here right now . ( to the sister ) help I with she for a few minute and then we will leave she alone . deal ? sit with she . Campbell turn to Mitch . campbell ( cont ’d ) start with outreach program for runaway . get they she picture . where do teen runaway hang out ? mitch Broadway and belmont area . campbell get everyone you can down there with she picture . start with CD shop , convenience store , video arcade , fast food joint , anywhere else kid would go and then fan out from there . he turn back to wanda , who still sob . he she . campbell ( cont ’d ) Mrs. stendhal ? I know that no one want we to find jessica more than you do , but in order for that to happen , you be go to have to help we out . kneel with she just continue to sob . he sigh . campbell ( cont ’d ) ( to the sister ) okay , listen , spend a few minute with she . calm she down . can I take a look at jessica 's room ? int . circuit CITY - later jessica 's face be plaster across 40 television screen at circuit City . the nighttime anchorman' voice boom through the store . anchorman ( 0.s. ) jessica stendhal . that be this young woman 's name . she be sixteen year old and think to be live somewhere in Chicago . Police have locate the young woman 's mother but unfortunately they have not locate jessica . int . jessica 's room - later Campbell and diana stand somberly in jessica 's room , rifling through jessica 's belonging , which wanda have leave untouched . the wall be cover with poster , magazine cutout , etc . Campbell note a ' tony Hawk ' skateboard poster as well as poster for ' the offspre ' , ' hole ' , and other . he note a light blue fender stratocaster electric guitar . on the table be several issue of ' thrasher Magazine ' ( a skateboard magazine ) . campbell make a couple call for I . get a picture to every skateboard shop and park and the guitar shop close to belmont and Broadway . I be go to look for she letter and - wanda ( 0.s. ) there be not any . Campbell and diana turn to see wanda and she sister in the doorway . wanda 's calm somewhat . wanda ( cont ’d ) she never write anybody . she do call two or three time after she disappear . campbell do she say where she be call from ? wanda she would not tell we anything . she always want to talk to the damn dog . she would make I put the phone up to it and she would coo and make baby - talk . campbell can you remember anything at all about that call ? anything might help . wanda what do it matter ? it 's all lie anyway . she 's on drug . we do what we could . she begin to sob again . her sister pat she shoulder . wanda ( cont ’d ) she say all kind of thing . I never know what to believe . she have a new boyfriend . a lawyer . yeah right ! she call once to say she have a job at the Starbucks . Campbell look at a clock on the wall . 5:10 . int . campbell' car / hollis 's office - moment later Campbell race through traffic . the sun be just beginning to disappear behind the horizon . he talk to hollis on the cell - phone . hollis bad news . she do not work nor have she ever work for Starbucks . campbell goddamnit ! that can not be right . look at the picture , hollis . she 's sit at a coffee shop . hollis ( look at the photo ) I do not know . just look like a chair to I . could be anywhere . campbell look at the trash can next to she hollis look at the wire mesh trash can . campbell ( cont ’d ) see what 's in it ? White paper cup . she 's sit ata fuck Starbucks . hollis ( stand ) I will see what I can do . hollis open the map of the city . int . starbucks downtown - evening a young cop show the staff behind the counter a picture of jessica . young cop her name be jessica stendhal . be you sure you have not see she ? the kid all shake they head . int . different starbucks - night another cop show a picture of jessica . int . different starbucks - night another cop talk to a clerk behind the counter . starbucks clerk totally , man . she come in here all the time . the cop reach for he radio and lift it to he mouth . int . hollis ' office - night match CUT to hollis lift he phone to he mouth . hollis positive id . the Starbucks on lincoln and Wisconsin . campbell ( 0.s. ) meet you there . ext . starbucks - night it 's now quite dark as dozen of uniform policemen roam the area , pass out hundred of black and white flier with jessica 's picture on they . most people do not even want to take the flier . int . abandoned build , tenth floor - night most of the interior wall have be tear down on the top floor of this abandon , turn - of - the century office tower leave a wide - open space that make for a great moonlit playground for jessica and she skater friend . he stand on he skateboard hold she hand as she run , pull he in and out of the support beam slalom style . int . starbucks - continuous Campbell and hollis question the clerk . Mitch stand nearby . starbucks clerk yeah , I tell the other dude she come in but she do not work here . I let she use the bathroom , you know ? campbell do you have any idea how we can find she ? where she life ? starbucks clerk dude , she life on the street . ext . starbucks - night Campbell walk out into the night air , unsure what he next move should be . he watch a couple uniform cop pass out flier with jessica 's picture on they . several people do not even look at the flier , simply shaking they head as they pass . a businessman brushes off one of the cop with a shrug . Campbell lose it , run wildly up to the cop and grab he flier and chase down the businessman , and spin he around roughly . campbell look at the fucking picture ! have you see this girl ? the businessman be shake up by Campbell 's assault but after a moment he manage to look at the photo . businessman no . I be sorry - Campbell push he away and turn to the next nearest passerby and again scare they into pay attention . campbell you ! look at this girl 's face ! do you know she ? have you see she ? passerby no , I - - campbell look at she before you answer ! passerby ( look ) no . I do not know she . Campbell spin and aggressively approach another passerby . int . wanda's live room - night wanda sit in she sister 's arm , cry quietly . int . abandoned build , tenth floor - night jessica and the skater sit huddle together around a fire that they have build from scrap of cardboard and sheet rock . a small cheap jambox play a bauhaus song . skater I have to go . I be sorry . I be so late . jessica can I go with you ? can I sneak in you room ? skater we can not , jess , last time we get catch my dad go ballistic . do not be sad , jessie . I gotta split . he stand up to leave . ext . abandoned build - night next to the building , the skater duck a chain link fence and step into the alley . he turn on the sidewalk and head toward Campbell who , fifty foot away , continue to flag down pass pedestrian . the kid almost skate right by Campbell who talk to a young woman , but Campbell hear the sound of wheel against the concrete and spin around . his gaze land on the kid 's board . campbell ( hold up he hand ) stop , wait ! the skater clock Campbell for a cop . skater what ? I do not do anything . campbell I do not say you do . ( he hold up picture ) do you know this girl ? she 's about you - the surprise on he face be evident . skater fuck you , cop . I do not know shit . campbell bullshit . listen to I - the kid suddenly make a break for it , darting across traffic and almost get squash . brake squeal and horn blare . hollis look up and catch a glimpse of Campbell chase the kid right toward where he be stand . the kid see hollis and veer into a alley . hollis drop he flier and run after they . int . abandoned build , tenth floor - later jessica lie quietly , alone in front of the die fire , huddle in a dirty sleep bag to ward off the cold . reverse to what would be jessica 's Pov if she turn around and we see a figure silhouett against the Chicago skyline . ext . chicago alley way - continuous the skater try to out sprint hollis but hollis catch he , tackle he roughly onto the dirty concrete . the skater come up swinging , kick , bite , scratch and scream . hollis try to restrain he without hurt he . skater Fucking cop ! fuck you ! I do not do shit ! fuck you ! let go . Campbell catch up , look around to make sure no one 's look , and then open-hand slap the shit out of the kid . campbell if you do not help I , right now , a man be go to wrap piano wire around she neck so viciously it will almost sever she head . int . abandoned build , tenth floor - later jessica sit by the fire . her face tighten as she sense someone behind she but she do not turn around . the figure approach the firelight revealing that it be in fact griffin . though she be clearly nervous , she try not to let it show . jessica hi. griffin hi . what be you listen to ? jessica bauhaus . griffin ( sing ) bela logosi 's dead . bela logosi 's dead . jessica no way . you know it ? here , let I turn it up . she sit up and adjust the volume , casually pick up the jambox in the process and then smacking it into griffin 's face . she stand up and sprint through the darkness . ext . chicago STREET - continuous the skater now lead hollis and Campbell on a full - run back to the abandon building . as they cross the main street near the Starbucks , hollis radio for back up . int . abandoned build , tenth floor - continuous griffin now run through the darkness in the direction jessica have go . she make it across the top floor and to the stairwell . int . abandoned build , stairwell - continuous it 's pitch black and only shape can be see . heavy breathing and footstep fill the empty space . after make it down two flight of stair , she come to a close door ( which , know the building , she have expect ) and have to run across another abandon floor . int . abandoned build , seventh floor - continuous unlike the top floor , however , the kid have not kick down all the interior wall of this floor . griffin close in right behind she . she know she can not out run he so she make the dangerous decision to duck into one of the old office , initiate a deadly game of hide and seek . ext . chicago STREET - continuous the skater , Campbell , and hollis sprint through traffic . int . abandoned build , seventh floor - continuous jessica have manage to crawl from office space to office space , apparently unseen by griffin . several time she have to make the horrifying leap from behind one wall to another expose herself briefly in the moonlight as she inch she way toward the other stairwell . ext . abandoned build - continuous downstair , the skater lead Campbell and hollis under the chain - link fence and into the building . int . abandoned build , stairwell - continuous Campbell , hollis , and the kid run up the stair . skater ( breathe hard ) she sleep on the top floor . int . abandoned build , seventh floor - continuous Campbell , hollis and the kid burst through the stairwell and onto the seventh floor ( where we last see jessica ) . a shadow pass the light ahead . Campbell stop short and put a hand on the kid 's chest . hollis immediately pull the boy back into the stairwell . Campbell move quickly , gun draw , down the main corridor toward the direction he see the shadow . he fire five shot instinctively as griffin leap from the darkness and into the stairwell . int . abandoned build , stairwell - continuous in the stairwell , griffin slam he weight into a steel door ( lead down to the next floor ) but the door will not budge . after a couple try he turn and head up the stair . griffin run up the stair . Campbell pound the metal stair below he . int . abandoned build , tenth floor - moment later griffin reach the top floor and cross as fast as he can toward another stairwell . Campbell kick the door open and take four more shot at he figure . again , griffin go untouched . he make it to the other stairwell and head toward the roof . ext . abandoned build - continuous dozen of other cop pour into the building . two police helicopter hover over the building , spotlight sweeping the brick and break window . ext . abandoned build , roof - continuous griffin run onto the roof . shortly thereafter , the police helicopter have he in they spotlight . Campbell burst onto the roof and run full - sprint toward griffin , shoot insanely without break stride . griffin spot a smaller office building below ; he sprint and leap from the roof over a alley way , tumble as he land two storey below . Campbell follow he dangerously across the alley . at the other end of the building , griffin jump again , this time to a even lower building . ext . chicago STREET - continuous a wide shot of storefront as griffin hurdle from one rooftop to the next as he finally elude the searchlight and disappear between building , Campbell right on he heel ext . alley - continuous we pick up griffin mid-air a second before he land foot first on the explode windshield of a truck . he tumble off and steal down the alley . Campbell jump across the alleyway to a nearby fire escape and quickly jump from level to level , until he reach bottom level . he jump into the alley and chase griffin . obviously , this will all depend on location and story board . the general point be to include campbell in the chase all the way until the gas station . siren wail from all direction as griffin slink down another alley . he come upon a beat - up old lincoln . he pick up a metal trashcan and smashes out a window . Campbell round the corner , way down the block , in time to see the light come on and hear the car start . he pick up he pace , sprinting as fast as he can . halfway down the alley , he miss a step and slip to one knee . he hold he heart and shake he leave arm . he struggle to shake it off and pick back up the chase . ext . chicago street - moment later the lincoln ease onto a nearby street , but within second several cop car be on he ass . Campbell run out of the alley , still chase he on foot and almost get hit by a police cruiser . he slam he fist on the hood and signal the startle cop to get out of he car . Campbell hold up he badge . campbell special agent Campbell . I head the FBI / Chicago PD task force which mean I rank you which mean I be take you car . griffin punch the accelerator , round a corner and come face to face with a road block which he simply blast through , send wooden saw-horse and cop fly . a moment later , Campbell race through the same intersection . griffin speed another block before come up on stop traffic at a red light , Campbell close in behind he . griffin jump a median and pass the stop car in the oncoming lane . he race across the busy intersection and almost make it through but get clipped by a pick - up truck and lose control , jump the sidewalk and smashing through a glass and plastic bus-stop before side - swiping a row of three gas pump . ext . gas station - continuous Three mushroom of gas spray out of the ground shower griffin 's lincoln and drench the parking lot . griffin sit , calmly wait as cop car converge from every direction . Campbell get out of he car and draw he weapon . several cop do the same . he wait . more and more cop pull up . he calmly shift the car in gear and toss a Zippo lighter out the window . the entire area explode . a block away , griffin race down the side street and disappear . ext . chicago - night aerial shot of the wreckage . the gas station still burn . charre cop car . dozen of other cop park here and there . ambulance . the shot track two block revealing other car accident and the abandon building which be still swarm with cop . the shot lower and close in on a seventh -story window . closer and closer -- dissolve through the window - - int . abandoned build , seventh floor - continuous a dozen or so cop and feds work the crime scene . Campbell crouch next to jessica 's bloody body , she face etched with death . he look into she eye for a long moment then lower he head in a gesture that suggest a very deep surrender . fade to black : int . campbell' live room - day Campbell 's apartment look worse than usual . it 's dark dusty and it look as if it have be ransacke . he be nowhere to be see , but ibby 's voice can be hear through the door . ibby ( 0.s. ) Campbell !? you okay ? open the door . int . campbell' build , hallway - day ibby and Mitch stand in the hallway outside Campbell 's apartment . ibby bang on the door loudly . he give up and turn to Mitch . ibby open it . Mitch pull a small electronic device from he pocket and kneel in front of the door . the device look something like a handheld screwdriver with a modify tip . Mitch insert the tip into the keyhole and whirs the machine to life . there 's a short rattle before the knob turn and ibby push the door open . int . campbell' live room - day ibby and Mitch enter the dank apartment , concerned by its appearance . ibby open the bedroom door and see Campbell 's leg hang out of the bathroom floor . he and Mitch rush over . int . campbell' bedroom / bathroom - continuous ibby lean over Campbell and try to rouse he . he be pale white and the bathroom be a mess . ibby check he pulse . ibby ( to Mitch ) Jesus , he 's freezing cold . call a paramedic ! but just then Campbell rouse awake . Campbell press he hand to he head . campbell ( wheeze ) ibby , a paramedic show up at this apartment I swear to you I will shoot they . he shake ibby 's arm loose from he clothes and sit up against the bathroom counter . Campbell try to stand but immediately slump back to one knee , gasp for breath . his eye go wide with confusion and pain . ibby ( to Mitch ) call they ! int . campbell' hospital room - day Campbell lie in bed , semi-conscious . ibby and a doctor hover over he . the doctor hold a small rubber toy in the shape of a martian . doctor the blood pressure get too great for one of the vein in you heart and it collapse . sound worse than it be . it will bea minor procedure call a angio - plasty . we will stick a small balloon through a scope and into the collapse vein and boop ! we open it back up . she squeeze the toy cause it 's martian head to triple in size and its eye and ear to pop out cartoonishly . campbell ( to Mitch ) it 's out of the question . I will have to put it off . ibby bullshit . doctor absolutely not . you heart muscle be not get the oxygen it need . the tissue be die . I want to go into the o.r. be ight now . two , three day here , another week of rest and then you can start back easy , a few hour a day . look , I have a daughter at University of Chicago . I want to get you back in shape as much as anyone . ( squeeze the toy again ) trust I . Campbell close he eye , overwhelm by a sense of futility . ext . police district - day outside the police district office , a crowd of bystander , reporter , and photographer makeshift police barricade between the door van . a moment later four cop exit the building , norton who wear a orange prison jumpsuit . of hundred crowd a and a police escort cop work the barricade try to hold everyone back as they all surge forward to get a look or ask a question . hollis take in the scene with disgust . pop ! pop ! pop ! suddenly everyone hit the ground and scatter as three shot be fire from close range . norton slump to the ground bleed from two bullet wound . one cop have also be hit . the rest of the cop draw they weapon on a older man in light blue sansa-belt slack and a golf shirt who stand hold a small - caliber revolver . the cop wrestle he to the ground . ext . police district - moment later norton lay on a stretcher next to a ambulance . the area be chaotic . one paramedic pump he chest ; another paramedic have a oxygen mask over he mouth . hollis hover next to the paramedics , cring at he terrible state . after a few second , norton stir and cry out in pain . paramedic ( to she co-worker ) he 's conscious ! ( to hollis ) talk to he ! try to keep he alert ! hollis I ? shit I do not know what to say ! paramedic just talk to he ! say the alphabet ! anything ! hollis ( frazzle ) hey ! norton ! hang in there , man . we be go to the hospital right now ! you be look good . paramedic his blood pressure 's drop ! hollis it 's not my fault ! paramedic I be not talk to you ! hollis oh. sorry . ( back to norton , as if to a child ) what else , what else ? let 's see ... I have a retarded cousin once . Bet you do not know that , do you ? he die though . the paramedics work faster to try to save he but hollis sense that it 's over and stop talk . int . campbell' hospital room - afternoon Campbell watch a special report on the local news broadcast from outside the station . female reporter the gunman be report to be padgett weaver , the recent murder victim 's sixty - six year - old father who have just arrive in Chicago . when ask why he do not trust the justice system to do its job , Mr. weaver say simply , " I be a old man and I do not have time for that crap . " Campbell sigh and toss he hand in the air at this . just then , polly enter the room tentatively . campbell ( pleased to see she ) you do not have to come here . polly something tell I you would not have come to I . campbell ( point at the tv ) D ' you see they shot my witness ? it 's like someone 's make up new way to be ridiculous . polly maybe you should get you nerve all bound up in a knot about it . ( click off the tv ) I can not believe they let you watch that thing . campbell how else be I go to know what 's go on ? ibby 's get everyone on a vow of silence . polly when 's the last time you eat ? be you allow to eat anything besides the shit they serve here ? campbell probably not but let 's order something anyway . polly how 's thai ? my favorite joint be just around the corner . int . f.b.i. headquarters , garage area - morning Mitch , diana , and several forensic tech , stand under a dirty late model sedan that have be lift on a mechanic 's lift . all of the door be wide open . the back window have be shot out , and the front fender and grill be damage . the car appear to be the one hollis and Campbell chase a few night ago . forensic tech we find two of the slug imbed in the frame . diana no other physical evidence ? forensic tech not yet , but give a guy a break . this thing be in the river three hour ago . just then , Campbell 's secretary come into the room hold a 8 ' X 10 ' envelope . campbell' secretary Excuse I , agent casper ? this come for agent Campbell and I think you - mitch how would it get here !? campbell' secretary ( clueless ) it just come in the regular mail . Mitch snatch the envelope from she hand and wave at diana . mitch ( head out of the room ) let 's do it . get mackie on the phone . get a copy to he . I be go to get with ibby . int . police headquarters , PRESS room - morning again , hollis address a battery of reporter . hollis good morning and thanks for you attention . my comment today will be brief . as most of you know , we have receive another photograph . the bank of reporter all blurt question at once . int . campbell' hospital room - morning Campbell sit in bed , look totally wreck . he watch hollis finish he address on tv . hollis ( calming the reporter ) no , no , no . I be not answer question today . I be only here to pass on the photograph and request that you continue to help we in this investigation . that be all . Campbell sit with no noticeable expression of emotion on he face . he seem truly defeat . anchorwoman ( 0.s. ) Police detective hollis mackie inform we that this terrible game will continue today . here be a photograph of the killer 's latest target . Campbell suddenly react strongly to the television . he half stand up , almost stumbling out of bed . he pull the iv from he arm , still not take he eye off the tv . we still can not see what he see , though he reaction make we wish we could . int . hollis ' car / mitch office - day - intercut hollis race along talk to Mitch on the cell phone . mitch Mitch casper . hollis it 's mackie . I be look for Campbell . he 's not at the hospital . mitch yeah , they just call to inform we of that very fact . nobody know where he be . hollis maybe he 's at home ? i'1l drop by there . mitch there 's really no way to tell , be there ? he hang up the phone and wheel the car around the opposite direction . int . hollis ' car - day hollis screech to a halt outside of Campbell 's apartment , leave he car double - park . he run up to the front door . int . campbell' build , hallway - day hollis bang loudly on Campbell 's door . hollis hey ! open the goddamn door ! hey ! Campbell ? you okay ?! he sigh , step away from the door and kick it open . int . campbell' live room - continuous hollis enter Campbell 's stuffy , messy apartment . hollis Jesus , man . you gotta get a may . Campbell ?! hollis quickly search the kitchen ( small and visible from the live room ) and the bedroom ( he open the door and can tell it 's empty ) . hollis try one last door . it 's lock . he knock loudly . hollis ( cont 'd ) Campbell ? he try the door again , jiggling the knob very hard . it do not budge . hollis ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) this be become a habit . whack ! he kick the door in . the room appear to be a walk - in closet . Inside , cardboard box be stack from floor to ceiling . int . campbell' closet - continuous hollis step inside the room , curiously . he open a box and pull out some file - folder - crime scene photo , report , etc . griffin 's name be everywhere . this be obviously Campbell 's personal file on griffin . hollis notice several burn down candle . he turn around and see a thin white sheet cover one wall of the closet . he lift the sheet and try to peer under . a look of confusion wash over he face . he yank the sheet from the wall , send tack fly . the sheet drop down to reveal the enormous photographic collage we see in the open credit . its true scope and detail be reveal for the first time . it span the entire wall and look as if it be methodically , obsessively paste together . hollis ( awe-struck ) what the fuck ? he reach into he jacket pocket and pull out a fold white piece of paper . he unfold the paper and look at it : it be a flier with a photo of the next victim . he hold it close to the collage to reveal that it be the woman in the collage . hollis ( cont 'd ) Jesus , Campbell , what be this ? his eye dart around the collage . he read the newspaper clipping : inquiry clear agent of negligence . he see Campbell 's name in all of the article . griffin 's name be in several as well . the name ' Lisa Alexander ' be also everywhere . the birthday card read " Love , Lisa " . he scan quickly try to make sense of what he 's see . death toll climb to nineteen . agent begins indefinite leave . hollis glance at something that click . it 's a photograph of a cemetery . a closer shot of a headstone show the engrave to be ' Lisa Alexander . 1964-1999 ' int . campbell' live room - moment later hollis step out of the closet and toward the front door . on the tv there be a picture of Lisa Alexander . CNN reporter ( 0.s. ) ... at this time police have not locate the young woman who they have reason to believe ... int . campbell' car - afternoon Campbell drive through light traffic . he round a corner and we see the cemetery from the photograph through the windshield . Campbell pull into the desert parking lot and step out . ext . campbell' build - afternoon hollis run down the front stair . he hop in he car . ext . cemetery - afternoon Campbell walk through the graveyard , unhurry but deliberate . he round a corner and stop short . griffin sit on the grave we see Campbell lean against earlier . Campbell draw he gun and walk slowly over . griffin notice he . griffin hey Campbell ! how 's you heart , pal ? here have a beer , it will make it feel better . here . griffin toss he a beer but Campbell side - step it , let drop to the ground . he load a shell into the chamber of he 'mm , still try to make sense of the situation . griffin ( cont 'd ) tell I something , Campbell . do you move two thousand mile to live near this woman 's grave ? griffin take a drink out of he beer . Campbell tighten he grip on the pistol . he take dead aim at griffin 's forehead . griffin ( cont 'd ) it 's true , be not it ? man , you gotta get out more . I mean be this a satisfy relationship ? ( pick a flower and pluck pedal ) she love I ... she 's decompose ... she love I ... she 's decompose . campbell ( lowering the gun ) why do not we talk about what we be do here . be this it ? you here to give yourself up ? griffin why do not you ever tell anyone you lay pipe with she ? just cause she be marry ? campbell ( lose patience ) we do not seem to be communicate . let I be clear with you , I have no problem with shoot you dead where you sit . griffin well you do have one problem . griffin toss he beer and fish a business card out of he pocket . Campbell quickly raise he gun . griffin do not even flinch . careful to keep he gun train on griffin , Campbell reach and take the card . it read : polly beilman , ph.d . it be badly stain with blood . Campbell wince . griffin ( cont 'd ) if I be dead , you friend polly plan to meet a rather gruesome fate involve candlelight and quite a large pool of kerosene . Campbell look at he for a long moment , weigh he option . griffin ( cont 'd ) you know something about attractive woman burn alive , do not you ? tell I , what be it like ? could you smell she flesh burn ? Campbell flick polly 's business card toward griffin , it flutter away and land in the grass . campbell you have already kill she . griffin c'mon . you know I better than that . that 's not even she blood . campbell take I to see she then . griffin oh , I do not know about that . let 's just sit here and talk for a little while . campbell we will talk once I see she . I have to know if there 's anything to talk about . griffin look at he for a long beat . Campbell lower he gun , take a breath and hand it to griffin who be surprised by the gesture . campbell ( cont 'd ) c'mon , take it . I trust you . I just need to see that she 's all right and then we will talk . griffin shrug and take the gun . griffin Fine . let 's go . they turn and take a few step . blam ! griffin shoot the ground , startling Campbell . griffin ( cont 'd ) wow . it 's load . Campbell relax and they take a few more step . blam ! griffin laugh . blam ! int . hollis ' car - evening hollis race dangerously through traffic . int . griffin be sedan - evening Campbell drive , seethe with anger ; griffin set Campbell 's gun on the seat next to he . griffin you look older since you be in LA . you look more and more like you father . Campbell turn to look at he . griffin ( cont 'd ) relax , I never hurt he . I just use to go visit he in the home . towards the end , he could not tell the difference between we so I just tell he I be you . it make he happy , that you be there . campbell listen to I , griffin . what do you want ? I want you to think about what you need . I can try to get you that and we can make a exchange . anything that you need for Ms. beilman 's safety . griffin you be all I need , Campbell . ext . highway - continuous griffin 's car cruise along on the freeway . ext . cemetery - evening hollis ' car be park in the desert lot . he stand nearby search a directory of the cemetery plot . ext . cemetery , grave site - moment later hollis stand over Lisa Alexander 's grave . griffin 's picnic beer bottle be still strewn about . he struggle to make sense of the scene . his first clear clue come when he come across a cartridge from Campbell 's gun . he search the area some more and find polly 's bloody business card . he still have no real idea of what go on . int . hollis ' car - evening again , even though he drive put he right on the edge of death , hollis talk calmly on the radio . hollis see what you can find out about polly beilman . she 's a shrink . her office be at 2414 Eastern Avenue . send a car by to check it out . I be there in ten . int . chicago STREET - evening griffin 's car ease off the freeway and into traffic . int . griffin be sedan - continuous Campbell drive . griffin ( sincere ) you be not angry with I , be you , Campbell ? you do not think I be a evil person , do you ? campbell ( take aback by he tone ) I be not much in a position to be a judge right now , but , I think word like evil be just word people use to keep from have to think . you be who you be . you do what you drive to do . that 's the way it make sense to I . griffin take Campbell 's hand with both of he and squeeze it . griffin thanks , Campbell . you be a good friend . you be like a brother to I . do you know that ? campbell do you have any real brother or si- griffin oh , Campbell , what the fuck ?! I be try to have a real conversation and you be psycho analyze I ! be you polly now ? campbell ( turn away ) you bring it up . I think it be a perfectly valid - griffin look at I when I talk to you ! ( Campbell do ) you be try to control this situation ! can not you leave you job out of this ?! just this once ! I be tell you Campbell , you have be see that bitch polly too - Campbell take a quick glimpse at the road to orient the car . griffin ( cont 'd ) I say look at I when I be talk ! Campbell turn back , totally ignore the road even though they be in traffic and the road be wind . campbell I be listen . what ? what do you have to say ? I be listen . go ahead ! they stay , eye lock , as the car travel forty mile per hour down the road . after a long moment , griffin crack a smile . griffin I forget what I be go to say . Campbell turn and look back at the road but it 's too late , the car have fade into the curb . Campbell wrench the wheel as the car crunch up onto the curb . griffin and Campbell both bounce around the front seat until Campbell get the vehicle back under control . griffin ( cont 'd ) ( look over he shoulder ) that be fun . Campbell use the distraction to slip he cell phone out of he pants pocket and push ' redial . ' ext . polly' office build - evening hollis screech to a stop outside of polly 's office building . two other cruiser be already park out front , light flash . he jump out of he car and approach Mitch . mitch she 's miss . Secretary 's upstairs dead . hollis fuck . what about she house ? mitch empty . you people be there already . hollis 's cell phone ring . hollis hello ? for a moment it sound as if the line be dead but then griffin 's voice be hear . griffin ( 0.s. ) I know if I just come here and talk to you , in person , you would understand I better , Campbell . hollis ( cover up the phone ) fuck . he 's get Campbell . let 's get a trace on it , now ! Mitch flip open he own cell phone . int . operation room , f.b.i. headquarters - evening a computer tech stand in front of a wall - size map of the city wear a headset , talk to Mitch . computer tech ( stare impatiently at the map ) give I a second ; give I a second ; give I a second , okay , okay . he 's about twenty mile north of the city . ext . polly' office build - evening Mitch and hollis stand outside both on the phone . mitch you gotta do better than that ! computer tech ( 0.s. ) no shit . give I another minute and we will have have exact location . griffin ( 0.s . ) ( on hollis ' phone ) communication be important to we . I realize after you leave L.A. that you be the only thing I have ... int . griffin be sedan - evening Campbell drive griffin 's car down a small street that run along the waterfront . griffin you be the only one who think about I . you be my audience . and for a long time , I be the only one you have . and then you meet Lisa , which ... ( he point toa parking lot ) pull in here . Campbell pull in . the parking lot be in front of a five story brick and glass building that sit on the river front . Water lap against the brick on one side of the building . the area be completely desert . as Campbell step out of the car , he let the cell phone fall into the floorboard . griffin do not notice it . int . freight elevator - night Campbell and griffin step into a old steel - grate freight elevator . griffin hold he gun casually train on Campbell . he push a button label ' five ' and the elevator begin to ascend . int . operation room , f.b.i. headquarters - night the Computer tech still stand in front of the map . computer tech ( suddenly elate ) I get he ! I get he ! int . dark corridor , fifth floor - night Campbell walk reluctantly alongside griffin down a corridor in the warehouse . they reach a door and griffin unlock it and kneel down , carefully slip he hand inside the door . int . warehouse , live / work loft - continuous griffin 's finger slide up the inside of the door and unhook a string that run through two pulley before attach to the trigger of a small " riot " shotgun which be set to go off if the door be open . griffin push Campbell inside . the warehouse / loft be about the size of a small basketball court with polished concrete floor , high ceiling , and floor to ceiling window overlook the river . polly sit gag and bound to a chair in the center of the room . the wooden chair sit in a two - inch deep pool of kerosene . the only light in the room come from the window and several foot - tall dinner candle which stand in the kerosene pool . Campbell have just long enough to take in the scene before griffin whack he over the head with a heavy metal rod . ext . hollis ' car - night aerial shot of hollis ' car swerving through traffic . int . f.b.i. headquarters , ibby's office - continuous ibby 's in a f.b.i. van that scream through the street . ext . meig field - night Three helicopter sit , blade already angrily chopping the air . dozen of other agent and pilot run here and there . after a moment , ibby 's f.b.i. van arrive and screech to a halt . ibby jump out and run toward one of the helicopter . before he 's even belt in , hollis 's sedan roar around a corner and race toward they . ext . gray colonial style house - night - flashback Campbell ( young , clean - shaven ) walk up to the front porch of the house , careful not to be see or hear . he peer under the blind into a window . through the thick lead glass he Pov be distort . he see a figure move in the live room . Campbell pull away and look through another window , try to get a better idea of what 's happen . from the second window he can see a woman bound and gag . his breath quicken . he stand and kick the front door . int . gray colonial style house - continuous - flashback Campbell burst into the front room . he hear a loud commotion in the next-room and round the corner just in time to see a man duck into a back hallway , dump a card table over in he haste . Campbell get a shot off but it thump harmlessly into the wall . Campbell turn he attention to lisa alexander who sit bound and gag in a chair - and we realize that she be the same woman in the fire and this be the room that be on fire . he run quickly to she and rip the tape off she mouth . campbell be you hurt ? paralyze with fear , she only manage to shake she head . the back door slam loudly , capture Campbell 's attention . campbell ( cont 'd ) you be go to be all right . everything 's go to be fine . Campbell turn to run after the man , fail to notice that two burn candle ( which have be on the card table ) have roll across the room and ignite a small fire . ext . gray colonial style house - continuous - flashback Campbell burst through the back door and fly down the stair and into the alley . his Pov : far ahead a figure race through the shadow . he run down the alley , leave the house further and further behind . after another few second , he hear a sharp clapping sound . he wheel around to see the smoke rise up from inside the house he be just in . he sprint back toward the house and up the staircase . he kick in the back door , ducking away from the rush of flame and heat . int . burning house , back hallway - continuous - flashback the woman scream . Campbell push further into the crumble hallway , dodging burn debris that fall around he . she scream again , a long pierce howl and - - campbell wake up int . warehouse , live / work loft - night as Campbell regains consciousness it be clear that he 's disorient and in great pain from a migraine . the room be blurry . Cuban dance music play loudly . griffin dance lightly around the room . polly whimper in fear . the music fade down and griffin slow he dance move slightly . griffin ( to polly ) I do not know how you can just sit there with music like this . such a waste . Campbell put one hand to he head , shield he eye , and with the other , grasp at he inside pocket , look for he syringe . griffin have remove the tape from polly 's mouth . griffin ( cont 'd ) who-hoo ? Campbell look up and see griffin hold Campbell 's leather medicine pouch in one hand and he gun in the other . griffin walk over and pick he up by he jacket and sit he in a wooden chair ( outside the perimeter of the kerosene pool ) . Campbell be too disorient to resist . on a nearby table , griffin click on a bright halogen desk lamp and push right into Campbell 's face . he flinch from the light . griffin flip the light away from Campbell and then back , away and then back , repeatedly . griffin ( cont 'd ) that hurt , do not it ? they say flash light and migraine just do not go together at all . griffin 's bully have a older- brotherish quality to it . griffin ( cont 'd ) ( still flash the light ) Quick ! name three candy bar and I will stop . Quick ! Three candy bar ! Quick ! griffin lose interest and toss the lamp back onto the table . he quickly draw he gun and point it Campbell 's head . polly noooooo ! griffin no , no , no , no , Campbell . I be not go to kill you . we need each other . we define each other . we be yin and yang . Black and white . be not that right polly ? polly grow more anxious , unsure whether to answer . Campbell 's head throbs insanely and he vision be still distort and hazy . griffin ( cont 'd ) ( louder ) I say , be not that right , polly !? polly ( very tentative ) I be sorry , I do not understand the question . griffin do you or do you not reach the conclusion that Campbell and I need each other in order to have meaning in we life . polly yes . I do , though , you have ... I think so . yes . ext . bucolic countryside - evening the low moon illuminate the roll hill . there 's a moment of stillness , and then from behind a hill appear a whirring mass of rotor blade . the three f.b.i. helicopter sweep low across the field outside of Chicago . int . f.b.i. command helicopter - continuous move low and fast over a desolate expanse of highway ... the faint glow of city light in the distance . behind the command pilot we see ibby and the other gaze soberly toward they destination . ext . chicago street - night a dozen police vehicle scream through the street of Chicago . int . warehouse , live / work loft - moment later Campbell still squint against the light . White splotches cloud he vision . he watch as griffin lightly caress polly 's cheek and then neck .... he stand and take several step toward griffin . campbell take you fuck hand off she . griffin sit down . Campbell take a few more step toward he . griffin put the gun to polly 's head . she cringe . griffin ( cont 'd ) sit down ! campbell you can talk all you want . I will listen but I be not go to let you touch . put the gun . we both know you be not go to do it . griffin why do we know that ? campbell because you only get to kill she once and that way will not be any fun . blam ! griffin shoot Campbell in the shin , send he end - over - end from the force of the impact . griffin you be right . ext . lake michigan - moment later Three f.b.i. helicopter boom past the camera and continue on , sweeping low across the water . int . warehouse , live / work loft - moment later griffin stand over Campbell who writhes in agony on the floor . a enormous pool of blood be form under he . both of he hand grip he shin . griffin pick he up and set he in the chair . griffin get up . get up ! how 's this for deja vu , Campbell ? we get the fire . we get the pretty girl that you have put in we way . only last time the plan backfire . instead of bring we closer , it pull we apart . campbell what do you want I to say ? that I make a rookie mistake and let my obsession with you affect - griffin grab he hair and look he right in the eye , the other hand cocked back with the gun point at he head . griffin no ! no ! no ! that 's not what I want you to say ! the obsession be all you have ! the hatred be all you have ! Love be fleeting . hate last forever . the mistake be turn back in the alley . what I want you to say be thank you ! thank you for come here and save you life ! campbell I do not know what the voice tell you , griffin , but I be not same as you . you do not define I . I be not you thing . you be a job to I . you be paperwork . griffin push he head back and step away . he walk over to nearby table and pick up a length of piano wire attach to two small wooden block . polly please do not do this to I . griffin I have to do this . he 's not go to understand anything else . you hear he . paperwork . Campbell try to watch what 's happen but can barely see from the blind headache . he see griffin near polly , unfurl the wire in front of he . he drape the wire in front of she and slide it up she chest . she whimper . campbell thank you . griffin stop and cock he head . griffin what would you say ? campbell I say thank you . I mean it . you make you point . griffin walk over to he and lean a ear toward he sarcastically , again affect the big brother . griffin what be that ? campbell ( whisper ) I say thank you . griffin lean in closer and Campbell suddenly jab the blade of he pocketknife under griffin 's chin , just miss the jugular . griffin gasp and stagger backward , stumbling and fall into the kerosene . his gun clatter across the cement floor . Campbell stand awkwardly and pounce onto griffin , jam he thumb viciously toward he bloody throat . kerosene splashes dangerously close to the burn candle . ext . nearby rooftop - continuous a s.w.a.t. commander motion for he man to clear the way as the three f.b.i. helicopter rise over the rooftop 's ledge and land in unison . int . warehouse , live / work loft - moment later griffin 's about to fall unconscious as Campbell bare down on he throat . ring of kerosene lap against the base of the candle , cause they to teeter back and forth . griffin suddenly land a solid blow to Campbell 's temple , knock he aside . again , kerosene splashes dangerously around as they vie for position , exchange what punch they can . ext . warehouse - continuous Police van screech to a lurching halt and cop in riot gear pour out . int . warehouse , live / work loft - moment later Campbell and griffin be lock together , limb entangle . Campbell lose he foot and griffin slam he down face first into the concrete . they body smack down six inch from one of the candle . griffin push Campbell 's face into the kerosene . Campbell sputter and cough as he fight to breathe . int . warehouse , first floor - continuous a small army pour into the building through every ground floor entrance . int . warehouse basement - continuous a metal door crash open as wave of s.w.a.t. officer storm the darken basement . as they advance , they red - laser sight trace a maze of pipe through the cavernous basement . s.w.a.t. officer ( into he headset ) basement 's clear . ext . warehouse - continuous ibby , hollis , and Mitch ( now dress in riot gear ) approach the building . int . warehouse , live / work loft - continuous griffin still have Campbell 's face half - submerge . Campbell 's Pov : the shotgun sit fifteen foot away . Campbell surge upward , roll griffin off of he back . Campbell scurries across the floor and snatch up the shotgun . he spin around and take a bead on griffin -- who stand calmly in the middle of the kerosene pool , hold he bloody neck with one hand and one of the burn candle in the other . if Campbell shoot he , he will drop the candle into the kerosene . griffin ( panting , smile ) oh boy , what be we go to do now ? int . warehouse stairwell - continuous a team of s.w.a.t. officer thunder up the metal fire stair . int . warehouse , second floor - continuous another s.w.a.t. team kick open a door to a loft , scare the hell out of couple watch tv . int . warehouse , third floor - continuous a second s.w.a.t. Officer hustle three terrify people down a dark hallway . second s.w.a.t. officer let 's go ! let 's go ! let 's go ! int . warehouse , ground floor - continuous ibby , Mitch , and hollis enter the building . int . live / work space - continuous Campbell , gun still train on griffin , slowly pace the perimeter of the kerosene pool . griffin make he way toward he own gun which lie in the pool a few foot away . griffin why do not you go ahead and set that gun down ? polly do not do it ! ( resolve ) he 's go to kill I anyway . shoot this piece of shit . griffin put the gun down . the gun wobble in Campbell 's hand . his breath race . int . warehouse , FOURTH floor - continuous s.w.a.t. officer race down the fourth floor hallway . int . live / work space - continuous the stand off continue . griffin he can not do it . he would be kill you and hold never be able to live with that . griffin kneel and pick up he pistol . he hold it in one hand and the candle in the other . he aim the pistol at Campbell . griffin ( cont 'd ) put it down . polly shoot he ! he will kill I anyway ! Campbell start to lower the shotgun . polly ( cont 'd ) no ! crash ! the door burst open under the force of a batter ram . s.w.a.t. officer surge into the room . griffin wheel around and shoot at the s.w.a.t. team . Campbell raise the shotgun and take aim . boom ! super slow motion as griffin 's hand and much of he forearm disintegrate . the impact snuff out the light candle , half of which fly through the air harmlessly . griffin wheel back around , take aim at Campbell . boom ! his chest open up as Campbell shoot he again . griffin 's face grow slack with death as he body hurl through the air . Campbell 's eye focus on the remain light candle . he drop the shotgun and before griffin even land , Campbell begin run toward polly , he foot splash heavily through the kerosene , he bad leg hinder he progress . as griffin 's back thump flatly in the pool , Campbell watch a wave of kerosene radiate out from under he body . the wave roll away from he and toward the other candle . Campbell reach polly and without break stride , scoops she up ( chair and all ) . the wave of kerosene reach the candle , all of which fall at approximately the same time . as the flame hit , a bright ring of fire spring up and race in from the perimeter of the pool , close in on Campbell . a instant before the wall of flame overtake he , he smashes through the outer window . ext . warehouse - continuous cop and agent wheel around when they hear glass shatter and watch as Campbell and polly soar through the air and splash into the river , flame roaring out behind they . underwater camera - pick up Campbell and polly as they thump into the freezing river . blood from Campbell 's leg plum in the water . he immediately swim toward polly who sink like a brick . he grab she and head to the surface . int . warehouse , fifth floor corridor - moment later hollis , ibby , and Mitch rush towards the room . they push they way past the other cop and look in . the room be ablaze and fill with smoke . ext . warehouse - moment later Campbell and polly both come up gasp for air . campbell be you okay ? polly ( spitting water ) yeah yeah . I be okay . agghhhh ! - polly and Campbell look up and cower as griffin , completely ablaze , leap from the window and plunge into the water right beside they . underwater camera - as griffin break the surface and the flame be immediately snuffed out . back on the surface , Campbell and polly desperately scan the water around they , wait for he to resurface . on the bank , several cop have pull they weapon , also wait for he to resurface . for a long moment , there be no sign of he . Campbell try to swim toward the bank . two cop dive in and help . they take polly from he just as Campbell see griffin 's body bob to the surface nearby , motionless . the cop fish polly out of the water , but Campbell can not help but make sure griffin be really dead . he swim a few foot toward the body , which be still face down . Campbell reach tentatively for griffin 's shoulder and roll he over revealing that he face have be horribly burn beyond recognition and that he be in fact , dead . Campbell 's voice be hear . campbell ( v.o. ) like I say , it 's never that easy . the best we can do be hope he fuck up and do what we can to be there when he do . Campbell turn and swim toward the bank . campbell ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it 's be six month , you know ? int . polly' build , corridor - night polly and Campbell step out of the elevator . she carry she briefcase . he carry a bag of grocery . polly what 's you point ? they reach she door and she unlock three dead -bolt . campbell I be just say you still seem a little paranoid . maybe you should see someone about this . she open the door and they step inside . int . polly' live room - night they step inside and be greet by a enormous rottweiler . Campbell pat its big head roughly . polly ( playfully annoyed ) I be not paranoid . she say as she disarm the security system . campbell no definitely not . Campbell walk through the rest of the apartment , turn on all the light and check all the room . polly okay , so I have a few issue with personal security . but I think that 's pretty understandable , give the circumstance , do not you ? campbell ( call from down the hall ) definitely . he walk back into the live room . campbell ( cont 'd ) well , all clear . once again . she walk he to the door . polly thanks , Campbell . campbell it 's the least I can do , do not you think ? polly good night . ext . polly' build , corridor - continuous polly close the door behind Campbell and he grin as she bolt about fifteen different lock and chain . he walk to the elevator and push the down button and wait . after a moment he hear the bolt and chain again . the door open and polly step into the hallway . polly actually , I think of something else you can do for I . campbell what 's that ? the elevator door ping open . polly have dinner with I . I hate eat alone . campbell I too . he start to walk toward she . they go back inside and the bolt and chain start bang and click again . fade out