" the african queen " screenplay by James agee , John Huston and Peter viertel base on a novel by C.S. Forester shoot draft ext . a native village in a clearing between the jungle and the river . late morning long shot -- a chapel intense light and heat , a stifling silence . then the SOUND of a reedy organ , of two voice which make the word distinct , and of miscellaneous shy , muffle , drag voice , beginning a hymn : voice ( sing ) " guide I o thou great jehovah ... " int . chapel -- long shot -- the length of the bleak chapel past the congregation , on brother , at the lectern , and rose , at the organ brother , a missionary , face camera near center ; rose , he sister , be at side , she face avert . everybody be sing . " pilgrim through this barren land ... " medium shot -- brother : middle - age , rock -feature , bald , sweat painfully , very much in earnest . he be very watchful of he flock . he sing as loud as he can , rather nasally , and try to drive the meaning of each word home as if it be a nail . he be beat with he hand , and try hard to whip up the drag tempo : " I be weak , but thou art mighty ... " closer shot -- rose early thirty , tight - feature and tight -haire , very hot but sweat less than brother . she be pump the pedal vigorously , spread with she knee the wing of wood which control the loudness , utilize various stop for expressiveness of special phrase , and rather desperately study the open hymnal , just manage to play the right note -- a very busy woman . she , too , be sing she best and loudest , a innocent , arid , reedy soprano ; and she , too , be very attentive to the meaning of word : " hold I with thy powerful hand . " insert -- half - way through the foregoing line , a exotic and horrible centipede -like creature slither into view between two of the organ keys . without interrupting her playing , as methodically as she would pull out a new stop , rose swipe it away . rose -- as before -- complete " thy powerful Hand " ; o.s. voice of singer . unperturbed , Rose finish she casual disposal of the bug and pull out a new stop . miscellaneous shot -- through rest of hymn , shoot and CUT against its line for meaning , irony and pathos , roughly as follow : full view of congregation past brother and Rose . they be all negroes and nearly all be dress in glaring white -- the woman in garment like camisole , the man in pants which reach about to they shin : splay , bare foot . some of the face bear the mark of heavy savage ornament which have be remove , or of tatooing and scarring ritual which have be outlive -- tear nostril , lip and ear lobe , a neck curiously thin and weak from the enormously heavy metal band which use to surround it . some of the child be naked or near-naked . nearly everybody dutifully share open hymnal , but it be obvious that few , if any , can read . the sing of most of they be weirdly shy and inchoate -- a little like that of a neighborhood audience when a group " sing " be impose upon they . but on certain high phrase a glad , rich , wet soprano lift out large and happy , very child - like ; and a big male voice bleat forth joyous , jazz- like improvement on the tune , a little off - key . there be very few man present . we detail or bring into salience , bare foot slapping time and a anklet shimmy ; a very earnest young marry couple with the wedding ring prominent and a impressive phalanx of child in tow ; the owner of the happy soprano , a sweet , content , pre-moral face ; the owner of the big male voice ; the inevitable rather effeminate man in every congregation who love religion because he love beauty . he be immensely pleased that he know all the word ( the other just dab at they ) : he sing they without any knowledge of they meaning : they sound Hawaiian . also , we spot a tremendously old , wrinkle , bent-over woman , dress in white like a good Christian , but with a bone stick through the septum of she nose . she croak , toothless , bleary - eye . this thing must be dispose of by late in the first stanza , which continue : " open now the crystal fountain whence the live water flow , let the fiery , cloudy pillar lead I all my journey through . " we close on the old dame with the bone sing -- " ... my journey through . " o.s. , on " ... fiery , cloudy pillar " , a queer SOUND , steadily louder : the absurdly flatulent , yammer syncopation of a rachitic steam motor . eye begin to wander from hymnal : CUT in brother frown and sing harder try to impose order ; attention to the hymn begin to fall apart a little ; follow the white , veer eye to frame , through the open window . long shot -- the african queen whose whistle let out a steamy whinny , then repeat it , with great self - satisfaction . she be squat , flat - bottome -- thirty foot long . a tatter awning roof in six foot of she stern . amidship stand she boiler and engine . a stumpy funnel reach up a little higher than the awning . on second whinny , CUT to : medium close shot -- allnutt -- on he boat he be in wear , rather befoul white clothes . he be barefoot and he foot be cocked up and he be sit on he shoulder blade , smoking a bad cigar . he wear a ratty boater , slantwise , against the sunlight . he be attend by two young negroes so tall , thin and gracile they suggest black macaroni . one be proudly and busily putter at the engine , which require a lot of attention : the other be fan allnutt , who be feel just fine . allnutt speak to the fanner in swahili . the young man without break the rhythm of he fan , lick out one long , boneless arm and alter the lash tiller ; the Queen begin to swerve toward shore . o.s. , the hymn continue , all but drown by motor noise . long shot -- int . chapel Rose pull out all the stop , spread she knee , and pump like mad in she effort to drow out the engine SOUND . brother sweat and sing even harder , scowling , shaking he head . the sing be fray out half to hell ; the congregation be a solid black wall of wander eye ; a few pious convert frown or nudge at the less pious ; a little group be coalesc toward the window . the hymn , meanwhile , continue : " feed I with the heavenly manna in this barren wilderness , be my sword , my shield , my banner , be the Lord my righteousness . " Rose 's sense of artistic propriety be too much for she . to keep thing go , she ought to play loud , but on the next line -- " when I tread the verge of Jordan ... " she shut down to the vox humana and the tremolo and maintain that through -- " bid my anxious fear subside . " on this line , allnutt appear and lounge against the front door frame still draw on he cigar . Rose let everything rip fortissimo on the close line : " death of death , and hell 's destruction land I safe on canaan 's side . " by the time of " hell 's destruction , " allnutt become aware that a light cigar in church be bad manners , and , nodd casual apology to brother , toss it away onto the pack dirt , out of we sight . instantly there be a hell of a hullaballoo o.s. , all in gibberish , against which the close word of the hymn compete stridently . the less self - control of the flock be no longer sing , and be craning they neck and roll they eye , but with just enough Sunday - schoolish discipline to stay in they place . the more pious , with effort , keep they eye where they belong and sing all the harder . in quick shot , brother and Rose redouble they effort . there be a final long - draw " aaaa -men , " and it be clear this be the close hymn of the service . brother close he book and pick up he service - book ; Rose shut and lock the box-organ and put the key ( which be on two shoestrings ) around she neck . brother stride with decorous alacrity down the middle aisle . immediately follow he , the native hurry from they bench . shoot past allnutt -- through door on the cause of the hullaballoo -- a squabbling football scrimmage of virtually nude male heathen , battle for the cigar butt . in b.g. , if permissible , a couple of equally nude woman ; a thin , pot-belly little boy dash happily toward the fight . brother and the eager head of white - clad Christians come into the shot , back to camera , watch . one of the heathen fight he way up from the heap with a yowl of supremacy , file tooth in a great grin , prancing and hold high above they all the frantically bust cigar of vaudeville ; other leap after it . reverse angle allnutt , see the wreck cigar , look kind of bleak . as brother come out , he meet he annoyed eye with mingle reproach , apology and indifference . allnut ( to brother ) hello , reverend . brother Mr. allnutt . allnut here 's you mail . sorry I be late , but one thing and another keep I in limbasi . you know how it be , reverend . ( he wink ) or maybe you do not . brother clear he throat . allnut they give I a real go over when I get to the mine . they call I all the name they could think of -- in belgian , but I do not mind so much bein ' curse in a foreign language , so I just take it with a smile . they would not fire I , I be sure of that . there be not nobody in Central Africa but yours truly know how to get up a head of steam on the African Queen . it may sound like brag , reverend , but I be mighty close to be in - di - spensable . seein 's how they belgian be too damn cheap to buy 'er a new engine . Rose join they at the door . rose ( indifferently ) good morning , Mr. allnutt . allnut mornin ' , miss . Rose 's prayer book be clamp under she sharp elbow . her walk be use to country , yet tight and spinsterish . medium close shot -- allnutt , brother and rose for a moment allnutt look at Rose with utter casualness and indifference ; he eye leave she even before brother speak . brother be look through the mail . past they , the liberated Christians walk into the sunshine . brother ah , splendid , at last they have come . allnut huh ? brother my marrow seed . behind this line , the tiny old woman with the nose - bone make herself prominent ; she 's wait to speak to brother , almost pluck he sleeve . brother ( to allnutt ) yes. ( to grandma ) yes ? old woman ( in snaggle - toothe , ador enthusiasm ) oh mistah sayuh , I do like how you preach ! brother 'k you ? old woman all that hell - fish ! brother nod and smile uneasily . old woman De way yo ' neck swell up . brother ( in dismissal ) thank you , thank you . ( to allnutt , without enthusiasm ) you will stop for tea , Mr. allnutt . allnut do not care if I do . they start walk toward and past camera . dissolve to : int . dine room . mo . shot -- rigidly symmetrical , across dine room table Rose at dead center , brother at she leave , in profile , allnutt at she right , opposite brother , in profile . the room be so shade against heat it be gloomy . the silence , gloom and heat be stifling . Rose be pour the second of three cup of tea ; she pour the third . brother be deep in the news of a Mission paper . allnutt sit oppress by the silence , like a child on he good behavior . a long silence while Rose leisurely pour . rose you take sugar , Mr. allnutt , I seem to remember . allnut that 's right , miss . couple o'spoonful . she dole they into he cup . rose and cream . allnut right . Rose pass he he tea . rose bread and butter ? allnut ( take some ) ' oh oblige . he pick up he cup a inch to drink and put it down again . nobody else be serve yet . Rose fix brother 's tea and plant it beside he . she put a slice of bread and butter on he plate . brother ( read ) 'k you ? Rose finish fix she own tea , and help herself to bread - and -butter . she lift she cup , not quite crook she pinkie , and sip . allnutt still do not move ; he be wait for brother . brother finish and turn he page , and , without shifting he eye , find he tea with a blind hand and blindly drink it and set down the cup again . allnutt , license , take a big bite of bread- and - butter and pick up he cup and wash it down . by Rose 's cover reaction , it be clear that she have be teach never , never to do this , but that she expect no better of such as allnutt . allnutt sigh wetly and contentedly . this , too , be bad manners to Rose , but she take it in she stride . they go on soberly eat bread- and - butter and drink tea . the only sound be that of china , sip , chew and swallow . nobody look at anyone else . brother and Rose be wholly , stiffly reposeful ; they be use to this . allnutt begin to get a little squirmy , like a child in church . the silence make he visibly uneasy , but he try not to show he uneasiness . all of a sudden , out of the silence , there be a SOUND like a mandolin string be pluck . at first the sound be unidentifiable , though instantly all three glance sharply up , each at the other two , then away ; in the next instant they recognize what it be and each glance sharply , incredulously , at the other two -- and then again , quickly away ; then brother and Rose glance with full recognition at allnutt , at the instant that he know the belly - growl be he . at the moment of recognition , he glance down at he middle with a look of embarrassed reproach . he glance up quickly and slyly -- hopeful they have miss it -- to find the eye of both still fix on he . the instant they eye meet they bounce apart like billiard ball , and fix on the first neutral object they happen to hit . then allnutt look at they again : neither will look at he . all three lift they cup at the same moment , for a cover , disembarrassing drink of tea . Rose and allnutt simultaneously recognize what they be do ( brother be pretend to read , miss it , and go ahead and drink he ) , and both , at the same moment , lower they cup to saucer with a almost simultaneous clink . both look away from each other . brother clear he throat rather loudly and turn a page . Rose and allnutt reach for they cup ; brother beat they to it . when brother have again put down he cup , Rose -- the tail of she eye on allnutt -- pick up she cup and drink , she eye carefully empty above the cup . allnutt have he cup again on the way to he mouth when he inside give out with a growl so long - draw and terrible that Rose first flinch , then make a noise across it with she spoon , stir she tea . brother tighten up like a fist , he first reflex be that this loud one be a calculate piece of effrontery . allnutt just endure it , with a look of suffer stoicism . when it be over there be a tense silence . allnutt slowly , slyly look up at brother ; he be stone . he look to Rose ; she be gaze far off into space . allnutt be quite embarrassed , and know they be . he do he best to relieve he own embarrassment and theirs . allnut ( in a friendly , yet detach tone ) just listen to that stomick of mine . there be a silence . by they almost invisible reaction , it be clear that to just listen to that stomick of he , be the last thing they want to do . allnutt be a bit chill by the silence , but he try again . allnut Way it sound , you would think I would get a 'eye - ener inside I . a silence . Rose look at allnutt ; they eye meet ; he attempt a friendly smile . her face go stony with embarrassment and she look quickly away . so do he . rose ( as soon as she can manage it ) do have another cup of tea , Mr. allnutt . allnut thanks , miss , do not mind if I do . he pass he cup , while she pour . there be a third growl ; not so bad . allnutt say nothing . then , after a pause : allnut scuse I . Rose look stone deaf . she hand he he cup . allnut much oblige , miss . he drink some tea . allnut queer thing , be not it . ( a silence ) wot I mean , wot d' you spose it be , make a man 's stomick carry on like that ? rose bread and butter , Mr. allnutt ? allnut thanks , miss . he take some and eat . after a little chew , he jaw slow ; he be expect another growl and listen intently ; so do Rose ; none come , after a little , allnutt relax and Rose relax at least to a state of armed truce . they be both munch methodically , eye out of focus , when brother take a curiously official - mannered gulp of tea , set down he cup , and break the silence . brother herbie Morton 's a bishop . allnut ( think the remark be address to he ) huh ? rose who 's that , dear ? allnutt be pretty embarrassed to have say " huh . " brother surely you remember herbie Morton . ( Rose look doubtful ) blond , ruddy - complect chap , a bit young than I . he sing a solo at the graduation exercise . " Holy , Holy " , I believe . rose ( dubiously ) I think I remember . it be so long ago . brother well , he 's a bishop now . rose splendid . brother I would say herbie be a bit young than I -- four or five year . ( Rose pour more tea into he cup ) surprise in a way . I mean -- well , there be nothing outstanding about he . he be no great shake as a student and he do not have any more than he share of the social grace . ( a pause ; he drink then eat bread and butter , but with rather less relish than before ) no doubt one do get ahead quick at home than in a foreign field ... and then , of course , he do marry well . rose oh ! brother that manufacturer 's widow . what be he name ? Briggs -- grigg -- Briggs -- yes , Alfred Briggs . soap flake , I think . yes , Mrs. Alfred Briggs . ( pause ) not to take anything away from herbie. ( pause ) I be delighted for he . rose of course . brother it be " Holy , Holy . " rose ( pause ) yes . a silence . brother be not even look at he paper . allnutt 's stomach talk gently . they all accept it stoically . allnut ( after quite a silence ) there be not a thing I can do about it . a silence . rose more tea , Mr. allnutt . allnut no , miss , I reckon not . about time I shove off , if I be gonna get back to the mine by tomorra night . rose ( insincerely ) do not hurry , Mr. allnutt . brother ( sure he be safe ) stay for dinner . allnut ( shaking he head ) thanks all the same . brother push back he chair . allnutt push back he chair and get up . Rose pat she lip with she handkerchief , push back she chair , and get up . brother Mr. allnutt bring the marrow seed at last . rose splendid . brother I must say , though , they be forever get here . allnut lucky they come through now , cause it do not look like they will be no more mail for a while . brother why not ? allnut reckon the Germans will hold it up . brother ( irate -- we sense a background of unpleasant relation with the Germans ) in heaven 's name why ? allnut Cause it look like there 's a war on . brother no. really ? where , Mr. allnutt ? allnut Europe . brother ( with the patronize concern of one who hear of another balkan brawl ) indeed ! between whom ? allnut oh , Germany , England , the whole -- brother and rose ( electrify ) England !! allnut right . brother ( pop -ey ) you mm -- you really mean war ? allnut wot they tell I . Germans claim the british start it . british claim it be the Germans . in any case , it 's war . rose ( with great intensity ) but what 's happen ! what do you know about it ! brother ( like a whip ) Rose ! ( she shut up fast ) exactly , Mr. allnutt , what have happen ? allnut well , now , that 's about all I can remember . oh yes -- France be in it , too . she 's with we , I fink . a lot 'o they little country be in it too -- Austria - hungary , Spain , Belgium -- I forget ' oo 's with ' oom . a pause . brother ( quiet desperation ) and that be all you can tell we ? allnut all I know . -- I will try to pick up some more , next trip to limbasi . brother I wonder to what extent we here shall be affect . allnut none , I should not think . brother this be german territory . allnut why would they want to bother a poor devil of a missionary and he maiden sister ? -- beggin ' you pardon . brother we be enemy alien . allnut wot 's the difference -- in this God - forsaken place ? rose ( bridl ) God have not forget this place , Mr. allnutt -- as my brother 's presence here bear witness . allnut no offence , miss . another puzzle pause . brother really war . allnut look like it ... well , I better shove off now . many thanks for the tea . he open the door and go through it . reverse angle shot -- group as brother and Rose come through after he . allnut well , take care of yerselve . ( he go down the step ) see ya next month . brother Goodbye . and thank you . allnut ( at bottom of step ) ' bye , miss . rose Goodbye , Mr. allnutt . long shot -- past they camera watch they watch he as he shamble towards he boat . he soon light a stogie ; he relief in smoking and in be free of they be eloquent in he back . his boy jump to action ; curious villager make way for he ; the engine be go by the time he get there . the boat back out and set its course upstream ; allnutt turn and lift a hand . brother lift a hand ; Rose do not . the boat soon go out of sight beyond tree . over the above , back -to- camera , or quarter - profile from the rear as they idly watch he departure , Rose and brother talk quietly as follow : rose should not we perhaps call he back ? get to limbasi while we can ? brother ( with unction , yet with dignity ) the good shepherd do not forsake he flock when wolf prowl . ( a pause ) besides , I think allnutt be very probably right ... I can not imagine any reason why the Germans should trouble we . rose no , I suppose not . by now , the boat be pull out ; brother and allnutt exchange they not very friendly wave . Rose look idly after allnutt , in Sunday boredom . nothing be say for a few second after the boat vanish ; the SOUND of the engine dwindle . brother ( awed , and move ) war. England . just think ! as he speak , camera start a coldly slow pan , past the chapel , and square onto the jungle , so alter its position behind brother and Rose that they be hold in -- l.s. ( where before they be in r.s. ) . ( n.b. : by mid - pan the engine SOUND die . ) a almost nude native explode from the wall of jungle , run as fast as he can , bellow breathlessly in swahili and English . until they hear he bellow , brother 's and Rose 's head be still angle away from jungle -- not towards river still , but idle and unfocus . with the first sound of he voice , they head turn sharply , with weary impatience , not alarm , towards the sound . the native do not pause in the village , though he shout vague thing in swahili as he run , set up a kind of helpless agitation among the villager ; in b.g. we see still more of they come with lazy interest out of they hut , while the native tear towards the bungalow bellow , breathlessly . native mistah sayuh ! mistah sayuh ! medium closeup -- rose and brother ( from runner's angle ) favor brother . native's voice ( o.s. ) mistah ! oh mistah sayuh ! the eye of brother and Rose abruptly lift beyond the runner and come into focus as hard as hawk ; almost instantly , they face become terrible with recognition , despair , and courage -- and , for the moment with uncertainty , still , whether such emotion be need . reverse shot -- ( from there angle and distance ) -- german troops emerge from the somber wall of the jungle , tiny against the wall , but look very efficacious and professional in they tropical uniform . instantly they form rank before a officer who bark a order in german , just audible to we . the native be somewhat scared and awed , but mainly immobilize with scare , awe , and curiosity . upon the order , the Germans promptly break rank and start swiftly and effectively about they business . one group start round up the native . another start collect live-stock , usable food and supplies . another cover operation with rifle . two man light torch and start set fire to straw hut . one man stand by the officer . brother' voice ( o.s. ; as soon as it become clear what the Germans be up to , he voice be quiet but harsh ) Rose -- go indoors and stay there . o.s. , the SOUND of they foot on the front step . they come swiftly into the shot below the camera and walk fast , Rose trail , towards the officer . after only a few step brother begin to trot , ungainly ; Rose , still more ungainly , in she narrow skirt , trot too . close shot -- the officer -- a tired , rather heavy , neutral , thoroughly unmemorable face . he be not as tall as brother , to whom he be give the once - over . his look be neither brutal nor humane : just experience . it seem to say , roughly and humorously : " well , well , what have I get to deal with here ? " his guardian soldier step quickly to one side and forward ; a nonentity with a gun . less close shot -- brother -- ( rose in b.g . ) brother ( boil mad , the innocent courage of a lion ) what be the meaning of this outrage ! officer -- center , but a little less close than before ; he guard in extreme ras . officer ( calmly , in german ) speak german , please ; I speak no English . closer shot -- brother the crest of a wave of righteous fury mount just before break ; toppling forward ; the terrifying face of a man almost ready to murder out of a sense of be right . medium close shot -- the four of they -- as close as the camera can frame all four ; as , simultaneously , brother lunge forward at the officer , Rose lunge forward to prevent brother ; the officer step neatly backward and sidewise , and he guardian step forward briskly and , sharply but just hard enough to be effective , and with a ugly SOUND of impact , strike brother on the leave joint of the jaw with he rifle butt . brother go heavily to the ground with a groan gasp . brother ( rage , shock , astonishment ) no ! rose ( at same instant , squatting beside he , turn he head ; she be beside herself ) judkin ! close up -- brother -- ( shoot down past rose ) as she turn he head . brother ( semi-conscious ; he jaw not break but bleed and already swell ) no. no. rose ( across he word ) oh , judkin . brother dear . come , dear . come , brother . she help he to he foot ; past they , the officer and he guard walk briskly , aloofly away , and past the whole business , as brother and Rose get up and the camera lift to normal eye level with they , a much later stage of the destruction of the village be visible in b.g. and be imply o.s. by brother 's eye . brother 's eye , scorched - look , appal , all but dement , flick from horror to horror ; he be watch the annihilation of he life 's work and , to he mind , the annihilation of Christian and potential Christian soul ; he head quaver in the negative gesture like that of a paretic ; he mouth , always hard up to this moment , tremble now and look curiously large and sensual . brother no ! no , Lord ! o no ! o no ! Lord ! no ! o no ! Rose be in the shot with he ; short and less favore than he be . her eye be constantly upon he face . tear come out of she eye , but she be do no vocal cry . she be watch he heart break and , essentially , she be watch he die , and know it . slow fade : fade in : long shot -- same as that which open the picture -- the hot part of the day -- most smash sunlight possible . there be no village now -- only the round scorched mark where the hut stand ; a sketch of debris . at some distance from the bungalow , and in the middle of a lot of gape space , brother be hoe in he vegetable garden . he be terribly small in the enormous barrenness and light . he hoe long enough to convey great loneliness and a kind of blind perseverance , then straighten and look rather vaguely around he , mop he face and bald head with a handkerchief . then , with a abrupt look of purpose , he start walk , let the hoe fall where it happen to . he walk towards the bungalow , across the bare ground , not very fast or very steadily , but purposefully . the sunlight make a near-halation on he bare , bald head . the walk take he long enough to infer utter loneliness and the destruction of any human sense of time . he start up the front step . medium close shot -- rose in the parlor she hear he come up the step o.s . she continue mend he nightshirt . on SOUND of he come through front door , she glance up again and she face become curious , then concerned . medium close shot -- brother -- ( from her viewpoint ) as he advance into room . he be dress in he Sunday best , immaculate except for sweat - and - dust of immediate garden work . his face be carefully shaven , but it have thin and he be very pale . the wounded jaw be not bandage and be virtually heal ; stubble around it . there be a streak of garden dust across the temple and up onto the bald head . he be look hard at Rose , but he eye can not keep in focus . brother ( sweat pour from he , tooth rattling ) why be not you dress , Rose ? it 's time for service . side angle shot -- rose get up , deep concern on she face , come quickly to he , bring both into shot , and lay a hand against he forehead . her reaction infer that brother have a terribly high fever . rose you must wear you hat ! brother ( tooth chatter ) time , this minute ! Rose start to lead and support he obstinacy , camera with they , towards he bedroom door . rose you must lie down a bit . you be not at all well . brother ( resisting feebly but come along , shakily ) but it 's time . it 's time . rose you be not well enough . lie down a bit , dear . brother perhaps I should . I feel rather odd . rose I will help you off with you thing . brother ( in a suddenly normal and shriveling voice ; quietly ) Rose . she open he door for he ; he start through . brother ( as he turn to shut he door ) 'k you ? he shut the door in she face . for a moment she stand outside the door as if paralyze . then she start somewhere fast . close up -- there forlornly populate bookshelf . Rose hurry into the shot and take down a large obsolescent - look Home -medical compodium . close shot -- rose shoot low across the bleak dining room table as she hustle the big book to it and open it . she be stand . she be still in a painful rush through the index when o.s. there be the noise of a catastrophic fall . close shot -- rose ( back to camera ) at brother 's door . by reflex , she hesitates and rap timidly . instantly realize the idiocy of this , she burst in . reverse angle shot -- rose inside brother 's bedroom , shoot from low as she enter and stand a moment transfix by what she see , she face suddenly rigid and masklike with horror and pity . close shot -- down -- brother ( from rose's viewpoint ) he be piteous , absurd and ugly ; sprawle out on the floor as ill-shape as a wounded bat , with he nightshirt partly on , shroud he head , and he trousers half off , trammel knee which be grotesquely angle . between lower pants and hike - up nightshirt , a sad , humiliate expanse of long white drawer in this furnace weather . his foot be foule - up in he suspender . the shot be to be both preposterous and shocking . close up shot -- rose past brother from floor . rose ( almost whisper ) brother ! brother dear ! she rush stooping towards he . camera move into close up , as she lift he heavy head clearly into the shot and get it unveil from the nightshirt . the big face look ruin , disgrace , dead , but a low mumble sighing come from he . he be far go . she be about to try to lift he towards he bed when he begin to walk ; she wait and listen . brother ( eye shut ; a faint , delirious voice ) smite they , Lord ! smite the amalekite , hip and thigh ! rose ( whisper -- almost by reflex ) amen. ( with a long a ) brother so cold and so foggy . my eye be so tired . where be Rose ? Rose , be you down there in the shop ? Rose , bring I a cup of hot tea . rose I be here with you , brother dear . right here beside you . brother I try to study -- so hard . I have not have the start some have : ' ebrew ; Greek -- no -- facility . if only there be more time . well , if I can not pass the examination , I can volunteer . I can be a missionary . Rose , too . not comely among maiden , but she can become a servant in the house of the Lord . yes , even for such as she , God find a goodly use . there be deep pain on Rose 's face . she almost want to say something , but know the senselessness of it . she just keep look at he and listen . brother ( with calm , resolve , acceptance ) I be go to put my book away , Rose . I be not go to study any more . if I do not pass , it only mean that God have other work for I . thy will be do . ( in a different voice , secret , piteous , impassion ) but , Lord , if it be thy will , o let I distinguish myself and give I a call here in England , right here at home , Lord . mother will be so proud , Lord . abash and put to shame all they that revile I and persecute I for thy name 's sake . ( whisper ; plead ) Lord , I have try so hard . he be silent ; she be motionless . slowly lift camera , lose brother , centering rose in close up . slow fade : fade in : full shot -- muddy water -- morning the screen be fill with a foamy , strongly slide floor of muddy water ; a strong , serene freshness of water SOUND . the shot be vertical onto this water from perhaps three foot above it . o.s. , already loud , and louden , the noise of the engine of the African Queen . lift camera , pick up the launch unexpectedly close as , slant into broadside , she draw the letter of she name . the african queen large across the shot . continue lifting ; as boat pass , we see allnutt very briefly and see that he be alone . medium close shot -- allnutt over SOUND of expire engine and rattle of anchor chain , reacting to he first sight of the vanish village . he look a little scared and very cautious ; he have see what be do at the mine , and now even the smell of violence , or the echo of its impact , make he very uneasy . he be even dirtier and more unshaven than when we first see he and he look extremely tired . long shot -- the village what we see of it from he angle . since he be lower than the village , all we can see be a lot of abnormal , empty sunlight . medium close shot -- allnutt ( same as before ) he be wary , but know he must investigate . he go overside , almost out of the shot , step across a stump to shore . swing with he . as he reach the top of the low bank , truck with he , medium close , as he walk through a little of the burnt - out village . past he , the scorched circular blotches where the hut be ; burn and half - burn little pen and fence ; ravage garden . he be still careful and uneasy . unaware of it , he walk through this silence of devastation almost on tiptoe . now he raise he eye towards the intact bungalow o.s. , and a new kind of carefulness come into he eye . stop the trucking and pan with he as he walk past and bring in the bungalow , look cavernous , very still , and cryptic or menace in the sunlight , as he walk the last few pace towards it . he hesitates a moment at the foot of the step . it obviously occur to he that he may find corpse , or nobody at all . he start up the step , still walk a little stealthily . medium close shot -- allnutt through the screen door , from inside , as he come up the quietly creak step , sensitive to the mood of a kind of desolation different from that of the village ; uneasy . he cross the porch very quietly , again hesitates , peer through the gray screen door into the dark interior , and rap rather timidly . rose ( o.s. , a dry quiet voice with the calm of exhaustion in it ) come in , Mr. allnutt . her voice startles he as much as it should ourselves . he peer again , forehead wrinkle like a monkey 's . he can not see she . he shyly open and come through the door , mumble something apologetic and subversal . as he catch sight of she , swing camera to right , lose he , and pick rose up , medium close . she be past the angle of visibility from the screen door . she be in a wicker rock chair , sit quite primly , work with that ring on which embroider be do . she glance up at he with eye like fuse glass -- then quickly back to she needlework . it be clear by the over - precision of she motion , and they rigidity and tension , that she be under great strain , but this be to be key low and simple . close shot -- allnutt ( from her angle ) he watch she ; he know enough to keep quiet ; he wait ; become aware of he muddy foot and quietly try to clean one against the calf and shin of the other leg . close shot -- rose ( same as before ) she do a couple more stitches , obtain sufficient control of herself , and lower the needlework into she lap . rose ( quietly , as before ) thank God you have come . close shot -- allnutt ( as before ) nobody have ever thank God in connection with he before . his reaction be quiet , but clearly this be a surprising and novel experience . he say nothing . rose ( o.s. ) sit down , Mr. allnutt . allnut do not mind if I do . he walk into : two shot -- rose and allnutt he sit on the edge of a chair and jockey it , shyly , a little nearer she . allnut so they get here afore I do , eh ? rose yes , they get here . just after you leave . allnut no ! she say nothing . allnut could not a be more wrong , could I ? Bout the Germans . rose ( a quieter , remote voice ) Burning village . allnut that 's to keep the native from runnin ' away . no place to come back to . be doin ' it all over , they tell I up at limbasi . the Germans be gonna train them into a army and try to take over the whole of Africa . rose poor helpless native ! allnut it be the same up at the mine when I get back from limbasi . a clean sweep of everything . just plain luck I be on the river . they could certainly use my launch and what 's in 'er , too . blastin ' gelatine , miss . eight box of it . a ' a lot of can grub . a ' cylinder of oxygen a ' hydrogen for that weldin ' job on the crusher . lot o' stuff . rose ( same dead voice ) oh , trust they . allnut but as it ' appen , I get the stuff -- a ' the launch . only I have get no crew , a ' she be not a easy boat to run single - ' and . Cause they two boy o' mine just skip in the night . do not know if they be scared o' I or the Germans . rose ( quietly , always ) they be fiend out of hell ... his whole life 's work smashed . ruine . in a few minute . allnut the reverend , eh ? ( Rose nod ) where 's 'e now , miss ? rose ( pause ; quietly ) he 's dead . allnut I say , that 's too bad ! pretty rough on you , miss. ( embarrassed ; try to keep the ball roll ) what would 'e die of , miss ? rose they kill he . allnut ( really a little surprised and shocked ) well , now that 's just awful ! if they will up and shoot a reverend , who could not do them a bit a 'arm , there be not nobody safe . rose they do not shoot he , Mr. allnutt . but they be accountable to God just as surely as if they have . allnut ' ow d' you mean , miss ? rose they break he heart . he do not take care of himself . he do not want to live . she be look into he eye as if dare he to doubt or disagree . he be timid , perceptive and kind enough not to argue with she . after a moment , he avoid she eye . allnut well , miss that 's cert 'nly too bad , that 's all I can say . ( both be quiet and he be uneasy in the silence . make conversation ) when would 'e die , miss ? rose early this morning . ( a odd gesture ) he 's in there . allnut hey ! rose I beg you pardon ? allnut ' scuse it , miss. ( delicately ) wot I mean to say be -- the climate and all -- quick you get ' im under ground the better , if you do not mind I sayin ' so . Rose nod . allnut ( get up ) get a shovel ? rose behind the bungalow . allnut right . -- tell ya wot . while I be diggin ' the grave , you get yer thing together , miss -- all the thing ya want to take . then we can clear out of 'ere . rose clear out ? allnut Germans might come back any time . rose why should they ? they leave nothing . allnut oh , they will come back , all right . lookin ' for the African Queen . they would dearly love to get they ' ook on 'er . she 's the only power boat on the river . rose where will we go ? allnut I think , miss , 'ow we might find somewhere quiet behind a island . then we could talk about what to do . rose ( a pause ; then with quick decision ) I will get my thing ready . allnut Fine , miss , I will be quick 's I can . he start for the front door . rose thank you , Mr. allnutt . allnut you would do the same for I , miss . as he think it over , he begin to wonder , literal - mindedly , whether she really would . he go on out . dissolve to : two shot -- rose and allnutt -- at the grave they stand on opposite side of the new grave . at its head be a improvise cross , two piece of wood carefully and securely wire together . Rose be read the last line of the burial service from a Methodist or presbyterian prayerbook . she read rather badly ; ( i.e. , with the Protestant shading of " expressiveness " ) yet between the language and the conflict between restraint and deep emotion in she voice , it be quite move . allnutt , while she read , be try to pay polite attention ; he even say " amen " , and such , in a sheepish kind of way . but he eye keep slide uneasily to the jungle ; the Germans really do worry he . when she have finish , she stand very silent , for longer than he can take . he try reasonably hard , but finally he have to speak . allnut well , miss , let 's get outa here while the gettin 's good . Rose , without look at he or at the grave , and without speak , walk away ; he pick up he spade and follow . medium shot -- rose and allnutt at the edge of the porch . Rose pause , look over towards brother 's grave for the last time . allnutt stand beside she , carry she suitcase , not want to hurry she again , but wishing she would get a move on . medium long shot -- rose and allnutt -- ( shoot past they , from the inside edge of the porch ) by the turn of she head , we eye be lead across the scarify clear . we see the stunt cross and the overwhelming jungle and , perhaps , a little of the chapel . rose ( really meaning it ; but very restrain and prim ) it be very kind of you , Mr. allnutt , to think of the cross . allnut shucks . just seem like he oughta have one , he a reverend and all . Rose walk down the step and towards the river . allnutt eagerly keep pace . we swing the camera lose the grave , and pass and lose the chapel , and center they get smaller along the bare ground in the hot sunlight , bring in the river beyond they . allnutt' voice ( o.s. ) careful now , miss . watch you step . that 's right . medium long shot -- of african queen at anchor ( shoot past bow ) and keep the noisy SOUND of the water . we pick up Rose and allnutt as allnutt help she aboard . in she long and somewhat narrow skirt she be distinctly old - maidish . rose ( with the upward English inflection -- a little as if he have pass she a teacup ) thank -- you ? allnutt step aboard . medium shot -- rose and allnutt Rose sit down at the rear of the boat and look around she . her foot be draw under she and knee close together and hand lightly fold on she knee ( perhaps a lady 's scrap of handkerchief in one hand ) , as prim , genteel and ladylike as if , on a holiday afternoon , she be about to be row across a artificial lake fifty yard wide . and that be more or less the way she glance about she in she new surroundings -- politely and restrainedly , as if a little critical of a parlor somewhat humbler than she own . ( this shot , at the very beginning of she voyage , be to be quite touch , delicate and ironical , and through she very genteelism and total unconcern for what she be up against -- a unawareness -- we begin already to sense she complete intrepidity . ) allnutt pause to light up a cigarette before get to work . he hang the cigarette inside he upper lip . this cigarette , dead or alive , be a chronic fixture with allnutt . allnutt kneel in the bottom of the boat and address himself to the engine . he haul out a panful of hot ash and dump they overside with a sizzle and a splutter . he fill the furnace with fresh wood from a pile beside he , and soon smoke appear from the funnel , and we hear the roar of the draught . the engine begin to sigh and splutter , and then begin to leak gray pencil of steam . allnutt peer at he gauge , thrust in some more wood , and then leap forward around the engine , display monkeyish agility in handle more task than he quite have the hand or the stamina for . with grunt and heave of the small windlass , he haul in the anchor , the sweat pour from he in river . we see already that he be physically not a strong man . allnutt thrust mightily at the muddy bank with a long pole , snatch the pole on board again , and then rush aft to the tiller . allnut ' scuse I , miss . he sweep she aside unceremoniously ( she be astonished but quickly reassemble herself ) and he put the tiller over just in time to save the boat from run into the bank . camera in on Rose , resettling she plumage , and on allnutt at the tiller . the river bank start to swing in square to the stern . they eye be past the camera . medium shot -- ( moving with boat ) -- rose and allnutt Rose be deeply sad and very tired , but a very quiet kind of exhilaration be already grow in she ; and still more clearly , she calm and tremendous , unreflect resoluteness begin to show . a pause . rose Mr. allnutt . allnut yerss ...? rose what be the chance of we get out through limbasi on the railway to the Coast ? allnut the railway be in german ' and when I be in limbasi -- and by this time limbasi be too , I will bet . rose then how do we get out , Mr. allnutt ? allnut you get I , miss. ( after a pause ) we have get ' eap of grub ' ere , miss , so we be all right , far as that go . two thousand cigarettes , two case of gin . we could find a good 'ide place a ' stay there for month if we want to . Rose 's astonishment at this suggestion keep she from replying . allnut ( rattling on ) I spose there 's goin ' to be a fight . if we troops come from the sea , they will attack up the railway to limbasi , I spose . in that case , the best thing we could do would be to wait round down ' ere a ' just go up to limbasi when the time come . -- on the other ' and , they might come down from british East , a ' if they do that we would ' ave the Germans between we and they all the time . same if they come from rhodesia or portuguese East . we be in a bit of a fix , whichever way y'look at it , miss. ( abruptly ) mind takin ' the tiller , miss ? allnutt stand up and Rose take over the tiller , hold the iron rod resolutely . allnutt go to he engine and be violently active once more . he pull open the furnace door and thrust in a few stick of fuel ; then he scramble up into the bow and stand balanced on the cargo . the river be studd with island so that it appear as if there be a dozen different channel . allnut Port a little , miss . close shot -- rose she be confuse by the command . allnutt' voice ( o.s. ) pull it over this side , I mean . -- that 's it ! steady ! moving shot -- the launch the boat crawl up a narrow tunnel of leaf and shade . ( if color photography be use , the shot would be startingly juicy and green -- many shade of green reflect in rich brown water . ) allnutt come leaping back over the cargo and shut off the engine ; the propeller stop vibrate . allnutt dash into the bow again . just as the tree ( shoot past rose and she interest in it ) begin apparently to move forward again as the current overcome the boat 's way , he let go the anchor with a rattling crash , and almost without a jerk the launch come to a standstill . a great silence seem to close in on they -- the silence of a tropical river at noon . the only SOUND be the subdued rush and gargle of the water . the sober air be fill with a strange light -- a green light . allnutt turn from he work at the anchor . he and Rose look about they and at each other , for a moment mysteriously bemuse by the stillness and by the beauty of the place . the sudden quietness and the look of the place be richly romantic ; the two people be quiete by it , but they be wholly unaware of any such potentiality between they . they be just a couple of oddly assort derelict who hardly even know each other , and do not care for what little they know . a pause . allnut so far so good . ' ere we be safe a ' sound , as you might say . ( he beam upon he surroundings ) not too bad a spot , be it , miss , to sit a war out in ? all the comfort of ' ome , includin ' runnin ' water . he laugh at he joke and be disappointed when Rose do not join he . rose I be afraid , Mr. allnutt , that what you suggest be quite impossible . allnut ' Ave you get any idea ? ( he take a map out of he pocket and hand it to she ) ' ere 's a map , miss . show I the way out a ' I will take it . Rose open the map and start study it . allnut ( after a while ) one thing sure ; we man will not come up from the congo , not even if they want to . they would ' ave to cross the lake , and nothin ' will not cross the lake while the louisa be there . rose ( blankly ) the louisa ? what 's that ? allnut it 's a ' undre - ton german steamer , miss , and she 's the boss o' the lake ' cause she 's get a six - pounder . rose what 's that ? allnut a gun , miss . the biggest gun in Central Africa . rose I see . allnut if it be not for the louisa , there would not be nothin ' to it . the Germans could not last a month if we man could get across the lake ... but all this do not get we any nearer 'ome , do it , miss ? believe I , if I could think wot we could do ... rose this river , the ulanga , run into the lake , do not it ? allnut well , miss , it do ; but if you be thinkin ' of goin ' to the lake in this launch -- well , you need not think about it any more . we can not and that 's certain . rose why not ? allnut rapid , miss . cataract and gorge . there 's a ' undre mile of rapid down there . why , the river 's even get a different nyme where it come out on the lake to what it 's call up 'ere . it 's the bora down there . no one know they be the same river until that chap spengler -- rose he get down it . I remember . allnut yes , miss , in a dugout canoe . ' E 'ad half a dozen swahili paddler . map makin ' , 'e be . in fact , that 's ' be map you be lookin ' at . there 's place where this ole river go shootin ' down there like out of a fire 'ose . we could not never get this ole launch through . while he talk , Rose begin to look restive and vague , as well as discourage . by the time he be through , she have stand up , camera with her ; she hardly hear he . she stroll a little aimlessly past the camera , which swing to CENTER her back as she walk forward . as if half in she sleep , she sidestep the engine . reverse angle -- rose ( shoot from the bow ) as Rose sidestep . she walk toward camera into medium close up , eye glaze with dreamlike concentration . she see something before and below she eye-level ; stop , focus on it . close shot -- ( from rose's angle ) -- the gelatine case not mark or label as such . rose's voice ( o.s. ) Mr. allnutt -- medium close shot -- allnutt allnut yes , miss . medium close shot -- rose -- ( from allnutt' angle ) rose what do you say be in this box with the red line on they ? medium close shot -- allnutt -- ( from rose's angle ) loung and lazy . allnut that 's blastin ' gelatine , miss . medium shot -- allnutt and rose ( shoot from bow ) rose ( head towards he , away from camera ) be not it dangerous ? allnut bless you , no , miss , that 's safety stuff , that be . it can get wet and not do any ' arm . if you set fire to it , it just burn . you can 'it it wiv a ' ammer and it will not go off -- at least I do not fink it will . it take a detonator to set it off . I will put it over the side if it worry you though . rose ( sharply , yet absently as she turn into camera ) no . we may need it . allnutt keep watch she idly , a little amused and very slightly contemptuous . she wander away from the box , eye downcast in think , and pause again . rose ( not look up ) Mr. allnutt -- allnut yeah ? insert -- the steel cylinder in bottom of boat rose's voice ( o.s . ) and what be this queer long round thing ? medium shot -- the bow -- ( past rose -- on allnutt ) allnut they 's the oxygen and hydrogen cylinder , miss . ai not no good to we , though . next time I shift cargo , I will dump them . closer shot -- rose rose ( sharply , yet still more subconsciously and quietly than before ) I would not do that . she keep look down at they , musingly , " subconsciously , " while camera creep closer to she . rose they look like -- like torpedoe . " torpedoes " be speak over : insert -- cylinder -- a new and most deadly possible look shot of the cylinder . still closer shot -- rose slowly she raise she eye from floor angle to normal ; a wild light be dawn in she eye . rose ( in the voice almost of a medium ) Mr. allnutt -- she turn very slowly towards he . medium close shot -- allnutt -- ( from rose's angle ) allnut ( a little bit smug ) I be still right here , miss , and on a thirty - foot boat there be not much of any place else I could be . medium close shot -- rose -- ( from allnutt' angle ) walk slowly and somewhat portentously towards he . rose ( full of the wild light ) you be a machinist , be not you ? be not that you position at the mine ? medium close shot -- allnutt -- ( from rose's angle ) camera advancing on he at Rose 's pace , stop , look down , during he last six or eight word . allnut ( comfortably ) yeah , kind of fixer . Jack of all trade and master o' none , like they say . close shot -- rose -- ( from allnutt' angle ) disconcertingly close . rose could you make a torpedo ? allnutt' voice ( o.s. ) come again , miss ? rose could you make a torpedo . close shot -- allnutt allnut you do not really know what you be askin ' , miss . it 's this way , you see . a torpedo be a very complicated piece of machinery what with gyroscope a ' compress air chamber a ' vertical and horizontal rudder a ' compensate weight . why , a torpedo cost at least a thousand pound to make . he relax ; he manner be " the State rest . " swing camera to center Rose , still perch on the gunwale . rose ( after a short pause ; unperturb ) but all that thing , that gyroscope and thing , they be only to make it go , be not they ? medium close shot -- allnutt -- ( neutral angle ) allnut uh-huh . go -- and hit what it 's goin ' after . rose -- ( as before ) rose ( at the height of she inventiveness ; the word triumphant and almost stumbling out ) well ! we have get the African Queen . she stand up with this word , camera rising with she , shoot from a little below ; she eager eye be constantly on allnutt . rose if we put this -- this blast stuff -- in the front of the boat here -- and a -- what do you say -- deno -- detonator there , why that would be a torpedo , would not it ? close shot -- allnutt look up at she , greatly amused , almost sardonically admire she . rose's voice ( o.s. ) that cylinder . they could stick out over the end , with that gunpowder stuff in they and the detonator in the tip where the tap be . rose -- ( as before ) rose then if we run the boat against the side of a ship , they would -- well , they would go off , just like a torpedo . ( somewhat doubtfully , in a return to she submissive feminine habit ) would not they ? two shot -- rose and allnutt allnut ( tremendously amused ; gravely ) that might work . ( humoring she along , and a little take in by he own fondness for makeshift ) they cylinder would do right enough . I could let the gas out of them and fill them up with the gelignite . I could fix up a detonator all right . revolver cartridge would do . ( warming up to it , as a impossible project ) why , sure , we could cut ' ole in the bow of the launch , and ' ave the cylinder stickin ' out through they , so 's to get the explosion near the water . might turn the trick . but what would ' appen to we ? it would blow this ole launch and we and everything all to Kingdom come . rose I be not think that we should be in the launch . could not we get everything ready and have a -- what do you call it -- a good head of steam up and point the launch toward the ship and then dive off before it hit ? would not that do ? allnut might work , miss . but what be we talkin ' about , anyway . there be not nothin ' to torpedo . ' Cause the African Queen 's the only boat on the river . rose oh , yes there be . allnut be what ? rose something to torpedo . allnut a ' what 's that , miss ? rose the louisa . allnut ( on mention of the louisa , a blank , silent stare of mock amazement . then , patiently ) do not talk silly , miss . you can not do that . honest you can not . I tell you before we can not get down the river . rose spengler do . allnut in a canoe , miss ! Rose look stubborn . rose if a german do it , we can , too . allnut not in no launch . we would not ' ave a prayer . rose how do you know ? you have never try . allnut never try shootin ' myself through the ' ead , neither . ( pause ) trouble with you be , you just do not know nothin ' about boat , or water . a pause . they look at each other , Rose much more fixedly and searchingly than allnutt rose in other word , you be refuse to help you country in she hour of need , Mr. allnutt ? allnut I do not say that . rose well then --! allnut ( sigh deeply ) ' Ave it you own way , miss -- only do not blame I , that 's all . allnutt stand perplex and inarticulate , he cigarette droop from he upper lip . his wander gaze stray from Rose 's foot , up she white drill frock to she face ; he start slightly at she implacable expression . rose very well , let 's get start . allnut what ! now , miss ? rose ( impatiently ) yes , now . come along . allnut there be not two hour of daylight leave , miss . rose we can go a long way in two hour . allnutt start to speak ; refrain ; limp over to windlass and raise the anchor . Rose watch he . camera pan after the African Queen as allnutt back she out into the channel , then turn she nose downstream . close shot -- allnutt and rose he be at the tiller -- back to camera ; Rose , stand look downstream . the Mission clear on the bank , which they now approach , be unobserve by both of they . presently pencil of steam begin come out of the engine . allnutt , feel that it require he attention , signal to Rose , who take he place at the tiller . allnutt go to the engine and begin to tinker . close up -- allnutt -- ( rose in b.g . ) allnut a lot o' the time I be go to ' ave more than enough to do , keepin ' the ole engine goin . ' so you might as well start learnin ' to steer right now . Rose nod . her hand take a firmer , more authoritative hold on the tiller . allnut ( continue ) she be not no one - man boat , the Queen . not in the shape she 's in . Rose again shift she hand a little ; and she sit up very straight with she new sense of responsibility . allnut know port from starboard , miss ? rose I have hear of they . allnut well , that 's port -- ( gesture ) -- a ' that 's starboard . rose be not that a bit -- well , silly ? why not just say leave and right ? allnut well , spose yer facin ' the other way in the boat a ' I say " to the leave . " you might think I mean to you leave , see , a ' move to starboard . it 's the boat ya gotta think of , see ? so port 's always that side -- ( gesture ) -- a ' starboard , that -- a ' forrard 's always up there a ' aft be where we be right now -- no matter what way we be turn around or the boat be head . rose why yes , I see . it 's really quite -- sensible , be not it ? allnut uh huh . okay . now go easy , miss -- light on the tiller . now steer she just a little to starboard . Rose put the tiller to starboard ; the launch swerve a little to port . she look at allnutt , bewilder . allnutt be quietly amused . allnut okay , miss , just straighten she out again . ( use flat hand to demonstrate ) now looky here . here 's yer tiller . ( he extend he right hand ) here 's yer rudder . ( he extend he leave hand , below and beyond he right ) they be join . tiller set the rudder , rudder steer the boat . ( he slant both hand rigidly to one side ) rose ( eagerly ) oh , I see ! Rose lift she own hand from the tiller to show ; the boat yaw abruptly . allnut tiller , miss ! Rose , startle , grab the tiller and rights she course . rose ( blush ) sorry . allnut ' S all right , just do not never do that , 's all . rose why , the water -- well -- push against the rudder , where it turn , and -- sort of drag the boat that way . turn it . allnut you be catchin ' on fine , miss . Rose look as pleased as if she have personally invent the rudder . allnut now a little to starboard , miss . easy now . ( Rose do it right ) Fine . now a little to port . ( Rose do it right ) rose be that all there be to it ? allnut well , ya gotta know how to read the river . rose read ? allnut ya gotta know the water a ' what 's under it , that ya gotta steer clear of . rose steer clear of . why , that 's where that expression come from . allnut ( uninterested ) uh huh . mostly ya can tell it by the surface o' the water . now ya see that long thing out there like a " V " kinda ? long shot -- across the line a long , quiet " V " on the water . allnutt' voice ( o.s . ) that always mean a snag . limb stickin ' up from a dead tree ; like o' that . two shot -- rose and allnutt allnut stay off they " versus , " they be murder . Rose look very seriously , almost reprimandingly , towards the " V . " long shot -- a different part of the river the higher light show it be later in the morning . in the distance , past smooth water , a choppy patch . allnutt' voice ( o.s. ) now all that little choppin' , they 's shallas , miss . two shot -- allnutt and rose Rose 's eye move from the shallow to steering ; she shift course a little , and a long " V " trail past . long shot -- forward along the boat as she reset she course . medium close shot -- rose she eye to starboard . again the light be later . Rose 's face be a shade more pleased and in bloom than before . rose ( point ) what 's that queer flat place , Mr. allnutt ? medium long shot -- another part of the river at medium distance off starboard bow , a odd flat turbulence in otherwise easy water . allnutt' voice ( o.s . ) that 's a rock . a ' it be not only a few inch under water . the Queen 's get a shalla draft , a ' that 's where we be lucky . ' Cause anythin ' ya can not read on the surface , we be safe to go right over it . two shot -- rose and allnutt -- ( higher light ) the beat of the engine alter a little . allnut only thing to worry we be much of a breeze . I reckon you know why . the beat of the engine alter still more . rose it make we -- it -- push the boat around ? allnut naw . it chop the water so -- he rush forward to the engine . medium shot -- the engine -- allnutt start rapping the boiler 's safety - valve smartly with a wrench . after a few sock , it blow off steam . wide shot -- the african queen allnut ( loud , over he shoulder , while steam blow off ) chop it up so bad ya can not see no sign to warn ya . rose ( louder ) oh . of course . allnutt be intently busy at the feed pump -- this time , a brief operation . Rose watch he out ; he do a little refueling . ( Wood be pile high in the waist now , drying in the sun . ) ( note : from here on until indicate , no two shot . allnutt be amidship , in hot sunlight ; Rose , at stern , in cool , breezy shadow of awning . ) rose what be the matter , Mr. allnutt ? allnut feed pump choke . a ' one o' my boy drop sumpin in the safety valve ; can not count on it , ya gotta hit it . rose what happen when the feed pump choke ? he finish fueling and sit down and dry he sweat . allnut Whole boiler can blow up . specially the shape she 's in . this water 's awful muddy . rot the tube , plug them up with scale . ' side that , the pressure gauge be kinda on the blink . can not count on it fer sure , but ya can not forget it , neither . bring 'er higher and fifteen pound , the whole engine start fallin ' apart . a ' much less and that , she quit . oh , come to think of it . know why I get to keep the engine goin ' ? rose why , so we can go , of course . allnut that be not wot I mean . Rose look blank , and interested . allnut ' Cause if the engine die ya be not get enough -- rose oh . the water do not push against the rudder hard enough to -- allnut ( nodd approvingly ) that 's right . no steerage - way . a ' in bad water that 's life or death . Rose look at he , for the first time aware that he be as important to navigation as she be . allnut if you steer wrong we be goner ; if I let the engine die , we be goner , too . he add another couple of piece of wood . Rose nod , and take on both a sense of dignity and a sense of interdependence . allnut ( proudly ) oh , she 's fulla trick , this ole engine . even the fuelin' . ya gotta fuel 'er light a ' steady , keep the pressure right . a ' that be not so easy as it sound , miss . ' Cause wood make a awful lotta ash a ' choke yer draft . ya gotta plan it all very careful . empty the ash pan , ya gotta figure 'ow it will change yer draft . ya get 'alf a dozen different kind o' wood a ' every one burn different . get to figure on wot the heat o' the sun do to the boiler , different time o' day . a ' that safety valve . a ' the water pipe keep springin ' leak , an' the water gauge just work when she 's a mind to . ( he look over the whole engine with affection ) you get to know 'ow she 's feelin ' , miss -- keep a step ahead of 'er . right now she 's get 'er best foot forrard ' cause there 's a stranger aboard . but do not be take in , miss . wait till you see 'er in a mean streak . he put on a little more fuel , and light a cigarette . medium shot -- the boiler and engine head - on like a altar . allnutt lounge in one side of the shot like a acolyte , and quietly watch toward Rose , steering . close shot -- rose steering . there be something regal about the way she sit hold the tiller , as though it be a scepter . fade out : fade in : ext . the river -- twilight medium long shot -- the prow of the launch as it nose upstream along a narrow channel . a swerve and a steadying ; the prow advance into medium close up ; the anchor start to drop . before it hit the water : medium shot -- the fa? ade of the engine with splash and rattle of anchor and chain o.s. , as allnutt rush into the shot and shut off steam . the pencil of steam abruptly fade and drift . medium close shot -- allnutt stand very attentively . past he , a wall of leave show that the boat , after a couple of inch of drift , stop gently . he still stand attentive , as if he be listen in the abrupt new silence . he be much more grimy and sweaty than before . allnut it 's 'ot work , be not it , miss ? I could do with a drink . two shot -- rose and allnutt he go to the locker beside Rose , produce two dirty enamel cup . watch he , Rose frown slightly . then , from under the bench he drag out a wooden case . from the case he bring out a bottle . he open the bottle , proceed to pour a liberal portion into one of the cup . close shot -- rose watch with a kind of fascination . close shot -- allnutt as he make a movement with the bottle toward the second cup . allnut ' Ave one , miss ? close shot -- rose rose ( horrify whisper ) what be it ? allnutt' voice ( o.s. ) gin , miss . and there 's only river water to drink it with . rose ( appal ) no ! medium close up of allnutt -- ( rose's viewpoint ) he dip the empty mug overside . he turn back straight and , with care , decant the water into the gin . close shot -- rose she be in conflict between she intensify fascination , and she sense of actually watch something forbidden and even outrageous . impulse play through she , covertly suggest in she face , to protest , to appeal to he better nature , even to snatch the drink from he . and now a new shading enter she face . all she have see up to now as mere preparation for sin : now she be witness Sin itself . something related to fear begin to enter she face . close shot -- allnutt -- ( from rose's angle ) he slap casually at a mosquito , and lift the mug for a second swig . close shot -- rose eye still more fix , fascinate and full of wild doubt and supposition . close shot -- allnutt -- ( from rose's angle ) allnutt lower the mug . happier now than before , he glance at Rose in a impersonal way ; look away ; look back in doubt at she , mildly puzzle by what he see , but not interested . still closer shot -- rose as she watch he very sharp . she be puzzle by how quiet and peaceable he be , but she know better than to trust he . she be wait for the trouble she be sure be bound to come . - o.s. , allnutt hiccup slightly . she tighten and withdraw a little more , then come to a standstill . close shot -- allnutt ( from rose's viewpoint ) he look up again , a little more puzzle . allnut somethin ' the matter , miss ? close shot -- rose rose ( shortly ) no. allnutt -- ( as before ) still a bit puzzle , he raise he mug and finish he drink off . across this nice , long drink : two shot -- rose and allnutt Rose 's whole body and posture be as withdraw , pinch and tense as she face . allnut ( set down he cup ) now , miss , 'ow ' bout some tea ? close shot -- rose by the way she let out a long , long -held breath , we realize for the first time the extremity of tension she have be under . pull away to include allnutt , as Rose relax all over , all but tremble , between relief and she ravenous need for tea . rose ( able to speak now ) ohhh ! yes ! camera pan with allnutt as he go over to the boiler . he draw hot water into the two cup , then place they on the bench before she and make tea . allnut ( stir ) ' course it taste a bit rusty , but you can not ' ave everything . ( a little formally ) sugar , miss ? rose ( also a little formally ) 'k you ? allnut ( a little bit catch by she tea-party manner ; bashfully ) do not mention it . allnutt bring out a lantern and light it . they both drink . she take a ladylike trial sip ; then really guzzle as never before . sweat start out on she forehead and she shut she eye . across she bring down the cup : rose ( in a tea - wet voice , more relaxed and female than at any time before ) it 's simply delicious ! two shot -- rose and allnutt allnut ( surprised , and somewhat pleased ) not 'alf bad , be it ! he taste he again . live to himself , he have not be much interested in taste and such . Rose set down she cup and , angle she sharp , long -sleeve elbow high , extract a long pin from she hat , lay it beside she and lift the big , dark hat from she head and lay that beside she too , and carefully thrust the pin back into the hat and briefly tidy she tight hair . then , pick up she cup again , she drain the last of she tea . rose ( hold out she cup ) if you please ? allnut right . ( he start the business of make tea again ) ' ow long you be out 'ere , miss ? rose almost ten year . allnut you be from the midland , be not you ? rose Manchester . allnut ever get 'omesick ? he go over and get cracker and tin meat out of the locker . rose every day of my life . allnut I would give my eye tooth to be back on a Saturday night , rubbin ' elbow like they say -- all the jostlin ' a ' the noise a ' the music -- be not nothin ' can touch it for cheer a chap up . rose it 's always Sunday afternoon I think of -- the peace and quiet . they be eat the meat and cracker as they talk . allnut I do not remember very much about the Sunday . I be always sleep it off . they finish eat . for a few second they listen to the quiet soliloquy of the water . allnut ( continue ) do not see no crocodile in this arm , miss , do you ? rose crocodile ? no. allnut no shallas for them here . a ' current 's too fast . ( he cough , a little self - consciously ) I could do with a bath , ' fore supper . medium close shot -- rose rose ( spontaneous , unconsider ) I would like one too . she be a little surprised at herself , but not troubled . medium close shot -- allnutt allnut ( get up ) I will go up in the bow a ' hang onto the anchor chain . you just stay back ' ere a ' do what you like to , miss . then , if we do not look , it will not matter . medium close shot -- rose she be semi-aware of a change in herself , but still irresistibly spontaneous . rose very well . medium close shot -- allnutt -- ( past rose ) allnut ( hesitant ) well ... rose ( coolly ) very well , Mr. allnutt . he walk towards the bow , sidestepping the engine . bring up SOUND of water a little . reverse angle -- rose Rose look after he , check the six - inch width of the funnel which will stand between they ; not much concerned . while she watch , she be undoing she dress at its cuff and at its high neck . she stand and take it off over she head with a voluminous motion . she start to remove a undergarment and hesitates , frown a little ; compress she lip and , clearly , decide not to remove the garment . close shot -- the funnel center , in the lamplight . the water SOUND rise another fraction ; other sound fade a little . close shot -- rose's feet in the water -- not more than shin -deep . ( she be sit on the gunwale . ) the water distort and drive and sway they a little and she be move they gently . close up -- rose ( head and shoulder ) her head bent forward , she be watch and quietly enjoy she foot in the water . there be a little noise o.s. ; she eye slip a little in the direction of the bow . tail -of -the -eye shot -- past engine and funnel a dim grayish - white shape lower itself over the bow . rose -- ( as before ) eye not too quickly forward . she be not shocked , excited , or self - conscious ; just calmly interested . ( o.s. , prodigious kicking and splashings and whooshings as allnutt take he bath . ) slowly she head go lower in the shot and she head and shoulder begin to twist as she turn to cling to the gunwale . bring up water SOUND a little . as she let she body loose into the water , camera swing loose along it ; it be clear as she lengthen out and submerges that she be wear bloomer and camisole . close shot -- rose's face -- ( past her hand ) cling to the low , stern gunwale , as she arm stretch . there be a deep and delicate sensuous enjoyment in she face ; she body lift out full length behind she , a dim and water - addle blur . then she pull herself up towards the boat as strongly as she can ; she wet , strapped shoulder rise , and one elbow clamp over the gunwale . vertical insert -- suitcase over sound of she vigorous drying o.s. , the insect - and moisture - proof tin suitcase or box in which Rose have pack all she worldly goods . it be open . by lantern light some of its content be visible ; a few garment and undergarment , neatly fold ; she prayer - or service - book and she Bible ; and a group photograph of Rose and brother and they family , in which the intention be to anchor Rose deep in English puritanism . perhaps eight second be allow for a look at this photograph ; then Rose 's thin , cleanse hand lay in the dark dress in which she begin this voyage ; it be neatly fold ; it cover not only the picture but also the religious book . medium close shot -- rose her head emerge from the white drill dress into which she be shuffle herself ; the head , with its slightly dampen hair ( which be still pin up , but strand be loose ) look so refresh and integrate in the lantern light that it be as if it be brand new . with somewhat freer motion than she have make before , she pull , straighten and pat the dress , and button it at the bosom . allnut ( o.s . ) be you ready , miss ? rose yes . she glance past she shoulder towards he as she wring out a damp undergarment , overside . allnutt come past the engine out of the shadow , into shot , carry a couple of roll rug . allnut you better sleep ' ere under the awnin ' , miss , ' case it rain . ' ere 's a coupla rug . there be not no fleas in them . rose where will you sleep ? he unroll a rug and spread it on the bottom of the boat as he talk . allnut forrard , miss . I can fix up a sorta bed outa they case . rose the -- explosive ? he spread the other rug . allnut sure , miss . wo not do them no ' arm . the idea be queer to Rose , but everything be now . rose ( a little curtly ) all right . allnut be sure you cover up good . get a bit chilly on the river , towards mornin' . rose all right . allnutt return into the bow . swing and hold camera a couple of second on the shadow ; he be vaguely visible and there be the sound of he arrange the gelatine case . close shot -- rose finish she hair into the second of two short , tight braid . she reach into the tin box and under the dark dress and bring out the fold spare clothing . SOUND of the picture rattling against the bottom . with one hand she put she hat and she comb in on top . she close the box . hold on the close box a moment . close shot -- rose -- ( another angle ) on one rug and beneath another , in she dress , Rose arrange the spare clothes as a pillow and settles she head ; from the instant it settles she be immensely but not unhappily tired . over allnutt 's line , o.s. , she eye focus and follow he sentence , sleepily in the lantern light . allnutt' voice ( o.s. ) I will turn out the light if you be ready , miss . rose quite ready . the light on she face begin to dwindle . close shot -- allnutt -- ( from her angle ) at the lantern . he turn it down . he neither look at Rose nor take squeamish care not to . allnut ( quietly , impersonally , when the light be very low ) ' night miss . rose -- ( as before ) in the lower light . rose ( as quietly and impersonally ) good night , Mr. allnutt . o.s. , the SOUND of he blow out the lantern ; darkness . the darkness be almost total for a second ; then there be faint visibility . o.s. , very subdued , the brief sound of allnutt 's settling - down ; then silence from he . deeply subdued , the sound of water slowly dwindle and die entirely , and Rose 's eye be close . her mouth soften a little and open a little ; in sleep she face be even more deeply virginal than when she be awake . but now in she sleep one hand move up to she throat and slip inside she dress , next the skin . close shot -- allnutt in a similar hover shot , asleep in he nest of explosive - box . he be not snore , but with each exhalation he lip blow out lightly , with a small SOUND of " puhhh " -- " puhhh ... " in he sleep , comfortably , he fumble hand scratch he haunch . there be no sound of water . fade out : fade in : close shot -- across top of awning -- ( night ) it be raining , quietly but firmly . close shot -- vertical -- over allnutt it be raining into he face . not quite waking , he pull he blanket over he face . close shot -- vertical -- allnutt' feet as the pull - up blanket expose they to the quietly increase rain . they pull up under the blanket like a touch snail into its shell . close shot -- allnutt' face he be peer disconsolately from under the tear blanket . the rain be increase . he glance aft . medium shot -- allnutt -- full -length the rain be bristle meanly all over the hunch blanket ; he get up , wrapping it around he , and walk past camera . medium shot -- allnutt -- ( past rose ) he come in under the leaky awning and on into a close shot -- allnutt as he come under the awning as quietly as he can , clearly try not to wake up Rose . he lie down beside she , camera tilting and bring rose in close up , and rise into vertical two shot above they . Rose be asleep . he be be just as discreet and careful as he can , but the margin of dryness be narrow ; in avoidance of leakiness , and effort to settle himself comfortably , he jostle she awake . she wake up , face he ( he head and body be turn from she ) and instantly assume the worst of he . in profound shock and outrage , she sit up and clutches she rug about she -- though she be wear a dress . rose Mr. allnutt ! allnut ( turn , murmure ) sorry I wake you , miss . rose ( across he line ; she eye cold blaze ) what be you do here ? he meet she eye and understand what she think of he . he be very much astonished and embarrassed . close shot -- allnutt allnut blimey , miss ! close shot -- rose rose ( measure she word , with she really terrifying quiet anger ) get out -- this instant ! close shot -- allnutt he feel a explanation be hopeless and be beyond word anyhow . he get up out of the shot . close shot -- rose settling down prostrate again . her eye follow he in cold fury . close shot -- allnutt -- ( from her viewpoint ) as he walk humbly out into the rain . a splendid outburst of thunder and lightning blind and deafen the screen , and the rain really cut loose . close shot -- rose the thunderbolt make she leap like a salmon ; spray from the rain get at she face , even under the awning . now she understand and she be a bit embarrassed and sorry ; she change eye look at allnutt . close shot -- allnutt -- ( from her viewpoint ) he be sit , hunch , in the open , patiently adjust the blanket over he head . he be face away from she . rose ( o.s. ) Mr. allnutt . her voice be barely audible in smash rain . he do not hear . close shot -- rose rose ( call loudly ) Mr. allnutt ! medium shot -- allnutt -- ( from her viewpoint ) he turn he head sadly towards she . rose ( loud , o.s . ) you may come in out of the rain , Mr. allnutt ! he look unsure of himself , but get up and come towards she . he stumble against a awning stanchion and get a cataract down he neck and come along under the profusely leaky awning towards Rose , stooping , then lie down and adjust he bedding ; he be whimper gently . allnut thanks , miss . close shot -- rose -- ( past allnutt ) rose certainly , Mr. allnutt . vertical two shot -- allnutt and rose allnut ( after a pause ) miss ... rose yes , Mr. allnutt ? allnut sorry I give you such a turn . rose that 's quite all right , Mr. allnutt . allnut thanks , miss. night . rose goodnight , Mr. allnutt . he turn away from she and try to make himself comfortable . a quick drop-drip-dropping of water start directly into he face . he miserably pull he head out of the way and it drop loudly onto the board beside he . back to she , allnutt huddle into the dry space , do he best not to touch she , yet to stay dry . as camera descend into close up of both , he have already drop off . upon one elbow she hover over he , watch he , with a strange cool virginal tenderness . splatterings of rain which have hit the bench above they , spray he sleep face . gently but inhumanly , as if he be a ugly little doll , she draw a corner of she rug across he , to protect he . fade out : fade in : full shot -- the african queen move down the river . the water be almost painfully bright in the midday sun . medium close shot -- rose at the tiller . there be a new shading of pleasure and confidence in she expression . she be almost smile . close shot -- allnutt in the kill sunlight , and beside the devastating heat of fire and boiler ( a extreme shimmer of heat wave ) ; he be half - drown in sweat , yet he face be unconcern as he oil the cylinder . two shot -- rose and allnutt rose what a frightfully strong smell , be not it ! I suppose it 's bound to be at its worst in the middle of the day . allnut what smell ? rose the river . I never realize before how very strongly it smell . allnutt sniff at it , curiously . allnut hmm . so it do , now I notice it . guess I be on the water so much , I forget all about it . rose it 's like marigold . stale one . allnut ( try again ) do not guess I ever smelt no marigold . rose well , they smell just like this . allnut do , huh ? not a very good smell for a flower . rose they be very pretty , though . marigolds . allnut be , eh ? he put on some more fuel . o.s. , a noise of soft roaring begin . allnutt 's eye hear it and look mean and happy ; he start aft . two shot -- rose and allnutt as he sit down , with cruel and secret pleasure , the roar louden . rose Mr. allnutt . allnut ( all innocence ) yes ? rose what be that roaring sound ? allnut ( lick he chop ) oh , that ? rapid , miss . rose really ? so soon ? allnut just around the bend . ( pause ) kind of dangerous . ( pause ) p'rap I better take over , miss . rose you be ready to -- but I would like to try it . allnut ( gloat ) well -- maybe that 's a good idear at that , miss. ( malicious ) learn by doin ' , like they say . medium shot -- the rapid shoot against the prow of the African Queen , which be charge downstream quite rapidly . the noise of water be joltingly louder . close up -- allnutt past he , wild water , rock , a swiftly move , rag shore . he be pretend to tinker with the engine , in order to leave Rose alone with she fear . he be a little scared , know that Rose be a neophyte at steering and be a woman , may get rattle -- but mainly he be feel fine -- by God , this will big rapid . he take time off for a quick glance back at she ( o.s. ) ; turn back to he tinkering , he face be even more satisfied . rose -- medium close shot -- ( from he angle ) her face be extraordinarily chisele and tense ; she eye be hard as diamond . we can easily suppose she expression to be one of cold terror , as allnutt do . note : this scene be to last about thirty second . the rapid be to be rough enough to excite and to give a considerable sense of hazard , but they be mild compare to what will be see later on . a fair amount of the scene be just racing through loud , rag water , but there be to be perhaps three real hazard . they might , for instance , be : the two rock the scene open with ; a bury rock , just spot and avoid in the nick of time , scare the daylight out of allnutt and tightening Rose 's face still more into this simulacrum of fear ( he be comfort out of he own fear , see this face ) ; and , catch between rock , jutting into they only available channel , a large jag tree-limb , bony - look as antler . there 's no way out : Rose drive dead against it with a instinct for the angle which will bring against it the most powerful leverage : it hit hard and there be a tremendous noise of cracking and breakage . within another couple of second they be in quieter water ; within a couple more , the water be almost normal , the roar be fade . the boat have slowed down . the engine SOUND be near normal balance ; Rose distinctly relax , and sit down ; allnutt relax at he tinkering , and finish it off with a bit of a flourish . ( from the break of the branch , shoot from amidship , sternward , on Rose past allnutt . ) while he stand , back to Rose , finish he tinkering , allnutt look happy as a clam and thoroughly smug . everything 's the way he want it , now . he check he gauge , o.s. , and turn away , and stroll back towards Rose with something of a swagger . two shot -- rose and allnutt as allnutt seat himself a little too smugly on the sternbench at right angle to Rose . he size she up for a couple of second , greatly relishing the moment . allnut ( quietly gloat ) well , miss , have enough ? rose enough ? of what , Mr. allnutt ? allnut White water . rapid . now ya get a taste of it , how d'ya like it ? huh ? rose very much indeed . ( allnutt 's eye change ; he mouth fall open a little ) I would never dream that any -- any mere -- er -- physical experience could be so -- so stimulate . he just keep look at she . he begin to need a cigarette . without take he eye off she he get one out . Rose be quite unaware of what she be do to allnutt -- much friendlier in she tone than ever before . rose ( fishing up the mot juste ) so -- exhilate . allnutt put the cigarette between he lip , and get out a match ; he be still watch she ; every moment , he be more and more deeply aghast . rose I notice that near rock , the water seem to push away from the rock . one must take that into account in steering , must not one ? allnutt scratch a match ; it fail to light . he get another . rose you know , I have only know such -- excitement a few time before . his look inquiry of she . he get a match light . rose a few time , in my dear brother 's sermon , when the Spirit be really upon he . allnutt raise the match to light he cigarette . his eye leave hers for the lighting . his eye look bruise and sick ; he hand be shaking . he stand up , in quiet desperation , to beat it into she thick head . rose tell I , Mr. allnutt . he look up at she hopelessly . allnut ( just manage to shape the sound ) yes ? rose I steer rather well for a beginner , do not I ? allnut ( without spirit ) not so bad , miss , considerin' . but that be not such bad water -- nothin ' compare to what 's farther on . rose I can hardly wait ! ( allnutt look as if he could wait quite a while . a pause ) now that I have have a taste of it I do not wonder you love boat ! he give she one last flabbergasted , hopeless look , wheel abruptly and walk away -- camera swinging , lose Rose -- and sit near the engine , turn away from she , look crumpled and beat . he be still shaking he head . o.s. , blithely , Rose hum the open bar of guide I , o thou great jehovah . allnutt shift a little as if to look at she ; have not the heart to ; shudder faintly ; and stretch he shaking hand toward the furnace . dissolve to : detail shot -- gin bottle ( two - third full ) as allnutt pull out cork , with luscious SOUND . two shot -- rose and allnutt ( at right angle in stern seat ) shot slightly favor allnutt . late twilight ; the boat be moor near a bank . Rose be take a swallow of steaming tea ; she lower she cup . allnutt 's full mug of tea stand beside he on the bench , untouched . Rose watch he with interest . allnutt lift the bottle to drink ; he raise he eye and meet hers ; sullen and defiant . he put the bottle in he mouth , cock it up and drink deep of neat gin ; past the bottle , the hostility of he eye increase . Rose look perplex . the rum gin burn he ; he have a brief spasm of the gasp shake . he try not to show this , and avoid she eye . genuine concern blend with she perplexity . rose ( gently ) be something the matter , Mr. allnutt ? he meet she eye again , sullen , a little bitter . his eye still on hers , he raise the bottle , cock it up showily , and drink again -- look at she past the bottle . the gin make sweat start out on he forehead . he keep on , though , take a deep drink , watch she all the time . finally he bring the bottle down . his eye go out of focus , against he will . and against he will and pride , he wipe the sweat off he forehead with the palm of he hand , and the sweat from he hand onto he shirt . rose ( gently , again ) tell I . he look at she with angry reproach . a pause . allnut ( already affect by the gin ; proud and sullen ) nothin ' . a pause . he raise the bottle ; lower it . allnut nothin ' you would understand . he drink . rose ( after wait he out ) I want to understand . I just can not imagine what 's the matter . it 's be such a pleasant day . ( pause ) what be it , Mr. allnutt ? allnutt look at she bitterly . suddenly he look mad and stand up . just as suddenly he sit down again . this make he sore at she . allnut ( bitterly ; after a pause ) all this fool talk about the louisa . goin ' down the river ... rose what do you mean ? allnut I mean we be not goin ' to do nothin ' of the sort . he need a drink on this , but Rose interrupt . rose why , of course we be go ! what a absurd idea ! allnut ( feel he oat and he gin ; mimick nastily ) what a absurd idea ! what a absurd idea ! Lady , I may be a bear fool , but you get ten absurd idear to my one , a ' do not you forget it ! ( pause . speechless with scorn and resentment ) huh ! he drink . a pause . rose ( with a glimmer of tact ) why do not you want to go , Mr. allnutt ? allnut what do I want to blow up sumpin ' for ? you tell I . yeah . you tell I . that 's all ! rose ( quietly ) why do not you want to go ? a pause . allnut ( sullenly ) already come further and I ever mean to . do not hardly even know the river , this far down . ( bitterly and a little incoherently ) only come this far ' cause there you be all by you lonesome , lose you brother and all -- wot you get for feelin ' sorry for people . rose ( quietly ) why , Mr. allnutt ? allnut this river . that 's why . an' Shona . rose Shona ! allnut ( mimick she tone , nastily ) Shona ! ( pause ) if there 's any place along the whole river the Germans will keep a lookout , it will be Shona . ' Cause that 's where the old road ferries over from the South . rose but they can not do anything to we ! allnut oh , they can not , eh ? they get rifle , maybe machine gun , maybe even cannon , a ' just one bullet in that blastin ' gelatine a ' , miss , what 's leave of we would be in bit and piece . rose then we will go by at night . allnut oh no , we will not ! rose ( with asperity ) now why not ? allnut ' Cause the rapid start just a little way below Shona , a ' they be not nobody in he right mind 'ud tackle them even in daylight , let alone at night . rose then we will go in daylight . we will go on the far side of the river from Shona , just as fast as ever we can . allnut ( a sudden realization . boozily , sorely ) -- say , who do you think you be , all this we will do this a ' we will do that ? ' oose boat be this , any 'ow ? ' oo ask you aboard ? huh ? huh ? you crazy , psalm -singin ' , skinny old may . close up -- rose in the first phase of realization , she lower lip thrust out like a shovel or like the lower lip of a baby within a stone 's throw of cry , and she eye look soft with dampness . then she catch she lower lip between she tooth in she effort to restrain herself , and she eye harden with self - discipline . then she do not need the tooth any more . her lip be tight and thin . her whole face be edgy . her eye be hard with bitter resentment and with hatred . slowly , without move she head or alter she face , she lift she tea into the shot and drink , and lower the cup out of the shot . her face grow still harder and more immovable . against this , o.s. , mostly in breathy , lonesome undertone , on one or two phrase loudly and assertively , allnutt be sing , rottenly and inchoately , some part of the follow : allnutt' voice ( o.s. ; sing ) gimmy regards ter Leicester Square sweet Piccadilly an' myefair , remember I to the folk darn there they will under-sta-and . slow fade on Rose as first daylight begin to appear . fade in slow fade : ext . river and the african queen -- medium close shot -- allnutt he be prostrate beside the engine in early morning sunlight . except that he eye be close , he look as if he have be dead for about a day . o.s. , the harsh scraping of break glass against wood and the happy shout of early bird ; also the quiet gurgle of river water . for a few second , this sound do not even register . then they reach into he and he wince profoundly . ( note : suddenly and painfully exaggerate all sound . ) his dry mouth work a little . his eyelid twitch . the eye open -- and shut fast ; light be painful to he . o.s. , the SOUND of a small avalanche of break glass be throw overside and hit the water . Rose 's hand reach down past the far side of he head and pick up a empty bottle and a almost empty bottle , and withdraw from shot . allnutt register vague awareness that someone be near , but do not open he eye . o.s. , again painfully exaggerated , the SOUND of the gin case be dragge along the deck . his eye still shut , allnutt suffer intense pain . he open he eye , squeeze they tight shut ( which hurt he badly ) , open they again , and gaze up past camera in listless , uncomprehend horror . rose -- ( from he viewpoint ) she be in painfully bright , early sunlight , and she be wear white . she have lift the bottle and the case to the bench beside she . she kneel on the bench , aloof to the camera . she toss the empty bottle astern . she be on the verge of dispose of the gin in the nearly - empty bottle ; on second think she sniff at it with mistrustful curiosity ; she reaction indicate disgust with the smell , with drink , and with allnutt . she turn the bottle upsidedow and let the content pour overside into the river , and toss the bottle contemptuously astern . allnutt -- ( same angle as before ) -- a little closer his eye be bloodshot and be swim with tear induce by the light . he do not quite take in what he see . allnut ( a whimper moan , pure misery ; not for what he see ) oh ... oh ...! allnutt shut he eye . o.s. , the glug-g-glugging of a full bottle . he look again . he begin to comprehend and what he see be , to he , terrible and almost unbelievable . allnut ( with deeper feel but quietly ; reacting now to what he see ) oh ...! o.s. , the SOUND of another flung bottle hit the water , and of another be open . allnutt , use all he strength , manage to lift he head from the floor . the effort be so exhaust and the pain so excruciate that he just let it fall ; the bang be even more agonizing . he lick he dry lip with he dry tongue and try speak . allnut ( in a voice like a crow ) miss . rose -- ( from he viewpoint ) she be empty gin and pay he no attention . allnutt' voice ( o.s. ) miss ? she pay he no attention except to turn the invert bottle to absolute verticle . allnutt -- ( as before ) -- a little closer allnut have pity , miss ! ( pause ; SOUND of " glug - glug " o.s . ) miss ? ( " glug -glug " ) oh , miss , you do not know what you be doin ' ... I will perish without a hair o' the dog . SOUND , o.s. , of bottle hit water . allnut ( continue ) ai not you property , miss . SOUND , o.s. , of a new bottle be open . camera creep closer on allnutt , whose eye become that of a man in hell who know , now , that he sentence be official , and permanent . with terrible effort , he lift he head and shoulder . medium close shot -- rose -- ( neutral angle ) -- normal exposure she be empty gin . she hear the sound of allnutt 's move o.s . her hard face harden still more . she glance towards he , continue to pour . medium shot -- allnutt -- ( from her viewpoint ) he be with great pain and effort get himself to he knee and he arm onto the side bench . it may seem for a moment that he be go to try to come at Rose and make a struggle for it , but no : he now get he knee to the bench and hang he body far out over the gunwale and drink ravenously of the muddy water . he overhang so far that he be in clear danger of fall in . rose -- ( same angle as before ) -- a little closer she be watch he . sound , o.s. , of the gin empty , and of he drink . she be aware he may fall in and she do not care . allnutt -- ( as before ) he finish drink and tremulously pull himself back , and turn , and collapse into a sit position on the bench . rose -- ( as before ) she be open another bottle and casually watch he , and as casually look away . she be pitiless , vengeful , contemptuous , and disgust . allnutt -- medium close shot -- ( neutral angle ) his head hang between he knee ; he hand hang ape-like beside he ankle . after a little he be able to lift he head . he prop he temple between he hand and he elbow on he knee . he be so weak that one elbow slip , let he head fall with a nasty jolt and a whimper of anguish . he set himself more carefully solid and gaze ahead of he at the floor . allnut oh ...! rose -- ( as before ) she ignore he completely ; she lay the flap back from some can meat . allnutt -- ( as before ) he get out and fumblingly light a cigarette ; he hand be shaky . he take a deep drag and it give he a dreadful fit of cough . he glance toward she piteously . rose -- ( as before ) she be slice bread ; she ignore he . his cough be loud , o.s . allnutt -- ( as before ) recover from he spasm , he timidly try a lighter drag . this time he can taste it . it taste foul . he put it out , carefully , for later use , take one look at it , and disconsolately toss it overside . he look again towards Rose . he look away again . he sigh deeply and bury he face in he hand . o.s. , they SOUND abnormally sharp , the bird be sing like mad . dissolve to : medium shot -- rose -- ( mid - afternoon ) she be sit on a side - bench in the shade of the awning , calmly read she Bible . she be in a clean white dress , exactly like the one she wear yesterday . not a hair be out of place in she tight hair - do . her bare foot be cross demurely at the ankle . she sit up straight . she look very cool , consider the weather . pull back , bring in she day 's work : up past she leave , pin to the edge of the awning , hang she newly - launder dress and undergarment , full of sunlight . there be a few ineradicable streak of grease in the dress . on the bench to she right , she sewing - basket and some evidently finish sewing chore . o.s. , the steady gurgling of river water among the treeroot of the bank ; the nervous scraping of a razor . formal shot -- the engine it look much cleaner than ever before . ( same sound o.s . ) the camera be rising as the shot open . it soon bring in allnutt 's head , past the engine , very hot-look in strong sunlight . he be shave . slow panning detail . a welter of wet footprint and splash , soapy deck , allnutt 's clean bare heel glisten high in the shot as he stand shave . camera tilt and bring in a drown sliver of soap . allnutt 's filthy clothes , a wet and arrestingly filthy towel . same sound o.s. , razor-scraping a little up . past the back of allnutt 's head on he close reflection in a small mirror , hang from a funnel - stay ; past that , Rose . allnutt be shave ; Rose , in b.g. , be read . it be painful to take off as much beard as allnutt have be carry , and he be not a man who take pain easily ; but he do he best to keep he reaction private , and by now he be nearly through . he be whistling softly against he tooth , and frown at he reflect work with the concentration of a surgeon . he know , however , that he be visible to Rose , and unwisely keep glance towards she ( she never look up once ) ; thanks to this , he let the razor slip . allnut ow ... cut myself . he glance sharply at Rose to see if she have take any notice . she do not glance up . allnutt resent this bitterly . he finish shave , and stroke he smooth cheek with satisfaction . Rose turn a page . with a rembrandt 's patience and concern , he perfect , with he comb , the ideal coiffure , with a artistic quiff along the forehead . his eye go vain . he treat himself , in reflection , to he idea of what the Lord of creation should look like . then he glance towards Rose , who keep on read . his look be aloof , mile above she . close up -- rose SOUND o.s. , of allnutt 's entrance past the engine . she do not glance up , but she eyelid flicker . allnutt -- ( past rose ) he walk a couple of step towards she in the brilliant sunlight , swagger a little . then he stand still , the stag at Eve , look at she with a certain high contempt . he be obviously challenging response and recognition . he get none . allnut ( after a pause ; scornfully ) huh ! he walk in under the shade of the awning and into medium close up -- ( camera swinging past and opposite rose ) as he sit down . after another silence , he decide on a new approach . he arrange he face to express high good humor . allnut ( brightly ) well , miss , ' ere we be , everything ship -shape , like they say . pull away to two shot of Rose and allnutt , as he await she reaction . no answer . allnut ( continue ) great thing to ' ave a lyedy aboard , with clean ' abit . set I a good example . a man alone , 'e get to livin ' like a bloomin ' ' og . ( no answer ) then , too , with I , it 's always -- put thing orf . never do todye wot ya can put orf till tomorrer . ( he chuckle and look at she , expect she to smile . not a glimmer from Rose ) but you : business afore pleasure , every time . do yer per ' nal laundry , make yerself spic a ' span , get all the mendin ' out o' the way , a ' then , an' hone - ly then , set down to a nice quiet hour with the good-book . ( he watch for something ; she register nothing ) I tell you , it 's a model for I , like . a inspiration . I be not get that ole engine so clean in year ; inside a ' out , miss . just look at 'er , miss ! she practically sparkles . ( Rose evidently do not hear he ) myself , too . guess you be not never 'ad a look at I without whisker a ' all clean up , ' ave you , miss ? ( no look ) freshens you up , too ; if I only 'ad clean clothes , like you . ( huh - uh ) now you : why you could be at 'igh tea . ( no recognition from Rose ) ' ow ' bout some tea , miss , come to think of it ? do not you stir ; I will get it ready . Rose do not stir . allnutt be run low . a little silence , now . he watch she read . allnut ( continue ) ' ow 's the book , miss ? ( no answer ) not that I be not read it , some -- that be to say , I ole lyedy read I storey out of it . ( no answer ; pause ) ' ow ' bout readin ' it out loud , eh , miss ? ( silence ) I would like to 'ave a little spiritual comfort m'self . ( silence ; he flare up ) a ' you call yerself a Christian ! ( silence ) you ' ear I , miss. ( silence ) do not yer ? ( silence ; a bright cruel idea . louder , lean to she ) do not yer ? ( silence . suddenly , at the top of he lung ) huh ?? extreme close up -- rose in spite of herself she flinch ; but swiftly control it . long shot -- from other side of the river a half mile of hot , empty water , then jungle , silent on a dream of heat . on the far side the tiny boat and the two infinitesimal passenger . after two second , allnutt 's " huh ? " be hear . extreme close up -- rose in she face be victory , cruelty , and tremendous secret gratification : a jocasta digest she young . the echo come . over it -- CUT to : extreme close up -- allnutt a second , further echo come , and die . allnut ( yell ) heyy !! watchful , listen , he walk out of shot ; camera lower to Rose , whose quiet , pitiless eye -- wholly unamuse -- follow he secretly . the echo return to she ; she resume read . two shot -- favoring allnutt ( past rose ) he wander all over the boat , camera always centering he , always shifting past the statue- like reader . he bark like a dog ; he yowl like a tomcat ; he roar like a lion ; he bleat like a goat ; he crow like a rooster . finally he sicken of it and walk back past she to he old seat at right angle to she . medium close shot -- allnutt as he sit . clearly now he be go to try silent decorum , in imitation of she . he cross he ankle in imitation , and settles he hand in he lap , and even hold he head primly , watch she . but something itches he under the arm and he scratch -- first covertly and insufficiently , then to he heart 's content . his exertion have work up quite a sweat ; the midge of late afternoon convene enthusiastically about he head . he look bitterly towards Rose . medium close shot -- rose there be not a bug near she . take she time , she finish the last page and , not hurry , but without pause , start right in on Genesis . swing camera , lose Rose , bring allnutt into closeup . he hate she and the good Book . pull away into two shot -- of Rose and allnutt . after a few moment of silent , motionless tableau , allnutt hat , Rose read , he speak . allnut feller take a drop too much once in a while . T 's only yoomin nyture . rose ( remotely ) nature , Mr. allnutt , be what we be put into this world to rise above . allnut miss , I be sorry . I ' pologize . there . what more can a man do than say he 's sorry . eh ? ( no answer ) you do pay I back , miss . do not even leave I a drop . ( no answer ) come on , miss . ' Ave a 'eart , can not ya ? Fair 's fair . ( no answer ) miss , I do not care wot ya say , long 's you say somepin . ( no answer ) I will be honest with ya , miss : I just can not stand no more of it . I be not use to it , that 's all . a pause . rose so you think it be you nasty drunkenness I mind . a foolish , helpless gesture from allnutt . allnut ( bewilder ) well -- wot else ? rose you lie to I . allnut ( with earnest dignity ) lied ? oh no , miss . lyin 's one thing I do not never do . not unless there 's no way out . rose you promise we would go down the river . he be so honestly flabbergasted , this bring he up on he foot , goggle at she . when he can find word : allnut why , miss ! be that wot it 's all about ? rose of course . he draw a deep breath and sit down closer to she than before . he begin quietly , with great patience and reasonableness . allnut now for the last time , miss . just try and listen , will not you ? try to understand . ( Rose look at he coldly ; she jaw be set ) it 's sure death a dozen time over down this river . I 'ate to disappoint you , miss . but do not blyme I . blyme the river . rose you promise . allnut ( shouting ) well , I be takin ' my promise back ! he get up and stride away , camera centering he , and walk past the engine . close up -- rose she watch after he . she be not a hundred per cent sure of victory ; only ninety - five or so . dissolve to : close up -- allnutt -- ( dawn ) he be asleep on he box of high explosive . o.s. , sound of early bird -- and of Rose 's bustling , and of a strong breeze , and of leave . presently he stir , groan and open he eye . after a moment he glance in she direction . close shot -- rose she be readying the fire for tea . allnutt -- ( as before ) after a little , allnutt give up . he creakily , painfully rise from he bed and get up into : medium shot -- from outside the boat -- ( on line with engine amidship ) he walk towards camera into close up and pass engine , camera swinging into two shot of Rose and allnutt . Rose be thrust a saucepan of water into the crackle furnace . allnutt pause shyly . allnut ( a pitiful effort to sound casual , and dignify ) G 'mornin ' , miss . Rose straighten up and do not even see he , and turn and walk away , camera on she , lose allnutt . she sit on the stern bench and get out bread and one mug and a can , and start open the can . he do not exist . after a few second , he walk into the shot , back - to , and sit down on a right - angle bench , a few foot away from she . she continue open the can . he light a cigarette from the open tin ; it be damp and swollen from the night air , light slowly , and taste poorly , but he try to make the best of it . o.s. , the SOUND of hot water join that of the crackle fire . Rose get up with a cloth for the hot handle and walk up past allnutt into close up and out of shot . sound , o.s. , of she get out the water and shutting the door . allnutt 's eye follow she , wretchedly , wherever she go . she reenter the shot , back - to , and return to she place , still ignore allnutt , and start fix tea for herself . close up -- allnutt -- neutral angle he be watch she ; the last of he stay - power be dissolve . medium close shot -- rose -- ( from he viewpoint ) she be stir she tea and now she drink some . allnutt -- close shot -- ( neutral angle ) he be watch she and thorough despair be in he eye , and unconsciously he head begin to shake a little . rose -- ( as before ) now she be eat bread and can meat . allnutt -- ( as before ) he stop shaking he head and just look . allnut ( quietly ) all right , miss . you win . closer shot -- rose -- ( as before ) she meet he eye , immediately , but say nothing . allnutt -- ( from her angle ) allnut ( accept utter defeat ) down the river we go . he turn to the engine . two shot -- rose and allnutt rose ( quietly ) have some breakfast , Mr. allnutt . he be so move by this line that he be on the verge of tear . rose or , no . get up steam . Breakfast can wait . he react with the quiet hopelessness of a slave ; one beat look at she , get to he foot and walk towards camera and engine , fill screen . dissolve to : shoot forward along port side of boat -- ( about nine in the morning ) the boat be go along at full speed . Boat fill most of r.s. , a downstream vista of the river , and the bank , las . the breeze be strong now ; two - foot wave ; clear sunlight . a calmly exhilate noise of water and , o.s. , strong , the SOUND of the engine . straight across the boat -- on allnutt he be sit on the starboard bench , back to the sun , transfer can meat to bread . the floor of the shot be a high stack of firewood . the leave wall of the shot be the engine . rose ( o.s. , call something not fully distinguishable , as ) which bank be Shona on ? allnut ( shouting ; lean he ear towards she ) ' ow 's that ? rose -- from same position of camera -- ( different angle ) she be at the tiller but in spite of cross-bucke the wave she now have the casualness of experience . except for much more difficult steering , she do not have to think much about it now . her hair be do up , but have blow part free . her dress be fleck with the dampness of blow water . rose ( shouting ) which bank be Shona on ? allnut ( loudly , o.s . ) Left . on a hill . rose ( shouting ) good . the sun will be in they eye . allnut ( o.s. ) huh ? rose ( louder , gesture ) the sun . will be in they eye . allnutt -- ( as before ) it be become more real to he now . he glance towards she . he set he breakfast aside , get up , and go past the engine into the bow section . rose -- ( as before ) her eye strain curiously after he . medium shot -- allnutt -- ( in the bow section ) he walk in among the box of blast gelatine , he face troubled , and look down at they . the box -- ( from a angle opposing that of he eye ) they be dispose irregularly in the sunlight ; they red line look sinister . medium close up shot -- on allnutt as , with face still more troubled , he bend over and lift a box . reverse angle -- allnutt -- ( side to camera ) the prow and river beyond he ; he be stack the box along the port bow . he have stick a rug between they and the hull . now he stack the last box and cover it with a rug . he stand and look at the rug a moment , rather helplessly , then turn to camera and into medium shot ; he face be still more badly worried . he glance back towards Rose . he stoops and drag the heavy cylinder into the starboard bow , trimming ship . he walk back towards the engine , mop he forehead . rose -- ( as before ) she be watch he curiously . allnutt -- ( from her angle ) as he come past the engine , he meet she eye , and look away . he go towards he bench and breakfast . allnutt -- medium close shot as he sit down . he glance towards he gauge and resume eat . but he appetite be not so good now . rose ( o.s. , not quite distinguishably ) do not worry , Mr. allnutt . allnut if a bullet hit they box , there will be no time to worry . take he knife to use it eat , he suddenly go still and wary with a new idea . he glance secretly at the knife , and secretly towards the engine . insert : a piece of rotted rubber hose , part of the water line . allnutt -- ( as before ) his face get still darker with guile . with a clumsy imitation of concern for the engine , he get up and walk out of the shot , the open knife in he hand fill the screen . two shot -- past engine -- favoring allnutt ( close ) rose stand in background . as he pretend to tinker with the engine below shot , he eye flicker towards the hose and the knife and think , obviously , of danger and of Rose , of whom he be painfully aware . it be clear by he eye and face that he be try desperately to make up he mind to cut the hose ; and delay because he so dread the consequence with Rose , who be watch he with mild curiosity . the decision be take out of he hand . past he , Rose look with interest ahead , off the port bow . rose ( shouting and point ) Mr. allnutt ! she shift course sharp to starboard . allnutt hear she and look around and see she point , and quickly turn and look ahead and to port . great fear come into he face , but also some excitement unrelated to fear . long shot -- past allnutt and the engine as a curve open , the wall hill - town of Shona be disclose . above one building of corrugate iron , a german flag fly . extreme close up -- allnutt besides the fear and excitement in he face , indecisiveness reach the point of agony . past he , the right bank of the river approach , move more and more swiftly . medium close shot -- rose she be near the bank . she straighten she course . extreme close up -- allnutt he glance desperately toward the rubber hose . insert : rubber hosing . allnutt -- ( as before ) he glance desperately towards Shona . Shona be swinging wide into view . people be see , include two man apparently in uniform . allnutt glance desperately towards he knife . insert : he close the knife and slip it into he pocket . allnutt -- ( as before ) his face be commit helplessly to catastrophe . he turn he head to call to Rose . reverse angle -- medium close -- allnutt allnut ( over he shoulder , as he crouch ) keep as low as ya can , miss . rose -- ( from he angle ) she nod , and crouch below the bench , she hand still high to steer . insert : the rubber hose . as it burst ; a strong spume of water . close up -- allnutt eye to SOUND . close up -- rose eye to SOUND . insert : the water gauge slowly drop . allnutt -- another close up as with frantic speed he get tape and a piece of flat rubber out of he toolbox . insert : rubber hose , as allnutt clap the rubber to the burst hose and start taping ; water still escape abundantly . close up -- allnutt -- ( from angle of hose insert ) his desperate face as he work . insert : the pressure gauge , sink . insert : the water gauge , still lower . o.s. , the engine SOUND slow and fade to a lugubrious clanking , then stop altogether . from here on , very quiet but in all shot on the boat , steadily louder , a faint rumbling roar , o.s. , the rapid . medium shot -- rose anxious and much interested , but no fear . allnut ( o.s. ) just turn 'er loose , miss . let 'er drift . Rose look uncomprehend . medium shot -- allnutt -- ( from her angle ) he be hard at work . there be no pencil of steam any more . allnut ( over shoulder ; bawling desperately in the silence ) let 'er drift ! all we can do ! rose -- ( as before ) she nod . she release the tiller . o.s. , the SOUND of a bullet ; follow , second later , by the report of a rifle . Rose look towards Shona and towards allnutt . allnutt -- ( as before ) he be work . Water be still splattering . allnut ( over shoulder ) ' Cross we bow , I reckon . do not ' it we any 'ow . he duck still lower to he work . long shot -- the african queen and its occupant , through field glass , from high bank . even so , they be small , on the far side of the river . 1st officer ( o.s. in german ) but why do not they put in ? 2 nd officer ( o.s. in german ) probably they be make for the lower landing . across this : CUT to : long shot ( not through glass ) -- lower landing deep in l.s. , the lower landing , which be small . High in r.s. , the African Queen . medium shot -- 1st and 2 nd officer and swahili troops on hard , bare ground , corrugate iron building , and german flag , and a portion of the town , in b.g . 1st Officer be a moderately stupid german . 2nd Officer be a moderately intelligent german . the swahilis , in they white , with they elderly martini rifle , be all eye and tooth and excitement -- and eagerness to use they weapon . 1st officer ( in german ) Fire twice more across they bow . 2nd Officer raise rifle , with telescopic sight . long shot -- the african queen -- ( through cross - haire sight ) rake from stern to stem . 2 nd officer ( o.s. in german ) she be adrift . 1st officer ( o.s. in german ) Fire . the shot move ahead of the boat . a little kick in the shot as the rifle fire ; SOUND o. s. the boat advance into the shot . 1st officer ( o.s. in german ) again . the shot again lead the boat safely . some kick , SOUND o. s. , and advance of boat as before . medium shot -- the officer and the native 1st officer ( in german ) she 's not turn . long shot -- the boat be opposite the lower landing , still at far shore . 2 nd officer ( o.s. in german ) she can not . she be adrift . officer and men -- ( as before ) 1st officer she could anchor . 2nd Officer have no answer for that . 1st officer ( quietly , to swahili corporal , in swahili ) order you man to fire . the corporal click heel and salute with enthusiasm , and about face , to he man . corporal ( happily and bossily , in swahili or in swahili-esque german ) Fire ! the boy be all eagerness and delight . they hurry forward into : a trucked frieze of medium close ups some fall prone to fire as they have be train ; other stand ; several squat where they take aim . it be clear by they handle of they weapon that they be all farcically lousy shot . a shot along there ragged line -- some prone , some stand . corporal ( with a sweeping gesture ) Fire ! they fire a rag volley , rifle at all sort of angle . medium shot -- allnutt -- ( past rose ) allnutt be still hard at work . the boat be move faster , near the bank . there be a peculiar multiple noise in the air , like bee in a violent hurry , accompany by the SOUND of tear paper . allnut ( crouching still lower at he work ) they get we ! rose -- ( from he angle ) curious about the sound . now come the straggling report of rifle ; a volley echoing back from cliff to cliff . insert : allnutt complete he taping . allnutt -- ( from rose's angle ) step away . rose ( o.s. ) finish ? allnut yes -- if we can get up steam in time , an' the boiler will stand that much cold water , an' the mend hold . he put on a lot of wood , and he get the pump go , cautiously . there be a dangerous strain and crackling SOUND from the boiler as the cold water rush in . across it , there be another buz of bullet . some speckle the water ; some hit the heighten rock cliff above and past the boat ; the report arrive and echo . allnut ( continue ; he have be cring and mute during the buzzing ; he speak across the report ) if only we do not drift into the back eddy . rose -- ( as before ) she nod . she be watch anxiously , helplessly . along starboard -- ( shoot forward from her angle ) the fast current in which they drift , and the slow back -eddy , and they divide line , be visible . swing shot to CENTER along axis of boat and on allnutt. o.s. , there be the SOUND of a much faster bullet , and suddenly , cause allnutt to leap like a stricken faun , the whole boat ring like a harp . insert -- the wire funnel -stay on portside have parte , close above the gunwale . it hang loose by the funnel . allnutt -- medium close shot note and reacting . he turn to Rose , camera swinging into two shot . she have notice it too , but be not particularly frighten . o.s. , there be a metallic smack . they glance up sharply . detail shot -- ( from allnutt' angle ) -- a hole high in the funnel . detail shot -- ( from rose's angle ) -- another hole on the far side of the funnel . insert : water gauge , rise . close shot -- allnutt check gauge , work hard . insert : pressure gauge , rise . close shot -- allnutt crouching . he adjust pump to let more water in . the strain sound intensify . he open the furnace door . long shot -- the boat ( through telescopic sight ) o.s. , the rifle fire ; the shot kick . close shot -- rose as a bullet whine past overhead . o.s. , the furnace door clanks shut and there be a increase SOUND of fire . she look reprimandingly towards the bank . we can scarcely see the figure of the officer and man . the rifle report come through . medium shot -- the officer and men the man be sheepish and downcast in b.g . the 1st Officer , who fire , lower he rifle . the 2nd Officer have field glass . they look at each other . the 1st Officer shrug . 1st officer ( in german ) give it to I . he take the rifle and take careful aim . long shot -- the boat -- ( through the telescopic sight ) he be lead allnutt just a trifle , and leisurely try to perfect he aim . while he take he time , the boat cross the path of the full glare of the sun . he mutter some german expletive under he breath , and fire into blind glare . detail shot -- gelatine box a corner of one of the gelatine box fly apart in splinter . medium close shot -- the two officer as the 1st Officer lower the rifle , he eye hurt by glare , he hand it back to the other . 1st officer ( in german ) Fire at random . corporal everybody shoot . everybody happily start shoot at random . the native love it . full shot -- along the full length of the boat -- on allnutt -- past rose ahead , the escarpment loom , the right bank narrow , a deep shadow between they . the roar be by now almost deafen . allnut ( shouting as loud as he can ) man the tiller now -- we will try . she do not understand ; she do nothing . he gesture -- the manipulation of a tiller . Rose take it . the singing of the bullet be all but inaudible , but three hit the boat . allnutt start the engine . it stammer and gulp and die . the boat swing with great speed into deep , cool shadow as he try again . it stammer and catch , and die . shot past allnutt -- and the prow the water be terribly swift , but not yet stony ; but within a hundred yard ahead there be a terrific cataract . extreme close up -- allnutt -- ( past he , rose ) there be terrific tension in he face , but he be much too busy to be frighten . Rose 's face be a sharpen image of she face among the easier rapid . now that they have come within close , high stone bank , the roar be prodigious . allnutt , below scene , be work on the engine . the cataract -- ( from he angle ) twice as near . allnutt -- ( as before ) the engine catch and rise , just audible above the roar of water . cataract -- ( from allnutt' angle ) they swallow ten of the last twenty yard before the cataract . close up -- rose stand , look intensely ahead , hand firm on tiller . the boat -- ( from allnutt' angle ) as it enter upon the cataract . close up -- allnutt as he drop onto he bench next the engine . allnut we Father who art in Heaven ... the African Queen buck like a bronco . the air be full of spray and of the roar of rush water . allnutt serve the engine with panic in he soul . out of the tail of he eye , he glimpsis rock flash past . close up -- rose she ride the mad tide like a valkyrie , weaving a safe course through the cluster danger . there come a place where the river widen and the sweep of the current take the African Queen over to the opposite bank , as if she be no more than a chip of wood . Rose tug at the tiller with all she strength . the bow come around . it look for a space as if the stern would be flung against the rock . the boat just manage to hold she way . then a backwash catch she , fling she out again into midstream , so that Rose have to force the tiller across with lightning swiftness . hardly be they straight again when the bank close in upon they and Rose must instantly pick out a fresh course , through the rock that stud the surface in flurry of white foam . full shot -- the african queen plunging down a narrow ribbon of water between vertical face of rock . close shot -- allnutt as he wave at the engine and shout something that be drown out by the roar of the water . close up -- rose she shake she head and she lip form the word : " I can not hear . " close shot -- allnutt gesticulate frantically . he move forward into a close up and shout : allnut ( shouting ) need fuel ! we get to get fuel ! close shot -- rose she nod , to show she understanding of they plight . full shot -- the african queen there be a natural dam ahead , only break in the center , and there the water pile up and tumble over in a vast green hump . the launch put she nose and heave up she stern as she hit the pile - up water ; then she shoot down the slope , landing with a crash on the high green wave beneath the waterfall . medium shot -- the african queen -- ( shoot past rose ) Green water come boil over the port deck and into the boat . allnutt must hold onto the engine to keep from be sweep off he foot . it seem as though the African Queen be doom to put she nose deeper and deeper into the torrent until she will submerge entirely -- but at the last possible moment she shake herself loose and come clear . close shot -- rose as she throw she weight on the tiller rose ( shouting ) stop the engine ! close shot -- allnutt as he obey dazedly . medium shot -- the african queen the maneuver be nicely calculate ; the launch 's momentum carry she through the edge of the eddy into the slack water under the lip of the dam . she come up against this natural pier with hardly a bump , and instantly a tremble allnutt be fasten painter to rock . allnut whew !!! full shot -- rose as she start to rise , but find herself weak in the knee , sit back momentarily . despite a empty feel in she stomach and a pound heart , she wear a smile of satisfaction . she look around . they be moor in what must be one of the loveliest corner of Africa . there be numerous shelf on the high bank bear flowering plant which trail shimmer wreath down over the rock . a beam of sunlight reach over the edge of the gorge and turn its spray into a dance shadow . the noise of the fall be not deafen , but rather a pleasant musical accompaniment to the joyful singing of the river . rose how lovely ! allnutt enter the shot from behind camera . she turn she smile on briefly . then raise she eye again to the hang garden above . rose ( continue ) Lovely , be not it . allnut ( follow she gaze ) it be at that . ( he laugh suddenly ) we sure pull it off , do not we , miss ? sucked the Germans in proper . they be so surprised to see the ole African Queen -- they do not think of shootin ' at we till we be almost past . they do not believe anybody would try to get down this gorge . do not believe nobody could . well , we show them , do not we ? ( Rose nod ) not that I would like to do it every day of the week . we take on enough water to sink anything else that float . he reach for the pump and go to work . rose ( come out of she reverie ) here -- let I do that . allnut ( protest ) oh , no , miss . rose please let I . allnut all right -- but do not wear yourself out ... I will pick up some wood . Rose apply herself to the pump . it take she a little while to get into the right rhythm , and when she do , even so small a thing as this bring a thrill of achievement . rose I hardly know what happen after Shona . everything 's a jumble . I have no idea how far we have come or whether it 's morning or afternoon or -- medium shot -- allnutt and rose as allnutt gather wood on the bank . allnut I guess you be too busy , miss , to pay attention to anything but what you be do . rose ( hesitantly ) do I -- do all right ? allnut ( with deep feel ) better and all right , miss ... close up -- rose her face flush with pride . pan shot -- allnutt as he go back onto the boat carry a armload of wood . he be limping a little . he let the wood fall by the engine , then sit down and begin to unlace he canvas shoe . allnut picked up a thorn on the bank , I guess . go right through the rubber sole . rose let I . on she knee , she slip the shoe off ; she take he slender , rather appeal foot into she hand . she find the place of entry of the thorn and press it with she finger - tip while allnutt twitches and jump with absurd ticklishness . rose no , there 's nothing there now . she let he foot go . allnut thank you , miss . he linger on the bench , gaze up at the flower , while Rose linger on she knee at he foot . allnut ( a certain awe in he tone ) it be pretty at that . Rose look up at he face . there be something appeal , almost childlike about the little man as he look wonderingly around . her expression grow tender ; she would like to pet he . he look down at she . she avert she eye . allnut it remind I -- that waterfall do -- of -- allnutt never tell what it remind he of . he put out he hand toward Rose . she catch it -- to hold it , not to put it away . allnutt come down to he knee and they be in each other 's arm . fade out : fade in : long shot -- african queen -- ( early morning ) as a few slant ray of the sun strike she funnel . vapor still cling to the surface of the river . over the SOUND of the waterfall , come the tuneful singing of a bird . presently Rose 's figure be reveal move about . medium shot -- rose as she pour tea into two cup , and move with they toward the stern , camera panning with her as she cross to the sleep allnutt . camera move into close two shot as she kneel beside allnutt and put one tea- cup down close to he outstretch hand . rose ( softly ) Mr. allnutt . I mean -- dear . allnut ( open he eye ) well now -- blimey ! this be more like it . Breakfast in bed . rose two spoonfuls of sugar be right , be not it ? allnut ( nod ) Fancy you building the fire and all -- while I sleep . Rose regards he tenderly for a long moment ; then , with a birdlike movement , she kiss he on the cheek . allnutt put he arm around she . rose dear -- there 's something I simply must know . allnut what 's that ? rose ( after a blush interval ) what 's you first name ? allnut Charlie . rose ( to herself like a schoolgirl ) Charlie ... Charlie ... Charlie ... allnut give we another kiss . rose ( she arm around he , kissing he ) Charlie ! Charlie dear ... they hold each other for a while . then she slip out of he arm , hand he he cup and they begin stir they tea . Rose look at the beauty all around they . rose ( she eye suddenly wet ) this must be one of the loveliest place in all Africa . allnut I have be around a bit and I must say I never see no place to compare with it in the whole world . kinda hate to leave it . ( hastily , as though he fear be misunderstand ) not that I be not all for goin ' on , y'unnerstand . ( she give he hand a squeeze ) do you spose that last big cataract coulda be ulanga Falls ? as I remember the map , it be just a little way down from Shona . and if it be ulanga , there be not no more big cataract between we an' the lake . rose how much farther be the lake , Charlie ? allnut oh -- ' bout two ' undre mile . they be quiet a moment . abruptly , Rose get final , and energetic -- swallow the last of she tea in that manner and stand up , a touch blend of spinsterish edginess and blossoming female softness . rose well , I suppose it 's time we be on we way . full shot -- deck of boat Rose take she place at the tiller and allnutt go forward in unquestion obedience . he be boss of the family , but she be boss of the boat and the voyage . he cast off , and start up the engine . again the African Queen be under way . close shot -- rose at the tiller . she look back , drink in the place with she eye . she want never to forget a single detail . allnutt enter the scene -- put he arm around she , and stand look back at the loveliest place in the world . medium shot -- aft -- past they we see the waterfall and the flower withdraw . the SOUND of the waterfall still dominate -- a SOUND of serene , inexhaustible vitality like that of they bloodstream . allnut ( in a break voice ) give we another kiss , old girl . they kiss , as the boat be sweep into motion . dissolve to : full shot -- the african queen the river be smooth , swift and fairly straight . the launch pass some hippos bathing in the shallow . the deep , swift - run channel carry she to within a few yard of the great beast . allnutt and Rose shout at they and wave they arm . the hippos squeal like pig . allnutt imitate the SOUND , a feat which Rose find to be funny beyond word . she laugh until it be painful and she have to hold she side . allnutt laugh too , between squeal , hugely delighted with the success of he imitation . just as Rose be about able to control she laughter , he squeal once again , which send she off into fresh peal of mirth . rose stop , Charlie -- stop it ! they laughter begin to die down , then start up again . finally come a moment of silence while they struggle to regain breath , and during that moment allnutt hear a SOUND which be not at all funny . allnut rosie , listen ... you 'ear wot I 'ear ? over the SOUND of the engine , come a distant roar . allnut I guess that be not ulanga Falls , after all . rose ( soberly ) I guess not . allnutt apply himself to the boiler , put more wood in , adjust the draft . the speed of the river increase , as do the din of the approach cataract . the African Queen begin to heave among the first wave of the race . close shot -- rose stare forward as she brace herself once more to hold the tiller steady . long shot -- the river ahead -- ( from rose's view ) as the waterfall come into view , allnutt in f.g. he throw she a swift , backward look . close up -- rose scared , but game . rose ( call ) Goodbye , Charlie . close up -- allnutt shouting a answer ; he voice be lose in the uproar . full shot ( moving ) -- the african queen as she rear up and hang for a moment at the crest of the waterfall . then she shoot forward and down , finally to crash in a tangle of current below the waterfall . she shake with the impact . Water fly back , high over the top of the funnel , then she surge on . there be a tearing SOUND beneath , follow by a horrid vibration which seem as if it will shake the boat to piece . close up -- rose rose ( scream ) keep she go , Charlie ! close shot -- allnutt open the throttle . the devastating vibration increase . close shot -- rose as she fight to keep the boat in mid-current , but something be wrong with the steering . rose ( scream ) Charlie ! close shot -- allnutt he point toward the bank where a big rock jut out into the river . close shot -- rose fight the tiller . the boat swing around crabwise toward the rock , and it look for a moment as though the stern will surely crash into it . Rose keep the tiller hard over . sure enough , the African Queen come all the way about , she bow to the shore , ground ; but the maneuver be not completely successful . instantly she heel and roll . a mass of water come boil in over the gunwale . the boiler fire be extinguish and a wild flurry of steam pour out . close shot -- allnutt grabbing a painter , he leap like a athlete into the whirling eddy , get he shoulder under the bow and heave . medium shot -- the boat the bow slide off and the boat rights herself , wallowing , three - quarter full of water . instantly the current pull she downstream . camera pan as allnutt leap up the face of the rock , clutching the painter . he give it a turn around a angle of the rock and brace himself . his shoulder - joint crack as the rope tighten , but slowly the boat swing in to shore . five second later , she be safe , and allnutt be make painter after painter fast to the shore . close shot -- rose stand on the bench in the stern , the water slopping at she foot . she manage a smile at allnutt . she feel a little sick and faint now that it be all over . close shot -- allnutt he sit down on a rock and grin back at she . allnut we nearly do it that time , do not we , rosie . close shot -- rose as she sit on the gunwale . she do not wish to let she weakness be see . she force herself to be matter of fact . rose I wonder how much we have lose . close shot -- allnutt allnut let 's get this water out and see . he swing himself aboard , splashes down to the waist and fish about for the pail . close shot -- rose as she tuck she skirt up into she underclothes as though she be a little girl at the seaside . camera pan with she to allnutt . she take a pail and the two of they go to bail , and conversation cease with the effort . dissolve to : medium close shot -- allnutt -- ( shoot down over rose's shoulder ) he have get up a couple of floor board in the waist , and be down on he knee inspect the planking . allnut it 's better than we coulda hope for . we ' ave not lose nothin' , far as I can see . ' Ave not damage 'er skin worth mentionin' . I shoulda think there would be a ' ole in 'er somewhere , after wot she 's be through . rose what be all that clatter just before we stop ? allnut we still get to find that out , old girl . rose how be we go to do that , dear ? allnut I will 'ave to go underneath and ' ave a look . he be out of he shirt and trousers in a jiffy . his drawer be the old - fashioned kind reach to the knee and tie up with a string behind . he pick up a rope and tie one end around he middle and give the other end to Rose . allnut there be not no other way . you stay ' andy with that rope -- case there 's a fancy current down at the bottom ... ' ere go ! and over the side he go . his foot remain in view for a moment ; then , kick , they disappear . underwater shot -- the propeller shaft of the launch allnutt swim into the picture , give forth with bubbles . he inspect the shaft . close shot -- rose lean far over the stern , try to glimpse what be happen beneath the African Queen . presently , allnutt 's head break the surface of the water . rose ( hover anxiously over he ) could you see anything , dear ? allnut yes . medium shot -- allnutt and rose with she help , he climb back aboard , sit down on the bench . Rose sit beside he and wait for he to regain he breath . she put out she dry hand and clasp he wet one . allnut ( dully ) shaft 's bent to blaze like a corkscrew , and there 's a blade go off the prop . rose we will have to mend it , then . allnut mend it ! ( he laugh bitterly ) not likely . rose why be that , dear ? ( he do not answer ) what shall we have to do before we go on ? allnut I will tell ya. ( savage despondency in he tone ) I will tell ya what we could do if we be sittin ' in the landin ' slip at limbasi . we could pull this old tub out a ' take the shaft down a ' ' aul it over to the workshop where they would forge it straight again . a ' then we could write to the maker and get a new prop . they might ' ave one in stock ' cause this boat be not over thirty year old . a ' while we be waitin ' we might clean 'er bottom a ' paint 'er . then we could put in the shaft a ' the new prop a ' launch 'er a ' go on as if nothin ' ' ad ' appen . -- but this be not limbasi , a ' so we can not . rose ( after a pause ) can not you get the shaft out without pull the boat on shore ? allnut I dunno . I might . means workin ' underwater . could do it perhaps . rose well , if you be able to get the shaft up on shore , could you straighten it ? allnut ai not get no hearth . ai not get no anvil . ai not get no coal . ai not get nothin' . a ' furthermore , I be not no blacksmith . rose ( tapping she memory ) I see a masai native work once . use charcoal ... on a big hollow stone . he have a boy to fan the charcoal . allnut yes , I have see that , too ! but I would use a bellow , myself -- make they easy enough . rose well , if you think that would be better . allnut ( the engineer in he take over ) there 's ' eap an' ' eap of driftwood up on the bank . rose why do not you try it ? allnut ( suddenly shy ) no . it be not no use , rosie , old girl . I be forgettin ' that prop . there 's a blade go . rose can not we go on the blade that be leave ? allnut there 's a torque . prop would not be balanced . would not take five minute for the shaft to be like a corkscrew again . rose we will have to make another blade . there 's lot of iron and stuff you could use . allnut ( ironically ) and tie it on , I suppose . rose ( miss he irony ) yes , if you think that will do . but would not it be better to -- weld it ? that 's the right word , be not it ? weld it on ? allnut you be a one , rosie . really you be . ( laugh ) rose be not weld the right word , dear ? you know what I mean even if it be not , do not you ? allnut oh , it 's the right word , all right . he laugh again . at first , Rose be afraid that he laugh be cause by desperation , but when she see that it be not , she laugh with he . directly they be in each other 's arm , kissing as two people might be expect to kiss on the second day of they honeymoon . dissolve to : underwater shot -- allnutt work on the shaft . now and then he bang he hammer on the hull of the boat . apparently he and Rose have a system of signal . just as he succeed in loosen the bracket support the shaft , a whim of the river express itself in a fierce underwater swirl . allnutt be turn upside down , but he hold onto the bracket like grim death . rose -- in the stern pull in on the rope . allnutt come to the surface , drop the bracket into the boat . allnut ( gasp ) swaller about half the river that time . rose you be down there a awfully long time . I get scared . allnut shaft be ready to come out now . it will be too heavy for I to swim up with . I will ' ave to walk with it in to shore ... well , 'ere go -- for the last time , I 'ope . rose Charlie . allnut huh ? rose let I help you . allnut ' ow do you mean ? she begin to peel off she clothes . allnut wot d' you think you be goin ' to do ? rose go down with you . allnut a ' get drownd ? you do not know wot it 's like , rosie . they current be just fierce . ( he shake he head ) wot will you be thinkin ' of next ! ( he take two deep breath ) well , 'ere go . ( after a third and deeper breath , he be go . ) close shot -- underwater -- the shaft allnutt swim into view , slide the shaft out through the bearing and begin to carry it toward shore . the current catch he . he lose he foot , regains it , only to fall again . the heavy shaft be too much for one man to handle . he be struggle vainly with it when into the scene swim Rose . she take one end of the shaft , allnutt the other , and together they walk under water toward shore lap dissolve to : close shot -- makeshift forge -- night Rose be work the bellow while allnutt hammer patiently . presently he lay aside the hammer and , use a taut string , judge the straightness of the shaft . apparently he be pleased with he work , for he grin at Rose and nod briefly . allnut if my old dad 'ad put I to blacksmithin ' when I be a kid , I do not think I should never ' ave come to Africa . I might have -- ( a faraway look come into he eye ; he be think about chare Cross on a Saturday night ; finally he shake himself ) -- but then I should not never ' ave meet you , rosie old girl . ( he go back to hammer ) I would not trade you for all the fry fish shop in the world . rose ( protest this accolade ) oh , Charlie ! he slip a ring of wire over the end of the shaft and move it up and down its length , testing the diameter . allnut ( finally ) well , I guess it 's just about as good as I can get it -- and it do not take so long a time , neither . rose only a week . allnut the blade 's a different proposition . I will ' ave to make it . lap dissolve to : insert : the new propeller blade ( day shot ) hold in place on stone anvil with a pair of plier ; it be beginning to take shape under blow of allnutt 's hammer . the plier carry it over the other two blade , which be its model , and turn it this way and that for purpose of comparison . dissolve to : underwater shot -- allnutt and rose get the shaft , with its new propeller , back into position . dissolve to : close shot -- the propeller ( under water ) turn . SOUND of the engine , o.s. camera tilt up . allnutt be lean over the stern , watch . in the b.g. stand Rose , with she hand on the throttle . allnut it turn right enough . but that do not prove nothin ' much . will it stand up under a full head of steam , that 's the question . we will get we answer out there -- and Lord 'elp we if it be not the right one . rose let 's find out right now . allnut why not ? two shot -- rose and allnutt Rose come back and take the tiller in hand . allnutt cast off the mooring . as the bow come out into the current , he gently open the throttle . close shot -- allnutt allnut Goodbye , darling . he bend over the engine . close shot -- rose rose Goodbye , darling . neither she nor allnutt hear the other ; neither be mean to ; there be a high courage in they both . full shot -- the african queen camera pan with boat as she surge out into the stream . she spin around as she bow come into the river , and Rose put the tiller across . next moment she be fly down the stream once more . fade out : fade in : exterior -- the river -- long shot in the foreground , a spray of jungle foliage in sharp and exotic contrast to the upland pine of the last sequence . the African Queen come into view , and camera pan with she . a flock of ibis in the path of the African Queen rise on great snowy wing , only to settle again when she have pass . close shot -- allnutt and rose look about they . allnut well , we do it , old girl . we get down the rapid all right . I do not think it could be do . if it 'ad not be for you , sweetheart , we should not be ' ere now . do not you feel proud of yourself , dear ? rose ( indignantly ) no , of course not . look at the way you make the engine go . look how you mend the propeller . it be not I at all . ( with even great emphasis ) I do not think there 's another man alive who could have do it . allnut ( wryly ) I do not think anyone 's likely to try . long shot ( moving ) -- a turn in the river her water widen and a dreary , marshy , amphibious world be reveal ; tree trunk and little creeper- entangle island take the place of the foam rock of the upper river . medium shot -- allnutt and rose allnut look like this old river get tired of all that runnin ' a ' jumpin ' she do a ' decide to lay down a ' rest for a while ... ' ow about we doin ' the same , rosie -- seein ' as 'ow the sun 's goin ' down . Rose nod . she edge the African Queen in towards the shore . allnutt get he boat hook into the stump of a large tree which , still half alive , grow precariously on the edge of the water with half its root expose . Rose go to the boiler and start make tea , while allnutt get a line around a root . there be hardly any current . the light be fade . allnut it must be right ' bout 'ere the river change she nyme from ulanga to bora . ( he slap at a mosquito ) not that it matter . nobody life between ' ere and the lake . unless you call monkey people . he slap again . there be the high frequency SOUND of mosquito which fill the air . rose ( slapping ) how much farther do you think it be to the lake ? allnut oh -- not so many mile , but -- he slap he arm and leg , get up and stand and make swift pass in the air , as though shadow - box . rose ( slapping ) but what , Charlie ? allnut ( a note of hysteria in he voice ) I get a feelin ' that before long we will wish we be shootin' the rapid again ... ow !... ow ! dissolve : close shot -- rose and allnutt it be nightfall and the mosquito have leave they home in the mud , under leave , on stalk of reed , to hunt flesh and blood . they close in on Rose and allnutt ; they bite through clothes -- they crawl under clothes ; some of the smallest creep into nostril and under eyelid . Rose and allnutt be use to ordinary attack , but this be beyond all experience . they slap ever more wildly ; they begin to show panic . rose oh ! allnut this be awful ! rose ( pull at she dress ) I be go in ! I be go to get under the water ! allnut yes ! that 's it ! but look past Rose toward the river , he see something that make he grab she wrist . allnut no ! rose but I be be eat alive ! allnut ( point ) look . medium shot -- large crocodile on the bank . allnut ( o.s . ) what would you say ' bout bein ' eat alive ? and now we see that it be not one crocodile but several submerge and partially submerge . two slide into the water from the bank . close shot -- rose and allnutt after they first start at the sight of the croc , they go back to fight the cloud of mosquito that , hungry for blood , fill the air with they whining . rose get I out of here , Charlie ! I be go mad ! medium shot -- rose and allnutt allnutt run to the engine , try to start it . allnut ai not no steam . can not start engine . rose ( wail ) I can not stand it , Charlie ! allnut ' ere ! Lay down ! get under the canvas there ! I will get we out into the channel . she obey . allnutt cast off , and seize a deckboard begin to paddle . the space between the launch and the bank slowly widen till at last they be in the channel . Rose peep out from under the canvas . allnut right , rosie . we get away from them . you can come out . rose ( crawl out ) I be ashamed , Charlie , act like that -- but I could not help it . I be go mad . allnut I , too . rose you be so bitten ! even in the fade light , he face and body show innumerable bump . allnut the bite themselves be not so bad ; it 's ' avin ' they all round you . I have ' eard of they sendin ' buffaloe a ' native cattle stark starin ' mad -- a ' they run a ' run till they fall dead . rose ( after a pause ) what be we go to do , Charlie ? allnut now you be ask ! rose will they be like that wherever we tie up ? allnut can not say . rose we can not just drift all night . allnut if the river keep straight a ' deep a ' slow , there be not nothin ' much can 'urt we -- I know ! I will let the anchor out a way . she will stop we before trouble get too near . he let the anchor chain out , then sit on the bench . Rose lean against he . he put he arm around she . allnut ( after a long silence ) what a time , rosie -- what a time ! we will never lack for storey to tell we grandchild -- if we live to ' ave any . the launch seem to be float in space , solitary as any one of the star that be now beginning to shine and twinkle overhead . dissolve : ext . delta -- dawn the river end in a five- mile - wide pool , fringe all the way round with reed . this reed extend as far as the eye can see . the boat come down into the pool , nose along the edge , look for a open . allnutt and Rose be talk as she steer and he feed the furnace . allnut look -- maybe that 's a channel . ( it be not ) no . a herd of hippopotami suddenly surface and scatter . plung through water , mud and reed just ahead of the boat . behind they be leave a faint indication of a channel . rose what about there ? ( point ) that look like a way through . another angle show a very doubtful passage into the reed bed . allnut could be. ( worried ) I dunno. ( pause ) once we get in , an' this ' ere reed close up be 'ind we stern -- we would never get back , you know , rosie . rose we can not stay go round and round out here . allnut if anything go wrong a few ' undre foot in there , we be 'eld in a trap , you know -- till we starve or go orf we ' ead . I dunno ! ( loudly . decisively ) all right . put 'er over . Rose swing the tiller and the boat charge at the little open in the reed . full shot -- reed look from outside . we see the boat nose into the open . in front of she the reed part . other be press under water . but as soon as she full length be inside , the reed she have parte or submerge close together again , or rise slowly from under water . as they close , they form a increasingly solid barrier behind she wide stern . very soon the African Queen be completely hide from we except for the top of she tall funnel , which move more and more slowly as she go on into the reed bed . ext . reed bed see from a few foot above . a view of the endless mile of papyrus reed . at one place we see the top of the funnel of the African Queen . ext . -- the launch the engine choke and gasp , shaking the launch . camera pan down to : close -- bow of launch push ineffectually against the knotted root of the reed , which have pile up under it . there be almost no water -- just the tangle root and a inch of liquid mud . medium shot -- allnutt shutting off steam . the corner of he mouth tighten . he be badly frighten . he try to keep the fear out of he voice as he tell Rose ; but we can see that Rose be desperately scared too . allnut it 's the propeller , I think . it will not work in this mud . allnutt look down over stern . he get up . allnut where 's the boat - 'ook ? another angle allnutt find boat hook and move forward . allnut maybe we can pull 'er along . medium shot -- bow of launch allnutt reach forward with boat hook , hook it into strong clump of reed , pull desperately . the clump resist ; it seem as if the boat be about to move . then the clump give way . medium shot -- rose amidship , watch allnutt . rose here ! wait a minute ! she find a long pole or plank , choose a good spot and begin to push . after a couple of ineffectual attempt , allnutt hook a especially strong clump at the same time as Rose find a solid spot against which to push . the boat heave and shake , and , with a final heart - break effort on the part of Rose and allnutt , it move forward a couple of foot . another angle -- rose and allnutt gasp for breath , hope flicker up again . allnut come on -- again ! as they resume they effort , camera draw back , rising to full shot -- reed bed from twenty foot above . we see the funnel of the launch inching slowly and painfully through the reed . dissolve to : full shot -- the african queen in the reed . Rose and allnutt be pole with they boat hook . even through the mask of mud they be wear , we can see that they be both terribly haggard and exhaust . allnut we have come along under steam , and we paddle a ' push ' a ' pull the ole boat along with the ' ook . wot we be not do yet be get out a ' carry 'er . I spose that will come next . rose hard to breathe ! -- the air be so wet and heavy . allnut can not ' ardly tell water from land -- or for that matter , day from night . rose the whole thing be like a fever dream , be not it ? allnut all the channel we have lose -- a ' the twistin ' we have do -- we may come back out where we start -- if we come out at all . rose we have always follow the current , dear -- what little there be . allnut that do not mean nothin ' -- with this river . this river 's crazy . crazy as I be ! rose ( gently ) Charlie . ( she touch he ) we must try to keep hold of ourselves . allnut sorry , old girl . allnutt start push all the more energetically on he pole . allnut best thing to put the rose back in we cheek be to get out o' this reed . allnutt 's exertion carry they into the shallow . the boat touch bottom . not all of they striving with the boathook serve to move it a inch further . allnut ( finally ) what I say a while back about ' avin ' to carry the boat be mean for a joke -- but as it turn out , I be not jokin' . take the painter , he go over the side and start pull like a draft animal . slowly , ever so slowly , the boat begin to move , until at last she be float again . Rose help he back in . suddenly she give a cry of horrify surprise . allnut what 's the matter ? Rose can only point . as he see what it be , allnutt 's face contort with panic and disgust . he make a kind of growl of horrify surprise , across which : detail shot -- allnutt' arm , chest or belly a couple of leech hang to he , visibly swell with he blood . quick pull away to two shot -- rose and allnutt -- over he line ; we see 20 or 30 leech on he . allnut augh , the little beggar -- ( a crack voice ) pull them off I , rosie -- no , the head stay -- poison yer blood . rose ( sudden remembrance ) Salt ! she rush to get they tin box of it . extreme close up -- rose and allnutt eye on what she be do below screen . detail -- damp salt apply to a leech . it flinch , elongate , bunch and swell , and drop off . two shot -- rose and allnutt she dab salt on the last two or three , while he stand like a partly calm , still shocked horse . allnut anythin ' I hate in this world it 's leech -- filthy devil . he stand tremble quietly , the triangular bite still bleed freely . Rose dab tenderly at one of the sinister little wound . dissolve : two shot -- rose and allnutt -- at bow ( shoot forward from stern ) they hook the boat with great effort slowly along . the hull graze something . they work still harder . there be a rumbling scrape . then , also , a sludgy grinding . with the grind , allnutt moan as if in he sleep and try desperately to reverse direction . allnut ( gasp ) back ! ' Old 'er back -- rose ( imitate he ) mud ? allnut yes . there be too much momentum for they . allnut ( reversing he drag ) let 's try a ' get 'er over it , then . give 'er all you get , rosie . they strain enough to half kill they ; the sludgy grind intensify . allnut ( gasp ) good girl -- we be still makin ' ' eadway -- all you get now -- abruptly the boat come to a dead stop . dissolve : vertical shot -- the motionless gunwale and mangrove and the just perceptibly move slime on the water between . rose and allnutt they sit by each other , she hold he forehead ; he be in a dry nausea of exhaustion . rose there , there , dear . there , there . there , dear . able to speak , ashamed , he try to joke . allnut Fine specimen of a man I be , be not I ! rose you be the bravest man that ever live . he be silent , slowly and rather inanely shaking he head ; she watch he . rose ( like a very old wife to a very old husband ) lie down , dear . rest. both of we . he keep on shaking he head . rose you just overdo , that 's all . you must take care of yourself ! you be not one bit well . allnut well ! we be both of we half dead . rose ( ignore this ) besides , it 's high time we have we supper . it will be dark before long . allnut you 'ave some . I be not up to it yet . rose or a nice steaming cup of tea . allnut you fix yourself some . rose not just yet , thank you . ( she get up , take he hand ) come now . ( she help he weakly up ) lie-down . camera stays with they , moving into vertical two shot -- Rose help allnutt to the floor , and nurse - like , put bunched rag under he head . rose there now . all comfy ? he try to smile . allnut you rest , too . rose indeed I will . ( she lie down beside he and smile at he ) that 's all we need , a good long rest , and we will be on we way in a jiffy . you will see . allnut ( manage a smile ) sure . she turn she back to he because she can not meet he eye . both lie with eye wide open , obsessed . rose ( after a pause ) try to sleep , dear . allnut ( pause ) sure . you too . rose of course . she reach a hand behind she and pet he . he clearly have , and resist , a impulse to take she hand . she withdraw she hand . a pause . allnut rosie . rose ( pause ; with quiet dread ) yes , Charlie . allnut you want to know the truth , do not you ? rose ( pause ; very quietly ) I know it . his eye show deep pain . rose we be finish . allnut that 's right . rose even if we have all we strength we would never be able to get she off this mud . allnut not a chance in this world . they be silent a while ; everything be in they eye . as suddenly and swiftly as she weakness allow , she turn to he ; they face be close . camera drop nearer . she look into he quiet eye ; she own eye be fiery , not with tear but with passionate , incredulous despair ; speechless , try to speak ; a sort of palsy . rose so useless ! he put a hand along she cheek . slowly he realize , and enhance for we , she only concern with die . allnut they do not come no better and you . they lie still , look at each other . within about 15 second , they face profoundly alter ; by change of makeup , every couple of second , the motionless face become year older , and take on a kind of wear majesty ; and gradually lose consciousness ; by the end of the second , the eye be close . the camera meanwhile very slowly withdraw upward . in the last we can clearly see of they face , they be quite possibly dead . as camera rise , we see they at full length , as prostrate and flatten as grasses press in a book ; then , they static boat and the crawl water ; the camera rise among the overhange mangrove branch which obscure and trap they ; and , as it rise , the screen slowly darken . the camera stop rising . the dead silence be break by a infinitesimal SOUND of rustling . by eye and ear , after a few second , it become recognizable as the stillest , slenderest kind of rain , splintering downward , very gradually increase in volume and in richness of SOUND as the darkness deepen , to a immense , peaceful , steady , flooding downpour . the darkness pale into full daylight and the downpour continue , and through it we can dimly see the boat and the prostrate body , and after perhaps ten second of the new daylight ( after maybe fifteen of darkness ) , the rain begin to abate and the camera begins very slowly to descend . it get down through the branch . the body be motionless ; so be the boat ; but the slime on the water , though still slow , move with a distinct new kind of energy . the camera stop descending . a couple of second later , the boat stir , just perceptibly ; motionless again ; then stir again , more distinctly . at height of pull up of camera and darken , a quiet rich crumpling of thunder . ( throughout this short sequence all sound , even that record at full blast , be hold way down on the track -- as if hear in a dream or in imagination . ) across muttering of thunder -- CUT to : shot -- sky and mountain low in foreground , a sharp watersh peak ; all foliage be fiercely ruffle , show pale underside : beyond , a tremendous valley , a dim streak of river through it ; beyond that , magnificent peak : but most of the screen be sky , in which ( sped up by slow camera ) prodigious black and white cloud bloom , explode and wrestle . over all , a solemn , ominous light . a moment of absolute stillness ; then first huge drop of splattering rain ; then screen be blind and deafen with simultaneous thunder and lightning , over which camera tilt downward along the line of enormous column of rain which take over screen . shoot upstream , to breadth of a swollen river , in heavy rain : pan downstream , past Mission clear . possible CUT in : Mission bungalow screen door flap and bang in wind ; or porch rock chair ' ghostlike cradling : pan on downstream flooding water . long shot across roaring river on Shona , panning downstream ; one tiny figure struggle miserably through mud : possible CUT in : the drown german flag , cling disconsolately to its pole . end pan on water at mouth of rapid ; bring up roar from high and to one side : where the rapid enter the basin : ( greatly augment water noise . ) pull camera down and to right to vertical shot over the Rose - allnutt waterfall , much more water than before , plunging into pool ; bring up SOUND sharp . tilt camera up to right , to center on where rapid leave the pool ; the whole pool , dark and calm on first trip , be now boil white . tilt a little further and CUT off short . the rock behind which they shelter for the welding ; it be so over - whelmed with water it be no longer visible ; there could be no anchorage here now . quick pan downstream . where the river enter the pre-delta broaden : the water be markedly slowed , but there be much more movement than when we be here before ; tilt upward across a solid floor of calmer , rain - mark water , lighter rain and thunder , overcast ; SOUND of calm , steady rain on mile of water ; the reed where Rose and allnutt enter : lighter rain ; its SOUND among reed ; the water be distinctly higher on the reed and break reed distinctly move on it ; lift towards mangrove past reed . mangrove and shadow ; and the infinitesimal splintery whisperings of light rain . tilt camera downward and resume the vertical shot on which we fade from Rose and allnutt , and slowly bring the camera toward they , through and beyond mangrove tangling , to medium close . the boat shine with wetness and they be drabble with it . nothing move except the slime - fleck water and that move slowly , but with a new kind of energy . neither Rose nor allnutt be conscious . at medium close , halt camera . a couple of second after it stop , there be a first , scarcely discernible shifting motion of the boat . they be still unconscious . bring up the SMALL sound of running water a little ; another little shifting of the boat ; a little more distinct . they be still unconscious . rose -- in extreme close up she look as if she have cry herself dry , and she look as if she might quite possibly be dead . allnutt -- extreme close up his face be crumpled and distort against one elbow ; in he face , too , there be the look of incredible sadness and defeat ; and he , too , could be dead . ( in both face , also the epitome of utter weariness and of rest after weariness . ) detail shot -- allnutt 's emaciate hand , motionless , caress she shoulder , and involved in she hair . another -- her own hand , motionless ; they be fold -- quite unconsciously -- in she automatic gesture of prayer . tilt camera upward from this -- past gunwale , we see by quiet motion of mangrove root , that the whole boat be cradling gently in the rain . from beneath boat -- detail shot -- past bottom of hull , dim daylight open just discernibly as boat lift from muck . past prow -- on mangrove prow be just perceptibly rise . underwater shot -- beneath the keel a real , gape light now , visible in motion of boat and of water and of muck - flake in water . past prow -- on mangrove the prow really move forward now . another shot -- past prow ( underwater ) a new obstruction loom ; a thick , dark root ; prow ( and camera ) come right up against it but hit it slowly , a little to one side , and the whole boat , with a hollow scraping , glance along past . across the glancing CUT to : medium shot -- boat ( from downstream ) silently float towards camera in rustling rain , point slantwise , beginning to straighten . aboard -- ( past rose and allnutt ) who be still unconscious ; athwart the boat ; the quiet movement past the mangrove . the engine -- ( shoot forward from stern ) the engine approach a low and dangerous - look branch ; it just clear boat -- ( shoot past prow ) the boat near a split of waterway . both look bad , but one look far worse ; prow nudge a mangrove mass and for a few second everything be at stalemate ; then stern begin to swing forward . boat stern as it begin to swing forward . it look as if everything would jam ; and with soft bumping and subdued underwater scraping and near-miss above water too , the boat do a slow , somnambulistic break - field crawl during which the light become stronger and the rain less , and its SOUND less . two shot -- allnutt and rose the strengthen light and shadow move on they face and they close eye . Rose register nothing . allnutt 's face and he slow , weak , negative hand both convey that he be dream something and do not believe it . his face go inert again . there be fewer shadow now , brighter light , and there be a deep quiet scraping SOUND which make he open he eye . still unable to believe what he see , he turn he face up toward camera . medium shot -- the moving , thinning overhead tangle of mangrove -- ( from he viewpoint ) and the sun-touched last of the rain . allnut ( o.s. , softly ; a almost incapable voice ) rose. rosie . two shot -- rose and allnutt he be half - up , hand on she , try to stroke and pat she awake . allnut darling . dear . he take she head gently between he hand and turn she face up to he . allnut look at we , rosie ! my God just look ! we be movin ' , dear ! we be movin ' ! she open she eye and look up . all she see at first be allnutt 's face , close to she . she look at it with devotion and with terrible sadness . rose we do we best , dear . he grab she quite roughly into he arm and kiss she several time , rapidly and without passion . allnut ( talk through this ) no , look , rosie , just look at we ! we be movin ' , do not you see ? movin ' , that 's what ! and with this , as we catch she first realization and reaction , we leave the last of the mangrove and be among the reed , glide slowly yet freely ; with a rustling of reed against the boat reminiscent of the rustling of the finish rain , and the late afternoon sunlight move through the reed as though they be harpstrings , and casting a almost rustling of slender light and shadow across they face . her face become quietly transcendent . she get with great difficulty to she foot ( she be very weak ; so be he ) and , reach over the gunwale , begin grab reed and with what strength she have , try to help they along . as soon as he realize , he get up weakly , too , and hurry and get the pole , cry : allnut easy , rosie dear ! you just rest , old girl . easy now . meanwhile , with what strength he have , he be pole . past they and past prow , we see light beyond the high reed which steadily , slowly part for the prow and sweep past the flank of the boat . another angle -- rose and allnutt both continue work ; they incredulous eye be fix past the prow . behind they , reed partly close back , dark mangrove recede . they eye intensify . past prow -- from there viewpoint the last few foot of the reed part and the boat drift free and clear onto a horizonless floor of golden light ( or if in black and white , a kind of unearthly silver ) ; a low group of wood island in the distance . two shot -- medium close -- rose and allnutt as they still drift , a soft breeze on they , look around . he sit down , obviously because he feel too weak to stand . Rose , still stand , look towards he , wait he authority to believe what she already know . they speak quietly , as if someone be asleep . rose it -- really be ? he reach out he hand to she . allnut come on -- sit down , old girl . yer tremblin ' like a leaf . but she get down quietly onto she knee and bow she head . he look at she a few moment , then a little uneasily and shyly , get down onto he knee . she begin to cry very deeply and silently ; we do not see she face . allnutt put he arm around she , and she hide she face against he and cry , audibly now but quietly , take he free hand in she own . allnut ( very quietly ) there , there , rosie . there , old girl . we be all right now , dear . there , there . rose it 's like Heaven . by allnutt 's face , it be better than that , but he know what she mean . rose ( in a queer voice ) God let we live . allnut musta be ' Im , all right -- ' twere not nothin ' in we power . a pause . rose ( quiet , charge voice ) it be not for we sake , either . allnut ( pause ; carefully ) ' ow you mean , rosie ? rose he bring we here to do his work . she get to she foot and walk past camera towards bow . rose -- ( past bow ) as she come up , allnutt follow . she be look all around , and past she we see only empty water and empty sky . she begin to look impatient . allnut ( quietly ) rosie , this lake 's a ' undre mile long ; forty wide , at the biggest . it might be day afore she come we way . rose then start the fire . we will go find she . allnut no , rosie , we will not ' ave to go out of we way . she will come to we . rose come to we ? allnut patrolin ' the lake . she 's bound to come by , do not you never worry . a ' when she do , we want to be well 'id . rose hmmm . perhaps you be right . allnut sure I be . so let 's just cruise about a bit till we find a good ' idin ' place , a ' then we will lay in wait fer 'er . right ? rose right . they go back towards engine . two shot -- rose and allnutt as , Rose watch almost with reverence , allnutt strike a match and touch it to the carefully prepare wood . they watch : the curling smoke -- ( from there viewpoint ) and catch flame and the sound -- a image almost of resurrection . rose and allnutt -- ( from fire' angle ) they face revitalize , as light of flame work on they over increase SOUND of fire ; he gently shut the furnace door , and adjust the draft ; the fire begin a really happy roaring . allnutt look up and around across the water , clearly figure where they might cruise around . allnut ( murmure ) let 's -- see . we might , uh -- his eye sharpen into great intentness on something very distant . all of a sudden he pick up a bail pail , dip it full , and douse the fire . two shot -- rose ( past allnutt ) Rose look at he amaze . he gesture silently with a jerk of he head . she walk towards camera and look . long shot -- the lake almost invisibly small on the horizon , a small black smudge , a gleam white speck , which sharpen like a fresh star as we look . allnutt' voice ( o.s . ) that 's the louisa . close shot -- rose and allnutt he get up on the gunwale . allnut yes , that 's the louisa all right . rose which way be they go ? allnut they be comin ' this way . rose ( force herself to be calm ) they must not see we here . can we get far enough among the reed for they not to see we ? allnut get to work fast . pull and tug with the boat hook , they swing the launch around and head she into the reed . rose we will have to cut some down . how deep be the mud ? knife in hand , allnutt go over the bow among the reed . wider shot -- rose and allnutt as he go over the bow . he sink in the mud until the surface of the water be up to he armpit . flounder about , he cut every reed within reach . then , pull on the bow painter , he be able to work the launch up into the clear space . rose there 's still a bit of she stick out . she throw a desperate glance towards the louisa , which be make good time , and be less than half the former distance away . allnutt splashes back among the reed and go on cut and haul . Rose help he to get back on board . he be in a state of near collapse from he exertion . he lie on the deck panting while Rose crane she neck over the reed . long shot -- the louisa rose ( o.s . ) she 's come right toward we , Charlie ! close shot -- rose and allnutt groaning , allnutt stagger to he knee , then to he foot . together they watch the approach of the louisa . long shot -- the louisa white , spotless , beautiful . at she stern float the flag of the Imperial german navy . on she foredeck , we can pick out the six - pound gun which give the Germans command of the lake . we can see the figure of sailor move about on the deck . over the SOUND of she engine come a smartly give order , follow which the louisa alter she course by a point or two . close shot -- rose and allnutt allnutt groan again , this time from relief . rose they be go a different way now . allnut I think they would see we . long shot -- the louisa head toward some little island in the middle of the lake . rose and allnutt -- as before allnut they be makin ' for they island to anchor for the night . they will go on in the mornin' . but do not you worry . they will come ' ere again . you just see if they do not . you know 'ow Germans be ; they lay down system a ' they stick to them . monday they be at one place . tuesday somewhere else . wednesday p'rap they be ' ere . same ole round , week after week . you know . long shot -- the louisa as the SOUND of she engine cease . allnutt' voice ( o.s. ) look ! wot do I tell ya ! she 's droppin ' 'er anchor . close shot -- rose and allnutt rose ( nod ) how long will it take to get the torpedoe ready ? allnut I can get the stuff into the tube in no time , as you might say . do not know ' bout the detonator . gotta make they up , you see -- devise something . then we get to cut ' ole in the bow . might 'ave it all do in three day . depend on they detonator . Rose receive this information in silence . her eye remain on the louisa , now lie at anchor . allnut rosie , old girl -- rosie -- rose ( a faraway note in she voice ) yes , dear . allnut I know wot you be thinkin ' ' bout doin' . ( he take she hand and press it ) you be thinkin ' ' bout takin ' the African Queen out at night next time the louisa come ' ere , be not you , old girl ? ( Rose nod ) we ought to manage it . dissolve to : pan shot -- allnutt' hand as it take one of the package out of the box and carry it to one of the cylinder and place it inside . a wrench and the cylinder head be in view lie on the deck . allnutt 's face come into the screen . he put more package into the cylinder . camera pull back to include allnutt and Rose in two shot . lean over the side , Rose bring up handfuls of mud from the bottom and dump it on the deck . allnutt carry the sticky stuff to the cylinder and drop it in . dissolve to : insert : a disc of wood in allutt' hand . Three hole have be punch through it . allnutt 's finger fit cartridge into they . then a second disc of the same diameter be place over the first . the second disc have three nail in it . it be turn so that a nail point rest on the percussion cap of each cartridge . allnutt' voice ( o.s. ) ought to work all right . he begin to screw the pair of disc together . camera pull back revealing Rose and allnutt intent upon he handiwork . allnut can not put they into the cylinder yet . they be a bit tricky . we can put them in when we be all ready to start . rose it will be dark then , of course . will you be able to do it in the dark ? allnut case of have to ... ( he put the detonator away in the locker ) better get the cylinder into place now . with Rose 's help he drag and push one of the cylinder forward . dissolve to : close shot -- the bow the cylinder in position , project like cannon through two hole on either side of the stem just above the waterline . o.s. , the SOUND of hammer . the camera raise and dolly forward to : close shot -- allnutt -- shoot at he over Rose 's shoulder . he be nail the cylinder solidly into position with batten tear from provision case . finally , the work do to he satisfaction , he toss the hammer aside . allnut well , old girl -- I do it all now . everything . we be all ready . it be a solemn moment . he shake he head . allnut ( reminiscently ) you know I be thinkin' . there be not no need for we both to -- to do it . now I have 'ad time to study it , I can plainly see it 's a one - man job . two shot -- rose and allnutt rose you could not be more right , Charlie dear . allnut glad you agree , rosie . when the time come I will put you ashore on the south side of the lake and you wait for I while I attend to the louisa ... rose ( interrupt ) certainly not ! you be the one to be put ashore . allnut I ...? rose of course , you . this whole thing be my idea , be not it ?... I be the logical one to carry it out . allnut why , Rose ! I be surprised ! you be a very sensible woman as a rule . now we will not ' ave no more talk along that line . rose I can manage this launch every bit as well as you , Charlie allnutt , and you know it ! allnut rosie , you be crack ! rose do not I steer go down the rapid ? allnut oh , you steer well enough . but you do not know nothin ' about the engine . spose she break down on you out there in the middle of the lake ? where would you be ? but I , I would leave the tiller and go and do a thing or two to the engine -- you know , spit on 'er or kick 'er in the belly -- a ' she would go right to work again . she know ' oo 'er boss be , you bet , that ole engine do . rose ( defeat ) all right , Charlie . I guess you have to be there . allnut well , now , that 's more like it . I will dive off a second or two before the crash and swim over to where you will be waitin ' on the north shore . rose Charlie ... allnut yes . rose no need of we pretend . allnut I do not know wot you be talkin ' about . rose oh , yes you do . there 's get to be a hand on that tiller right up to the last . allnutt would like to protest ; he open he mouth to do so , but no word issue . he fall into a stricken silence . rose ( continue ) do not you understand , dear ? I would not care about go on to nairobi -- without you . have no word , allnutt can only nod . rose ( continue ) we will do it together . it will be you at the engine and I at the tiller , as it have be from the start . allnut ( in a choke voice ) right . rose when you come to think of it , we be a very lucky couple , really . allnut be not we just . rose Charlie . allnut yes , dear . rose let 's make the African Queen as clean as we can . let 's scrub she deck and polish she brass . allnut ( in quick agreement ) I have get a can o' paint for 'er mast . she ought to look 'er best . ' er very best . representin ' as she do the Royal navy . medium shot -- the african queen quite a transformation have take place in she appearance . her deck be clean , she brass polished . Rose be engage in painting she stumpy mast . her old boiler shine like a mirror . in fact , allnutt be use it as such while he shave . allnut ( between stroke of the razor ) I wish I 'ad something ' clean to put on . it do not seem right for the ship 's captain to be without pants . rose Charlie ... allnut yes , dear . rose I have a pair you can wear . allnut you mean a pair o' yours ? rose what 's the difference ? allnut well , you be the one will have to look at I . she give they to he . get into they , allnutt begin to laugh . when he reveal himself to Rose , it be with obvious embarrassment . he assume a position rather like September morn' . rose here . put this on , too . ( she display one of she singlet ) allnut ai not that goin ' a bit too far ? rose do not be silly ! he take it and put it on . he look intently at Rose , expect ridicule . her eye be not on he ; they be on the horizon . long shot -- a puff of smoke and a white dot the louisa . two shot -- rose and allnutt as she stare at the horizon . his eye follow hers . long shot -- the louisa dissolve to : close shot -- a cylinder -- ( night ) as allnutt 's hand finish fitting a detonator into its fore - end , tapping around its edge with a hammer . he be in the water . camera pan with he around the bow to the other cylinder . Rose pass down the second detonator . allnutt put it into place and pull himself up over the side . he go to the boiler which cast a red glow on the surround deck , and inspect the gauge . steam be up . he look across the water of the lake toward the little group of island . long shot -- the louisa a bundle of faint light in the distance . two shot -- rose and allnutt as a sudden gust of wind strike the surround reed , cause they to bend and toss . allnutt take Rose in he arm . cling to one another , they kiss ; try to speak ; fail -- then separate . allnut blow up a bit . we better get start . all right ? rose all right . he unfasten the side painter , then take the boat hook and thrust it against a clump of reed . the African Queen move slowly out into the fairway . allnutt lay the boat hook down , feel for the throttle valve and open it . the propeller begin its beat and the engine its muffle clanking . full shot -- the african queen come out of the reed into the lake . two shot -- allnutt and rose allnutt be stare at the bow , scowling . rose ( observe he expression with anxiety ) be something the matter , dear ? allnut ' er bow be ridin ' awful low for this kind o' water . they ' eavy cylinder be what 's doin ' it . a wave splashes over the bow into the boat , so that she deck swim in water . allnut get to get 'er nose way up 'igh or we will be in trouble . he begin shifting ballast into the stern of the boat , which be sway and staggering about in haphazard fashion . rose we have be through worse . allnut Rivers be one thing -- open water another . she be not build for it . not when it 's rough . he go to the engine , begin to tinker with it for a moment . close up -- rose steering . she be calm , resolute . allnutt come back into shot . his brow be work . allnut rosie . rose yes , Charlie . allnut this 'ere storm be mess thing up a bit . ' er bow ' ave get to ride 'igh or we will be swamp before we get 'alf way to the louisa . on the other ' and , they have get to be low when we 'it 'er , so ' the explosion will be down at 'er waterline . rose can anything be do ? allnut ( nodd ) just before we ' it , I will bring the ballast back forrard . rose Goodbye , darling . allnut Goodbye , sweetheart darling ... a wave break over the side , drench they both . allnut blimey ! full shot -- the boat it roll extravagantly as a wind of incredible speed whip down on the lake and rouse the shallow water to maniacal fury . a series of wave come crash against the flat side . then suddenly the darkness be tear away by a dazzle flash of lightning which reveal the wild water around they . Thunder follow with a loud bang like a thousand cannon fire at once . then come the rain pour down through the blackness in solid river . the wind abate momentarily , but the surface of the lake still heave . the boat begin to pound , raise she bow high out of the water and bring they down again with a shatter crash . allnutt seize a pail and begin to bail furiously , but to no purpose . now the wind strike from a new quarter , lay its grip on the tear surface of the lake and building it up into mountain . close shot -- rose numbe and stupefy , but struggle to maintain she hold on the tiller . suddenly allnutt be at she side , put she arm through a life buoy . they totter and sway for a long moment , then the stern of the launch be engulf by a heavy wave , and they be up to they waist in water . the African Queen be swamp . very slowly she capsize . in the distance we see the light of the louisa , safe at anchor . fade out : fade in : int . captain cabin -- the louisa the captain and four of the ship' officer constitute the court in a proceeding against a small man dress in woman 's bloomer and a rag singlet . the latter stand , chin on he chest , gaze dully at the carpet . the captain be President of the court , of course . he be a corpulent man with whisker , groom in imitation of von triplitz . behind he on the wall be a portrait in oil of the kaiser . he keep he eye close throughout the proceedings . to the Captain 's right , stand the ship 's first officer , who be act as prosecutor . he be clean -shaven , dark , with pale blue eye ; he manner be rigidly correct . to the Captain 's leave , sit the ship 's second officer , who be serve as defense counsel . he be a sleepy , stupid look man with a big scar on he cheek . all three member of the court be in snowy duck with gold button , white glove and decoration . 1st officer ( in break English ) what be you nationality ? allnutt do nothing to indicate he hear the question . 1st officer french ?... belgian ?... English ? allnut ( thickly ) English . 1st officer you name ? allnut Charles allnutt . 1st officer what be you do on the island ? ( allnutt remain sullenly silent ) the punishment for not answer the court be hang . allnut all right . ' ang I . ' oo care ? 1st officer what be you do on the island ? allnut nothing . 1st officer how do you get there ? allnut swam . 1st officer do you know that you be in a area prohibit to all but member of the force of his Imperial majesty , kaiser wilhelm ii ? allnut ' oo care ? 1st officer what be you rank . allnut ' ow 's that ? 1st officer you be a soldier , be you not ? allnut ( disgustedly ) naaa ! 1st officer what be you then ? allnut I be not nothin' . 1st officer ( in german ) the prisoner be obviously here to spy on the movement of the k?nigin luise . the Captain , without open he eye , turn to the second Officer ; nod to he to proceed . the latter be completely at a loss . he rise , stammer a few word in german . 2 nd officer ( in german ) no proof of criminal intent -- he stop , tongue -ty ; then throw up he hand in a final gesture , sit heavily and start wiping he face with a handkerchief . captain ( to allnutt in English ) what be you do here , if you be not spying ? ( allnutt do not answer ) the Court sentence you to death by hang . ( then in german to the other ) not from the yard arm , but when we reach port . at this moment , there be a bustle outside the tiny crowded cabin . then the door open and a color petty Officer come in and salute they . petty officer ( in swahili ) we be about to pick up another one . a woman . the Captain rise and go to the door . long shot -- rose from he viewpoint she be sit on one of the small barren island , a little way up from the beach ; the dinghy manned by native oarsman with a white officer , be already half way there . captain ' voice ( o.s . ) she look like she 's white . int . captain cabin -- as before captain ( to allnutt in English ) be there a woman with you ? allnutt drop he mask of sullen stupidity and turn quickly to the door , but the Captain 's bulk be block he view . he try to push he aside . the first Officer hit allnutt a hard blow across the face . allnutt run to a porthole and look out in time to see : long shot -- rose from he point of view she be struggle with the white officer who be try to make she enter the boat . close up -- allnutt frantic with excitement . allnut ( call , shouting ) rosie ! rosie ! long shot -- rose she stop struggling , rose ( call back ) Charlie ! int . cabin -- as before the first Officer , who seem to enjoy hit allnutt , now deliver a second blow , this time knock he down . he remain stand over allnutt while the Captain and second Officer resume they seat . captain ( to allnutt ) who be that woman ? allnut ( rise unsteadily ) I do not know . captain but you just call she by name . allnut I think it be somebody else . captain ( in german ) maybe I will change my mind and hang you from the yard arm after all . o.s. , the SOUND of approach step ; then Rose , follow by the white officer , enter the cabin . she stand stare at allnutt for a long time . rose Charlie dear ! allnut ' ello , rosie . captain aha ! you do know she ! allnut I call all the girl rosie . the white officer swing into view a life buoy on which be print " the African Queen " . white officer ( in german ) she have this with she . captain ( to Rose , in English ) who be you ? rose miss Rose sayer . captain English ? rose of course . captain what be you do on the lake ? allnut I be not tell ' im nothin ' , rosie . 1st officer silence ! captain answer the question ! rose we be boat . captain last night ? in such weather ? rose we be not responsible for the weather . captain and why be you boat ? rose that be we affair . 1st officer as you fellow - prisoner have already learn , the penalty for not answer the court be death . rose ( slow take ) you mean he -- she get it . she go swiftly close to allnutt . rose Charlie ! be they tell I ... captain ( in german ) order ! the first Officer lay a restrain hand on she shoulder . rose ( wheeling in fury and slapping he hard across the face ) stop that ! he go cold and smile yellow . rose be they , Charlie ? the truth ? allnutt look back at she ; he chin begin to tremble ; with heroic effort he master it . he nod . captain fraulein sayer , you will come to order and answer the question of this court . Rose wheel and face he ; she be all cold fire . rose ask you question . captain what be you do on the lake ? rose we come here to sink this ship , and -- allnut ( in a loud voice ) rosie ! rose -- and we would have , too , except for -- allnut rosie ! rose let 's at least have the fun of tell they about it , Charlie . allnut do not you believe she , yer honor . she 's touch with the fever . rose ( impatient ) oh stop it , Charlie , we have be through all this . ( primly ) I be not go to outlive you and that 's all there be to it . captain ( a bit amused and skeptical ) just how , fraulein , do you propose to sink -- the k?nigin luise ? rose we be go to ram you . captain with how large a vessel ? rose with torpedoe . captain and 1st officer ( look at each other ; in unison ) torpedoes ! 2 nd officer torpedoes ? captain and 1st officer ( in unison ; toss bone to a dog ; in german ) torpedoes . 2 nd officer ( gape ) nein ! ( foolish enough to believe Rose and allnutt , he look at they with awe ) 1st officer ( interprete , smooth and sardonic ) I think it be safe to assume , miss sayer , that the british admiralty do not entrust you and this -- gentleman -- with the torpedoe . will you be so good as to tell we precisely where and how you acquire they ? rose acquire ? Mr. allnutt make they . first Officer and Captain exchange a significant glance : she be obviously nut . ( all through this , the second Officer , who no spik English , be like a puzzle observer at a tennis match . ) 1st officer ( a little like a warden in a loony house ) how very interesting . rose I do not think you even believe I . tell he how you do it , Charlie . ( over allnutt 's line , the officer exchange glance which mean : " he 's loony , too " . ) allnut ( 100 % the engineer ) well -- wot I do be take the 'ead off two cylinder of oxygen a ' fill them up with ' igh explosive -- ' bout two ' undre weight . that be easy enough -- it be the detonator take some hingenooity . know wot I use ? cartridge , a ' nail , in block o' soft wood . a pretty job . then I mount the cylinder so they stick through the bow of the African Queen , near the water line , so when we ram you -- captain ( half believe what he can not believe ) where be the African Queen ? rose she sink in the storm . captain how do you get onto the lake ? rose we come down the ulanga -- the bora , you call it down here . all three officer look at each other -- even the second Officer catch this -- and back at Rose . captain ( in English ) 1st officer ( in English ) 2 nd officer ( in german ) ( together ) but that be impossible ! rose nevertheless ! captain everybody know the river be unnavigable . rose ( proudly ) we come down it , though -- do not we , Charlie ? -- on the African Queen . close shot -- the derelict african queen float keel up . she be under water except for the two cylinder which stick up like the antennae of a snail . camera doe long pull back , to show the louisa approach . ext . deck -- the louisa medium shot -- rose and allnutt as they come out of the cabin surround by the ship 's officer . the company stop near the main mast where a crew member have finish make a hangman 's noose of one rope and be now tie a knot in another . 1st officer ( to Captain ) the man first . rose please -- hang we together . captain very well . he nod to the first Officer to proceed with the execution . allnutt and Rose exchange a look of satisfaction . allnut rosie , I be not gonna say goodbye again . it 's gettin ' to be a old story . rose darling ! the next moment , the deck heave upward . there be a rush of air and a frightful roar . smoke and fly debris fill the screen . medium long shot -- the water where that who be on deck be now struggle . there be something ludicrous about the Germans in they duck with the gold button and decoration try to keep above water . close shot -- rose and allnutt allnut wot 'appen ? rose we do it , Charlie , we do it ! allnut but 'ow ? Rose point to a piece of wreckage float on the water in the near distance . allnut well I will be ... be you all right , rosie ? rose never better . and you , dear ? allnut bit of all right . rose I be all turn round , Charlie . which way be the south shore ? allnut the one we be swim towards , old girl . camera move toward the piece of wreckage , lose Rose and allnutt , into close shot show the print word " African Queen " on the wreckage . when the name fill the screen -- fade out : the end