the man who invented christmas by Susan coyne ( base on the book : the man who invent Christmas by Les standiford ) December 1 , 2016 shoot script December 16 , 2016 Blue revision January 5 , 2017 pink revision January 8 , 2017 yellow revision Producers : Robert mickelson mystic Point production 310-450-1435 vadim Jean , Ian sharple the mob Film co tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 3535 8969 Paula mazur , Mitchell Kaplan mazur / Kaplan company 310-450-5838 the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 the man who invented christmas fade in : card : new york CITY . JUNE . 1841 1 in darkness we hear : dicken ( v.o . ) dear Forster ... how can I give you the faintest notion of my reception here in America ? omit 2 omit 3 int . dressing room - continuous 4 a stage manager knock and call out in a Brooklyn accent : stage manager ( 0o.s. ) five minute ... five minute ink stain finger fumble with silver cuff link . a pair of boot be smartly buff . a brightly coloured silk scarf be adjust . dicken ( v.o. ) of the crowd that pour in and out the whole day ; of the people that line the street when I go out ... in the mirror , the writer ( charle dicken ) look like a English rock star in he prime ( silk blouse , tight trousers , velvet jacket ) , fuss with the lock on he forehead , then step back and regards himself critically . dicken ( v.o. ) ....of the ball , dinner , speech , party , assembly without end . there never be a king or Emperor upon the Earth , so cheer . he break into a wide grin . dicken ' ello , Charlie . another knock at the door break the moment . stage manager ( 0o.s. ) place , please . place . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 2 dicken ( v.o. ) I have have deputation from the Far West , who have come from more than two thousand mile distance . int . park theater . corridor & stage - continuous 5 dicken move along the corridor . the sound of the crowd stomping they foot and clap they hand get louder as he near the stage . dicken ( v.o. ) they come from the lake , the river , the back - wood , the log - house , the city , factory , village and town - a presenter be make a flowery introduction on stage . the sound of the crowd be deafen . presenter .+.. the great magician of we time , whose wand be a book . the Shakespeare of the novel . the people 's author . dicken reach the wing . he breathes in deeply through he nose , steadying himself . he nod at the stage manager . stage manager ready ? dicken ready . presenter ( 0.s. ) ... the one and only , the inimitable , the great and marvellous boz ! lady and gentlemen- Mr. Charles dicken ! the stagehand raise the curtain . dicken take a deep breath and step into the light . at the sight of he , the audience rise to its foot as one . behind he '' tableaux vivant '' appear , depict sight and scene of London , beef eater roll out canon , character from Oliver twist come to life , urchin dance along to the band . dicken take this in . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 3 dicken ( v.o. ) Americans be friendly , earnest , hospitable , kind , frank , accomplish , warm - heart , fervent and enthusiastic ... uncertainly , he raise he arm above he head . the crowd go wilder still , blanketing the stage with flower and scream '' boz , boz , boz " '' . dicken attempt to speak to the crowd . dicken dear friend , you have welcome I to you country with such open arm that I fear that I - but he speech be cut off by a deafen volley as the cannon behind he fire ticker tape into the air . dicken shrink , cover he ear . dicken ( v.o. ) I can not wait to get home . omit 6 title card : london , october , 1843 sixteen month later int . dicken study - morning 7 dicken sit at he desk , pen in hand , in front of a blank piece of paper , as if willing something to appear . after a moment , he throw the pen down and get up to look in the mirror , make a face . he pick up a accordion and play a few squeaky note . dicken ( sing ) yanky doodle , doodle dandy turn right round in the bottom of the gangy - there be a tentative knock at the door . he throw it open in frustration . dicken ( cont 'd ) Mrs. fisk . I have tell you repeatedly not to disturb I when I be work . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 mrs . fisk , the housekeeper , a rather severe scotswoman , be take aback . beat . mrs . fisk I beg you pardon sir . only , Mr. Forster be here . dicken I will be right down . int . dicken house / hallway - morning the front hall be full of workmen , include the energetic signor mazzini , who be busy direct traffic , as various of the dicken child run in and out of the chaos . signor mazzini adesso ! subito ! veni qui ! kate give a tour to dicken 's friend and de facto literary manager , JOHN forster -- a big , pleasant - look man with a geordie accent . kate you see , Mr. Forster , we be have all new wallpaper . french . New door , new roller blind for the window , new book - case in the library , all choose by Charles , of course . and the staircase be to be paint green ( to signor mazzini ) — though not too dull a green , signor mazzini . signor mazzini Si , si. capice . kate ( to Forster ) you know how Charles be . forster the best be good enough for I ! kate I wish he have redecorate that study of he . it 's like a animal 's de . but he will not let anyone touch it ! two workmen pass between they carry a large chandelier . 4 the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 4a workman scusi . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 5 kate Mr. Forster . if you will allow I : how do thing stand between you and miss wigmore ? forster splendid , Mrs. dicken . in fact , I intend to ask she to bestow upon I the great happiness a man can ever know . kate stare at he , uncomprehend . forster ( cont 'd ) to marry I . kate ooh ! she embrace he , cause he to flush a deep crimson . kate ( cont 'd ) I be very glad to hear it . dicken come thunder down the stair . dicken Forster . good Lord . I completely lose track of the time . kate put out a hand . kate Charles . we need to pay signor mazzini . for the parlour mantle . dicken how much ? signor mazzini seventy - five pound . dicken stagger back . dicken seventy -five — what be it make of , gold ? signor mazzini carrara marble , signor . finest quality . no gentleman would accept less . beat . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 6 dicken I will have the money for you when I return , signor mazzini . dicken turn to Forster . dicken ( cont 'd ) shall we ? Forster bow to kate . forster good day , Mrs. dicken . kate good day , Mr. Forster . dicken be nearly out the door , where a workman be busy attach a shiny new knocker . forster I ' 1l hail we a cab . dicken waste of money . we ’1ll walk . forster walk ? be you mad ? dicken rush out , follow by Forster . they head down the street at pace , the London skyline in the distance . dicken the best way to lengthen we day be to walk steadily and with a purpose . 9 omit 9 10 int . chapman and hall . outer office - day 10 a publishing house in the strand . in the outside office , a nervous young clerk listen to a heat conversation in the other room . forster ( 0.s. ) gentlemen , we do not seem to understand one another . I ask you a simple question : where be the money ? chapman ( 0.s. ) the money , Mr. Forster — the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 forster ( 0.s. ) yes. money . you know : pound , shilling , stumpy , shiner , joey — a huge crash , then silence . the clerk wince . 11 int . chapman and hall . inner office - day 11 Forster stand by a overturn tea trolley . crockery everywhere . he gesture apologetically at the two publisher , chapman ( rather portly and florid ) and hall ( tall and angular ) . forster I do apologize . he attempt to pick up the break crockery . forster ( cont 'd ) bull in a china shop . chapman please do not trouble yourself . Forster resume he tirade . forster Charles bloody dicken ! the best - sell bloody author in the history of English bloody literature — he gesture towards dicken . dicken 's lip be press together , he attention on a magazine publication . the headline on it read '' Martin chuzzlewit , a tedious journey . '' forster ( cont 'd ) Three of he book you have publish in the last year and a half . Three . so — where be the money ? chapman Mr. Forster . like you , we be as puzzle as the egyptian in they fog . forster howzat ? hall the excitement with which a popular reputation be kept up to the highest selling Mark will always be subject to lull too capricious for explanation . 7 the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 8 forster ahm still not followin’ . chapman — Martin chuzzlewit — a masterpiece of the picaresque genre — and yet — hall barnaby rudge — a Fine Book — a important subject — but — ala — chapman and the Travel book — '' american Notes '' — hall perhaps — a Little too candid for we american cousin — forster no joke . I hear they be burn copy in the street . Forster notice dicken pain look . forster ( cont 'd ) mad as snake , the yank . Forster renew he attack . forster ( cont 'd ) and what about this fifty pound a month you be withhold from he royalty ? what 's the explanation for that ? the two publisher squirm uncomfortably . chapman produce the contract and peer at it to cover he nervousness . hall you May remember that when Mr. dicken approach we about the Tour to America , we be please to provide him with a interest - free loan — he falter . chapman continue . chapman with the provision that — in the unlikely case of profit be inadequate to certain repayment — Forster erupt . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 9 forster oh , divve not hoy I that ket , you sackless mairk . the publisher exchange glance . forster ( cont 'd ) so , he 's have a few flop , who have not ? you publishing house would not exist without this man ! chapman give dicken a nervous look . chapman actually , we do have a suggestion — hall - very popular with the reading Public — chapman perhaps Mr. dicken might consider — hall — and a lot of money to be make in - chapman — a railway edition of he work ? dicken be frown . forster you be not serious ? that cheap yellow - back job ? with advert for fig syrup on the cover ? they all watch as dicken get to he foot . he turn the magazine publication over to obscure he bad chuzzlewit review . dicken what about a advance ? chapman -- on ? dicken ( bluff ) ..- a new book . hall you have a New Book in mind ? forster of course he do ... the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 10 chapman well , in that case , obviously . we would Love to consider it ... dicken consider it ? hall that be to say , if we like it -- dicken if ? chapman I be sure we will -- dicken gentlemen . I bid you good day . he sweep out of the room . chapman Mr. Forster : please . we have no intention of cause offense . forster ay . he 's in a fettle now . give he a day to calm down — hall and then ... it 's most awkward ... '' he '' be in last week . in some difficulty . again . forster no , that 's not possible . he 's in the countryside . under strict instruction to remain there . beat . forster ( cont 'd ) what be it this time ? chapman hand he a letter and a envelope . forster ( cont 'd ) ( read ) '' , ..need money immediately or productive of fatal consequence ... I beseech you to do the needful ... '' Forster shake the envelope , cause several slip of paper to fall out , each one tear from a letter , each with a signature : Charles dicken . Forster make a face . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 12 13 11 hall he 's be offer Mr. dicken 's autograph for sale in the newspaper . forster how much do you give he ? chapman forty-five , all told . forster forty-five ! — I ‘'1l pay you back for it . not a word of this to Charles , do you hear ? ext . garrick club - afternoon 12 a georgian building near covent Garden , once a private house , now a gentleman 's club , with a brass plate beside the door : the garrick club . and underneath , the motto : '' all the world be a stage . '' forster rush in , umbrella in hand . int . garrick club . dine room - afternoon 13 a cozy dining room , typical of a victorian man 's club . beside the bar , a group of smart young men be gather , gossipe and make quip . at the centre of the group be a tall fellow with a bray laugh ( william makepeace thackeray ) . dicken stand by the cloak room , hold a newspaper in front of he face . forster ( 0.s. ) Charles ? dicken fold down a corner of the newspaper . dicken shhh ... forster what be you do over here ? dicken gesture towards the group . dicken I be hide . from thackeray . he will want to commiserate with I on my chuzzlewit review . which he will quote by heart . Forster walk into the dining room . dicken scuttle after he , take care not to be see by thackeray . Forster grab a chair and crane he head around . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 forster where 's Robertson ? I be clammin’ for some scran . dicken slink into another chair . dicken why do we come here ? the service be terrible . the food be inedible . and the fee keep go up — a elderly waiter appear and bow low , lose he he fix he gaze somewhere above they head . waiter gentlemen ? forster you be not Robertson . waiter the name be marley , sir . dicken marley ? dicken get out a pencil and a notebook . dicken ( cont 'd ) with a e ? the waiter 's eye flicker with apprehension . waiter yes , sir . forster do not worry . he collect name . let 's have some oyster . and a bottle of champagne . waiter very good , sir . the waiter exit , at a stately pace . dicken Champagne ? forster we be celebrate . thackeray ( 0.c. ) celebrate ? 12 balance . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 13 thackeray have somehow materialize at they table , a evil glint in he eye . dicken thackeray . how be you ? thackeray tolerable I thank ye . Charles . I must say , I be relieved to see you out and about . dicken relieved ? thackeray you know . after that vile thing they write about chuzzlewit . I will not even call they review . dicken no matter , I never read they . Forster shoot he a skeptical look . he wait . thackeray quite right . scandalous , what one be allow to print nowadays . dicken grit he tooth . dicken why ? what do they say ? thackeray '' dull , vapid , and vulgar ... not a single character capable of exciting the reader 's sympathy . '' ( beat ) I certainly do not think it be vulgar . dicken give he a tight smile . thackeray ( cont ’d ) oh , look ! there 's macready . poor thing . his macbeth be absolutely shred in the Times . I must go and give he my condolence . thackeray waft away to rejoin the group at the bar . dicken I be sick of London . over -crowd , over - priced -- the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 14 forster - you love this town - dicken - no place for a man without money . not to mention the bloody fog -- forster it 's you inspiration . you be what -— do - you -call it ? Magic lantern . the waiter arrive . he open the bottle with some difficulty , then bang a plate of oyster down on the table and leave . dicken I tell you , Forster , my lamp 's go out . I have run out of idea . I feel old . forster Old . whssht . you be a puppy . Forster pour some champagne . forster ( cont 'd ) you be exhaust , that 's what . too many speech . dicken I have get one tomorrow , for the Children 's refuge . forster you have to learn to say no . dicken how can I ? if I can be useful . forster you will have to . what with you new commission . dicken Forster , I just tell you — he stop himself . dicken ( cont 'd ) — what commission ? forster from chapman and Hall . for you next book . Forster grin and hand he a cheque . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 14 15 15 forster ( cont 'd ) I tell they you would have the first chapter by the end of the year . you like a deadline . dicken stare at he . dicken do you mind tell I what it 's about ? forster oh , I leave that up to youse . he grin and help himself to the oyster . int . study - night 14 dicken go through a complicated pre-write ritual : straighten everything on he desk , paper , ink , pen knife , quill ; then rapidly touch he desk ornament one by one : a cup with fresh flower in it , a pair of bronze toad , a rabbit , and a ceramic monkey . he place a blank sheet in front of he , dip he pen in ink , then stare at the paper , once again willing something to appear . ink drip slowly from the pen onto the page . he hear a strange , unearthly cry come from nearby . voice ( 0.s. ) ul-ul-alul -alu ! he open the door , listen . int . dicken house . nursery - night 15 dicken descend the stair to the nursery . a young nursemaid , tara be tell a bedtime story to the child in a soft irish lilt . tara .-. and on Christmas Eve , they say , the fairy mound open wide , and the fire spirit pour into the night ... and then the Lord of the Dead lead all of the spirit in a Wild hunt . and he call to they ... she throw back she head . tara ( cont 'd ) ul-ul -alul - alu ! the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 16 16 charlie age 10 , dicken 's oldest son , shiver with excitement and dread . dicken linger a moment , mesmerize . int . dicken bedroom - night 16 dicken be in bed , go through the account book , while kate read a book call roughing it in the Bush . dicken do we have a new housemaid ? kate what ? oh , yes . tara . she 's irish . charley adore she . the candle sputter . she light a new one . dicken what be you do ? she show he the stub of the old candle . kate it be only a stub . dicken there 's another hour in that . kate oh , really , Charles . dicken if you carry on like this , we will end up in the poor House . kate laugh . kate you be funny . dicken I be not joke . kate Charles . you give money to any and every beggar on the street . you insist on move to a bigger house , and order all new fixture , and then you complain about a new candle . dicken speak with a fervid intensity . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , dicken I know whereof I speak , kate . debt be -— a ogre . if you be not careful it can eat you up . beat . kate be we in trouble ? dicken no . of course not . kate then what — ? dicken nothing . beat . dicken ( cont 'd ) I be sick of write tooth and nail for bread , that 's all . kate have hear this before . she go back to she book . kate mmmm ... dicken I should have become a journalist . kate you hate the press . dicken or a lawyer . kate '' the law be a ass . '' I believe you write that . dicken a hairdresser , then . in the burlington arcade . '' Hair shampoo on the Oxford system . '' kate smile . kate do you know what I should have like to be ? refer to she book — 2016 17 the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 17 18 kate ( cont 'd ) a explorer . paddle a canoe . somewhere in the wild of Canada . in a pair of buckskin breech ... all on my own ... no nappy to change ... she glance at dicken , lose in he own thought . kate ( cont 'd ) by the way , dear ... I see the doctor today . this get he attention . dicken not - another Little Stranger ? she smile . kate be you pleased ? beat . dicken of course ! splendid . he stare straight ahead for a moment , then blow out the light . flashback : int . dicken childhood home - evening 17 a match flare and touch the wick of a magic lantern . voice ( 0.s. ) and now for this year 's Christmas present ! above it , the genial face of a middle - age man appear , ( whom we will come to know as JOHN dicken ) . he be dress in the elaborate headdress of a stage magician . mr . dicken I be the necromancer , rhia rhama rhoos , educate cabalistically in the Orange grove of salamanca . behold ! he clap he hand , theatrically . young charle ( age 10 ) and he six brother and sister be settle in front of a sheet hang from the clothes horse . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 18 19 19 behind they we can see a table set for Christmas dinner with holly and mistletoe . Mr. dicken slip a paint slide into the magic lantern and a image appear on the sheet : a angel , hover above a group of shepherd . child ohhh ... then , a bearded hunter , with a stag over he shoulder . child ( cont 'd ) ahhh .... then , aladdin and he lantern . child ( cont 'd ) hooray ! on the face of the child , there be a look of utter enchantment , but most particularly Young Charles . a terrifying ghost appear next . Young Charles cover he face with he hand . young charle no . go away . Mr. dicken put he hand on the young boy 's head to comfort he . Mr. dicken it 's all right , Charlie . I be here . you be safe . Young Charles climb into he father 's arm . mr. dicken ( cont 'd ) here . now . i’1l show you how to get rid of bad spirit . ready ? they clap they hand together . the light on the magic lantern go out , and the ghost disappear . int . bedroom - early morning ( present ) 18 dicken awake from he dream . beside he , kate sleep peacefully . int . parlour - morning 19 the dicken child , charley , mamie ( age 5 ) , kate ( 4 ) , walter ( age 3 ) line up for inspection . dicken bowl in use a different voice to talk to each child , start with mamie . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 20 dicken mistress chickenstalker . how be you this fine morning ? she giggle . dicken ( cont 'd ) what be the matter with you pinnie ? it look as if you have be catch in a cyclone . she straighten it . he move on to walter , stand as straight as he can . dicken salute . dicken ( cont 'd ) master corporal skittles . sir. he stare fixedly at walter 's shoe . dicken ( cont 'd ) ahem . the little boy self - consciously rub one on the back of he leg . dicken nod , approvingly . he move on to kate . dicken ( cont 'd ) hello , lucifer box . kate hello , papa . dicken offer she he handkerchief . dicken would you do I the honour ? she blow she nose . he arrive at charley , cling to the leg of tara . dicken ( cont 'd ) a-ha . the snodger blee . we meet at last . charley shrink behind tara . charley Morning , pa . dicken inspect he up and down . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 20 21 dicken much better , sir . but ... what 's this ? you forget to wash behind you ear . dicken pull a coin from charley 's ear , to he delight . tara cor ! dicken turn he attention to tara . dicken tara , be it ? tara yes , sir . dicken note the look of adoration on charley 's face . dicken I see you have make a conquest . tara ruffle charley 's hair . dicken ( cont ’d ) what be you tell the child last night ? about the fairy ? tara glance at Mrs. fisk , nervously . tara only a story my gran use to tell we , sir . back home in Ireland . she use to say that on Christmas Eve the veil between this world and the next thin out . and that 's when the spirit cross over , and walk among we . dicken reflect on this . dicken do they indeed ? int / ext . freemason 's hall - night 20 on the interior step of the great hall , a sign announce : '' a benefit for the Children 's refuge . with Charles dicken . '' well - dress patron stream out . dicken walk out of the hall , shaking hand with a haughty Society woman . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 22 society woman # 1 thank you for come . such a interesting speech . another couple of society lady go by , whisper . society lady # 2 ... not nearly as handsome as I would think ... a red-face industrialist , grimsby , and he star-struck wife approach . mrs . grimsby oh , Mr. dicken . it be such a honour to meet you . Mr. grimsby look unimpress . mrs . grimsby ( cont 'd ) we just adore you book . mr . grimsby no , I do not . mrs . grimsby well , I love they . mr . grimsby nonsense . you just like a good cry . dicken give he a strain smile . dicken what be it you particularly object to in my book ? mr . grimsby pickpocket , streetwalker , charity boy . that people do not belong in book . dicken that people ? you mean , the poor ? they continue outside the building where dicken indicate to a knot of bare - foot urchins , watch from the shadow . grimsby straighten up . mr . grimsby look here , Mr. dicken . I be a self - make man . I pull myself up by my own bootstrap , never ask for anything from anyone that I be not willing to pay for . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 21 23 dicken no help from anyone ? mr . grimsby none . mrs . grimsby well , papa do give we a very small cotton mill for we wedding . Mr. grimsby ignore this , whilst shoe away a poor urchin begging for money . dicken what would you suggest we do about '' that people '' ? mr . grimsby be there no workhouses ? dicken do you know that many people have rather die than go there ? mr . grimsby then they have better do it , and reduce the surplus population . dicken struggle to control he temper . dicken will you excuse I ? I have a -- I must -- good evening . he stride off . ext . london street - night 21 dicken stride angrily through the chaotic , noisy street of London , past waiter thrust handbills into the hand of passersby , cabbie solicit fare , a ballad singer croaking out a tune , a barefoot crossing sweeper leaping into the street to clear away the manure . a toothless man in a long cloak approach emerge out of the crowd and flash dicken a lop-side grin . toothless man Care to buy ? hard worker . Suitable for factory work or chimney sweeping . move aside he cloak he reveal two child , a boy and a girl , pale and emaciate , cling to he leg . dicken reel back in shock . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 22 24 dicken let they go ! let they go , or I 'il have the police after you . the man turn and run , the child in tow . dicken try to give chase across the street , but be nearly knock over by a large cart draw by four horse . on the side the word be write : '' Warren 's black : the pride of mankind '' . dicken freeze . he look around . the toothless man and he child be go . hear footstep , he give chase down a darken alleyway . faster he go , leave , right , until he be completely disorientate . ext . church graveyard - night 22 turn a corner , dicken find himself in the graveyard of a church and collapse under a tree , exhaust . he close he eye . voice # 1 ( 0.s. ) I lift up mine eye unto the hill from whence cometh my help my help cometh even from the Lord who hath make heaven and earth -- a gravelly voice cut he off . voice # 2 ( 0.s . ) -- all right . I be not pay you by the hour . skip to the end . dicken open he eye . in the glow of a lantern , a grave - side burial be take place , attend only by a red-nose cleric in a threadbare black coat , and a lone mourner in a black silk hat , and two stalwart grave-diggers . cleric ( rapidly ) Rest eternal grant to he , o Lord : and let light perpetual shine upon he . amen . lone mourner amen . the Lone mourner press a coin into the clergyman 's hand and stride away , clearly anxious to be go . the grave-diggers shuffle towards the grave , spade in hand . grave digger # 1 point towards the coffin . grave digger # 1 shame , innit ? all that money and no - one to mourn he . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 23 24 25 grave digger # 2 -- except Old scratch there . he nod towards the depart Lone mourner . grave digger # 1 who be he ? grave digger # 2 his business partner . the meanest cur on two leg , so they say . dicken shrink against the wall as the Lone mourner pass he , shoot he a look of pure malice . lone mourner humbug . dicken recoil . ext. / int . dicken house - night 23 dicken return home , in a state of agitation , mutter to himself . dicken Old scratch ... all that money ... shame ... he reach for the doorknocker when suddenly the door fly open . dicken react as the knocker come away in he hand . mrs . fisk good evening , sir . dicken indeed , Mrs. fisk . he hand she he hat , and head for the stair , hold on to the knocker , not quite sure what to do with it , past the dining room where the whole family sit wait for he . kate Charles ? dicken be oblivious . dicken humbug ! int . study - night 24 dicken scribbles furiously , talk to himself , like a man possess . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 25 26 dicken ( v.o . ) it 's about a businessman . or a factory owner . a miser . his partner die . but he do not shed a tear . thinks only of the money . and on Christmas Eve — int . chapman and hall . inner office - morning 25 dicken pace , flushed with excitement , refer to he hastily scrawle note . dicken -— on Christmas Eve — he meet some kind of , of , of , I do not know - he gesture with he hand . dicken ( cont 'd ) — supernatural guide — or , spirit possibly - who in the course of one night , teach he what a miserable , loathsome , selfish toad he be . a short book . short and sharp . a hammerblow to the heart of this smug , self - satisfied age . Forster and the publisher nod they head with enthusiasm , though it be clear they do not follow . dicken ( cont 'd ) it 's a comedy . Forster breathes out , with relief . forster ah-ha ! Hall brilliant . chapman do it have a title ? dicken yes . it 's call , a Christmas ghost Story ... no , uh — a Christmas — song. ballad . something like that . chapman clear he throat , glance at Hall . chapman intrigue . really .... er. one question — why Christmas ? the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 27 dicken 's mouth twitches dangerously . dicken why not ? Hall leap into the fray . hall well , Christmas : not what it use to be , what ? he chortle at he own joke . chapman I mean to say , do anyone still celebrate it ? other than we clerk ? who never miss a opportunity to take a Day off with pay ! hall indeed ! ha , ha . more or less a Excuse for pick a man 's pocket every twenty -fifth of December ! dicken stare at they . Hall shift uncomfortably . a awkward silence . chapman what we mean to say , Mr. dicken , be , not much market for '' Christmas book '' ... . what ? dicken try to control he rise temper . dicken it be a Christmas book because Christmas be — or ought to be — the one time of the year when man and woman open they shut - up heart , and think of the people below they as if they really be fellow - passenger to the grave , and not another race of creature altogether . Hall nod , vigorously . hall indeed . chapman Mr. dicken . we be already halfway through October . ( more ) the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 26 28 chapman ( cont 'd ) even if you have already written it , we could not possibly get it illustrate , typeset , printed and bound , advertise and distribute to shop in only six week . dicken voice be calm , but he eye blaze . dicken I see . well , gentleman . thank you for you opinion . and with that , he rip up the cheque Forster have give he and sweep out of the room . chapman Mr. dicken ! ext . london STREET - day 26 dicken hasten down the street . Forster catch he by the sleeve . dicken — the scaly - head vulture — money grub , scum-suck — forster Charles . dicken I will do it myself . forster what ? dicken I will pay for it , all of it , include the illustration , and distribute myself . forster Charles . this be madness . think of you finances ! let 's go back and renegotiate . no shame in it . it 's just business . why throw everything over for a-a - minor holiday ? dicken regards he coldly . dicken my mind be make up , John . I have never feel so strongly about anything in my life . you can help I , or not . as you wish . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 27 28 29 29 dicken storm off , head straight for a nearby tailor shop . forster where be you off to ? dicken to raise some capital . forster eh? dicken ( off he look ) one thing I have learn from my father : people will believe anything if you be properly dress . omit 27 ext . railway station - day 28 through the steam from the engine , a nattily - dressed man help he wife down from the train . we can not quite make out he feature at first . then he turn and we see that it be mr. dicken sr. , older than before but still as ebullient . mr. dicken nothing like the air of the metropolis to put colour in you cheek , eh mother ? Mrs. dicken inhale deeply . int . haddock 's office - day 29 Forster and dicken , in he new clothes , perch on uncomfortable chair in the office of he solicitor . dicken 's eye dart around the room : at the paper stain with coffee , glass with mold halfway up the side . a safe , wound round and about with heavy chain . the door fly open and thomas haddock , appear , in a fade coat over a threadbare waistcoat . haddock Mr. dicken . Mr. Forster . how do you ? dicken very well , thank you , Mr. haddock . haddock mitten . bad boy . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 30 he pick a evil- look cat off he chair and sit down . haddock ( cont 'd ) now . how can I be of service ? dicken well , sir , it 's about the loan -- mr . haddock - come to think of it , there be something I want to tell you . what be it ? haddock get up and start to rifle through some dog - eared file on the desk . haddock it be rather good news , as I recall -- haddock find a plate of biscuit under one of the file they and offer they to Forster . forster thank you . ow ! the cat have leapt onto he lap . haddock mitten ! you rascal ... what be I -- dicken you say you have good news . about the lawsuit ? haddock lawsuit ? dicken copyright infringement . haddock eh ? forster Oliver twisted . '' as re-originated from the original . '' haddock have find the file . haddock oh , yes ! here it be . good news indeed . we win . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 31 dicken what ? haddock the fine be set at twenty - two hundred pound . dicken nearly cry with relief . dicken twenty - two hundred — oh , haddock . you can not think how relieved I be . the pirate be beat — haddock the bad news be the defendant have no money . beat . dicken what ? haddock bankrupt ... disappoint , I know ... of course , we could have they arrest . throw they in the debtor 's prison . dicken shake he head , repulse . dicken no. no. no. haddock as you wish . meanwhile , if you would be so good . haddock unlock a metal case wrap round with chain and take out a paper , stamp '' payment on demand '' . haddock ( cont 'd ) here 's my bill . no rush . next week will be fine . haddock dip he biscuit in he tea , placidly . dicken attempt to stifle he anxiety . dicken the thing be , haddock ... he glance at Forster . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 32 dicken ( cont 'd ) I be wait for a big royalty cheque from America . a trifling sum what be it , 400 pound , Forster ? Forster nearly choke on he biscuit . forster mm ? something like that . the solicitor listen attentively . dicken tell you what ... why do not we defer this bill until , say January . and , while we be at it , perhaps you might add a little more to it . i’1l make it worth you while . haddock more ? you mean , borrow more ? dicken not much — perhaps 300 pound ? until — until , January . Forster reach for the tea . the solicitor think . dicken look pale , wipe he brow . haddock I be sure we can work something out . at , say , twenty - five percent ? Forster can not contain himself . forster God 's tooth ! the cat leap off Forster 's lap with a piteous meow . dicken be not well . ashen . haddock however , I will require the money to be repaid at the end of January without fail . dicken of course . Forster here will sort out the detail with you . dicken walk carefully from the room , as if he might faint . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 30 31 33 ext . haddock 's office - continuous 30 dicken hasten down the street , and turn the corner . he lean up against the wall , eye close , sweat . forster ( 0.s. ) Charles ? dicken open he eye to find forster look at he closely . he clap he on the shoulder . forster ( cont 'd ) Charles ? be you all right ? dicken straighten up , shrugging off the moment . dicken a kidney spasm . that 's all . he stalk off . dicken ( cont 'd ) ( over he shoulder ) find I a illustrator . int . pawnshop - day 31 Mr. dicken senior be show a pawnbroker a book as he wife look on . mr . dicken best quality , sir . Al condition .... and look — he open the cover . mr . dicken ( cont 'd ) inscribe by the author . the pawnbroker peer at the handwritten inscription . pawnbroker to papa . Love , Charles . the pawnbroker examine dicken senior skeptically . pawnbroker ( cont ’d ) five bob . voice ( 0.s. ) hallo old girl . hallo old girl . Mr. dicken look up to see a cage crow , walk up and down on he perch . Mr. dicken 's face light up . he turn back to the pawnbroker . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 32 33 34 35 34 mr. dicken perhaps we might strike a bargain ? int . hallway - day 32 outside the study , a trio of servant and tara be giggle as they listen to the master make strange noise . dicken oh but he be a tight - fisted hand at the grindstone , old — ... scratch ? scrounger ?... int . study - day 33 dicken - a covetous old sinner ! ... old — whatshisname ! he throw he pen down in frustration . int . hallway - day 34 dicken ( 0.s. ) .... screwpull .... scrabbly ... scr —rrrr—aahhh — chh ... aahhh they push tara forward . servant go on . he will not bite . tara knock softly on the door , and open it . int . study - continuous 35 tara enter . dicken be nowhere to be see . she tiptoe over to the fire . suddenly , she hear — dicken ( 0.s. ) mr.... scrimple ! she squeal with terror . dicken sit up from the couch where he have be lie and take the handkerchief off he face . dicken ( cont 'd ) you , what be you do in here ? tara I have just come to see to the fire , sir . dicken I be not to be interrupt under any circumstance . do you hear ? the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 35 tara I beg you pardon , sir . it will not happen again . tara turn to go . dicken wait . what 's that in you pocket ? tara 's take out a penny dreadful magazine and reluctantly hand it over to dicken . dicken examine the cover : a winge vampire with bloody tooth . dicken ( cont 'd ) '' varney the vampire : the feast of blood . '' any good ? tara oh , yes , sir . thrill . he smile . dicken where do you learn to read ? tara my mum teach I . but then she die . so , I have to go to the grubber . dicken recoil . dicken the workhouse ? tara you will not tell Mrs. fisk , will you ? she would think I be shirking . dicken it will be we secret . dicken pluck a book off the shelf : the Arabian Night . dicken ( cont 'd ) in fact , I will make you a trade . varney the vampire for ... aladdin and he Magic lamp . she take the book in she hand with awe . tara oh. my. the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 36 dicken read it and tell I what you think . tara thank you , sir . she hesitates . tara ( cont 'd ) who be scrimple ? dicken scrimple ? tara when I come in ... you be say — dicken it 's just a name . in a story I be concoct . you get the name right and then — if you be lucky — the character will appear . tara eye dart around the room . dicken ( cont 'd ) he 's not here yet . he smile . then be strike by a think . he start to pace , oblivious to she . dicken ( cont 'd ) scrantish ? tara tiptoe out , unobserve . dicken ( cont 'd ) s— c—rarmer — ... s— c—r—ungge . no ! come on , come on , you old sinner . he close he eye , conjure up the image of the Lone mourner in he mind . dicken ( cont 'd ) scrooge ! a sudden gust of wind make the fire leap up , the papers fly around the room . scrooge ( 0.s. ) shut the window ! do you think I be make of money ? dicken jump . behind he , scrooge , dress as the Lone mourner . dicken be awe-struck . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 37 dicken Mr. scrooge . how delightful to meet you , sir . scrooge I be sorry I can not say the same . dicken come now , Mr. scrooge . do not be standoffish . we ought to be friend . scrooge do not have friend . do not need ‘em . dicken laugh . dicken naturally .... I know . let 's play a game . scrooge I do not like game . dicken humour I ... what do you think of when I say the word '' darkness '' . scrooge cheap . dicken Love . scrooge a swindle . dicken money . scrooge Security . dicken Children . scrooge nuisance . dicken workhouse . scrooge useful . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 36 38 dicken Christmas . a strange look pass over scrooge 's face . scrooge Christmas . dicken that 's right . dicken lean in , pen at the ready . they both jump at the sound of a pierce scream . mrs. fisk ( 0.s. ) help ! help ! get it away ! dicken throw open the door . int . front hall - continuous 36 dicken thunder down the stair . dicken what be go on ? he see miss fisk cower in a corner , as a large raven make a dive at she head . mrs . fisk get it away ! the filthy thing ! the child laugh and clap they hand as Mr. dicken wave a cage at the bird . mr . dicken come on now , grip . back in you cage , old chap . dicken Father ? mr . dicken Charles ! good day ! dicken what be you do here ? mr . dicken I be in the neighbourhood . think I would drop by with a present for the child . charley his name be grip ! he talk ! the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 37 39 grip be on a ledge , march back and forth in agitation . child can we keep he ? grip halloa , old girl . halloa old girl . Mrs. fisk clutches the edge of the bannister . mrs. fisk it 's bad luck . a bird in the house . it mean death . dicken motion for he father to move into the parlour . int . parlour - continuous 37 dicken turn to address he father . dicken what be you do back in London ? mr . dicken my dear Charles . I will not disguise from you , that this be not the ardor with which a loving father might be expect — dicken you be suppose to be in Devon . mr . dicken ha , banishment ! be merciful , say ' death ; ' for exile hath more terror in he look — ' dicken we have a agreement . I buy you a house . gave you a allowance . Mr. dicken look sheepish . mr . dicken and you know how very grateful I be . as for I , I be happy wherever the weather . but you mother — be of a more delicate sensibility . the sight of cow cause she actual physical pain . dicken Father — the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 40 mr . dicken and then you see , I need to do some research in the London Library . dicken be skeptical of this . dicken Research ? mr . dicken I have a commission from the spectator . to write a feature on the Bank Charter Act . the editor be greatly impressed by my series on Marine insurance . kate and Mrs. dicken appear in the doorway . kate good for you , Father . and I hope you and mother will stay here with we . she shoot a look at dicken . kate ( cont 'd ) the child and I will enjoy have some company in the evening . Mr. dicken glance at he son , apprehensively . dicken ( relenting ) the spectator . most impressive . mr . dicken thank you my boy ... ( drop he voice ) er. you could not perhaps lend I a tenner ? the fellow take my last farthing for the cage . suddenly there be a ominous crash in the hallway . they run to see grip , perch on the new chandelier , cause bit and piece to fall to the floor . mr . dicken ( cont 'd ) I will see that 's all clean up . the child surround Mr. dicken , delighted , as dicken hold he tongue and head back upstairs . 38 int . study - later that night 38 dicken pace , grip he hair in frustration . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision dicken gah ! '' this be not the ardor , with which a loving father - '' January 8 , 2016 41 he throw himself down on the couch . he look up and see scrooge . scrooge humbug . dicken what be ? scrooge Christmas . dicken sit up . dicken what about it ? scrooge what be it but a excuse for pick a man 's pocket every twenty - fifth of December ?... dicken jump up and run to he desk and rapidly go through he pre-write ritual . dicken yes , yes ! keep go . scrooge .+-a time for pay bill without money .... dicken start to write , furiously . scrooge ( cont 'd ) .+.a time for find yourself a year older and not a hour richer . dicken excellent . scrooge if I could work my will , every idiot who go about with '' merry Christmas '' on he lip , should be boil with he own pudding and bury with a stake of holly through he heart . he should . dicken laugh out loud . he look at scrooge , admiringly . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 42 dicken oh , Mr. scrooge . you and I be go to do great thing together . dicken start scratch away , while scrooge peer over he shoulder , smile . dicken ( cont 'd ) oh , but he be a tight - fisted hand at the grindstone , scrooge . a squeezing , wrenching , grasp , scraping , clutching , covetous old sinner ! hard and sharp as flint , from which no steel have ever strike out generous fire ; secret , and self - contain and solitary as a oyster . dicken glance over he shoulder . scrooge immediately rearrange he feature into a scowl . there be a knock at the door . mr . dicken ( 0.s. ) Charles ? scrooge disappear . Mr. dicken poke he head in , smile . mr . dicken ( cont 'd ) hard at work ? dicken grit he tooth . dicken what can I help you with , Father ? mr . dicken I wonder if we might have a extra candlestick for we room ? dicken of course . he hand he a candlestick . Mr. dicken eye a box on the mantelpiece . mr . dicken oooo . be that cigar ? Mr. dicken advance into the room . mr . dicken ( cont 'd ) I must confess , I have acquire a irrepressible habit of smoking whilst I write . shameful , I know . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 43 he pocket the box . mr . dicken ( cont 'd ) well . I will not detain you . he tiptoe out . dicken pick up the doorknocker from the front door , now sit on he desk , and rap on it a few time , angrily . scrooge immediately reappear , a look of alarm on he face . scrooge do not do that . dicken why ? scrooge he will think he 's be summon -- suddenly , the air be fill with a terrible clanking sound , as of chain be drag up the stair and the hallway . scrooge look terrify . scrooge ( cont 'd ) too late . dicken who be it ? scrooge be too terrify to speak . dicken pick up he book of name , rapidly flipping through the list . dicken ( cont 'd ) uh ... bunsby . clennam . heep ... hexam . scrooge stop . dicken magwitch ?... marley ... the light in the room dim one by one . suddenly , the door fly open and the ghost of jacob marley ( bear a strong resemblance to he solicitor , haddock ) , cover in chain , padlock , cash - box and steel purse , appear . scrooge attempt a smile . scrooge Jacob ? be that you ? dicken look at scrooge . dicken you know he ? the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 scrooge my business partner . last I see he , he be dead as a doornail . the ghost give out a dreadful howl . marley Business ! mankind be my business ! the common welfare be my business ; charity , mercy , forbearance , and benevolence , be , all , my business . but I do none of this . scrooge he be never one for a straight answer . the ghost give another howl . dicken come in , I pray you . 44 marley clank into the room , drag he chain . dicken ( cont 'd ) you be in chain . tell I why . marley I wear the chain I forge in life . I make it link by link , and yard by yard . I gird it on of my own free will , and of my own free will I wear it . dicken indeed . marley be its pattern strange to you ? dicken start to write . dicken «+.. strange to you .... marley or would you know the weight and length of the strong coil you bear yourself ? dicken look up . marley be stare straight at take a careful step towards marley . dicken you mean he , surely . he . dicken the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 39 45 marley lean towards he , confidentially . he walk around dicken , circle he with a loose chain . marley chain man , all around you . past ... and present ... and what be to come . dicken stare at he , he mind racing . and with that , marley pull the loose chain tight around dicken . flashback : int . dicken family home - night 39 the child crowd around the Christmas table . Mr. dicken at the head , in a richly pattern waistcoat . a cheer go up as Mrs. dicken , set a large turkey down on the table . Mr. dicken hold up he hand for silence . he intone . mr . dicken hail to thee blithe turkey . whose exquisite odour now perfume the circumambient air . so let this day be fragrant with the love we bear each other . and may God bless we everyone . he wink at young charle , who stare up at he with adoration . young charle +... every one . suddenly , the door fly open . a bailiff fill the door frame , accompany by two burly deputy . bailiff Mr. John dicken ? mr . dicken that be my name . bailiff come with I . mr . dicken what be the meaning of this termagant breach of we yuletide feast ? bailiff eh? the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 40 4l 46 mr. dicken what be the matter ? bailiff the matter be a debt of some forty pound and ten shilling . fourteen month in arrears . the bailiff hold out a set of handcuffs . bailiff ( cont 'd ) if you please . the deputy enter the room , and start load household goods onto a cart , furniture , silverware , book , anything they can get they hand on . mr. dicken gentlemen ! please ! this be all a misunderstanding . a circumstance of great moment to I be to be decide in the ensue term — Young Charles burst into tear . young charle tell they to stop . tell they to stop ! a handcuff Mr. dicken be helpless to comfort he . as he struggle to reach Charles , he knock the magic lantern and it fall , shatter on the ground . int . dicken study - morning 40 dicken wake with a start . he be lie on the couch . he look around . the room be empty . ext . ST . jame park - day 41 dicken march along the foot path , with Forster struggle to keep up . dicken what about leech ? for the illustration . forster leech ? he 's so prickly . and by no mean the cheapest — dicken I do not want the cheapest -— the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 47 forster - Charles . for God 's sake , slow down . you move at railway speed . dicken slow down slightly . dicken I want the best . forster it 's go well then ? dicken what ? forster the book . dicken brilliant . best thing I have ever do . forster so you be -- dicken I have eleven page . forster - eleven ? dicken if it be not for the constant interruption - you know my father 's stay with we ? forster oh . dicken indeed . he could not have come at a worse time - Forster be distract by the sight of a pretty young woman ( charlotte wigmore , age 25 ) walk by with a chaperone . forster ooh ! Charlotte 's face light up at the sight of Forster . her companion turn she around to walk the other way . dicken who be that ? the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 48 forster Charlotte . dicken who ? forster my fiancee . I tell you -- dicken fiancee ? forster she 's a canny lass , be she not ? dicken indeed , most amiable . forster amiable ? why man , she 's a angel , a sylph , a- I do not know what . suddenly Forster burst into tear . dicken stare at he , perplex . dicken whatever be the matter ? forster Charlotte and I — have come to a parting of the way . dicken I think you say you be engage — forster be . her father have no intention for she to marry the son of a gateshead butcher . dicken try to think what to say . dicken perhaps its for the best . the life matrimonial ... it 's not for everyone , old stick . Forster manfully master he emotion . forster no doubt . no doubt . Forster blow he nose . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 42 49 forster ( cont 'd ) so ... leech ? dicken that 's the ticket . int . leech studio - day 42 dicken and Forster visit leech , a eccentric-look man , with hair like a rooster . Forster study the frame cartoon on the wall as dicken describe he vision to leech . dicken four wood cut and four etching . the cover in red . Hand -coloure . the title in rustic write . the end papers to be green and all three edge to be gild . leech gild ? that will cost you . dicken it must be exquisite . that 's why we come to you . leech you 'il have to sell every copy to make you money back . dicken that be my intention , Mr. leech . leech purse he lip together . leech have you bring the manuscript ? dicken I will have something for you ina week . leech a week ? that leave only four week to do the illustration and get it to the printer in time for Christmas . dicken can you do it ? leech Mr. dicken . I be not a hire hand . I be a artist . what you be ask be impossible . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 43 44 45 50 dicken impossible for a ordinary man , yes . but you be no ordinary man , Mr. leech . you be a genius . leech draw himself up like a poker . leech fifty pound . paid in advance . plus more for the plate . dicken hesitates . dicken done. Forster pass he hand over he face as dicken head for the door . forster Charles - ext . london STREET - day 43 Forster confront dicken on the street outside leech 's studio . forster look , Charles , I do not mean to be the voice of doom but before we lay out money for illustration , we should consider what happen if you do not finish on time . dicken I will finish on time . Forster do not have the heart to pursue it . forster quite . ext . dicken house - day 44 dicken arrive home . the door be open . a workman stand by it , perplex by the miss door knocker . int . dicken hallway - day 45 dicken step in . Mrs. fisk take he hat . dicken thank you — signor mazzini be fix the chandelier . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 46 51 signor mazzini Mr. dicken . I fix . see ? dicken yes. grazie , Mr. mazzini . signor mazzini be no problem . no problem ! only twelve guinea extra ! there be a sound of laughter in the parlour above . dicken turn to Mrs. fisk . dicken I think my father be off to the british library . mrs. fisk it 's you sister , sir . come from Manchester with she little boy . int . parlour - continuous 46 dicken 's sister fanny ( mid-thirty , pretty but fade ) be on the floor , with she young son , henry JR , and all the dicken child , play with a toy theatre . Henry 's father , the reverend henry burnett look on , beam . dicken fanny ! fanny glance up . fanny Charlie ! she jump up to embrace she brother . dicken Henry . how be you ? dicken shake the reverend Henry 's hand . reverend henry very well , grace be to God . dicken smile at he nephew on the floor . dicken master Henry . I hardly recognize you . how old be you now ? Henry struggle to he foot , with the help of a crutch . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 52 young henry nine , if you please sir . he cough , violently . dicken nine . be it possible ? tara enter , a little shyly . tara Excuse I , sir . the child 's tea be ready in the dining room . reverend henry come on , then young ‘un . the reverend put Young Henry on he shoulder , and follow tara and the other child out the door and down the stair . fanny watch they go . fanny there go my heart . dicken what do the doctor say ? fanny he say we have to wait and see . dicken fanny . wo not you let I help ? fanny we will manage . dicken at least until Henry get a new position ? fanny something will turn up . I be sure of it . dicken you sound like father . she smile . fanny how be the old reprobate ? dicken adopt they father 's tone of voice . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision 47 dicken '' this morning I have twenty - five shilling in my hand and now ... he hold out he hand . dicken ( cont 'd ) '' observe the vacancy . '' they laugh . fanny he mean no harm . dicken it 's not enough . he bob along like a cork on the surface of life , no think for the future -- fanny put she hand on he arm . fanny Charlie . let it go , can not you ? mr . dicken ( 0.s. ) abaft , you scurvy pirate ! January 8 , 2016 53 dicken and fanny crack open the door . Mr. dicken , have just arrive home , Young Henry at he side . the child be crowded around he , rummage in he pocket for gift as he shout , uproariously . mr dicken brail up you capstan - bar ! sheepshank you mizzen ! full speed ahead ! she smile . kate for all he fault , you will not find a kinder man . dicken sigh . dicken how long he be grow up to be one . int . dicken bedroom - night 47 dicken wake up with a start . scrooge be stand over he , with a candle . yellow revision January 8 , 2016 54 the man who invent Christmas dicken ( whisper ) why be you here ? scrooge you would better come and see who 's turn up . beside he , in bed , kate stir . kate Charles ? dicken put he finger to he lip . dicken just a touch of indigestion ... go back to sleep . dicken and scrooge creep out . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 48 55 int . study - night 48 dicken and scrooge stare at a ghostly figure ( look a good deal like tara ) , dress in white , wear a wreath on she head . she stand by the window where the muslin curtain float eerily around she in the wind . scrooge tell he who you be . ghost of christmas past I be the ghost of Christmas past . the ghost gesture towards the window . ghost of christmas past ( cont ’d ) follow . scrooge it 's awfully late and I be not quite dress . ghost of christmas past follow . scrooge draw back . scrooge not bloody likely . dicken why ? scrooge muck around in the past ? what 's the point ? dicken you might learn something . scrooge I already know everything I need to know . ( to the ghost ) take he , why do not you ? dicken I ? scrooge if you be so keen . the ghost turn she gaze to dicken . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 55a dicken it 's not about I . scrooge you be the author be not you ? dicken look at the ghost , fearful . he do not move . the ghost turn to look at the slightly ajar window , which now slam wide open . 49 ext . warren' blacking factory - night 49 Young Charles hold he father 's hand tightly , through the bar of a bailiff 's van , try to keep from cry . the rest of the family be huddle together behind he father in the van . mr . dicken do not cry , Charlie . we will be back for you before you know it . young charle but why can not I stay with you ? mr . dicken you be a big boy now , Charlie . you need to help out . you will see . ( more ) the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 50 56 mr . dicken ( cont 'd ) it will be a adventure . you ’1ll hardly think of we at all . behind he , the bailiff climb on board the van . bailiff time to go . Young Charles start to cry . mr . dicken now , sir , enough of that . stand up tall . blood of iron , heart of ice . the van start to move off . Young Charles let go of he father 's hand . mr . dicken ( cont 'd ) ( shouting back ) remember : you be the son of John dicken . a gentleman . you be sure and tell they that ! the van disappear around the corner . the boy turn and look with dread at the old , tumbledown building , beneath the sign warrens blacking : '' the pride of mankind '' . a door open spilling some light . young charle ( try to gather strength ) blood of iron , heart of ice . int . bedroom - morning ( present ) 50 dicken be in bed , toss in he sleep . kate come in , dress for the day . dicken awake with a start . kate good morning . she bustles about the room . dicken what ? oh. yes . kate you be toss and turn all night , you know . dicken bad dream . kate what about ? the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 51 57 he shake he head . dicken I do not know . shadows . nothing more . kate a little daylight will cure you . she throw open the curtain . int / ext . market - day 51 a theatre curtain be pull aside to reveal a puppet show , perform to a watch crowd in the cover market . all be bustle and colour . dicken wander amongst the stall overflow with brightly coloured goods , tin pan , second - hand clothes , basket of chestnut , pear and apple , pile of filbert . suddenly , a figure be there , tug on he sleeve . it 's scrooge . scrooge I trust we will have no more of that . dicken be take aback . dicken of --? scrooge the past . a lot of nonsense . onward . scrooge flinch as a couple of child run scream by they . dicken be you never a child , Mr. scrooge ? scrooge I do not recall . come on , we be waste time . we should be work . dicken I be work . scrooge here ? dicken I be gather inspiration . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 58 scrooge gather ... what ?? dicken gesture . dicken what do you see ? when you look around ? scrooge a market . dicken what else ? he point to various people in the market : a pieman with he arm laden with pie can , yell : pieman pies all ’ot ! eel , beef , or mutton pie ! penny pies , all 's to ! scrooge buyer and seller . dicken what else ? a cockney scam artist , do a patter . scam artist ...- Three thimble and one little pea - with a one , two , three , and a two , three , one , catch he who can , look on , keep you eye open and niver say die ! scrooge thiefe and ruffian . as they step out from the '' souk '' into the open air street market , he point to a young couple , lose in admiration of each other . a newsagent , call out : newsagent Times , ge nol 'an , Times ! highly interesting murder , ge n’1‘mn , a fiddler , play a tune and a butcher call out . butcher clear away ! clear away , lad ! the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 59 he toss the fiddler a coin , catch up he wife and start to dance . dicken laugh with pleasure , then look at scrooge , who shrug . dicken life , Mr. scrooge ! London ! the great theatre of the world ! it 's all here ! scrooge humbug . dicken you say that a lot . scrooge I be aman of fact and calculation . realities , not fancy ... not -- not -- what the devil be that ? -- dicken and scrooge stare at a strange sight : a papier mache bottle be toddle along the street . when the bottle reach dicken , a hand pop out of it , and thrust a flyer in he hand : a advertisement for Warren 's black . dicken be freeze for a moment , unnerve . he take off in the other direction . dicken must go . scrooge where to ? dicken ( over he shoulder ) back to work . 52 int . dicken house . dine room - night 52 the family be at the dinner table wait to eat . Mr. dicken entertain the child , make they giggle . mr . dicken papa ... potato ... poultry ... and prune ... be all very good word for the lip . at the other end of the table , Mrs. dicken reminisc for kate 's benefit . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 59 a mrs . dicken and oh , the party .... we use to keep such hour ! ball , dinner — champagne — Mr. dicken tie he napkin around he head , wink at the child . the child giggle . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 60 kate well , it look as if Charles will not be join we this evening . again . we may as well begin . Mr. dicken have already begin . mr . dicken first rate capon , Mrs. fisk . mrs . fisk thank you sir . i’1l let the cook know . mrs . dicken .-.- and the chair have turn leg with green chintz squab to match the curtain . at that moment , dicken appear in the doorway . dicken what story be that , mother ? Mrs. dicken redden . mrs . dicken I be only tell kate about the dining room set we use to have . rosewood . in the most approve taste . dicken you mean , the one we pawn ? a awkward silence . mrs. dicken Charles . you be a satirical monster . kate be bewilder . kate be that a joke , dear ? dicken not a very amusing one . Mrs. dicken examine she hand , mortify . a awkward silence . dicken turn a cold eye on he father . dicken ( cont 'd ) be that a new waistcoat father ? the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 53 61 mr . dicken eh? what ? oh , yes . Persian crimson . it be a little more expensive , but I have always say , people will believe anything if you be properly dress . beat . dicken kate . will you ask tara to bring up a tray with something on it ? kate I all bring it up . dicken no ! I need tara to do it . mr . dicken that 's the spirit my boy . procrastination be the thief of time , eh Charles . collar he ! dicken look at he , but decide not to say anything . mrs . fisk I all get she sir . tara ! Mr. dicken , unperturb , dig into he food . mr . dicken we must never disturb the poet when the divine frenzy be upon he . I myself have suffer the same delirium . often to the detriment of my health , as you know , my love . int . dicken study - night 53 dicken be talk to himself in the mirror , like a mad man . dicken know the place ! be I apprentice here ? why it 's old fezziwig ! behind he , in the room , the fezziwigs appear ( the genial butcher and he wife from the market ) . they start to dance . fezziwig clear away , lad ! clear away ! it 's Friday night ! there be a knock on the door . the fezziwigs freeze . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 54 55 56 62 dicken who be it ? tara ( 0.s. ) it 's tara , sir . with you dinner . dicken throw open the door . dicken tara . come in . come in . he take the tray from she . dicken ( cont 'd ) sit . I want to read you something . tara oh , I do not think Mrs. fisk — dicken skittleshin to Mrs. fisk. sit. please . she do . int . sitting room - night 54 kate sit alone and bored . another evening without the company of she husband . she look at the ceiling . the study above she . omit 55 int . study - night 56 dicken be read to tara from the manuscript . she smile lose in she imagination . dicken .-. in easy state upon this couch , there sit a jolly giant , who bore a glow torch and hold it up to shed its light on scrooge as he come peeping round the corner . tara the second ghost ! the light in the room slowly brighten , revealing the ghost of christmas present ( bear a strong resemblance to Forster in a beard ) , seat high up on a throne , amidst a cornucopia of apple and orange and pear , chestnut , mistletoe and holly . around he in a circle , various other character from the book , stare up in rapt attention . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 63 the ghost laugh as he see scrooge approach , shield he eye from the bright light . scrooge who be you ? the ghost laugh . ghost of christmas present I be the ghost of Christmas present . come closer man and know I better . scrooge fearfully climb the library step . scrooge Excuse I , but -- why all this - produce ? the ghost laugh again . ghost of christmas present this be the gift of abundance , of good will and generosity . scrooge eh ? ghost of christmas present of course you would not understand much about that , would you ? unlike this good people . the ghost of Christmas present point towards the hearth , where the cratchit family include bob ( look a good deal like Henry burnett sr. ) , and tiny tim ( a paler , more fragile version of Henry ) be seat round a table , stare joyfully at a very modest Christmas dinner of mashed potato , apple sauce , gravy , and a very small roast goose . cratchit my dear Mrs. cratchit . you have outdone yourself this year . Mrs. cratchit beam , and look around at she child . mrs . cratchit everyone pitch in . even Tim . Tim point to the mismatch cup and plate . tiny tim I set the table ! cratchit lift he glass . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 64 cratchit a merry Christmas to we all , my dear . and may God bless we . tiny tim God bless we every one ! tiny Tim 's little body be rack with cough . cratchit pick he up in he arm . scrooge stare at tiny Tim , move . scrooge I do not know cratchit have a crippled son . ghost of christmas present do not you ever think to ask ? scrooge he 's my clerk . I do not pay he to tell I about he personal life . ghost of christmas present you hardly pay he at all . scrooge Fifteen shilling a week . ghost of christmas present for a man with a family ? not too mention a sick child . scrooge that be the market rate . the ghost bristle . ghost of christmas present do you really believe that every inch of existence be a bargain across the counter ? scrooge I -- I - ghost of christmas present observe this family . they do not have much , and yet they be happy , grateful and content with the time . whereas you be miserable and content with nothing . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 65 scrooge I never hear such folly . a clock in the room strike the hour . ghost of christmas present heed well what I have say . farewell . scrooge no. wait - dicken ( 0.s. ) intermission . the character spontaneously applaud as scrooge and the ghost take a bow . mrs . fezziwig thrill performance . ghost of christmas present that 's very kind . mr . fezziwig where do you train ? a clock in the room strike the hour . the light start return to normal . the character disappear . dicken turn over the last page of the manuscript . dicken and that 's as far as I have get . tara stir herself , like one awak from a sleep . dicken ( cont 'd ) tara ? the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 she nod , 66 still half in a dream , then turn back . tara how do you do that , sir ? dicken what , tara ? tara make a world , come alive .... I could almost see and hear they people . she drift out the door . tara ( cont 'd ) especially that tiny Tim . the poor mite dicken pleased he write have affect someone so much , turn to see scrooge , jolting he out of he reverie . scrooge a word in you ear . dicken be wary . dicken about ? scrooge the scene . it 's very one - sided - dicken one-side ? scrooge my character do not get to explain he side of thing . I have take the liberty of write a speech - dicken no. scrooge -- something about the rational self - interest and the natural tendency of free market -- dicken no. no. and no . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 56 a 57 scrooge scowl . scrooge what kind of book be this , anyway ? dicken sweep out of the room . omit int . leech studio - day dicken and Forster study a sketch that leech have do . dicken no ! too gloomy . the ghost of Christmas present should be wonderful . warm . jolly . leech jolly . dicken yes . leech a jolly ghost . dicken that 's it . 67 56 a 57 leech go to a cabinet and count out fifty pound in cash . dicken ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? leech I be return you money . forster — my dear Mr. leech — leech find another artist . dicken we do not want another artist . leech a jolly Christmas ghost ? what do that mean ? I can not draw what I do not understand ! the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 68 dicken well , he 's — he 's everything that 's best about Christmas . he 's the soul of kindness and generosity , he 's - he glance at Forster . dicken ( cont 'd ) Forster . forster eh? CUT to : 58 int . leech 's studio - later 58 Forster , dress in a sheet , open to he navel , and hold a lamp aloft , pose uncomfortably while dicken apply makeup to he cheek . leech wait to sketch he . 59 ext . london / hatchard 's - night 59 dicken be stop outside of hatchard 's . in the store window a sign advertise '' a New Christmas Book by Mr. dicken . order now and avoid disappointment . '' dicken peer through the window lose in think . suddenly , a posse of character from the book appear behind he , scrooge amongst they , stare in at the window . scrooge ( to cratchit ) in store by Christmas ? that will be a miracle . the posse snigger . dicken go away . scrooge Three flop in a row . up to you eyeball in debt . I have think you have be glad of some advice . the posse nod in agreement . dicken all right . I have have a few flop , what of it ? I be still young . it 's not as if I -- the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 60 69 suddenly the surround area fall into darkness as the gas lamp dim one by one . scrooge turn pale as shadow take over the street . dicken turn to see the posse and scrooge stare at a dark statue across the road . slowly the statue come to life , its robe float eerily in the wind , give form to a terrifying phantom , its face obscure by a hood . ( the ghost of christmas yet -to-come ) . dicken and scrooge exchange fearful look . dicken ( cont 'd ) be we in the presence of the ghost of Christmas yet to come ? the Spirit nod . scrooge ( to dicken ) why do not he speak ? dicken shhh. ( to ghost ) you be here to show we the shadow of the thing that have not happen but will happen , be that so ? the Spirit slowly raise a shroud arm and point down the street , the giant shadow of its finger come to a stop at a small door . scrooge ( whisper to dicken ) where do it want we to go ? dicken I think I know . with that he head towards the door , scrooge and the posse follow . scrooge I have a bad feel about this . dicken ( 0.s. ) they enter poor Bob cratchit 's house and find the mother and the child seat round the fire . int . study / cratchit house - later in night 60 Mrs. cratchit and the child , dress in black , huddle together by the fire . tiny Tim be not among they . we see he lonely crutch lean against the fireplace . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 70 dicken ( v.o. ) then Bob come in the door . mrs . cratchit you go today , then Robert ? to the cemetery ? cratchit struggle to be cheerful as he enter the room . cratchit yes , my dear . I wish you could have go to see how green a place it be . but you will see it often . I promise he that I would walk there on a Sunday . he smile through he tear . cratchit ( cont 'd ) my little child . my little , little child ! his voice crack and he cover he eye . tara oh no ! the character freeze . scrooge shoot a look over he shoulder , to reveal the scene be taking place in dicken study scrooge rude ! tara have be listen to the story , she eye wide with emotion . tara be tiny Tim dead ? scrooge of course he be . imbecile . dicken ( gently ) he be very ill . scrooge you can not save every child in London . dicken and the family have no money for a doctor . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 71 tara be become upset . tara then scrooge must save he . scrooge be take aback . scrooge I ? dicken look from one to the other . dicken but he would not - tara why ? dicken he 's too selfish . tara he can change . there 's good in he somewhere , I know it . scrooge roll he eye . scrooge people do not change . dicken he 's be this way for a long time . I be not sure he can change . tara of course he can . he 's not a monster . dicken I do not - he be not - scrooge think this be a ghost story . not a fairy tale . tara he would not let tiny Tim die , Mr. dicken . he have a heart , do not he ? it would be too wick . even for he . dicken stare at they a moment , now plague with doubt . flashback the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 60 a 72 int . warren' blacking - continuous 60 a Inside the noisy , squalid factory , Young Charles be lead by a Foreman to a score of pale - face , miserable - look child , all of they busy pasting label on bottle or pack they in cask . foreman boy . this here be Charlie dicken . and what be it you be just tell I , lad ? about you dad ? Young Charles draw himself up proudly . young charle my father be a gentleman . the boy jeer . Young Charles flush with embarrassment . one of the boy , poll , call out . poll where be he , then ? dining with the queen ? another boy call out . boy I ‘eard he 's in the stone jug . foreman hush , you lot . where 's you manners ? the Foreman address he with elaborate politeness . foreman ( cont 'd ) master dicken . perhaps you would be so good as to join we at work ? if you have nothing better to do ? the Foreman thrust he down hard onto the work bench . Young Charles look around , miserable , at he surroundings . foreman ( cont 'd ) no shirking here . a rat scuttle nearby , to reveal a sheer drop to the giant black vat below . poll sit down beside he and hiss at he . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 72a poll you be no better than I , cocker . you would best learn that . back to the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 73 61 int . dicken study - night 61 dicken sit at he desk . he look at the clock . it 's the middle of the night . he once again go through he ritual of straighten everything on he desk . he tidy he manuscript , pick up he pen , dip it in ink , then stare at the paper . there be a racket in the hallway outside the door . mr . dicken ( 0.s. ) ' tis now the very witching time of night , mrs . dicken ( 0.s. ) shhh , dear . Mr. and Mrs. dicken be in the hallway outside the door . mr . dicken ( 0.s. ) when churchyard yawn and hell itself breathes out — scrooge appear . scrooge Shakespeare . now there 's a man who could write . I doubt he ever have a blockage . mr . dicken ( 0.s. ) now could I drink hot blood ! dicken grip he hair in frustration . scrooge ( egging dicken on ) self -preservation be the first law of nature . that 's just a fact . dicken throw open the door to find Mr. dicken , drunkenly negotiate the stair with the help of Mrs. dicken . mrs . dicken that 's right dear . just a few more step . mr . dicken '' oh , heart lose not thy nature ; let not ever the soul of nero -- Mr. dicken see Charles and attempt to regain he posture . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 73a mr . dicken ( cont 'd ) oh. good evening , Charles . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 Mrs. 74 dicken be a little afraid of she son . mrs . dicken we will get he straight into bed , Charles , dear . we be up the river to kew and I think perhaps it be too long a day . dicken kew ! what about you newspaper article ? mr . dicken article ? dicken the one you be write on the Bank Charter Act ? it 's be over a month . Mr. dicken shift , uncomfortably . mr . dicken oh , that . as it happen , the editor be not able to — that be to say — due to pecuniary involvement of a complicated nature — he find it necessary to — to cancel the commission . dicken so . no newspaper article . mr . dicken however , I rejoice to say that I have every hope of something turn up — dicken see scrooge hover behind he , scowling . beat . dicken I think it 's time you go back to Devon , Father . mr . dicken indeed . dicken as soon as possible . mr . dicken of course , dear boy . we shall catch the afternoon train tomorrow . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 75 he stumble and nearly fall , but be catch by tara . mr . dicken ( cont 'd ) ( with dignity ) thank you , my dear . here -- he fumble in he pocket for a coin . mr . dicken ( cont 'd ) let I give you something for you trouble . tara that 's all right , sir . mr . dicken you be very kind . they move away . mr . dicken ( cont 'd ) ( to tara ) no-one be useless in this world who lighten the burden of another . remember that , tara . tara I will , sir . Mrs. dicken give dicken a reproachful look . mrs . dicken do not be hard on he , Charlie . you do not know what he 's be through . dicken do not I ? mrs . dicken he feel it all , you know . he would never tell you , but he feel it all . mr . dicken ( 0.s. ) ride on ! ride on over all obstacle and win the race ! dicken turn back to he study . scrooge be smug . scrooge that 's it . blood of iron , heart of ice . now maybe we can finish this thing . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision 62 63 64 65 off dicken he face . lose . omit omit omit int . study - day January 8 , 2016 75 a CUT to : 62 63 64 65 dicken sit at he desk , stare straight ahead . in the room , the character ( include cratchit , Mr. and Mrs. fezziwig ) , lounge around , like actor on a break . some knitting or do the crossword . dicken pick up a pen , and the character look up hopefully . dicken all right , let 's run it again . from the scene with scrooge 's debtor . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 66 76 the character groan . scrooge , lie on the chaise , look over with disdain . scrooge what 's the point ? dicken the point ? scrooge we keep stop at the same place . dicken because I be work out the end . scrooge admit it . you be block . dicken I be not block . scrooge now if you have take my advice -- dicken I be the author here . scrooge ( mutter ) allegedly . beat . dicken I be go out . all the character get to they foot . dicken ( cont 'd ) alone ! the character fall back , silent . int . garrick club - day 66 dicken find Forster at a table , scribbling in a notebook . dicken Forster . I need you help . Forster grab he coat in alarm . forster what be it ? the child ? the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 77 dicken what ? no . the child be fine . Forster sit back down . dicken glance at the notebook Forster have be write in . dicken ( cont 'd ) candle/scandal ... flirt / hurt ... Charlotte / poor heart . my God , be it a poem ? it 's atrocious . what 's get into you ? Forster rush to snatch the paper away . forster you look terrible . be something wrong ? dicken it 's the book . I be have trouble with one of the character . he look out the window again where the entire cast of character from the book be stand , look up at he . dicken ( cont 'd ) several of they , actually . forster what exactly be the problem ? dicken pick away at Forster 's dinner . dicken cont ’d ) the problem be , could a man as mean - spirite , as evil as scrooge — could he become a different person overnight ? forster what be so evil about he ? dicken well , he 's a miser . forster that do not make he evil . it just make he cheap . dicken no , but he worship money . it 's the only thing that matter to he . forster why ? the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 dicken because ... he have nothing else . forster no friend ? no family ? dicken no - one he trust . forster why ? dicken I suppose he 's afraid — forster of ? dicken struggle to answer . thackeray thackeray dicken of - be find out . forster what ? thackeray ( 0.s. ) hullo , chap . appear at the table . forster thackeray . thackeray Charles ! have not see anything of yours in print for age . do not tell I you have a blockage ! dicken not in the least . I be neck and heel into a Christmas book ! be flummox . thackeray what the deuce be that ? dicken a story about Christmas . for Christmas . thackeray a story about — ? ha ha ! how amusing ... well . ( more ) 78 the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 67 79 thackeray ( cont 'd ) best of luck with it ! oh ! do you hear ? my last book have come out in a railway edition . sold ten thousand copy . in one week ! '' there 's gold in they thar hill '' as you american friend would say . he waft away . dicken and Forster exchange look . forster let 's go somewhere else and get a real drink . ext . the GREEN hog - night 67 Forster and dicken stumble out of a bar , laugh . Forster sing , in a thick North country accent — forster '' she 's a big lass , she 's a bonny lass , a she like she beer a I call she cushie butterfield a I wish she be here . '' dicken what language be that ? forster I be a geordie ! and we be god ! dicken gape around he in confusion . dicken where be we ? forster hungerford stair . phew . smell the river ? what 's that ? dicken recoil at the sight of the Warren 's black Factory loom out of the swirl fog . dicken ( bitterly ) a grave yard . forster it 's the old Warren 's Factory . I wonder they have not tear it down yet . dicken or burnt it . I might do it myself one night . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 80 forster why ? what have you get against boot black ? Forster look at a pale and sweaty dicken . forster ( cont 'd ) Charles ? what be it ? dicken look at Forster , a strange expression on he face . beat . dicken I -- I have this recur nightmare . forster oh , nightmare . I have one where I be be chase by a giant badger . what 's yours ? dicken never mind . forster right . time to go home . dicken I can not . forster why ? dicken be become emotional . dicken the book - I can not -- the character - will not do what I want . «+. I be afraid . forster of what ? dicken that if I do not finish it , I ’1ll never write again . forster go home , marra . get some sleep . dicken I do not want to . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 68 81 forster do not be daft . you wife will be worried sick . dicken my wife — do not understand I — Forster put he arm heavily on he friend 's shoulder . forster I have get news for you , marra . none of we understand you ! you be a freak of nature . I be exhaust spend two hour in you company . .». -- go on home , now . it 's cowld , the night . go home . i’1l see you in the morning . he leave . dicken stare at the building . he take a few drunken step towards it , then turn and flee . ext . dicken house - night 68 dicken go to let himself in the front door . he glance down and see someone root through the dust bin . dicken rush down to the vagrant who be go through he rubbish . dicken here , you , what be you up to ? the man turn around . mr . dicken hello , Charlie . his father . dicken Father ? what be you do here ? mr . dicken I - I have some business to attend to , so I think I have — dicken you just leave town ! what business could you possibly have — dicken notice the piece of paper in he hand and grab it . it 's a letter with he own signature on it , crumpled and discard . dicken ( cont 'd ) what be you go to do with that ? the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 his father look sheepish . dicken ( cont 'd ) you be go to sell it , be not you ? mr . dicken it 's no good to you , be it ? dicken this be what you have be do ? go through the rubbish like a tramp ? selling bit and piece of I . be that you business ? look at I . be not you ashamed ? Mr. dicken do not respond . dicken ( cont 'd ) I buy you a house and furnish it myself . I give you a allowance . what more could you possibly need ? mr . dicken oh , reason not the need ! his voice rise . mr . dicken ( cont 'd ) you see I here , you god , a poor old man — dicken no. stop. Mr. dicken can not look he son in the eye . mr . dicken you do not know what it 's like , Charlie . to be poor . to be nothing . dicken fury be incandescent — dicken not know ? not know ? at eleven year old I be make to know it — work twelve hour a day , go hungry , wander the street all alone and afraid — Mr. dicken attempt to respond , but be cut off by dicken . 82 the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 69 83 dicken ( cont 'd ) because you father — who be suppose to care for you - be so utterly thriftless - —- Mr. dicken weep . mr. dicken dear boy . do not — I beg you . dicken no . you be not the victim here . this be about I . and fanny . it 's about all of we . we have live we whole life in the shadow of you recklessness . dicken stare at he father , weep in the street . dicken ( cont 'd ) go away . I be sicken at the sight of you . you be nothing but a drag and chain upon my life . I owe you nothing . go. dicken go in the house and shut the door firmly behind he . then lean against it , breathe heavily . int . parlour - next day 69 Forster , be listen while dicken read the manuscript aloud . dicken '' , ... be this the shadow of the thing that will be , or be they shadow of the thing that May be only ? ' '' he look up . dicken ( cont 'd ) and that 's as far as I get . beat . forster it 's brilliant . dicken be you pull my leg ? forster no . I promise you . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 84 dicken well ... that 's ... encourage — forster my only criticism — Forster stop himself . dicken yes ? forster — tiny Tim — dicken stare at he . beat . dicken what about he ? forster be you really go to let he die ? dicken why ? what 's the problem ? forster well , it 's a Christmas book . should not it be hopeful ? be not that what Christmas be about ? the hope that , in the end , we better nature will prevail ? dicken you be the one who make I kill off Little nell . forster I stand by that decision . dicken my reader implore I — forster but this be different . if tiny Tim die , then what 's the point ? dicken this be not a fairy tale . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 70 beat . 85 forster as mean as scrooge be , he still have a heart . do not he deserve a second chance ? dicken thank you , Forster — forster you be welcome — dicken — for remind I why I never ask you opinion on my work . forster you ask I for my opinion all the time . dicken you service be no longer require . forster you can not sack I . dicken why ? forster because - I do not work for you . I do what I do as a friend . dicken good day , Mr. Forster . Forster get to he foot , heavily . forster right ... ( turn back ) see you Friday , will I ? int . study - night 70 the character have take over every inch of it . cratchit and the pieman , be drink tea by the window . Mr. and Mrs. fezziwig be play card . there 's a atmosphere of gloom . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 85 a a charwoman sit by the fire with she foot up on the hob . as dicken enter the room she glance over at he with mild interest . charwoman who 's that , then ? scrooge , doze on the sofa , open a eye . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 86 scrooge nobody . the author . charwoman no wonder he look so depressed . dicken pick up the manuscript and flip through it . dicken all right . that 's enough . let 's get back to work . scrooge ( to cratchit ) God bless we , everyone ... they titter together like child . dicken why be you so miserable ? scrooge what else can I be , when I live in such a world of fool as this . dicken mean-spirite , cynical - scrooge take a look in the mirror sometime . dicken me? scrooge '' be that a new candle , kate ? '' '' you service be no longer require . '' '' I be sicken at the sight of you . '' hypocrite . a knock at the door stop he from replying . dicken throw it open , furious . tara be there with a cup of cocoa . tara pardon I , sir . Mrs. dicken send I — dicken this be intolerable . dicken call down the hall . dicken ( cont 'd ) Mrs. fisk ? the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 Mrs. fisk appear . mrs . fisk yes , sir ? dicken take this child away from here and see that she do not disturb I ever again . do you hear I ? mrs . fisk yes , sir . come on , girl . tara be mortify . head down , she scurries down the back in the room , scrooge raise he arm above he triumph . scrooge yes ! banish she ! banish they all ! dicken be quiet -- scrooge humanity 's great benefactor ? humbug ! dicken shut it . or I 'il make you bald . with bad tooth . scrooge go ahead . it will not change a thing . you still will not have a end . 87 stair . head in scrooge cross he arm defiantly . he look at the other : they follow suit . dicken this be ridiculous . you be all be ridiculous . they continue to stare he down . in a sudden movement , dicken pick up the glass inkwell and throw it at the fireplace , where it shatter . the room instantly empty of character . dicken ( cont 'd ) come on then . coward . fight I . fight I . come out . if you be a man . come out and fight ! the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 71 72 73 88 int . bedroom - night 71 kate stare at the ceiling , as dicken rail away in the study . dicken ( 0.s . ) come out . if you be a man . come out and fight ! she be clearly disturb . int . dicken study - morning 72 dicken wake with a start and look around . the room be a disaster . paper everywhere . ink stain the wall . his glance fall on the penny dreadful that tara leave behind , with its lurid cover of varney the vampire . he stare at ita moment . dicken tara ! he go to the door and bellow down the stair . dicken ( cont 'd ) tara ! int . dicken house . dine room - morning 73 the child be at breakfast with kate . Mrs fisk be there too . the mood be sombre . dicken appear , he clothes awry , full of a edgy energy . dicken whatever be the matter ? charley tara . charley burst into tear . dicken what about she ? charley she 's go . dicken on whose authority ? the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 88a kate you ask Mrs. fisk to take she away . dicken ( to Mrs fisk ) then go and search for she . rehire she at once . mrs . fisk a irish orphan in London ? it would be like try to find a needle in a haystack . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 201 73a 74 75 76 dicken eye blaze . he turn on kate . dicken why do not you stop she ? kate how be I to know you do not mean it ? you say — dicken I say a lot of thing that be nonsense . it 's what happen when I be work . kate Charles . dicken you know , when you marry I , what I be like : how idea take possession of I . kate I do . but you do not know what it 's like to live with you , always walk on eggshell , try to guess you mood , to know which of you command be a whim and which be in earnest . sometimes I think you character matter more to you than you own flesh and blood . dicken I be who I be . kate and who be that ? it 's as if there be two of you , Charles . one that be good and kind , and a secret self , that no - one be allow to know or question . dicken stare at she a moment , then storm out of the room . int . study - day 73a dicken , head back into the study , distraught . he catch himself in the mirror . we hear sound of squealing rat , quietly as first , but as they build up ... omit 74 omit 75 omit 76 6 89 the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 omit omit omit omit omit omit 90 77 78 79 80 81 82 flashback : int . warren' blacking factory - day 83 Young Charles be sit at he bench , look frail . his clothes be tear and dirty . his eye be hollow . a rag cough shake he body . Young Charles chant to himself , to keep from cry . young charle blood of iron , heart of ice . blood of iron , heart of ice . ... poll ( 0.s. ) get a present for the young go ’lmun . see as it 's Christmas . Young Charles , open he eye to see one of the older boy , poll , approach , hand behind he back . in a sudden movement , he fling a dead rat at he . the other boy laugh . with a howl of rage , Young Charles launch himself at but poll easily push he away . poll ( cont 'd ) you be no better than I , cocker , and you know it . the other boy gather round to cheer as poll commence pummelling Young Charles . back poll . to : the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 83a 84 85 86 91 int study - day 83a dicken pick up the manuscript , then toss it into the wastebasket in disgust . then abruptly storm out of the room , off to confront he demon . omit 84 ext . warrens blacking factory 85 dicken stand outside decrepit Warren 's black Factory . slowly , fearfully , he pull a board off a door and peer inside . int . warren 's blacking factory - night 86 dicken walk through the dusty , abandon warehouse , remember . in he imagination , he hear the sound of squeaking rat . of boy laughing . in the basement , he find a low bench beneath the window on which be a few dusty pot of shoe -blacking . scrooge materialize behind he hold a lamp . scrooge ' ello , Charlie . dicken turn to see he . scrooge ( cont 'd ) so . this be you miserable secret . the famous author , the inimitable Charles dicken , be once a scabby little factory boy . dicken leave I be . scrooge a common bit of riffraff , live on scrap , a squalid wretch of no worth to anyone — dicken lunge at scrooge , grab at thin air , he fall to the ground , he face reflect across a break mirror lie on the floor . scrooge loom over dicken . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 92 scrooge ( cont 'd ) look ! what do you see there ? hmm ? a nothing . a nobody . a debtor 's son . who could ever care for you ? certainly not you father . he abandon you . dicken struggle to he foot , put distance between he and scrooge . dicken he do not -- he -- it be not he fault . a rotten railing block he path . dicken look down at a sheer drop into a huge empty black vat below . the railing give way , the squeal of a thousand rat disturb by the fall woodwork . scrooge he fail you . again and again . you say it yourself . nothing but a drag and chain upon you life . dicken turn to look at the fall below . dicken look at scrooge in horror . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 93 dicken who be you ? scrooge advance on he , hold he lamp high , force dicken to back up against the sheer drop . scrooge you know I , Charlie . I be hunger . I be cold . I be darkness .... I be the shadow on you thought , the crack in you heart , the stain on you soul ... and I will never leave you . dicken hold up he hand as if to block scrooge 's word . dicken go away . scrooge but we be have such fun . ( beat ) people do not change , Charlie . dicken they can . they do . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 94 scrooge lies . look around . you be still that scabby boy . no use to anyone . just like you father . dicken ( enraged ) no ... dicken take a sharp breath in . his eye blaze . dicken ( cont 'd ) '' no one be useless in this world who lighten the burden of another . '' scrooge eh? dicken ( emboldene ) my father teach I that . scrooge turn to see a empty grave , with a blank headstone in the middle of the warehouse floor . scrooge nervously edge towards it . scrooge ( confuse ) whose grave it that ? there 's no name on the headstone . dicken why should there be ? the man to whom this grave belong never make himself useful to anyone but himself . no friend . no family . never feel love , or joy , or take any kind of pleasure in life ... it 's time . Mr. scrooge . we have come to the end -- scrooge unnerve , turn back to dicken only to see a earth wall where dicken be stand . turn again and then again he realize he be surround by earth wall . look up he see the blank headstone . he realize he be now inside the empty grave . dicken appear above , frame by the black factory ceiling . suddenly the wall of the grave start close in on scrooge . scrooge please . - I - do not want to die like this , alone , unlove , forget . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 94a dicken too late . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 87 88 89 95 scrooge never too late ! oh , never too late . please . i’1l change . the grave wall keep close . scrooge ( cont 'd ) —- I will honour Christmas in my heart , and try to keep it all the year . I will live in the past , the present and the future . I will not shut out the lesson that they teach . he look directly at dicken , implore he . scrooge ( cont 'd ) give I another chance . I beg you . let I do some good before I die . the wall stop close , a beat , then they start open . scrooge be delighted , laugh , cry as the wall pull back . he smile , genuinely transformed . dicken smile back . dicken and so we come to the last chapter . somewhere , a church bell chime twelve o'clock . dicken look around , shocked to discover that the warehouse be empty and he be all alone . he let out a sharp breath . omit 87 int . dicken study - night 88 he enter take a deep , steadying breath , then go over to he desk and pull out a new sheet of paper . he write : '' stave five : the end of it . '' int . dicken study - early morning 89 early morning light filter in through the window as dicken bend over he write , he pen scratching away : dicken ( v.o . ) scrooge be better than he word . he do it all and infinitely more ; and to tiny Tim who do not die , he be a second father . and so , as tiny Tim observe , God bless we every one !... the end . dicken bundle up the manuscript and rush downstairs . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 ext / int . dicken house - morning 90 dicken rush to the front door , manuscript in hand . kate appear in the doorway . kate Charles ? there 's someone here to see you . dicken not now , kate . I have to get this to the printer before nine o'clock - omit 91 omit 92 omit 93 omit 94 int . parlour - day 95 tara be laugh and play with the child . dicken tara ? how do you -- tara it be Mr. dicken sir . he hear you be look for I . dicken look at kate . kate you father make it he business to know thing about people . tara hand he back he book , aladdin . tara thank you for the loan . dicken do you like it ? tara brighten . tara oh , yes , sir . it be fizzing . this delight dicken . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 97 dicken fizzing ! delightful . you must read Robinson crusoe next . tara look at he , in surprise . dicken ( cont 'd ) tara . I be sorry for send you away . it be a mistake . will you stay ? tara nod , move . dicken smile . dicken ( cont 'd ) and by the way , you be right about tiny Tim . he do not die . scrooge help he to get better . tara of course . and do not he help scrooge get better , too ? dicken he do . he do , indeed . dicken look at the mantelpiece , where a magic lantern be sit . dicken ( cont 'd ) where do that come from ? kate a gift . for the child . from you father . dicken he be here ? kate you can still catch he if -- dicken hesitates , then stuff the manuscript into he jacket as he rush towards the door , turn around abruptly , grab kate and kiss she . dicken kate -- kate I know , you do not deserve I . go. he rush out of the house . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 98 96 ext . train station - day 96 outside the station , dicken 's cab pull up . he jump out and dash past a enterprise vendor who be attempt to interest the passersby in he selection of '' Christmas tree '' . vendor ... the very latest , the same as what 's in the Queen 's own draw room ... 97 int . train station - day 97 dicken enter the station and see he father and mother on the platform about to get on the train . he leap over the barrier and run towards they . conductor ( 0.s. ) last call . all aboard . dicken stop ! a constable see he and blow he whistle . constable stop ! Mr. and Mrs. dicken , just get on the train , turn to see they son run along the platform . dicken what do you think you be do ? mrs . dicken please , dear . do not make a scene . we be go away . dicken oh , no you do not . constable hi! you ! Mr. dicken see the constable , rush to catch up to they . mr . dicken what have I do ? dicken done ? it 's what you have not do . Mrs. dicken flinch . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 99 mr . dicken I do not understand — dicken laugh , a touch maniacally . dicken who be go to carve the turkey ? ( to he mother ) who be go to make the Christmas pudding ? it will not be the same without you ? Mrs. dicken soften . mrs . dicken oh , the pudding . the secret be to warm the treacle first . Mr. dicken turn to he wife . mr. dicken there you see , my dear ? I tell you something would turn up . mrs . dicken ( through tear ) you do , you do . dicken laugh again , joyfully . he embrace they warmly . the constable have finally catch up with they . his eye widen in astonishment . constable you be that Charles dicken . dicken guilty . constable I be a huge fan . dicken thank you . constable that last one . chuzzlewit . wept like a baby , I do . dicken well , that 's very — what be you name , constable ? constable my name ? copperfield , sir. the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 97a 97b 97c 100 dicken whip out he notebook of name . dicken copperfield ? interesting . constable any chance of a new book soon ? dicken eh ? dicken suddenly pat he coat , remember the Christmas Carol manuscript stuff in he jacket . he pull it out and rush for a cab . ext train station - day 97a manuscript in hand , dicken run out of the train station , jump in a cab . dicken shoe Lane . and hurry . ext printer - day 97b dicken arrive at the printer , just as the clock be strike ten . Forster be wait for he on the street . forster Charles . where have you be ? I have be wait here for a hour . dicken it 's all right . I have the manuscript . he pull it out of he coat pocket . several page go fly in the wind . dicken ( cont 'd ) no ! Forster and dicken go chase after the page . a couple of passersby stop to help . int . printer - day 97c Forster and dicken run through the hall , past the noisy press room , past the bookbind room , to the compose room . a cranky , ink-stain compositor ( mr. grub ) be just set up when the two man arrive , out of breath , with the manuscript . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 100 a forster Mr. grub ! we be here . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 101 the compositor start and drop a line of type on the floor . dicken I have the end ! you can finish it now . mr grub it 's too late . forster come on . you have already print the other four chapter . it 's just one more . please . grub struggle with this . mr grub I can not guarantee anything . dicken thank you . thank you ! mr grub ( sourly ) I do not say I could do it . 97d int . garrick club - day 97d dicken wait nervously . he straighten at the sight of Forster , make he way through the crowded room . finally , he arrive at the table . dicken well ? for God 's sake man , do not prolong the agony . Forster pull out a package , wrap in gold paper and tie with a bright red ribbon and hand it to dicken . dicken open it carefully . Inside be the book . the cover be red , the title stamp in gold : a Christmas Carol , by Charles dicken . dicken handle it with awe , turn the page slowly . dicken ( cont 'd ) it 's exactly as I have imagine it . thackeray ( 0.s. ) hello , gent . extraordinary weather , be not it ? look like snow . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 98 102 dicken thackeray . thackeray hold up a galley copy of the Christmas Carol . thackeray what 's this I have ? why , it 's you new book . I be go to review it for this evening 's spectator . I be tell you write it in only six week , Charles ? what a prodigy you be ! thackeray throw himself into a nearby armchair , open the book with a flourish . dicken and Forster exchange look . int . dicken house / parlour - night 98 through the parlour window we see the first Christmas snowfall . the gleam new chandelier take pride of place next to a Christmas tree as a splendid party be underway . fanny , Henry sr. and junior be there , watch as Mr. dicken , dress as a conjuror , do some magic trick for tara and the child . Mrs. dicken chatter away to a uncomprehend signor mazzini . Mrs. fisk have be into the punch . mrs . fisk ( hum to herself .... ) kate appear . kate good heaven , what be that ? dicken the Germans call it a tannenbaum . now that the royal family have one , it 's go to be all the rage . grip , the raven , fly onto a branch and eye Mrs. fisk . grip halloa , old girl . halloa . Forster arrive , a blush Charlotte in tow . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 99 103 kate miss wigmore ! Charlotte hold up she hand to show off she engagement ring . charlotte papa have a change of heart . Forster brandish a newspaper . forster Charles , I think you 'il want to hear this . it 's by thackeray . dicken not now please , Forster ... forster ( ignore charle ) '' it be a bless inspiration that put such a book into the head of Charles dicken ... a happy inspiration of the heart , that warm every page . it be impossible to read without a glow bosom and burn cheek , between love and shame of we kind .... '' the group applaud . smiling , dicken hold up a glass of punch : dicken lady and gentleman , boy and girl . he smile at kate . dicken ( cont 'd ) ... and that on the way . a toast : I wish you all many merry christmase , friendship , great accumulation of cheerful recollection and heaven at last for all of we . at that moment , grip see a opportunity and fly up the staircase towards dicken 's study . we follow he ... int . dicken study - night 99 grip land on the desk , revealing a happy scrooge and the posse flick through the newly print book , giggle at the leech print of the fezziwigs . the man who invent Christmas yellow revision January 8 , 2016 100 104 dicken ( v.o. ) in the season of hope , we will shut out nothing from we fireside and everyone will be welcome . take off once again grip fly through the open window and out over the chimney top of London ... ext . hatchard 's bookstore - night 100 .+. grip land on the hatchard 's sign . dicken ( v.o. ) welcome what have be and what be , and what we hope may be , to this shelter underneath the holly . happy , happy Christmas to one and all . below , a line - up of people trail down the street and around the corner , wait to purchase they copy of the Carol . we move up and up to reveal the wide snow fill street of a beautiful bustling dickensian Christmas world . fade out . the end