the meddler by lorene scafaria April 1 , 2015 fade in : a ceiling fan spin slow and sad above we . int . apartment —- bedroom -- morning marnie minervini ( 60 ) stare at the ceiling , tuck in she side of the bed , a chasm of empty space beside she . she sigh , forget . then turn to the window . look out at the California sun . and immediately brighten . she prop herself up and out of bed . marnie ( v.o. ) anyway ... her chipper Brooklyn / Jersey accent ring out : int . west hollywood - apple store -- day marnie make she way through the store , happy and confuse . marnie ( v.o. ) today I go across the street to the Apple store and get one of the new iphone with the 64 gigabyte cause I be not sure if I should get the 16 or the 64 but the 64 look good so there you go . ext . the grove -- later marnie have breakfast with she iphone . marnie ( v.o. ) the genius bartender show I how to make thing bigger but I already forget . God , my eyesight be so shot . but I get on the safari before and I look up the palazzo and it say they film '' the Hills " here for two season . be not that neat ? -- marnie happily weave through the Grove 's morning crowd . marnie ( v.o. ) and they use to do the extra program at the Grove every day with mario Lopez . he seem nice . -- marnie stand shyly at the fountain , watch the child play nearby . marnie ( v.o. ) I swear I could stand there and watch that fountain for hour . today they play '' come fly with I " and I almost start cry think about daddy . but I do not cause basically , I feel great . -- marnie busy a wetzel pretzel . marnie ( v.o. ) it 's like live on Main Street in disneyland . every day be sunny and I wake up and I think , '' thank you , joey , for make it possible . '' -- the trolley man ring the bell , marnie scuttle out of the way , package from crate & barrel in she arm . marnie ( v.o. ) I swear , if I get hit by that trolley , I will die happy . int . palazzo apartment -- various 4 marnie put pillow , still tag , on she small couch . marnie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and just wait ' till you see my apartment . -- marnie have a cup of decaf at the kitchen table . marnie ( v.o. ) I have a balcony that 's far enough from other people ' balcony so nobody could jump down from the roof or whatever ... -- marnie look off she small balcony , eyeing , suspicious . marnie ( v.o. ) and I have a parking spot right next to the elevator so I can just run right in there . -- Underground , marnie sprint from she Toyota toward the elevator , bag in hand . marnie ( v.o. ) and I get everything ship out from Jersey . all my artwork ... -- marnie hang up a local - artist painting of Kermit the frog play guitar in the wood . marnie ( v.o. ) the doll I have make of you ... -- marnie set out a handmade doll replicate to look like she daughter as a little kid , next to a match photo . marnie ( v.o. ) and of course the picture of I and daddy on we honeymoon . -- she slide a photo in she mirror . a younger marnie and she handsome italian husband when he be alive . marnie ( v.o. ) God , I can not believe I smoke back then . I hope you be not still smoking . it 's really bad for you . int . marnie 's toyota -- morning 5 marnie awkwardly drive up Laurel Canyon , hold she iphone on speaker . marnie anyway ... call I back . Love you . she hang up . then turn up she beyonce CD , hum along . CUT to : int . lori 's house -- same time 6 lori ( 30 ) lie face down in bed , a cell phone buzzing in she outstretch hand . she look at it . close on : ma voicemail ( 5 ) lori close she eye again . almost immediately , the doorbell ring . she sit up . int . lori 's house -- moment later 7 lori open the door to see marnie hold up a brown bag . marnie I bring bagel . lori you should have call . marnie I do . lori but I do not answer . marnie well , I be sure you be busy . marnie hug lori , then give she the bag . lori follow she inside the small , neglect house . lori say hi to you grand -dog . two mutt jump and sniff at marnie . she pet they with the back of she hand , clearly uncomfortable . marnie hi , doggy . hello . marnie shut the front door , leave the dog outside . lori ( look in bag ) six bagel . all salt . marnie they be the best kind . ( see something ) oh lor , you let daddy 's bonsai die ? marnie go to the bonsai , try to spruce it back to life . lori yeah ... sorry , Mom ... I try . they be like crazy delicate . it be ... crazy . marnie tsk sadly , then whisper to Heaven : marnie sorry , joey . lori see , this be why I ask you not to put I in charge . ( more ) lori ( cont 'd ) you can not just give someone a man 's bonsai and orchid and put all this pressure on they . marnie you let the orchid die too ? lori yes '' I let it die '' . I water it every day . marnie oh , lor , you be not suppose to water it every day . lori well , I water it the right amount , okay ? plant die . it ’sa part of plant life . please do not make I feel any more bad about it . marnie alright , forget it . lori put a bagel in the toaster . marnie look through a pile of lori 's mail and see a invitation . marnie ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? lori Emily 's baby shower . marnie do you get to bring somebody ? lori why ? I probably will not go . marnie why not ? lori Cause I ’1ll have to get all dress up ... and it 's gonna be like everyone I know there ... lori disappear into a cabinet . marnie I think you stop smoking . lori ( hold in smoke ) cigarettes . ( exhaling ) you say this be better . marnie I say it be okay after you father die when you stomach hurt . lori well , it 's after my father die . and my stomach hurt . lori disappear into the cabinet again . marnie well , have you hear from Jacob ? you should not call he . what 's go on with work ? do they call you about the pilot ? you should not be smoking if you have a deadline . lori mom. please . do not say deadline . do not say pilot . and do not , please , ever again , say the word Jacob , okay ? marnie alright . ( then ) I just do not think you should call he . especially when you have a deadline on you pilot . Jacob , I mean . lori bite she cheek . lori we should find you a hobby . ( then ) I think you be gonna volunteer at the hospital . marnie yeah , I keep meaning to do that . ( then ) or maybe you could be my hobby . lori look up , eye wide . a bagel pop out of the toaster . mother and daughter both jump . 10 int . grove - movie theater lobby -- day 8 marnie step up to the ticket counter . marnie Three for '' fight School '' . int . movie theater -- later 9 marnie sit alone , eat popcorn in the back row of a liam neeson movie . she enjoy the explosive action . int . apple store -- later 10 marnie be be help by freddy ( 20 , genius T-shirt ) . freddy and you just put you finger on the screen like this ... marnie oh , look at that , you magnify it . ( squinting ) so if I want to look up a address for a baby shower ? freddy well , you have go on safari and ... marnie oh you just Google it ? freddy yeah you just type it in . and if you need to find it again , it 's in you search history . there . marnie oh my god freddy , you really be a genius . freddy ( humble ) it 's just a label . marnie you mother must be so proud . freddy I guess so . 11 marnie well , I would be . my daughter 's a genius , but she 's too old for you . how old be you ? freddy I turn twenty - three in October . marnie get outta here . happy birthday . what do that make you ? a Libra ? what do that mean ? it 's the scale , right ? justice ? you be probably very diplomatic . you should be a lawyer . freddy maybe . marnie you should . marnie smile . freddy nod , not sure how to respond . ext . huge backyard -- day 11 marnie , wear black as usual , try to mingle with various 30 - something women at a fancy baby shower . -- marnie stand on the outskirt of one group . marnie you should get the kind I have . transition . they go from regular glass to sunglass when you walk outside . you can find ‘em anywhere ... lenscrafter .... ( pull out she iphone ) you want I to make you a appointment ? -- marnie interrupt a engaged woi -- marnie ( cont 'd ) you be gonna want to clean that with windex . -- to a infertile woman -- marnie ( cont 'd ) what you should do be have he tip you upside - down . that 's what Joe and I do when we conceive lori . 12 ext . huge backyard -- later 12 emily and this one 's from Mrs. minervini . marnie sit among the much - young group , feel under - dress , awkwardly squeeze next to a tree . they watch emily ( 30 , pregnant ) unwrap a white box . emily ( cont 'd ) oh my god ... a iPad . the woman '' ooh '' and '' ah '' at it , a bit confuse . emily ( cont 'd ) wow , marnie , that 's crazy generous . marnie well , I know it be not on you list but I go to the Apple store the other day and I see this little filipino boy , practically a baby , play on one of this , what do you call it 's ... emily ... ipad ... marnie ... ipad ... and then freddy tell I they have all this program you can download , like barney 's Circus and nemo - - emily thanks , marnie . that 's sooo0o nice . lori have the best mom ever . Emily move on to other gift . marnie go back to eat a scone . the brunette ( 30 ) sit next to she , lean in . brunette where be lori ? marnie oh , I think she 's work today . she 's get that deadline . I mean ... countdown . brunette she say she have baby -sit tehya tonight . dani and I have not get out in a year . 13 10 . marnie oh , well I could -- a blonde woman ( 30 ) lean in . blonde woman I think she be out of town . a curly-haired woman ( 30 ) lean in , hold a tiny dog . curly-haired woman she tell I she be sick . marnie oh . well , she be sick .... blonde woman I would be sick too . with everything Jacob put she through . curly -haired woman she 's so pretty . why can not she just get over he ? brunette woman she 's never gonna get over he if she keep give he what he want . they all nod in agreement . marnie look at they . marnie what do he want ? emily ( 0.s. ) omg shut it . everyone turn back to Emily hold up a tiny onesie . emily ( cont 'd ) do this come in my size ? I be kid . I know it do not . the woman ooh and ah at it , except marnie . marnie what do he want ? ext . huge backyard -- later 13 marnie be stand by the buffet table , a pastry in one hand , she iphone in the other . she text lori : where be u? emily ( 0.s. ) marnie ? 11 . marnie turn to see the mom- to - be with a older man ( 60 ) . emily ( cont 'd ) marnie , this be greg 's dad . he come out to help we with the nursery . older man Mark , hi . marnie oh. marnie . she gesture with she hand full . emily he 's in town till Thursday . Emily walk away . it take awhile for marnie to finish she bite . finally : marnie so you be out visit you son ? MARK yeah . Emily say it be important that I come but ... I think I be just here to carry gift . ( laugh , then ) his mother be not around . marnie oh , my husband die a year ago . MARK oh. well , she life in London , but , we be divorced .... marnie take a sip of she drink . MARK ( cont 'd ) Emily say that you grow up in Brooklyn . which , um , which part ? marnie near sunset Park . MARK I live on the corner of 48th and 7th right by the church . 12 . marnie get outta here . I be on 43rd and 4th right by the other church . MARK we use to go to the public pool before it become a parking lot . marnie get outta here . I go there every summer we be not with my aunt at greenwood Lake . MARK I bet we run in similar circle . marnie be not that funny ? she laugh . MARK well , maybe before I leave town , we can have lunch with the girl . marnie stop , freeze , unable to breathe . MARK ( cont 'd ) or there 's this holocaust museum I have be meaning to check out . have you be to the holocaust museum ? marnie finally exhales , flustered , and start pile food on she plate . marnie oh , yeah , no , I can not , I have get so much to do , settling into my apartment , get all my papers in order , plus I be just about to start volunteering at the hospital ... and maybe get into baby -sitting , so ... she back away from he . marnie ( cont 'd ) ( too loud ) I have never be so busy . she put down the full plate and scuttle away . pre - lap : beep 14 15 16 17 18 13 . int . marnie 's toyota -- day 14 marnie drive while leave lori a voicemail , on speaker . marnie anyway ... I just want to tell you that I be on my way to the hospital to volunteer . so give I a call soon or else I ’1ll already be in there and it will be too hard to reach I , okay ? oh and I have be listen to the best beyonce song ! she turn up the volume , the same beyonce song we have already hear in progress . marnie hold up the phone for a verse . then lower it : marnie ( cont 'd ) anyway , I be almost at the hospital so give I a call . soon. otherwise i’1ll already be in there . okay . Love you . marnie hang up , then turn up the song . when it come to a end , she start it over again . it continue : omitted 15 omitted 16 int . hospital waiting area -- later 17 through the double door , marnie be freeze , hesitate to come inside . someone be wheeled outside , open the door automatically . marnie finally walk through . int . hospital waiting area -- later 18 marnie sit among the sick and injure , fill out a volunteer form . she write in she name and address . she put down lori as she emergency contact . she stop at marital status , unsure what to write . a homeless woman ( 40s ) cough loudly across from she . marnie look up and give a polite smile . homeless woman the demon be chase I . with they dick . 19 14 . marnie oh . well , that must be scary . homeless woman it be . can you buy I a sprite ? marnie sure . marnie put down she volunteer form . and make she way toward the vending machine . she weave in between patient and they ailment . someone cough . someone cry . marnie put a dollar in the machine , push the button , now hearing the television play the news above she . female newscaster ( on tv ) ... within ten mile of where the skeletal remain be find . Police suspect this could be the work of a serial killer that 's be target young woman in the area since 2005 ... homeless woman ( 0.s. ) can I get my sprite ? marnie jump , startle , as the homeless woman take the soda and disappear . marnie look around at all the people in need and start back away from they all , panicked . marnie Excuse I , sorry .... she quickly burst out of the hospital door . int . lori 's house -- morning 19 marnie unlock the door with a key , hold a brown bag . marnie lori ? there 's no answer . marnie greet the dog , then round the corner , into the bedroom -- marnie ( cont 'd ) do not you get the mail anymore ? lori scream from inside the shower . then poke around the shower curtain . 15 . lori Jesus , Mom , I be shave . you need to ring the fuck doorbell . marnie but I have the key . lori well , what if I have company ? marnie who ? Jacob ? lori no . who tell you that ? marnie look at the tv . a teen soap play , mute . on tv : handsome actor ( 30 ) charm a pretty actress ( 20 ) . marnie you friend at the baby shower . lori disappear behind the curtain again . lori ( 0.s. ) please do not talk to my friend , okay ? they be not my friend . and you be not suppose to plus one when there be not a one to plus . marnie well , you never tell I if you be go or not . do you get my message about the serial killer ? he 's be all over Southern California , target young woman . lori ( 0.s. ) well , we should be fine then . marnie maybe we should have a system in place , like if you let I know every time you be leave the house and then text I when you get home . lori ( 0.s. ) that 's crazy . marnie just until the guy be catch . and if you ever run into he , remember '' eye , Throat , crotch . '' 16 . lori ( 0.s. ) Mom , maybe you should not just drop by here all the time . marnie but I barely see you . marnie look at lori 's computer and do a quick scan of lori 's search history . in reverse order : Jacob mailer girlfriend 2015 > Jacob mailer girlfriend > Jacob mailer > weird color stool > green stool > least painful suicide > how much valium do it take to kill yourself > adoption agency LA > adoption lori ( 0.s. ) I just have a ton of work to do . and it require a lot of research . lori shut off the faucet . marnie quickly move away from the computer and sit on the bed as lori wrap herself ina robe and step out . they look at each other . lori ( cont 'd ) I be just say , I be in no shape to be entertaining right now . I do not have any good storey . marnie be there anything you want to talk about ? lori rush into the live room . marnie follow . lori do not you hear what I just say ? what I need to do be write , okay ? this be my office . this be my desk . ( gesture to couch ) this be my coworker . ( gesture to dog ) if I be in a real office , you would not just come in and sit on my desk and pet my coworker , would you ? marnie try to answer correctly . marnie no ? lori take a breath . 17 . lori I have be talk to my therapist about it and I think we need to establish ... certain ... boundary . marnie try to hide how much this hurt . marnie sure . I get it . you need to work . in 1l get out of you office . marnie start out . lori feel guilty immediately . lori you do not have to leave right now . marnie no , it 's fine . would not want to cross people 's boundary . 20 int . therapist 's office -- later 20 marnie sit across from diane ( 40s ) perch in a papasan chair . next to she , a desk and a rabbit in a cage . marnie and I just think she 's never gonna get over he if she keep give he what he want . you know ? and I think she have feel better if she at least , you know , try to get over he , but she just seem so angry all the time ... I mean , you have be see she for awhile , do she always seem so angry ? ( no response ) I just do not want she to hurt herself or anything , I mean , have she talk to you about that ? I be not say I want to know anything , I just hope that if she 's talk to you , she 's talk to you about the right stuff and that , you know , you tell she not to hurt herself or anything . and that she should quit smoking grass . I mean , I know she 's in some stage of grief or something .... diane and what about you ? 21 18 . marnie what about I ? diane how do you feel ? marnie well , I feel like she should find other way to make herself feel better besides marijuana . diane I mean , how do you feel since you husband die ? marnie oh . well , of course I get sad . but I do not think I be as stress as lori be cause I do not have to worry about a career or money . I mean , joey leave I set for life , so really I can do anything . like when I go to a action movie , I always buy three ticket . one for I , one for Joe and one for my mother , and I do not have to worry about it . I mean , I spend a lot of time by myself and sometimes I do not really know what to do with the hour in the day so I call lori , but it 's not like she really want my advice or like I have anything important to say ... ( adrift , then ) but basically I feel fine . I love my apartment . and of course you can not beat this weather . I mean , who do not love the Grove ? it 's like live on Main Street in disneyland . marnie smile . Diane reach for she notepad . int . / ext . palazzo apartment -- various 21 -- marnie unlock the front door and lock it behind she . -- marnie spruce the dead bonsai out on the balcony , try to bring it back to life . -- marnie do a sudoku puzzle on she phone . -- marnie leave another message after the beep . 19 . marnie anyway , let I know that you get in safe . oh and remind I to tell you what you therapist say . -- marnie make a single cup of decaf , while watch tv ; more about the serial killer call '' Red ripper '' . marnie tsk at the gruesome crime photo . -- marnie take forever to send lori a text '' cl I '' . the history of text be very one-side . -- marnie fall asleep in bed next to she iphone play sound of the ocean . the ceiling fan spin above marnie . fade to : black 22 int . bld restaurant -- night 22 marnie and lori sit across from each other , both dress in black , surround by Valentine 's Day decoration . marnie it 's so good to see you out of the house . and for such a nice occasion . lori reach for she drink . marnie reach for the bread . marnie ( cont 'd ) mmmmm ... pretzel bread remind I of my father . well ... pretzel . ( then , to Heaven ) and I get risotto for daddy . lori downs she drink . marnie munch . marnie ( cont 'd ) if daddy see I eat like this , you know what he have say ... ( bad italian accent ) '' marnie , you be kill yourself . '' lori ( try to be funny ) well , you get the last laugh . marnie smile , but do not laugh . lori clear she throat . lori ( cont 'd ) so ... listen , I have to go to New York for a few week . to shoot the pilot . 20 . marnie New York ? why ? lori well , cause the show be set there , so it 's actually a good thing . but I want to tell you that I be not gonna be reachable , like , at all , for a few week . like someone else will be hold my phone for I . but I be think at the end of it , maybe you could come visit the set and we can finally think about get a headstone for dad . or at least maybe figure out what to do with he ash .... marnie sure , we can talk about all that before you go . there 's no rush . lori well , I leave tomorrow . marnie tomorrow ? ( sink in ) that 's really soon . lori I know . but if you want to come over after dinner and help I pack and maybe even crash so you could take I to the airport in the morning , that have be fun .... marnie well , of course , but be you sure you do not want I to come with you ? I could be like you assistant . lori ( quick ) no . no , if anything I have need you here . watch the house and take care of you grand - dog . marnie sigh . lori ( cont 'd ) it 's my job , mom. 21 . marnie no , of course . you be right . that 's great news . lori it be . and it 's really good timing for I , you know ? I can get out of town and be busy and finally take my mind off thing . marnie suddenly gasp . marnie Jacob . lori exactly -- then lori follow marnie 's wide eye to see jacob ( 30 ) , the handsome actor we recognize from tv . he come toward they , hold hand with a very tall girl ( 20 ) . someone stop he / they for a picture . they finally reach the table . jacob hey , you two . lori hey . you two . jacob hey , marnie . marnie Jacob , good to see you . I never have anything bad to say about you . marnie look down , try not to say thing . jacob ( to lori ) you know elise . very tall girl hi. lori yeah . they stand there awkwardly for a second . jacob well , we do not want to interrupt you girl time . 23 22. lori oh no it 's fine . we be just do a drive - by before I head out later . I just do not want she to have to spend Valentine 's Day alone . marnie and I do not want she to be alone . lori I be not alone . marnie that 's right . we be here together . lori until later . and then I be with other people . marnie I think I be sleep over . very tall girl aw , that 's so cute . I wish my mom and I be that close . marnie oh , well , maybe when you get older . int . lori 's house -- night 23 lori charge in and slam the door behind she . the door then open and marnie walk inside , shutting it again . marnie what would make you happy ? lori flop onto the couch . lori if I could be stuff into a cannon and shot into space . marnie should we go get milkshake ? lori scream into a pillow . marnie ( cont 'd ) why do not we go to a waterpark this week ? 23. lori I be go to kill myself . marnie do not say that . lori I can not live here anymore , Mom . there 's no safe place . my tv be haunt . my job be make believe . and just when I want to hit the eject button , you move here . marnie what do that mean ? lori it mean , I try to book a session with my therapist to talk about my mother , and I could not . because my mother be there . marnie you say maybe I should talk to she after daddy die . so ? lori do not you understand that eighty percent of the time my phone ring , it 's you ? the phone ring , and I think it could be a guy or a friend or a job and it 's my mother . almost every single time . do you understand how terrible that make I feel ? marnie blink , stung . marnie well , I could call you less . like if I do not hear back from you , I could just text you . lori suddenly break down , sobbing . marnie go to she . lori I be never gonna get over he . marnie how can I help ? what can I do ? lori nothing . 24 25 24 . lori pull out she phone and start texting . marnie who be you texting ? do not act out . lori Mom , I need to have sex with someone else , and you can not be here for it . marnie okay , just not with Jacob . lori 's body explode , shove marnie out of she room . lori please , Mom , I can not do this anymore . I need to get a life of my own , okay ? and so do you . lori slam the door . marnie sigh . a sad beat , then lori talk from the other side of the door . lori ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I still need a ride to the airport . int . marnie 's toyota -- morning 24 marnie drive , lori be quiet in the passenger seat . they make they way up to the terminal . marnie do you have everything ? lori I have no idea . lori kiss marnie on the head , then drag out two suitcase , shutting the door behind she . marnie watch she daughter until she get safely inside . then she slowly pull away . we stay with marnie as she drive ahead . the silence be deafen . marnie quickly turn on beyonce , hum along . she reach for she phone . about to call lori . then .... she put the phone down . both hand on the wheel . determined . int . hospital -- day 25 marnie stand in the hospital hallway stare at a sign . '' volunteer Center '' to the leave . '' gift shop '' to the right . 26 27 28 29 25 . int . gift shop -- moment later 26 marnie stroll though the gift shop , scan the different stuff animal . she decide on a stuffed bunny . its goofy face make she smile . int . hospital -- later 27 marnie stroll the hall with the stuff bunny , try to walk tall . there 's a loud beeping . nurse rush through with a emergency . marnie start to look uneasy . up ahead , a man in a gown ( 60 ) drag he iv . he 's come toward she . as he get closer and closer to she , she turn away , push through a door -- int . hospital room -- continuous 28 marnie duck into the room and shut the door behind she , the noise of the hospital hallway be muffle . she look up to see a old woman ( 80s ) , lie in bed , mouth agape , no visitor . something next to she be beep . marnie take a few small step up to the hospital bed . marnie hi. hello . she lean over to see some wire twisted under the woman 's twisted arm . marnie reach down and fix the wire , move she arm into a more comfortable position . the beep stop . marnie ( cont 'd ) be anyone here with you ? the old woman slowly raise she arm . her finger extend , point . marnie lower she arm , place the stuff bunny in she hand . marnie ( cont 'd ) here . I x11 get someone . marnie slowly back away and out of the room . int . hospital hallway -- continuous 29 marnie quickly find a nurse ( 40s ) . 30 31 26 . marnie Excuse I , the woman in 142 , I do not know if she 's in pain . could you just ? the nurse walk off toward the woman 's room . marnie watch , feel proud of herself , a smile curling on she face , as she continue down the hall . pre -lap : a doorbell . ext . laurel canyon home -- day 30 the brunette from the baby shower , jillian , open the door to see marnie . brunette / jillian marnie ? what be you do here ? marnie you say you need a baby-sitter . marnie hold up a brown bag . marnie ( cont 'd ) I bring bagel . int . laurel canyon home -- later 31 jillian cut up a salt bagel for she daughter , tehya ( 4 year old ) . jillian I swear , I be like the only one of my friend without full - time help . and in this town , it literally cost more than my salary to hire a decent nanny . so I quit . and now I be home all day . all day , every day . be not that right , tehya ? tehya scream . marnie you could go into the nanny business . jillian look at marnie and crack up , laugh . jillian oh my god . that 's like the funniest thing ever say , ever . ( more ) 27 . jillian ( cont 'd ) no wonder lori 's so funny . well , not anymore , but .... marnie reach out to tehya , but she run off to the other side of the room to eat she bagel . jillian ( cont 'd ) it 's just nobody ever tell you how lonely it be . like some day , I do not think I talk to another grow person the entire day . like by the time dani get home , I can not even turn off the baby talk . marnie well , that 's normal . jillian really ? marnie but just think , someday you and tehya will be have like real conversation ... you could talk about everything . like I and lori . jillian yeah . you be right . I do not know why I worry so much like I be not do it right . like at any moment I be gonna do the thing that give she a body complex or a foot fetish .... I do not know . I lose my mom when I be young so ... I be kinda fly blind . jillian let out a laugh . marnie stop . marnie oh , yeah . lori say something about that , I be sorry . ( then ) well , anytime you need a baby - sitter , you can call on I . jillian smile . jillian lori 's lucky to have you so close . if she ever have kid . my dad could not even fly in for my fake wedding . I have to walk myself down the aisle . 28 . marnie aw . why be you wedding fake ? jillian because . it be at City Hall and we have just find out that the adoption have go through and I tell myself that I do not care about have a special day . I just want a quickie wedding and we would have a real wedding sometime after we get tehya home . but then I think it would be so selfish to spend any of the money I have spend on she on have a special day , so .... marnie look at tehya who be slamm a toy phone on the opposite side of the room . marnie what about Danny ? be he work ? jillian she . marnie try not to react . if anything , it 's a thrill . jillian ( cont 'd ) yeah , dani 's a chef at bouchon , but she 's like fifth in line and she work crazy hour . marnie she do .... the wheel be turn in marnie 's head . marnie ( cont 'd ) well , what if I give you the money ? jillian what ? marnie turn back to she . marnie well , I can gift a certain amount of money to a person per year without have to pay tax . I mean , I do not know if it 's enough to make the wedding of you dream but ... thirteen thousand dollar ? 29 . jillian marnie , that 's crazy . marnie what 's crazy ? I have it . you need it . can not have it sit there . jillian you should save it . spend it on yourself . I mean , would not lori be upset ? marnie why ? she 's not get marry . jillian I just ... I mean , why would you want to do that ? marnie Cause . it sound romantic . like renewing you vow . Joe and I talk about that . I mean , who do not love love ? jillian burst into tear and leap into marnie 's arm . jillian oh my God , this be so totally amazing . of course you be gonna be in on all the plan . marnie well , only as much as you have want ... what do you think you 'il want ? jillian oh I do not know , nothing extravagant .... dani be in the navy , so ... maybe it could be a nautical theme ? marnie yes . you could wear a sailor dress and she could wear she uniform . like Officer and a gentleman . ( she gasp ) you could do it on a submarine . close on marnie 's face . more excited than the '' bride - to - be . '' 32 30 . int . apple store -- day 32 freddy help marnie look up thing on a iPad . freddy I do not see any submarine for rent . but there be a bunch of boat at the yacht club in marina Del rey . marnie and you can rent ‘em out for a party ? freddy look like it . marnie magnify the screen , squinting at the boat image . marnie oh freddy , you really be a genius . freddy smile . marnie squint at the boat price . marnie ( cont 'd ) jeez , ten thousand dollar for just the venue ? marnie click a few button . marnie ( cont 'd ) God , I really should get one of this for my daughter . could you ring I up another iPad ? freddy sure . freddy smile at she generosity . then : freddy ( cont 'd ) so I decide to take you advice . she look up . marnie you be gonna be a lawyer ? freddy well , no , but ... I be gonna go back to school . well , night school . maybe engineering or programming , see how far I get . and work will pay for my class , so ... marnie oh , freddy . you take my advice . marnie look at he , smile , proud , marvel . freddy yeah . now I just have to figure out my work schedule . and the bus schedule . marnie you do not have a car ? freddy well , my mom use it for work . it 's okay , I like take the bus . you get to meet a lot of freaky people .... marnie do not like the sound of that . marnie I could take you . when be it ? freddy what do you mean ? marnie I be in the neighborhood . plus , you be always help I out here . it would be my way of pay you back . she hand he she credit card . he swipe it . 31 . then : she slide it back in she rubber - band stack of card . we see she husband 's driver 's license on top of the pile . marnie ( cont 'd ) we would not have to take the freeway , would we ? freddy we can avoid it . ( then ) but be you sure ? it 's pretty late . marnie it 's okay . she stare at the image of the boat . 33 34 35 36 32 . marnie ( cont 'd ) I do not sleep much . dissolve to : ext . marina del rey harbor -- day 33 the boat from the picture stare back at marnie . int . boat -- later 34 marnie snap picture with she iphone of every crevice of the boat 's inside , try to get just the right angle . she text jillian way too many picture . int . florist -- later 35 marnie browse the different flower , think of the centerpiece possibility . she take picture of various flower with she iphone . she pay for a assort bunch . ext . marina del rey STREET -- later 36 marnie walk with the bouquet of flower . a homeless man ( 40s ) be begging for change against a brick wall . marnie stop in front of he , digging in she pocket for loose change . she pull out a twenty and hand it to he . voice ( 0.s. ) cut ! a guy wearing a head -set ( 20 ) come up to marnie . guy in head -set be you suppose to be here ? marnie what ? guy in head - set here . he back she away from the homeless man . guy in head - set ( cont ’d ) on '' background '' you cross and talk to the woman in the blue hat . marnie look up at a woman in a blue hat ( 5as ) . the woman smile at she . 33 . guy in head - set ( cont ’d ) ( listen to he walkie ) lose the flower . he take the flower away from marnie and walk off . marnie look around to see a camera crew be filming on this part of the street . and she 's in the middle of it . guy in head - set ( cont ’d ) okay , we be go again . the '' homeless man '' pocket the twenty . marnie be freeze , unsure of what 's happen , then : guy in head -set ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) background ! marnie ooh ! she quickly cross to the woman in the blue hat . voice ( 0.s. ) action ! marnie ( to woman in blue hat ) hi , how be you ? woman in blue hat shhhhh ... marnie stop . the woman mouth word through a smile . marnie try to do the same , confuse . marnie ( v.o. ) anyway ... CUT to : later guy in head -set ( 0.s. ) background ! marnie cross again . this time with more confidence . marnie ( v.o . ) the craziest thing happen , you would not believe .... I wander onto a Hollywood movie set and end up be a part of the action . be not that wild ? CUT to : later 37 38 39 34 . marnie eat lunch with the other extras . she laugh and talk to the woman in the blue hat . marnie ( v.o. ) they say that movie star be not nice people , but they really be . ext . STREET -- day / evening 37 marnie say good - night to she fellow extras as she walk to the edge of the set . yellow sign mark to set point she back in its direction . as she reach the perimeter of orange cone , she see a cop in uniform ( late 5as , too tan ) lean against a motorcycle . he look up at marnie and give a devastating smile . cop half day ? he wink . she open she mouth but nothing come out . she quickly disappear around the corner and run to she car . marnie ( v.o. ) I do not think I will go back but I be glad I do it . int . marnie 's toyota -- night 38 marnie drive freddy to school . marnie ( v.o. ) then , three night a week , I take freddy to he class and we talk the whole way . ( then , to freddy ) he scalp he victim while they be still alive and then he eat they brain . freddy sick . ext . boat -- day 39 marnie ( v.o. ) and I have be have a great time do wedding plan with what 's she name . 40 4l 42 35 . marnie uncover jillian 's eye , show she the boat . jillian gasp , excitedly . she pull marnie in and they walk down the ramp together . int . fancy bakery -- day 40 marnie and jillian taste different cake . marnie ( v.o. ) she seem really excited and love all my idea ... marnie jillian definitely the chocolate . the coconut . marnie that 's true . a lot of people be allergic to chocolate . jillian smile at marnie . marnie smile back . int . hospital room -- day 41 marnie ( v.o. ) and I have be really get into volunteering at the hospital . marnie chat up a handsome doctor ( 30 ) as he check the old woman 's chart . marnie ( v.o. ) you should come down here with I sometime and meet the staff . ( to the doctor ) oh , you be not marry ? that 's funny . my daughter 's not marry . ext . lori 's house -- day 42 in the backyard , marnie feed lori 's dog , phone under she chin , pace . marnie ( into phone ) anyway , just want to let you know I have be keep busy with my own stuff and basically I feel great , so give I a call . I just want to hear that you be safe and sound and hopefully you be not think about Jacob too much ... 36 . beep . call waiting . marnie ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) oh , be that you ? marnie click over . marnie ( cont 'd ) hello ? italian man ( 0.s. ) marnie , be that you ? marnie stop . for a moment , the voice be too familiar . the italian accent be strong . italian man ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's tony . I be here with cos and dominic and we all want to say hi . here , talk to dom . another italian man ( 0.s. ) hey , marnie . how be you ? marnie hi , dom . how you feel ? another italian man ( 0.s. ) be you come back to Jersey for Joe 's anniversary ? marnie oh. yeah . uh ... I do not know if I can come on the actual day , but I have be meaning to visit , so as soon as I be settle , I will get ona flight and come see you guy . you feel good ? how 's Angie ? another italian man ( 0.s. ) she 's good . you want to talk to she ? ( call out ) Angie ! marnie oh , that 's okay , if she 's busy .... each italian accent be thicker than the last . italian woman ( 0.s. ) ( take phone ) marnie , where be you ? when be you come to visit ? 37 . marnie hi , ang. soon , yeah . I just ... can not right now . I actually have a lot on my plate . italian woman ( 0.s. ) have you think about what kind a headstone you want to get for Joe ? we be talk and tony think it should have a quote on it .... italian man ( 0.s. ) Sinatra . italian woman ( 0.s. ) well , of course , Sinatra , but should it be '' my Way '' .... italian man ( 0.s. ) of course it should be '' my Way '' .... another italian man ( 0.s. ) why would not it be '' my Way '' .... marnie 's head spin . marnie you know , I be actually so busy plan this wedding right now and ... dog-sitting ... and I have to drive a friend of mine somewhere , so .... oh shoot , ang , there 's a problem with something , I have to go fix it , can I call you back ? I ’1l1 call you back . marnie quickly hang up . she stand there in silence , watch she daughter 's dog finish they dinner . int . jillian 's house -- day 43 marnie sit with jillian , little tehya , and the blonde woman from the baby shower , elaine . marnie seem distract , lose in think , as they sift through online footage of various wedding band . jillian unless you want like to spend a million buck , band suck . they just suck . 38 . elaine my sister have this Police cover band for she wedding . it hada lady singer . Elaine show jillian the band photo on she phone . jillian she 's too pretty . marnie maybe a dj be more fun cause then you get to hear the real people sing the song . or what if you get a karaoke machine and then everybody just get up throughout the celebration to sing dedicated song to you ? elaine no ... you have to get a band . tehya wander up to marnie . marnie immediately shift she attention to play with tehya . jillian I do not know . the venue be already so expensive . maybe we should just pare this down . stop all this plan . we do not even have to meet up really .... we can do most of this over the phone -- marnie no . jillian turn to marnie . marnie ( cont 'd ) I mean ... what if we start off by have a string quartet play when you come down the aisle ? then we have a dj play record while everybody eat . we get a kick - ass band for the big dance party , spare no expense . and , it might be fun to have a four- piece play at the front of the boat the entire night . like in '' Titanic '' . jillian look at she , overwhelm . 44 45 46 39 . marnie ( cont 'd ) come on . this could be the only wedding I get to be a part of . I say we blow it out . marnie put she hand out . jillian beam . she put she hand on marnie 's hand . and they start laugh . Elaine put she hand in the mix too . and they all squeal and scream . marnie ( cont 'd ) and we know who the flower girl be ! they all tickle tehya . tehya laugh with glee . the sound of a four - piece take we to : ext . the grove -- night 44 marnie stride happily through the empty square toward the well - light harbor of the Apple store . int . apple store -- moment later 45 she walk up to the genius bar . the door in back burst open . freddy emerge , still buttone he shirt , flustered . marnie you okay ? he hurry out of the store . she quickly follow . int . marnie 's toyota -- later 46 marnie drive , freddy be quiet next to she . beyonce play . marnie you do not have to say anything if you do not want to . be it a problem with work ? freddy he just always do this to I . marnie you boss ? freddy no . my brother . he send I a email , say he want to see I . I be not even talk to he and he 's still tell I what to do . 47 48 40 . marnie why be not you talk to he ? freddy Cause he 's always get I in trouble , man . ever since we be kid . it 's like as soon as I get something good go , he try to wreck it . ( frustrated sound ) he bail I out one time and I have be pay for it ever since . she pull over outside of the school . marnie you know , freddy , sometimes I think it look like a person do not care as much , but really they be just not as strong as you . ( then ) I bet it would make you mother happy if you give he another chance . freddy exhales , really listen . freddy yeah , okay . he start out . freddy ( cont 'd ) thanks . he shut the door and walk off to class . marnie look pleased with she advice . she wait until he get safely inside , then pull away , smile . int . hospital gift shop -- day 47 close on : marnie stock up on stuff animal . int . hospital room -- later 48 marnie show the old woman a stuff bear . the old woman smile . marnie put the giraffe under one of the woman 's arm . marnie show she a stuff elephant . and a bird . with each toy , the old woman smile as much as she can . marnie laugh as she place they all around the old woman 's head and throughout the room . 49 50 omitted int . bridal shop -- day marnie be still smile , as she 's hand a glass of 41 . 49 50 champagne . jillian be in the dress room , while marnie sit with , Emily , Elaine , the curly - haire woman aka trish ( 30 ) , and two other bridesmaids . trish I just do not look good in strapless . emily I do not look good in anything . elaine a wrap dress look good on everyone . marnie so how many bridesmaid be there now ? elaine well , it 's I , Emily , trish , stacy , casey ... Katie M. , Katie P. , Molly ... gina , Amy , fern ... windy , and ... who be I forget ? lori . if she 's even in town . marnie she will be in town . elaine be you sure ? Cause the dress be color coordinate and we need a odd number . marnie she will be in town . I x11 make sure . trish do you really book blue traveler ? marnie the guy with the harmonica ? oh yeah , he 's fantastic . jillian ( 0.8 . ) okay , you guy .... 42 . jillian emerge in a couture wedding gown . the woman all go crazy . trish oh that be it ! elaine I could murder you . emily you have seriously never look skinnier . jillian well , do not fall in love with it , because I be not gonna get this exact dress . I be gonna copy it and buy cheaper fabric and have it make for half the cost . a store employee ( 20 ) hear this and roll she eye . marnie oh , jillian . marnie stand and come towards she . marnie ( cont 'd ) you really look beautiful . they look in the mirror together . marnie ( cont 'd ) do you love it ? jillian well , of course , but .... rip . marnie rip the price - tag off of the dress . the woman all gasp . then jillian jump up and down . a flurry of girl scream , then the woman all envelop marnie in a huge hug . jillian ( cont 'd ) my mom be my birth mother , but would you be my Earth mother ? the other woman surround they in a group hug . the store employee join in . elaine my mom 's not dead but will you be mine too ? 51 52 53 43. trish mine too ! marnie oh , you girl ! they jump together in a circle , squealing and scream . marnie ( v.o. ) anyway .... int . jillian 's house -- day 51 marnie and jillian huddle around a iPad on a crate & barrel 's bridal registry . marnie help jillian click on different item . marnie ( v.o. ) I just want to make sure that you be gonna be back in time for what 's she name 's wedding . I do not think you be gonna want to miss it . ext . grove -- day 52 marnie walk with crate & barrel bag full of everything on jillian 's list . marnie ( v.o. ) it 's gonna be the party of the century . so hopefully you do not have to do reshoot or whatever . int . marnie 's toyota -- later 53 the car be fill with crate & barrel shopping bag . marnie shout into she hand - free cell , on speaker . marnie anyway , I hope you be have a good time . marnie spot a yellow sign on a telephone pole : to set ! she immediately follow the sign 's arrow . marnie ( cont 'd ) I be kind of die to hear about everything . I miss you .... suddenly , a right arrow . to set ! marnie try to change lane , look over she shoulder -- 54 55 44 , marnie ( cont 'd ) but basically I feel fine , so give I a call or do not if you can not -- crunch ! marnie look up to see she have crash she Toyota into the back of the car in front of she . she reach for she cell . marnie ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) «.. okay , love you . she hang up . ext . therapist 's office -- day 54 marnie get drop off in a taxi cab . int . therapist 's office -- later 55 marnie sit across from lori 's therapist again , surround by the crate & barrel shopping bag . marnie and then I realize that freddy do not have anyone to help he with he study . so I find out what class he 's take and what book they be use at the school and I find they on amazon for half the price , so ... you know , I could help he with he study . diane and why do you think you be help he ? marnie freddy ? well ... he life in a poor neighborhood and he mother work full time and all he really want be a education . diane and what about jillian ? marnie well , she do not get to have a proper lesbian wedding and I have the money so I figure , well , I could do that . 45 . diane what 's jillian 's last name ? marnie stop , give it real think . marnie I think it start with ag . ora k . it 's definitely a consonant . diane a consonant ? marnie look at the rabbit in the cage on the desk . the rabbit look back . diane ( cont 'd ) marnie , do you think there 's some part of you that feel guilty that you have you husband 's money ? like you receive this consolation prize that you do not know what to do with ? or be there a part of you that think that maybe money be the way to save everybody ? or possibly even a way to stay in people 's life and be need ? and maybe you relationship with freddy and jillian be all a way of replace you own daughter and husband ? marnie look at she . 56 int . hospital room -- day 56 marnie fluff the many stuff animal around the old woman . marnie ( scoffing ) and I tell she , I say , I do not need to replace anybody . and why should I feel guilty for Joe 's money ? he come from nothing and work he whole life for it . he would have want I to put it to good use . like cinderella . bippity -boppity -boo . but she just keep say all this stuff and ask all the question . and I be like , you be a therapist , be not you suppose to listen ? marnie then fluff the pillow under the woman 's head . she look up at marnie , grateful . 57 58 59 60 61 46 . marnie ( cont 'd ) you know , this hospital be one of the best in the country . my husband die here , so you be in really good hand . the woman slowly raise she arm and point she finger at marnie . marnie look at it . marnie ( cont 'd ) ET phone home ? marnie smile and put she finger on the woman 's finger . the woman begin to make small half circle again , trace the sky . marnie 's finger move with it . the old woman 's eye be fixate on marnie , but she 's stir inside , trap in she body . marnie look back , also stir . omitted 57 int . parking garage -- day 58 marnie look at she empty parking space . then turn to the car park in front of it , under the tarp . she walk to it and rather unceremoniously pull off the tarp . she step back . and the ceremony take over . ext . los angele -- later 59 marnie drive the sunny street in Joe 's shiny , two - door , cherry - red Lexus convertible , palm tree reflect in the glass . int . joe 's car -- continuous 60 she push a button . and the top go down . she drive towards the sunset , wind in she hair , beyonce turn up . int . joe 's car -- night 61 Grove parking lot . marnie sit in the park car , look at picture of the bridesmay dress on she phone when a text come through from a 917 number . 47 . it read : hey marnie , I be in town again . want 2 get that lunch sometime ? xo Mark marnie look petrify , unsure how to respond when : freddy whoa , look at this . be this yours ? freddy toss he backpack in the car . marnie no . well , it be my husband 's . so , I guess so . just then , freddy 's twin , fredo ( 20 ) appear at he side , wear a hat , also carry a backpack . fredo get room for one more ? freddy marnie , this be my brother fredo . marnie 's eye explode with pleasant surprise . marnie oh , wow , it 's so nice to meet you . freddy I tell he we would give he a ride somewhere , be that okay ? fredo actually I have to stop one other place first ... marnie of course . any brother of freddy 's be a friend of mine . fredo shotgun ! 62 int . joe 's car -- later 62 marnie drive , freddy squeeze in back , fredo up front . freddy I read the book cover to cover , and you be right about that memorization technique .... ( then , testing it out ) the executive 's leg be juicy . 48 . marnie ooh , what 's that ? freddy executive , legislative , judicial . marnie very good . fredo do this top go down ? marnie sure . marnie push a button and the top go down . fredo yeah , this be the kind of car I need . but I would paint it black . matte black . marnie ooh , that 's a idea . fredo ( to freddy ) hey , remember when Tre steal that car and it turn out to be a hearse ? you piss you pants ! fredo laugh hard . freddy can not help but laugh a little . marnie smile at they both . fredo ( cont 'd ) this be the place . marnie pull the car over . it 's not a great neighborhood . fredo ( cont 'd ) I ’1ll be two minute . fredo take he backpack and make he way to a run-down house . marnie and freddy wait . freddy thanks for take he . marnie of course . it 's just nice to see the two of you together . they watch as a thug ( 20 ) open the door and let fredo in . 63 63a 49 . marnie ( cont 'd ) if you guy want , we can stop for ice cream on the way back . freddy laugh , know that 's unlikely . int . joe 's car -- later 63 marnie , freddy and fredo eat ice cream . she drive on . fredo .+. well , by then freddy lose like thirty pound and the doctor say if he do not get another kidney within three month , the toxin would spread through he entire body and he have definitely die . marnie oh my God . fredo I say , '' Mom , freddy 's the smart one in the family . I be not worth save , but he be . '' ( then , to freddy ) show she the scar . freddy roll he eye , then turn around and show the scar on he lower back . marnie marvel at fredo 's generosity . she turn back to fredo , show he scar . fredo ( cont 'd ) see , we be not so different . he point ahead . fredo ( cont 'd ) here we go . ext . CITY STREET / int . joe 's car -- continuous 63a marnie pull the car over and fredo zip up he bag and hop out . freddy climb in the front seat . fredo thanks , Mrs. M. marnie so nice to meet you , fredo . 64 50 . freddy shut the door . marnie watch fredo go . he wave . she wave back . he walk toward the seediest house ever . marnie ( cont 'd ) be not it crazy ? at one point , you be just this little kid who look exactly the same . and now look at you . she pull ahead . int . joe 's car -- later 64 marnie pull over in the parking lot of freddy 's school . marnie and what 's the difference between a veto and a pocket veto ? freddy a pocket veto be when the President do not sign a bill for ten day but Congress can not overrule it . marnie you be ready , freddy . ( laugh ) ha. ready , freddy . just then , freddy reach down and pick something up off the passenger seat floor , try to hide it . marnie ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? freddy reluctantly show she what he 's find . a plastic bag fill with weed . she look at it , disappointed . then : orange and blue light flash behind they . marnie ( cont 'd ) oh God . a flashlight shine on the two of they inside . marnie ( cont 'd ) cheese it ! she look at freddy . he 's panic . freddy what do we do ? what do we do ? I can not get in trouble . not now . 65 51 . a man be come towards she . marnie think fast . she take the weed by the handful and turn to Heaven . marnie sorry , joey . freddy watch as marnie throw the entire chunk of weed in she mouth and chew it . the man get closer and closer . marnie chew faster and faster . he 's at the window . she swallow . he knock . she lower the window . campus security be you alright , mar ’am ? marnie look up at campus security ( 20 ) . marnie shake she head yes . the guy walk away . she look back at freddy . her head start shaking no . no , no , no . int . joe' car -- later 65 still on campus , marnie drive as slow as humanly possible , freddy beside she . the drug move through she system . freddy I be so so sorry , marnie . I never should have let he in the car . I should not even be talk to he again . damn this stupid kidney ! marnie freddy ? I be very something right now but when I be not this we should talk about everything , okay ? freddy okay . she roll to a stop . freddy climb out of the car . freddy ( cont 'd ) but marnie ? marnie yeah , freddy ? freddy I be really sorry . marnie I know , freddy . I be gonna get off the road now , freddy . 66 67 68 69 52 . he shut the door . she look at he for a stone beat , then pull away , ever - so - slowly . ext . the grove -- later that night 66 -- marnie wander the Grove , stone out of she mind . the sight . the sound . everything be vivid , alive . -- the fountain be more mesmerize than ever . -- the trolley be a locomotive . -- outside the theater , she stare at a poster of Jacob in a upcoming indie . marnie 's mind explode , like she 's see the universe through she daughter 's eye . -- the store have close . marnie walk the full length of the Grove and keep go , crossing into : ext . farmer 's market -- later 67 she wander through the cluster of close restaurant . ext . dupar 's -- later 68 she make she way to the brightly - light diner . int . dupar 's -- later 69 she stare at the gigantic cake and pie spin in a glass case . her eye be glaze over . she look up at a waitress . marnie howm ... uch ? waitress they be all twelve dollar . marnie I can have they all for twelve dollar ? cop ( 0.s . ) hey , I know you . marnie turn to see the motorcycle cop from set . out of uniform . he 's even better- look up close . marnie 's glaze eye widen , start to panic . 53 . marnie uh ... no , you do not . cop you be a actress , right ? marnie and you be a police ... officerman . she turn back to the pie , nervous , paranoid , feel the weed . he step up to she . cop well , technically , I be retire . but they still need we on set . ( make joke ) in case a director start throw thing . he laugh . she laugh , confuse . cop ( cont 'd ) everybody call I Zipper . marnie oh , that 's nice . he look at she . cop / zipper and you be , miss ... marnie minervini . zipper miss minervini ... marnie Mrs. zipper Mrs. minervini ... marnie or be it miss ? my husband die , but it 's still Mrs. , right ? or do I go back to my maiden name ? you know what ? call I marnie , that way it will not be confusing . she steady herself , try to look casual . 70 54 . zipper marnie ? marnie hm ? zipper do you want to join we ? marnie we ? marnie look up to see a entire corner of the restaurant swarm with cop , some detective , some off-duty . she turn ghost white . Zipper lead she toward they . marnie ( cont 'd ) um ... int . dupar 's -- later 70 marnie sit next to Zipper in the middle of the circle of cop , some in uniform , some detective , all chugge coffee and talk a mile a minute . marnie be stare at she hand . officer lee so we get to the area and sure enough there 's a naked guy and he 's just walk down the street , wave in the wind . officer bernie he be not wave . he be salute . the cop crack up . the sound echoe through marnie 's body . she look up from she hand . officer davis anyway , he be be real belligerent and refuse to put any clothes on or get in the car . so bernie suggest we taze he . officer bernie ( throw up a arm ) what can I say ? I love tazing . officer davis so bernie get he tazer out and ... you know how bernie 's aim have always be a little low ... 71 55 . zipper no ... everyone die of laughter . marnie try to join they , laugh too hard . officer davis ( laugh , shaking ) he would not go down . he just stand there , vibrate , point north ... ( turn to marnie ) pardon my language . marnie stop and turn to he . marnie oh . be you talk ? they all look at she , then everyone burst into laughter . Zipper smile . she laugh , unsure . ext . dupar 's -- later 71 Zipper open the door for she . she hurry outside . zipper sorry about they . they be good guy . they just like hearing themselves talk . marnie well , if I have storey like they , I would just like to hear myself think . he laugh . they stand at the edge of dupar 's parking lot , under a street - lamp . she look at he , knee weaken . marnie ( cont 'd ) well , I better get home . zipper okay . marnie I gotta dog -sit my daughter 's kid and my hand be really loud , so ... zipper do you need a ride or ...? he gesture . marnie look at Zipper 's motorcycle . 56 . marnie I can not drive that thing . zipper ( slight laugh ) okay , well , how bout just this once I drive it and you can sit on back . he climb on . marnie be you crazy ? I would kill my daughter if she die on a motorcycle . zipper oh , no , this be not a motorcycle . this be a harley davidson . there 's a world of difference . it 's important that you understand that . a few other cop start out of dupar 's toward they cop car . zipper ( cont 'd ) let I just kick -start she here . Zipper '' kick-start '' he harley with he thumb . zipper ( cont 'd ) you wanna go on a ride-along ? marnie a what - along ? zipper you be new in town . let I give you the tour . she look at he , unsure . zipper ( cont 'd ) the safest place you can be in Los Angeles be on the back of this bike , I promise you . he extend a helmet . zipper ( cont 'd ) do not worry . I x11 go slow . 72 73 57 . ext . los angele street -- later 72 not slowly , the motorcycle tail a cop car . marnie be strapped to Zipper 's back , helmet on , terror in she eye . zipper so tell I about you kid . marnie later ! she grip he waist and close she eye , start to pray . ext . santa monica STREET -- later 73 marnie and Zipper be park behind the cop car . Zipper look through binocular at something . zipper after I retire , I use to drive around listen to the cb just to see where the action be . and then I start follow they around , so the guy say I should just come along . sort of like unofficial back -up . in case anything go wrong . marnie that 's cool . so you make you own hour . he swallow , let she think it 's cool . marnie ( cont 'd ) be you on the Red ripper case ? zipper no . no , but I know of the guy follow he . have not see he family in eight year . that 's what chase a rabbit will do to you . this hit she . she nod , let go of irrational fear . zipper ( cont 'd ) take thirty year on the force to realize you can not save everybody . he look through the binocular . zipper ( cont 'd ) but you try . 74 58. marnie smile at he . ext . another santa monica STREET -- later 74 with a view of the pier , marnie and Zipper sit on a bench , the motorcycle nearby . she look through the binocular now , like they be in the last row of a action movie . marnie so why do they call you Zipper ? zipper it 's my last name . marnie oh , well , that make sense . what 's you first name ? zipper Randy . randall . marnie be you from out here ? be I ask too many question ? he smile and shake he head . zipper I be from oxnard originally . I move to ventura when I get marry and then I move to topanga when I get divorced . marnie oh , I be sorry . zipper oh , do not be sorry . she 's not . he laugh . she join he . zipper ( cont 'd ) she never smile with she tooth . you know ? I should have know . marnie do not know whether or not to smile . marnie topanga ? be that by the beach ? zipper it 's by the beach . not on the beach . ( more ) 59 . zipper ( cont 'd ) I would not mind live on the beach . but I would not know where to keep the chicken . marnie chicken ? zipper some people have dog . I be aman with chicken . marnie how many ? zipper you know what they say about count chicken . she laugh . zipper ( cont 'd ) we have a very symbiotic relationship . I give they a coop and some grass and sometimes a little Parmesan cheese and they keep I in egg . he reach into he pocket and pull out a blue egg . zipper ( cont 'd ) this be from the ameraucana . I only have one Easter egger . he hand she the blue egg . she look at it up close . marnie I can not believe it do not break . zipper yeah , she 's a toughie . ( then ) you want to meet she ? she look up at he , think . marnie you mean at you house ? zipper ( look at he watch ) well , she 's be out at the bar all night but she should be home by now . 75 60 . she deliberate , fight the voice in she head . ext . zipper 's topanga home -- early dawn 75 marnie and Zipper walk up to the coop . he hold open a chicken - wire gate and she nervously walk through it . she stand there as Zipper call to the chicken and spread out some feed . zipper okay , that 's Joan , that 's gertude , that 's henrietta ... do not let she sass you . she 's get a attitude on account of be so damn beautiful . lady , this be marnie . marnie shyly wave at they . Zipper walk to the other side of the coop and mess with a boom box , a extension cord extend into the house . zipper ( cont 'd ) couple a month back , I be clean the coop and play my boom box and I look at they face and I swear , the chicken just look happy . so I dida little experiment to see what kind of music they dig the most . rock and 's roll make they lay egg like crazy , but seem to stress they out . classical work . reggae do not . but I find for the perfect balance of productivity and happiness , all road lead to dolly . he push play on the boom box and a dolly parton song play . Zipper and marnie stand in the coop . marnie how can you tell if it 's work ? zipper do not they look like they be smile ? she look at the chicken . they all have different chicken face . she can not tell if they be smile , but she sure be . it get wider and wider , as she move around the coop , two - step out of the chicken 's way . it 's almost dance . 61 . 76 int . zipper 's house -- morning 76 the sun be just come up , bathing the room in a pink glow . Zipper make marnie a cup of coffee in he small kitchen . marnie well , Joe do not want to know how much time he have leave . but lori and I know . so he ask she if she could throw we we wedding anniversary in August . but she know he would not make it till then so she say , '' why do not I throw you a party forty year from the day you meet ? '' so lori decorate she house like it be 1969 and all the music be from 1969 and all she friend come dress in 60 clothes and Joe 's brother fly out and she serve fondue . and it be just the most spectacular day . like the day we get marry . marnie smile . Zipper sit across from she . marnie ( cont 'd ) we come out here for he treatment and then take care of he for another two month and .... ( smile ) lori say we be in the delivery business . ( hand to Heaven ) ship and handle . she force a smile . Zipper can see this be still a open wound . he move on . zipper and then you stay in LA ? that 's a pretty big sea change , literally . I mean , that 's really , very brave . marnie yeah ? well , who would not love it here ? the sun be always shine . it 's like live on Main Street in disneyland . he look at she . for a second too long . and smile . marnie ( cont 'd ) what about you ? you get kid ? zipper two beautiful girl . she smile . zipper ( cont 'd ) the one who like I life far away . and the one that do not be in Palm Springs . her smile drop . he explain . zipper ( cont 'd ) lizzy be still in high school when she mom and I fall apart , which be mostly my fault . 70/30 . 60 /40 , maybe . I be work all the time . I bring it home with I . and as soon as she start to slip away , I start grip and I guess I hold on too tightly . and I lose she . lizzy , I mean . the young one . ( then ) she 's in a rehab -- ( correct himself ) Program . she 's in a program . I be hope one of that step would lead she back here , but .... ( then ) I do not know . I be a hot head then . I let my temper get the best of I . I be too strict . have too many rule . curfew . make they scared to tell I thing . marnie well , sure . look at everything you be see all day . serial killer and stuff ? I just watch the news . never -mind be a part of it . it 's like a action movie . zipper ( slight scoff ) well , not anymore . marnie still . it 's not you fault the world be a scary place . she take a sip of coffee . he look at she . how beautiful she look . 62. she have no idea 77 63. marnie ( cont 'd ) thank God you be retire . he clear he throat , almost laugh , but not . zipper yeah , it have its moment . I have learn to calm down . I meditate , if you can believe that . the chicken keep I in line . sometimes I hit the bag in the garage . mostly I just exercise patience . with everything . my ex . my girl . if lizzy do not want I to call she anymore , I have to respect that . marnie ( burst ) no. I mean ... you can not not call . zipper I leave she message until it be full . marnie so ? I be sorry . I should mind my own business . but you should call she . zipper I really would not know what to say . marnie just tell she you love she . no matter what she 's up to . ( then , matter - of - fact ) everybody know they mother love they unconditionally . father have to ... say it out loud . I think . he smile . struck by this . her . she can suddenly feel the weight in the air and barrel through it . marnie ( cont 'd ) Joe use to have a temper . but he be italian , so .... oh my God , what time be it ? ext . lori 's house -- early morning 77 Zipper pull the motorcycle over and marnie hop off . she hand he the helmet . he hand she a carton of egg . 78 79 64 . marnie well , thanks . zipper okay . he reach into he wallet and hand she he card . they hand touch for a flash . she quickly put the card in she pants pocket . zipper ( cont 'd ) in case you need to get out of a speed ticket or something . she turn and hurry away . he watch she go . int . lori 's house -- moment later 78 -- marnie put down the carton of egg . -- outside , she feed the dog . watch they eat . -- she open the carton of egg and see eleven brown egg and one blue one . she smile . -- Music begin over : int . lori 's house -- later 79 -- marnie take a piece of bread and cut a hole in it . -- she place the bread in a hot pan . the butter sizzle . -- she crack the blue egg open and drop the yolk in the center of the bread . -- the egg fries in the heat . the steam rise up to meet she . she slide the spatula underneath it and flip it at exactly the right time . -- marnie sit at the table and cut into the egg-fry bread . she salt the single bite and put it in she mouth . it 's so good , she eye roll back . -- bite after bite , it seem to only get better . she have not taste a egg like this in so long . maybe ever . -- marnie finish the last bite , wipe she mouth and pound a fist on the table , as she swallow . and exhales . slowly , she expression change from ecstasy to something like guilt . -- at the sink , she scrub the plate clean , shaking she head . 80 81 82 83 84 65 . marnie ( v.o. ) anyway ... int . lori 's house -- later 80 marnie pack a suitcase . marnie ( v.o . ) I be take United flight 352 landing at JFK at 4:30 . just think I should head back east for a little bit . see daddy 's brother and maybe get to visit you on set . ext . hollywood house -- later 81 marnie ( v.o . ) do not worry about the dog . I drop they off at Jacob 's house so they would be somewhere familiar . marnie hand the dog off to the tall girl from Valentine 's . int . airplane -- later 82 marnie look out the tiny window at the incomparable New York City skyline . her eye light up . marnie ( v.o. ) to be honest , I can not wait to be back in the city . ext . manhattan -- day 83 the street be alive . marnie walk along the bustling sidewalk , take hundred of picture with she iphone . marnie ( v.o . ) see the old stomping grounds . walk through Midtown and the garment district and see daddy 's old building . ext . midtown build -- moment later 84 marnie take a picture of herself under the address , but cut off half she face . she look up at the skyscraper , people flow in and out , unable to bring herself inside . 85 66 . marnie ( v.o. ) but mostly I can not wait to see you . so let I know when 's a good time . int . silvercup studio -- not a good time / next day 85 the set of lori 's tv pilot . lori look frazzle , surround by a crew of people ask question , as marnie approach , smile proud , clap excitedly . lori look up at she and smile wide , come in for a long hug . then , pull away : lori okay , this be you chair . she sit she mother in a chair . lori ( cont 'd ) this be you can . she hand she mother a pair of headphone . lori ( cont 'd ) do not talk to anyone . and the safe word be '' cantaloupe '' . on a bell . marnie put on she headphone , already on the edge of she seat . lori sit behind the director ( 40s ) . marnie sit behind lori . marnie peek around they all to look at the tiny monitor , a and B . a clapboard come into view . Rolling . set. action . on the a-monitor : a tv daughter ( 20 , too pretty ) say good - night to a date ( 20 ) at the door . tv daughter okay , call I . good-night . bye . she shut the door , swoon , then walk into the kitchen to find -- on the b-monitor : the tv mom ( 40s , too young ) sit at the table , eat ice cream from a carton and read a book . tv daughter ( cont ’d ) Jesus , Mom , you scared the crap out of I . do not you have ice cream in the guest house ? 67 . tv mom well , yeah but I already pick all the cookie dough out of it . tv daughter what be you read ? ( then , freaking ) be that my journal ? tv mom oh , be that what this be ? I think the character seem a little slutty . tv daughter give I that ! tv mom be not you too old to keep a journal ? tv daughter be not you too old to read you daughter 's journal ? that 's a violation of space and time . tv dad ( 0.s. ) what 's all the yell about ? a tv dad ( 5as , bad italian accent ) enter in nothing but a towel . he fill the frame , take over the b-camera . tv mom I violate space and time . tv dad you peed in the upstairs shower too ? the director chuckle . lori look pain . but marnie be mesmerize . the father and daughter talk , they image face each other on opposite monitor . tv daughter what 's wrong with the shower in the guest house ? tv dad it start to get this weird smell . slow push on marnie . for a moment , Joe be alive . she watch without blink , rivete . 68 . tv daughter ( 0.s. ) Mom , dad , when I say you guy should move here after you retire , I do not mean here here . I need to get a life . I need to meet a guy and get marry and give you grandchild so you 's 1ll leave I alone . wet towel , dad . wet towel . tv dad oh , sorry . the dad remove the towel and hand it to the daughter . tv dad ( cont 'd ) could you hang this up for I ? ( then ) lorraine ? director aaaaaaand .... cut . everyone stand up and start move , back to work . lori go to talk to one of the camera guy . but marnie be freeze in place , daze , nostalgic . until : the actor play the father come to sit at video village . marnie be a chair away from he as he check he phone . she try not to breathe . then can not help herself , and lean in . marnie you look so much like he . he turn to she . no italian accent . tv dad I be sorry ? marnie the character you be play . you look so much like the person it 's base on . tv dad oh. I do not realize it be .... lori cantaloupe , mom. ( clear throat ) cantaloupe . lori gesture to she mother , while over - cough . 86 69 . int . HOTEL bar -- later 86 at a round booth , lori sit in between marnie and the camera guy from lori 's set , BEN ( 30 ) . he 's in the middle of a long , animated story . BEN indy race through the jungle , all the way back to jock and the seaplane . indy scream , '' come on , jock ! get go ! '' but the native be chase he to the edge of the water . so indy grab onto a vine and go swinging through the air ... Ben sing some theme music . marnie laugh , enchant . lori take a big sip of she drink . BEN ( cont 'd ) indy hit the water . splewsh . poison arrow be fire all around he . Pew pew pew pew pew .... then indy climb into the seat of the plane just as it lift out of the water and take to the sky . and that 's when indy look down and see .... be you ready ?... a giant snake in he lap . marnie gasp . BEN ( cont 'd ) indy scream , '' jock , why be there a snake on this plane ? '' . and jock say , '' oh that 's just Reggie ! '' and indy say , '' but jock , I hate snake ! '' and the plane fly off into the sunset . and that 's the first twenty minute of '' Indiana Jones and the raider of the lose ark '' . marnie clap , entertained . lori force a laugh . Ben laugh the hardest , wiping he brow , and exhales . marnie I have never see it . BEN well , we will have to watch it before you leave town . 70 . he give lori a too-hard squeeze . the waiter bring more drink . lori can not get to hers fast enough . marnie so you guy meet on set ? lori ( point ) that 's right , just two week ago . like I be tell you right before you invite he to dinner . marnie well , I think it 's romantic . meeting on a movie set . lori people meet on set all the time and it 's usually scandalous and home-wreck . marnie I know my husband for two week before he propose . BEN two week ? marnie I think when you know , you know , you know ? BEN I totally agree . he pull lori towards he . lori I be gonna run to the bathroom . BEN hurry back . lori slide under the booth and away . Ben look around , then look back at marnie , with a secret . BEN ( cont 'd ) hey ... he gesture for marnie to lean in . as she do , he lean forward and present a engagement ring in a light - up box . marnie oh my God ... 71 . BEN I get it the day after we meet . ( then ) I do not do thing half - ass . when I know I want something , I go for it . that 's how I get this far in my career . Russell boyd , rodney charter , Don mcalpine ... when the top cinematographers need a B - camera operator , do you know who they call ? marnie you ? he shut the ring box and lean back . BEN when you know , you know . marnie wow , it 's all so fast . but if it will make lori happy ... he lean in , too intense . BEN so I be think that we get everyone she know , all she friend and family and people she work with and the entire crew and we put together one of that youtube video , and maybe it start with you put lori on the back of my truck and then the radio start play we song ... marnie beam . her eye could not get any wider . BEN ( cont 'd ) and everyone she know come out one at a time and do this choreograph dance number until it end with I appear with the ring and get down on one knee , all in one tracking shot .... 87 int . HOTEL room -- later 87 lori rummages through the mini bar while marnie sit up in bed , smile too wide , practically vibrate . 72 . lori I just feel like the whole thing be get bastardize by everybody 's note and the guy play the dad be just not up for the challenge . why be you so hyper ? marnie nothing . I be just excited for you . ( then ) and Ben seem nice . lori yeah , well , do not get too use to he , Mom , it 's not gonna last . marnie ( sing -songy ) I would not be so sure . lori no , I be tell you . I be just rebound . I need to date below - the-line for a change . marnie you know , sometimes , people think they be have a rebound but then it evolve into something more . ( then ) actually , there 's something I should tell you . marnie sit lori down . she take a breath . marnie ( cont 'd ) I be engage to someone else before daddy . lori yeah , I know . you tell I before . marnie I do ? lori yeah , he name be matteo and you be not that attract to he and then you go to Atlantic City with you girlfriend and that 's where you meet daddy . you have like three storey , mom. marnie alright . so , if you be rebound then why do not you and Jacob give it another go ? lori get up , downs a quick drink . lori that 's not up to I . marnie well , maybe if you just tell he how you feel .... lori see , that be the great lie of you life , Mom . that if you dream it , you can do it . and the world do not work that way . marnie what be you talk about ? you dreamt you could move to Hollywood and you do it . you dreamt you could be a writer and you do it . you dream up different storey all the time . lori half -smile . it 's almost work . marfnie which remind I , I meet the cutest girl in the bathroom at JFK . she 's in a wheelchair and she write a blog about empower young woman and I tell she you be a writer and she have not hear of you but she be really impressed when I tell she you have have coffee with she sometime and give she some industry tip . you cell phone 's 323 ? lori stop smile . lori I do not have industry tip . marnie well , it 's just a coffee . she 's in a wheelchair . lori climb into bed next to marnie , drink in hand . 73. marnie have she cell phone out , camera on , unsure where to aim it . 88 74 . marnie ( cont 'd ) how do you take a selfie ? lori what do you mean ? you just take it . you just take a picture of yourself . ( immediately curious ) who be you send a selfie to ?? marnie nobody . shhhhh . marnie quickly put she phone down , then grab the remote . lori ( playfully ) do you have a new friend ?? marnie I say I do not want to talk about it ! lori stifles she happy curiosity as much as she can . she toast the air , take a sip of she drink and -- int . HOTEL room -- later 88 lori be pass out in bed . marnie pour a tiny bottle of vodka into a cup and into she mouth . marnie swallow it in one gulp , then reach for she phone . she squint to see the phone number write on he card . dial before she change she mind . straight to voicemail : zipper ( 0.s. ) this be obviously I . beep . marnie loud - whisper in the dark . marnie hello . Zipper , um , it 's marnie . minervini . I be in New York with my daughter who be make she tv show and I see the set today and it make I think of you . well , you job . and also what you do for a live . she gesture and hit the table , knock over bottle . 89 90 marnie ( cont 'd ) anyway , I order the scramble egg at the hotel this morning and they be nothing like what I eat of yours . I mean , the egg you give I . I have one . briefly . so I just want to check in ... on the chicken and , oh ... ( whisper more ) lori have a new boyfriend , or should I say fiancee ... so give I a call , okay , love you . I mean , bye . she gasp , hang up as quickly as possible , then toss she phone out of frame . int . jersey home -- day the door open and marnie be pull in by Joe 's survive brother cos , tony and dominic ( 60 ) . int . jersey home -- still day marnie eat dinner with Joe 's brother and they wife . angie ( 60 ) be among they . angie you lose weight . marnie oh , yeah , right . angie here . mangia . Angie dump food on marnie 's plate . marnie ooh , Angie , ariancini . they do not have anything like this in Los Angeles . angie of course not . they do not have anything like this anywhere . only my mother make this and now I make they and I take the recipe to the grave . marnie turn to two other wife . 89 90 76 . marnie Tina , pina , how be you feel ? tina and pina ( 60 ) both make hand gesture . cos hey , how 's the tv show ? marnie so funny , you would not believe it . I do not know where she get she character from . marnie take a bite and make food noise . 91 int . jersey home -- still day 91 they continue to eat and talk loudly . marnie the first time I cook for Joe , I want to make he pasta . and my mother tell I that you know if pasta be do be by throw it against the wall and if it stick , you take it out of the water . so I have the water boil and I break the pasta in half ... the italian let out a collective '' ugh '' . marnie ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) and then I cook it and throw it against the wall and nothing . so I cook it some more and then a little bit more until it finally stick on the wall and stick to the pot and stick to itself and stick to everything it touch . marnie laugh . the group laugh along , know the story . marnie ( cont 'd ) after he take the first bite , I see he take a little pasta off of he plate and put it in he napkin and I say , '' what be you do ? '' and he say , '' I just have to show this to my mother . '' 77 . they howl with laughter , hit the table . then one by one , they laugh into sigh . marnie be the last , wiping away laugh - tear . tony I can not believe it 's he anniversary already . marnie I know . a whole year . they look at she . dominic you mean , two year . marnie recover . marnie right . a year since last year . angie time fly . cos time fly . tony so , we be think that half of he ash could stay with you and lori in California and the other half could be bury in Elizabeth with we mother and father . that way we all have a place to go . marnie swirl the food on she plate . marnie yeah , you know , I really just want to talk to lori about it first ? she 's be really sensitive about it lately and I just do not want to cause she too much stress while she 's do the tv show . tony well , we talk to she and she say it be up to you . marnie stop , out of excuse . 92 78. cos maybe since we be all on the east coast for a change , we could at least pick out a headstone . tony lori say you want to use a quote maybe ? dominic something from '' my Way '' . marnie look at they all , start to sweat . cos it do not have to be '' my Way '' . dominic how could it not be '' my Way '' ? tony as long as it 's Sinatra . dominic well , of course it 's Sinatra . cos obviously . angie but it 's totally up to you , marnie , if you want to bury he ash here with we parent or if you want to sprinkle a little here and a little out there . tony '' a little here and there ? '' dominic how could it not be '' my Way '' ? the brother talk over each other . marnie can not catch she breath . pant . panick . the wall cave in . int . JFK airport -- early morning 92 departure gate . marnie give she license to airport security ( 30 ) . the man look up at marnie . airport security Joseph minervini ? 93 94 79 . marnie what ? ( realize ) oh . I hand you my husband 's license by mistake . she put he license back on top of she rubber - band stack of card . and pull out she license , hand it over . airport security marnie minervini . that make more sense . and where be you head today , Mrs. minervini ? marnie Los Angeles . I live there now . marnie stand up straighter , say it out loud . the security guy hand back she license . airport security and how be you time in New York ? marnie take she license . marnie great . my daughter shot a pilot . the guy look at she , not let go of the license , then gesture for a armed security guard . marnie 's eye widen . int . airplane -- early morning 93 marnie sit in she seat , stare at Joe 's license at the top of she stack of credit card . she start to cry , lean toward the window so people can not see . she do not make a sound . the tear fall until they do not . then , she pull out Joe 's license , and slide it into the middle of the stack . int . airplane -- morning 94 the plane land on the tarmac . marnie wake up with it . flight attendant ( 0.s. ) welcome to Los Angeles where the local time be 9:37 be . please remain in you seat while we taxi to the gate . if you cell phone be in reach , you may use it now . marnie straighten herself , then open the window shade , the sun blare through . 95 96 80 . she lower it halfway , then pull out she cell phone and take it off airplane mode . she look at it , then set it in she lap . it buzy . she pick it back up , surprised to see a new voicemail . a unknown caller . she push play . zipper ( 0.s. ) hey , marnie , it 's you new friend Zipper . ( she sit up ) or Randy . depend on who you ask . I just see that you call . sorry I be just get back to you now . there 's such bad reception in the canyon , I could barely hear you message . marnie exhales , a bit relieved . zipper ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) but I want to try you back and see how the east coast be treat you . and also let you know that the chicken have expand they musical library to include Peggy Lee , as well as dolly parton cover , so you have get that to look forward to . if you ever make it back this way . but ... give I a call if you get a chance . okay . ( then , be funny ) Love you , bye . click . marnie 's eye widen . she cover she mouth , shocked , unable to breathe . then , she crack up , laugh . and go to listen to the message again . int . apple store -- day 95 -- marnie walk up the glass step . -- marnie comb the accessory department . -- marnie busy a speaker system from a apple employee ( 20 ) . marnie look around for freddy but do not see he . ext . topanga home -- later 96 marnie pull the red Lexus up in front of Zipper 's house and climb out , hold the Apple bag . she walk up the front step . there 's music play inside . as she get closer , she realize it 's Zipper , sing and play guitar . 81. she stop short , listen through the screen door . it take a moment to recognize the song , dolly parton 's '' to daddy '' . zipper ( sing ) be take for grant be a thing that she accept / and she do not need that thing to make she happy / she do not even seem to notice / that he do not kiss and hold she / if she do , she never do say so to daddy .... marnie mouth along with the lyric , get lose in the song . she lean against the screen door and it creak . the guitar stop . she quickly hang the bag on the door knob and start away . the screen door swing open . zipper ( cont 'd ) this count as trespasp . she turn back to he . he '' hide '' a acoustic guitar . zipper ( cont 'd ) you do not hear any sort of music - type sound come from inside .... marnie oh , be that you ? he step out . zipper just a little dolly cover band I be put together . Zipper and the fuzz . we have a mostly avian fan - base . you want to come in , let I test this out on a human lady ? he hold the screen door open , then notice the bag . zipper ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? marnie oh , it 's nothing . I just think you could use it to play music for the chicken . he open the bag , see a beat home speaker system inside . marnie ( cont 'd ) you can plug it in you iphone . oh , God , do you have a iphone ? 82 . zipper I have be meaning to get one of that . thank you . you wannna come in ? show I how to plug it in ? she look at he , she courage wane . marnie I be suppose to be at this wedding . zipper oh . that 's fun . he walk down the step towards she . she swallow . zipper ( cont 'd ) well , I miss ya . ( then ) be not that funny ? she do not know how to respond . zipper ( cont 'd ) I end up call she . my daughter . marnie smile , genuinely excited . marnie oh , Zipper , that 's great . zipper yeah . she yell at I . a lot . I be think I should ride out there and let she scream in my face a little . you wanna come with ? he reach out and take hold of she hand . she 's stunne , silence . zipper ( cont 'd ) just a day trip . nothing overnight or ... I just think you should check out the desert and ... I could use the moral support -- marnie I can not . she rip she hand away . he put he hand in he pocket . marnie ( cont 'd ) ( soften ) I ... um ... ( more ) 97 98 99 83. marnie ( cont 'd ) I can not do that right now .... ( then ) anyway , I just want to give you the speaker and tell you that I probably will not be around for a little while . I need to go back east and ... I just will not be around . he look at she , hurt , disappointed , but understanding . zipper okay . he do not move . marnie turn away . and start toward she car . she do not turn back . he let she go . int . lori 's house -- later 97 marnie stand in she black clothes , look at she daughter 's red bridesmaid dress hang in front of the closet . she shake she head , take a breath and begin to undress . throw off she black top . kick off she black pants . she wrap herself up in the red dress . she look stun , transformed . she turn to the side and exhales . okay , it 's a bit tight . but the color of the dress put the rose in she cheek . she try she hair up . then down . then up . she paint she never-painted nail . she slide on lipstick . she put contact , leave she glass behind . ext . marina del rey harbor -- later / day 98 she park she husband 's car near the harbor and hurry toward the twinkle string of light that lead to the boat . int . boat - wedding -- later / day 99 marnie step onto the boat just as it start to leave . the water churn . marnie race up the stair to the bow of the boat , where the bridesmaid stand in a row , wear they color- coordinate dress . they look flustered until they turn and see marnie in the red dress . 99a 100 84 . marnie join the back of the line , create a perfect rainbow of color . jillian give she a squeeze , sighing , relieved . emily tehya , come here . Emily try to wrangle tehya , dress as the flower girl , but she run to marnie 's side . marnie I get she . on the top deck -- a string quartet begin to play . and one by one , the bridesmaid make they way down the aisle . marnie be at the end of the line , twice they age but just as gorgeous , hold tehya 's hand . she wave hello to the people she know . she spot Emily 's husband greg ( 30 ) , and he father , Mark , near the front . Mark smile at marnie . marnie smile back . and the music begin . everyone stand . jillian be walk down the aisle by she smiling father ( 70 ) . the bride look beautiful in the overdo dress , beam , near tear , as she reach she wife , dani ( 30 , dress white ) with she bridesmen & women and the boat 's captain ( 40s ) . everyone be a-glow . especially marnie . ext . harbor -- later / day 99a the boat move across the calm harbor water , as the party start on the second floor . int . reception -- later / day 100 marnie hold she number , shyly look for she table . it 's beautifully light , fill with flower , and simply beautiful . elaine marnie , everything look incredible . marnie oh , yeah , be not it pretty ? emily over here , marnie . 101 85 . Emily wave marnie over to the bridesmaid table . she be surprised to take a seat next to the other girl . emily ( cont 'd ) marnie , you really do it . marnie oh ? emily can you believe how gorgeous this be and it 's all thanks to you . marnie look around , see she touch everywhere . she have to admit -- it 's quite remarkable . int . reception -- later / day 101 marnie and the rest of the guest watch jillian 's wife dani finish she speech . dani -.. and that 's when jillian turn to I and say , '' now about that pilot 's license . '' the room laugh , include marnie . dani ( cont 'd ) jilly bean , I know people could have think we be fool rush in , but I want to spend the rest of my life get to know you . marnie nearly shed a tear . everyone cheer as the couple share a sweet kiss . jillian take the microphone . jillian thank you guy so much . there be so many people in this room that make this day possible , I can not believe it . first , my incredible wife who marry I a year ago against she better judgment .... ( laugh ) and then agree to do it again in front of everyone we love , cause she know it be important to I . everyone awwww . they kiss . 102 86 . jillian ( cont 'd ) I want to thank all of my bridesmaid . nobody could ask for thirteen better friend . I love you all so much . marnie and the other twelve bridesmaid smile . jillian ( cont 'd ) and I want to thank my family for fly in from all over the country . daddy , I love you . ( blow a kiss ) and marnie ... marnie stop , look up , surprised to hear she name . jillian ( cont 'd ) ( start to cry ) there be no word to describe my gratitude . I have never meet anyone more generous and truly selfless . when my mother die , I never imagine that I could feel love so ... unconditionally ... by someone who be not in my family . you be proof that when one angel leave this Earth , another angel take its place . I love you . to marnie ! everyone hold up they glass and cheer . everyone to marnie ! marnie look around at everyone toast she . she be overwhelm , tear welling up in she eye as she take it in . int . reception -- later 102 blue traveler play on -stage while everyone dance . marnie be among they , shoe off , shaking what the good Lord give she . she dance with the other bridesmaid . jillian swing tehya onto the dance - floor and into marnie 's arm . marnie beam as she dance with the little girl , hold hand with jillian . they make a circle . Emily join the circle . and so do Mark . marnie and Mark dance with tehya between they . they boogie and jump and scream along to the music . then : 87 . JOHN popper this be a new one . the band play a slower song . marnie and Mark stand there , catch they breath . MARK I can not remember the last time I dance this much . marnie I know . when I be a kid , we always go out dance . I be always tell lori , '' why do not you go out dance ? '' MARK you know , you do a really amazing thing , marnie . all of this . they look really happy . marnie turn to see jillian and dani slow - dance , happy . she smile . then , just beyond they , Jacob cross through a group of people on he way out of the room . MARK ( cont 'd ) so about that lunch .... marnie would you excuse I ? MARK oh-kay . marnie run away from Mark . 103 ext . boat -- evening 103 Jacob walk to the bow of the boat , lighting up a cigarette . marnie Jacob ! he turn to see marnie racing up to he , without shoe , out of breath . jacob hey , marnie . marnie listen ... she huff and puff . 104 88. jacob you okay ? marnie she love you . ( then ) lori love you , you know . and I know because I see how unhappy she 's be since you guy split up . and I know people be suppose to make they own happiness , but she 's never be that way . or maybe she use to be , but not anymore . and I do not know if it 's too late for you guy and maybe this be totally awkward and I be overstep my bound , I know I be overstep my bound , but it do not matter . Cause if there 's even the slight chance that you could end up with she , and make she happy , then that 's all that matter to I . her happiness be all that matter . so what do you say ? she stop . he look at she . take he time . jacob marnie , I .... I be sorry . marnie look at he , devastate , silence . just then , the very tall girl appear at Jacob 's side . marnie hello , I be just leave . marnie turn on she heel and start out . ext . marina parking lot -- night 104 the boat be dock in the background . marnie fast - walk toward she car , Mark trail behind she . MARK you sure you do not want to stay for another drink ? marnie no I really have to get back to .... marnie arrive in she empty parking space . her car be not there . she look around , confuse . 89 . marnie ( cont 'd ) huh . 105 int . MARK 's car / ext . lori 's house -- later 105 Mark pull over in front of lori 's house , as marnie finish up a phone call . marnie okay , thank you ... ( hang up , to Mark ) well , look like it be steal . MARK oh my God . the crime in this city . she do not realize Mark be face she . MARK ( cont 'd ) well , I be sorry this be how you night 's end . marnie that 's okay . MARK can not remember the last time I have so much fun . marnie oh. well . MARK couple of brooklynite , we be . marnie yeah . MARK and that dress be a knockout . ( then ) the color . blood red . Mark touch she face . marnie stop , freeze . MARK ( cont 'd ) and hair to match . suddenly he touch feel strange . he put he hand on the back of she neck . marnie 's eye widen , as Mark 's eye close . she can feel he grip . he lean in . and she explode . 106 90 . marnie eye , Throat , crotch ! marnie poke Mark 's eye , chop he throat , punch he ball . MARK ow ! marnie ! what be you do ? she burst from he car door and run in a zig - zag pattern away from he . he be not chase she . int . lori 's house -- later 106 marnie lock every lock behind she . then frantically fumble for she cell phone , quickly calling lori . marnie pick up , pick up , pick up .... lori ( 0.s. ) Mom ? marnie jump . and look up to see lori. marnie you be home . lori be hold she laptop . lori you give my rebound guy every single one of my contact so he could propose in a video ? marnie uh -- lori that 's gonna be fun to explain to everyone I know , include Jacob , who I have to see right now because that 's where my dog be , so that 's not uncomfortable . lori 's phone buzze . she answer , while walk out of the room . we stay with marnie . lori ( 0.s. , into phone ) ( cont ’d ) Emily ? ( then ) wait , what ? slow down . she do what ? ( more ) 107 108 108a 109 gl . lori ( 0.s. , into phone ) ( cont ’d ) ( then ) be you kid ? be he okay ? omitted 107 ext . apple store -- night 108 marnie walk up to the store . she stop in the doorway . int . apple store -- continuous 108a freddy help a nerdy girl ( 20 ) with she phone . marnie watch freddy for a moment , see he in he element , at home in he work . freddy make the girl laugh . marnie smile to herself , proud of freddy , know that he 's go to be okay , know she can not go inside . still smile , marnie turn away and out of the store . ext . the grove -- continuous 109 as soon as she do , a bell ring . marnie snap out of she smile and see that she 's stand on the trolley track . the trolley be head straight for she and -- CUT to : black int . hospital room -- morning 110 marnie rub lotion on the old woman 's arm . marnie see , every year the writer pitch the studio they idea and then the studio choose a small percentage of that idea to pay the writer to write the pilot , and then out of that script , they only pick , like , five percent of the pilot to actually shoot . I mean , film . and then only a handful of that pilot make it to the air . and then only a handful of that get to stay on the air . Seinfeld .... marnie let go of the woman 's arm but it stay in place , point at marnie . 92 . marnie ( cont 'd ) who ? I ? the old woman 's finger move . marnie turn . marnie ( cont 'd ) you want I to put on the tv ? marnie reach for the remote . marnie ( cont 'd ) I think you do not like the news . the old woman trace the air with she finger . make small half circle over and over . marnie look at it . like a puzzle . try to decipher it . just then , marnie 's cell phone ring . she look down to see : lori calling . marnie can not answer fast enough . marnie ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) hello ? hello ? lori ( 0.s. ) Mom . I need you . int . lori 's house -- later / day 111 lori open the door to find marnie hold a paper bag . lori do you bring ‘em ? marnie yeah , yeah . lori grab the paper bag . marnie follow she inside . lori what be this ? marnie oh . that be the bagel . marnie hold up a plastic bag . marnie ( cont 'd ) this be the pregnancy test . lori grab the plastic bag . start towards the bathroom , marnie follow . 93 . lori why do you get the jumbo pack ? marnie well , I do not know how many time you have to take it . lori rip open a box and unveil a white stick . lori please do not watch I pee on a stick ? marnie turn she whole body the other away . lori ( cont 'd ) I be not really that late , for I . it 's probably just stress . I can not stop sleep , but other than that . marnie I just hope you know who the father be . lori stop . lori I can not believe you just say that . marnie I do not mean it in a bad way ... lori I sleep with Jacob one time . when I have to go to he house to pick up my dog , thanks to you . besides , I be probably barren . you should worry about that . I have a lot of testosterone in I . ( look at stick ) there . see ? a single line . no grand -kid . congratulation . lori wrap the stick in toilet paper and put it on top of the pile garbage . the garbage tip over and the stick shoot out . marnie lean over it . marnie lor ? lori come back and lean over it . they both see a double line . it take a second to sink in . lori what the what ? lori grab the box and pull out a second stick . -- later marnie and lori look at two stick with double line . lori ( cont 'd ) what the what ?? marnie maybe we should google it . marnie pull out she phone . lori Google what ? marnie well , it could be a false positive . lori it do not work that way . it 's not aids . I need to get a blood test . marnie for aids ? lori for this , Mom ! be you here ? marnie I be sorry . lori I be pregnant . and I be too old to have a abortion . this be real . lori hug she knee and bury she head . marnie go to marnie oh , lor . do not be sad . lori lift she head . lori I be not . 94 . she . lori try to hide she smile but she can not . she smile wider and wider . marnie quickly get just as happy . 112 113 95 . int . doctor 's office -- later 112 marnie watch lori bounce she leg while a nurse ( 5as ) take she blood . nurse my daughter be a surprise . lori smile , then wince from the needle . int . lori lori lori lori lori 's car -- later 113 drive with marnie in the passenger seat . lori I should sell my house . get something bigger with carpet ... how be I gonna tell Jacob ? start cry . lori ( cont 'd ) I can not believe dad 's not around . marnie I be around . turn to she mother and smile . lori yeah , I know . 's cell phone ring . she answer on speaker . lori ( cont 'd ) hello ? nurse ( 0.s. ) hey , hon , it 's Anna in Dr. segal 's office . it 's negative . lori really ? nurse ( 0.s. ) I know , I be sorry . lori what about all the test I take ? 96 . nurse ( 0.s. ) I do not know , but we test you blood and urine and you be not pregnant . I be sorry , hon . marnie take out she phone , look online . lori okay , thanks for call . lori hang up . lori ( cont 'd ) I do not understand . marnie it say here that a false positive could be certain type of stomach tumor . do you feel sick ? lori look ahead . lori yes . I feel very sick . 114 int . lori 's house -- later 114 lori storm into the house , head straight for the bathroom . marnie follow . marnie maybe you could ask the doctor to test the blood for other stuff ? like aids . lori I do not have aids . marnie I say like aids . lori pick up the bag of stick and look . lori I do not get it , it say if you have two line , that mean you be ovu ... late .... ( then ) what the fuck ?? she hold the bag out to marnie . 97 . lori ( cont 'd ) be you kid I ? I have be pee on ovulation stick ? marnie look at the bag . lori ( cont 'd ) you buy ovulation stick ? marnie suddenly crack up laugh . lori ( cont 'd ) this be not funny , Mom . marnie oh , come on ... lori do you understand the roller - coaster you put I on ? I go from pregnant to stomach tumor to ... ovulate in three hour .... lori suddenly burst into laughter . marnie crack up more . the two of they roll around on the bathroom floor together , hysterically laugh . until , lori stop . and she 's cry . marnie oh , lor , I be not laugh at you . lori can not stop cry . marnie wrap she arm around she . marnie ( cont 'd ) but this be a good thing . you do not plan it . lori I know . ( then ) I be just relieved to have that decision make for I . lori sob in she mother 's arm . lori ( cont 'd ) oh God , I be so sorry . marnie for what ? lori for the way I be . 98 . marnie I love you the way you be . lori I just miss he so much . marnie well , maybe he 's not the one for you ... lori not Jacob . dad . I miss dad . I miss my dad . marnie I too . lori I know and it 's hard to look at you sometimes . marnie why ? lori Cause half the room be miss . ( then ) and we be both alone . marnie pull she in as tight as she can . marnie we be not alone . lori wipe away a few tear , lean into she mother . lori see , this be what happen when you follow the black sheep across the country . marnie rest she head on lori 's head . marnie well , if you be a black sheep , I be a black sheep . marnie rock she back on forth on the bathroom floor . lori slowly stop cry . lori you beat up greg 's dad . 99 . int . lori 's bedroom -- night 115 marnie lie awake , stare up at the ceiling fan , lori asleep next to she . the fan cool the room with a mechanical breeze . marnie stare at the blade spin around and around and around and around and -- she gasp , sit straight up . int . marnie 's apartment -- later 116 marnie search she closet . then pull out a tupperware box and set it on the bed . she open the lid . it 's full of photo , memory , Joe 's old shirt . she slide thing aside . look for something . until ... she eye light up . int . hospital -- day 117 marnie walk down the hall carry something in a plastic bag . she make she way straight toward the old woman 's room . int . hospital room -- continuous 118 and up to the old woman 's bed . the woman turn she eye to marnie , mouth agape , breathe . marnie it 's I . the woman 's hand raise into the air and point . marnie reach into she plastic bag and pull out a rotary phone . she pull the plug out of the hospital phone and insert it into the rotary phone . she hold it up , then lift the receiver to she ear . the old woman 's finger guide through the air and land in a slot - 7 . the old woman turn she finger and begin to dial . marnie 's eye widen - 5 . the woman move she hand in the same circular motion - 4 . marnie ( cont 'd ) oh , shoot , I think you need to dial a nine first , let I , darn it ... marnie hang up , tsk at herself and quickly dial a 9 . then hold it out again . the woman use all of she energy to dial again - 7 -5 - 4 - 4 - 1 - 7 - 7 - and stop . marnie wait , phone to she ear . and it ring . now marnie 's breathe fill the room . it ring again and -- 120 121 122 100 . man' voice ( 0.s. ) hello ? marnie stop , can not speak . man' voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hello ? marnie hello ? CUT to : int . hospital room -- later 119 the old lady be surround in stuff animal . marnie sit next to she , hold she hand , when a man ( 40s ) enter the room . marnie stand to greet he . he hug marnie , grateful , then quickly move to the hospital bed . he lean over the old woman . man Mom ? the old woman look up at he . her eye fill with happy tear . his do the same . man ( cont 'd ) yeah , it 's I , Mom . I be here . he brushes the hair off she face , kissing she hand . marnie watch , overwhelm . the same tear fill she eye . ext . toyota body shop -- day 120 marnie watch as she fix Toyota be lower to the ground . int . marnie 's toyota -- later 121 marnie drive up the Pacific Coast highway , window down , perfect weather , the sun glisten on the ocean . int . marnie 's toyota -- later 122 marnie park near the sand and open the glove compartment . Inside , a sealed urn . marnie take it out . 123 124 101 . ext . beach -- later 123 marnie walk across the sand , hold the urn . as she get closer to the water , she kick off she shoe . she step out into the ocean , she pants get wet up to she knee . it 's colder than the Atlantic . she unseal the urn . and talk to the horizon . marnie joey , I do not know if this be what you want . but it 's all I can do . she take the ash and begin to sprinkle they . the wave move around she , send he spirit out to sea . it 's over too quickly . voice ( 0.s. ) hold it right there . a voice echoe across the beach . marnie turn back to see a police car in the sand . a malibu cop ( 40s ) be make he way to she . it 's nobody she know . malibu cop what be that you be do ? marnie uh ... none of you business . malibu cop ma’am , this be a private beach . it 's illegal to be do what you be do . marnie you have gotta be kid I . malibu cop can you step out of the water please ? marnie I be a resident of great Los Angeles . and if you want I to get out of this ocean , you be just gonna have to come in here and drag I the hell out of it . int . holding area -- later 124 marnie be push into a seat , soaking wet . 125 126 127 102 . malibu cop think about who you one phone call be . he walk out , soaking wet , and shut the door on she . she sit and think about who she phone call will be . ext . jail -- later 125 marnie come down the jail step , look up , and stop to see Zipper stand by he motorcycle , smile . she look exhaust , but can not help but smile when she see he . ext . pacific coast highway -- later 126 marnie ride on the back of Zipper 's bike , she arm wrap around he waist . the sun be set and simply beautiful . ext . beach -- sunset 127 Zipper pull he motorcycle up to marnie 's Toyota , still park in the lot . she step off the bike . he cut the engine . they look at each other . the ocean sound nearby . marnie do you ever listen to beyonce ? zipper of course . marnie she have this song call '' I be here '' , have you hear it ? zipper I do not think so . marnie it go ... '' I wanna leave my footprint on the sand of time , know there be something that I leave behind . when I leave this world , I will leave no regret , to leave something to remember , so they will not forget '' . zipper that sound like a good one . 128 103 . marnie do you bail I out because you have to as a officer of the law ? zipper no , that 's actually the opposite of what I usually do . ( then ) I bail you out as a friend . she smile . then reach out and take hold of he hand . his thumb gently rub hers . she interlock finger . then : marnie do you want to go to a action movie sometime ? he look up at she . a smile spread across he tan face . zipper definitely . they look at each other . and suddenly , slowly , they lean in . he kiss she on the mouth , gently , but with fire behind it . they slowly pull away . they hand slide apart . marnie turn away , walk back to she car , smile the whole way . he watch she go , then '' kick -start '' he bike and ride off . int . marnie 's toyota -- moment later 128 marnie climb into the driver 's seat and shut the door . take a moment to realize she iphone be on the console where she leave it . she pick it up to see : lori voicemail ( 3 ) jillian voicemail marnie gasp , surprised . she quickly listen , in order . lori ( 0.s. ) Mom , where be you ? you leave in the middle of the night and I get worried . be you okay ? call I back when you get this . marnie beam brighter than we have ever see she . she hit the next voicemail . lori ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hey , it 's I , I hope you be not mad at I . maybe just text I and let I know that you get this . okay , love you . 104 . marnie 's eye well with happy tear . she hit the next voicemail . lori ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) okay , I be officially worried . where be you ? call I . this be weird . this be you daughter . she hit another voicemail . jillian 's voice come on . jillian ( 0.s. ) hey , marnie . it 's jillian . I be wonder if you could watch tehya for I today ... marnie 's eye shoot open . jillian ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) the nanny be sick and dani and I have this thing at seven .... marnie look at the clock . jillian ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) so if you could be here by then ... turn the ignition . and take off . marnie drop she phone . int . jillian 's house -- later / night 129 129 jillian open the door to see marnie panting , out of breath . jillian you be a lifesaver . jillian hug marnie , then shout into the house . jillian ( cont 'd ) we be leave ! ( then , to tehya ) grandma marnie be here ! dani ! Little tehya come run up to marnie . she bend down and tehya 's tiny arm wrap around she neck . it 's the great feel in the world . jillian ( cont 'd ) do you mind put she to bed ? tehya run up the stair to she room . marnie follow she . marnie sure . 130 int . tehya 105 . be room -- moment later 130 tehya kick around some toy , while marnie situate herself in a nearby rock chair . marnie what should we do ? you want I to tell you a story ? tehya yeah . tehya hand marnie a book . marnie oh , I know this . I use to read it to my lori . tehya peel open the page and marnie begin to read . tehya lie marnie ( cont 'd ) ( read ) '' the skin horse have live longer in the nursery than any of the other . he be so old that he brown coat be bald in patch and show the seam underneath , and most of the hair in he tail have be pull out to string bead necklace . he be wise , for he have see a long succession of mechanical toy arrive to boast and swagger , and by - and - by break they mainspring and pass away , and he know that they be only toy , and would never turn into anything else . for nursery magic be very strange and wonderful , and only that plaything that be old and wise and experience like the skin horse understand all about it . down in she lap . marnie clear she throat . marnie ( cont 'd ) ' what be real ?' ask the velveteen rabbit one day ... ' do it mean have thing that buzz inside you and a stick - out handle ? 's ' Real be not how you be make , ' say the skin horse . ' it 's a thing that happen to you . ( more ) 130 a 131 106 . marnie ( cont 'd ) when a child love you for a long , long time , not just to play with , but really love you , then you become Real . ' ' do it hurt ? ' ask the rabbit . ' sometimes , ' say the skin horse , for he be always truthful . ' when you be Real you do not mind be hurt . ' ' do it happen all at once , like be wound up , ' he ask , ‘or bit by bit ? ' ' it do not happen all at once , ' say the skin horse . ' you become . it take a long time . that 's why it do not happen often to people who break easily , or have sharp edge , or who have to be carefully keep . she have trouble read , keep the tear from she eye . marnie ( cont 'd ) generally , by the time you be Real , most of you hair have be love off , and you eye drop out and you get loose in the joint and very shabby . but this thing do not matter at all , because once you be Real you can not be ugly , except to people who do not understand . '' she stop . tehya more . she blink the tear away , then turn to the girl . and smile . open up the book again . marnie more . ext . los angele -- day - some time later 130a the sun be shine . another blue-sky day . marnie 's Toyota make its way down a tree-line street . int . marnie 's toyota -- continuous 131 marnie hold she cell phone in she hand , she daughter 's picture on the home screen . she look at the phone , wait for it to get service . 107 . no service . one bar . two bar . full bar . marnie pull up she list of favorite : lori and zipper . she choose lori . the phone ring and ring and then : lori ( 0.s. ) hey , it 's lori , leave a message . marnie wait for the beep . take a breath . marnie anyway ... I just want to see what you be up to and how you date go last night ... or whatever you say to call it ... I do not know how much longer I be gonna have service .... as marnie continue , credit begin to roll over her . marnie ( cont 'd ) Cause I be head to topanga to see my friend with the chicken , and also that new Jason statham movie about the guy who stop time . it look fabulous . and then I tell jillian that I would baby -sit tehya tomorrow , so I 'il be in the neighborhood if you want I to drop off any bagel .... fade to : black over black : credit continue . and so do marnie . marnie ( over black ) ( cont 'd ) «+ . or read to I what you be work on or whatever ... Cause I be think that maybe next weekend I might take a ride out to the desert maybe . not sure if I be gonna stay overnight , but .... it 's just something I have be think about .... see the desert .... and , you know , it 's right there , so .... anyway , call I . Love you . marnie think she 's hang up . but we still hear she . she start hum to herself . then , finally realize . marnie ( over black ) ( cont 'd ) ooh . marnie hang up .