save the last dance by duane G. adler revision by toni- Ann Johnson current revision by Cheryl Edwards ( 6/11/99 ) rewrite -- first set of revision cort / madden company paramount studios 5555 melrose Avenue Chevalier Building , ste. 203 Los Angeles , California JUNE 11 , 1999 fade in : 1 ext . pennsylvania countryside - long shot - day 1 of a empty stretch of land parte down the middle by railroad track . a amtrak commuter crest the horizon , head toward we . as it get closer , we go in tighter to see -- 2 face of SARA johnson 2 17 , press at one of its window . 3 reverse angle - reflection in train's window - 3 sara' face distant and lovely and sad . superimposed against a endless stream of sky and tree . the train speed up and SARA 's face fly by , disappear from frame . 4 int . amtrak train - moving - dusk 4 a zaftig black woman clumsily negotiate the aisle . stop at the first of a few empty seat leave in the car . woman this seat take ? angle on SARA look up , around . she shake she head , clear she backpack and magazine from the seat beside she . the woman drop down , settles in . a long silence . the woman glance at the american ballet magazine on Sara 's lap . tries to make conversation . woman I love ballet . never have the body for it . do you dance ? Sara fold she arm , turn away mumble under breath . SARA use to . Sara gaze out the window . the world outside begin to dissolve melting into image from another time , another place . her eye stare blankly out at we , blind by she memory . 2 . 5 flashback - int . auditorium - kindergarten recital - day 5 a stage full of five - year- old in tight and tutus . a little girl perform center stage . she 's remarkably poise , remarkably good . camera pan to the audience . a woman in a irish clover necklace spring to she foot clap loudly . the little girl 's eye catch the glint of the necklace 's gold . mommy . she flash a megawatt smile , end the dance with a unscript bow , as we ... dissolve to : 6 int . ballet CLASS - evening ( five year later ) 6 Young Sara , lithe and earnest , dance . a budd beauty bless with long limb and natural grace , she make it look easy . gliding past the envious stare of classmate , she scan the hall for a glint of gold . find it in the back of the room where she mother , glynn , stand watch she . they eye connect with mutual smile and that smile carry we to : 7 int . sara' exeter house - live room - day 7 a pair of flex foot in ballet slipper on a hardwood floor . pan up and pull back to reveal Sara at 17 , dance in the space open up by cornere furniture and roll up rug . as glynn look on , Sara complete the routine with a pirouette . she spin out of it with a preoccupy frown on she face . glynn what 's the matter ? it be good . SARA ( check she stance in mirror ) everybody there 's go to be good , Mom . I have to be better . ( then , beginning again ) my knee still knock when I do my free form . do you notice that ? glynn I notice that it be fine . SARA ( escalate frustration ) it 's not suppose to be fine . it 's suppose to be special . ( more ) ( continued ) 3. 7 continued : 7 SARA ( cont 'd ) and it just lay there , it do not do anything . I bet they notice that . that it do not do anything . that I do not do anything special enough to get in . glynn Sara . you will get in . SARA do not lie because you love I . my free form suck . glynn ( give up that battle ) I have get something for you . come on . sit. mouth close , eye shut . no pout . no peek . Sara flop down on the sofa beside she . close she eye . glynn remove the clover chain from she neck , fasten it around Sara 's . glynn for luck tomorrow . not that you will need it . you dance like a angel . the necklace be glynn 's talisman . Sara know what it mean to she . she throw she arm around glynn , hold onto she tightly . SARA I love the necklace but you be still the best luck I will ever have . glynn , not one to choke up , choke up . they cling to each other . 8 int . amtrak train ( moving ) - on SARA - dusk ( present ) 8 in the blink of she eye , the memory fade . she pull the window shade , shift in she seat . her finger travel to the clover necklace at she throat . linger . the woman regards she . woman Nice ... the necklace . ( continued ) 4. 8 continued : 8 SARA oh . it 's a good luck charm . do not always work . the woman 's wear a crucifix . she indicate it . smile . woman mine either . 9 flashback - int . / ext . bus / rural road - morning 9 a sea of young white face . a jock entertain the troops with two straw up he nose . Sara sit next to she best friend , lindsay , 17 . Lindsay , chomping on a wad of gum , turn from the jock to Sara with a bubble in bloom , burst it with she tooth . lindsay wanna pray ? you be leave for Philly after first period . I will not see you . we should pray . SARA ( stupefy ) Lindsay ... no . not here . Lindsay grab Sara 's hand and bow she head . Sara , embarrassed , align she head with Lindsay 's . she 's praying nobody see they . lindsay ' awesome , Father , s.j. audition today . she 's ready for they . please make they ready for she . even if she screw up . thanks . amen. ' ( sure shrug ; another bubble ) God 's get I outta all kind of shit . he oughta be able to get you into juilliard . 10 ext . exeter senior high school - later that morning 10 Sara exit with a bouquet of rose , take the step two and three at a time . glynn 's wait in a flower van at the curb . 5 . 11 int . / ext . flower van ( drive ) / residential street 11 Sara and glynn . the back of the van be fill with flower arrangement . glynn take note of the rose in Sara 's hand . glynn where would you get that , traitor ? SARA Ellison -- Mr. Ellison . he actually tell I to break a leg . glynn rose from the principal , even droopy , out - of - season yellow one , be beyond cool , kiddo . you be definitely movin ' up in the world . Sara look through the windshield . it 's start to drizzle . SARA know what would be great ? if you do not drop I off at the bus station . if we just keep go until we get to Philly . glynn ruin everyone 's Valentine 's Day and not have a shop when I get back . that 's you definition of great ? I can see the headline now : ' starve artist kill unfit mother . ' ( gently ) sweetheart , we talk about this . I will get there as soon as I can . Sara look at she and glynn instantly feel guilty . SARA right . this be the hardest , most important day of my life and all you can do be get there as soon as you can . thanks , Mom . 12 ext . greyhound bus station ( reading , PA ) - 12 continuous action glynn pull the van into the parking lot . smile at Sara . Sara do not smile back . she 's too angry . too scared . ( continued ) 6 . 12 continued : 12 SARA so I guess I will see you later . glynn I will not miss you audition , Sara . I will be there , okay ? if I have to swim the susquehanna , I will be there . SARA swim ? you can not swim , Mom . glynn I will float then . a moment . they look at each other . Sara finally smile . they embrace and she hop out the van . glynn call after she . glynn hey ... happy Valentine 's Day . 13 int . amtrak train ( moving ) - on SARA - night ( present ) 13 feign sleep . from the corner of she eye , she watch the woman beside she flip through the american ballet Magazine . we move back in time through they page . 14 flashback - int . university of pennsylvania - waiting 14 room - day Sara , in costume , flip through a magazine . she tap she toe , check she watch . a phalanx of parent and dancer be cluster around a sign post on the door : juilliard school of dance audition . Sara stare at it . re-check she watch . a official with a clipboard walk toward she . where 's she mother ? 15 int . univ . of pennsylvania - stage / auditorium - 15 moment later Sara on stage . she look past a row of juilliard judge into the audience . no glint of gold . mozart be " elvira madigan " ( andante ) cue up . Sara begin she technical . she transform she nervousness into a notable , powerful performance . the judge be mutely but clearly impressed . one of they look directly at she . ( continued ) 7. 15 continued : 15 judge be there anything you would like to share about you free form before you begin ? a motif ... a theme ? Sara 's stomach drop to she foot . her mother 's not there and she free form suck and she do not have a theme . shit ! SARA well , it 's um , pretty self - explanatory . the theme . the judge exchange a look . New music cue up . some drive , classical number . Sara try to elevate she body above the music , but she 's nervous , unsure on she foot . she keep glance in the back of the auditorium for glynn . search for she port in the storm . wonder where she mother be and know how badly she 's dance . know but somehow continue , stumbling , recover , and finally finish with that damned knock knee . the judge , eye like stone , perfunctorily nod . they equivalent of maybe next year . Sara choke two word out ... SARA thank you . 16 int . auditorium - backstage ... rushes backstage . Fighting tear , she hurry past wait dancer angrily unhook the clover leaf chain from she neck . 17 int . dressing room - day 17 Sara in street clothes . cram she ballet gear into a duffle bag when the official ( of the clipboard ) approach she . she touch Sara 's shoulder gently . say something we do not hear . 18 int . office ( univ . of PA ) - continuous action 18 shoot through office window . a state trooper in a rain slicker offer Sara a chair . she sit . the trooper talk . as he do , dread and disbelief spread over Sara 's face . she shake she head , attempt to stand . her leg buckle beneath she . the trooper and the official catch she as she fall . 8. 19 ext . amtrak train - night ( present ) 19 a glow moon in a clear , star-speck sky . 20 train 20 chug toward Baltimore 's Penn Station , which be visible in the f.g. 21 ext . pennsylvania turnpike - intercut - morning 21 a torrential rain . a flower van -- glynn 's van -- catch in it . shoot through the driver 's side window , we can see glynn 's face , intense and determine , squinting through the downpour . 22 train's wheel 22 grinding . 23 van' wheel 23 hydro -plane , slip-slide . 24 train 24 it 's squeal of brake as it maneuver into the station . 25 van 25 the squeal of its brake as glynn lose control and smashes into the back of the eighteen wheeler in front of she . 26 train 26 across space and time , the SOUND of squealing brake commingle as the amtrak commuter pull into Penn Station . 27 int . amtrak train - night 27 Sara . holding she breath , clenching she fist . wait for the sound to stop , oblivious to the stare of the woman beside she . 9 . 28 ext . penn station ( baltimore ) - platform - night 28 roy johnson , 37 , a handsome , laconic man of uncertain style , take a last drag from he cigarette , drop and stomp it . passenger disembark from the train . Roy search they face . they all look like stranger . 29 ext . amtrak train - same time 29 a conductor help Sara to the platform . steam from the train 's engine be suck into the fog . she walk through it . see he . they see each other . Roy weakly wave . walk toward she . Sara watch he bow leg stiffly advance . she want to run . can not . roy hi . SARA hi. roy have a good ride ? Sara self - consciously tuck she hair behind a ear . SARA slept through most of it . a beat . Roy look at she . roy guess you get stuff . baggage . SARA two suitcase . one big one . roy look like they be unload . -- you hungry ? we can stop somewhere if you want . SARA I be kinda tired . Roy take she backpack . they walk . 30 int . / ext . roy' pickup / STREET - SARA and roy - night 30 a heavy silence . Roy start to turn on the radio , stop himself . he light a cigarette , crack the window . ( continued ) 10 . 30 continued : 30 roy I do not like leavin ' you so soon after the funeral . I would not have if you have not ask I to go . I mean , I could have hang around . helped you say good - bye . that 's what you be doin ' , be not it ? SARA uh-huh . Roy take another drag , nod thoughtfully to himself . roy that 's what I figure you be doin' . Sara peer out the windshield . Baltimore City . the neighborhood be change . the street be get progressively gritty and dirty . it surprise she . it worry she . Roy worry she . roy look. Sara . I feel bad too . I mean , we both get hit by the same bolt of lightning . you do not have to pretend this be easy . ( off nothing ) everything 's upside down right now but do not worry . we will work this bachelor - father thing out . Hell , it be not like we be movin ' in with stranger . we get a pretty good idea about each other , right ? Sara look askance at he , she expression indicate otherwise . a moment . Roy 's too new at this to hold up both end of the conversation . the silence deepen . Roy switch on the radio . 31 ext . bond STREET ( south baltimore ) - night 31 Roy 's truck pull up to a string of disrepaire rowhouse with pristine white marble step . he and Sara each lug a suitcase from the truck . her eye wander up and down the street . they be on the fringe of a ghetto . a few people roost on they stoops , hang on the corner . all of they have black face . SARA think you be move to fell Point . roy fell through . 11 . 32 int . roy' apartment - night 32 the second floor of a two -story house have be turn into a one - bedroom studio . a partition separate the live area from the bedroom . Sara walk past a collection of saxophone and several frame picture of herself . aside from the saxophone and the picture , there 's hardly any furniture . Roy light a cigarette . roy not much of what you be use to . but the water 's hot and the fridge be full . and I make room in the closet for you . girl 's gotta have closet , right ? you even get you own bed . I will crash on the couch . SARA you buy a bed ? roy ( slight bow ) pardon I . you own futon . check it out . on the other side . suitcase in hand , Sara walk around the partition . her " room " be a old futon , a ancient set of drawer . she stand in the middle of nothing , want something to do . she remove frame photo of glynn from she backpack , place they around the room . 33 int . roy' apartment - live area - minute later 33 Sara walk in . do not see Roy . call out . SARA do you have a phone ? Roy emerge from the bathroom drying he hand , walk past she . roy of course I have a phone . SARA you do not at the last place . the last place I see anyway . roy thing change . you have change . you grow up on I . overnight . ( continued ) 12 . 33 continued : 33 SARA over the summer . you blow I off for some gig on the road , remember ? ( before he can respond ) can I call Lindsay ? let she know I get here alright . roy be you alright , Sara ? ( off the scowl in she eye ) I just wanna know how you feel . SARA I feel fine . I feel like call Lindsay . she 's a wall . a brick wall . Roy 's head aches from knock into it . he go to the couch . drop down . mutter at she . roy phone 's in the kitchen . knock yourself out . 34 int . sara' room / bathroom - late that night 34 Sara lie in bed ... wide awake ... she stiff upper lip quivering . she slip out of bed , creep on tiptoe into the bathroom . close the door oh-so-quietly behind she . she flip on the light , cross to the sink , turn on both faucet . as the water flow and the pipe rattle , the brick wall shatter . Sara crumble to the floor . bury she head in she arm . cries like a baby . 35 int . / ext . roy' pickup ( south baltimore ) - 35 next morning Roy and Sara . barrel through the south end , tongue stick in gear . a pop - tart grow cold on Sara 's lap . then , finally . SARA I can take the school bus . tomorrow . roy School bus ? that 's the other Oz , dorothy . Patterson kid ride the city Metro . or walk . ( continued ) 13 . 35 continued : 35 SARA well , I know how to do both . roy not around here you do not . not until you get the hang of thing . Sara look out the window at a full - fledge ghetto . it 's all to obvious , the hang of thing . Roy glance over at she . roy I call about you transcript . you be all set . Patterson 's get a pretty good humanity program . no ballet , but we can find a studio someplace close for after school -- SARA -- I do not think I will have time . I have to study , I will be busy . Roy can hear the lie behind she word . the pain too . he light a cigarette , crack the window . he want to say the right thing . roy good idea . take a break . not too long a break though . you be a dancer . you should dance . stay on top of you art . SARA like you stay on top of yours ? roy maybe I be not playin ' no grand ballroom or fancy jazz festival , but I be play . SARA ( unconvincingly ) I do not mean it like that . roy s'alright . Hell , I wish I have half the time I waste gettin ' waste . but that day be over . you will see . I get my life on track . 14 . 36 ext . patterson high school ( south baltimore ) - morning 36 formidably large and surprisingly well - keep , Patterson serve the nearby , predominantly black o'donnell Heights project . kid malinger outside on the front step and lawn . 37 from another angle - parking lot 37 Roy 's pickup pull in . Roy cut the engine . Sara look at he . or through he . she will not let he eye connect . SARA you do not have to go in with I . since I be all set . I mean , I have do this before . go to school . I will be fine . I be fine . really . Roy regards she with weary resignation . Sara climb out . he call after she . roy -- pick you up . Three - thirty . SARA ( over a shoulder ) yeah . sure . whatever . 38 ext . / int . patterson high - morning 38 Sara move toward we past a float mosaic of black face . this be a near out - of - body experience for she . she walk like a well - rehearse soldier in a stiff straight line to the school 's entrance . it 's clogge with student . Inside the doorway , two security guard flank a metal detector . when it 's Sara 's turn to pass through , one of the guard grab she backpack and wordlessly begin search it . he hand it back to she on the other side of the detector where Sara stand obtusely and mutely amaze . 39 int . administration build - morning 39 through a window , Sara seat across from a administrator . we push in . administrator ... it 's no fun be uproote in the middle of you senior year . we realize that and we will do what we can to help with the transition . ( continued ) 15 . 39 continued : 39 there 's a knock at door . mrs . gwynn , the guidance counselor , step in . the administrator introduce she to Sara . Sara regards Mrs. gwynn with polite petulance . mrs . gwynn any question ? concern ? SARA about school ? no . not really . mrs . gwynn not even about Baltimore ? SARA I be not gonna be here that long . besides , it 's just a city , right ? Mrs. gwynn look at she squarely . but the brick wall do not move a inch . Sara feel too safe behind it . 40 int . hallway - morning 40 clutch new textbooks , Sara start down the hallway . she 's hope nothing in she face reveal the rise panic in she heart . she 's surround . alone . every inch of she feel afraid . sara' Pov as she move forward . a crush of kide -- mostly black with a sprinkle of white and latino face throw in . kid like she . only they do not dress like she . they dress like commercial for Tommy hilfiger and calvin klein . and they definitely do not sound like she ... teenager # 1 yo , man , check it , the muthafucker be not playin ' , they be jackin' . ten ride in five day . for real . teenager # 2 fool get catch for real too . ten year in five day . stall that shit ! Sara walk on , take this netherworld in , eavesdropp on other conversation . it 's not just the word . it 's how they say they : loud. matter-of-fact . cool . a cooler cool . like they breathe static electricity . ( continued ) 16 . 40 continued : 40 that 's it ! the entire student body be energize . Sara 's thought be jolted by two black girl squeezing by . one clip Sara 's elbow as she pass , knock it against a locker . they keep go as if they do not see she . no one seem to see she . welcome to mass avoidance at Patterson High . 41 at sara' locker - later 41 Sara 's back be to a black girl stride purposefully toward she . chenille -- tall , pretty , with about a million braid in she hair -- swoops Sara 's backpack from the floor . thrusts it at she . chenille that 's how easy it be to give to charity around here . do not put you shit on the floor . SARA ( caution a smile ) thanks . she close she locker , start to say something else . she 's eager to make a friend . one friend . but chenille 's go . 42 another corridor 42 Sara memorize the schedule of class in she hand . she pass a clutch of student who surround a kid in the middle like a horseshoe . Sara get a fleeting glimpse of he . sara' Pov - patrick reynold Eye candy : tall . Dark . heartbreakingly handsome . if Patterson be a monarchy , Patrick would be king . he sure hold court like one , turn on he dazzle smile and abundant charm for the crowd . one get the sense that the all - american Home Boy be almost as enrapture with himself as the sycophant around he . 43 int . jurasinski's classroom - morning 43 the room 's see better day . probably better teacher too . mr. jurasinski look out at he american literature class and see nothing but tenure . ( continued ) 17 . 43 continued : 43 jurasinski in cold blood represent a turn point in we country 's literature . take the cap off and tell I why that be , Mr. ricard . wider to include the class . favor " snookie " ricard . we recognize he from the hallway kid wrap up in Patrick . snookie , a flagrant Patrick wannabe , sit next to he now . he remove he baseball cap . thoughtfully twirl it on a finger . he truly believe he 's be profound . snookie Gay rights . that compote dude who write it ? sweet tooth . straight - up fag , Mr. J. jurasinski thank you , Mr. ricard . you genius grant be in the mail . anyone else ? no volunteer . jurasinski look for someone to put on the spot . see the new girl in a back corner . Johnson . he get into she line of sight . the class shift in they seat , peeping she . jurasinski ms ... Johnson . you can catch up later . if this be over you head . everyone look at she . the way kid look at new kid . SARA it 's a non-fiction novel . the first of its kind . Capote mix true event with thing he could not know , so he make they up . a small murmur go up . over this , the voice of a dissenter . patrick ( o.s. ) White folk back then feel safe . Capote scared them . he take hard core crime out the ghetto and drop it in America 's back yard . that 's what make the book special . ( continued ) 18 . 43 continued : 43 Sara crane to see he . God . it 's pretty -boy . he 's sit on the other side of the classroom . look ... pretty . look at she . he have nice eye . not that she notice . SARA yeah . that be part of it . patrick that 's all of it . Capote be not first . Richard wright and James baldwin do the same thing . be not nobody tryin ' to read they though . SARA lot of people read they . a defensive save . Patrick see right through it . patrick lot of people like who ? you ? hello . do not think so . snookie Mr. J .! girl need to bone up . give she a pass to the lib'ary . the room erupt in laughter . on SARA flushed in the face . embarrass . piss . angle widen as jurasinski quiet the class . then . jurasinski she can have you pass , Mr. ricard . since you obviously never use it . 44 int . hallway outside of cafeteria - noon 44 lunchtime . pick up Sara among a cattle drive of boisterous student . 45 cafeteria - food line - later 45 hundred of voice unleash in pure , unadulterate teenage cacophony . Sara 's in a queue of kid , work she way down the line . ( continued ) 19 . 45 continued : 45 she 's as invisible and anonymous as ever . camera track she from the line , to the cashier , into the heart of the dining hall . she stand with a food tray , look for a place to sit . her Pov table clique of the cafeteria . series of sweeping shot 46 jock table 46 two table push together . full . 47 nerd table 47 barely , pathetically populate but surprisingly diverse . 48 hip - hop table 48 loud , overflow , fun . King Patrick and he loyal subject horse around . 49 popular table 49 over which a glacial beauty we will come to know as nikki davis preside . Girls only . 50 white table notable for its glaring absence of color . a girl we will come to know as toni sit there . and then pushing in on -- 51 chenille's table 51 she 's there with a group of girl who eschew pretense . they , like chenille , be rugge and regular . they know who they be . end of series of sweeping shot . 20 . 52 angle on SARA 52 eyeing chenille 's table . screw up courage as she approach it . she get there but two black girl be faster . they sit down in the only empty seat . Sara back off , invisible again . on chenille glimpsing Sara from the corner of she eye as Sara walk away . 53 at nerd ' table - later 53 time have pass . the cafeteria be half as full , half as noisy . Sara sit among the nerd , a friendly if verbose group . she 's try to eat but a snooze button be talk she to death ... wonk ... I know you be new to the table , but think about it . we be the y2k generation and nobody take we seriously . we do not take ourselves seriously . just look around . half the student body be d.o.a . -- and that 's from the neck up , Clara . SARA Sara . it 's Sara . chenille ( o.s. ) yeah . it 's Sara . and you be boring she from the ear down . Sara look up , surprised to see chenille stand there . she flash a know smile at she , indicate Sara 's tray . chenille you finish ? Sara leap up with a quick , grateful nod . beat a hasty retreat from the table . as she and chenille walk through the cafeteria , Sara shudder with relief . she feel rescue . SARA God ! thank you ! ( continued ) 21 . 53 continued : 53 chenille ( laugh ) gotta watch where you sit , girl . and it 's chenille . but you be still welcome . let 's catch some air before the bell ring . 54 ext . quad - moment later 54 Sara follow chenille into the " quad , " four square off section outside the cafeteria . there be a few dry - rotted picnic table scattered around . other kid -- and they run the gamut -- be see in clot , sneaking smoke ... horsing around ... make out . sara' Pov - kide of quad and over the sound of hip - hop music , a pair of foot . move . Dancing . camera pan up to reveal nikki . she 's demonstrate some move to the girl from the popular table . nikki 's dance she ass off , show off . back to scene SARA what 's it call ? what she 's do ? chenille a dance . SARA ( a look ; know that ) no , I mean ... the step , the ... she trail off as she catch someone in the corner of she eye . she turn away from chenille , gradually focus on -- patrick play card with snookie at one of the picnic table . he glance up to see Sara . glowering at he . he grin . Sara roll she eye , turn away . mutter loudly to herself . SARA asshole . ( continued ) 22 . 54 continued : 54 chenille asshole beaucoup . in this crowd , you gotta be more specific . SARA ( covertly indicate Patrick ) he 's in one of my class . thinks he 's so ... smart . so cute . chenille I do not know about cute but he be smart . Real smart . Real trip , too . SARA so you know he ? chenille Patrick reynold ? Hell yeah , I know he . he 's my brother . chenille wait for Sara to swallow she tongue . enjoy a laugh . angle shift to patrick as nikki approach he . sexy , standoffish and conceit , she 's the stuff of wet dream and futile long . she sit down next to Patrick . Close to he . snookie watch she , much amused . nikki you comin ' tonight ? Patrick keep play he hand . responds very coolly . patrick gotta work . nikki you already skip three meeting . ( as he 's ignore she ) be it because of I ? everybody on the committee think it 's because of I . us. ( infuriate by he silence ) look , Patrick . regardless . ( more ) ( continued ) 23 . 54 continued : 54 nikki ( cont 'd ) you be in charge of the music . I be in charge of the prom . so show up . do not make I fire you ass . Fighting word . snookie hold he breath . Patrick throw out a card , turn slowly to nikki with a wither stare in he eye . patrick you already fire my ass , nikki . once and do . over . out . ' bye . she stalk off . snookie oogle she departure , peer at Patrick , about to say something . Patrick cut he off , indicate card . patrick hit I and shut the hell up . snookie I 'ma shut up ... after I say it be real frigid ' round here since y'all break up . ' specially since she break up with you . that be harsh , way she cancel you ass like a stamp for that Howard U dude . but they shit 's over . now might be the time to forget mistake that be make . shoot . you be with the girl since ninth grade . patrick why you sweatin ' I , snookie ? snookie ( pound he heart ) ' Cause I be about you , man . I want a happy end . aww , shit . tuck a ' duck . here he come . the hood of the ' hood , up to no good . there Pov malakai rhinehart , 17 , head toward they . powerfully build and edgy with insolence , malakai be like a tightly - wound coil -- you never know when he 's go to snap . angle widen and we see Patrick be happy to see he . he and malakai grin at each other . knock handshake . ( continued ) 24 . 54 continued : 54 malakai Medicine man ... snookie ( interject himself ) do I tell you , malakai , man , how chill it be to have you back ? we be not be bad without cha . malakai shut the fuck up and step you lame ass off , snookie . you hear I . Space . snookie haughtily , comedically oblige . a moment . patrick what happen to you at lunch , man ? malakai Business . short-hand . Patrick understand it , nod . malakai slip the cigarette from behind he ear , openly light and start smoking it . camera track they walk back toward Patterson . patrick so you be hangin ' in , man ? feelin ' strong about be back ? malakai not at this motherfucker . out a week and where be I ? Fucking home sweet high school . jail away from jail . you can have it . patrick you gonna stay though . right ? malakai judge say it 's school or juvee and I sure as hell be not goin ' back there . shit . I never know a year could be such a long time . a flash of commiseration , of guilt , cross Patrick 's face . they be at the door now . most of the kid have go . malakai put he cigarette out on the floor as they step in . ( continued ) 25 . 54 continued : 54 patrick you up for some hoop after school ? break you free-throw back in . chump the chump like we use to . malakai up for it ? Hell - the-fuck yeah , man . let 's do it . 55 ext . patterson high - that day ( after school ) 55 Sara exit with chenille . a car horn start to blare . both of they ignore it . but it go on like a musical number . Sara get a sink feel that drop like a stone when she look across the street . Roy 's park at the curb , wait for she . she roll she eye and he honk again . then he wave at she . wave ! chenille look at Sara . then at Roy . chenille that 's you old man ? now he 's cute . SARA he 's embarrassing . chenille ( laugh ) yeah . he be . for you . 56 int . / ext . roy' truck - continuous action 56 Sara climb in , slam the door . Roy look over at she , unaware of how annoyed she be with he . she 's a clench fist inside . roy how would it go ? SARA Fine . ( as he pull off ) tomorrow I catch the bus . 57 int . roy' apartment - sara' " room " - night 57 Sara 's move the partition around , try to make she room more like a room . try to build another wall between she and Roy . ( continued ) 26 . 57 continued : 57 roy ( o.s. ) hey , Sara . c'mere a minute . Sara let out a heavy sigh . what do he want ? SARA what ? roy ( o.s. ) just come here . she walk into the kitchen . Roy 's in front of the open freezer door . grinning from ear to ear . he motion she over . Sara cross to the freezer . look inside . insert - inside freezer it 's full of freeze dinner . they be in unruly , lopsided stack . back to scene Roy regards she expectantly . roy hungry and healthys . I ask at the market . they be the best . so . what do you feel like ? ( whimsically ) Lamb chop suey ? tropical tuna ? primavera paradise ? SARA I have a big lunch . Roy , deflate , close the freezer door , trail she into the live area . Sara 's clenching again . there 's no escape he . roy what do you wanna do ? you wanna hang out with I ? go to my gig . you can if you want . SARA it 's a school night , Roy . roy right . School night . get it . 27 . 58 int . roy' apartment - live room - SARA - later 58 Roy 's go . Sara take she first good look around . a mess . it drive home where she be . what she 's lose . it 's overwhelming . 59 int . roy' apartment - kitchen - close on empty t.v. 59 dinner tray - night a empty beer bottle , one askew kitchen chair . vestige of Roy 's meal . angle widen as Sara enter . she open the freezer to unearth a dinner and start a avalanche of fall food . a box of sugar puff cereal land at she foot . something else out of place . she pick it up , jam everything back into the freezer . slam the door shut . SHOCK CUT to : 60 SARA 60 in a whirlwind , clean the apartment . Wall to wall . scrub away what 's churn up inside . the dervish end in she " room , " where she finish unpack . several layer into a suitcase , she come to she ballet shoe . the sight hit she like a slap in the face . Sara stare at the shoe until she eye blur . then she snatch they up and entomb they deep inside she closet . 61 ext . o'donnell height public housing project - 61 morning Patrick , chenille , snookie straggle through the dreary jungle of concrete lawn and blight high rise on the way to school . it 's quiet now but the scar of past battle , like the bomb out police substation on one of its corner , be evident everywhere . snookie I need a date -- chenille why ? you hand busy ? snookie -- for the prom . and if it be not for that kinda undue attitude , you could be the lucky girl , chenille . my personal prom queen . I can see we now . ( continued ) 28 . 61 continued : 61 chenille you must be lookin ' in you dream . snookie glance at Patrick . he 's somewhere else . snookie help I , man . defend I . patrick I get my own problem , snook . snookie what problem ? you goin ' to college . Doctor college after that . you large , man . patrick I be not gonna be doctor nothin ' if I do not get in and I be not in ' till I get my letter . chenille it 's in the mail , Patrick . okay ? snookie ( wishfully think ) I probably coulda be a doctor too . if I have not get leave back that time . chenille that time ? what ? fifth and sixth grade do not count ? Patrick finally laugh . then he face change . become serious . he hop a low wall , keep in stride above they . they continue on like this , the ruin of they world in the b.g. behind they . 62 int. / ext CITY bus / baltimore street - morning 62 the bus be cramme with kid . Sara , seat by a window , do not bother look out . Inside 's more interesting . the kid cut up . sing , rapping , and jousting with each other . some even manage to read . Sara watch with immunity . she 's invisible to they . 63 ext . bus stop ( near patterson high ) - morning 63 Sara alight just as Patrick , chenille , and snookie walk past . Patrick 's the only one to see she and they eye briefly connect . 29 . 64 int . hallway near entrance ( patterson high ) - 64 continuous action Patrick and chenille pass through metal detector , watch snookie clown he way through . the security guard shake he head . all three begin to walk . snookie , bob and jiving , do not see Mrs. gwynn come up from behind . her voice stop he cold . mrs . gwynn ( as Patrick and chenille look on ) Light on you foot ? good . be sure they dance into my office next week . she mosey on . snookie regards Patrick 's smile , shake he head . 65 int . chemistry lab - later that morning 65 the class have don lab coat and be ready to begin when Sarah rush in . she try to slink into a seat . the teacher , mr. hill , give she a disapprove look , point at one of several formulas ( c2 , h6 , o2 ) on the blackboard . Sara just look at he mr. hill we be cooking today , Ms. Johnson . this be you first lab . you will need a partner . Mr. reynold -- Patrick -- will show you the rope . Patrick bounce a smile off unsettle Sara . this should be fun . 66 int . chemistry lab - minute later 66 the class , in safety goggle and glove , have partner up . angle on SARA and patrick he 's hold two vial . Sara pick up a beaker . stare at the blackboard . she have no idea -- and no intention of admit it . patrick ( very casually ) that 's too big . she glint at he , grit through she tooth . ( continued ) 30 . 66 continued : 66 SARA I know it 's too big . she put the beaker down . pick up a vial . flip through she textbook . her eye shift from it to the blackboard , try to make a connection . she settles on one . pick up a vial of powder . Patrick grab she hand , lean over and whisper . patrick I would not do that if I be you . SARA ( yank she hand back ) who die and make you teacher ? Patrick pull back , look at she . he can not believe she diss he . a small smile form on he face . Sara turn away from it , go back to she vial . Patrick slide to the farthest end of the table . watch she consternation with bemusement . patrick know the difference between ethyl glycol and methyl acetate ? both get three element , two part the same . it 's that first part , c2 versus c3 . c3 could blow a vial right out a person 's hand . Sara think he 's mess with she . but then the content of the beaker begin to ominously bubble . panicked , she drop the vial into they sink . it instantly go up in smoke . some of the liquid splashes on Sara 's lab coat . Patrick grab a wet towel , quickly wipe it off . the class stop cold . Hill rush up to they . once he 's sure Sara 's fine , he look sternly at Patrick . mr. hill what happen ? everybody back in you seat ! Patrick stare at Sara . her face be red . she 's bite she lip . patrick I misread the component . mr. hill ( even more angry now ) you ? you misread a component . do not give I that , Patrick . you be screwin ' around ! ( continued ) 31 . 66 continued : 66 Hill 's tone be searing . he turn to Sara . she 's try to say something but the word will not come out . Hill regards she wearily , then walk off push the curious class back to they station . Sara look at Patrick , weakly mouth " thanks . " 67 int . gymnasium - night 67 over the sound of grunting ... OPEN close on a girl 's plump ass . squirm in too-tight gym short that hug the cheek . angle widen to reveal a stout white girl on a balance beam . try to get she leg to stand up on it . hanging on for dear life . from somewhere around she , a whistle blows . teacher ( o.s. ) alright , Ms. digg . time ! widen to see the teacher and she class ( favor Sara , chenille , and nikki ) . amid snicker , the stout girl ( " diggy " ) slide off the beam , walk past the teacher with she head demurely cast down . clear the teacher , diggy pivot around , both middle finger in the air . give up the double bird with much attitude . the class love it . cheer it . until the teacher swerve around . 67 series of close cut 67 chenille on balance beam . competent but average . nikki on balance beam . agile . self -assure . good . ... and then tighter still on Sara . tentatively approach the balance beam . mindful of all the eye on she , all the bate breath . all wait to see the new girl fall on she ass . Sara swing herself onto the beam with aplomb . her leg and body be strong , supple , pliable rubber band . she flounce across it on she tiptoe . do a flawless split . hop off . look out . sara' Pov - teacher and CLASS reacting with shock and surprise . awed . except for nikki . she stand there with she arm fold . simmer . envious . 68 patterson high - end of school that day 68 Sara . head down the step with other student . chenille and diggy break through the logjam , catch up to she . ( continued ) 32 . 68 continued : 68 chenille girl , how you get you leg to twist like that ? diggy ( wildly gesticulate ) yeah . what be all that double - jointed cheerleader shit ? chenille this be diggy . thinks she 's down . diggy egg-cuse I ? I be down . chenille so , Sara . what 's up with that ? SARA ( awkwardly ) nothing 's up with it . I use to kind of dance . ballet . mostly . chenille make a impressed face . regards Sara curiously . chenille you should hit feetz with we tomorrow night . it 's a club . sorta member only . diggy un-der-ground . SARA I do not know ... chenille come on and hang out . snook dee 's sometime . he can get you in . ( yell ) yo , snook Sara see snookie ... then Patrick ... lope she way . she steel herself . he 's go to say something , crack some joke about she nearly blow he up . but Patrick just stare at she with a twinkle in he eye . a nice twinkle . Sara 's not entirely immune to it . chenille break they eye play , push Patrick aside . she grab snookie 's arm , indicate Sara . ( continued ) 33. 68 continued : 68 chenille she need to get hook up for feetz . all the way up . Sara , give snook twenty dollar . SARA for what ? snookie i.d. eye-dee . how you think you gettin ' in ? on you look ? ( roll he eye ) chenille , you girl be weak . shit . I get my rep to watch . I can not just be gettin ' any green in . Sara glare . regards snookie with a sweeping scowl . SARA look closer . and if I still look green , I think maybe you should wipe the crust from you eye . snookie 's jaw drop . Patrick crack up . diggy too . chenille 's stay on point . she 's about solving the problem . chenille you gonna pay the man or what ? snookie she be not get it . look at she . loud-talkin ' I and break as a damn promise . Sara , put on the spot , pull out the money . snookie snatch it . SARA I do not even know where it be . chenille so we will hook up at my house . go together . I will have you i.d . snookie shrug affirmatively . Patrick look directly at Sara . the twinkle in he eye be go , replace by fair warning . patrick feetz be not no square dance . SARA that 's okay . I dance in circle . probably around you . 34 . 69 int . roy' apartment - sara' room - night 69 Roy walk in to see Sara on the futon in she pajamas read a book . she 's get a head full of roller . roy I be splittin' . ( as she barely look up ) whatcha readin ' ? SARA chemistry . roy you be takin ' chemistry ? SARA right now it 's take I . roy give yourself some time . well . see ya in the mornin ' . maybe I will call between set . Sara really look up . give he a angelic , sluggish shrug . SARA I will be asleep . he leave . as soon as Sara hear the front door close , she jump up , strip down to bra and panty , race to the closet . one hand rip the roller from she hair , the other rip through outfit . she 's frantic and unsure about choose the right one . 70 ext . " black " STREET ( south baltimore ) - night 70 Sara . in a skin-tight miniskirt and a bolero jacket . look more eighty than ninety , more cute than cool . she walk with tentative , jittery purpose down this poverty stricken street . do not meet anyone 's eye . but can feel the eye on she . she keep go . she 's walk too far to turn back . 71 ext . o'donnell height project - SARA - night 71 approach the malignant edifice as the Heights begin to come to life ... or death , depend how luck 's run . Sara walk into this world of shadow and despite a trepidation , find something fascinating about the possibility of real danger . 35 . 72 ext . / int . reynold apartment / hallway - night 72 chenille triple unlock the door , let Sara in . Sara 's surprised -- the apartment be surprisingly quaint and extremely neat . it look a helluva lot better than Roy 's place . chenille be dress in hugely baggy military - style pants and a tube top with a form -fitting , short - cut leather coat over it . Sara take it in . SARA cool outfit . chenille slammin ' . slammin ' outfit . SARA ... I look okay ? chenille give she the once over . decide to lie . chenille yeah . you look okay . ( then ) moma Dean . I be leavin ' . from another angle grandmomma dean enter with a toddler ( " christopher " ) in she arm . she sport snow white , waist - length dread and she 's wear a dashiki lounger . despite she white lock , she do not look old enough to be a grandmother . she hand Christopher to chenille . inspect Sara . her eye be open , kind . chenille ( fussing over Christopher ) grandmom , Sara . Sara , grandmom . also know as momma Dean . and handsome here be Christopher . SARA hi. momma dean hello . now do not get he all rile up , chenille . I want to get some sleep tonight . chenille kiss Christopher , hand he off to momma Dean . they exit . Sara look tentatively at chenille . SARA be that ... be he ... yours ? chenille he sure be not momma dean' . 36 . 73 int . / ext . cab / STREET ( moving ) - SARA and chenille 73 - night they have be talk . well , chenille have . Sara 's be listen . intently . like this confidence they be share . chenille ... he will be one in July . best mistake I ever make . Kenny -- Christopher 's father -- he 's the worst . triflin ' . okay ? 74 ext . 6th and broadway ( east baltimore ) - night 74 a curbe cab . Sara and chenille get out . chenille dig into she pocketbook , hand Sara she i.d. push in on photo of obese white girl with a untamed trailer trash perm . Sara 's eye go wide . SARA chenille . she 's ugly . she 's fat ! chenille she 's twenty - one too . I be not get all night . let 's hop . SARA wait . I have to ask you something . ( hard for she ) do I really look alright ? a unspoken thing pass between they . chenille suddenly whip off she coat . gesture at Sara with she head . chenille gimme that ' 89 madonna shit . you jacket . give it here . Sara take off the bolero . chenille tie it around she own neck , then yank Sara 's miniskirt down around she hip . Sara 's torso be clad in a long -sleeve cotton tee . chenille frown at it . SARA it 's from the gap . chenille it 's country . you look country in it . take it off . SARA I be not walk in there in my bra . ( continued ) 37 . 74 continued : 74 chenille thrust she leather coat at she . Sara can not believe what she 's do , get ( un ) dress on a public street ! she pull off the tee , slip on chenille 's coat . button it as far as the button go . look down . half she chest be expose . 75 ext . alley ( east baltimore ) - SARA and chenille - night 75 gain on what look like a abandon warehouse . chenille snort at the roped off queue of kid wait to get inside . chenille rope dope . c'mon . she lead Sara to the door of feetz . the sumo-size man guard it know chenille , dig she . his grin expose gold - cap tooth . doorman chenille . lookin ' fine . as always . chenille too fine to stand in line ? the man grin , open the rope , let they in -- " in " be just inside the front door . a bouncer there collect the $ 10.00 cover charge . check they i.d . he hand Sara 's back with a smirk . bouncer change you hair . he wave a metal detector over they body , nod to yet another bouncer who escort Sara and chenille through yet another door . 76 another angle 76 they march a short distance to a old elevator where a group of kid wait . bouncer # 2 engage the elevator . everyone pile in . 77 int . elevator - continuous action 77 Sara hold onto she stomach as the creaky elevator descend and the music below rise . the elevator 's vibrate with music . ( continued ) 38 . 77 continued : 77 SARA ( a inside to chenille ) can not get much more underground than this . 78 int . feetz club - continuous action 78 a smoky hole in the wall , fill to the brim with kid . mostly black kid with a few white and latino melting in . they share a common goal : to clog the dance floor , flaunt they outfit and get nasty with the music of the master : tupac shakur , nas , lauryn Hill , puff daddy , etc . here , the boundary of dirty dance be push , from erotic to vulgar ; loving to lascivious . another angle Sara and chenille . Sara 's excited . she love that she have to shout to be head over the music . chenille let 's get we table ' fore it get crash and I hafta hurt somebody . Sara 's bewilder . she do not see any table . she follow chenille to the back of feetz . see six or seven table . all of they have reserve sign . most of they be fill . SARA what be you , some kind of v.i.p .? chenille indicate the deejay booth . snookie 's in it . chenille snook hook I up whenever he dee . they walk past a slacker in lycra pants and a big Army shirt . he lick he tongue at chenille , grab at she protrude butt . she swirl around , grab he crotch hard enough to get he attention . the slacker be squirming in she clutch . slacker aw 'right , aw'right . you get it . chenille get what ? ( more ) ( continued ) 39 . 78 continued : 78 chenille ( cont 'd ) ( as he can not think of anything but the squeeze on he ball ) the right to walk past you greasy , tickle dick self without you paw on my ass ? ' s' that how I get it ? chenille bob she head right in he face . Sara can not believe it . a few people have stop and be look . the slacker nod hastily . chenille release he , gently smoothes out he shirt . chenille that 's how I think I have it . ( a fly wave ) see ya . she and Sara continue on to back - of - the-club table . stop at a reserve one . a adjacent table sport nikki , she three girl crew ... and diggy . all nurse drink . nikki snake - eye Sara . nikki what be up with this place ? seem like they be lettin ' anybody in . chenille yeah . and they start with you . the three girl and diggy snicker . nikki give chenille a look . turn back to Sara with a snide smirk . point out she crew . nikki I be nikki . alyssa . jasmin . tiff'nee . you know diggy , right , Marsha ? SARA Sara . it 's Sara . and I know you . we have a class together . nikki that do not mean you know I . chenille quit it , nikki . nikki quit what ? I be not walkin ' on eggshell just ' cause you bring the brady bunch to the negro Club . ( continued ) 40 . 78 continued : 78 SARA ( kiss - my - ass polite ) maybe you come to the wrong spot , nikki . I be pretty sure this one do not have any negroes . chenille crack up mainly to back Sara up . nikki glower at she . nikki I be pretty sure you come with one . chenille oh , no . uh-uh , wench . you do not just call I a negro . as chenille buck , diggy spring up from she seat , run she arm in the space between chenille and nikki like a referee . diggy alright , y'all . chill . nikki tell she to chill . she always get something ' to say . chenille I can say a lot more . keep runnin ' you mouth , nikki . I will lay all you shit bare . whatever shit it be , nikki 's not take any chance . she eject herself from the table , walk off . the three girl scoot loyally after she . diggy get up . sit down at Sara 's and chenille 's table . diggy go with the flow . that 's why she always fit in . diggy why you burn she like that ? chenille ' Cause I can not stand she ass and the way she play my brother . I need a drink , Sara . let 's walk . 79 int . feetz - entrance - same time 79 Patrick and malakai enter with two high school dropout we will learn be arvel and lip . female flock to flirt with Patrick and malakai , who both swell like sponge , soaking up the attention . 41 . 80 int . feetz - bar - same time 80 chenille push she way to the bar , tug Sara along . a tall , angular twenty - something man on the far side of the bar see she . she see he . suck she tooth , nudge Sara . chenille that 's he . comin ' over . Kenny ? do not look . so of course Sara do . she make a silly face at chenille as Kenny sidle up to she . chenille roll she eye half - heartedly . kenny ( man ) what 's up ? chenille where 's my money , Kenny ? kenny I be a little short this week . do not jump off . it 's comin' . chenille it 's comin ' ? no. you lyin' . kenny lemme rap to you about the situation on the dance floor . she shake she head firmly but she eye do tell . she 's in love with he . enough to let he whisper in she ear , sweet - talk she away from the bar . before she 's swallow up by the crowd , chenille turn back to Sara , shout : chenille rum and Coke . no ice . hook I up . on patrick split off from malakai and a girl cling to he . he 's walk through when nikki appear from nowhere , grab he arm . nikki let 's dance . patrick ( pull away ) let 's not . ( continued ) 42 . 80 continued : 80 nikki oh ? it 's gonna be like that . patrick how would you think it be gonna be ? that you be gonna drop I and pick I up whenever you feel like it ? nikki it be not all that serious , Patrick . patrick it be not anymore , nikki . not to I . he walk off . camera track he go deep inside the club . he want a drink . he 's almost at the bar when he see chenille on the dance floor with Kenny . she shrug a smile , then cock she head over at the bar . toward Sara . the look be like , help I out . do not let I leave she hangin' . Patrick roll he eye as he glance at Sara , before he really see she . she look fly . hugely fly . he amble up as she shout into the bartender 's ear . SARA rum and Coke , straight up . and a beer . I do not care . anything . patrick ( o.s. ) bad choice . ' anything . ' the closeness of he voice startles she . she turn into he smile . that cocksure , leave them - weak -in- the-knee smile . SARA it 's just a beer . patrick then it should be the best beer . you would know that if you really drank . Sara 's knee straighten , she spine stiffen . the asshole 's back . SARA whatever . patrick what 's that mean ? whatever . ( continued ) 43. 80 continued : 80 SARA whatever you want it to mean . you be the whiz kid , right ? you know everything . patrick ( chuckle at this , at she ) not everything . like I do not know why we be standin ' still . ( closer with a teasing whisper ) I be suppose to be dizzy by now . remember ? from all that circle you dance around I . Sara lean against the bar . the knee be go again . SARA I do not feel like dance . patrick but you do know how ...? SARA would I be here if I do not ? patrick ... let 's do it then . c'mon . he coax she onto the dance floor . parliament funk classic " flashlight " be play . the dance crowd be robustly sing the refrain to the song . there 's a party on the floor . favor Sara and Patrick , face each other . he 's move already . she start to dance , stiffly , tentatively . Patrick smile at she . shake he head . he grab she hand , swing they in time to the music . patrick now move you hip . not so fast . ( as Sara look lose ) Sara ! just like we hand . ( sing , in sync with the crowd ) ' flashlight ! neon light ! stop light ! everybody get a little light under the sun . ' the music 's beginning to feel good to Sara . Patrick let go of she hand . start to dance . Sara watch he intensely , she body follow he stiffly . Patrick 's a good teacher . he lead without leave she . whenever she miss a complicated move , he smoothly segues into another less - complicated one . ( continued ) 44 . 80 continued : 80 Sara begin to pick - up on Patrick 's rhythm . her eye never wander from he . and then she start to feel something else . they both do . a rise beat . a quicken heart . and not from the dance . she smile bashfully at he . Patrick suddenly grab she around the waist , pull she to he in a sexy spoon dance . all Sara can do be try to keep up and hang on . from another angle nikki avidly watch Sara and Patrick with jasmin and tiff'ny . jasmin she 's all up in you nut , nikki ... oh , that 's right . it be not you nut anymore . nikki it be if I want it to be . he be if I want he to be . that bitch be not get shit on I . the girl regard she in conspicuous , dubious silence . nikki maintain she cool but inside she pride be prick . 81 int . feetz - same time 81 malakai and the cling girl nuzzle in a back corner . she lick he ear , whisper into it . malakai laugh . then he expression abruptly darken . a storm cloud come over it . he get up . malakai be Pov - walking toward ... two dealer a few foot away . they be talk to a asian guy with a multi-color Mohawk . one slip Mohawk a packet of coke , the other take he money . wider as malakai reach the dealer . he do not explain , do not complain . he just start swinging . SARA and patrick the music change and they dance end . they stand there for a moment , a little catch up in each other . a little unsure of the moment . and then there 's a scream ! several of they actually . Patrick react to it instinctively . look around . in a small pocket of the club he see malakai . ( continued ) 45 . 81 continued : 81 patrick be Pov - malakai in full fisticuff with the two dealer . holding he own . on patrick leave Sara , slice through a clot of looky - loos until he reach malakai . he jump into the fray . int . feetz - fight - patrick and malakai a thick crowd around they , proceed to beat the live shit out of the two dealer . angle on SARA and chenille wrangle they way to the front line of the crowd , diggy not far behind they . Sara look on , dumbfounded and dazzle by what she see , which be -- patrick pummel he dealer into cower submission . only then do he look over at malakai who , eye engorge with rage , be stand over he opponent , kick and stomping he with no sign of let up . Patrick can see malakai 's too far go for talk . he rush he from behind , nearly lift malakai off he foot to swing he away from the dealer 's writhe body on the floor . 82 ext . feetz - outside vestibule - continuous action 82 the exit door burst open and Patrick and malakai tumble out . Patrick bend over , cup he knee as he catch he breath . patrick man , what the hell be you doin ' ? tryin ' to get send back up ? malakai they the one tryin ' shit . comin ' here . squarin ' off in my shit . patrick you could not let it slide ? ( continued ) 46 . 82 continued : 82 malakai let it slide tonight , they come back strong tomorrow . you know that . patrick malakai , you fuck up parole , you be not gonna back to juvee . eighteen and up , that 's jessup . hardcore lockdown . you want that ? malakai ( regards he coldly ) I want what be mine . feetz be my spot . I 'ma do business here just like I do before . like we do before . and if I gotta stomp some nigger in my way , so be it . a uncertain but tense moment . Patrick try to salvage it . patrick well , you definitely get the stompin ' part down . they look at each other . share a small laugh . malakai we fuck that fool up for sure . patrick ( crossing to exit door ) for damn sure , man . Patrick find the door lock . he and malakai hoist themselves over a high , wringht iron fence . disappear behind it . 83 ext . feetz - front entrance - night 83 distant wail of siren as feetz begin to empty out . kid converge on the sidewalk . pick up Sara , chenille and diggy . wait and watch for Patrick . diggy look at they . diggy it 's about to get real out here . cop and shit . I be go . she leave . chenille spot Patrick . not too worse for the wear . she smile with relief . then Sara see he . she smile too . 47 . 84 ext . STREET ( o'donnell height ) - night 84 Sara , Patrick and chenille . walk home . chenille 's preaching to Patrick . he 's not in the mood . chenille ... yeah , I 'ma tell you . tell you like I keep tellin ' you , Patrick . you need to let malakai alone . let he handle he own shit before he drag you down in it . patrick chenille . I hear you the first five hundred time . they round a corner border the Heights . stop in front of it . chenille , disconcert with Patrick , look dourly at Sara . chenille I will see you Monday . ( to Patrick , like a order ) he will walk you . as much as this make sense , it still take Patrick by surprise . Sara see it in he face , regards chenille with a false bravado . SARA it 's just a few block . it 's okay . chenille no , it 's not okay . would you tell the girl it be not okay ? patrick it 's not okay , okay ? ( before she can protest ) come on , braveheart . 85 ext . STREET - SARA and patrick - night 85 walk . Sara keep steal glance of he . or so she think . patrick what ? SARA ( catch ) what ? ( continued ) 48 . 85 continued : 85 patrick why you keep lookin ' at I ? SARA I have to look somewhere . the street be desert . might as well look at you . patrick that 's not why . you wanna know somethin' . ask somethin' . SARA it 's not a question . it 's the way you be beat that kid up . you look so mad . patrick I be mad and he be not no kid . but you be from the suburb Mars , right ? folk do not fight there . SARA not like that . ( some kind of wonder ) you be really kick he ass . it 's not funny , the look on she face . but Patrick laugh . SARA be you laugh at I ? drop the smile , Patrick shake he head . look at she . patrick my friend be in trouble . SARA maybe he 's my question . you friend . chenille do not like he . patrick she like he . it do not stop she from trippin ' off he now and then . but malakai 's good people . we go back . Way back . you know , like they say , through thick and thin . ( beat ) so , how would you like feetz ? ( continued ) 49 . 85 continued : 85 SARA it be great . patrick once you get use to the music . SARA it be not the music I be not use to . I mean , it 's not the first time I hear hip -hop , Patrick . patrick uh-huh . Bet you listen to it all the time . Patrick regards she with a sly , know smile . his stare be significant , unsettle . Sara 's face flush . she turn from he , hope he do not see it . SARA not all the time . but a lot . patrick we gettin ' any closer to you crib or should we stop for food and water ? Sara snap out of it . look around . shit . first the flush and now this . she look at he . she could kick herself . SARA we pass it . patrick you pass it . a look . they double back to she front door . pause on the stoop . SARA thanks for walk I . patrick no problem . SARA so. I will see ya . patrick be that ' see ya ' like gee-whiz , have a great time , can not wait to see you again ? ( more ) ( continued ) 50 . 85 continued : 85 patrick ( cont 'd ) or be it like ' see ya , ' I will bust a cap in you ass if you ever darken my doorstep again ? he make it impossible not to smile . so damned charming . SARA I have not say gee- whiz since I be six . but I really have a great time ... okay ? patrick okay . she enter the rowhouse . Patrick wait until the light go on inside before he turn around and start home . 86 int . roy' apartment - kitchen - next morning 86 Roy 's make breakfast when Sara straggle in . she peer at the stove . scramble egg and bacon . toast too ! a first for he . roy figure I would put a little marrow in you bone . siddown , siddown . ( she slump in chair ) you gettin ' along at school ? makin ' friend ...? ( as she nod robotically ) ... see any of them last night ? he slide a plate in front of she . stands there hold he . roy I come home on my break . SARA oh . the succinct sneer in she voice get to Roy . he snap at she . roy ... oh ? Jesus ! you be hard ! look . you be seventeen . if you wanna go out , go out . but do not lie to I . on top of everything else , do not make I worry like that about you . ( more ) ( continued ) 51 . 86 continued : 86 roy ( cont 'd ) ( after long moment ) I do not mean to yell . ( sit down ; try like hell ) so how be the egg ? they good ? Sara take a small , tasteless sample , nod . they eat in silence . then Sara look over at he with genuine if detach remorse . SARA you be right . I should have say something . I be sorry . Roy exhales . finally , a chink in the brick wall . roy what be you gonna do today ? anything special ? SARA nope . nothing special . 87 int . record store ( east point mall ) - day 87 a track from top dogg blare from invisible speaker . all of the store 's many customer be teenage kid . snookie , in sunglass and a reverse baseball cap , clerk behind the counter . he 's ringing up ( and try to rap to ) a fly girl when Patrick walk in , overhear the overture . snookie ... how you know I can not do nothin ' for you ? I be the hardest workin ' man in showbizness , girl . c'mon . let I be the bomb in you shell . the fly girl roll she eye . take she bag . leave . Patrick look at snookie , wryly shake he head . patrick you do the shit to yourself , man . the bomb in you shell ? snookie that be black magic , Patrick . it 's gonna work one of this day . he reach behind the counter , hand Patrick a jay-z c.d . ( continued ) 52 . 87 continued : 87 snookie last one on the rack . I snatch it up for you . rang it up on my discount . patrick ( what snookie 's wait for ) thank you , snookie . snookie ( as Patrick pay he ) you workin ' or what , man ? patrick on my way . soon as I get outta here ... as he say this , he eye wander around the store . and he see she in the stack . Sara . 88 int . record store - hip - hop section - moment later 88 Sara with a bunch of C.D. 's . she juggle they in one hand , flip through hip -hop C.D. 's with another . she look up to see Patrick stand beside she . he take in the c.d.' . grin at she . patrick throwin ' a party ? there 's no wiggle room but Sara wiggle anyway . SARA just add to my collection . I hear some stuff I do not have last night . patrick ( that twinkle in he eye ) well , you be fly anyway . last night . dancin ' , I mean . SARA not as fly as you . patrick ( half -serious ) nobody 's as fly as I . ( continued ) 53. 88 continued : 88 SARA ( dead -serious ) not yet anyway . Patrick laugh . look at she . Sara look back at he . they be stare at each other . patrick maybe we could hook up later . after school or somethin' . work on some of you move . if you want . SARA okay . sure . Patrick nod affirmatively . start to leave . turn back , indicate she stack of C.D. 's . patrick by the way , Hammer 's pretty much play out . SARA ( convincing lie ) not to I . 89 int . roy' apartment - kitchen - night 89 Sara 's on the phone , unwrap one of that t.v. dinner . SARA ( into phone ) it be so ... slamm , Lindsay . the dance ! I be go again . what ? no , I have not see anybody get shot yet . God , I do not move to Bosnia . 90 int . patterson high - hallway - morning 90 a fight . two black girl have at it . it 's a ferocious match . Hair pull , spit fly , punch land , clothes tear apart . angle on SARA as she crown the corner , come to a bottleneck of student . it 's like the nose bleed section of caesar 's Palace . the far hallway be the ring . Sara crane she neck to see the action . ( continued ) 54 . 90 continued : 90 angle widen as a security guard earn he hazard pay . he separate the two girl who be still swinging at each other . he throw one into a corner , hurl the other in a opposite corner . on SARA as a white girl stand next to she shake she head lamentably . SARA what happen ? the White girl study Sara 's suburban clothes and fresh - scrubbed face . thinks she find a kindre spirit . tony ( white girl ) we freed the slave and do not teach they no manners . ( before Sara can react ) you be Sara , right ? ( as Sara warily nod ) Toni . I be gonna introduce myself before but you be always with that crowd . you know . chenille , she girl , that identity crisis diggy . Sara look at toni. get it . get she . the expression on she face close off . Toni , too dense to read it , keep talk . toni ( brightly ) we should hang out sometime , Sara . the two of we . whenever you decide to lose the tan ? her inference clear , Toni flash a brilliant smile , happily walk off . Sara shake she head to herself . what a idiot . as Sara continue down the hall , a p.a. address come on . p.a. address ( v.o. ) senior , a reminder before you rise up and change the world . Mrs. gwynn be hold all diploma hostage in she office . her only demand be the pleasure of you company for career D - Day . be there . Sara enter she classroom , a bunch of kid in front of and behind she . 55 . 91 ext . / int . STREET / roy' rowhouse ( so . baltimore ) - day 91 Sara walk up the street ( pass many black people ) , see roy ' pickup . shit . he 's home . 92 camera track 92 Sara as she enter they rowhouse , walk up a flight of stair to they apartment . there 's a jazz instrumental faintly come from it . and another noise . foreign and yet familiar . like grunt ... but not . Sara unlock the door . open it . 93 sara' Pov - live room 93 her father 's fuck somebody ! on the couch . half on it anyway . in broad daylight ! the whore underneath he be moan . Jesus ! angle widen as Sara turn away from the spectacle . reaches for Roy 's sax . she blow the longest , shrillest note know to mankind . 94 on roy 94 the hair on he head stand up . his body deflate instantly . 95 int . kitchen - moment later 95 Sara sit at the table . Roy enter in a wrinkle T-shirt and batter jeans . his embarrassment be naked . roy I do not know what to say . I do not . SARA how ' bout fuck it ? or should I say fuck she ? it 's a fuck - fest , Roy . roy do not talk to I like that , Sara . ( beat ) I think you be goin ' to you friend 's house after school . obviously , you change you mind . so I be sorry . alright ? SARA sorry you get catch . ( continued ) 56 . 95 continued : 95 roy sorry I get ... observe the " whore " with the hich C be rhonda . she stand between the live area and the kitchen entrance now . Sara try not to look at she . can not help it . she have to see the whore . not bad look , in a wash out , bottle blonde barfly kind of way . rhonda do not be mad at he . it 's my fault . I be real sorry , honey . roy it 's nobody 's ' fault . ' it 's over . let it be over . we be all adult . Sara glare at he . the disingenuous Rhonda jump in . rhonda I think he mean you know about sex . that we have it and he like it . be not that what you mean , Roy ? Sara look at she . bat she eye . hard . SARA really ? how often do you have it ? rhonda thing be kind of slow since you get here . once upon a time we be real rabbit , be not we , Roy ? verbal quicksand . Roy can feel himself sink . roy Rhonda . shut up . please . 96 int . sara' room - not much later 96 OPEN close on a frame photo of glynn and Sara ( in full ballet costume ) . embrace . happy . pull back to see Sara . sitting on the edge of she futon , hold glynn 's clover leaf necklace and stare at she mother 's face . lost. Lonely . miss she . she kiss the lucky charm , smile at glynn , slip the necklace on . 57 . 97 int . / ext . car wash - day 97 Patrick , in coverall , slouches over a mechanic 's station study . a few worker mill about , wait for the next car on a slow day . a BMW with tinted window peel into the lot on two wheel . Patrick look up as malakai and a tall , wiry , nattily dress man get out . patrick I get it . he exit into the lot . approach malakai and the man ( " tute " ) . malakai Medicine man . you know tute . tute take in Patrick . look around . snicker derisively . tute you call this a job , man ? patrick actually , I call it a car wash . the work I do , yeah , that 's a job . malakai let out a nervous laugh . tute do not crack a smile . tute I need some stick . watch my ride , malakai . tute enter the cashier 's office . Patrick look at malakai . patrick you hangin ' with he now ? think that 's a good idea , ' Kai ? malakai you get a better one ? patrick you could try layin ' all this shit off for awhile . give yourself a chance on the other side . malakai what other side ? patrick you know what I mean . it be not like you do not have good sense . ( continued ) 58 . 97 continued : 97 malakai I get sense enough to know who I be , what I can do and where I can do it . I be not like you . people do not just up and hand I shit . tute emerge from cashier 's office lighting a cigarette from a fresh pack . he blow a plume of smoke into the air , regards Patrick . tute we be not here for we health . you workin ' , then work . ( throw Patrick car key ) and do not forget the rim . 98 int . reynold ' apartment - live room / kitchen - 98 late that night Patrick , still in work coverall , enter . first thing he do be pick up a stack of mail . track he into kitchen as he cross to refrigerator , take out a plate momma Dean 's leave for he . he sit down at the table , take a breath , begin shifting through the mail . his face register disappointment . nothing . again . 99 int . guidance counselor' office - day 99 Patrick sit across from Mrs. gwynn , the reality check of Patterson High . mrs . gwynn maybe you think it 's enough to have the grade , get a full scholarship . but it be not , Patrick . georgetown make mulch of student like you every semester . you have to be ready to change . Change friend . lifestyle . you entire point of view . what I be say be , option will not matter if you do not keep a clean nose to the grindstone . patrick ( look she right in the eye ) I know that , Mrs. gwynn . the unflappable Patrick . he do not fool Mrs. gwynn . ( continued ) 59 . 99 continued : 99 mrs . gwynn know 's easy . do be hard . begin montage in which a series of student parade in front of Mrs. gwynn . 100 snookie 100 snookie I ? I wanna operate on car . some place fly like the kentucky derby . -- ah-ha ! joke on you ... 101 space -out student 101 space -out student career ? that the same as a job ...? 102 diggy 102 diggy a rock-n- Rap club in L.A. I be gonna put a tattoo parlor on the roof . soon as I find some investor ... 103 serious student 103 serious student I want to be a lawyer , but I believe in God so I be not sure about it ... 104 toni 104 toni I be move to Idaho . I hate it here . 105 chenille 105 chenille beauty school . ( more ) ( continued ) 60 . 105 continued : 105 chenille ( cont 'd ) I be a year behind ' cause of my baby , but I be gonna work during the day , go to school at night . that 's my plan anyway ... 106 malakai 106 malakai plan ? yeah . I plan not to be poor . next question ... 107 nikki 107 nikki I get into U.M.B.C. , financial aid , everything ... mrs . gwynn do I detect a ' but ' ? nikki fold she arm , regards she obdurately . mrs . gwynn I know you be -- how do you put it ? -- large here , nikki . you enjoy that and it 's fine for now . I guess . but you can not live you life like a popularity contest . 108 montage end with SARA 108 walk in . sitting down . SARA I do not think it 's realistic , what you be ask . thing happen . thing change . and the change change you . what 's the point of plan ? mrs . gwynn to have a sense of direction . SARA you can not direct destiny . ( continued ) 61 . 108 continued : 108 mrs . gwynn ( finger Sara 's papers ) I see here that you train for juilliard , that you audition . SARA that be a long time ago . mrs . gwynn it be three month ago , Sara . ( the brick wall ) well , if you be not go to pursue dance , what be you go to do ? SARA ( have not think about it ) I do not know . take a year off . work . go to college later on . mrs . gwynn be careful with later on , Sara . it 's a slippery slope . sometimes you can run right on top of it and it never catch up with you . 109 ext . o'donnell height - rooftop - late day 109 a low sun over the cityscape of Baltimore . push in on Patrick and Sara , two dot that grow larger . he click on a boom - BOX rest on the roof 's ledge . a hip - hop track blast . patrick feel the groove . do not let the music mess with you . he start to move with the music . Sara try to emulate he . they dance throughout the conversation . SARA do you always want to be a doctor ? patrick who say I wanna be a doctor ? SARA chenille . everybody . he cinch she waist , push in she ass . ( continued ) 62 . 109 continued : 109 patrick keep it tight . watch you butt . SARA what kind of doctor do you want to be ? patrick Pediatrics . I like kid . come on , stay with I . you be slackin ' . SARA do you have any ? kid . patrick no . do you ? SARA I be not be smart , Patrick . patrick would not be the first time . she stop . regards he . he stop . regards she . stalemate . SARA screw you . I be brilliant . he go into a spin , a half -split , come out of it swagger and half -stepping around she . Sara give he a impish look . rise up on full Pointe , turn out she leg and lift one of they in a spiral just below he head . it happen in two blink . so fast Patrick think it be a mirage . he stare at she , dumbfounded . Sara smile . the look on he face be worth the pain in she joint . she blow some stray hair out of she face , put she hand on she hip . look appropriately hapless . SARA I do not get it . that thing you just do . show I again ? patrick what be that shit you just do ? he mime the move -- badly . Sara can not help it . she laugh . SARA a releve . over ice . with a twist . ( more ) ( continued ) 63. 109 continued : 109 SARA ( cont 'd ) ( succumb to he bewilderment ) ballet . I use to dance , Patrick . patrick you use to dance ? SARA uh-huh . use to as in do not any more . and do not ask I why . she sound suddenly defensive . Patrick 's suddenly intrigue . patrick why not ? SARA because I do not want to talk about it . patrick that 's why you bring it up . do that whole relieve thing . ' Cause you do not wanna talk about it ? SARA because it 's not a big deal . can we just concentrate on this ? patrick yeah , we can concentrate . ( a beat ; goad she a little ) but I think it be a big deal . whatever it be you do not wanna talk about . Sara shake she head adamantly . he nod he head emphatically . another stalemate . they dance coyly , seductively around it . 110 int . roy' apartment - kitchen - night 110 Sara . do stretch exercise as she talk on the phone . lindsay ( v.o. ) ( over phone ) I be still gonna pray for you . ( more ) ( continued ) 64 . 110 continued : 110 lindsay ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Jesus , Sara , you be in the freaking ghetto . forget the riot . how be you suppose to meet anybody ? Sara slide down the wall , hug she knee . SARA ( into phone ) I have meet somebody . sort of . I think . I mean , there 's this guy ... 111 int . reynold ' apartment - live room / chenille's 111 bedroom - night Patrick enter to hear christopher scream he lung out . he pass down the hall to chenille 's room to find Christopher squirming in Kenny 's arm . Kenny do not know what to do . patrick ( walk in ) what y'all doin ' to my nephew ? Patrick take Christopher , hold he and console he until he settles down . Patrick pointedly hand the baby to chenille , glare accusingly at she and Kenny as he quit the room . Kenny regards he son haplessly . look at chenille . kenny why 's he do that ? chenille he 's a baby . they cry . kenny he be scream , chenille . chenille he do not know you , Kenny . kenny I be he father . he know I . ( meaning now ) ... what should I do ? chenille come around more often . ( continued ) 65 . 111 continued : 111 kenny see ? I can not talk to you . chenille and I can not depend on you ! be I askin ' you to do anything for he you be not suppose to do ? kenny you do not ask , chenille . you make demand . you want money , you -- chenille -- I want you to pick up some of the slack . you always have a excuse . kenny it 's not like that . I get tie up . chenille you wanna talk about tie up ? try gettin ' up in the middle of the night to change diaper and give he bottle or stayin ' up with he when he 's sick and havin ' to drag you ass to school the next day . kenny look . I be doin ' the best I can . chenille it be not good enough , Kenny ! 112 int . patterson high - girl ' lavatory - morning 112 dripping , out - of -order faucet , graffiti-lace stall , litter - strewn floor be underscore by the spooky flicker of fluorescent light . Sara walk in . the bathroom appear to be empty . she 's about to enter a stall when she hear the murmur of a voice . a guy 's voice . then a girl 's whimper . she ease forward a bit . girl ( o.s. ) I do not get pay ' till next week . male ( o.s. ) boo the fuck hoo . you can not put my bizness up you nose on no layaway plan . c'mon now . you know what you gotta do . ( continued ) 66 . 112 continued : 112 Sara venture carefully forward to the edge of the stall 's open door . she crane she neck try to see without be sen . her Pov - stall a girl be seat on the toilet . a man straddle she , he crotch in she face . the girl see Sara . something in she face give this away . the " man " glance out past he shoulder . he look right down we throat straight into Sara 's eye . malakai . on SARA SARA what be you do ? malakai back up . the girl jump up , run out the lavatory . malakai zip up he pants . Sara 's freeze , stare at he . malakai you do not see nothin ' , you do not say nothin' . not unless you want a taste for yourself . and that can be arrange . he leave . Sara wait a moment . exit . 113 hallway 113 she see Mr. Hill , start to move for he . someone grab she arm from behind . she turn , startle , a little afraid . it 's the girl from the stall . she look Sara in the eye . shake she head . do not . Mr. Hill walk by they unbeckone . 114 ext . inner harbor ( downtown baltimore ) - park - day 114 a perfect day . camera pan from the waterfront to the bustling crowd of the inner harbor , then to a park across from this where Sara and Patrick be practice . hip - hop music softly plays from Patrick 's boom - BOX . Sara watch he face as they dance . patrick do not you like it when you ' use ' to dance ? ( continued ) 67 . 114 continued : 114 SARA yeah I like it . I be gonna go to juilliard . that school fuck up my entire life . it 's a long story . patrick let I guess . you do not wanna talk about it . Sara look at he . a soft smile be all she offer up . 115 ext . park - SARA and patrick - later 115 they lay on they belly in the grass . Close to each other . patrick I steal a bike here once . SARA why would you do that ? patrick ' Cause I do not have one . SARA that 's a good reason . patrick I use to do wild shit like that . SARA you and malakai ? patrick yep . most of the time . SARA I do not get you guy . you seem so ... different . patrick we be not . SARA maybe you be not then but you be now . you say you change . patrick do not make I different from he . not the way you think it do . ( continued ) 68 . 115 continued : 115 SARA I think malakai 's scary . and I know you be not . patrick ( take mild umbrage ) what you mean by scary ? ' Kai 's tough . he have to be . he still get a good heart . I know . Sara stare at the ground , struggle to tell he what she see . SARA Patrick . patrick let I finish . I and he get into some shit awhile back . Real bad shit . we hold up a gas station off 95 . I bail the ride -- jump out the car . ' Kai keep goin ' , get catch . ( pause ) I know what he be gonna do that night . knew the car be hot . I woulda be guilty as he if they have catch I , if malakai have serve my name up . but he do not . SARA that mean you owe he something ? patrick he do he time plus most of mine . I owe he that . SARA no matter how much he mess up ? patrick we all mess up . maybe malakai give up . but he 's still m'boy and he still get a chance . I be not just gonna cross he completely off and be like everybody else . he look at she and she do not have the heart -- or the nerve -- to tell he . a long moment . she pluck a dandelion from the grass , twirl it thoughtfully in she finger . ( continued ) 69 . 115 continued : 115 SARA I steal a hat once . when I be twelve . my mom find it under my mattress , make I take it back . patrick gangsta ' Sara . stole a hat . call the f.b.i . she look at he . smile . twirl the dandelion under he nose . SARA you gonna turn I in ? patrick I think I will wait for you to surrender . ( pause ) be you tight with you mom , Sara ? I mean , y'all get along and shit ? SARA ( guardedly ) yeah ... tight ... get along and shit patrick so she mean something to you . how come you never talk about she ? SARA there 's nothing to say . patrick ( study she face ) know why there 's nothing to say ? because you do not talk about she . you will not talk about she . SARA I be sorry she 's dead . God ! what do you want I to do ? run through the street scream ? patrick why not ? if it help . SARA ( tersely ) well , it will not . so drop it . patrick and you call malakai scary . ( continued ) 70 . 115 continued : 115 she look at he . Patrick grin . Sara knock she leg against he . he knock he leg back . a silly moment . but it transcend the tension and create a sweet truce between they . 116 int . patrick house - kitchen - night 116 momma Dean 's fix dinner . Patrick enter with the mail in he tooth , a load of book in he arm . he dump the book on the counter , buss momma Dean 's check on the way to the ' fridge . momma dean I know you be not puttin ' that dirty hand inside my refrigerator . Patrick back up to the sink . wash he hand . impishly dry they on she apron . he sit , begin sifting through the mail . momma Dean pull a envelope from she pocket . wave it at he . momma dean this what you be lookin ' for ? chenille appear in the doorway . Patrick take the letter . he 's almost afraid to open it . but he do . and as he read the letter , a slyly relieved smile spread across he face . he toss the letter in the air . grab chenille and momma Dean . and the three of they jump up and down together with joy . 117 int . / ext . CITY bus ( moving ) - SARA and patrick - night 117 dress to the nine . they look happy and relaxed , more so than we have ever see . they sit close to each other . very close . SARA be you gonna tell I where we be go ? ( as he grin , shake he head ) why be the surprise for I ? you be the one with something to celebrate . patrick we can celebrate together . ( continued ) 71 . 117 continued : 117 she look at he . can not find any word . so she just go into she evening bag and pull out a small box . she hand it to he , a little nervous about how it will be receive . SARA I want to get you something and I could not figure out what . it 's not much but I hope you like it . Patrick open the box . remove a key chain . it 's engrave with the medical emblem ( snake &amp ; staff , etc . ) . he regards she , touch . patrick I like it . I love it . thank you . SARA wait . there 's more . she lean in , turn the key chain over in he hand . the back side of it be engrave with the word , " patrick reynold , m.d . " Patrick lock eye with Sara , lift she hand to he lip . kiss it softly . the gesture be succinct but allure and , for a brief moment , they be the only two people in the world . 118 int . / ext . CITY bus - SARA and patrick - later 118 the bus make a stop and a older white woman get on . sit across from Sara and Patrick who have move even closer to each other . Patrick 's arm be around Sara 's shoulder . he whisper something in Sara 's ear . she laugh and look up to see the white woman stare at they with a mute but obvious repugnance . watch the woman from the corner of she eye , Sara drape she arm around Patrick 's neck , nuzzle at he ear . Patrick 's eye widen . Sara , play this for all it 's worth , fold one of she leg between he and whisper : SARA we have a audience . work with I . patrick ( nonpluss ) work with you ? SARA ( sotto voce , through she tooth ) grab something . ( continued ) 72 . 118 continued : 118 he grab she ass -- what else be there ? -- run he hand along she side . the white woman , thoroughly disgust , get up and move to the back of the bus . Patrick and Sara look at each other , burst out laugh . 119 ext . baltimore hall - night 119 the equivalent of D.C. 's Kennedy Center , the hall be awash in light and activity . Men and woman be don in formal attire . parking valet hover on the sidewalk wait for car . into this , Sara and Patrick walk . she look at the crowd , then see the overhead banner -- " Boston ballet , a Command performance . " Sara 's heart stop . her foot freeze . Patrick look at she . she look positively catatonic . patrick surprise ... Sara ? SARA ( quietly urgent ) I can not . I can not go in . patrick ( do not understand ) you have to go in . this be where I be bring you . the ballet . SARA ( beside herself ) I know , but -- patrick ( crestfallen ) but what ? Sara look at he , feel bad . feeling stupid for ruin the evening . she bite she lip , shake she head ( " but nothing " ) . Patrick take she and they go in . 120 int . baltimore hall - auditorium - night 120 Sara and Patrick watch the Boston company perform igor stravinsky 's " scene De ballet " as choreograph by Christopher wheeldon . they be both enrapture . but while Patrick keep sneaking excited glimpsis of Sara , she eye remain fix on the dancer , the dance . she be utterly , totally engage and amaze . the yearn that never really leave she return to tug at she heart and project she soul onto the stage . 73. 121 ext . STREET ( somewhere in baltimore ) - night 121 post-ballet , Sara and Patrick walk . she 's quiet , introspective . Patrick 's at a loss . he can not decipher she mood and , which be more , he 's disappointed by it . patrick I think you would like it . SARA I do . patrick you be not actin ' like you do . she look over at he , try to smile . SARA I be sorry . they come to a small , secluded bridge . Sara sit down on the edge of it . Patrick follow suit . a long moment . SARA I do not want you to think I do not have a good time tonight , Patrick . I do . but ballet be not a part of my life anymore . patrick why not ? what happen ? you just wake up one day and decide to waste you talent . SARA ( without rancor ) how do you know I have talent ? because I do some stupid leg trick . patrick I see the look on you face when you do it , Sara . the same look I see tonight . goofy happy . so if you be gonna tell I something ' about not dance , at least tell I something ' real . a long , difficult moment wherein Sara attempt to find the word , face the pain that come with they . finally , she look at he . SARA maybe I do not want it to be real . ( continued ) 74 . 121 continued : 121 she stare out at the water , the moon reflect off of it . it 's hard to reconcile that beauty and the turmoil she 's feel . but she go on . SARA what I want be to wake up and see my mom . for thing to go back to the way they be . when they make sense . when my life make sense . ( because ) and it 's all my fault . she get scrape off the highway for I , for my fuck audition . she be rush . it be raining . it be raining ... ( a torrent ) ... but she promise to be there . I make she promise . and then I do not wait for she . I should have but they call my name and I do not say anything . I just go out and dance . I be mad . I need she and she be not there . she bury she face in she hand , break down , rack with tear and guilt . Patrick put he arm around she . SARA ( inconsolable ) she be die while I be dance and I be mad at she and I be sorry . I be sorry ... patrick it 's not you fault it rain or she die . or that you dance . that 's what you be there for . you mom would have expect you to do what you do . Sara , choke on tear , regards he forlornly . SARA that 's what make it so bad . she always do what be right for I . I want to be a prima ballerina -- have to be . even if it take most of we money , all of she spare time . I do not care . it be my stupid dream and it kill she . all she want be for it to come true . ( continued ) 75 . 121 continued : 121 patrick you still get whatever you have when you mom be alive , Sara . she would not want you to give up . Sara swipe at she face , look up at he , still cry . SARA I know ... but she ... I just do not think I can do it without she . patrick ( hold she ) do you want to do it , Sara ? I mean you . do you want juilliard ? SARA yeah . I do . patrick then it 's on you to make the dream come true . SARA yeah . for my mom . patrick for she . for you . 122 ext . roy' apartment / STREET - that night 122 Patrick walk Sara to the front door . they pause on the stoop . neither of they want the night to end . SARA see you tomorrow ? a rhetorical question under the circumstance . Patrick regards she tenderly , move she hair from she eye . stare deeply into they . Sara smile wanly , certain she look like shit . but it do not matter . the moment have name itself . and so , with more certainty than passion , they kiss . 123 int . sara' room - night 123 camera pan the room , picking up small touch from Sara 's past life , she previous bedroom -- more on display than we have see before . hold on closet door . a beat before Sara emerge from behind it , ballet slipper in hand . she take a deep breath . slide they on . peer down at she foot . wiggles they . nothing magical or mystical but simply wonderful . gleefully wonderful . like the end of a long day 's journey to home . 76 . 124 ext . inner harbor complex ( downtown baltimore ) - day 124 Sara and Patrick negotiate the heavy pedestrian traffic , exit the complex . he lead she to a mall of tree and bike path . patrick lemme see that move you do . that cute leg relieve thing . ( as she shake she head ) come on , Sara . SARA ( hate to admit this ) it hurt ! I be out of shape and it hurt . okay ? satisfied ? patrick ( admire she ) that 's what you call outta shape , what 's it take to get you in shape ? SARA practice . patrick this be the perfect spot for that . you can run around and I can sit under the tree and watch you . SARA I do not get in shape like that . but it 's still a good spot . ( diffidently ) I get my application for juilliard . just in time too . they be hold audition in Baltimore next month . patrick that 's great ! she look at he , shake she head . not that great . SARA I will never be ready in a month . patrick Sara , you puttin ' the mojo on yourself . ( continued ) 77 . 124 continued : 124 SARA ( a smile in spite of herself ) mojo ? patrick negative shit . White folk call it karma . the bad kind . SARA you do not understand . ballet take a lot of time , a lot of preparation . I use to practice two , three hour every day . I be so far behind ... ... and unsure and afraid . which Patrick can sense . but he will not let she go there or stay there . he 's firm , matter - of - fact . patrick quit whinin ' and catch up then . SARA it 's not as easy as that . my free form still suck . it 's still the weakest part of my routine . that have not change . patrick so I will help you with it . SARA you will ? patrick ( surprised that she 's surprised ) yeah . I will help you . tell I what you need to do and let 's get busy . montage sequence begins over theme music . 125 int . roy' apartment - sara' room - night 125 Sara in the mirror dress in leotard and tight . she bend forward from the hip , extend a leg , a corresponding arm . ( continued ) 78 . 125 continued : 125 as she try to complete the arabesque , the backward - most leg buckle . she steady herself . start over . SARA - in various stage of getting busy 126 patterson football field 126 hip-hop hybrid with Patrick . 127 dance studio 127 in class . struggle to keep up . 128 STREET 128 on way to and from bus stop . practice as she walk . 129 dance studio 129 alone with she instructor . look good . 130 dance studio - later 130 alone with she instructor . look better . 131 roy' bathroom 131 soaking and tend she bleed foot . montage end . 132 int . roy' apartment - live area 132 OPEN close on a black hand shaking a white one . pull back to reveal Patrick and Roy . Sara enter look strike , pretty , very down . chenille 's influence be write all over she makeup and she clothes . overlook Roy , she blithely tag Patrick . SARA let 's skip . ( cursory , to Roy ) later . they leave . Roy stand in the middle of the room , dumbfounded . ( continued ) 79 . 132 continued : 132 roy let 's ' skip ' ? ( mumble to himself ) Three month and she 's skip ? 133 int . feetz - bar - night 133 usual suspect , usual music . Patrick hand Sara a call - brand beer . leans in with he drink , openly and contently with she . another angle nikki and she crew ( jasmin , tiff 'nee , alyssa ) . nikki have not see Patrick and Sara . she 's show she crew a dance . another angle chenille , diggy and another black girl . fraternize . another angle - deejay booth a chrome - dome deejay with a Barry White baritone bellow into he mike as he change the music . deejay master p with the ' ghetto D '. showmesomethin ' , showmesomethin' , give up that cruel . eye on you ! wider as the dance floor swell with kid . pick up Sara and Patrick among they . she look at he nervously . he smile . patrick nobody 's watchin ' you but I . a gallant lie . Sara try to believe it . they dance . practice have make she near perfect . they movement be ambitious , nimble , better than anyone else on the floor . they move so well together that snookie , dance nearby , start chant : snookie go , Patrick ! go , Patrick ! ( continued ) 80 . 133 continued : 133 from another angle of dance floor diggy . jiggling and wildly gyrate . chime in -- diggy go , Sara ! go , Sara ! patrick and SARA building up a sweat ; confidently dance at fever pitch . deejay ( v.o. ) everybody have funk , funk , funk ! 134 int . feetz - dance floor 134 Sara and Patrick , still go at it . snookie , diggy and other prance around they like backup dancer . another angle - nikki stand with she crew dourly observe Patrick and Sara . nikki watch I squash they shit . hard . on nikki shove , push , and barging she way up to Patrick . without preamble or regard for Sara , she start dance with he . Patrick look at Sara but he 's somehow dance with nikki . Sara retreat with dagger in she eye . piss . patrick ( and nikki ) unresponsive as she grind she body into he , raw and wild . SARA stand where she can see but can not be see from the dance floor . from a curtain of kid , malakai suddenly appear at she side . Sara can not move . she 's box in . malakai indicate nikki and Patrick with slick satisfaction , whisper derisively : ( continued ) 81 . 134 continued : 134 malakai you be not never gonna look as good as she do with he . that 's oil . you be milk . ai not no point in tryin ' to mix . he evaporate into the crowd . Sara stand there . patrick and nikki as a slow dance begins . nikki start to press herself against Patrick . Patrick hold she off with both arm . walk away . wider angle - dance floor - favor patrick move toward Sara . a stark , apologetic expression on he face . he take she hand . Sara fiercely jerk away . Patrick grab she hand again , more emphatically this time . but Sara will not budge from the spot where she 's stand . so Patrick slide he arm around she , hold she without move . they remain like this for a moment or two until they slowly begin to dance . we push in on they in this little space . Patrick 's lip brush Sara 's ear . patrick Sara ...? SARA what ? patrick I be sorry . angle past they on malakai slow dance with he flavor of the night . eye on Sara and Patrick . both underwhelm and resentful of what he see . 135 int . roy' rowhouse - hallway / front door - that night 135 Sara unlock the door . she and Patrick enter . she turn on the light . look at he . answer the unspoken question . ( continued ) 82. 135 continued : 135 SARA he 's in D.C. blue alley . he will be go all night . Patrick sit down on the sofa . Sara cross to the stereo , turn it on . a sax solo begin play . SARA Roy 's demo . the only one he ever cut . kinda grow on you . a beat . somewhere between five second and forever . then : SARA wanna see my room ? Patrick look at she , nod . he get up , follow Sara behind the partition into she " room . " they stand there for a moment . he cup she face with he hand . kiss she . they begin to take off each other 's clothes , alternately sure and fumble ; a bit awkward , a bit urgent . Sara unzip Patrick 's pants , catch something other than he clothes . Patrick wince in pain . she look at he with a embarrassed grimace . say this very low . SARA sorry ... they kiss again , stumble backward to she futon . fall down upon it and begin to make love . 136 int . patterson high - hallway - patrick and SARA - 136 day camera track they as they walk down the hall hand - in - hand , sometimes exchange greeting with other student . they be officially a couple and they appear to be in love . at the door to Sara 's next class , Patrick buss she lip before she enter . 137 int . sara' classroom - continuous action 137 no teacher be present . the class file in . Toni drop down in a chair beside Sara . she lean over in a conspiratorial whisper . toni whatever you do , do not fuck he . ( continued ) 83. 137 continued : 137 SARA Excuse I ? toni ' hit it and quit it , ' that 's they motto . SARA whose motto ? toni Black guy . everybody know that . the teacher walk in . Sara quickly whisper back to Toni . SARA do not forget , they all have big dick and beat they wife . everybody know that too . 138 int . rib joint ( somewhere in baltimore ) - night 138 malakai , along with snookie and two brain donor , arvel and lip , eat at a booth . Patrick stroll in gritty from work . tire from work . he slide in next to malakai . the mood be light , jovial . arvel you smell , boy . patrick how can a piece of shit tell ? the table crack up . malakai you be scarce lately , man . where you be ? arvel somewhere dreamin ' of a White Christmas ... lip ... and Christmas be not even for ' nother six month . snookie lip . it 's a so-to-speak thang , you ignorant fuck . ( more ) ( continued ) 84 . 138 continued : 138 snookie ( cont 'd ) ( look at Patrick ) so . so to speak ? whassup . patrick ( snatching up one of he rib ) back out my business , boy . malakai ( watch Patrick keenly ) you tappin ' that white girl , man ? ( half joke ) that 's why you be not get time for you boyz no more , you too busy frontin' . too busy snowflakin ' . Patrick lift one of malakai 's rib , respond coolly . patrick how be I frontin ' , ' Kai ? I make time for this bullshit , do not I ? lip aww , man . you bust . that 's why you jaw be gettin ' so tight . snookie you the one need he jaw tightened with you pork - ass instigatin ' self . arvel ( be : Patrick 's rove finger ) order something ' , Patrick . this be not no goddamn soup line . Patrick grab some of arvel 's fries , chew they in he face . patrick y'all hangin ' tonight or what ? malakai we thinkin ' about slidin ' through that new rec center open up on the eastside . you ridin ' ? patrick eastside ? that 's the wrong side . ( more ) ( continued ) 85 . 138 continued : 138 patrick ( cont 'd ) I be not messin ' with that fool over there . you know how they be . malakai I be not press . I get my own shit . shorthand . the table stop . malakai glance around , lift he shirt to expose a gun . Patrick stare at malakai with disbelief . malakai what you think ? I 'ma keep walkin ' around waitin ' for some chump to cap I ? I 'ma protect myself . patrick that be not protection . it 's a excuse for some unnecessary mayhem . malakai ai not nothin ' unnecessary ' bout it . shit. mayhem and madness . that 's a black man 's life . patrick how you know ? you be not try nothing else . now you sittin ' up here strapped for no good reason . you askin ' for trouble , malakai . ( as malakai laugh ) you think this shit 's funny ? snookie shift uncomfortably . arvel and lip look at malakai . malakai look at Patrick , coldly drop he smile . malakai I think it 's funny you think it be not necessary . you act like you do not know where you be no more , Patrick , and whassup out there for anybody who be not you . maybe that 's what happen when a white girl go to you head . lip -- or give you some . ( continued ) 86 . 138 continued : 138 patrick fuck you , lip. ( look at malakai ) I know what 's out there . I also know you can get past it . but that be not gonna happen , ' Kai , long as you keep gettin ' in you own way . arvel ( peacemaker ) aw'ight . y'all say what you have to say . we back to bein ' boyz . Patrick . chill . have some rib . 139 int . roy' rowhouse - kitchen - night 139 Sara and Patrick , post-coital . she 's in she robe . he 's dress but they be fool around as they fix sandwich . Patrick drop down in a chair . Sara drop down on he lap . patrick what 's you favorite flower ? SARA I do not have a favorite . patrick yeah , but if you do ... SARA I dunno . maybe cymbidium -- orchid . they be sort of show - boaty but they be pretty . patrick what 's you favorite color ? SARA agua . patrick what 's you second favorite color ? SARA mmm. mauve . patrick you be makin ' this real hard , Sara . that be not exactly tuxedo color . ( continued ) 87 . 139 continued : 139 Sara swing she leg around , face he , straddle he . SARA nut . what be you talk about ? patrick I be tryin ' to get around to askin ' you something ' but since I be some sorta nut , you probably would not wanna go to prom with I ... she throw she arm around he neck , kissing he . Patrick slide he hand under she robe , cup she breast . Sara respond to he . they be too engross in this intimacy to hear the front door open , to see Roy until he walk in and see they . Sara leap up , close she robe . Patrick do not know what to do . he 's catch . straight up . red-handed . Roy 's eye dart between they , settle on and slice into Patrick . roy Patrick -- it be Patrick , be not it ? ( a small awkward nod ) well , I think you be just leavin ' . Patrick stand up . Sara grab he arm defiantly , hold he back . SARA why do he have to leave ? we be all adult . right ? roy he either leave or I throw he ass out . you call , Sara . Patrick jerk he arm free from Sara , grab he jacket off the back of he chair . he back - talk Roy as he pass he . patrick chill , man . I be goin ' . you do not have to come off with all 'at . roy who the hell be you to tell I how to come off ? you be in my house alone with my daughter . ( continued ) 88. 139 continued : 139 it take everything Patrick have to keep walk until he 's out the door . it slam behind he . Sara march up to Roy , furious . SARA I hate be you daughter . you ruin everything . she try to stomp off . Roy kick a chair in she path . snarl . roy siddown . ( not a request ; a order ; as she sit ) it 's a free country , you can hate I . ai not like that 's exactly news . but disrespectin ' I , that 's where the road end , Sara . I do not want he up here again . I mean it . SARA you mean it because he 's black . roy do not start that bullshit ! SARA why 's it bullshit ? because you hang with black guy and play jazz and have the hot for Angela bassett ? roy because he be in my house with he hand all over my daughter ! SARA keep tell yourself that . just do not expect I to believe it . I see how you look at he . but you do not see he . well , for you information , he 's a straight - a student with more heart and gut than you will ever have ! roy yeah ? well , when be you gonna have the gut to say what you really want to say to I , Sara ? ( continued ) 89 . 139 continued : 139 SARA ( scream at he ) want I to say it ? you be a piece of shit husband and you be a piece of shit father ! you be never there for Mom or for I . you take off and never look back . so do not talk to I about gut . not quite the truth , but near enough to sting . it quiet Roy down . he regards she with regret and guilt . roy sound like you have it all figure out . SARA I have you figure out . you think you can make up all the time you miss , all the thing you do not do ? you can not ! I be here because I have to be and it 's a goddamn nightmare . roy well , you might as well wake up and get use to it , Sara , because that 's the way thing be sometimes , the way life be . SARA how the hell would you know ? you have be asleep for the past thirty - seven year ! now she do storm off . this time Roy let she . he can not find the word to deny what she 's say . 140 ext . patterson high - quad outside cafeteria - day 140 a break between class draw the requisite claques and clique . Sara and Patrick huddle over a chemistry book , attentive to each other . nikki stand off watch both of they . malakai saunter up to she smoking a joint . hazily indicate Patrick and Sara . malakai the ' Love Boat . ' nikki Love shit . that bitch be tap - dancin ' on my last nerve . ( continued ) 90 . 140 continued : 140 malakai look like she 's tap -dance on you last boyfriend . she get it like that ? naw . never mind . stall it . I be not hear shit . nikki stall what ? what you hear ? malakai some trash she 's talkin' . about you . nikki about I ? malakai yeah . how you be not all 'at since Patrick 's takin ' she to the prom . ( in for the kill ) I be a little bit ... chagrine though , nikki . you lettin ' some white ho ' show you up like that . he regards she with bemuse pity . nikki , with all she inner outrage , manage to salvage she pride . she sneer in he face . nikki fuck you , malakai . fuck she too . malakai ( gaily , a she sail off ) ai not no need in fuckin ' I ... stick up , bitch ... I be on you side 141 int . patterson high - hallway - day 141 Patrick drink at a water fountain . look up . malakai 's stand there . there 's still some tension between they . malakai yo . I and the boyz fixin ' to shoot some hoop . we against druid Hill . if you interested . patrick druid Hill ? Hell yeah . malakai gotta skip last period . ( continued ) 91 . 141 continued : 141 patrick I get study hall . do not matter anyway . not with that sucker . I will be back before the bell ring . they walk off together and , after a few step , begin dribble imaginary ball down the hall . 142 int . gym ( patterson ) - day 142 a girl ' basketball game in progress . Sara 's play defense . she 's on nikki 's team . she block a shot but chenille , on the oppose team , get it on the rebound . basket . nikki shoot Sara a murderous look . stupid , uncoordinate bitch . 143 ext . druid hill playground - basketball court 143 a four-on - four game in progress . Patrick , malakai , snookie and arvel versus the druid Hill two deuce . a unseen boom BOX blast the music of jay - Z throughout . Patrick have the ball . he pass it to malakai . they ad - lib insult to the two deuce . this be heaven for they . talk shit and play ball . the best time . intercut with : 144 int . patterson high - gym 144 Sara take she defensive position against a oppose player , successfully block the shot , try to slam the ball to nikki . it clip nikki 's head , bounce out of bound . nikki , she dignity stunne , she patience out , walk up to Sara , shove she to the floor . Sara look up at she as some disembody voice call out : female voice do not start nothin ' , will not be nothin ' ! stay down , girl ! 145 ext . druid hill - basketball court 145 malakai dribble the ball around one of the two deuce , sky it . miss the hoop . Patrick rebound . pass it back to ' Kai . he take the shot . make it . Patrick and arvel strut victoriously . 146 int . patterson high - gym 146 Sara jump up , shove nikki back . and the fight be on . 92 . 147 ext . druid hill - basketball court 147 as the deject deuce look on , malakai high - fives Patrick and snookie . arvel 's move into they circle when shot ring out . everybody on the court instantly dive to the ground for cover . 148 int . patterson high - gym 148 Sara and nikki tumble to the gym floor . the surprise be Sara . she match nikki blow for blow . it 's a punish fight for both of they and it only end when the gym teacher separate they . 149 ext . druid hill - basketball court 149 a car speed off . Patrick raise up , look around . malakai nod . he 's okay . snookie 's crawl to the exit , snot - nose and cry . he 's okay . then they see arvel . sprawle on the ground . cover in blood . he seem lifeless . 150 int . mrs . gwynn' office - SARA and nikki - day 150 in adjacent chair across from Mrs. gwynn 's empty one . nikki ( a hiss , under she breath ) it be not over , bitch . SARA over ? I do not even know why it start ... bitch . and do not say it 's about Patrick because it 's not . it 's not about he . nikki no . it 's about you . White girl like you . creepin ' up , takin ' we man . the whole world be not enough . you gotta conquer ours too . SARA I like he , he like I . and if you do not like that , screw you . Mrs. gwynn walk in . sit down . look reproachfully at they . mrs . gwynn Girls . I think you need to talk . 93. 151 int . roy' apartment - live area / sara' room - day 151 Roy 's tuning he sax when Sara enter . her face be a mess . yet she drift by , bruise and bent over , as if this be the norm . Roy do a double-take . roy what the hell happen to you ? SARA I get suspend . two day . she straggle into she room . Roy follow she to the futon . roy for what ? Fighting ? ( as she nod like " no shit sherlock " ) why be you fight , Sara ? SARA ( sardonically ) I be not sure . I think it 's some kind of black female thing . he sis down beside she , instinctively reach out to touch she face , assess the damage . Sara sharply flinch away . but Roy persist and after a moment , she let he minister to she . 152 int . reynold ' apartment - kitchen - evening 152 Patrick walk in , arvel 's dry blood stain into he clothes . chenille 's cooking with a sound - asleep Christopher sling over she shoulder . she and Patrick regard each other morosely . chenille how 's arvel ? Patrick slump down at the kitchen table . he 's barely audible . patrick pretty bad . ( almost to himself ) can not even play a get - damned game of ball no more . chenille come up behind he . squeeze , pat he shoulder . ( continued ) 94 . 152 continued : 152 chenille you see Sara ? she alright ? ( as he look up with a question mark ) you do not hear ? nikki jump off at she in gym . it be fierce ... give the day , this be the straw on Patrick 's back . he bolt from the table and on he way out nearly bump head with Kenny . 153 int . roy' rowhouse - hallway - night 153 Patrick ring the doorbell . Sara open the door slightly , just enough for Patrick to see she face . it piss he off . patrick shit ! SARA it 's alright . I be okay . Roy appear in the space behind she , look out . Sara can feel he presence . her eye implore Patrick . SARA look . it 's not a good time . ( gently shutting the door ) I will see you later ... I be okay . 154 int . laundromat ( southeast baltimore ) - early evening 154 the laundromat be empty but for a few customer and nikki . she 's load clothes from two large basket into washer when she brother diondre , 10 , race in . he 's grin from ear- to - ear . nikki diondre , what you butt doin ' here ? diondre ( a taunting twist ) I can go where I want . you the one on punishment . nikki swing a wet shirt with no intention of hit he . she look up . Patrick 's stand in the doorway . diondre run up to he , hold out the palm of he hand . ( continued ) 95 . 154 continued : 154 diondre there she go . gimme my two dollar . Patrick pay he . diondre dart out . Patrick walk up to nikki . nikki clenches , try to dismiss he with a backhand wave . nikki whatever it be , I do not wanna hear it . Patrick lean up against a wash machine and for a long moment just look at she . the walk there have compose he emotion . patrick I think you have something ' to say to I . nikki you think wrong . a old black woman be avidly , openly watchin ' they . Patrick indicate a bench on the other side of the laundromat . nikki petulantly follow he there . they sit . Patrick look at she . patrick somethin ' must be on you mind for you to get up in Sara 's face , start all this drama . what you tryin ' to prove , nikki ? nikki you be the one tryin ' to prove something . stuck up in she shit like she 's something ' special . patrick what if she be ? what 's it to you ? you do not see I trippin ' off that Howard dude and I could have . I coulda trip hard , nikki . nikki that be different . patrick how you gonna call it different ? she stand up . look down at he . raise she voice . ( continued ) 96 . 154 continued : 154 nikki because she 's white and he be not . and do not sit there like you do not know what I be talkin ' about , Patrick . patrick ( glaring at she ) you do not even know what you be talkin ' about , nikki . nikki I do not ? y'all black man , soon as you even think about goin ' someplace good , first thing you do be find a white girl to take with you . old woman ( o.s. ) uh-huh . Patrick glare in the Old woman 's direction , then back at nikki . patrick I think I be goin ' someplace good with you . you the one call I off . but you be not tryin ' to remember that . now you mad . why ? because she 's white and I like she ? I be with she . nikki please . you be with she because she 's white . that 's what set I off . patrick ( exasperate ) it be not get no business settin ' you off ! I and she be not get nothin ' to do with you and what you think . so keep you hand off she and that shit to yourself . nikki fold she arm across she chest , look at he defiantly . nikki I do not think it , I know it . but you go ahead , deny it . that 's what y'all always do . she turn on she heel , go back to she machine . Patrick rise , see the old woman glint at he . he hold she hateful stare for a moment , then walk out . 97 . 155 int . reynold ' apartment - chenille's bedroom - night 155 chenille and Kenny . in the middle of a contentious moment . he try to give she some money . she snatch it out of he hand . Kenny look at she . he 's hurt . chenille 's too mad to see it . chenille what ? I be suppose to get excited because you decide to skate by and drop a dollar on the dresser ? kenny it 's more than a dollar . and it 's all I got. ( beat ) I get laid off rom b.w.i. , chenille . I be workin ' part - time . money 's tight . you know how you be about money . that 's way I have not be come around . chenille stare at he for a long moment . her voice be low . chenille money be not get nothin ' to do with it , Kenny . you do not come around because you do not feel like comin ' around . you do not want the responsibility of comin ' around . as long as you out there and I be in here , you know you son 's be take care of . you be not get no worry when it come to he . kenny and you do not have no feeling when it come to I . all you do be bitch and complain about what I do not do . I get sick of that . chenille be sick of it . you be not get to see I to see you son . kenny I will be sure to keep that in mind . he leave . chenille stand there , mad at he . mad at herself . 156 int . free clinic ( south baltimore ) - day 156 the lowest common denominator for misery . ( continued ) 98 . 156 continued : 156 the room be fill with young woman , most they black , and child of all age . they be pile up like car on a freeway , wait to be see . the noise level be at a peak when chenille and Sara walk in . chenille 's carry a fussy Christopher , he diaper bag and she backpack . Sara , want to be helpful , reach for Christopher . SARA want I to take he ? chenille shake she head . walk to reception to sign herself in . Sara take in the face of girl young than herself , the grime and gloom of the room . it 's incomprehensible that this be a place where sick child be bring to get well . chenille finish at the desk . returns to Sara . they cross to a corner of the clinic where they sit -- on the floor . chenille indicate the receptionist bitterly . chenille that wench . you gotta stand over she to make sure she put you name on the damn list . triflin ' bitch . chenille start to change Christopher 's diaper . he start to wail and flail . chenille can not placate he . one of he kick connect with chenille 's open backpack , send book and papers fly . Sara can see the vein stand up on chenille 's neck . SARA I will get them . she do . chenille 's finally get control of Christopher but he 's still cry . chenille slip off he dirty diaper . when Sara hand she a clean one , chenille regards she strangely , as if just remember that she 's there . chenille so you old man flip about the fight . ( with some animus ) probably think it 's all Patrick 's fault . SARA no . I explain about nikki . chenille right . you put it all on she . none of it 's on you . ( continued ) 99 . 156 continued : 156 SARA she start it , chenille . she want to start it . I tell you what she say . chenille flash a look , finish up with Christopher . she pick he up , put a bottle in he mouth . cradle he . chenille maybe she do not have no business gettin ' in you face . but she have a reason to say what she say . a reason ? Sara study she , try to fathom the remark . SARA so you agree with she ? you think I do not belong with Patrick . chenille what I think do not matter . but you and he act like it do not bother people that you be together . like it do not hurt people to see . SARA ( she irish up ) we like each other . what be the big fuck deal ? it 's he and I . not we and other ' people . ' the white girl with the rise - color reason . chenille glare at Sara , she voice design to snatch the blinder off . chenille Black people , Sara . Black women. ( passionately ) Patrick 's about somethin' . he 's smart . he 's motivate . he 's for real . he be not gonna make no baby and not take care of them or run the street , fuck up he life . he 's gonna do something ' with himself . here you come , white and right , and you take one of the few decent man leave after jail , drug and drive - bys . that 's what nikki mean about you up in we world . Sara sit there , stupefy . understand . not understanding . ( continued ) 100 . 156 continued : 156 SARA there 's only one world , chenille . ( pause ) I think we be friend . guess I be wrong . she get up , walk out . something in chenille want to call after she , but she 's too miserable , too tear up inside to do it . 157 int . feetz - bar - night 157 Patrick and malakai nurse drink . the music fail to move they . they have too much on they mind . malakai fire up a cigarette . malakai so what you gonna do ? patrick how many time you gonna ask I that ? malakai it 's payback time . either you down or you be not . either you m'boy or you not . simple as that . Patrick take a long moment . the choice be simple . it 's the decision that 's complicated . he downs he drink . hedge . patrick even if I do ride , you be not get nobody but lip and lip will get a nigger 's ass kill . Quick . malakai eastside be not get no firepower . I get some shit , man . AK - 47 . we go in , get out with one spray down . just then snookie and Sara walk toward they from the dance floor . something in they face unsettle Sara but snookie , oblivious , dance up to the bar , snap he finger and bob he head . snookie you see we , Patrick ? ( continued ) 101 . 157 continued : 157 malakai ( a storm warning ) you see we , man ? we be rappin ' . snookie rebuff he , keep talk to Patrick ... snookie I and Sara light it up ! y-e-o-w ! ... bump he butt against Sarah 's hip , do a very ungainly half split . Sara and Patrick exchange smile . malakai be not amused . he flatten snookie 's ass with the business end of he foot . snookie sprawl flat on he face to the floor . now malakai 's amused . Sara look at Patrick . Patrick scowl at malakai . patrick that shit be not funny . snookie ( spring up ) damn right it be not funny . malakai I think you like it down there . that 's you specialty , be not it ? crawl ? snookie that be a reflex action , man . and you just plain rude and wrong to bring the shit up in mix company . Sara 's not quite sure what they be allude to but she do not want the displeasure of malakai 's company . she tap Patrick . SARA I gotta get home . ready ? malakai 's eye slice into she . first snookie , now this bitch . steppin ' all over he conversation with Patrick . malakai no , he be not ready . he 's talkin' . to I . a-b conversation . gotta go ? C yourself the fuck home . SARA ( a real reflex action ) fuck you . malakai lunge for she . the move be so swift and sudden Patrick overturn he stool to dive between they . he sweep Sara behind he , into the path of a startle snookie . stands there nose - to-nose with malakai , stare he down , furious with he . patrick have you lose you motherfuckin' mind , man ? huh ? have you ! Sara , frighten and freeze , do not know what to do . snookie 's voice weakly creak out . he 's try to rise to the occasion . snookie Patrick , man , c'mon . but malakai and Patrick stay where they stand . too close for comfort . both in the danger zone . malakai regards Patrick with a combination of cruel anger and deep , genuine hurt . malakai you take that bitch 's back and will not even cover mine ? patrick ' Cause you wrong , malakai ! malakai no ! you wrong . you be wrong . you be not worth shit no more . ( venomously ) get out my face , and take that ho with you . Patrick buck up . Sara walk over to he , gently clutches he sleeve . it 's no easier to turn away from malakai than it be to walk away from a lifetime of friendship . but Patrick do . with Sara hold onto he arm , at he side , he turn and walk away . 158 ext . STREET - SARA and patrick - night 158 walk . a heavy silence . Sara look over at he . Patrick do not say anything . but after a moment , he reach down and take she hand and they walk on like this together . over music ( e.g. busta rhyme ' " dangerous . " ) 159 int . dance studio - SARA and patrick - morning 159 practice she free form , a hip - hop ballet hybrid . they be both tired , irritable , beat down . they have be there awhile . Sara make a misstep . Patrick stop . cold . Sara grit on he . ( continued ) 103 . 159 continued : 159 SARA we should keep go . patrick you mess up . SARA I know I mess up . I will get it right the next time . patrick no . you gonna get it right now so you can do it perfect next time . she glare at he , exasperate . so many thing bottled up . SARA I can not work like this . I can not dance like this . patrick like what ? SARA like this . you dictating to I . he cross the room , cut off the music . look at she . Sara walk over to a window seat near he . flop down . patrick what 's wrong , Sara ? SARA nothing 's wrong . ( except ) I can not figure thing out . patrick what thing ? the audition ? you be not get nothin ' to worry about . I tell you . I will be there . SARA thing , Patrick . thing between we . thing between we and they . patrick I do not know there be a ' they . ' SARA well , open you pretty brown eye , look the hell around . ( more ) ( continued ) 104 . 159 continued : 159 SARA ( cont 'd ) ( he 's so nonpluss ) everything 's screw up . nobody want to see we together , not even chenille . I do not know why they feel that way . how can I know ? maybe they have a point , Patrick . patrick they only get a point if you believe they get a point , Sara . she look at he ... and love he ... and do not know what to do . SARA I be just say that we should think about this , that 's all . patrick that 's a fuckin ' ' nough . SARA why be you get mad ? patrick because I like to think for myself , run my own life , and I think you do too . Sara look at he . now she 's get mad . SARA you be never gonna run you own life as long as you keep run back to malakai every time he fuck up or fuck you over . she 's cross the line . but Patrick respond so deliberately , so calmly prosaic , that she do not immediately realize it ... patrick first of all , malakai be not never fuck I over . second of all , you do not know he , Sara , what he be through . matter of fact , you do not know shit about none of it . so do not come off to I like you do . ( continued ) 105 . 159 continued : 159 SARA I know he 's lose , Patrick ! everybody but you can see that . and if you keep reach back for he , you be gonna wind up lose too . ... until he erupt . patrick who the fuck be you to say he 's lose ? malakai have my back when you be busy gee-whizzin ' in the wood with you backward - ass , redneck friend . SARA they be not redneck ! Patrick yank he boombox off the floor , glare at she . patrick you know what ? the hell with you . Sara yell after he . her voice echoes in the empty studio . SARA the hell with you too ! 160 ext . patterson high - hallway outside sara' classroom - 160 day Sara exit , look pretty much like she feel . like shit . she walk a few pace . see Patrick . they eye connect for a brief , awful moment before they continue on they respective way . 161 int . patterson high - sara' locker / hallway - 161 later that day Sara 's at she locker . Patrick walk up to she . she look at he , try to smile past the dour expression on he face . SARA hi. Patrick do not say anything at first . but then : ( continued ) 106 . 161 continued : 161 patrick think you might need this on Saturday . I be not gonna be able to make it . he hand she a audio cassette of she free form music . Sara gaze at it , then up at he , understanding what this mean . she will not let he see how it shatter she . he hesitates , as if he want to say something else . but Sara turn she back on he and Patrick walk away . another angle - toni approach Sara 's locker . have see the encounter between Patrick and Sara , she 's as smug and overbearing as ever . toni Lovers ' quarrel ? you be better off . that menace to society would have break you heart and spend all you money in a news flash . trust I on that , Sara . Sara stare at she , uncomprehend at first . she resist the urge to slap the smile off Toni 's face . she get in it instead . SARA Toni , listen carefully . you be a simple bitch and you do not have any friend , black or white , because nobody like a fuck asshole . she storm off leave Toni , for once , speechless . 162 int . patterson high - hallway / cafeteria - day 162 Sara . caught up in a throng of kid and somehow very separate from they . the wall have be transformed into veritable billboard for the senior prom -- decoration be everywhere . Sara continue down the hallway almost aimlessly into the ... 163 int . cafeteria - continuous action 163 Sara . carry a food tray , eye search for a place to sit . she pick up chenille and she girl at one table ... nikki and she crew at another ... Patrick and snookie ... and , finally , Toni . Sara dump she food into a trash can , walk out . 107 . 164 int . dance studio - day 164 Sara . alone . she push the tape from Patrick into a ancient recorder . the music come on . she take to the floor . her face be like a pinch nerve . she want to cry . she try to dance . 165 int . sara' room - night 165 Sara 's on the futon , flipping through a photo album . picture of she and glynn . Roy knock on the partition . wait a beat before he come in . he look at Sara . she keep flipping . roy I be wonder ... how long you plan on hat I ? maybe I be a optimist but I hope there 's some kind of timetable . ( this raise a small smile ) well , I do not wanna bug you . I just come in to say good luck . Sara regards he quizzically . Roy go to she dresser , pick up a envelope from juilliard . roy I see the return address . get curious . it be open . I read it . I know I should not have but at least now I have a excuse to tell you how proud I be of you , Sara . SARA ( quietly miserable ) I be gonna tell you about the audition , Roy . I mean to . she 's clutching the photo album . Roy sit down next to she . roy tomorrow 's the big day ? SARA uh-huh . the big day . roy you bum out about it ? ( as she shake she head ) you be a worse liar than I be father . ( continued ) 108 . 165 continued : 165 SARA you be not so bad . ( close to a confession ) I do not give you much to work with . it 's not like I have be the perfect daughter . roy well , it be not like I deserve a perfect daughter . I screw up . do everything in a hurry and still think I have all the time in the world . to be in love with you mother . be a father to you . but time fly . you look up one day and all you get to show for yourself be a pretty little girl who hate you gut and will not talk to you because too much time go by . Sara 's eye well up . before she can stop herself , she 's cry . SARA I do not hate you . I miss she . I miss Mom ... ( as Roy take she in he arm , try to console she ) ... Patrick 's piss at I . I be piss at he . he 's not come tomorrow and I want he there and I do not know what to do . Sara draw back from Roy , wipe she tear . collect herself . roy you want he there . I understand that . but whatever he bring to the table , Patrick can not dance for you , Sara . you be the bottom line out there . this be you chance to be the dancer juilliard come to see . SARA I want somebody there who love I . Roy regards she softly , significantly , the irony implicit . ( continued ) 109 . 165 continued : 165 roy I love you . Sara look up . for the first time in she life , she believe he . 166 int . hospital - i.c.u . waiting room / corridor - evening 166 Patrick 's bounce on he knee , speak to arvel 's parent , who be clearly stricken . arvel 's father , stoic , hold he wife 's hand . arvel 's mother knead a kleenex , she face etched with tear . Patrick hug she . stands up to see malakai freeze in the doorway , put off by the palpable grief . Patrick cross over to he . they retreat quietly into the corridor , they concern for arvel a shaky ground for conciliation . malakai why he mom 's cryin ' like that ? arvel 's gonna make it , right ? that what 's he nurse say . she tell I herself , ' you friend 's gonna make it . ' do that bitch lie to I ! talk to I , Patrick ! be he go ? Patrick steer malakai away from the wait room , back he against a wall and , in a gentle but firm way , hold he there . patrick they just get bad news , man . they do not need to hear it again . ( try to be strong ; falter ) arvel 's fightin' . he 's gonna pull through . thing be , when he do , they do not think ... he be not ... shit . arvel be not gonna walk again . in that moment , whatever 's leave of malakai 's soul crumble . he look at Patrick with aggrieve disbelief and then a building anger . a stronger man would probably cry . Patrick ease he grip . malakai straighten he body , cock he head slightly . Studies Patrick in this crooked , derisive way . malakai I get a good reason now , man ? ( more ) ( continued ) 110 . 166 continued : 166 malakai ( cont 'd ) ( off Patrick 's silence ) aw 'ight , college boy . you do what you think be the right thing . I 'ma do what I know be the only thing . he start to walk off , do not get far before Patrick call out . patrick malakai ... ( a fleeting hesitation ) ... when it 's on , I will be there . 167 ext . playground ( o'donnell height park ) - day 167 group of child scatter around wear - out playground equipment . the gleeful squeal of they be everywhere . Patrick guide Christopher down a slide ; chenille catch he at the bottom . Christopher can not get enough of this ride and Patrick and chenille repeat the routine throughout they conversation . chenille why you so quiet ? ( off Patrick 's brood look ) Patrick reynold be not get nothin ' to say ? that 's a first . ( catch she son with a whee ! ; then ) you know how I go off on folk sometimes . I mean it and then I do not mean it . like what I say to Sara . guess she tell you . patrick ( monotone ) I do not care what you say , chenille . chenille Patrick . you ass be on you back and you lip be on the ground . you care , baby brother . and not just about what I say . ( as he look at she ) you seriously like Sara . she get a serious jone for you . be I lyin ' ? ( continued ) 111 . 167 continued : 167 patrick it 's besides the point . whatever point it be you tryin ' to make . chenille I be sayin ' you can not help who you love , Patrick . at least you find somebody who love you back . Patrick regards chenille impassively . hand Christopher to she . patrick I gotta go . chenille to where ? to who ? malakai ? ( suck she tooth ) you be not through with that fool yet . patrick he 's not a fool , chenille . chenille no . you know what ? you be the fool , Patrick . you think you let malakai down and all you do be try to pull yourself up . ai not no blame or shame in that . patrick ( very low ; a break smile ) I still gotta go . check you later . holding Christopher , chenille watch Patrick walk out of the playground . disappear . she and Christopher move on to a seesaw . chenille bob he up and down on one end of it . she 's snuggling in Christopher 's face when the other end suddenly drop to the ground . chenille look up . see Kenny . 168 ext . playground - swing - chenille and kenny - later 168 they be side by side on swing . Christopher 's nestle against Kenny 's chest , soundly snoozing . they slowly swing throughout . kenny it cut I , what you say . ( continued ) 112 . 168 continued : 168 chenille ( mean this ) I should not have ... I be trippin' . kenny you always trip . I be use to that . besides , you be right . you be wrong , too . so be i. I need to do better . ai not no doubt about that . chenille I know I come down on you hard about money , but I would rather you spend the time . seriously . kenny ( jokingly ) so you do not want any money ? chenille I do not say all that . he smile . gently rub Christopher 's brow . look at she . chenille smile at he . kenny I love my son , chenille . you know that , do not you ? chenille yeah . I always know that . 169 ext . baltimore school of performing art - establishing 169 shot - saturday evening of the building , the downtown skyline , etc . 170 int . baltimore school of performing art - auditorium - 170 same time the house light be on . several seat in the front row be take up by judge for juilliard . further back be the family and friend of other dancer . push in and favor Roy among they . 171 int . backstage area - SARA 171 warming up , other dancer , all in costume , around she . her eye wander from the clock to the stage door . ( continued ) 113. 171 continued : 171 a sign on it read : " juilliard school of dance - baltimore audition . " she stare at it , finger the clover leaf necklace with a unsettle sense of deja vu . angle - woman with a pince - nez with a clipboard , navigate among the dancer with a clipboard . she call out : pince - nez Johnson . Sara Johnson ... 172 ext . STREET ( o'donnell height ) - night 172 Patrick 's wait on the sidewalk . malakai pull up in tute 's BMW . lip 's in the backseat . Patrick get into the car . it take off down the street . 173 ext . / int . STREET - BMW - drive - night 173 rap music blast on the radio . no one in the car be say anything . malakai have a " 40 " between he leg . he sip from it , pass it to Patrick . Patrick take a short swig , pass it back to lip . as he do this , a set of key fall out of he jacket into he lap . Patrick pick they up . look at the key chain , he present from Sara . he look at malakai . patrick pull over . ( as malakai glance at he , not understanding ) this be not helpin ' nobody , ' Kai . I be out . I mean it . stop the car . lip awww , shit . here we go . malakai ( furious ) what you mean you out ? you think I 'ma let you punk ass bail on I again ? Patrick start to open the door . malakai speed up . the car careen down the street , squeal around corner . finally come to a red light . stop . Patrick start to open the door . malakai grab he by the jacket . pull he gun . Patrick look at malakai and now he see he . see that he 's lose and desperate ... and dangerous . ( continued ) 114 . 173 continued : 173 patrick what you gonna do , ' Kai ? you gonna shoot I ? go ahead ! you will have to ! lip let he out ! we do not need he . malakai shut the fuck up . Patrick jerk himself loose . open the door . malakai cock the gun . Patrick 's face flinch at the sound of it . he can feel it train on he back as he get out the car . but malakai can not do it . would not do it . he take off like a bat out of hell . 174 ext . STREET 174 Patrick head down the street . as he walk , he can hear the sound of gunfire behind he , and then the sound like a explosion . a car horn go off in a persistent drine . Patrick stop . stands there for a moment . then he 's walk again . without look back . and then he 's run away from the mayhem behind he . 175 ext . STREET - same time 175 the BMW 's tangle around a street lamp . Inside malakai slump over the steering wheel , a bullet through he head . 176 int . baltimore school of performing art - auditorium - 176 night pince - nez lead Sara to the stage . announce she . Sara walk onstage . she nod down at the judge , look out into the audience . her eye anxiously search for Patrick ... hope . her music begin . grieg 's peer gy ( Morning ) . Sara start to sway , move like a angel through the soft cloud of this music . her line , proportion and balance be impeccable . ( continued ) 115 . 176 continued : 176 tchaikovsky 's swan Lake ( tanz der schwane ) begin and Sara slowly blossom , open herself up to the music like a flower . she complete every turn and twist and leap with confidence , energy and persuasion . she be do what a dancer should do -- engage the audience , ignite they imagination , draw they in . angle - judge perk up , take note , attentive to she . SARA finish with a flawless arabesque . look out . reverse angle - judge one of the more imperious - appear judge remove he glass , speak to she . Sara 's still try to catch she breath . stern judge you prepare a free-form ? SARA yes ... sir ... they have ... my music . judge do it have a theme ? SARA yes. emo ... ( clear she throat ) emotion . the judge turn around , shout to someone we can not see : stern judge cue Johnson 's music . music up : a remix of hip -hop ( e.g. , lauryn' hill be doo wop ; nas be " we will survive " and jay Z 's latest ) and snatch of classical . SARA stand there . do not move . can not . she finally walk up to the edge of the stage . look down at the judge , she eye fill with trepidation . her voice be a shaky whisper . ( continued ) 116 . 176 continued : 176 SARA I be sorry . I be not ready . can you start it over again ? reverse angle the judge wave off the music . it stop . he regards Sara impatiently . stern judge be you ready now ? before she can respond , Patrick 's voice boom from the back of the auditorium . patrick ( o.s. ) yes , sir . she 's ready . angle widen to reveal he come forward . rushing for the stage . he pause at the apron of it . look up at Sara . she peer down at he , astound . shaken . he smile at she . she smile back . Patrick 's eye softly take she in . patrick you can do it . ( because ) ai not nobody watchin ' you but I . Sara 's eye focus on he . she nod . turn to the judge . SARA I be ready . as she music cue up , Patrick slowly back away from the stage . Sara begin to dance . she start out strong and get stronger . every emotion she feel , every experience she 's have , come to life in a way that we have never see before , not even when she be practice with Patrick . her body have finally find a way to get inside this kind of music , to elevate its meaning and transform she dance . the music end . the light go up . Sara stand in the middle of the stage breathless , sweat . she lift she head slowly and the angle widen to reveal -- ( continued ) 117 . 176 continued : 176 Patrick let out a giant whoop ... the judge react and the audience gasp ... ... as he bound onto the stage and ... Roy jump to he foot . proudly and loudly clap . just like glynn . angle - SARA overwhelm beyond belief . Patrick 's come toward she . she fly into he arm , free and happy , overjoy . but the triumph of she performance and the sheer bliss of the moment be transcend by something deeper and clearer , which be she love for Patrick . judge struggle to maintain they and the proceeding 's decorum , since the audience , catch up in the throes of this excitement , have begin to loudly , enthusiastically react . stern judge lady and gentleman , please ! ( to Patrick ) Young man ! get off the stage . wider to reveal the room . Patrick hugging Sara , look down at the judge . patrick all due respect , if ya will do not let this girl in , you be crazy ! Sara pull Patrick back . walk alone to the edge of the stage , compose and professional again . she regards the judge with a beam resolve and a ballerina 's curtsy , then simply say : SARA thank you . very much . stern judge Ms. Johnson ! Sara stop . turn back to he . the judge smile . stern judge I can not say this on the record -- yet . but welcome to juilliard . ( continued ) 118. 176 continued : 176 sara' face lovely and radiant as it break into a cheek - to - cheek smile . wider as she walk slowly , deliberately back to Patrick . stop . look at he . just look . and then she throw she arm around he neck , kissing and hugging he . emotional . Patrick swing she into the air , twirl she around and around , as we : dissolve to : 177 int . HOTEL ballroom - senior prom - night 177 over slow music ( possible theme song ) : Sara ( in a gown ) and Patrick ( in a tux ) . Dancing ( as if they have dance from the last frame into this one ) . they be beautiful . wider to reveal the entire dance floor ... and we see that it 's the senior prom . the room 's dress up like a dreamy , futuristic romantic illusion . the ceiling 's ablaze with tiny , star-like light ; under they large pouf of cotton cloud hang . glitter , mirrore ball dangle over the main floor . senior dance in traditional and cut edge tux and mouth - water , eye-popping version of dress and gowns . camera pan the floor , picking up : a surprisingly dash snookie and the fly girl . as they dance , he bravely but rather too abruptly dip she ... diggy ( in a glitter tuxedo and spike hair ) and she date ... nikki with whom we shall perceive to be the Howard University guy . in any event , he look slightly bored . chenille with Kenny , smile at Sara as she and Patrick dance by . camera favor and push in on ... Sara and Patrick . gazing at each other . the song end with they in each other 's arm . fade out . the end