the fighter written by Scott Silver , Paul tamasy &amp ; Eric Johnson credit over black . gradually hear the sound of metal scraping against asphalt ... title : lowell , Massachusetts - 1993 fade in : 1 five - corner intersection - lowell , massachusett - afternoon . 2 forward moving walking steadicam wide angle Pov 2 abandon textile mill on both side , a two -story flat- iron style building split the road 100 yard ahead . still hear metal scraping against asphalt .. . then it stop . bottom right corner of frame , a wheelbarrow fill with 250 pound of black asphalt edge into frame , follow by the guy sweat , struggle as he push it , GEORGE " micky " ward jr. , 31 , short , compact , close - cropped reddish - blonde hair , little boy face , glance over he shoulder , dump the wheelbarrow on old crack cement .. . pick up a scraping - spread tool on a metal broom stick , and commence to spread out the new asphalt . try to complete a newly paved road to the right which end in this intersection . the scraping tool spread the new asphalt . micky sweat , dirty from asphalt . now skinny bare arm start shadowbox around micky work . only the arm enter frame in combination , shadow punch . micky ( ignore punch , keep spread asphalt ) will you help I finish this ? he turn and kinda smile as lean away with the rake , then slip and move with the punch be throw by richard " dicky " ecklund jr. , 38 , micky 's half - brother , skeleton - like arm , backwards baseball cap , short , work boot , enter frame , shadowbox around micky , smile miss tooth . the two brother play spar , joke , have fun . micky throw a and dicky play snap he head back . then dicky do it to micky . then micky throw a upper cut and dicky pop he head up , break toy robot . dicky you knock my block off ! he reset he head , punch micky . micky you knock my block off ! ( c.c ) nttnttft ) 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 1a . 2 continued : 2 he reset he head , micky throw again , dicky mime go down , then get up immediately . micky ( count like ref ) - six , seven , eight . [ take dicky 's hand ] can you continue ? [ dicky nod ] who 's the president ? dicky five o'clock . micky wave he hand like dicky 's do . dicky throw another play punch and micky ham up go down , get knock out , foot fly up in the air . ( conttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 2. 2 continued : ( 2 ) 2 dicky he 's down ! micky Ward be down ! 4 - 3 - 2 - 1 , it 's ovah ! he 's out ! a surprising ovahhand right ! Dick ecklund Jr. be back , right hereon HBO , lady and gentleman ! pan reveal , HBO documentary camerman , and a producer taping it all . guy on the road crew crack up in the background . dicky the pride a lowell be back ! he pull micky up into a brotherly arm bump / hug hand clasped . micky smack the back of dicky 's head as dicky raise micky 's arm in the air like a champ . dicky ( shout ) my brothah 's gonna beat mamby , next week , on espn , sorry HBO ! camera crew laugh as dicky help micky up , hold brother ' arm in the AIR , e.l.o .'s ' don't bring I down ' start ; ( rnnttnttft ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 3. 2 continued : ( 3 ) 2 camera pull away from they fast down the STREET leaving they SMALL in the distance -- smash CUT to : 3 street , lowell - day 3 dicky walk like a hero down the street of work class lowell , local spilling out of storefront , lunch counter , HBO camera follow he . dicky ( shadowbox , move ) look who 's here ! I be comin ' back , lowell ! micky 's gonna win , we get HBO here ! look at this -- he walk down the street like he 's run for office , people shouting he out he name . . . most everyone know he ... and even that who do not be charme by this toothless pied piper ... some look confuse , surprised by he comeback , some hold memorabilia from he sugar Ray Leonard fight to sign . he kiss a girl , laugh he miss - toothe grin . dicky high - fives 19 - year - old ray ramalho , crew cut , body bent by cerebral palsy . dicky Ray Ray ! smile , you be gonna be in my movie ! HBO 's makin ' a fuckin ' movie about I ! and my brothah 's gonna win next week ! he grab micky 's arm again , they be trail by the road crew guy ( one hold a boom box ) walk behind dicky shaking they head , smile , follow . " do not bring I down " continue ... everybody shouting out dicky 's name , " dicky ! " " dicky ! " " dicky ! " some call " micky ! " " micky ! " " micky ! " CUT to : 4 lowell man on the STREET interview . what dicky &amp ; micky meagh to the city .. . what the city be all about , break dream , no hope . . . how micky &amp ; dicky be both the pride of lowell now &amp ; forever ... tar and donna come up and say be you talkin about my family ? that's not right . other sister come up ask question : pork , Little Alice . " let 's go to the bah ! " sherry shout . time CUT to : the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 4. 5 the foxtail lounge - couple square , the acre - night 5 . dicky move through the crowd , punch the air dance in the dark crowded smoky club , old disco ball scatter light on gray carpete wall , " do not bring I down " still play ... dicky ( shout over the music ) meet my muthah ! we be back on HBO , ma - his mother , alice ward , 57 , catch off guard , smoking , wave they away , hide she face . alice no ! jesus ! I be not ready ! catch a glimpse of she tough , sexy , fighter 's nose , year of hard life , bleach - blonde hair , suck on a lucky Strike , drink by at a white - top table cluttere with empty beer bottle , overflow ashtray , cigarettes burn out . dicky ( shouting over music ) my sistah ! six of Alice 's seven daughter arrive , look up as the camera pan and pause for each one : gail " red dog " ( ecklund ) carney , 35 , skinny , red hair ; sherry " the baby " ; phyllis " beaver " ecklund , 32 , blonde red , tall . cathy " pork " ecklund , 30 , full breast , bleach - blonde ; " little " alice ecklund , 31 , a mini-version of Alice ; donna ( ecklund ) jayne ; 36 , round face , bleach - blonde , cindy " tar " ( ecklund ) cooper , 33 , waste ; and they be like a bleach blond , cigarette smoking Greek chorus that trail Alice everywhere . pan from one two the next as dicky introduce they , see each distinctive , harden face . dicky ( as each nod to camera ) that 's Red Dog , sherry , the baby , beavah , pork , Little Alice , donna , and tar . they follow my muthah everywhere ! micky ( holding a napkin to he face ) I be Mary , the eighth sister . Alice run for the bathroom . dicky chase after she through the crowd and the smoke and the music . ( conttnttft ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 4a . 5 continued : 5 dicky grab and pull she onto the crowded little dance floor .. . dicky and Alice dance . micky and the sister join in . ( C onttntjfn ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 5 . 5 continued : ( 2 ) 5 through the crowd micky stare at charlene fleming , 25 , tall long red hairy strong , serve drink , guy encouragi no she to do shot , hesitates , they pull she around the bar , move in slight slow motion , micky see she ass , then she cl eavage when she turn , bend over to do shot with they . smash CUT to : 6 everyone sitting toasting with drink -- 6 dicky , Alice , Little Alice , donna , Red Dog ( gail ) , beaver ( Phyllis ) , tar ( Cindy ) , pork ( Cathy ) , HBO producer , cameraman laugh sit along the wall at table . micky just drink water and watch , from afar bartender charlene fleming at the bar . HBO producer I be confuse , George 's whose father ? dicky ( toothless grin ) - who know how many fathah , Alice be not prejudice , she give everybody a chance ! Alice punch dicky in the arm . little alice ( nods ) Dick ecklund sr. be dicky 's father ( conttnttft ) 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 6 . 6 continued : 6 sherry and donna 's , gail 's and Phyllis 's fathah . sherry and even though I be a eklund , and so be Cindy and Cathy , George be really we dad . dicky George be my poppa . micky but we get the eklund name . alice ( horrify by all of this ) Dick ecklund and I be separate . it 's not like I be foolin ' around . producer look confuse . tar ( cindy ) georgie 's fingah be so fat he can not dial the phone . Pan to George Ward , hold a roofing invoice , try to dial the button on a pay phone next to they . GEORGE ( try to dial pay phone ) shut up , tah . Alice and everyone laugh . George read the roofing invoice , hold the pay phone , and give they all the finger . short &amp ; fat . alice that 's not helpin ' , George . red dog ( gail ) look at that fat thing ! they all crack up . camera track with GEORGE walking with micky a step toward the bar , staring at charlene the bartender tending bar 15 - feet away . GEORGE you can not beat that ass , come on . George pat he son 's shoulder as he stand behind micky at the bar , both look at charlene . awkward . ( rnnttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 6aa . 6 continued : ( 2 ) 6 she glance up at he once in the midst of she bartend . he do not say anything . she ignore he . it 's awkward . charlene ( work , not look ) be you gonna say anything ? be you gonna order a drink ? be you gonna just stand there lookin ' at my ass ? you father look at my ass but at least he talk . micky look at she . charlene ( work not look ) he think you be the great , but he do not tell I you be mute . micky you be Kenny Fleming 's sistah . ( runttnttrt ) 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 6a . 6 continued : ( 3 ) 6 charlene ( work , not look ) oh , you talk . you pave street , right ? micky I do , and I be a fightah . ( conttnttpd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 7. 6 continued : ( 4 ) 6 charlene ( work , not look ) I hear you be a steppin ' stone . micky a steppin ' stone ?! I be no steppin ' stone . what do you mean steppin ' stone ? charlene ( finally turn and look ) the guy -- they use -- against othah fightah to move the othah fightah up . micky and charlene stare at each other . he be take aback . micky maybe I have a few -- tough fight , but that 's not who I be . [ she stare at he , gaug he ] . next 's gonna show who I be . drunk guy ( shout from behind micky ) he 's gonna lose again ! [ micky look away , piss , like he 's gonna leave ] . scotch &amp ; soda one for I and one for charlene , move that sugar ass and get the drink ! micky suddenly slap the guy fast twice with one hand , the guy kinda fall to the bar . micky be nice ! be respectful . do not disrespect she . charlene watch , slightly turn on . dicky ( jump in front of micky ) do not hurt ya hand , we get a fight next week ! ( turn to the drunk ) - what you say to my bruthah ? what you say to I ? other bartender plunk down the drunk 's drink . drunk guy ( peak above the bar ) I be sorry . I be sorry , micky . ( ccnttnttpd 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 7a . 6 continued : ( 5 ) 6 dicky and whatta ya say to I ? drunk guy I be sorry , dicky . dicky ( to charlene , hug micky 's shoulder ) that 's right , and I be takin ' ya drink . my bruthah 's gonna beat saoul mamby ! this guy 's gonna be a champion , he 's a great guy , a great fightah . ( nnnttnt7rt ) 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 8. 6 continued : ( 6 ) 6 he take the guy 's drink , kiss smile micky on the cheek . charlene stare . micky that 's my big brothah . taught I everything i know . HBO 's doin ' a movie about ' im . charlene everybody 's talkin ' about it . but who be you fightin ' ? saoul , sal , saul ? mamby , mamby . momby . what kinda name be saoul mamby ? micky Black . and jewish . charlene where would they find a guy like that ? micky he 's no joke , formah World champ . charlene formah champ . micky but I match up good against he . charlene what 's that mean ? micky I be lightah , not gonna brawl he , I be gonna outbox he . charlene I do not know there be a difference . micky brawl , ya slug it out , I hit you , you hit I ; boxin' , like a chess game , I pick my punch to take he down . I be gonna go head , body , head , body , see I go up he side , I hit he here , arm come down , I go back up [ demonstrate on she , close , look at she shy ] I would like to maybe take you out some time . ( cnnttntiff ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 8aa . 6 continued : ( 7 ) 6 charlene smile at micky 's awkwardness , drink . a drunk guy squeeze she around the shoulder , she shove he off , turn away , guard , take care of business other side of bar . charlene be you marry ? micky married ? would I ask you out if I be marry ? charlene it happen all the time , trust I . micky I be not marry . I wanna get to know you bettah . I could take you to dinnah and a movie , how ' bout that ? I be not marry . I get a daughtah I see every othah weekend . let I take you out . charlene when ? micky Saturday I get back from Atlantic City . ( CC ) nttnttrd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 8a . 6 continued : ( 8 ) 6 she hold he gaze a moment . she pick up a pen and start to write on a white cocktail napkin . she write " charlene " and she number on the napkin , then draw a lopsided heart around it . micky ( cont 'd ) ( take the napkin , smile ) next Saturday . dinnah and a movie . ( cnnttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 9. 6 continued : ( 9 ) 6 a fight break out next to micky , jostling he but he remain oblivious , happily read the napkin . George , cigarette dangle from he lip , clap for micky . smash CUT to : 7 ramalho's west end gym - ring , 1st floor - next day 7 micky jump rope in the ring , stop , sweat , move around the ring . HBO producer sit bored , look at he watch . dilapidate gym , peel paint , expose pipe . owner , art ramalho , 60 , push - in nose , start work a couple kid on old duct - tape heavy bag , speed bag , include jose santana , 20 , middleweight . micky , sweat , lean on the rope , glance at the clock , 11:25 . explosive laughter and cackle of women - micky look across gym : 4 sister laugh uproariously as HBO cameraman tape . HBO cameraman ( smiling ) why be gail the toughest ? sherry cuz she 's quiet , but she will straighten anyone out . gail make a fist , crack up , cover she miss tooth . HBO cameraman whose you mother 's favorite ? tar the princess . sherry the girl . they all crack up . red dog they never have to do nothin' , never take out the garbage , or clean -- sherry you can never wake them up , shhh , the baby ah sleepin' . micky that 's cuz we hadda train ! come on ! ( rnnttnttfn ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 9a . 7 continued : 7 sherry [ start crying ] this be ah family and they be makin ' a movie , it 's we ( mnttnttpd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 10. 7 continued : ( 2 ) 7 red dog she 's the baby , sherry 's the baby , very emotional . tar ah mothah 's excited about the movie , dicky comin ' back . and we hope micky win ( cross herself ) . smash CUT to : micky ( mid - interview ) dicky 's six year older than I . ( pause ) I use to carry he bag ( pause ) to he workout , some of he fight . he 's a bear fighter , very natural talent . I always hadda work harder , and he 's be my teacher . he 's -- ya know - [ real love ] dicky , nobody talk like he , move like he , he fight sugar Ray Leonard , ten round , he 's the hero of lowell . everybody know dicky . HBO producer he 's s'ppose to be trainin ' you right now , right ? be he still come or do we mix this up ? sister ( os ) he will be here -- should be -- micky he kinda go on he own schedule sometimes . he will be here . -- micky o'keefe ( os ) you know where he be -- they turn and look : mickey o'keefe , 50 , cop in uniform , walk up to the ring . sister react with bit of surprise , drama . mickey o'keefe you gotta fight next week , micky , you gotta be trainin ' on time . micky he will be here . ( c'.c ) nttntt1 fl ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 10a . 7 continued : ( 3 ) 7 mickey o'keefe come on , I can do the mit for ya , but then I gotta get back to work . he jump into the ring and hold the mit for micky who hit they , they work the mit . sister whisper , gossip . suddenly the door burst open , everyone look : Alice , make un , hair do , high heel , gold earring , new dress , grand entrance with dicky 's scrapbook under she arm ... two more daughter , Little Alice and beaver , follow she . she stop when she see the camera guy look up , unprepare . alice what 's he doin ' ? where 's dicky ? micky look at Alice ! all dress up for the movie ! alice outta the ring , o' keefe , you can not do what my dicky do ! mickey o'keefe you dicky be not here , Alice . micky ( laughing ) where could he possibly be , ma? undah the cabbage patch ? ( CC ) nttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 11. 7 continued : ( 4 ) 7 alice ( to the crew , laugh ) oh , micky . micky 's a clown . dicky go to the store for I . micky yeah . he will be here . alice get outta the ring , o' keefe , dicky 's the numbah one trainah , should be that way in the movie . mickey o'keefe Jesus , I come by to help ! I gotta go back to work anyhow , it be not fair to micky . he need to be trainin ' . he 's not bein ' handle right . alice ( wave off HBO producer ) do not -- he 's not part of this , forget he . he 's numbah two man o'keefe leave under alice' gaze ; micky look kind of laugh to himself shaking he head . then exhales , serious , looking down , bit frustrate .. alice you need I walkin ' in again ? ( turn back to the door ) - I be not ready last night , but I be ready today . sister ( laughing ) she 's all dress up ! look at she ! micky Alice be dress up . producer nod for cameraman to turn to door . alice re-enters . Alice turn to a old frame black and white photograph on the wall ... a row of 14 year old boy pose in fighter 's robe and glove . alice that 's the Golden glove , before that the silvah mitten , micky do that too . micky use to follow he big brothah everywhere , dicky teach ya everything , right , honey ? ( rnnttnttff ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 11a . 7 continued : ( 5 ) 7 micky raise eyebrow , nod . micky he 's not only a great fighter , he 's also a pretty great trainer . ( C onttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 12. 7 continued : ( 6 ) 7 alice ( eye lighting up ) my dicky have go pro at 12 , rockingham Race track with a 26 year old jockey . both weigh 106 pound . dicky lie he be 18 . in the ring , push in on micky look up , eye wide . micky tell ' im about sugar Ray , ma. dicky knock down sugar Ray Leonard . alice ( nods ) in '78 -- we get the offah to fight sugah Ray leonahd . micky he just win the gold Medal at the Olympic , sugar Ray . he be the , ya know , the big new welter weight at that time . alice and dicky be just a kid from lowell . micky dicky be undefeate ! alice dicky have never be knock down in he professional career , neither have sugar Ray . they be both 21 - yeah - old . micky it be dicky 's first ten roundah . alice ( pause ) I know ya could question the judgement , first ten roundah against sugar Ray Leonard , right ? but as he managah , how could I not take a sugah Ray ? do you see what I be say ? it be the biggest thing that evah happen to lowell . ( mnttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 12a . 7 continued : ( 7 ) 7 micky it be huge . people still talk about it to this day . it be a great fight . alice aht ! where' ya video at ? actual grainy 1978 videotape of HBO old -fashioned color graphic introduce the fight . alice be interviewed . alice ( 15 year earlier , already half -in-the - bag ) tonight my son be gonna surprise everybody and beat sugar Ray Leonard . believe it , I know it . micky and sugar Ray be describe over HBO clip . back to alice at the gym now : alice it 's true ! sugar Ray have a hard time hit dickie , do not really knock he down , but dicky knock Ray down ! I wear a new white dress . this fight be gonna change we life forevah , and it do . back to videotape , 2nd round , dicky , 21 , bob move versus sugar Ray , 21 . hear Don dunphy &amp ; Larry merchant , " ecklund be fast , Larry . if he goal be to frustrate Leonard , he 's do it . Leonard still have not solve he speed , still have not be able to find he , I think in he own cute way ecklund be make Leonard be the aggressor . . " ( conttnttfm the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 13. 7 continued : ( 8 ) 7 back to the tape , sugar Ray seem to either punch or pull dicky to the mat . " ecklund smile again , ecklund be down ! let 's see if they call that a knock down . " dicky pop right back up and they go to separate corner . " let 's see if they call that a knock down . nope , not a knockdown . and the bell ring . " " I do not think that be a knockdown , Don . " " I do not think so either Larry , he be wrestle down . not a knockdown . " 8 live room - crack house , 48 smith STREET - day 8 dicky ( shake he head , hold crack smoke in ) be not a knockdown . dicky kneel smoking a crack pipe . he exhales crack smoke as he pop back to he foot where he bounce on he toe like a fighter opposite gary " booboo " giuffrida , 40 , a goofy look chubby crackhead , rotting tooth , trucker 's hat ; wolfie , long sideburn , sink eye , 35 . dicky inhale again from pipe , a refashion plastic soda bottle , light with a bic lighter . he start sparring booboo . single on dicky over booboo's shoulder , actual audio in he head from the fight : " ecklund have a bit of a reputation for be a fast - liver , Don . " " a what ? " " a fast - liver . and they think , at least angelo say he think that 's what have hold he back . but of course with a opportunity like this perhaps he 's slowed down he live a little bit . " dicky ( hold white dog ) booboo put ya hand up , stand like sugah Ray I gotta get ready for my movie ! booboo why they doin ' a fuckin ' movie on you ? karen ( camdodian accent ) legend -a lowell , booboo ! comeback ! come on ! ( cnnttnttf.d ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 14. 8 continued : 8 Karen , 33 , dicky 's cambodian girlfriend , sit on a stain suede couch with becky , 31 , dirty blonde hair ; bonnie , tall , 35 , mid-drift , high , move , in the background . dicky shadow box booboo , while hold white dog . dicky I staht the ovahhand right in the 8th. slippin ' he leave , settin ' he up for the knockdown in the 9th . fast cut of booboo , wolfie , karen , brenda , bonnie , watching dicky in suspense . push in on dicky be face , hear actual fight audio in he head -- flash to actual footage , dicky knock sugar ray down . back to dicky act it out on booboo , who goe down acting in slow motion : dicky there it be ! first knock downa sugar Ray 's career ! wolfie ( snap to rare moment of lucidity ) ai not ya ' spose to be trainin ' micky in the movie right now ? dicky ( shadowboxing booboo ) that 's not till 9 . becky it 's 11:45 , Dick . dicky what ?! smash CUT to : 9 48 smith ST. , crack house - downtown , lowell - day 9 they scramble look for the car . dicky where would you fuckin ' pahk the cah , booboo ? booboo I do not pahk it , you do ! they be on the street of row house , cambodian immigrant . ( c'.onttnttf.n 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 15 . 9 continued : 9 dicky fuckit , I will run , I need the roadwork - dicky start run down the street ... booboo shake he head , " roadwork ? " ... wolfie stare after dicky in shock . booboo roadwork ?! be you crazy ? wolfie he run great even when he 's high . 10 street - downtown , lowell - day 10 . dicky run in he crack clothes , short , work boot ... . dicky run in he crack clothes , short , work boot , throw punch in the air . he pass a ' ward roofing ' truck and wave to he father GEORGE ward on a roof with workman . dicky ( running ) hey , pappa ! George look up as he kneel , roofing , and see dicky . kid run after he shouting . 11 ramalho's west end gym - 1st floor - day 11 HBO camera crew in the background filming micky work the heavy bag , boom-boom -boom -boom ! tinny radio blare ' voice carry ' by til Tuesday . alice look through scrap book with the sister who laugh and chat . dicky burst through the door sweat out - of-breath , yet still go into he trademark pimp stroll . nobody turn , micky 's punch and radio too loud . his mouth drop , see the camera filming micky . dicky quackah ! micky quackah ! look who decide to show up , dicky donut . alice and sister ahh ! dicky ! quackah ! ( cnnttnttfm the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 16. 11 continued : 11 dicky ( notice Alice 's hair , touch it ) - this be nice . she slap he hand away half coyly . dicky ( walk over to the HBO camera , laugh ) you be talkin ' to the camera , Mick ? introduce everybody ! ( laugh , point at carlos ) hoppy cut ! micky ( throw upper cut ) - hoppy cut ! carlo garcia , 50 , short , Puerto rican , point back , laugh dicky goncho , goncho , no goo ' for yooou , deeckie , no goo ' for youuu ! ' carlo ( thick Puerto rican accent , nod ) no goo for you , deeckie ! micky crack up . Ray ramalho , cerebral palsey limp up to dicky , high - fives he . ray ramalho dickyeeeee ! dicky ray-ray ! ( sweetly hold Ray 's head to he to teach he ) put ya hand like this , turn that punch . turn it . ya ready for the camrah ? micky 's stand wait , watch dicky put on a show . it 's always the dicky show . HBO producer ( to micky ) be you annoyed that dicky 's late ? micky smile , fade , a little annoyed , sorta cover . ( C :onttnurd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 16a . 11 continued : ( 2 ) 11 dicky micky , how do ya make a girl sound just like a porpoise ? micky I do not know , how ? dicky ya go for the back door [ look over he shoulder , shake he head ' no ' ] " " eh - eh ! eh - eh ! ' [ everyone crack up ] I have a lot of egg this mornin ' I be full of yoke ! micky laugh as he punch / tap dicky in the rib . dicky ( hold he back ) my back ! my back ! micky ( laugh , mimic dicky ) " my back ! my back ! I be full a yoke ! " quackah ! dicky we get saoul mamby . jewish , black , formah World champ . I think we get all the basis covahe , right ? ( laugh ) micky lose three fight in a row , he can not get use to losin ' , it become a mental thing , we be gonna break it with mamby , right ? micky yeah , let 's train ! ( conttnttrd the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 17. 11 continued : ( 3 ) 11 dicky enough a you wastin ' time , Mick , half the fuckin ' day 's go , we get work to do ! micky glare at dicky like he 's go to fuck hit he . dicky oooh , Alice , he 's mad now , look at he . ya hit one that guy like ya wanna hit I right now maybe ya woulda win one of they fight ! ( laugh to HBO producer ) see ? he 's a quiet guy , he need the fire . smash CUT to : 12 ring , ramalho's gym - day 12 micky , mad , motivate , work mit with dicky . as they flow together , dicky 's movement be , impressive , fluid and more intense . dicky ( call out combination ) work , work , head , body , head , body . [ to camera ] set it up sneaky , switch stance inside . no ! [ shove micky ] that 's too far out , switch inside , see , he switch outside , I be gonna catch he like this , [ upper cut micky , nail he ] , do not switch outside ! micky , mad , throw a fast combination back but dicky lean on the rope and slip it all , clinch micky , smile at camera , pop he hip forward . dicky ( clinching ) gimme Jose ! smash CUT to : . micky sparring Jose in the ring , headgear , mouthpiece . dicky on the apron , shouting out instruction . Alice and he sister stand behind he . HBO documentary camera filming . ( CC ) nttnt7 fn ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 18. 12 continued : 12 dicky ( shouting at micky ) micky do everythin ' I tell he , he 's goin ' all the way to a world title ! now move , that 's why you drop the weight ! we be gonna out box mamby . [ now to producer ] Three month . I can get myself back in shape in three month . alice ( hand on dicky 's shoulder ) my dicky can do anything ! micky look over annoyed . dicky hook -- head-body -head ! c'mon ! that 's ya fuckin ' combo , head - body - head ! alice dicky teach he that ! dicky ( throw the combo himself ) ya know sugah Ray 's gonna be there callin ' the fight for espn . I be not see he since since I knock ' im down 14 yeah ago . ( shout at micky in ring ) you do not wanna embarrass yaself in front a sugah Ray , do ya Mick ?! micky scowl at they , get inside , unload a vicious hook to gilberto 's rib . Jose crumple down to the canvas . . micky 's eye go wide as he look down at Jose on the ground . micky 's surprised himself , that be good ! dicky that 's ya punch , micky . ( cnnttnttrd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 19 . 12 continued : ( 2 ) 12 alice ( nod , clap ) both my boy be gonna do it ! micky ( hide a young smile ) hey Jose , I be sorry . [ help Jose up ] dicky that 's a kidney punch , shut the whole body down . right heah - [ poke HBO producer on the spot and he bend over in pain , dicky laugh ] . 13 STREET , ramalho's gym - dusk 13 . micky &amp ; dicky head out of the gym , shower , dress , hair still wet . Alice walk up ahead of they head for she ' 88 white lincoln Continental park on the street , Little Alice and beaver ( Phyllis ) follow after she . HBO camera go . micky ( energize , hopeful ) I feel good . I feel lightah . dicky ( cont 'd ) you look good ! you can definitely do this . you look good in there , micky , real good . [ false tooth sideways , crazy face ] . I be saoul mamby , micky Ward hit I - dicky arm around micky , walk up to Alice at she car , Little Alice and beaver get inside . he shove he denture coo - coo sideways -- ( rlnttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 19a . 13 continued : 13 micky smile as dicky act crazier , zing he in the side a little ; micky zing he back , two brother , they mash into Alice and sister and against the car , all laugh , dicky tickle Alice . ( cnnttnttff ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 20 . 13 continued : ( 2 ) 13 alice ( scrunches she neck &amp ; shoulder , squirm away laughing ) I can not stand that , dicky , jesus , stop ! 14 ' 89 silver ford tempo ( moving ) - nashua , new hampshire - dam . micky drive he bang - up old car , parking in the driveway of a large beautiful house , upper-class neighborhood . 15 ext . beautiful house - front door - day 15 micky knock on the door . his ex- girlfriend 's husband , jimmy , 45 , well off , answer the door . laurie' husband ( whisper ) micky , how 's it goin ' ? ya know I do not think Laurie 's expect -- laurie carroll , 32 , dirty blonde , thin walk up . laurie what 's he do here ? this be not you visitation day , micky . micky I just wanna say hi to kasie . laurie it 's not you day , goodbye . micky I be not around next weekend -- laurie now you be ditchin ' the day you do have ? micky I have a fight I tell you that . ( to Jimmy ) Jimmy -- ( nnttnttff ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 21 . 15 continued : 15 jimmy I can not get in the middle . micky I be ask you , Jimmy . I can not talk to she , so I be ask you . jimmy kasie , talk to you father . . micky 's daughter , kasie ward , 10 , curly hair , cute , come up to the door , hug she father hello . laurie goddamnit , Jimmy ! jimmy do not put I in the middle - a this kasie ( through the doorway ) daddy 's gotta fight saoul mamby - micky that 's right , and I wanna tell ya that after I win -- laurie talk to she on you day ! micky I be gonna staht makin ' good money laurie hah ! that 's a good one ! micky I will move to a biggah apahtment so you can live with I more day like we talk about . laurie do not hold ya breath , kasie . it 's cruel to mislead ya child , micky . she close the door , argue inside with Jimmy . kasie ( shout through door ) good luck , daddy ! ( c'.nnttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 22. 15 continued : ( 2 ) 15 micky ( shout to door ) thanks , kasie . 16 ext . micky' apartment above garage - morning - later in thib week micky 's apartment above a two - car garage , next to a gray victorian house , lower - class neighborhood . 17 bedroom , micky' apartment - early morning 17 micky fix himself in the mirror , straighten he button - down shirt , wear a ill-fitting sport coat , look like a little boy play dress up . suitcase open on he bed . this be it , the day before the big fight . 18 ' 89 silver ford tempo ( moving ) - lower highland , lowell - 18 early morning micky park in front of he parent ' house ; a limo out front . micky open the door , grab he suitcase ... 19 alice &amp ; GEORGE ward house , bedroom - 28 hawthorne ST . , 19 lower highland - early morning Alice check she hair , smooth she dress in the mirror . George , dress nicely , struggle to close they suitcase on the bed , whistling . both smile , excited about the day , the fight . little dicky , 5 , redhead , dicky 's son , run in , follow by pork . alice ( embrace Little dicky ) Little dicky , listen to mummy , you be good for ya aunt Cathy so ya daddy can help ya uncle micky win a fight , ok ? 20 limousine ( parked ) - alice &amp ; GEORGE ward house - early 20 morning . micky , Alice , George , pork , sherry , and Red rog stand around the limousine . all dress nice for they travel . they exchange look . George shake he head and mutter something to himself . no sign of fuck dicky . mickey o'keefe ( lower he voice ) it 's none a my business , but I be goin ' to meetin' , and they say let go and let gahd . you do not need this shit , micky . let 's just go without ' im . ( ronttnttff ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 23. 20 continued : 20 micky ( look down at he foot ) - thanks , Mick , but dicky teach I everything , he 's be in my cornah , ya know . I can not do it without ' im . mickey o'keefe you be already doin ' it without he . a21 ext . crack house - early morning a21 micky walk down the driveway of the crack house as Alice walk up to the front porch . 21 crack house , 2 nd floor - live room - early morning 21 . dicky open mouth make out with Karen , he cambodian girlfriend , booboo sit next to they smoking crack . they have be up for day , eye racing , high . wolfie ( shout from downstairs ) dicky , you muthuah' outside ! dicky ( real fear in he eye ) I be not here ! bonnie laugh as dicky rush for a open window in the back of the kitchen , 2nd floor of the crack house . dicky climb out the window and jump ... 22 back alley , crack house 22 . dicky fly , fall ... land hard on top of some garbage bag ... bounce onto the filthy ground . he roll over , he back fuck . stumble up to he foot , grimace ... micky stand there wait in the back yard , watch . micky what the fuck be you doin ' ? dicky ( whisper ) do not tell ma I be here , pick I up back at the house , I will go through the yahd - micky we gotta go to the airport now . you know how important this fight be . ( cnnttnttff ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 23aa . 22 continued : 22 dicky ( whisper ) pick I up at the house ! micky give dicky a boost onto a fence to climb over . micky ( boosting dicky ) hurry up , she 's out front , and we gotta flight to catch . but as dicky struggle to climb over , George come charge toward they . ( conttntift ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 23a . 22 continued : ( 2 ) 22 ( cnnttnttft ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 24 . 22 continued : ( 3 ) 22 GEORGE this be what you do to ya brothah the day we travel ? George pull dicky off the fence , swing at he with a big punch ; dicky slip the punch and nail George in the eye with a overhand right , George go down . micky roll he eye . micky could we please just go to the airport for once ? Alice come around the corner . alice ( scream ) ohmygaw , dicky , why do you come to this place ? dicky ( walk she , arm around ) no , no , I just come to check on some friend , I be not mix up in this . micky look at he mother in disbelief , he father down on the ground behind he ... . he brother high out of he mind . micky help ya husband up , Alice . ya husband 's on the ground there . instead dicky help Alice up the driveway to the limo . micky help he father to he foot . 23 limousine ( parked ) - crack house - morning 23 everybody sit in the limo in silence look out different window as micky help George settle into he seat and hand he a can of Coke George hold to he punch eye . micky Close the door . dicky hold on . boo boo start to climb in , ' cosmo ' write on forehead . mickey o'keefe what the fuck be he doin ' here ? ( nnttntifd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 25 . 23 continued : 23 dicky we get a promotional thing we be doin ' , for the bar , it 's gonna be good , you will see . mickey o'keefe no . that 's distracting for micky . dicky nobody ask you ! micky no. no booboo. booboo look to dicky who roll he eye ; booboo leave . micky stare in disbelief . 24 resort INTERNATIONAL casino - atlantic CITY - day 24 Alice lead dicky , micky , George , mickey o' keefe through the ringing slot machine of a casino . 25 micky HOTEL be room - resort INTERNATIONAL - next morning 25 next morning , day of the fight . micky &amp ; dicky hang out in micky 's room , sit on the bed watch a video of " mamby versus meekin " on tv . dicky ( excited , jump up off the bed , show micky ) see he right ahm go leave he side open , light he up like a pinball machine , he will be pissin ' blood , no way you lose , no way - . Alice and lou gold , 40s , bald , mustache , the matchmaker for espn , walk into the room , " mamby versus meekin " still play on tv . Alice look serious . dicky ( stretch out he back ) espn could not get we bettah room than this , Lou ? lou gold I would not worry about the room , dicky , we gotta bigger issue . ( nnttnttfn ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 26 . 25 continued : 25 dicky like what ? alice ( sadly ) the doctor will not let mamby fight . micky why not ? lou gold he 's get the flu . micky mamby get the flu ?! micky feel he whole fight plan go out the window . lou gold we can still have a fight , micky . micky stare at he . micky with who ? lou gold Mike mungin . micky Mike who ? mungin ? dicky the guy from Philly , be not he in prison ? lou gold he 's be out a few month . it 's the only guy we could find , I call everybody . micky the last few fight be rough , Lou , this one 's ' spose to be a little easiah . lou gold the guy just get off the couch today , it 's a easy win for micky . dicky and Alice nod , micky unsure . lou gold joey ferrell knock this guy out . ( c_nnttnttt ? t) 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 27 . 25 continued : ( 2 ) 25 alice micky knock out joey ferrell . lou gold exactly , and mungin just get off the couch . he can not make weight , of course , he 's a bit over . alice how over ? lou gold maybe 162 , 165 . micky ( eye wide ) 165 ? dicky he 's a fuckin ' middleweight , ron ! alice micky get light ! he 's 146 ! dicky we be gonna box mamby , not slug it out with a middleweight ! lou gold he 's fat ! he just get off the couch ! dickie ( exhales , think ) ok . and joey ferrell knock he out . I gotcha . micky hold on , 165 's big . dickie you knock out joey ferrell . micky so what ? the guy 's a middleweight . dickie he just get off the couch . micky he 's 20 pound bigger than I . ( conttniwn 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 27a . 25 continued : ( 3 ) 25 dicky joey ferrell knock he out ! you knock out joey ferrell . micky you just say that . dickie you can not be scared . micky how ' bout you go fight he ? he 's a middleweight . dickie he 's fat . you knock out joey ferrell . micky how many time ya gonna say I knock out joey ferrell ? a beat B B beat C so a can beat C ? but what if it rain that day , anything could happen -- lou gold you do not fight , nobody get pay . whoa . micky see Alice and dicky look at he . micky ok . joey ferrell knock this guy out . and I knock out joey ferrell . they all nod . alice you gotta pay we something ' extra for the change , Lou . [ he nod ] 26 auditorium - resort INTERNATIONAL - 26 title : Ward vs. mungin - resort International , Atlantic City . micky climb into the ring while we hear alice dialog os ending previous negotiation . micky 's in white trunk , robe with " ' irish ' micky Ward " on the back , follow dicky , mickey o' keefe , 2nd in the corner , cutman ed aliano . micky see he name spell wrong on the back of the white corner man jacket , " mickey Ward . " micky I do not spell my name with a 'e . ( cnnttnttf N ' the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 28. 26 continued : 26 mickey o'keefe do not fuckin ' ask I . I just take what ya give I . o' keefe turn back to micky who 's stare at mike " machine gun " mungin , 27 , 5 '9 " , 158 lb , red trunk , in the opposite corner : huge , and in prison shape , big biceps , shoulder , neck . micky 's eye widen with fear . mickey o'keefe that guy 's not a welter weight . micky ( whisper to he brother ) dicky , look at that guy . . dicky 's not listen , wave to the HBO cameraman filming ringside ... see sugar ray leonard , now 38 , sit ringside , call the fight for espn with al bernstein , 40s , salt &amp ; pepper hair , mustache . dicky Ray ! sugah Ray ! ovah heah ! sugar Ray do not respond to dicky . he 's talk to the espn camera , still look young , handsome , not a mark on he . dicky we gotta talk latah ! micky dicky , listen to I . I can not lose again . look at that guy . dicky now look at mike mungin and he head snap a little . dicky Holy shit . [ rub micky 's neck ] micky o'keefe yeah , holy shit , stop lookin ' at sugar Ray and wake up . we will hafta run the first few round , get ' im tiahe , he can not be ready , right ? he just get off he fuckin ' couch . micky he do not just get off he fuckin ' couch . dicky look at I , Mick , do not look away . ( cnnttnttfv ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 28a . 26 continued : ( 2 ) 26 he grab micky 's chin and make micky look he in the eye . ( ( '' cnttnttpt ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 29 . 26 continued : ( 3 ) 26 dicky you can not go back to fightin ' scared , you gotta hit back like you know you can and I know you can . I do not care who that guy be , you be micky Ward . micky nod , but we see he 's scared ; it 's not a fair fight . 27 ring - resort INTERNATIONAL - 8:16 pm 27 title : rd 3 - :49 ( time run down ) . mungin muscle micky into a corner , blood already drip from micky 's nose . hook to the body -- hook to the body -- hard uppercut ... bam ! bam ! bam ! micky stumble , hurt , almost go down , blood spilling down he nose , mouth , face , hear al bernstein , " oh , he hurt micky Ward ! " ... micky tie mungin up , hold on .. . sugar Ray Leonard , " this would be a huge upset ! I be not sure what micky expect from a last minute substitute , but he surely could not have expect this . " . dicky scream from ringside for micky to move .. . Alice , George sit behind he can not look . . . micky try to fight back ... mungin 's just too big , too strong , unload hard shot to micky 's head , big uppercut ... micky 's get the shit kick out of he ... all he can do be cover up , hold he glove close to he face .. . the bell ring . end of rd 3. alice in the crowd look away , crying . 28 micky' corner , ring 28 . micky head for he corner , blood run , dicky jump into the ring , mickey o' keefe put down the stool .. . micky sit down , ed aliano start to wipe the blood from he face , dicky take out micky 's mouthpiece . dicky - button it up , Ed . if you can not stop the bleedin' , we will fuckin ' sue ya . . Ed aliano smile , stick swab up micky 's nose to stop the bleed , get everything clean out . . . dicky pour water into micky 's mouth . micky swishes it around , spit it out ... dicky you okay ? ( c_c ) nttntttt ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 30 . 28 continued : 28 micky ( look up at he brother ; know he can not win ) yuh - dicky what be you doin ' out there ? you feel like fightin ' or what ? you gotta jab and move . do not stand in front of this guy , keep ' im off ya , jab and move - ( show he , jabbing the air , move back &amp ; forth ) jab and move . what be you ascare of ? you be fightin ' scared again ! micky just nod . 29 ring - resort INTERNATIONAL - 8:31 pm 29 title : rd 6 - 2:01 ( time run down . micky cover he face with he glove , gash open , bleed above he leave eye .. .hear Al bernstein , " micky 's take a beat . he 's stand there take that shot from mungin . I be not sure why . " Leonard , " I do not know , micky be once one of the most promise light welterweight around , but he 's have some tough luck loss , and sometimes after a fighter lose a few time it become a mental thing . " mungin hit he with hard leave uppercut and a overhand right right on the chin . . . micky go sprawling across the ring , stumbling backwards ... falling down hard onto the canvas ! . micky get back onto he foot , look into he corner at dicky scream , " hold on ! hold on ! " ... micky bleed from he nose , above he eye , look lose . . . referee joe cortez give he a stand eight - count , " one ... two ... Three ... " . micky wipe blood from he nose with the back of he glove ... " six ... Seven ... " he glance into the crowd , blood smear on he face , glove , see he mother cover she face with she hand ... 30 ring - resort INTERNATIONAL - 8:49 pm 30 post-fight , crowded . Ring doctor check the cut above micky 's leave eye , another deep gash open on he cheekbone just under the eye , still bleed from he nose , he face a bloody mess .. . dicky wiping micky 's face with a sponge , glance down at the HBO crew , shaking he head , mickey o' keefe rub micky 's neck ... mungin smile in the background , everybody wait for the decision ... ( conttntirt ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 31 . 30 continued : 30 . blood , sweat drip into micky 's eye , he know he lose , he know he fuck lose again ... 31 micky' dressing room - resort INTERNATIONAL - night 31 micky sit on the trainer 's table in the middle of the room , shower , dress , face bandage . Alice gently touch the back of he neck , whisper in he ear . he nod . she hold he head a few moment . dicky come in . hug he brother . dicky we nevah shoulda fight that guy . forget about it . Alice , HBO 's waitin ' for we . sugah Ray 's out there ! c'mon you come too , Mick . dicky head back out . Alice look at micky , pat he cheek and follow after dicky , leave micky sit alone on the trainer 's table . 32 resort INTERNATIONAL , casino - night 32 dicky walk toward sugar Ray Leonard who be with a pretty woman and a bodyguard signing autograph for fan . dicky raaaaaaay ! hey , Ray , -- the bodyguard stop he . sugar Ray see dicky and wave he over .. . dicky smile , miss tooth . the HBO cameraman follow after he . sugar Ray shake dicky 's hand . sugar ray leonard tough night for you brother , he shoulda jabbe more , stay away . dicky that 's what I be tellin' 'im ! I tell ' im , Ray . but mungin weigh like 160 pound ! espn fuck we , -- ( stretch he back , turn to sugar Ray 's girl ) ya know I knock Ray down . sugar ray leonard ( laugh , smile he million dollar smile ) come on , Dick , I trip . ( C ''nnttnttft ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 32 . 32 continued : 32 dicky oh do not say that now . I know I look like shit , but , -- I go 10 round with you , Ray , I knock you down . c'mon , lemme buy you guy a drink . sugar ray leonard thanks , Dick , but we have to get go , I have a plane to catch . dicky ( point to the HBO cameraman ) HBO 's doin ' a movie on I , Ray . and I would like to call ya sometime , I be gonna get a fight , and I would like ya to be there for old time 's sake , ya know , maybe you can commentate on it or somethin' . sugar ray leonard ok , Dick , you let I know . what 's the movie about ? dicky ( look at sugar Ray like he 's fuck crazy ; what else ) my comeback . sugar Ray just nod at dicky , see Alice walk up to they . sugar ray leonard - you look great Mrs. Ward , hope you be well . alice nevah bettah , Ray , nevah bettah . God bless . sugar Ray smile and slip out of the casino with the girl and he bodyguard , leave dicky &amp ; Alice stand alone under the bright neon light . HBO camera still filming ... dicky turn and sees micky talking to a older guy , mike toma , 30 feet away . toma' entourage stand nearby . dicky what 's he talkin ' to Mike toma for ? he start to head over . ( rnnttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 33. 32 continued : ( 2 ) 32 alice ( hold dicky back , lowering she voice so the camera do not hear ) stay heah , Dick , stay heah , do not go ovah thayh . CUT to : 33 micky talking to mike toma ; toma' entourage nearby . 33 mike toma ( shake he head , gruff brooklyn accent ) you goin ' to the hospital ? micky ( nods ) they say I need stitches . mike toma ( pull micky in closer , lower he voice ) listen , Mick , I be just gonna cut to it , you never shoulda fight that guy . you should be doin ' better . with all due respect , I do not think you be bein ' handle properly . I wanna give you a real shot . I want ya to come with I . I wanna pay ya to train with my guy . micky where ? mike toma Las Vegas . do it right and make one last run at this thing before it 's too late . micky you will pay I to train in Vegas ? mike toma Change of scenery 's good , get outta lowell . micky look at he , eye widen as he look over toma 's shoulder ; he seem to feel a touch of vertigo as camera circle so we can see what he 's look at : alice and dicky 30 feet away watching . ( c'_nnttnttff ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 34 . 33 continued : 33 micky what about my brothah ? bob arum ( shake he head ) with all due respect , he 's too much trouble . you owe it to yourself to come to Vegas . camera circle back to mickey staring at he family , thinking , decide . 34 limousine ( moving ) - lower highland , lowell - saturday 34 morning hear he mother and father and brother laugh , kibbitze , smoking cigarettes . alice what do Mike toma want ? micky ( look out window , distant ) he want to train I in Vegas . Alice and dicky glance at each other , and study micky . dicky you can not trust that guy , micky , you do not know ' im . do he say anythin ' about I ? do he say I could come ? micky ( look out window ) no , he do not mention you . alice who 's gonna look out for ya in Vegas , micky ? they be all crook out there . what would you do without dicky ? or the family ? micky ( look at dicky ) yeah I know . that 's what I tell ' im . micky look back out the window , face bandage , no emotion . the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 35 . 35 ext . alice &amp ; GEORGE ward house - limousine ( parked ) - 35 morning everyone walk away from the limo , suitcase in hand . micky head for he shitty car park on the street , dicky walk to Alice 's house with he mother and father . micky o' keefe stand nearby at he car . pork , tar , beaver , sherry and Red Dog be also there . dicky ( call out to micky ) take care , Mick , we will talk tommorrah . Little dicky run out of the house into dicky 's arm . dicky hey , champ ! daddy 's home ! little dicky do uncle micky win ? dicky not this time , dicky , try and gimme a sock in the nose -- micky , lose in think , stand at he car watch dicky play with Little dicky . alice ( to micky ) we will get you anothah fight , micky . micky Nah , I do not think I wanna do this no more . alice what ? dicky ( look up as Little dicky tag he in the nose ) what be you talkin ' about ? George walk over to he micky sympathetically as dicky grab he brother by the shoulder . dicky espn screw we , they owe we . we will get anothah fight . just get heal up , micky , you be okay - ( rnnttnttff ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 36 . 35 continued : 35 alice listen to you bruthah , honey , they owe we big time . maybe they could even do dicky 's comeback fight too . micky just nod okay . dicky pat he on the back as micky get into he car . GEORGE Christ , Alice , he 's be through the wringah - alice what be you talkin ' about ? ( to o' keefe who 's stare at her ) - and what 's you fuckin ' problem ? mickey o' keefe shake he head and walk away . 36 micky' apartment , above garage - night 36 pan of photograph of kasie , micky &amp ; dicky in the ring after fight ; red &amp ; white box glove ; box magazine ; flicker tv . micky lie sleep in he clothes on the couch , bandage on he head . he sit up , tv play . he get up and walk into the small kitchen , grab a beer out of the refrigerator , swallow some pain pill . and pick up the cocktail napkin with charlene's number and heart on it . pick up the phone , start to dial , stop , look at the number . hang up the phone . go back into the live room and lie down on the couch and fall asleep again . fade out . 37 fade in . next morning . micky' still sleeping in he 37 clothes on the couch , tv still on , morning light bleeding through the shade . he be woken by banging on he door . micky snap awake , sit up , looking around . micky ( groggy , out of it ) what , -- what be it ? he get up off the couch and peek through the shade .. . and sees charlene stand on he doorstep . scare , he duck back down , crouch behind a chair . knocking continue . ( rnnttnttft ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 37 . 37 continued : 37 charlene ( os ) I see you shadow . and I hear you talk two second ago ! micky do not move . charlene ( os ) why do not you open the door and tell I to my face why you do not call I yestahday ? micky think , go to the door , open it . charlene be slightly take aback by he bandage face . charlene - why would you stand I up last night ? micky I be gonna call , I start to call , but I could not call . charlene ' cuz you lose the fight ? micky ( pause ) maybe , yeah , ' cuz I lose the fight . they stand there look at each other . micky how would you know my house anyway ? charlene I ask my brothah , -- ( see one of the bandage on he head peel away ) you , ahhh , you thing be comin ' off . she point to he face . he touch the right side bandage . charlene no , the othah thing . it 's a mess . it be a mess . charlene ya get any tape ? the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 38 . 38 micky' bathroom - day 38 micky sit on the edge of the tub while charlene carefully be - bandage the leave side of he eye and cheek bone . it be quiet for a few moment while micky look into she face . charlene ( quietly ) do the jewish black guy do this to you ? micky look away . charlene fix the bandage . micky I do not get to fight the jewish black guy . charlene you do not go head - body-head . micky ( shake he head ) he get the flu , the guy who take he place have 16 pound on I , I nevah shoulda fight he . charlene so why would you fight he ? micky nobody woulda get pay . everybody say I could beat ' im . charlene who 's everybody ? micky my mothah and my brothah . she look at he as she take this in . charlene so be you gonna take I to dinnah and movie tonight or what ? CUT to : 39 ' 89 silver ford tempo ( parked ) - charlene's apartment - dus9 Sun start to set . micky stand next to he car , check himself in the side view mirror , hair still wet , comb , new bandage on he face , pause . ( cinttnttfn ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 39 . 39 continued : 39 CUT to : he open the passenger door for charlene , she 's in a tight top , short skirt , fancy flip -flops . her large yellow victorian house behind she . micky wow , you look great . you get a nice house . charlene thanks . it 's a apahtment building . micky oh. charlene there 's five of them in there , one - a my old roommate life in one . micky ( close the door , get into the car ) Old roommate from where ? charlene College , but a lot a good it do I , I be workin ' in a bah . micky you seem to enjoy it . you be very populah down there - charlene uh yuh . popular . I need to get the hell outta that place . if I do not drink while I be workin ' I would kill myself - micky ( start the car , look over at she ) what college ? charlene u.r.i. full boat . micky Scholarship ? for what ? charlene I be a high jumpah . ( cnnttntiff ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 40. 39 continued : ( 2 ) 39 micky a high jumpah ?! you gotta be kiddin ' I . charlene fuck you , I cleahe 5 - 10 , I be New England champ , but so what , I nevah graduate . I pahty too much . micky ( drive look at she raise a eyebrow ) you ?! charlene laugh lightly through she nose . 40 ' 89 silver ford tempo ( moving ) - art - house movie theater - 40 lexington - night night . micky pull up to a art house movie theater in another city , state ( right next door ) , " hip " part of town . they get out of the car . charlene ( look around the theater , street ) what the hell we doin ' in richie Rich lexington ? you come to this theatah a lot ? micky oh yuh , it 's a good movie theatah . they have good movie . charlene like what ? micky ( mumble ) Bell - ah epa-cue . the marquis say " belle epooue " be play . charlene I think Belle Epic be how ya say it and I nevah hear of it . be it only playin ' up here in lexington ? micky oh yuh . and I hear it 's a good movie . ( rnnttnttfn ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 41. 40 continued : 40 charlene from who ? micky ( walk ahead of she ) guy at work - she look at he puzzle as she they enter the theater . 41 int . lexington art -house movie theater - night 41 four people there - movie in progress . charlene sit watch , look at micky asleep with he head back , mouth open . 42 ext . lexington art -house movie theater - night 42 after movie , micky and charlene exit the theater . neither say a word for a moment . charlene that 's what you want to see ? there be not even any sex . what lowell guy on a road crew see that movie in lexington and recommend it ?? micky walk quickly ahead to the car , can not find he key . micky ( growing anxious ) where 's the key , I musta lose ' they in the theatah , I be a dummy [ walk toward theater ] charlene micky . [ he stop , turn ] they be in you hand . micky look at the key in he hand , embarrassed . 43 ' 89 silver ford tempo ( parked ) - night 43 . charlene stare at he as he start the car . he start to back out , look over he shoulder . charlene what 's go on ? you afraid to run into you girlfriend ? you have a girlfriend , just say it , that 's why you take I to lexington . then stop , put the car in park and turn the engine off . for nnttnttft ) ' the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 41a . 43 continued : 43 micky I do not have a girlfriend . I come here because I do not wanna show my face in lowell . ( cnnttnttft ) 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 42. 43 continued : ( 2 ) 43 charlene stare at he . he do not look at she . charlene - what do you have to be ashamed of ? micky ( grow dark ) I tell everyone I be gonna win that fight and get back on track . I tell kasie we would get a biggah place so she could move in . charlene ( stare at he a beat ) you say you never shoulda fight that guy , but you mothah and you brothah want ya to do it . micky what 's the difference , I be alone in the ring anyway . charlene you think you family 's lookin ' out for ya ? micky ( finally look at she ) you can not say that about my family . charlene what else could I say after what you tell I ? look at you face , look at you . beat . he suddenly lean in and kiss she . the kiss build with confidence and passion to a very intense level of connection and abandon and promise . 44 lowell man on the STREET interview . yeah , well , he lost 44 again , ya know , so maybe he's gonna be dicky all ovah again , no championship for lowell , he's like the rest of US I guess . the town' see bettah day , so have our fightah . 45 alice &amp ; GEORGE ward be house - day - week later 45 camera circle Alice talk on the phone , sit at she dining room table control center , long lucky Strike cigarette in she hand . ( rnnttnttrt ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 43. 45 continued : 45 most of the sister sit and walk around she , center of they universe , some drink some smoking , all chatter . alice ( into phone ) - bullshit , Lou , I be not gonna stop callin ' till ya make it right and give we a fight that 's fair ! my boy coulda get kill last time . . . like what ? ... what else ?... ok , what be it ? mm , mm . now you be talkin ' , that sound very interesting , I will get back to you . [ hang up ] we gotta a great opportunity , we gotta find micky . pork nobody see he for like a week . alice Jesus , it use to be dicky be the one we could not find , now it 's both of them ? tar ( cindy ) I think micky 's with that girl from the bah . alice what girl ? red dog ( gail ) George be all fuckin ' eagah for they to get togethah . beaver ( phyllis ) I hear she 's into threeway . sherri with othah girl . pork ( cathy ) yeah like one of they MTV girl - alice little alice ( put she hand over the ( screw up she face ) phone ) MTV girl ? MTV girl ? what be you talkin ' about , Cathy ? pork ( cathy ) Wild . ( C onttntt1 fl the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 44. 45 continued : ( 2 ) 45 tar ( cindy ) she act all superiah ' cuz she go to college . alice just find micky and tell he we have business to discuss . I be gonna go find dicky myself . 46 smith STREET , crack house - ' 88 lincoln continental ( parkei4}5 - day Alice , trail by dicky hold the white dog , walk back to she car from the crack house , try not to cry . dicky , behind she like a kid in trouble , look like shit , up for day . she pause at the car , cry . dicky hug she shoulder with one arm . 47 alice &amp ; GEORGE ward house - live room - day 47 mid-handshake , awkward charlene , with micky , meet Alice , tar , beaver , pork , Little Alice , Red Dog , Sherri . cut on micky 's face heal . charlene do a double take on Alice 's stare and study she as charlene have move on to the sister , she and Alice share a icy wary look . alice ( look charlene up &amp ; down ) - I have hear a lot about you . charlene really ? I hear a lot about you , too . alice what 's that suppose to mean ? charlene the same thing you mean . micky shift uncomfortably toward the sofa . micky why do not we sit down and hear what 's goin ' on businesswise ? CUT to : 48 they all sit in the live room 48 alice ( smile , excited again , proud of herself ) ( more ) ( C onttnttft ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 45 . 48 continued : 48 alice ( cont 'd ) I get ya anothah fight , Mick , just like I say I would . Lou gold and espn make it right . dicky ( hold white dog ) just like I tell ya ! against joey belinc in six week at foxwood ! kid 's like 10 - 8 . he 's nuthin' . and they be payin ' we 25 grand ! alice ( nod , still smile proud ) 17.5 , Dick . dicky 17.5 , I think you say 25 , anyway that 's still good money , Mick . micky oh yuh . that 's good , Dick , I be just , ya know , try to figure out what 's best for I -- micky tilt he head , cat 's get he tongue . they all look at he . Alice light a cigarette , exhales , tense . alice ( exhales cig smoke ) like what ? dicky what !? charlene look at micky , as if to say , " speak . be he look at she , she start to open she mouth , stop . alice ( look at micky , hurt ) I do not know why you be not more excited , Mick . I think ya would be more excited . that 's good money . it 's a good fight . I get tough with Lou gold , micky , I tell he he owe we . micky yeah , I know , ma . it 's just , -- I do not want thing goin ' the way they be goin' . ( conttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 46. 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 dicky ( mouth open , wild - eye ) why , how they be goin ' ? you be the one in the ring , micky , yeah that last one be unfair , but we be not gonna repeat that , so it 's up to you in the ring . micky I know , but I do not want thing to go like they be goin ' here . alice and dicky where ? micky here , this , we , lowell . the routine . alice we be workin ' very hard for you , micky , I do not know what more you want . dicky what 's he problem ? micky sit back and fold he arm , a bit frustrated . charlene I do not know , maybe you not showin ' up on time to train . maybe micky havin ' to come find you in a crack house -- alice crack house ?! charlene -- when you be spose to go to the airport . alice ( glare at charlene ) I be sorry , I do not understand who you ah or why you be talkin ' - charlene my name be charlene , you just meet I , I be datin' micky . should we do it again ? hi , my name be charlene . ( centtnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 46a . 48 continued : ( 3 ) 48 dicky what do you know about anythin' ! we do not even know who you ah . micky you just meet she - ( C ( ) nttnttft ) 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 47. 48 continued : ( 4 ) 48 alice ( sit back , laugh ) you just meet she ! dicky ( laugh with he mother ) he do not know who she be ! micky we be togethah . charlene ( nod , get piss off ) we be together , do not insult I and do not insult micky . alice you gonna listen to some MTV girl who work in a bah . what do she know about boxin' ? charlene ( confuse ) MTV girl ? I might not know -- much about boxin' - but goin ' to Vegas a ' gettin ' pay yeah round -- sound much bettah to I -- than what you get ' im doin ' heah . alice ( look over at micky ) - ah you gonna let 'er talk like that to you muthah ? pork ( cathy ) c'mon , micky ! micky I tell you we be together ! this be my girlfriend , I want she here . alice ( tearing up ) I have do everything [ pause ] I could [ pause ] to help you . and for this -- MTV girl -- charlene stop callin ' I a MTV girl , whatever the fuck that mean . sister Wild . [ charlene make a face ] wnnttnttfn 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 48. 48 continued : ( 5 ) 48 alice ( wipe a tear ) I be doin ' this for ovah 15 year , she come in and disrespect I -- dicky and I . micky she do not mean no disrespect . I have a chance to get pay to train year round , that 's all she 's talkin ' about . I think everyone can appreciate that . dicky stare take this in , wheel turn . dicky of course ! of course , micky , I coulda have that ! I know what you be talkin ' about . you think I be stupid ? alice he know , we know -- dicky ma , please , let I say this ( pause ) I have opportunity like you be gonna maybe have . I have a girl I want to be home with . [ sad for a moment ] you should have that . no one 's sayin ' you should not have that . but I can not have you goin ' to Vegas , we gotta stick together , micky , please . I can get ya money to train yeah ' round , if that 's what ya want . I will handle it . dicky look at micky . . . then turn to Alice and nod he head at she . he 's get it . she 's puzzle . micky nod . uncomfortable awkwardness as everyone look at he and charlene . 49 ext . crack house in lowell - day later 49 cambodian guy ( os , talk in cambodian ) ( cnnttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 48a . 49 continued : 49 dicky ( os ) you put in $ 200 , then you get ten other people -- 50 int . crack house in lowell - day 50 dicky and booboo sit amid a assembled group of about 10 cambodian . Karen , he cambodian crack girlfriend and 6 year old son be next to he holding he hand looking a bit strung out . booboo be behind dicky . ( CC ) nttnttfn ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 49 . 50 continued : 50 dicky -- to give you $ 200 each , and now you have you $ 2,000 . karen ( dicky' cambodian crack girlfriend ) translates to cambodian . dicky understand ? pran everyone give you 200 dollah ? dicky not everyone , just 10 a you . booboo ten lucky one . Karen shout at the other in cambodian . pran you rip we off ! dicky no no no no . I be givin ' you a opportunity ! chan you give I $ 200 ! dicky you get that from ten othah people you offah the opportunity to . pran you think cambodian people stupid . booboo White people do this ! to othah white people ! it 's what make the world go 'round . dicky ( put a arm around Karen ) I love cambodian people ! they all yell in cambodian at dicky who look aggravate , still hold onto quackah . the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 50 . 51 crack house - kitchen - day 51 . HBO crew filming dicky smoking crack , bic lighter in he hand , lean against half of a old dining - room table in a filthy kitchen , fade strawberry wallpaper . booboo , Karen , Becky , wolfie , stand around . bonnie in background . dicky ( mumble fast to camera , high out of he mind ) they do not understand . they be practically my gang , they usually listen to I but do not understand the opportunity , anyway , where be we -- HBO producer before you fight sugar Ray -- dicky oh , yeah , all the money I coulda make if we just fuckin ' do it right , they throw I in too early . we do not know , my mothah do not know , sugar Ray be too much , too soon . I need to build slow . if I have micky 's discipline , with my talent , forget about it . my wife Debbie be the prettiest girl in lowell , and my daughtah kasie , I mean Kerry , I want Kerry to be proud a I . [ light pipe ] karen why you let they film you smokin ' ? what this movie about again ? bonnie hey 's crazy ! HBO producer I tell you it 's about crack addiction . show what can happen , what it really be , so kid can see it for real . booboo I can tell ya about the way it work in the brain -- ( conttnttft ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 50a . 51 continued : 51 dicky Excuse I , booboo , it 's still my movie , and this part [ light pipe ] will make I and micky 's comeback more dramatic . I will tell ya how crack work [ inhale from pipe ] . ( more ) ( c'onttntiff 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 51 . 51 continued : ( 2 ) 51 dicky ( cont 'd ) when it entah ya blood , ya get a peaceful energetic feel ovah ya body , a kinda happiness - as he word continue we push in on dicky' face and CUT to flashback : medium shot , dicky sit by a window , high ; from this dissolves a second dicky who dance a slow happy , funk dance across the room ; out of this second dicky dissolves a third dicky who lie on the couch , Karen come and make out with he -- dicky ( os over the above ) - all the mistake and the regret of the past melt away , you feel so much lightah like when you be young and everything 's in front of you . then it fade and you gotta get high again . all three dicky in the flashback - by the window , dance , make out on couch -- flicker and vanish to the grate sound of aphone leave off the hook . pull out from dicky 's face in present dicky ( exhales smoke ) fuck I gotta find money for micky . what time be it ? 52 ext . charlene's yard - day 52 charlene stand alone on the lawn with she arm cross . charlene why be not you at work ? be espn pay you to train ? micky ( os ) dicky 's handlin ' it . charlene dicky ? Alice would be better than dicky . micky ( os ) would you jump for chrissake ? kasie 's bein ' very patient . ( conttnttft ) 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 52 . 52 continued : 52 pan reveal : micky , in running clothes , hold one end of a old bamboo garden stick , 5 ' across , like a high jump bar ; he daughter kasie , 10 , hold the other end , a pile of tatter chez pillow on the lawn beneath it . kasie maybe it 's too hard for she . maybe there 's not enough cushion . micky it 's only 5 ' 1 " , she do 5 ' 8 " as a champ , right charlene ? 5'8 " ? charlene jog a little curve to the bar and leap backwards , clear 5 '1 , " landing on the pillow . micky and kasie yes ! he clap with kasie as charlene stand rub she ass . charlene fuck , that pillow barely do the job , pardon my french , kasie . micky hey , we gotta get you home kasie , I gotta business dinnah with nana . 53 ext . abandoned lowell crack corner - night 53 skinny Karen stand on the corner in hooker hot pants , high heel , halter top . a new volvo station wagon slow down and a nervous- look upper middle class NPR - type businessman , 45 , in a suit and tie , cruise and toot the horn . Karen walk up to the window . karen you wanna date ? the businessman swallow and nod as he look at Karen 's nipple and body . 54 ext . shadowy dead end STREET - night 54 the volvo wagon be park by the side , light off . 55 int . businessman' volvo station wagon - night 55 Karen start to go down on the businessman while he lean back and close he eye . ( rnnttnttft ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 53. 55 continued : 55 suddenly a beat - up station wagon pull in behind they with its brights shine . businessman oh shit . dicky ( through cheap megaphone slurring ) get outta the cah put ya hand on the roof ! the business man get out , nervous , hand up , pants undone , put he hand on the roof . all he see be bright light and dicky 's silhouette hold up a wallet like a badge . still hear quackah bark . businessman ( put he hand on roof ) please , God , I never do this before , I have two kid , a wife and I support my mother and my aunt . dicky empty ya pocket , put everything on the roof , id , wallet , cash . you wife know you be here , huh ? businessman ( confuse , start to turn ) no , what ? be you - be you a cop ? dicky ( sway , waste drunk ) do not turn around ! empty ya pocket ! the guy empty he pocket onto the roof of the volvo . booboo sit in dicky 's station wagon . dicky walk to the sidewalk , we have to take the vehicle . [ take cash , mumble to Karen ] take half , get we some rock . businessman how will I get home ? suddenly the bwoop - bwoop of a police siren and the flash light as a cop car pull up and another business man , bald , get out and point at dicky . ( rnnttnttt T ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 54 . 55 continued : ( 2 ) 55 bald businessman that's the guy , he got I and he be doin ' it again ! dicky take off run away ... 56 street - downtown , lowell - night 56 dicky run down street ... run through backyard , driveway ... 57 int . olympia restaurant - downtown , lowell - night 57 Alice pull out a lobby card , " ward versus . belinc - foxwood resort as she sit in a large booth with George , mickey o' keefe , Red Dog , sherry . micky arrive with charlene -- alice ( excited , smile proud ) what do ya think , Mick ? look good , right ? micky ( kiss he mother hello , sit down ) oh , yeah , ma , it look great . dicky comin ' ? alice ( look at watch ) he will be here . GEORGE ( nod , kiss charlene hello ) yuh . hey , charlene didja quit the bah ? alice do not she just staht workin ' there ? charlene she do . but she 's want to quit to go for teachah certification . alice ( chuckle ) I think she be plannin ' to live offa micky . charlene give Alice a look . ( conttnttft ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 54aa . 57 continued : 57 micky c'mon , c'mon , this be ' spose to be about the fight , let 's just talk about the fight -- ( c'_c ) nttnttrt ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 54a . 57 continued : ( 2 ) 57 alice what ?! I be just makin ' a joke for chrissake . I be sorry , charlene . charlene it 's ok , I know you be tryin ' to live offa micky for year . micky can we talk business ? mickey o'keefe ( change the topic ) be there gonna be a press conference ? ( rnnttnttt y ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 55 . 57 continued : ( 3 ) 57 alice yeah , five day before the fight -- 58 STREET - cosmopolitan cafe / olympia restaurant - downtown , 58 lowell - night . dicky run down the street toward the restaurant , pass the cosmopolitan cafe , crowd of people out front , bouncer , 6'4 " , 230 lbs. , siren in the air . bouncer ( put he hand up , shake he head ) whoa , spucky tooth , I think you be smokin ' rock , now you be gargle with them ? dicky ( look away , mumble ) you be ' bout to lose you breath . bouncer I be about to lose my what ? and dicky nail the bouncer in the gut , drop he to he knee , wind knock out of he , then dicky hook he jaw ... 6 ' 4 " guy drop fast , hit the sidewalk , sicken thud . cop chasing he on foot run up , dicky punch he out . bust open he nose , blood pour . dicky take a swing at another cop . more police car pull up . officer jump out and slam dicky to the ground ! dicky scream , fight back , kick and punch the police arrest he ... 59 olympia restaurant - night 59 mickey o'keefe we be lookin ' at tape today on belinc and I think if micky cut off the ring in most round -- guy in diner dicky ! it's dicky ecklund ! alice ( stand up ) ohmygahd ! dicky ! mickey o' keefe jump up , start for the door . charlene just shake she head , what the fuck . Alice still hold micky 's lobby card , head outside with George , sherry , sister . micky stand up . charlene pull he back down . ( rnnttnttrt ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 56 . 59 continued : 59 charlene whoa . mickey o'keefe ( glance back , shout ) do not , micky ! I do not want ya gettin ' hurt before the fight ! he rush out after Alice , George , Red Dog , sherry leave micky and charlene behind . hear more siren , scream from the street . micky can not take it , jump up . charlene mickey o'keefe be you kiddin ' I ? be you be you for real ? sit down . serious ? sit down , sit . sit down . she grab the back of he pants .. .he drag she a little , push she hand off , leave she outstretch , hair fall over she face . 60 cosmopolitan cafe - downtown , lowell - night 60 Alice , George run across the street . Red Dog rush toward the fight , try to pull the cop away from dicky , kick &amp ; claw ... another officer grab she . dicky 's thrashing handcuff on the ground , struggle against the officer keep he down , cry out for help ... . micky run out as cop bang dicky up outside the paddy wagon . micky run into the middle of it all , grab a cop 's arm . micky just put he in the wagon . Police tackle micky to the sidewalk , start beat , subdue he with they flashlight ... crack ! crack ! alice ( scream out ) they do not fuckin ' do anything ! get off my boy ! . micky raise he arm defend himself from the long black metal flashlight , head split open bleed . charlene mickyyyy ! nooooo ! ( ccnttnttfn ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 56A . 60 continued : 60 . hear a cop yell , " he 's a fightah , break he fuckin ' hand , break he hand ! " crack ! hard metal break bone in micky 's leave hand . micky scream out in pain ... ( c'c ) nttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 57 . 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 charlene throws herself between the cop and micky and start shove they off he . charlene leave he alone ! [ swing at cop ] back the fuck up ! mickey o'keefe ( pull fellow cop away , try to keep the peace ) guy , come on , back up . cop back up from charlene and o'keefe ... blood spilling into micky 's eye , hold up he leave hand , which charlene look at . charlene ( crying ) - micky , you hand ! you hand ! cop Separate cell , do not let ' they work up some bullshit defense story . Alice run up to dicky as he 's put into one police car , micky into another ; she drop the lobby card which be trample on ' till it 's no longer visible . fade out fade in : pulling out on micky' bandaged hand ... 61 lowell district court - 1st floor - monday morning 61 micky be lead in through one door where he stand before judge ; dicky lead in separately through another door to stand 15 foot from micky -- they exchange look -- both shackle , handcuffs , leg iron , both still wear they bloody clothes from the fight . hear the laundry list of charge against dicky , " Ward one count of disturbing the peace , release on you own recognizance . . ecklund . Three count of assault &amp ; battery on a Police Officer . one count of resisting arrest . one count of larceny from a person . one count of impersonate a police officer . " Alice hold 4 - year - old Little dicky in she lap start to sob , sit in the gallery with tar , pork , Sherri , Little Alice . daughter try consol Alice . no sign of charlene . Karen there , ignore by Alice . HBO camera crew filming ... the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 58. 62 atrium outside courtroom - morning 62 micky stand while he cuff be unlock by a officer ; dicky come lead down the hall by another officer , he slow down and lean to micky , and stop -- dicky we gotta talk , it be self - defense , right , say it be self defense , ya come outside , ya see them beatin ' on I , I do not do nuthin ' -- micky you do not do nuthin ? look at my hand ya selfish prick . officer ( pulling he ) let 's go , dicky - dicky ( lean back to micky ) I be doin ' it for you ! micky what be you doin ' for I ? Officer pause so dicky can listen . micky this ? do I a favah , do not do nuthin ' for I . dicky ( stung , eye well ) what ah ya gonna do without I ? micky stare as Officer pull dicky away , sad . 63 holding cell - behind courtroom - morning 63 . HBO cameraman filming dicky shaking he head , be place into a hold cell behind the courtroom . dicky - I can not believe they let micky go . what about I ? ( conttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 59 . 63 continued : 63 HBO producer ( os ) what would you expect , Dick ? you violate you parole . dicky what would I do ? they be aftah I . I be fuckin' dicky ecklund . I be gonna have to plead out , right , get like three yeah . could HBO help talk to them ? what 's gonna happen to my movie ? I will be out in a yeah or so , maybe less with good behaviah . we can finish it then , right - HBO producer you part will just end with you bein ' arrest . dicky ( tear in he eye ) what about my comeback ? I do not do nuthin' . who 's gonna take care a Little dicky and , what about Tommy ? 64 micky' apartment above garage - night 64 micky sit alone drink a beer , leave hand in a cast , stare at the floor . 65 charlene's apartment build - night 65 . micky finish another beer , throw it into the bush and walk up to the entrance . ring the intercom . charlene ( os intercom ) who be it ? micky do not say anything . charlene ( os intercom ) I do not wanna see you , micky . micky charlene - charlene ( os intercom ) I can not take it , I be not gonna let you or you family drag I down . ( C ''nnttntw.1 ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 60. 65 continued : 65 micky I be quittin ' , charlene , ok ? I be do fightin ' I do not need it no more . charlene ( os intercom ) that 's fuckin ' stupid . micky what ?! why ? charlene because it 's sad you let they take it away from you , with all they stupid bullshit . micky - what else could I do , charlene ? charlene ( os intercom ) there 's a lot you could do , micky . ya fathah 's gotta guy he want ya to meet . you just do not think you can do it without dicky - micky look at the intercom ... do not say anything ... look up at the apartment building . walk away . 65aa int . dicky' cell - billrica house of correction - night 65aa dicky shiver through crack withdrawal , cling to he bed , sweat . scream , scratch at himself , scream in agony . prisoner shout os ' shut the fuck up . ' time lapse show day night day night as dicky shake , scream , shiver . til he stop - exhaust . clean . 65a fade in - ext . roof of house -- day 65a 2 month later - micky , depressed , one hand bandage , roof with George and beaver . fade out - fade in -- 65b int . alice' house - 3 week later - HBO promo for ' high EB crack STREET ' plays on a tv 66 lowell man on the STREET documentary interview . real 66 interview with real lowell . talking about " high on crack STREET " airing that night ... heard it make the CITY look bad ... micky &amp ; dicky bad for the CITY ... dream be dead ... the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 60aaa . 67 dunkin ' donut - chelmsford ST. , lowell - day 67 raining . micky run into a crowded dunkin ' donut , tired , dark circle , out - of -shape . hand heal , habitually stretching and clenching it . ( cunttnttrt ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 60aa . 67 continued : 67 everybody look at he , some whisper . micky 's eye wide , catch sight of mickey o' keefe in the back drink coffee , read the newspaper , still in he police uniform . micky hey ! ( c'nnttnttrt ) 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 60a . 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 mickey o'keefe ( stand , hug micky hello ) how 's ya hand ?! ( more ) ( nnttnttp FL the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 61 . 67 continued : ( 3 ) 67 mickey o'keefe ( cont 'd ) look bettah . micky it 's good , gettin ' there . mickey o'keefe why do not ya come down to the gym if ya want ? ya fat fuck , look atcha . micky ( look at people stare ) now I gotta worry about this movie tonight on HBO , everybody lookin ' at I like I do something ' wrong , be not my fault he 's on tv . mickey o'keefe it 's bettah for ya if ya do not see it , micky , it 's just gonna make ya feel bad . [ turn to everyone ] what be you lookin ' at ? he be not gonna be on tv , it 's he crazy brothah . people stare at they . 68 billerica house of correction - visitor's room-1st floor 68 - day . dicky play with he 4 - year - old son , sit across from Alice smoking a lucky , three newspaper in she lap , room crowded with convict , visitor , thick with smoke . alice everybody 's talkin ' about the movie , dicky , it sound . dicky ( regretful , wary ) I know . ( shake he head ) they be lettin ' everybody on the first two tier watch it tonight . c'mon , hit daddy with a kunckle sandwich . bang-bang . right in the mouth . ( take Little dicky 's hand , hit own mouth ) c'mon , a knuckle sandwich ! . Little dicky hit dicky in the mouth again . . . and dicky pop out he fake tooth . Little dicky crack up laugh . ( centtnttf .t ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 61aa . 68 continued : 68 dicky ( cont 'd ) ( laugh with he son ) - my teef , my teef , dicky , you knock out my teef ! alice they be sayin ' it make you a ' the city look bad . what would they make ya do ? dicky ( pop he tooth back ) it be not suppose to work out this way . say we do it for the kid , mar . alice what kid , dicky ? dicky about drug , and all that . be micky gonna watch it ? you ask ' im why he do not come to see I ? all I do in here be think about comin ' back and workin ' with micky , that 's what keep I goin ' . I want a second chance to do it right for he and win a title . will ya tell he that for I ? they hear a guard , " c'mon , five minute dicky , wrap it up . " Little dicky reach out and gently cup he father 's nose .. the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 61a-62. 69 prison corridor 69 dicky escort by guard walk past 6 ' of bar where guy crowd and yell : " dickyeee ! " " hey , dicky ! dicky ! " " can not wait for tonight , brothah ! " 70 hallway , re-entry room - 1st floor , b.h.c . - day 70 . dicky head back to he cell down the long tunnel - like hallway , stop at the checkpoint for he strip search . the guard , correction Officer 1 , 30 , short , stocky , open the door to the small closet - like room , handprint on the wall . dicky turn back around , bend over and separate he cheek ... correction officer 1 lookin ' forward to seein ' you HBO movie tonight . 71 dicky' cell , 1st tier - 2 nd floor , b.h.c . - night 71 . dicky pace he 6 - by - 10 cell , solid stone wall , black iron - bar door , stainless - steel sink , toilet , crucifix hang on the wall . dicky start throw punch in the air , dance around a rope stretch from one wall to the other , make - shift clothesline drying underwear , white sock .. .over the loudspeaker , " 15 minute to movie time . " dicky glance in a small mirror hang on the wall ... the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 63. 72 day room - 2 nd floor , b.h.c . - night 72 two prison guard supervise . convict cheer when they see dicky walk in . dicky raise he hand above he head ... 73 micky' apartment above garage - kitchen / live room - nightl3 . micky sit in the tiny kitchen , drink beer alone , dead drunk , on tv , HBO 's " High on crack Street , " a Tour guide say , " lowell be the birthplace of the industrial Revolution in America , a place people come to find the american dream . " booboo riding in a car , point , " that house sell crack , that one sell heroin , the one on the cornah sell crack . " micky scramble for the phone , dial frantically . micky ( into phone ) Jimmy , hey , sorry to rush , but I want to make sure kasie 's not watchin' HBO , okay ? 74 laurie &amp ; her husband larger house - night 74 laurie' husband ( into phone ) ok , Mick , I get it -- laurie ( grab phone ) I want she to see it ! let she see who she uncle be ! who you ah ! micky ( into phone ) who I be ? what be you talkin ' about ? turn it off , Laurie , turn it off . Laurie up , join kasie , Jimmy as she watch eye wide ... on tv , dicky talk to camera , miss rotting tooth , hollow - out eye , skeleton - like arm , fuck - up high , try to spark a lighter , " whoa , -- there 's Richard pryah for ya . " 75 b.h.c . - day room , 2 nd floor - night 75 . dicky laugh , sit in the room , wall - to wall noise , cigarette smoke , convict whistling , cheer , watch he life play back in front of he on tv , " you shoulda see I then ! my wife Debbie be the prettiest girl in lowell , and my daughtah Kerry , I want Kerry to be proud a I now . who know what my life woulda be like , ya know . " convict holler , " dickyge ! " " dicky ! " " dickyeee ! " ( C onttnttrn the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 64 . 75 continued : 75 dicky jump up &amp ; put on a show , grin , throw punch in the air ... on tv , Court officer lead dicky out of the courtroom . camera zoom in on Alice hold Little dicky in she arm , both cry , sobbing . Zoom tighter on Little dicky 's face , tear fall down he cheek , snot drip from he nose ... dicky stop punching , grinning ... stand in the noise and the smoke ... watching he 4 - year -old son crying for he on tv , then , he own face behind bar in a hold cell , tear in he eye , " I do not do nuthin' . who 's gonna take care a Little dicky and , what about Tommy ? " . dicky stand there for a moment watch himself , he son , he life on tv ... start shaking he head no no no no . he turn still shaking , and head for the payphone in the back of the room , ignore all the noise , cheer , yell . he pick up one of the phone , dial 0 + he mother 's number , hear the operator , " Operator . " dicky ( into phone ) collect call from dicky . he hear a busy signal , operator say , " sorry , that line be busy , sir . " dicky look back up at one of the tvs , Alice and Little dicky sit in the live room watch a tape of 24 - year - old dicky fight sugar Ray Leonard on HBO . he hang up the phone and walk out of the day room ... 76 cafeteria - 2 nd floor , b.h.c . 76 . dicky drift through the cafeteria , darkness light only by fluorescent light from the open kitchen , three inmate cook chat , clean . nobody even see dicky , a ghost float through the gloom . he open a large unlock black metal mesh door in the back , head down the stair , at the bottom another large door . dicky open it ... 77 int . trap , 1st floor - b.h.c . - night 77 . he step into .. . the trap , the room in which inmate arrive to be process , where a guard , correction Officer 2 , 30 , tall , sit . correction officer 2 ( stand , surprised ) dicky !? what be you doin ' here ? ( conttnttfd ' the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 65 . 77 continued : 77 dicky I gotta go home , Harry . I gotta tell dicky it 's gonna be okay , he do not gotta cry . correction officer 2 ( step out , put a hand on dicky' shoulder ) get back upstairs before I write ya up . dicky - he do not gotta cry no more . correction officer 2 I do not know what you be talk about , dicky , but you can not be here . you gotta go back up . dicky look at correction Officer 2 , turn and head back . 78 corridor , 2nd floor - b.h.c . - night 78 . dicky walk down the dimly light hall , shadow dance off wall , distant cheer , scream echoing ... step into the dark kitchen ... dicky sink to he knee .. .onto the hard grey cement floor .. . and bow he head to pray . 79 alice be &amp ; GEORGE ward be house - live room - night 79 . Alice cry as she watch " High on crack Street " with George and couple of she daughter . Little dicky come in . alice ( wiping away she tear dialing phone ) no , sweetheaht , go back upstairs , you can not watch this . [ into phone ] micky , can you believe what they be doin ' to we ? 80 micky' apartment above garage - live room / kitchen 80 - night . micky on the phone , upset , watch HBO . micky ( into phone ) ma , I know , but he do it to himself . ( cnnttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 66. 80 continued : 80 alice ( on phone ) what be he thinkin ! they set he up ! knocking on the door , he open it as he listen to phone.. charlene be there . micky 's eye widen with surprise . he have not see she in a while . alice ( on phone ) maybe they get the drug far ' im a ' the movie -- micky ( stare at charlene ) it 's very sad , mar , I gotta call ya back . he hang up . he and charlene stare at each other , take it in , emotional , awkward . she laugh a little through tear . - . they hug . micky cry into she shoulder and hair , charlene hold onto he , she back he into he bedroom , the fall to the bed , kissing . fade out - 81 fade in - micky' bedroom - early next morning 81 next morning . micky 's hand grab dingy white box wrap out of the darkness of he messy closet , fade red glove , throw they into a old blue gym bag , leave . charlene sit up in bed , groggy , get up in micky 's t-shirt , go out . 81a stair - micky' apartment above garage - early morning 81a micky stand at the top of the stair , old blue gym bag sling over he shoulder , early morning . he look out at morning ... 82 ext . micky' 2 nd floor apt . porch - continuous 82 charlene run out ; micky pause on stair . micky ( pause on stair ) I wanna meet that guy George tell you about . [ pause ] the one with the cab company . charlene nod , micky disappear down the stair ; she run to the edge of the balcony , look down , wait , in a moment micky 's back appear from under the porch , walk away . she watch he go . the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 66a . 82a ext . lowell STREET neary micky be - day 82a micky walk -- silently -- camera track with he , on he face . then let 's he go into distance . ( CC ) nttnttfn ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 67 . 82a continued : 82a tick tick tick we hear jump rope before we dissolve to : 83 omitted 83 84 ramalho's west end gym - day 84 day later : micky jump rope ; micky doe abs work under mickey o' keefe 's watchful gaze . ; micky hit speed bag ; micky move in ring . jump rope again . Pan reveal : charlene , George , and sal lonano , 45 , italian , dark , mustache , tinted glass , thick dark hair , watch . . micky stop jump , catch he breath . kiss charlene hello . mickey o'keefe nobody keep tryin ' like this kid , I swear to God someone up there 's watchin ' over he , he 's far from do . he will take five punch to land one , that 's how he fight , that 's who he be . micky this be sal lonano . micky shake sal lonano 's hand . micky you own a cab company , you be a good businessman , right ? sal lonano ( nods ) I already make some call . spoke to Bobby tag and he say we can get a small fight , something ' local to staht back with . micky o'keefe get ya confidence back . sal lonano right , go from there . [ clap he hand together in a idiosyncratic way ] mickey o'keefe - micky , I know ya dad want this guy to manage ya , and I will train ya on one condition . charlene no crazy - time nonsense . ( rnnttnttfn ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 68. 84 continued : 84 mickey o'keefe no dicky , no Alice . if they come back , I be go , Mick . I can not deal with the bullshit , no offense georgie . GEORGE none take , I be the one who 's gonna get he ball cut off anyway . 85 alice &amp ; GEORGE ward house - kitchen - day 85 George hold he arm up as pot , plate come fly at he . Alice look around for something else to throw at he . George grab she and hold on before she can hit he ... alice you traitor motherfucker ! GEORGE that pan hurt , you crazy bitch ! I hadda help micky ! alice with that scumbag lonano ?! now I gotta save micky ! 86 ' 88 lincoln continental ( parked ) - alice &amp ; GEORGE ward be 86 house - day Alice and most of the sister pile into Alice 's car . 87 omitted 87 88 charlene's apartment - live room - day 88 micky and charlene make out in they underwear on the bed when a car screech up outside . the intercom ring . . charlene look out she window , see two sister on she porch while Alice and four other sister pile out of the car and up she walk . charlene Holy shit . you mothah 's here with you sistah . micky do not answah the door . charlene I be not hidin ' from you crazy fuckin ' family , micky ! the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 69 . 89 front door - charlene's apartment - day 89 the door open ... and charlene stand there with micky slightly behind she . charlene hi. alice well , well , well , look at this . charlene look at what ? alice you can not hide from we , micky . charlene he 's not hide . alice I be not talkin ' to you , I be talkin ' to my son . what be you doin ' micky ? micky I be not hidin ' from nobody - alice ya not helpin ' yaself with ya fathah 's scumbag friend , and ya can not turn ya back on dicky , all he evah want be for you to be World champ . charlene micky 's a grow man , he can make he own decision . alice keep ya mouth shut . I be he muthah . you need dicky , no one train you like he , ya can not do it without ' IM - charlene ( laugh ) what else can he do , dicky 's in prison ! ( cnnttnttff ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 70 . 89 continued : 89 micky why ya always lookin ' out for he , ma ? wes ? why 's it always dicky , dicky , dicky - alice I be lookin ' out for you . my boy be everything to I . I have nine child , I love all a you the same . charlene you get a funny way a showin ' it -- micky yeah , a funny way , ma , dicky 's a great trainah , I love he to death , but do ya evah think all the othah damage he 's do ? charlene lettin ' he get beat up , get he hand break . alice ( lunge at charlene ) be you crazy , micky 's my baby ! micky grab she before she get to charlene . micky do not ever lay a hand on charlene . tar ( cindy ) skank . pork ( cathy ) she 's a fuckin ' bah skank ! charlene do not call I skank , I will rip that hair right outta ya fuckin ' head ! Red Dog lunge at charlene and take poke at she ; charlene grab Red Dog 's face and shove she .. . then backhand beaver , who 's grab she hair , sloppy like a bar fight . micky ( let go of he mother , break up the fight ) hey ! hey ! for the love a Christ ! ( cnnttnttff ' the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 71 . 89 continued : ( 2 ) 89 alice ( quiet , cry ) micky -- they look at each other , tearful , heartbreaking . Red Dog and beaver put they arm around she and walk she to the car . alice ( cry as they walk ) what 's happen ? my God , what be happen to everyone ? I do not undahstand it . George pull up in roofing truck , start to get out , see Alice and sister , look scared , pull out . 90 sheraton inn lowell - guest room , 4th floor - 7:00 pm - 90 friday title : Ward versus . castillo - Sheraton Inn lowell - August 19 , 1994 . micky get undress , get ready for the fight . charlene sit on the bed watch he . close on : micky stand till in the mirror , mutter under he breath as he go over combination and scenario in he head . 91 hallway - sheraton inn lowell - 8:28 pm 91 hour later . micky leave he room , head move side - to - side , warm up , sweat drip , glove , robe on . . . charlene next to he , mickey o'keefe , Art ramalho , andcutman Ed aliano walk in front of he .. . micky see " ' irish ' mickey Ward " on the back of o' keefe 's corner jacket . micky ( shake he head , on edge ) I do not spell my name with a friggin ' " E . " 92 elevator , sheraton inn lowell - door OPEN 92 micky stand in he robe , box trunk , glove , in the elevator with the other , nod to a young couple and they two kid , roll he neck , shake he leg , mickey o' keefe rub he shoulder . Young couple not sure what to make of it .. ding ! the elevator finally arrive . micky let the family out first , then he , charlene , mickey o' keefe , Art ramalho and Ed aliano step off . the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 72. 93 ring - ballroom , sheraton inn lowell - 8:58 pm 93 title : rd 4 - 2:08 ( time run down ) . micky 's chin almost atop luis castillo 's , 33 , 5 9 " , 144 lb , shoulder ... throw a leave hook to castillo 's rib ... mickey o' keefe shouting from ringside ... charlene cheer with sal lonano ... George ... micky follow with a short right uppercut , then a hook .. . and castillo go crash down to the canvas ! tries to get up , stumbling ... referee wave the fight over ... hometown stand - room - only crowd explode cheer , scream for micky ... . micky raise he hand in victory for the first time in year , look over to he corner ... no dicky . micky o' keefe duck through the rope and hug micky , whisper something in he ear . charlene follow , hugging micky . 94 inside yard , 1st floor - b.h.c . - day 94 week later . dicky 's run , shadowbox around a track , gray hood sweatshirt soak with sweat , noisy crowded square 75 - by-75 , solid brick up 20 - foot , razor - spirale barb wire . he slow down , walk , alone , quiet within himself . we watch he for a moment . over loudspeaker , " visit for dicky ecklund . " 95 visitor be room - 1st floor , b.h.c . - day 95 . micky and dicky sit face each other . micky I know you know what I be doin' . I be sure Alice , everybody else , tell you , I want to tell you to you face , myself . I get new management , I be workin ' with mickey o' keefe , and it 's go good . dicky yeah , sure , they get ya fighin ' alfonso sanchez . micky ( proud ) on HBO . dicky ( make a face ) yeah , HBO 's all invest in the mexican , micky , wake up , they do not care if you get kill . toma do it . he 's usin ' ya like a steppin ' - stone for sanchez . ( rnnttnttpn ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 73. 95 continued : 95 micky of course , how could I stand a chance without the great dicky ecklund in my corner ? you do not care if I get kill with mungin , now all of a sudden , you be worried sanchez be gonna hurt I , why ? cuz you be stick here and you can not be center of attention no more . dicky I see that mexican fight , micky ! he hit very hard ! 15 knockout ! undefeate ! be you crazy ? that idiot lonano go right for it ! he 's usin ' you to steal money ! micky ( pissed ) I waste my 20 in bad fight set by you and Alice ! I finally gotta good thing goin ' , shut up and be happy for I ! dicky what 's ya plan , Mick ? how ya gonna fight sanchez ? micky I be not here to talk about that ! dicky oh yeah , you be . micky watch the fight , you will see the plan . dicky they will not let we watch the fight cuz it 's ' violent ' ! they let we watch the stupid documentary on crack but not my own brothah fightin ' ! [ people look at they ] . be ya scared ? be ya embarraass cuz ya do not even have a plan ? just tell I . micky ya gonna shit on it no mattah what I say ! ( c'.onttnttft ) ' the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 73a . 95 continued : ( 2 ) 95 dicky I will not shit on it . come on , just tell I . micky ( think , then , grudgingly ) go toe to toe ; ovahhand right in the middle round . he 's weak against the overhand right . dicky ( eye wide ) who come up with that ? fatty o' keefe ? micky fuck you . I be gonna go . ( stands ] dicky ya gotta run against this guy ! move , let ' im punch himself out ( more ) ( c''onttnttf : F ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 74 . 95 continued : ( 3 ) 95 dicky ( cont 'd ) take ' im to the body , micky ! get inside . switch stance like ya workin ' he right , hit ' im on the leave . be careful , do not switch outside . micky ( start to go ) you be not I . you can not be I . you have a hard enough time be you when you have you chance . I will fight sanchez the way I fight . walk out . dicky ( stand and shout ) I be talkin ' about the way you fight , you moron ! you know I be right ! as micky open the door he face register dicky 's word . 96 thomas &amp ; mack CENTER , las vega - aisle - 9:02 pm 96 title : sanchez vs. Ward - Thomas &amp ; mack Center , Las Vegas . micky make he way down the aisle for the sanchez fight , emerald trunk , robe with white trim , " mickey Ward " spell wrong on the back , crowd cheer , HBO . . . mickey o' keefe and cutman ed aliano , 62 , gray hair , glass , right behind micky , emerald " mickey Ward " corner ' aacket . 97 ring - thomas &amp ; mack CENTER - 9:28 pm 97 title : rd 5 - :48 ( time run down ) . micky beat up , run away , face red , scrape on he leave cheek , cut above he leave eye .. . hard punch alfonso sanchez , 25 , 5'7 " , 140 lb , black trunk , chase after he .. . charlene scream sit ringside with sal lonano , George , donna , beaver , they husband , sit behind they .. . . crowd all around boo micky , hear one of the HBO announcer , larry merchant ( the real audio ) , " I mean , Ward 's just run away . ( rnnttnttfd ' the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 75 . 97 continued : 97 it 's awful . I know sanchez be strong , really strong , but I can not understand why Ward 's not fight back . this fight 's suppose to be a reality check to see where he 's at . he 's a better fighter than this . he lust keep run away . " . sanchez catch micky , land a right and a leave ... bam ! bam !... micky reel against the rope ... sanchez hit he with a right -- right -- Left hook -- Left hook .. . micky try to tie sanchez up ... bam !... Left hook ! the bell ring . end of rd 5. 98 ring apron , micky' corner - between 5 th &amp ; 6th rds -8:29 pm 98 . charlene watch micky stumble to the corner . mickey o' keefe inside the ring pour water into micky 's mouth , Al gavin lean over , work to stop the bleed above micky 's leave eye . charlene ( stand up , shouting ) come on micky ! stop dickin ' around ! mickey o'keefe ( kneel in front of micky ) breathe , Mick , breathe . catch this sunovabitch with a ovah hand right , ya hear I ? he will not see it comin' . micky ( nod , spit out water ) he hit like brick . when he miss it hurt . 99 ring - thomas &amp ; mack CENTER - 8:31 pm 99 title : rd 6 - 2:01 ( time run down ) . micky run again , around &amp ; around the ring . 100 alice &amp ; GEORGE ward be house - live room - continuous 100 Alice stand hold the phone to she ear as she watch the fight on HBO . Little Alice , Sherri , tar , pork , all watch the fight with she . alice ( on phone ) he 's fightin ' scared , dicky . runnin ' , not hittin ' back , o' keefe look mad . he 's gonna get hurt - the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 76 . 101 b.h.c . - day room - continuous 101 . dicky on a pay phone , convict on all the phone , more wait they turn behind the yellow line . dicky ( on phone ) no , ma , it 's okay , it 's okay , he 's doin ' what I tell ' im . he 's doin ' it ! intercut as necessary : on tv , micky switch stance outside ... sanchez counter with a booming leave uppercut ... bam ! micky drop to one knee ! alice ( on phone ) oh Jesus ! dicky ( on phone ) what happen ?! alice ( on phone ) knocked down with a uppah cut changin ' stance outside ! dicky ( on phone , scream ) I tell ' im inside , c'mon , micky ! CUT back to : 102 ring - thomas &amp ; mack CENTER 102 . micky get back to he foot . . . referee mitch halpern give he a stand eight - count , " Three ... four ... five ... " refereee mitch halpern ( look at micky ) you alright ? micky ( eye wide , blood dripping ) yuh . . halpern motion to start fight . micky immediately run again , stay away from sanchez , hear another HBO announcer , roy jone jr. , ( the real audio ) , " the referee should just go ahead and stop this fight . ( rnnttnttff ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 77 . 102 continued : 102 he know that micky do not want to be here . " hear jim lampley , " this be really one of the saddest kind of fight in box . micky Ward be 32 - years-old . he 's here because he need the money . he 's take a beat . get humiliate . " micky just keep run . the bell ring . end of rd 6. 103 alice &amp ; GEORGE ward house - live room 103 alice ( on phone ) they be sayin ' they should stop the fight , they never see such a embarrassin ' performance , oh it 's awful , Dick . 104 b.h.c . - day room 104 dicky ( eye wide , start to get nervous , on phone ) he 's gotta go inside , ma , he 's gotta go inside when the time 's right . he 's gotta - 105 micky' corner , ring - thomas &amp ; mack CENTER 105 . micky make he way over to he corner , bleed from above he leave eye , leave cheek .. . mickey o' keefe jump into the ring ... sal lonano leave he seat and go to the corner , charlene follow he . sal lonano ( shout at micky ) why you run around so much ?! do not run around no more mickey o'keefe ( yell back at sal ) shut the fuck up , sal ! sal lonano you be blowin ' it ! . mickey o' keefe pour water into micky 's mouth . referee Mitch halpern come over to the corner . refereee mitch halpern ya gotta show I something ' soon , Mick , or I be gonna stop it . ( conttnttrt ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 78. 105 continued : 105 mickey o'keefe he 's good ! he 's good ! charlene ( look up at micky from ringside ) they be gonna stop the fight ! micky ( lean out rope , angry ) ) do not stop the fight , -- I get it . charlene ( shout ) then let' go , baby ! let 's go ! get ya frickin ' punch off ! mickey o'keefe ( through the rope ) will ya siddown , I get it ! I know what I be doin ' , Jesus -- ( wipe vaseline over micky' face ) I do not know what 's happenin ' out there , maybe you wanna fuckin ' tell I , cuz we be losin ' all six round . be that what ya want ? you want I to stop it ? I be gonna stop this fight , micky . I sweah to Christ , I will stop it . I do not know what ya doin ' but ya bettah do it soon . CUT to : alice ( tense teasr , hold phone , watch tv ) round 7 . sanchez will try to finish ' im right now . ( tear , wipe eye ) CUT to : dicky on the phone at prison , lean head on wall , tense , mutter to himself , shake he head , tear up . prisoner watch , sad . dicky ( sad ) aw , come on , micky . CUT back to : the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 79 . 106 ring - thomas &amp ; mack CENTER 106 title : rd 7 - 3:00 ( time run down ) . sanchez come out from he corner , no fear of micky . the bell ring . micky meet he in the middle of the ring ... sanchez come out hard , try to end it , pound micky 's body ... bam ! bam ! bam !... micky shake he head , unload a hard leave hook and take a step closer ... suddenly everything slow down .. . micky see excactly what dicky tell he - mapped out like dance step on the canvas . micky move inside on sanchez he switch stance workin ' he right .. . then he hit he on the leave . that 's he punch . he own it . he and dicky work it a million time . back to regular speed . sanchez go down to he hand and knee like he 's be shot ! hear lampley , " what be I look at ? this be one of the most extraordinary thing I have ever see in box ! " ... sanchez crawl on the canvas in pain . halpern count he out , " six ... Seven ... " micky run to a neutral corner ; then jump with he arm in the air when sanchez do not move . charlene ( jump up &amp ; down ) yeahhhhhh ! fuck yeahhhhhhh ! CUT to : alice ( shocked , eye wide ) he did it ! body shot ! it's ovah ! CUT to : dicky ( scream out ) yeahhhhhh ! my bruthah dropped sanchez ! just like I tell ' im ! prisoner and guard explode into cheer . CUT back to : mickey o' keefe hugging micky , jump up and down in the ring together as sal lonano and George jump up in micky 's corner . charlene jump up and down cry and laugh . sal hug he , micky push he off . . micky drop to one knee in he corner and cross himself , blood drip down he face . the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 80. 107 dressing room - thomas &amp ; mack CENTER - night 107 micky sit on a table , Ed aliano fix up he face , clean up the blood . charlene , mickey o' keefe , George , donna , beaver , husband , other hanger - onner , celebrate , happy , drunk . sal lonano walk in . sal lonano micky , Mike toma just tell I something very interesting . micky , charlene look at sal , unsure . sal lonano remember Alice tell ya Mike toma be usin ' ya like a steppin stone for sanchez and I say she be fulla shit ? turn out she be right . toma say sanchez have a title shot if he win tonight . micky and charlene look unsure as they take this i mickey o'keefe Holy Christ , that 's beautiful . charlene why ? why be the beautiful ? sal lonano now it 's micky 's shot . Shea neary in London for the title . charlene kiss micky . everybody slapping micky on the back , hugging he , jump up &amp ; down around he , celebrate he , a world title shot . micky smile in the middle of the celebration , then , distract , something 's miss . 108 lowell man on the STREET documentary interview . real 108 interview with real lowell . excite talk about sanchez knock out : bam , like he be shot ! micky proved everyone wrong . . . and now shea neary ! world title ! hope be back ... dream renewed ... 109 b.h.c. , front door - NORTH billerica , Mass - day 109 month later . dicky walk out of prison into the bright sun , three - story brick building high on a hill , wear the same clothes he be arrest in over a year ago ... stretch out he back , head down the stair toward the driveway , 30 - foot chain - link fence , high razor-spiraled barb wire . the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 81. 110 visitors parking lot , b.h.c . - ' 88 lincoln continental 110 ( parked ) - day . dicky see he mother 's lincoln park at a security gate , start to run . Alice get out of she car , Little dicky , now 6 - year -old , jump out the other side . alice ( give dicky a big hug ) oh dicky , thank gahd , everythin' gonna be ok again . dicky ( hugging he mother ) easy , ma , my back 's killin ' I . alice thank god you be out ! charlene and that lonano charactah be robbin ' ' im blind , sal 's sayin ' be not no money for spahhin ' pahtnah ! dicky I will make it right with micky , I will apologize , it will all be okay . alice ( look at dicky like he 's crazy ) what be you talkin ' about ? you be dicky ecklund . you get nuthin ' to apologize for . CUT to : 111 ' 88 lincoln continental ( parked ) - ramalho's west end gym ,111 school ST . - day . dicky close the door to he mother 's car , Little dicky in he arm , McDonald 's in he hand .. . Alice get out after he . dicky look up at the decaye brick warehouse , still abandon except for the 1st floor , break window still on all the upper floor . 112 ramalho's west end gym - 1st floor - day 112 note : sister will come in with cake and welcome back dicky sign at worst possible moment we feel and choose tomorrow . dicky step through the doorway , hold Little dicky , McDonald 's , Alice behind they ... see micky hit the pad with micky o' keefe in the center ring ... charlene , George , sal , Art ramalho watch ringside , Ray ramalho clean up the place . ( rnnttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 82. 112 continued : 112 dicky ( look around , shout ) quackah ! . micky stop punch , smile when he see he brother , sweat drip ... and jump out of the ring , leave mickey o' keefe behind hold the pad ... charlene , George , sal , Art , Ray , other fighter in the gym look at dicky , some call out , " dicky ! " " dickyee ! " " dicky ! " while micky and alice have awkward eye contact ; also charlene and alice , then micky and charlene . micky -- dicky donut lookit ya ! they let ya keep the new tooth ! dicky ( nod , smile ) hey , why be not micky spahhin ' !? georgie , what be you doin ' outta the house ? charlene just shake she head at dicky . micky kiss he mother hello . GEORGE ( put a short beefy arm around dicky 's neck ) dicky , meet my friend sal lonano . dicky glance warily at sal for brief eye contact . dicky ( emotional , defend ) hey. ( turn to Ray ramalho ) ra Ray ! ( high fives Ray ) o' keefe stare , fume , look to micky , who glance nervously , but say nothing . dicky I wanna make a amend to everyone here , I know I do a lot of stupid thing , and I wanna say I be sorry , and that 's ovah . they all look at he . dicky I be very grateful to be back in this gym with you all . I gotta lotta time to make up for , and I wanna make the best of it . ( more ) ( cnnttnttft ) ' the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 82a . 112 continued : ( 2 ) 112 dicky ( cont 'd ) you deserve the best , micky , you have a chance to go all the way and I be ready to be there for ya . charlene and o' keefe look upset . awkward , everyone look at dicky who nod , pleased , and walk into the locker room . o' keefe and charlene stare intensely at micky , who look somber . ( rnnttnt7ft ) 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 83. 112 continued : ( 3 ) 112 micky go into the locker room . 113 locker room , ramalho's west end gym - day 113 dicky change , Little dicky watch he , both still eat McDonald 's . micky walk into the locker room . dicky ( changing ) I can not tell ya how good it be to be back . micky you look good , you eye be clear . dicky I look good , right ? Alice say lock up mighta be the best thing to happen to I . I get clean . I get clear up here ( tap he head ) . micky that 's beautiful , Dick . there 's something ' we gotta talk about . dicky hold on , I want to say ' I be waitin ' for this day , micky , I be waitin ' the whole time I be away . it keep I goin ' , it keep I alive , the idea of we workin ' togethah again . micky look at he , nod . it 's break he heart . micky I make a promise to they that I would not work with you again . dicky take this in . stun . ( cnnttnttff ' the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 83a . 113 continued : 113 dicky ever ? micky I have to . after everything that happen . I be sorry . dicky be hurt , stunne . dicky the whole time I be away -- micky I be glad you be back , I be glad you be do good , I do not know what else to say . ( rnnttnttft ) ' the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 84. 113 continued : ( 2 ) 113 micky , tear in he eye , stare at dicky a moment , nod , leave the locker room . 114 int . gym - continuous 114 all eye watch micky mess up now -- charlene , o' keefe , George , Alice , Little dicky , other . he step back into the ring with o'keefe . o' keefe look unsure as he hold the mit . micky 's about to throw when o' keefe turn , look . ( cnnttnttf . ) 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 85 . 114 continued : 114 dicky walk back into the gym as micky be about to work out with o'keefe . alice what happen ? dicky he say I can not work with he . alice that 's not right . [ dicky start to leave ] he never woulda win sanchez without I ! mickey o'keefe that 's fuckin ' bullshit ! take that back ! dicky do not talk to my mother my mother like that . alice why do not you ask micky ? mickey o'keefe they gotta go . if we be gonna train . charlene they have to go , micky . alice why do not you ask micky if he woulda win sanchez without dicky ? ask he . they all look at micky . he be tear up over this as he consider it before he speak and they all watch , tense . micky I would n'ta win sanchez without dicky . charlene how can you say that to o'keefe ? micky because it 's true . I go in with we plan and it be not work , I switch to what I learn with dicky . micky look at o' keefe , who be hurt . ( cnnttntt ' N the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 85aa . 114 continued : ( 2 ) 114 micky ( cont 'd ) I would n'ta win it without you , either , o' keefe , you know that . charlene you get the focus and confidence from o' keefe and sal and you father and I ! alice you be lucky to win that fight , dicky save he ! charlene we save he ! dickya junkbag ! ( C onttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 85a . 114 continued : ( 3 ) 114 dicky fuck you , charlene , I be 8 month sober . charlene I be sure you will need something ' for you back now that you be out . dicky o' keefe 's in the same boat I be , one day at a time , why 's it all right for he to be here , but not I ? I be blood . micky I be the one fight , not you , not you , and not you . I know what I need . charlene ( get shrill ) and you need dicky ? micky roil as he make this decision . micky I want dicky back . and I want you , charlene , and I want o' keefe , and my family . charlene you can not do that to we . micky you sound like they now . charlene maybe you be just like they and that 's where you belong . she look at he , turn and walk out of the gym , follow by o' keefe , who look sadly back at micky . alice everything happen for a reason , this could be for the best , honey . micky watch dicky get gear up with glove , headgear , mouth guard by Art ramalho . another boxer gear up micky . ( cnnttnttfn ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 86. 114 continued : ( 4 ) 114 Alice 's eye glow . ray ramalho dicky ecklund , the pride a lowell ! this rankle micky as he and dicky square off . dicky I be trainin ' in jail , so I be ready . the two brother spar , fall right back into it as Alice , George , other watch . dicky move around the ring ... he snap micky 's head with a combination . micky start bang he with body shot ... bam ! bam ! bam !... dicky try to make micky miss . micky grab he tie he up .. . dicky push micky away , duck , jab .. . micky trap dicky 's leave under he elbow / arm , pull it . . . turn dicky so he back be expose , drilling he in the kidney . dicky go down on one knee in pain ... and micky come over the top with a straight right off the back of dicky 's head .. . dicky slam down hard ! face hit canvas , blood run from he nose into he mouth ... ( conttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 86a . 114 continued : ( 5 ) 114 little dicky ( cry ) daddy , daddy ! ( cunttnttf . and the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 87. 114 continued : ( 6 ) 114 alice ( hold Little dicky ) Alice , take he home . [ Little Alice leave with Little dicky ] . what be you doin ' , micky ? what 's the matter with you ! micky can this be my fight , for once , Alice , huh , just once , maybe just this one time , not for dicky ? I know you think he 's comin ' back , he 's 40 year old and do not have a tooth in he head that 's he own -- dicky ( getting up ) I can go ten more round , let 's go - alice let you brother talk . dicky I be Shea neary , let 's go , I be Shea neary , how ya gonna work I ? micky shut up ! dicky Shea neary -- micky shut up ! dicky , hurt , stop . dicky I be the one who have this fight , this be my chance for a title , and I will not get another one after this . be I be selfish ? be I say micky , micky , micky ? I be sorry , I think I be fight for a championship . he throw he gear off and start to go when she run to he , embrace he . alice I be sorry , I be sorry . I do not know . ( more ) ( conttnttrn ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 87aa . 114 continued : ( 7 ) 114 alice ( cont 'd ) I do not know what I be do , I do not know why I do what I do , I do the best I could , I will do better , I do not want to hurt you , micky , I love you so much . as she hold he , micky look frustrated , but tear up in spite of himself and nod . they hear wooden folding chair that be propped by the cake fall by accident , and look to see dicky throw gear as he leave via the main door . a115 ext . ramalho's west end gym - continuous a115 George run after dicky outside the gym , shout . GEORGE ( try to keep up with dicky ) come on back -- dicky no , I gotta take care a something . GEORGE micky want you , I want you . dicky do ya , georgie ? ( conttnttfd ' the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 87a . a115 continued : a115 GEORGE we gotta do this for micky , come on . you be my son , too , Dick . come on . dicky you be my poppa , George . dicky I gotta take care a something . he take off , leave George behind . GEORGE ( shout ) I know what that mean , do not do it , Dick . come back . but dicky keep go . George watch , sad . ( cnnttnttft ) 1 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 88. a115 continued : ( 2 ) a115 ( conttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 88a . a115 continued : ( 3 ) a115 the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 89 . 115 street - downtown , lowell - late afternoon 115 Sun start to die in the sky . dicky limping down the street , still sweaty in short , t-shirt , hear people shouting out he name , " dicky ! " " dicky ! " " dicky ! " the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 90 . 116 ext . crack STREET - continuous 116 dicky walk down the street , wave to familiar cambodian face and other . approach the crack house . booboo , wolfie , some other crackhead hang out front . booboo , wolfie , karen ( see dicky , shout ) dicky 's back ! hey , dicky ! dicky limp toward they , slow down , look at booboo , the house behind then continue to walk - then start to run . dicky run down the street ... 117 charlene's apartment build - late afternoon 117 dicky push the buzzer , sweat drip . dicky ( into intercom ) charlene , it 's dicky . charlene get off my porch , you piece of shit . dicky press the buzzer and will not stop . charlene ( over the buzzer ) you fuckin ' asshole ! 118 front door , charlene's apartment - late afternoon 118 charlene open she door ... dicky stand in the doorway , sweat , agitate . dicky I know you can not fuckin ' stand I . charlene really ? what make ya say that ? dicky I get no use for you eithah , but my bruthah love ya and ya can not walk away ' cause a I . he do not deserve that . if you want I to quit , I will quit . charlene you be full a shit . ( cnnttntt D ' the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 91 . 118 continued : 118 dicky sweah to God , I will quit if it make you go back . micky 's get a chance to do somethin' I nevah do - charlene ( mocking ) oh , the sugah Ray leonahd fight be my chance , I be great , I fight sugah Ray leonahd --- dicky fuck you , charlene . I come here to make thing right - charlene ok , let 's make thing right , numbah one : ya do not knock down sugah Ray leonahd , he trip . dicky ( pause ) I be in the fuckin ' ring with ' im , chalene , do not you think I know what happen ? but I go ten round with sugar Ray Leonard , what the fuck have you evah do ? be you life so great ? she do not say anything . dicky you eye be red , you be hang ovah , do not tell I you be not . ya life suck . charlene maybe , the part without micky suck . maybe I never do anything special like you , but I love micky and I want he to have he chance . dicky then leave I alone . he need I , you hear he , and I know he need you , so let 's spare he the bullshit from either one of we . she look at he . nod grudgingly . ( CC ) nttnttff ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 92 . 118 continued : ( 2 ) 118 charlene ok . I will see ya in micky 's corner , otherwise go fuck yourself . dicky nod , walk off the porch . 119 STREET - charlene's apartment build - late afternoon 119 . micky slam the door of he car , walk to see : dicky leave . micky ( surprised ) - what the hell be you doin ' here ? dicky we work it out fah you . ask she . it 's all together . micky look up and see charlene stand in the door . she nod . he look at dicky . micky good. get o' keefe back , too . dicky micky nod , head toward charlene . dicky - hey , Mick , you think I knock down sugah Ray leonahd ? micky pause , look at he brother , say nothing . micky you go ten round , and he never hurt you . you be my hero . dicky ( walk away , back turned ) I be ... he walk away . ( cnnttnttff ' the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 93. 119 continued : 119 micky ( call after he ) do you want a ride home ? dicky ( shake he head , limp away ) Nah , I be good . I be good . micky watch he brother walk away ; charlene hug micky 's arm . 120 hilton london olympia HOTEL - conference room - london , 120 england - night title : neary versus . Ward , wbu Light welterweight title weigh - in - Hilton London olympia Hotel , London . dicky , Alice , charlene , George , sal , o' keefe bicker as micky stand on edge of press conference . dicky I should be the one standin ' there next to he , I be he trainah , he brothah and my mothah -- alice be there from the staht -- charlene I and o' keefe get he through sanchez -- micky hey . nobody go on stage . just I and the manager , that 's how it 's do by the professional . I do not wanna hear anothah word . micky &amp ; dicky stand together watch shea " shamrock express " neary , 30 , 5 '8 " , 140 lb , hard look , flat nose , short - cropped hair , square jaw , shirt , pants off , underwear only , be weigh - in by british box commissioner , wbu official . neary 's manager , JOHN hyland , 41 , bald , glass , by he side , yapping at reporter , microphone , camera . JOHN hyland ( thick Liverpool accent ) - Shea 's be sleepin ' on a concrete floor in a empty apahtment , livin ' by ' imself away from ' be family . ( cnnttnttfn ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 94 . 120 continued : 120 dicky whisper intoMicky 's ear ... micky smile , putshisarm around he brother . sal lonano stand behind thescale , hear a commissioner shout , " neary , -- 9 stone , 13 pound ! " photographer snap shot , reporter shouting question , " hey , micky , what about you ? " micky Nah , I be not gonna sleep on no floor . I like my bed a ' my girlfriend too much - he wave at charlene in the crowd . Reporters laugh . neary glare at micky and step off the scale . micky see Alice squeeze way in the back of the room with George , both all dress up , new clothes , hair do up . micky ( shout out ) hey , ma , dad , come on up here ! Alice and George start head toward the front of the room , Alice look at all the camera , smile , she 's back in the spotlight . she 's the belle of the ball . micky ( to the reporter ) my muthah use to manage both of we , I and dicky both . neithah of we would be here if it be not for she , right ? dicky no shit , Mick , she 's we muthah - Reporters laugh , shout , " how long be you they manager for , Mrs. Ward ? " alice ( smile at all the camera .. .her one well - rehearsed line ) I be managin ' both of them my whole life , honey . Reporters laugh . micky &amp ; dicky laugh . micky see charlene shake she head and smile despite herself . shea neary ( Liverpool accent , snap ) why the hell 's ya mothah up here , this be not no place for old lady . ( C y ) nttnttt ? T ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 95 . 120 continued : ( 2 ) 120 Alice turn to neary like she 's gonna fuck hit he . dicky put a arm around she . photographer yell , " let 's eeta picture , boy ! " " face off ! " micky shake he head , stand across from neary . neary glare at micky try to intimidate he . " micky , it 's you first fight overseas , and it 's in Shea 's hometown , you worried about that ? " micky ( shrug ) - you can have the whole country behind ya , but it 's only gonna be I and he in the ring , right ? 121 olympia grand hall - 9:10 pm 121 title : neary versus . Ward , wbu Light welterweight title - olympia Grand Hall . crowd stream into olympia Grand Hall , stun victorian architecture , barrel - vault roof . neary fan sing , wave irish flag , paint green face . 122 holding area , aisle - olympia grand hall - 9:11 pm 122 . micky &amp ; dicky stop at the top of a long aisle down to the ring , both look out at the scream crowd , 11000 neary fan ... a HBO producer with a headset hold up a hand . micky pop he yellow glove together , white trunk , robe , black trim , " micky Ward spell right , dicky stretch out he back , kick the nervousness out of he leg , " micky Ward " on he white corner jacket . . . sal lonano , the 2nd in the corner , and cutman Al gavin behind they . dicky ( turn to sal , on edge ) where 's he song , sal ? you gotta be good for somethin' . I dunno why you gotta be in the cornah anyways - sal lonano make sure you do not do something ' stupid . . whitesnake 's " here I go again " begin play over the sound system ... dicky why dontchya try singin ' , sal , maybe you can do that - micky ( nod , sing the song quietly to himself ) " now I do not know where I be goin ' but I sure know where I be . " ( CC ) nttnttrt ) ' the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 96 . 122 continued : 122 dicky look at he brother and start quietly sing along with he . . . walk down the aisle together , crowd boo , whistling , scream ... sal lonano and Al gavin follow , whitesnake sing , " and here I go again on my own / goin ' down the only road I have ever know . like a drifter I be bear to walk alone . " 123 ring 123 . micky climb into the ring , dicky help he take off he robe ... light go dark , green spotlight shine , the pogue rollick " the irish Rover " play ... micky &amp ; dicky watch Shea neary make he way down the aisle , black trunk , no robe , green glove , handler behind he hold up the wbu title belt , another wave a big irish flag . .. crowd cheer , dance , sing along ... . dicky cross himself , kiss he finger ... micky see charlene sit ringside in the dark , flash green light , and give she a little wave ... charlene wave back , mouth , " I love you . kick ass ! " Alice and George sit a couple row behind she . neary walk toward the ring , pound himself hard in the face , jaw , forehead with both glove ... 124 ring - olympia grand hall - 9:19 pm 124 . micky and neary stand face - to- face in the middle of the ring , dicky rub he brother 's neck ... neary lean in and press he forehead against micky 's forehead ... referee mickey vann , red shirt , black bow -tie , give the fighter pre-fight instruction . refereee mickey vann ( leed accent ) come out when ya hear the bell , and do not piss about . shake hand , both of ya . . micky reach out to touch glove with neary ... neary will not touch glove , instead , to micky 's surprise , he push he forehead into micky 's . ref separate they , micky again reach to touch glove but neary will not . micky ( walk to dicky in he corner ) - you see that ? I be gonna kick he ass . dicky good . go right at he , staht early for once ! the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 97 . 125 ring , olympia grand hall - 9:20 pm 125 title : rd 1 - 3:00 ( time run down ) . the bell ring . micky and neary meet in the middle of the ring , hear one of the HBO announcer , jim lampley ( the real audio ) , " the big challenge for Ward be to get off to a faster start than be customary for he . micky Ward a notoriously slow starter , Shea nearv a ultra-fast starter . and that 's the question that hover over round one , will Ward be ready for the fight . " neary take it right to micky , whistling shot hammer he body ... bam ! bam ! bam ! micky stand he ground and catch neary with short uppercut ... stand forehead - to - forehead in the middle of the ring . . . micky tap neary on the side of the head , drop down and drill a leave hook into neary 's rib ... bam !... neary grimace , lower he elbow ... 1:47 ( time run down ) ... micky throw another hook -- uppercut--uppercut--hook ... neary fire back , unload wide rights into micky 's body ... bam ! bam ! bam !... micky take the punch and answer . both fighter in close , trading back &amp ; forth , hear HBO 's Larry merchant ( the real audio ) , " forehead - to -forehead . and ecklund I be sorry , Ward 's , -- the right side of Ward be red from the body punch be throw by neary . " hear lampley , " Ward 's come out try to match neary blow for blow ! and now neary start to come on and take the last 30 -. second . nearv fire Ward ! " micky go sprawling into the rope , almost fall out of the ring , only the rope hold he up ! crowd on its foot scream for blood ... charlene , Alice , George all yell for micky . dicky scream , " cover up ! cover up ! " : 20 ( time run down ) ... lampley , " Ward 's still hurt . he 's try to hold on . he eat a uppercut . a fighter cannot be save by the bell in any round " ... neary move in for the kill .. . micky try to hold onto he , hear HBO 's GEORGE foreman ( the real audio ) , " Ward should stay still . his leg be not under he . " . neary attack wildly ... micky 's out on he foot , stumbling drunk . the bell ring . end of rd 1. 126 micky' corner , ring 126 . dicky jump onto the apron , forget the stool ... hear lampley , " Ward be out on he foot . " micky stand unsteady , hear merchant , " they do not have the stool up there fast enough ! " dicky hold up micky , blood from micky 's mouth spilling all over dicky 's shoulder , chest , white corner jacket ... ( CC ) nttnttfm the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 97a . 126 continued : 126 dicky ( to micky ) you get the elvis leg , Mick , jump , c'mon , micky , jump with I , we gotta get ya leg back , jump with I - ( cnnttnt7fd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 98. 126 continued : ( 2 ) 126 charlene ( scream at sal ) give he the stool ! where 's the stool ! dicky shut up ! get outta here ! charlene he need to sit ! dicky ( to micky ) jump with I ! ( cnnttnttrt ) ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 99 . 126 continued : ( 3 ) 126 micky jump with dicky ... two brother lumping , jump like little kid .. . referee mickey vann motion micky back into the center of the ring ... dicky ( lean close into he brother before he go , talking fast ) go aftah ' im so he do not think ya hurt , Mick , stay off the fuckin' rope ! . dicky head out of the ring ... cross himself , kiss he finger and climb out through the rope , he brother 's blood all over he . 127 ring , olympia grand hall - 9:24 pm 127 title : rd 2 - 3:00 ( time run down ) . neary come out of he corner ready to put micky away ... crowd still stand scream for blood . he get micky right back on the rope . dicky go aftah 'im ! get off the rope ! micky throw a right , go right after neary . neary catch off -guard , step back , let micky off the rope . micky keep throw , leg still unsteady . neary flick out a jab , keep he distace . Foreman , " I think neary 's make a big , big mistake . he 's allow micky to recover . he know micky 's a veteran who 's be hurt before , know what to do when he 's hurt . but he do not know if he 's still hurt or not . " . micky waking back up , get he leg back under he , hit neary with a leave to the body -- Left uppercut ... neary answer , landing a leave hook to micky 's chin -- Left hook -- Left hook . ( rnnttnttrd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 100 . 127 continued : 127 lampley , " and now neary come back again , and now Ward ! " micky answer with a short right -- uppercut ... bam ! bam !... hear merchant , " this be not entertainment . this be not business . this be fight ! " CUT to : 128 micky' corner , ring - between 2 nd &amp ; 3rd rds - 9:28 pm 128 . micky take deep breath , Al gavin in the ring work on a two -inch gouge under micky 's leave eye , dicky lean through the rope , pour water in micky 's bloody mouth . dicky ( inch from he face , just the two of they ) do not take unnecessary punishment , you be not a punchin ' bag , do not let he abuse you ! you hear I ? we be waitin ' we whole life for this ! it 's all be lead up to right now , micky ! this be you time , micky ! I blow it , but you do not have to . take all ya emotion and pain from I all we do and use it out there right now . do not let them take it away from you , micky ! do you hear I ? micky look at he brother , nod , turn spit out blood and water . dicky take micky' neck in he hand as he put he forehead to micky' ; they close there eye a moment ; bell ring for the next round . micky stand , turn to charlene sit ringside ; dicky put the mouth piece into micky 's mouth . she 's on she foot stare at she man . Alice and George on they foot , stare as well . 129 ring , olympia grand hall 129 title : rd 3 - 3:00 ( time run down ) . micky stand up and cross himself , cut , bruise , swollen face .. . see neary stand across the ring ... dicky start bounce on he toe ringside , look up at he brother in the ring . micky start bounce on he toe .. . walk toward neary ... CUT to : 2:28 ( time run down ) . .. micky and neary toe - to - toe trading punch , neither back down , hear Larry merchant , " they be try to hurt each other with every punch . this be a test now of will . " neary swing hard hit micky 's temple with a big right ... bam !... micky 's hurt , leg dance about ! lampley , " Ward wobble there by a right cross from neary ! ( c.onttnttf . and the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 100a . 129 continued : 129 neary go to the body and to the uppercut as he try to finish micky ! " a130 int . alice' live room - day a130 the sister watch the fight on television , tense , chat about it . ( conttnttfd ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 101 . a130 continued : a130 . crowd stand , scream ... charlene and Alice can not watch ... neary back micky up against the rope , hit he with everything he 's get , pound hard right after hard right ... bam ! bam ! bam ! merchant , " vicious body shot from neary ! " ... bam ! bam ! bam ! bam !... micky cover he face with he glove , bleed from he mouth , under he eye .. .hear merchant , " and micky Ward be in trouble again ! " . dicky 's on he foot ringside , lean on the ring apron , mirrore micky in the ring ... cover he face with he hand , bob he head .. . start punch , scream , " punch ya way out of it . punch out of it ! " . micky start fire at neary , hear lampley , " Ward try to trade he way back ! " ... neary step back ... micky slip off the rope and raise he hand over he head , let neary know he survive . . . and fire a leave hook -- right uppercut ! lampley , " and Ward hurt neary with a body shot ! Ward hurt he again with that leave to the body ! neary be wobble ! " micky rock neary with another leave hook to the body ... bam ! micky follow with a huge leave uppercut ... bam ! neary stumble backwards and go crash down to the canvas ! hear lampley scream , " Big uppercut by Ward ! first time in 22 fight that Shea neary have be down ! " neary get back up to he foot at " four ... " referee mickey vann give he the stand eight - count , " six ... Seven ... eight . " . dicky shaking he fist , scream micky on , " this be it ! this be it ! this be it ! " . micky walk back in and unleash a huge leave hook -- Left hook -- right uppercut -- Left hook . neary backpedal . right uppercut . neary try to cover up . another leave uppercut send neary reeling across the ring ! sprawl out of control , landing with he head crashing down in micky 's corner ! dicky raise he hand over he head , white corner jacket stain with micky 's blood ... . charlene , Alice , George all on she foot scream , crowd now cheer for micky ... lampley , " neary down for the second time ! mickey vann 's gonna stop it ! " ... the referee wave it 's over , it 's over , hear merchant , " he 's do it ! micky Ward 's do it ! " CUT to : sister explode to cheer watching at home . . micky throw he hand in the air , blood drip down he face ... he can not believe it ... he can not believe it ... he can not believe it ... he scream with joy . . . dicky jump up into the ring , run to he brother ... charlene ... Alice ... George all scream with joy outside the ring ... ( c_fnttntt1 for ) the fighter 8/28/09 GREEN draft 102 . a130 continued : ( 2 ) a130 micky ( look down and hug he brother 's head between he glove , laugh ) dickyeeee ! dicky ( hold micky up off the ground , look up at he .. . tear in he eye ) ohmygahd , micky , you be the world champion ! you be champion a the whole world ! . dicky hold he brother up in he arm ... micky raise he fist above he head ... the two brother together in the middle of the crowded ring ... freeze frame on micky in the AIR held aloft by dicky . credit start . then text : ' micky Ward go on to three epic fight with arturo gatti . bring micky he first seven- figure payday . he retire in 2003 . " unfreeze : dicky turn as he hold micky and now we see dicky 's face , scrunch against micky 's hip as he hold he aloft . freeze frame on dicky : " dicky life with Alice and Little dicky a few block away from micky , and train fighter in lowell . free from crack , he battle he addiction every day . ' unfreeze : Alice step into the ring , beaming , follow by George . alice both my boy be champion , micky you be a champion ! I love you ! she touch micky 's hair and neck , loving eye contact with he , when micky be pull toward charlene , who grab he face and kiss he deeply , leave Alice to turn and lovingly fix the collar of dicky 's cornerman jacket . freeze on micky charlene kiss : ' micky marry charlene in 2005 . they live in lowell with he daughter kasie in the house he buy with the money he make from the neary fight . credit continue . CUT to : 130 lowell man on the STREET documentary interview . 130 credit continue over real interview with real lowell ; follow by the sister . micky &amp ; dicky be champion of the world . . . the dream be alive in lowell ...