the Young Victoria by Julian fellow shoot script ~ 17th June , 2007 blue revision - 14th July , 2007 pink revision - 8th August , 2007 initial entertainment Group 3000 West Olympic Blvd. , ste 1550 Santa monica , CA 90404 tel : 310.315.1722 1a 1b 1c 1d 1e the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 1 montage . int . victoria's dressing room . buckingham . day . 1 female finger be fasten hook , tightening lace ... we be behind a young woman who raise she arm in slow motion , to allow she may , Watson , to dress she . victoria ( v.0 . ) I do not now remember when I first know I be different . montage . ext . kensington garden . day . flashback . 1a a little girl 's foot walk on a gravel path beside a woman 's heavy skirt . from behind , the child hold the hand of a governess . a couple pass . they see she and stop . the man bow , remove he top hat . the woman curtsey . we see the young face , accept this deference from stranger . victoria ( v.0 . ) or rather , that my life belong to other , besides myself . montage . ext . entrance court . buckingham palace . day . 1b a young man 's face be in motionless profile . we pull focus to reveal a whole line of cold stream guard , all completely still , all look straight ahead . montage . int . victoria's dressing room . buckingham . day . 1c the red robe of State be laid out on a chair . a dog have curl up on the velvet train . Watson wave it away with a tiny shoe . montage . ext . entrance court . buckingham palace . day . id the door of a gild carriage be open and glove hand unroll its step , down towards the ground . a man 's stockinge leg and buckle shoe appear to stabilize they . a small , silk - encase foot be place on the bottom step . montage . int . duchess 's drawing room . kensington palace . day . 1e a child 's finger trace a genealogical chart , show King George III and Queen Charlotte . it find they son , George iv , '' die 1830 , '' whose daughter , Charlotte , be also dead . ( continued ) 1e if 1g 10 1i the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 2 continued : 1e victoria ( v.o. ) I must have be about eleven , or thereabout , when they leave a book open on the nursery table . the finger move across to the childless Duke of York , '' die 1803 . '' next , King William iv , and he two dead daughter . on to the dead Duke of Kent , he widow and , finally , he daughter Victoria , '' bear 1819 . '' victoria ( v.0 . ) the first four son of King George III could boast only one live child ... and that be I . the tiny finger hesitates , poise over the name . victoria ( v.0 . ) and so I learn that I be nearer to the Crown than I have think ... a young girl , with ringlet and a simple dress , be look at the book . shadowy figure hover behind . a governess in black , a woman in brilliant colour with a elaborate hair style , and a sharply dress man . they study the child 's reaction . she run away . victoria ( v.o. ) and I know then why I must trace a path ordain by other . montage . int . victoria 's bedroom . kensington palace . night . 1f a tearful Victoria be alone in she room , lie on she bed . a silhouette be in the doorway . she turn she back on she mother . deleted 1s deleted 1h montage . int . westminster abbey . day . li the magnificent ceiling of the Abbey . a woman 's head enter frame out of focus . victoria ( v.0 . ) they would all bear witness on that sacred morning . ( continued ) Li the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page .3 continued : li 28th June 1838 blurr face watch as a young woman process down the aisle . they crane forward to catch a glimpse . in the high stand , some face come into focus . victoria ( v.o. ) from my past ... the governess , lehzen , in a modest box of the Queen 's friend , glow with pride . victoria ( v.0 . ) my present ... Wellington look on from among the duke . peel be with the politician . the duchess of sutherland hover . behind the throne , among the lady . victoria ( v.0 . ) and my future ... among the visit prince , all resplendent , stand a youthful and wonderfully handsome Albert . victoria ( v.0 . ) in truth , I be glad to have they near I at that all - change moment . a young girl 's forehead be anoint with oil . a hand fasten a elaborate buckle . the fold of a heavy , fur-trimmed , golden robe be be arrange around the central figure . a man 's hand lay the golden sceptre with its Cross in she right hand . victoria ( v.0 . ) for even with the knowledge ... the same hand bring the Rod of equity and lay it in the same young woman 's leave hand . victoria ( v.0 . ) that I be heiress to the throne , the older , male hand now take hold of the ermine rim of the new crown we have see be create . : victoria ( v.0 . ) before that day of day , I can not pretend ... we view be loosen . we be behind the great gothic chair . the bare -headed archbishop approach . ( continued ) li : the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 4 continued : ( 2 ) li he lift the Crown and with a clearly enunciate prayer , he set it down on the head of the chair 's occupant . it fit perfectly . victoria ( v-o . ) T understand the phrase 's full significance . we cut to a spectacular wide shot . the whole of westminster Abbey be laid out before we in dazzle magnificence , with gallery after gallery , tier upon tier , pack with government , Court and aristocracy , all stand , all exultant . the bank of peer , gorgeous in red velvet and ermine , put on they own coronet while the peeress , in separate stand , reach up to place they coronet among they head - dress of feather and diamond . they long , white glove raise in unison , back by the colour of the costume , make they arm seem like a thousand swan in flight . the whole effect be more thrill , more exciting , more glamorous , than can almost be imagine . at last , and for the first time , we see the face of the new Queen of England . she be eighteen , soft , innocent and almost childlike , a poignant contrast to the glitter diadem on she head , proclaim century of tradition . the title appear : the Young Victoria as it disappear , Victoria turn she head to look at someone : a smile Melbourne be in the viscount 's stand . the premier mouth '' perfect '' . as serious as the new Queen try to be , she can not refrain from the faintest trace of a smile . now , we pull focus . in the background , in a gallery define as Royal by the coat of arm upon it , we see a handsome , middle age woman , deeply move by the event she witness . this be the duchess of Kent . as we close in on she and see the very real emotion in she eye , a new voice be hear . duchess of kent ( v.oc . ) you be sure ? that we be do the right thing ? int . victoria's bedroom . kensington palace . night . 2 we pull back from the same face , and find that the duchess , herself , be speak . duchess of kent perhaps we should leave it ? maybe tomorrow she will be less tired . ( continued ) phe Young Victoria , pink revision , 6th aug , 2007 . page .5 continued : 2 no longer in she coronation robe , she look like a pretty , paint doll , she hair dress in the exuberant , extravagant fashion of the 1830s . a title appear ... one year earlier conroy we have wait long enough ! for the last time , you will sign this order . Sir John conroy , the duchess 's Controller , handsome , vain and arrogant , throw a cold look at the duchess . stride past a canopy four poster , he.comes to a smaller bed where Victoria lie , flushed with fever , barely awake . he put in front of she , a paper on a board and , with it , a pen . victoria I will not sign it . conroy I say you will ! he push the pen into she hand , hold it over the paper . victoria and I say I will not ! with a supreme effort , she pull she hand free and fling the pen to the floor , push paper and board after it , as she collapse onto the pillow . his anger burst as he pounce on it with a roar , lift he hand to strike she - lehzen Sir John . baroness lehzen , Victoria 's governess , stand , immobile , in the doorway . she be a dour figure next to the weak bird of paradise that be Victoria 's mother . duchess of kent ah , baroness , Sir John be just ... she tail away . how can she justify the scene ? lehzen it 's time for the princess 's medicine . duchess of kent of course . shall I ...? lehzen I will do it . ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page .6 continued : ( 2 ) 2 she remain stock still , in possession of the room . for a moment the other stare at she . then the duchess weaken . duchess of kent well , if you be sure ... good night , mein liebling . victoria good night , mama . as she speak , Victoria eye she mother coldly . point up the irony of this relationship be a nearby portrait of the duchess with she baby daughter . thing have clearly change . the duchess glance nervously at conroy and , after a moment of angry indecision , he pick up the discard pen and the paper . the duchess leave . she pass lehzen , who sink low into a court curtsey . stand , she turn she face away as conroy march out . ext . the garden of laeken palace . belgium . day . 3 fhe Royal Palace , Brussels . in a sumptuous set , two man walk together , one proud and splendid , King Leopold of the belgian , the other wizen and dress in black , Baron stockmar . they be trail by equerry . leopold my sister say she will not sign the order for a Regency . stockmar be not surprised . Leopold wait for a explanation . stockmar why would she sign it ? the princess be nearly eighteen . why would she sign away she own power ? leopold because she 's a ignorant baby ! because she need guidance and time , to prepare for she role as Queen ! and until she 's ready , my sister will take she place as Regent ! the last be add lamely , which stockmar almost reprimand . stockmar Sir John conroy would be Regent . unfortunately , the duchess be control by she Controller . this may be true , but Leopold be explode with frustration . ( continued ) 3 4 continued : the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 , leopold nevertheless , I will not be cheat of all I have work for , because of a stubborn child ! stockmar give he a second to simmer down . stockmar conroy have overnplay he hand . the princess detest he . and the duchess have also forfeit she daughter 's good will . leopold accord to you spy . do Victoria know she governess be write to you ? stockmar baroness lehzen have a wide correspondence . leopold so ? what be you suggest ? stockmar when the princess succeed to the throne , she will turn away from anyone who 's help she enemy . it may be in you majesty 's interest to consider abandon conroy and you sister before it 's too late , and instead support the future Queen . Leopold look at he . reluctantly , he give a slight nod . stockmar of course the duchess will not like it . leopold Baron , I be bear the young son of a penniless duke . now , I be King of the belgian . such journey be not manage without hard decision . besides , the cast of we play be not yet complete . and who control a young girl most ? a light dawns in stockmar 's eye . deleted . page . 7 5 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . ext . garden . rosenau castle . coburg . germany . day . two young man be practise archery . the elder turn and wave . Baron stockmar be on he way to join they . he bow . stockmar Prince Ernest . good day to you . ernest Baron . when do you arrive ? my uncle be well , I hope ? stockmar the King be very well . but busy . ernest what bring you here ? Business of he ? stockmar his and ... Prince Albert 's . page . 8 Ernest look at he brother , who release a arrow which thud into the target . this be his serene highness , Prince Albert of saxe - coburg - gotha and he be as handsome as the dawn . int . staircase hall . kensington palace . london . day . 6 Victoria and lehzen be on the landing . the governess hold out she hand and , with a slight sigh , the girl take it . they descend together to where a footman wait in the hall below . victoria where be the duchess ? footman in the draw room , you Royal highness . Victoria go towards a door , followéd by she spaniel , dash . the footman glance after she . lehzen keep you eye to yourself . naturally , she be quite different with the servant . int . duchess ’'s drawing room . kensington palace . day . the duchess , conroy and another woman , Lady flora hastings , be poring over a map on the central table . ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page .9 continued : 7 conroy we will spend two night at norris Castle , one for the local gentry , one for the town official , then sail up the coast — he look up . Victoria have enter the room with she dog . dash go immediately to conroy . at least the dog like he . Victoria curtsey to she mother . duchess of kent how do you come downstairs ? victoria I walk . duchess of kent not alone ? victoria no . not alone . lehzen be with I . duchess of kent and she hold you hand ? victoria she do . though why she still have to - conroy she have to because 's not everyone in England wish you well . Victoria roll she eye . if only conroy would not stroke dash . victoria I hope we be not plan another journey ? lady flora Sir John say ~ victoria thank you , Lady flora , but I be ask my mother . oh . so this two be enemy . conroy take over . conroy as much as possible , we want the people to know they new Queen . victoria but why can not we wait ' till I be Queen ? his majesty clearly say - ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , @th aug , 2007 . page . 10 7 continued : ( 2 ) 7 at this , Lady flora smirk at conroy . Victoria notice . conroy the King be jealous of you popularity and that 's why he do not approve of you travel . it 's no reason to give they up . victoria on the contrary , it 's a very good reason . I do not wish to annoy my uncle . conroy the King be old . victoria he may be old , Sir John , but he 's not dead yet . | Sir John eye Victoria coldly . 8 int . king private room . windsor castle . day . 8 the white head of King William iv be shaking with anger as he shout at he Prime Minister . this be Lord Melbourne , a handsome , witty , beguile man in middle age . Queen adelaide be with they . king william be there no limit to this woman 's disobedience ? melbourne the duchess want the princess to know more of the country . king william the duchess want the country to know more of the princess ! melbourne be it such a bad thing , Sir ? king william to make she familiar , you mean ? a popular girl who support you ministry ? you would defend it ! queen adelatde I do not think Lord Melbourne - ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , &th aug , 2007 . page . Li 8 continued : king william you see how conroy present she ? the young liberal in contrast to the old conservative ? she be change and the thrill of the new , but I be stick in - the mud of history . she be hope and the future , while I be despair and the past . she be life , Lord Melbourne , and I be death ! he storm away for a moment . the Queen catch Melbourne 's eye and shake she head gently . she stand and walk over . queen adelaide there 's nothing to be gain by shouting at the Prime Minister . king william nonsense . I feel much better . queen adelatde and none of it be Victoria 's fault . king william maybe not . but she and she mother be tool in the hand of a man who know how to use they . Mark my word . the reign of King conroy be come . queen adelaide my poor sister in law . what be the hold that wick man . have over she ? the question be rhetorical but the two man catch each other 's eye and say nothing . melbourne what about she uncle in Brussels ? could he help ? king william King Leopold be as slippery as a barrel full of eel . if he do dislodge conroy , it have only be to tighten he own grip on the girl . he sigh and shake he head . Melbourne be very smooth . melbourne King Leopold overestimate she power . as a constitutional monarch , she cannot pass law , to help or hinder he . ( continued ) 8 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th bug , 2007 . page . 12 continued : ( 2 ) 8 king william wo . we can not make law . but we can influence the man who do , that 's what he 's after ! and so be you ! do not tell I you be not ! melbourne it be a Prime Minister 's duty to keep the monarch inform of parliament 's intention . the sleekness with which he say this , reveal he plan . king william Lord in you mercy , get I past May ! that * way she will be of age and we will have kill off the Regency at least ! melbourne and what of the propose journey ? might there not be some benefit in show she to the people ? before conroy have a chance to usurp she place ? the King hesitates . Melbourne have a good point . as usual . king william oh , very well . let England get a sight of she future Queen . but I '1l have no broadside ! no cannon and gun in salute . I be still the monarch here ! his face be as red as he hair be white . ext . the english coast . day . 9 a fusillade of cannon blast into the air , smoke pour from they mouth . on a raise and decorate platform , with the sparkling sea behind , Victoria receive the freedom of a seaside town from a lecal Mayor . a modest crowd watch they . the Mayor bow and retreat , and Victoria step back to where she mother , conroy , flora and lehzen be wait . conroy curtsey to they . victoria I have already curtsied . conroy then curtsey again . ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 13 9 continued : 9 with a smile , she give a slight curtsey and be cheer . victoria that 's enough . conroy I will decide when it 's enough . but Victoria ignore he , look around . * duchess of kent Victoria ! will you listen to Sir John ! * victoria mama , I be not run for election . I will be Queen not Prime Minister . with a last nod , she turn and start to descend the step on the way to a wait carriage . the other follow but , at the base of the step , conroy catch at lehzen 's arm . conroy I warn you . if you be she friend , do not set she against I . the baroness do not answer but just look at he . conroy you want to keep she for yourself but she need I . if she try to walk alone , she will stumble in a month and fall within a year . for she own sake , do not encourage she rebellion . lehzen I hope I encourage the princess in all thing , Sir John . she nod towards the crowd behind they . lehzen like it or not , they be cheer she , you know . not you . she descend the last step towards the carriage and Victoria . 9a int . carriage by english coast . day . 9a lose in she thought , Victoria be look at the sparkling sea . stockmar ( v.0 . ) * England be the key to peace in Europe . * 10 @he Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . int . albertn room . rosenau castle . coburg . germany . day . Close on a map of Europe . stockmar be put Albert through he pace . relentlessly . stockmar you uncle 's throne be six year old and bear of Civil War . he only take the Crown of Belgium because England pledge she support . if he 's to survive , he must have English force at he disposal . stockmar throw a engrave of princess Victoria on the map . stockmar ( v.0o . ) favourite novel ? Albert take a moment to switch he focus to the girl . albert err ... ( he start to answer in german ) . stockmar English ! always English . Albert nod . this be a tough discipline , but he will accept it . albert she have not read many novel . they be forbidden until last year . stockmar but she do like ? albert the bride of lammermoor . stockmar by ? albert Sir walter Scott . stockmar other recreation ? albert drawing . the famous doll , of course . piano . Music , generally . though it 's hard to believe she know so little schubert . ( continued ) 10 al continued : the Young Victoria , pink revision , &th aug , 2007 . page . 15 10 stockmar never mind schubert . she like modern composer . be she permit the theatre ? albert only the opera and ballet . stockmar where she admire ? albert the soprano , giulia grisi and the dancer , Maria taglioni . stockmar and among the man ? albert her teacher , the bass baritone , luigi lablache . she call he '' Le papa de tous . '' stockmar why ? albert lablache say that mozart be the father of all music . the phrase have become she nickname for he . stockmar be almost impressed . he nod . stockmar which opera do she like best ? albert Norma ? stockmar strike the table sharply , with impatience . stockmar I puritani . her favourite opera be Bellini 's puritani . how many time ? Albert sigh with resignation and resume he study as a song from puritani explode , full volume . int . covent garden opera house . night . 11 we be watch the opera from Victoria 's point of view . seat in the Royal box on the main tier , she be completely absorb . ( continued ) 11 12 13 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 16 continued : il as we dolly in on she face , we pull focus behind she to reveal she three gaoler , the duchess , conroy and Lady flora . a half secret glance pass between conroy and flora , but Victoria 's mother be more interested in the audience . in crowded box on the same tier , we see peel , Melbourne , Wellington and the duchess of sutherland . * they in turn watch the princess , not the stage . lady flora ( v.0 . ) hurry , scurry , to the little princess . deleted . 12 int . gallery . kensington palace . night . 13 Bellini 's music continue . lehzen carry some hot milk on a tray , pass Lady flora , still in evening dress from the opera . lehzen yes . that 's just what I x11 do . Lady flora walk on . then she stop . lady flora do not be too smug . he could save she from a lot of grief if she have let he . . lehzen this be get cold . lady flora you be no better . in fact you be worse . you covet the same thing but at least he admit it . lehzen please do not judge I by you own standard , Lady flora . or by that of Sir John conroy . the word disgust she . Lady flora shake she head . lady flora you have taste power , baroness , and when she 's queen it will taste much sweeter . you will see . but lehzen have already walk on . 14 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 17 int . victoria's bedroom . kensington palace . night . 14 on the last note of Bellini 's opera , a simple dutch doll in a young girl 's hand , fill the screen ... Victoria be have fun with she doll , pretend to sing . the music end . Victoria be on she cot . nearby , the huge bed of she mother have be turn down for the night . the doll be replace among other , similar doll , all gorgeously array , on a table by she bed . lehzen ( 0.8 . ) miss agatha will not stand up straight ? Victoria look up . lehzen stand , motionless , in the doorway . the candle on she tray and a oil lamp on a table throw odd shadow on she face and round the cluttere room . victoria then she must go to the back as a punishment . lehzen walk into the room , exchange a smile with Victoria . she pour the milk and hand it to the princess . the girl smile she thanks and sip it for a moment . lehzen I meet Lady flora in the gallery . victoria lying in wait , no doubt . lehzen she 's get worse . so be Sir John . lehzen tidy the bed clothes briskly . victoria of course . in a few month I 'il be eighteen . if I do not go mad first ... all I ever seem to do be change my clothes and pray for freedom . she glance at the double portrait on the wall of herself as a baby , with the duchess . she turn away to avoid look at it . lehzen it 's only until you birthday . and do not forget who champion you from the start . they be interrupt by the arrival of the duchess and she may . she stop at the sight of lehzen . ( continued ) 14 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 18 continued : 14 lehzen I will say good night , ma’am . she curtsy and leave . the duchess eye she daughter . duchess of kent you two be so close . anyone would think you be plotting treason . do not fuss I ! she snap at she may who unfasten the glitter outer layer . here be the deconstruction of a Royal icon . the truth behind the image . she enter as her Royal highness the duchess of Kent , in silk , lace and diamond , she hair dress with feather and pearl . we will leave she as a middle - age woman , ready for bed . as she talk , the skirt come away , then the embroider bodice , leave corset and layer upon layer of petticoat . she put on a gown to sit at the dress table while the may dismantle the high - pile hair , remove the false switch , brush it out . duchess of kent you still do not look well . maybe we should go away for August . victoria no , mama . duchess of kent what do you mean no ? victoria we miss the Queen 's birthday . we will not miss the King 's . we have accept . we be go . duchess of kent really , Victoria , do not issue order to I ! I be not a servant . victoria you have already disobey about the extra room . that 's enough . duchess of kent do not be absurd ! be we to live like rabbit , cramme in a hutch ? of course I '' disobey '' ! : victoria we do live in a palace , mama . we be a lot better off than most people . ( continued ) 14 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . continued : ( 2 ) duchess of kent we live in a apartment in a palace which be far too small for we need . the room I take be empty . keeping we out of they be ... almost immoral . as Sir John say - but at the mention of conroy 's name , Victoria lie back . duchess of kent my dearest child , Sir John only want the best for you . I wish you would believe that . victoria I be sure you do . page . 19 the duchess give a sharp look but , glance at the may , she do not reply , study she face in the mirror . duchess of kent I have invite the coburg brother to come and stay . you ought to know they better . victoria why ? duchess of kent well ... because you should . you uncle Leopold think - victoria I know he would have a part in it . duchess of kent really Victoria , there 's no pleasing you . you complain you have no friend but when I find you some companion of a suitable rank , you look as if I would force you to take medicine . Victoria just stare at she for a moment . victoria mama , why do you treat I like a simpleton ? be it my fault ? be I unusually stupid as a child ? there be a quality in she that almost frighten the mother . she stare back , then take it out on the luckless may . ( continued } 14 15 16 17 phe Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page .20 continued : ( 3 ) 14 duchess of kent te you stick one more pin in I , I swear I shall cail the guard . int . upstair passage . kensington palace . day . 15 through the window , we see a carriage arrive . a footman jump down , and the two coburg prince climb out . conroy receive they . * Victoria be watch . * deleted . 16 * * ext . kensington garden . day . 17 conroy and Lady flora hover at the rear . Ernest walk with the duchess . she ignore he , look ahead at Victoria who be with Albert . the duchess , glimpse behind the young couple throughout the scene , convey a powerful sense of Victoria 's incarceration . albert of the modern composer , I suppose vincenzo Bellini be my favourite . victoria what a coincidence . so be mine . which of he opera do you enjoy most ? no , wait , let I guess . I puritani ? albert as a matter of fact , yes . victoria I use to like it , too . but now I prefer Norma . she 's aware of what he be up to and have deliberately catch he out . she take a ball from she pocket and throw it . victoria dash ! fetch ! oh , fetch it , you silly dog ! Albert pick up the ball , dance along beside the dog , teasing it with the ball just out of reach . but when he look at Victoria , she be not laugh , just watch . he give the ball back to Victoria . they glove hand touch . she pull away . albert have I offended you in some way ? ( continued ) 17 18 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 21 continued : 17 victoria no . she continue for a few pace . Albert do not know what to say next . then , suddenly , he decide to speak from he heart . albert and schubert . I like schubert . I think perhaps you do not , but ... I do . she look at he . she understand that this be true , and not prompt . she decide to reward he for he honesty . victoria I do not mind schubert . Albert hesitates . he be pleased but he have surprised himself . albert good . he be very vulnerable . in fact , he have score a point , which we know . but he do not . after a second , Victoria smile . int . duchess 's drawing room . kensington palace . night . 18 Albert and Victoria play chess , again watch by the other who sit round the room . it be Albert 's turn . he study the board . she study he . conroy notice , but she give he a cold look when they eye meet , then lower she voice . victoria do you ever feel like a chess piece , yourself ? in a game be play against you will ? albert do you ? victoria constantly . I see they lean in and move I round the board . albert the duchess and Sir John ? victoria not just they . uncle Leopold . the King . I be sure half the politician be ready to seize hold of my skirt and drag I this way and that , from square to square . ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page.22 18 continued : 18 albert then you have better master the rule of the game . until you play it better than they can . perhaps to she surprise , she like this and smile at he . victoria you do not recommend I find a husband to play it for I ? albert I should find one to play it with you , not for you . : she nod . but the urge to tease be never far away . victoria why do not we ring for some music and then we could dance ? we can read panic in Albert 's eye . Victoria enjoy it . victoria I have lately discover the waltz and I be quite in love with it . Albert look to the duchess . they have be catch out . albert waltze be not really my forte . victoria oh dear . what a shame . Victoria give Albert a provocative glance . in spite of herself , she do like he . she lower she voice . victoria you know the King want I to marry my cousin George ? Albert , study the board , do not rise to the bait . albert . what 's he like at chess ? 19 int . statrcase . kensington palace . night . 19 lehzen wait by the stair as Victoria leave the draw room . after a moment , Albert appear , close the door . ( continued ) 19 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page .23 continued : 19 albert Victoria . she stop , feel lehzen 's irritation . victoria it 's all right , lehzen . Albert can take I up . you will have to hold my hand . mama insist . I hope you do not mind . albert not in the least . the baroness hesitates then , defeat , go on up . victoria what do you want to say ? albert only that I understand more than you think . of what you life be . victoria do you ? albert my childhood be not easy , either ... I lose my mother when I be a boy . victoria I know . she die . albert no . that be , she do die . eventually . but she be send away long before that . this do interest she . much more than she expect . albert there be some ... difficulty ... it be all hushed up and no one talk of it now . but TI know what it be to live alone in you head . to smile when people be guess you thought and never to give a clue of you real feeling . she appreciate he honesty . this be also she experience . victorta then you be right . we do understand each other . do uncle Leopold ask you to tell I that ? ( continued ) 19 20 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page .24 continued : ( 2 ) 19 albert he say I be never to mention it . victoria how little he know I . she turn towards the stair , hold out she hand and he take it as he summon he courage to speak . albert May I write to you ? she look at he and without a word start upstairs . he climb with she , wait for she to speak . but the answer , when it come , be only a smile . it be more than enough . on the landing , they stop . she look at she hand , wait for he to release it . he do , after kissing it in homage . then she walk off down the passage , stop once to look back . the fact be , he 's perfect . int . victoria's bedroom . kensington palace . night . 20 lehzen be wait as Victoria walk in ... a little out of breath with a smile on she face . she sign to she may , Watson , to undress she as quickly as possible . watson I expect you ' 1l miss . the prince when they be go , ma'am . lehzen do not be impertinent . Ip Victoria wink at Watson as she be release from she stay . victoria the untold luxury of be able to breathe again . Watson gather up the discard clothes and leave . lehzen that boy pester you . victoria give I some credit . you do not think I have come this far to walk straight into another gaol ? lehzen you must marry one day . ( continued ) 20 be 22 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . continued : victoria I do not see why . and if I do , I will please myself , not uncle Leopold or the King or mama or anyone else . trust I . page . 25 20 Victoria take a deep breath , then , dress in a shift and hold a imaginary partner , she start to waltz . what do she dream of as she whirl round ? whatever it be , she 's more aware of what go on than lehzen credit . int . duchess' drawing room . kensington palace . night . Albert come back in , to find Ernest , read . ernest they have go to bed . they say goodnight . listen to this . right now , it take a day er more to cross England in a coach . by train , the same journey will be achieve in three hour . be not that amazing ? train will change everything . but there be no answer from Albert . ernest be you listen ? no , he 's daydream . a waltz start to play . int . music room . rosenau castle . coburg . germany . day . the smile profile of a Dancing master in Close up . he be 21 22 waltzing . as the camera slowly pull back , we discover he 's dance with Albert , who feel ridiculous . dancing master and one two three , one two three and face the window , face the wall , face the window , face the -— but Albert be lag behind . the master stop exasperate . dancing master you serene highness must learn to turn as you go . albert must I ? ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page.26 22 continued : 22 stockmar ( v.o. ) yes . you must . stockmar be watch . he be pitiless . silently , Albert take the master 's hand and waist . the music resume . dancing master and one two three , one two three -— 23 ext . entrance court . kensington palace . day . 23 the waltz still play through this scene . by the carriage , Watson and the duchess 's may wait with a footman , as Victoria , she mother , Lady flora and conroy emerge . lehzen follow they . conroy be on you guard . victoria we be go to Windsor for my uncle 's birthday party . conroy in the castle of the enemy . victoria you enemy , Sir John . not mine . the girl climb in . he turn to the mother . conroy agree to nothing . duchess of kent what should I say about the room ? conroy you need more space . appeal to the Queen . it 's ridiculous . duchess of kent should I cultivate Melbourne ? conroy smile on any politician you find there . duchess of kent I wish you ' be come with we . ( continued ) 23 24 25 26 26a the Young Victoria , pink revision , &th aug , 2007 . page .27 continued : 23 he do not answer but squeeze she hand as he help she in , follow by Lady flora . he step back , catch sight of the governess watch he . conroy you be very intent , baroness . be you make a study of I ? lehzen someone should . she get into the carriage as the footman and the may climb up behind . the coachman yell at the horse . the carriage move off . int . music room . rosenau castle . coburg . germany . night . - 24 * the waltz play on , as we see Albert , still practise he step . stockmar be with he . he have a pile of engravings on a table which he hold up to illustrate every question . stockmar the present Prime Minister ? Albert glance over at the engrave as he twirl past . albert Melbourne . stockmar Lord Melbourne . the liberal leader of the whig Party . who will probably be in power when the princess succeed . as he speak , we cut to : deleted 25 ext . entrance gate . windsor castle . evening . 26 * Melbourne 's coach outside be in a torch - light queue . he pass the * crowd outside , and enter the gate . . * ext . entrance court . windsor castle . evening . 260a Inside the entrance court , coachman deposit they brilliant cargo * and then drive off . Melbourne get out of the coach . ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , @th aug , 2007 . page . 28 26a continued : 26a 26b 26c 27 stockmar ( v.o. ) he may be troublesome . albert ( v.0 . ) why ? stockmar ( v.o. ) because he put the interest of England above that of Europe . albert ( v.o. ) which be bad ? stockmar ( v.o. ) it 's not useful to we . he would not spill one drop of british blood to save a foreign throne . Melbourne walk into the castle . int . music room . rosenau castle . coburg . germany . night . 26b * Albert seem perplex . albert but why would he want to sdve a foreign throne if it be not in England 's interest ? stockmar stare at Albert . it be a intelligent comment . but ... stockmar that be just the kind of think you uncle Leopold be afraid of . ext . entrance gate . windsor castle . evening . 26c * outside the gate , a coach pass quite close to the spectator . it * contain Victoria , the duchess and Lady flora hastings . stockmar ( v.o. ) which be why he 's content to find he niece be the future Queen of England . among the crowd be a young londoner , Edward Oxford . * int . grand reception room . windsor castle . evening . 27 a magnificent room , a magnificent company , monarchy at its best . candlelight flicker on tiaras and gem . the King and Queen receive they guest . the Lord Chamberlain 's voice ring out . * ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , @th aug , 2007 . page . 29 27 continued : 27 lord chamberlain * the Duke of Wellington . the familiar figure with he Roman nose stride in . we hear the continue instruction of stockmar . stockmar ( v.o. ) in the public mind , the leader of the Conservative opposition be they pet hero and napoleon 's conqueror , the grand old Duke of Wellington . albert ( v.0 . ) } but not in fact . stockmar ( v.o. ) no . the next tory Prime Minister will be Sir Robert peel . his voice be exactly in sync with the Lord Chamberlain 's . * lord chamberlain . * Sir Robert peel . a stiff and formal man enter the room . he advance towards they majesty and bow , then join Wellington . we hear : albert ( v.0 . ) which side do Victoria favour ? stockmar ( v.o. ) the whig . she be a liberal . or so she think . above all , she favour Lord Melbourne . and Melbourne will take full advantage of it . lord chamberlain * the Duke and duchess of sutherland . Beyond Wellington and peel , we glimpse the couple enter . they join Melbourne on the other side of the room . Wellington be gossipe * with peel . wellington you hear conroy try to force she agreement to a regency ? peel raise he eyebrow to signify that he have . ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page.20 27 continued : ( 2 ) 27 peel I gather she would not sign it , sick as she be . that say something for the girl 's spirit . wellington * when she 's healthy and crown , what chance would you give she Prime Minister ? lord chamberlain * her Royal highness the princess Victoria . her Royal highness the duchess of Kent . the Lady flora hastings . the company break apart to make a channel for the woman . across the room , the duchess of sutherland whisper to Melbourne . duchess of sutherland look at that demure little head . and all of we wonder what 's inside it . melbourne we will find out soon enough . 28 int . music room . rosenau castle . coburg . night . 28 % albert. continue at he lesson . stockmar Lord Melbourne will make she fall in love with he . it be he method . albert * do not underestimate Victoria . stockmar do not underestimate Melbourne . the comment be enough to make Albert stop dance ... 29 int . grand reception room . windsor castle . evening . 29 the King raise the curtsey Victoria and kiss she . king willtam my dearest niece . archly , he indicate a spotty and awkward youth nearby . ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , @th aug , 2007 . page . 31 29 continued : 29 king william be not you go to greet you cousin ? victoria good evening , George . it 's clear from she brisk nod that she be not interested . king william how can my little niece and nephew have grow up when I be not look ? Victoria slip she arm through she uncle 's . victoria whereas you be quite unchange and as handsome as ever . he laugh and draw she aside from the crowd . king william if I put my head close to yours and speak softly , they will suspect we of hatching a plot . as he talk , he do exactly this . the company be subdued by they curiosity . Victoria play along . victoria and if I look a little surprised as I listen , they 's 1l know it . this she do , with she hand at she mouth . the company be almost fall forward in they effort to hear . he laugh . king william ah , my dear , I wish we see more of you . but then , nor you nor I be to blame for that . he give a cold stare at the duchess but she look away . further down the room , Wellington and peel whisper softly . wellington what do you make of the conroy business ? the princess hate he . no doubt about it . they look at the duchess , who be talk to the King . peel I suppose they nre lover . ( continued ) 29 30 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page , 32 continued : ( 2 ) 29 wellington I suppose the girl think they be , which be more to the point . across the room , the King 's voice be suddenly raise . king william madam , the plain fact be you have steal seventeen room ! the duchess be uncomfortable with the sensation create . duchess of kent one cannot '' steal '' a room , Sir . the room be where you leave they . but now they be use where before they be empty . king willtam I see . so I have no say in my own palace ? why not move in here and bring you irish tinker with you ? the Queen and I will be happy enough in the lodge ! this be very rude indeed . the duchess be icy in she reply . duchess of kent so would I , Sir . if I think the people there would be polite to I ! the Queen step forward to head off further trouble . queen adelatde we be go in . the Queen hold she husband 's arm and the procession form . king william how dare - queen adelaide enough , my dear . you have exhaust the topic . she look at he firmly . with a glare at . he sister - in - law , he step off . Victoria follow , the cynosure of all eye . int . saint george' gallery . windsor castle . night . 30 we waltz becomy practical as an.orchestra play . a table a mile long . sparkles with glass , silver and gold . Men and woman sit alternately down its length with footmen behind they chair . * {continued ) 30 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 33 continued : 30 the King have clearly have more than enough to drink . Victoria be by Melbourne . further down the table , the duchess of sutherland and the Duke of Wellington be neighbour . melbourne you next birthday will be quite a milestone , ma'am . I hope it mean we will see more of you at Court . they glance across at the stony face of she mother . victoria I hope so too , Lord Melbourne . melbourne you know that if you should ever need a ally , you have one in I . victoria a Prime Minister have more important call upon he time . melbourne . not at all . I know the late Duke of Kent well . naturally I take a interest in he daughter . victoria you know my father ? this be a direct route the she heart . as he plan . melbourne be it difficult to speak of he ? victoria no ! I love to hear from someone who know he ! for I never do , you see . melbourne : he be a great gentleman . of that you may be sure . victoria indeed I be . melbourne he be excellent company like he brother , the Regent . but not so extravagant . and he be as kind as he brother , the King ... they both look over to where the red-face , white - haire King be gabbling dementedly to he neighbour . ( continued ) 30 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 34 continued : ( 2 ) 30 melbourne , but not perhaps so ... talkative . victoria you make he sound as if he be the best of they . melbourne oh , I think so , ma'am . she glow with pleasure . they be watch by a eave — drop Wellington and duchess of sutherland . wellington you leader be hard at work , duchess . see he hover with he net to catch the pretty butterfly . duchess of sutherland and when you party be back in power , Duke , will you not do the same ? wellington not nearly as well as Melbourne . unfortunately , I have no small talk and peel have no manners . which make she laugh . wellington and I would have a hard time praise she father . the most brutal officer I ever encounter . he stop . the King , drunk and scarlet in the face , have rise to he foot . he sign for they to remain seat . the music stop . king william first , I thank you for you good wish on my birthday . this be conventional enough . but he mood be darken . king william it have be a long life and a interesting one and I shall be content with only a short while more . just enough to dispense with any think of a Regency , so I may pass the Royal authority directly to that young lady - his voice be grow angrier as he point at Victoria . ( continued ) 30 31 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page .35 continued : ( 3 ) 30 king william and not to the hand of a person now near I who be surround by evil adviser and who cannot act with propriety in the station in which she 's be place ! suddenly the company see that he be punish he sister - in- law . the duchess tense . he be very angry now . king william - I have be insulted - grossly and continually insulted ! she have keep she daughter , my brother 's child , from my Court ! but from now I have have she know that I be King ! and I will not be flout or disobey by she ox by that jackanape she keep about she ! he be shouting at the duchess who blushes with rage . it be too much . she stand , fling she napkin down , knock glass over with a crash , and storm out , send she chair fly . there be total , pin-dropping silence in that vast chamber . servant and guest alike be freeze . Victoria blushes , tremble on the brink of tear . Wellington whisper to he other neighbour . wellington families . who would be without they ? the duchess of sutherland smile discreetly behind she fan . int . a bedroom at windsor castle . night . 31 Victoria , dress for bed , be sketching as lehzen enter . * victoria how be she ? lehzen she want to leave tonight but they have persuade she to stay until the morning . she 's ask for you bed to be set up in she room . I 'l ] see to it . victoria can not I be alone for one solitary night ? she sigh . lehzen say nothing . victoria they act as if I have no mind of my own . but I know what lie ahead . ( continued ) 31 31a 31b 32 33 phe Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . continued : lehzen all the more reason to listen to that who love you . she curtsey and leave . Victoria , alone , go to the window . int . victoria's bedroom . kensington palace . night . flashback . a eleven year old Victoria speak : fiercely to the night sky . young victoria ( aged 11 ) I will be good . int . a bedroom at windsor castle . night . back in 1836 , Victoria look out at the same sky and murmur . victoria I will . int . a wall in a room in london . day . a cartoon of the row , with duchess and King raging , and Victoria cower in the background , be pin to a wall . int . albert 's room . rosenau castle . germany . night . page . 36 31 31a 31b 32 33 discard , unfinish letter have be throw on the floor . in the background , the door open to reveal a man 's foot . ernest ( 0.s. ) should not you get over there ? the foot belong to Ernest . he look at Albert , seat behind a desk , write . we see he back , not he face . albert what ? like a vulture ? to hover at the edge until the King be dead ? ernest when he be dead , there will be more than one vulture to contend with . what be it ? do not you like she ? Albert stop write . he crumple the letter and throw it down with the other . ( continued ) 33 34 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 37 continued : 33 albert yes , I like she . more than I dare hope . but it 's not up to I , be it ? Albert finally turn to look at he brother . albert what do you call 'a man who wait for a rich woman to decide whether or not she want he ? Ernest say nothing . Albert nod . albert that 's the name I would use , too . Ernest look at the discard letter on the floor . ernest then why not tell she how you feel ? he leave . Albert take another sheet of blue paper ... int . duchess 's drawing room . kensington palace . day . 34 a fist slam down onto a letter on a table . conroy ( v.0o . ) do not you see what he want ! Victoria be with she mother and conroy . dash hover nearby , worry a toy . the girl be attempt to keep she temper . victoria he increase my income now I be eighteen and he ask to see I at Court . what 's wrong with that ? . conroy the King want to separate you from you mother ! he be try to control you , to take you from that whose sole aim be to protect you ! lehzen enter . Victoria stand , with a cool , study calm . victoria there 's no need to shout , Sir John . I be sure the people of London will find out we business soon enough , without hearing it from you lip . ( continued ) 34 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page .38 continued : 34 conroy tell she ! make she understand ! nervously , the duchess try to explain as conroy cross the room to a chair , struggle to control he anger . duchess of kent Victoria , six John only mean that you be unprepare for the task that await you . victoria and if I be , whose fault be that ! conroy sit , then jump up at once . he snatch one of Victoria 's doll and throw it to one side , lose what patience he have . he walk back , shouting in she face . conroy you be too young ! you have no experience ! you be a china doll walk over a precipice ! victoria then I must smash ! for it 's too late to mend my way now ! so if you will excuse I - conroy but I will not excuse you ! seize she arm , he fling she back roughly into the chair . for Victoria , this be a savage shock . the other woman be stunne . the dog snaris . the duchess attempt to intervene . duchess of kent surely we do not need - but he silence she , bend over the shrink girl . conroy now , here 's what you will do ! first you all refuse the money and demand instead that it be give to you mother ! next you will appoint I you private secretary , from today , and finally , you will agree to be co - regent with the duchess until you twenty fifth birthday . neither she , nor I , will accept less ! he pause , panting for breath , lean into she face . Victoria be tremble with anger when she answer . ( continued ) 34 35 36 37 38 39 the Young Victoria , pink revision , &th aug , 2007 . page .39 continued : ( 2 ) 34 victoria you may do what you like with the money . now , get out of my way ! he make a move to prevent she but she bring up she hand to dismiss he so firmly that he drop back . she stand and turn to the duchess . her voice be like ice . victoria if you think I will ever forget that you sit by silent and watch he treat I thus , you be dream ! she go , follow by lehzen and dash . the duchess look at conroy who slam the door shut . int . passage . kensington palace . day . 35 Victoria walk into she room in a fury , slamm the door behind she as violently as conroy . int . staircase hall . kensington palace . day . 36 two footmen on duty and a butler walk through , hear the bang of the door . they look xat each other , half enjoy the stir . int . duchess '’s drawing room . kensington palace . day . 37 the door burst open . conroy look up , startle . he stand as Albert walk across the room . until he stop and punch conroy full in the face . int . victoria 's bedroom . kensington palace . night . 38 Victoria embrace Albert . he comfort she , enjoy the fragrance of she skin as a haunt melody play on a piano be hear . int . albert 's room . rosenau castle . germany . night . 39 Albert be still enjoy Victoria 's scent on a letter in he bed . bater , see from behind , Albert write at he desk . albert ( v.0 . ) my dear Victoria , if it be ever within my power to assist you , you know you have only to ask ... ( continued ) 39 40 40 a 40 B 40c 40d 41 the Young Victoria , pink revision , eth aug , 2007 . page.40 continued : 39 we go over he shoulder to reveal a sheet of blue paper on which he 's write . underneath it , we see some music entitle '' the swan song . '' but the camera do not stop on he letter , nor on the one from Victoria , but rather on the envelope that sit next to it , franke with the mark of the belgian Royal Household . montage . int . duchess' drawing room . kensington . day . 40 through flashback , we follow Victoria 's letter : Victoria hand she letter to a footman . it be address to Albert * in Germany . montage . int . passage . kensington . day . 40a the footman give it to the duchess of Kent . * montage .. int . duchess 's drawing room . kensington . day . 40b the duchess of Kent insert it in another envelope and seal it * with wax , imprint it with she cypher . * montage . int . gallery . labken palace . night . 40 c King Leopold pass the letter to stockmar . montage . int . king leopold 's library . laeken palace . night . 40d stockmar put it back in the envelope and seal it . we now * understand why there be two seal on the envelope . * leopold ( v.0 . ) how should we play it ? int . king leopold n's library . laeken palace . day . Al King Leopold be by the window in this splendid apartment , look out at the garden . he be restless . stockmar we have throw over conroy . now go after Melbourne . make he a ally . he will be less on he guard if he think you be a friend . Leopold nod to dismiss the adviser but as stockmar bow ... ( continued ) al 42 43 44 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 41 continued : 4l leopold and Albert ? be he ready ? int . music room . rosenau castle . germany . day . 42 Albert be play the piano . it be the same melody that we hear in the previous scene . stockmar ( v.o. ) he may be . but she be not . let she enjoy succession and the freedom it will bring . int . victoria's bedroom . kensington palace . day . 43 Victoria 's impressive collection of dolis fill the frame . stockmar ( v.o. ) we must wait for disillusion , and the loneliness that follow . Victoria be be dress by Watson as she finish read a letter on Albert 's blue paper . she look inside the envelope and find the musical piece : '' the swan song '' by schubert . it take some time , but it do finally make she smile . int . duchess 's drawing room . kensington palace . day . 44 Melbourne be with Victoria . he stand . she sit . melbourne be there really no compromise ? not private secretary but something harmless ? we must keep up the look of the thing - she cut he off . she be full of emotion . victoria I tell you , Lord Melbourne , he behaviour to I ~ cheek flushed , she struggle to control she rage . victoria make it impossible to keep he in any post near - my person . any post whatever . melbourne : you do not think it more dangerous to cut he loose ? ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 42 44 continued : 44 victoria I can not help that ! I know thing - when she have recover , she speak again . very calmly . victoria thing that mean I could never have confidence in he ... I see I must endure Lady flora . mama can hardly appear at Court without a lady - in-wait . but I draw the line at conroy . once I be Queen , I do not wish to look upon he face again . melbourne we can not prevent the duchess from leave he in charge of she own affair . victoria then that will be she mistake . not mine . melbourne very well . he bow . the interview be at a end . melbourne and ma'am ... you need not worry . in 1l be you private secretary . to begin with , anyway . victoria thank you , Lord Melbourne . that be a great comfort to I . for the first time , she be smile . he go towards the door , add , as a afterthought : melbourne we must consider the new appointment . you ljady -in-wait , and so on ... what about the duchess of sutherland for mistress of the robe ? victoria TI do not really know she . melbourne as to that , ma’am , she 's a great friend of mine . you will like she enormously . ( continued ) 44 45 46 47 the Young Victoria , pink revision , @th aug , 2007 . page . 43 continued : ( 2 ) 44 victoria I should be lose without you guidance . I hope you know how very grateful I be . melbourne do not give it a think , ma'am . I will draw up a list . she smile . he bow , and leave . Victoria , leave alone , put she hand on she side , breathe against she tight stay . int . passage . kensington palace . day . 45 outside the door , Melbourne stand in triumph . he have achieve he first goal of the next reign . int . staircase . rosenau castle . coburg . day . 46 a letter address to Albert in Victoria 's write be give over . albert ( v.0 . ) as a matter of interest , will a time come when I read they first ? Albert be with stockmar , who be immune to this kind of thing . stockmar you will enjoy this one . she have a real flair for description . albert any progress against conroy ? stockmar very much so . conroy ( v.0 . ) this be madness ! int . duchess 's drawing room . kensington palace . day . 47 conroy pace the room . the duchess be wring she hand . Melbourne sit patiently in front of they and say nothing . duchess of kent she 's only a child ! 48 49 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 44 int . victoria's bedroom . kensington palace . night . 48 the child be smile as , all alone , she write to Albert . melbourne ( v.o . ) if she be a child , it could be say ma'am , that you have keep she so . int . duchess 's drawing room . kensington palace . day . 49 duchess of kent a mother 's duty be to protect she . daughter 's innocence . melbourne a mother 's duty be to prepare she child for the life await they . conroy but what will people say ? surely to exclude we entirely will launch the new reign in a cloud of scandal ! melbourne they will say the Queen and she mother do not always agree . this thing happen in the best family . duchess of kent but where be I to live ? be I to be abandon here ? or must I beg along the highway for a crust ? melbourne you will move into the Palace with the Queen , but she have arrange a separate apartment for you . it will allow you both more privacy . duchess of kent I do not want privacy from my own child ! melbourne nevertheless you shall have it . the duchess produce a handkerchief . duchess of kent you be cruel , Sir . you prefer to break my heart than plead my cause . ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , @th bug , 2007 . page . 45 49 continued : 49 conroy and when King Leopold learn of this ? 50 int . library . laeken palace . belgium . day . 50 King Leopold be finish a letter that he give to stockmar as we hear Melbourne 's and the duchess 's voice . melbourne ( v.o. ) I be here this morning at he express command . duchess of kent ( v.0 . ) my brother know that I be to be cast into the wilderness ? 51 int . duchess 's drawing room . kensington palace . day . 51 this be a blow . they be both completely stunne . conroy you be lie ! melbourne you be out of you depth , Sir John . it have make you forget yourself . duchess of kent I understand you game , my lord . you want to be she father , mother and who know what besides ... despite himself , Melbourne register this . he stare at she . duchess of kent you will not succeed . you do not know she , whatever you may think . he will not answer . conroy take advantage of the cooler climate . conroy surely , if I be not to be she secretary , there must be something else - Melbourne cut he off with a raise palm . melbourne I see I be not speak clearly . how can I put this ? you have play the game ... 52 53 54 55 56 fhe Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . int . victoria's bedroom . kensington palace . night . as we cut back to Victoria write she letter , we see she pronounce in sync with Melbourne : melbourne ( v.0o . ) ++. and lose . int . staircase . rosenau castle . coburg . day . Albert look up from he letter at stockmar , who smile . int . duchess 's drawing room . kensington palace . day . page . 46 52 53 54 the duchess look at conroy and then at Melbourne . Melbourne look at the duchess and then at conroy . int . victoria's bedroom . kensington palace . night . 55 Victoria smile a victorious smile as she end she letter with the firm full stop . her pen on the paper make a sound that punctuate the moment . she feel good . so do we . int . duchess 's drawing room . kensington palace . day . the tone be abrupt . Melbourne bow to the duchess . melbourne good day to you , ma’am . he have go , leave she speechless . she reach out for conroy 's hand but he be furious . he walk away from she . duchess of kent you will still run my household . conroy do not think it 's the end ! it 's not at all the end ! 7 duchess of kent when you talk like that , you frighten I . conroy good . 56 56 a 57 58 59 60 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 47 int . victoria's bedroom . kensington palace . night . 56A Victoria put she letter for Albert in a envelope . just before sealing it , she look at a little scent bottle . smiling at she own absurdity , she touch the stopper to the page . int . staircase . rosenau castle . coburg . day . : 57 stockmar be with Albert , who have read Victoria 's letter . albert but she do not summon I . stockmar not yet . but she will . he bow and go , leave Albert alone , disappointed . int . king private room . windsor . night . 58 we be behind Queen adelaide who watch from a high window as , below , a coach pull away from the castle . int . victoria's bedroom . kensington palace . dawn . 59 the sleep Victoria be be shake by the duchess who stand there in she nightclothes . duchess of kent Victoria . lieble ... the girl open she eye and the two woman , watch by the sightless doll on the bedside table , stare at each other . it be the hour . int . hall . kensington palace . dawn . 60 mother and child , hair loose , be at the top of the stair . the duchess , in a heavy , damask dress gown , be in contrast to Victoria , who wear a white , lace - trim peignoir . as they start * down , the duchess hold out she hand and Victoria take it , without complaint . at the bottom , in the hall , stand a footman with tousle hair who have struggle into some part of he livery . victoria where be they ? ( continued ) 60 61 62 the Young Victoria , pink revision , @th aug , 2007 . page . 48 continued : 60 footman in the draw room , ma'am . as Victoria walk forward , she mother make as if to accompany she , * but the daughter stop she with a look and go alone . * int . duchess 's drawing room . kensington palace . dawn . 61 in the flicker light of a single candelabra , Victoria advance through the shadow across the floor . she stop . the archbishop kneel . then the tall statesman drop to one knee . reaching out , he take she hand and kiss it . lord chamberlain * Long live the Queen . it be both move and awe -inspire as the courtier and the Prince of the Church bow in deference to this tiny figure in a simple nightdress , with she shimmer hair . int . hall . kensington palace . dawn . 62 Victoria come out . the duchess and the other hover . already it be clear that Victoria 's manner have change . victoria I be go back to bed . I imagine Lord Melbourne will be here quite early . lehzen , you can see that he have everything he need if I be not ready to receive he . lehzen of course , you Roy - she stop . lehzen o£ course , you majesty . she go down into a deep curtsey as Victoria walk by . after a * moment , so do she mother and finally Lady flora sink to the floor . Victoria walk to the stair . the duchess stand . duchess of kent wait . I will hold you hand . victoria no , thank you , mama . her voice do not brook any argument . she pause . ( continued ) 62 63 64 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page .49 continued : 62 victoria and lehzgen , in the morning could you arrange for my bed to be move into a room of my own ? duchess of kent well , there 's no great - victoria as soon as possible , lehzen . I think you would understand , mama . I be Queen . you work be do . watched by the woman , she climb the stair . alone . int . victoria's bedroom / passage / staircase . kensington palace . day.63 * Victoria , in black , be mouth word , before a mirror . the duchess of sutherland enter . * duchess of sutherland the Council be assemble , you majesty . lehzen , also in black , be arrange she skirt . Watson and another * may be present . the door be be open . Victoria do not * move . then she lock at lehzgen , as a child would look to she mother for help . lehzen nod and Victoria start to walk out the room . * Watson chase after , hand Victoria some lace mitten she have * forget . Victoria and the duchess then exit . we move along * passage until we reach a door in front of which stand Lord * Chamberlain . lord chamberlain * be you majesty ready ? she nod . a footman open the door . lord chamberlain * her majesty the Queen . int . council chamber . kensington palace . day . 64 in a crimson room , line with huge painting in gild frame , be many man , old and middle age , range round a table cover in green baize . they be in mourn and they stand as the small figure enter , go to the throne , bow , and sit . on they foot throughout , the man tower over she . she 's nervous but also dignify as she reach for she speech , place nearby , cough gently to clear she throat . ( continued ) 64 : the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 50 continued : 64 victoria it be with a sense of reverence and honour that I address you , my privy councillor , as you sovereign and Queen . I mourn sincerely the death of my dear uncle , the King , but I know I may count on you to serve I as loyally as you serve he . she clear she throat again . the man 's eye be brim . victoria I be young but I be willing to learn and I mean to devote my life to the service of my country and my people . I look for you help in this . I know I shall not be disappointed . thank you . * she finish and hold out she hand to the nearest man who , understanding what be require , sink to one knee . councillor I , John , Earl of derby , swear allegiance to my sovereign Lady , Queen Victoria , to live and die you liege man . so help I , God . watch at the far end of the room , Wellington stand with Melbourne and peel . melbourne a welcome change after all that fat , old man . wellington the country 's half in love with she already . I know I be . peel she start on you watch , Lord Melbourne . Guard she well and keep she safe from harm . Melbourne almost laugh as the Lord Chamberlain nod . it be he * turn . melbourne I , William , viscount Melbourne , swear allegiance to my dear sovereign Lady , Queen Victoria , to live and die ... the young Queen smile upon he , she kneel , surrogate father . Wellington observe this with a look to peel . 65 66 67 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 51 int . passage in kensington palace . day . 65 the door open . the Queen emerge soberly , to join the duchess of sutherland who have wait outside . the door be shut . Victoria hug herself with satisfaction and skip off down the passage like a merry child . Thunder rumble . * leopold ( v.0 . ) always remember , you be first a coburg ! int . king leopold library . brussel . night . 66 King Leopold be angry . outside , it be lash with rain . leopold the King of the belgian be a coburg ! the King of Portugal be a coburg ! the Queen of England 's mother be a coburg ! and you be the next piece in the game ! Prince Albert be smile . leopold what be it ? albert nothing , Sir . you just remind I of something Victoria once say . leopold I be glad she make you smile . now go to England and make she smile ! stockmar you majesty , if I may ... Leopold glare at the baron but he nod . stockmar we have only to be patient . the young Queen be testing she wing . ext . entrance court . buckingham palace . day . 67 Buckingham Palace a mount soldier present he sword as Victoria step out of a coach and look at she new home . Lord Chamberlain welcome she . * ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , &th , aug , 2007 . page . 52 67 continued : 67 she walk through a alley of cold stream guard , all salute and present arm . stockmar ( v.0o . ) she will not wish to clip they quite yet . leopold ( v.0 . ) tf she fly free she may get away . stockmar ( v.0 . ) wait ' till she fly through a storm . but Victoria be glad to be in the right place at the right time . 67a int . gallery . buckingham palace . day . 67a Victoria enter the wide , light , and , above all , free hall of she new home . * queen adelaide ( v.o- . ) I be sad you do not care for poor George . 68 ext . the garden . buckingham palace . day . 68 Victoria be walk with Queen adelaide , both in mourn . dash caper along in front . victoria I like George . queen adelatde but not in that way . Victoria 's silence confirm this . queen adelatde what about Leopold 's candidate ? victoria that 's just it . there 's nothing wrong with Albert . nothing at all ... her mind wander slightly , then return to make the point . victoria but he be uncle Leopold 's choice . I can not marry the man they want I to marry ! queen adelaide every suitor will have string attach . ( continued ) 68 continued : the Young Victoria , pink revision , &th aug , 2007 . page .53 68 victoria can not I be my own mistress for a while ? have not I earn it ? and dear Lord m.'s so very kind . I could not have a better tutor . queen adelaide you may dream of independence but you will not get it . from now on , everyone will push and pull you for they own advantage , Melbourne more than the rest . just remember you be a queen , he 's a politician . and politician , whatever they creed , always resent a monarchy . they pass through . you stay . so just keep '' dear Lord M. '' in he proper sphere . something in this trouble Victoria , which Queen adelaide notice . * Victoria '' victoria he 's already choose the new Household . queen adelaide what ? you mean you ladies~ in-wait ? do you ask he to ? learly feel she 's on weaken ground . victoria TI could not do it . I do not know anyone . I have be live at the bottom of a well . queen adelaide I warn you , the public will not stand for a liberal Court , when they elect a conservative government . victoria it 's not my business to pander to tory sensibility . queen adelatde but it be you business to make the system work ! Victoria look at she aunt sharply . adelaide cool down . queen adelaide if Melbourne 's pack the palace with the wife of he supporter , there will be trouble when he lose office . ( continued ) 68 69 70 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 6th aug , 2007 . page . 54 continued : ( 2 ) 68 victoria then let 's hope he never do ! Queen adelaide 's expression be not reassure . int . passage . buckingham palace . day . 69 Victoria come in . the duchess of sutherland be wait . duchess of sutherland the Prime Minister be here , you majesty . victoria thank you , duchess . they start to walk away from camera , down the passage together . victoria have I ever thank you properly , for accept the post ? I be afraid it will involve a good deal of inconvenience . duchess of sutherland to be mistress of the robe be a great honour , ma ’am . I be only anxious to be worthy of it . victoria Lord Melbourne say you will be perfect . duchess of sutherland Lord Melbourne do not know everything . victoria oh , I think he do . they laugh . Victoria notice a nearby flower arrangement . int , victoria 's sitting room . buckingham palace . day . 70 Victoria have now a rosebud tuck into she bosom . on a table , the doll collection remind we of the earlier life . Victoria sit , dash at she foot , as she talk to Melbourne . he ( always ) stand . victoria the duchess of sutherland say the young leave prison worse than they go in . ( continued ) 70 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 55 continued : 70 melbourne indeed , ma ’am . but there be many place one leave worse than one go in . I always leave a ball - room worse than I come in . be there to be no balis in future ? victoria laugh . but something be troubling she . victoria about my lady - in-wait ... melbourne I will bring the list later today , ma'am . they have all accept . oh . the Queen be slightly wrong-footed . victoria only my aunt advise I not to be too partisan in my choice ... she laugh gently as if this be a joke . he be very smooth . melbourne with respect , ma'am , I think I understand this thing as well as the Queen dowager . victoria T know that , of course . melbourne and we want friend around we as we begin we labour , surely ? we must not find Sir John conroy sneaking back to the table . victoria no ! not if we have to line up every friend we both possess , in triple rank ! she be distract and Melbourne move matter briskly along . melbourne it 's very cold . why have not they light the fire ? victoria it seem fire be laid by the Lord steward 's department but light by the Lord Chamberlain 's . no one know which footmen should do it . it 's not very sensible . ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 56 70 continued : ( 2 ) 70 melbourne well , if it 's the way thing be do , I should leave it alone . Victoria be troubled by this . victoria but we must improve where we can ! if I have discover anything from touring England , it 's the suffer that need my help . melbourne never do good , you majesty . it always lead to scrape . victoria really Lord Melbourne . that 's not what be . preach from the pulpit . melbourne exactly why I never go to Church , ma'am . one hear such extraordinary thing . as she laugh again , there be a noise outside the door . duchess of kent ( v.0 . ) T want to go in ! 71 int . passage . buckingham palace . day . 71 the duchess of Kent and Lady flora be outside with two footmen . * footman * I beg you pardon , ma'am , but her majesty be with the Prime Minister and can not be disturb . duchess of kent that will not apply to she mother ! she step forward to reach for the door but he intervene . footman * I be very sorry , ma'am . lady flora what a splendid example for the Nation ! fuming , they retreat , watch by the servant . the Young Victoria , pink revision , &th aug , 2007 . page . 57 72 int . victoria's sitting room . buckingham palace . day . 72 the Queen and Minister be almost guilty . victoria you must think I very harsh . melbourne not in the least . the duchess be a difficult woman . victoria stubborn , self - centre and always right ! melbourne my mother be the same . but at least she be intelligent . which elicit a guilty smile . she glance despairingly at the letter cover she write table . victoria you would think mama be at the North pole from the number of letter she write ! before I can answer one , she send four more ! Melbourne notice a blue letter under the desk . he retrieve it , study the write which be different from the rest . victoria I have make no promise to he . Victoria be actually embarrassed . her tone be defensive . victoria but sometimes I feel quite alone in the world . melbourne never while I be here , you majesty . they eye meet . Victoria blushes . 73 int . albert 's room . rosenau castle . coburg . day . 73 Albert read a letter . stockmar , with he , hold the envelope . albert plenty of praise for Lord Melbourne and not much of anything else . ( continued ) 73 74 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 58 continued : 73 Albert stand , throw the letter down . stockmar everything come to he who wait . albert and if nothing come , what then ? you nve play with I , Baron , you have make I you * wax doll , all to please one woman . but what * if I do not please she ? what 's to become of * I , then ? stockmar be very calm , as he come to a decision . * stockmar you do please she , Sir , but perhaps it be * time to remind she why ... you will attend * she coronation as the representative of his serene highness , the Duke of coburg . albert but my father be plan to go , himself . stockmar then he can un - plan it , can not he ? int , westminster abbey . day . 74 Victoria , in the lilac and mauve of half - mourn , be with Melbourne in the Abbey . the duchess of sutherland , Lady tavistock and Lady portman , she new lady in wait hover behind . melbourne Queen Elizabeth never marry and it do not spoil thing for she . she look at he but say nothing . they stroll to where the coronation chair stand . she touch it silently . melbourne you be familiar with the coronation chair and the ancient Stone of scone . victoria familiar yes , but quite in awe . she step forward to touch the carving , to be alone with this seat of she ancestor , then turn back to Melbourne . ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 59 74 continued : 74 victoria I be terribly afraid of disappoint . on the day . I so want to do it perfectly . melbourne the prison of monarchy , ma’am , be that everything you do must be perfect . which be true enough to make she solemn . he reassure she . melbourne just be yourself . you instinct be always to you credit . comfort , she look round and catch sight of some rough — look workmen who have gather to see she . melbourne they be prepare the Abbey for the ceremony . I be tell they ask permission for a glimpse of you majesty . she smile and wave . they be shabby and poor , but they smile back , call God 's blessing on she head . visibly touch , she turn to Melbourne . victoria ' I do want to help they , whatever you say . and not just the labour poor , but the lose , the hungry , the homeless ... whose business be it to see to they welfare ? melbourne this thing be best leave to develop naturally . interfere , and you overturn the cart . victoria Prince Albert do not agree . he 's make a study of the work man 's condition and he 's full to the brim with idea for they improvement . melbourne indeed , ma'am ? how inspiring . he sound ready . to take control at the first opportunity . he make no further comment but he word sink in . 75 76 77 78 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 60 int . duchess 's drawing room . buckingham palace . night . 75 as the duchess arrive , conroy hide a decanter of whisky in a * cabinet . quickly , he take a peppermint . : conroy well ? duchess of kent you may not accompany I to the proclamation ceremony . you may not attend the coronation . he stare at she , not give a reaction . * int . westminster abbey . day . 76 * the ceremony we witness at the start be almost over . Victoria be crown Queen . but this time , it be from Albert 's point of view . he see a man sleep , the coronation ring force on the wrong finger , a peer take a sandwich from a page who have hide it * underneath the coronet he 's hold , and a lord fall down the stair before the throne . this be quite different from Melbourne 's vision . Albert watch as the Prime Minister catch the Queen 's eye and mouth '' perfect . '' Albert take in Victoria 's delighted smile , and ponder what he be up against . bell be ringing as * Zadok the Priest reach its climax . int . duchess' drawing room . day . buckingham palace . day . 77 conroy be drink . he stare down through a window as we hear a medley of cheer crowd , ringing bell and Zadok the Priest . as the song end , he suddenly smashes he glass in the fireplace . int . victoria's sitting room . buckingham palace . day . 78 the Prime Minister stop , astonished . then he smile and clear he throat . Victoria , in she white dress , be give dash a bath . victoria do not look so surprised . a Queen have many different duty . melbourne it be hearten to know she will not neglect the least of they . even on coronation Day . ( continued ) 78 79 the Young Victoria , pink revision , @th aug , 2007 . page . 61 continued : 78 victoria I do not think dash would allow it . she hold up the soapy dog and kiss it on the nose . melbourne try to rest before the ball . victoria I will . since I firmly intend to dance until dawn . melbourne you have plenty of Royal partner to choose from , for once . but if he be fishing , she do not rise . instead she towel the dog and lift it as she partner in a waltz . int . ballroom . buckingham palack . night . 79 the coronation Ball be as glamorous as the ceremony . jewel , uniform , order , feather , a orchestra play . the dance floor be empty . for the first time since the King 's death , Victoria wear colour and the effect be enchant . she be surround by visit prince . Melbourne hover , watch by Albert from the edge of the crowd . the Lord Chamberlain bow . * lord chamberlain . * if you majesty would open the ball ... Victoria look at the man around she . who will have the honour ? two ox three look hopeful . so do Melbourne . then she spot someone . we stay on she face as she seem to be pull magically to the middle of the dance floor by a man . she whisper . victoria be you sure this be wise ? finally , we see that it be Albert , as handsome as always . he take she hand and waist . the music start and he step off , firmly take the lead . they spin smoothly round . they be so good together , nobody want to join they and spoil it . victoria you have pay attention to you teacher . albert I might say the same for you . ( continued ) 79 80 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 62 continued : 79 they be beautiful to watch and that 's what we do as they enjoy the moment in silence . after a while , we dissolve to : later : they be not alone on the floor any more . other guest surround they as they all waltz in harmony . then the music stop . albert it 's be quite a day . be you tired ? victoria not very . I '' stronger than I look . albert not stronger than you look to I . she quite like this answer . he never diminish she . victoria how long be you in London ? albert only ' till Friday . then home via Brussels . uncle Leopold must first have he report . they share a smile at this as a quadrille start to play . victoria oh dear . a quadrille with the Prince of Prussia next . my poor little toe . I feel sorry for they already . a tall man , he chest cover in medal , arrive to claim she with a click of he heel and a bow . reluctantly , Albert let go . as he walk back across the floor , he feel Melbourne 's eye on he . this two be aware they be rival for the Queen . ext . garden of buckingham palace . day . 80 a letter address to King Leopold be pass from she hand to he . Albert and Victoria be walk . lehzen and the duchess of sutherland hover on the terrace , watch . victoria thank you for be my messenger . I only hope I have give he enough detail . you can fill in anything I have miss . albert he take a great interest in you . ( continued ) , the Young Victoria , pink revision , @th aug , 2007 . page . 63 80 continued ; 80 victoria do not I know it ! if you hear the question he ask in every letter ! like a never - * end examination ! Lord Melbourne call he - she break off , embarrassed at she indiscretion . albert what about Lord Melbourne ? victoria never mind . it do not matter ... well ... T wish you a good journey ... ' she hesitates . he take she hand . but he hold on to it . albert Victoria , I would so much like ... she wait . on the terrace , she lady have rise . it be time for she next appointment . Albert end as best he can . albert I would like to be useful to you . if there be ever a opportunity . victoria I know you would . and one day I may take advantage of you offer . she look into he eye , not want she word to hurt he . victoria but not yet . 81 int . king leopold library . brussel . day . 81 Leopold be clutching the letter , raging at Albert and stockmar . leopold have you read this ? albert no , Sir . leopold it seem she do not think it appropriate to discuss politics '' in we otherwise delightful correspondence ! '' ( continued ) 81 82 83 b4 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 64 continued : 81 stockmar which be dictate by Melbourne . leopold damn it ! I be King of a country that be eight year old ! I need help , and it 's my * niece 's duty to give it ! do something ! albert uncle , please calm down . the Baron be not a * magician . * stockmar Melbourne guard she like a lion . I can not * get past he . * leopold then get he past Melbourne ! get he into she bed ! he point at Albert who be extremely uncomfortable . leopold we will soon see if she still take Melbourne 's dictation ! enrage , he tear the letter to shred . Albert leave . int . victoria's sitting room . buckingham palace . day . 82 the door burst open . Albert stride in , go directly to Melbourne who look up , startle . Albert stop in front of he , take he glove off . and slap he across the face . int . albert 's room . rosenau castle . coburg . night . 83 Albert slap the shutter of he bedroom window as he stand , look out into the night . he slap it again and again . ernest ( v.0 . ) what be you play at ? ernest.is in the doorway , look very tired and not very pleased . Albert cannot put he angry thought into word . int . victoria's dressing room . buckingham palace . night . 84 the Queen be be dress again . ( continued ) 84 85 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . continued : victoria have anyone ever reckone the hour we waste , with this endless change of clothes ? . watson and if you do not , ma’am , what would I .do then ? which Victoria have not consider . Watson hold a scent bottle . Victoria hesitates , then wave it away . she will keep it for Albert . int . white drawing room . buckingham palace . night . Victoria sit at dinner with a party of about twenty . this include she mother , the duchess of Kent , seat far away . victoria so , Duke , how be Paris ? wellington oh , as charming and as dangerous as ever . victoria Lord Melbourne say french doctor kill they patient . English one just let they die . this be greet with a respectful laugh . wellington I think he might be here tonight . victoria he 's throw I over for Lady Holland . she say it smile but it clearly rankle . wellington I expect you majesty will miss he . victoria not too severely . he will be back tomorrow . wellington no , I mean when he 's out of power . victoria what ? ( continued ) page . 65 * 85 86 87 88 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 66 continued : 85 her tone beget a tremor of unease . her mother look down the table at she . Wellington have no intention of start this . wellington well , only ... I do not mean to crow . I just think it be common knowledge that he 's about to lose the vote ... he tail away . every eye be on the Queen . the great room be in silence . but she be perfectly compose when she speak . victoria parliamentary democracy be Britain 's great gift to the world , Duke . even if sometimes it can be rather try . they laugh more than she quip deserve . the danger be over . Victoria turn pleasantly to she other neighbour , without notice the look of compassion in she mother 's eye . int . victoria's sitting room . buckingham palace . night . 86 Victoria be stand by the window , she face turn away . lehzen ( v.0 . ) schatzi ? Victoria glance towards the voice . in the shadow , lehzen be stand , motionless . she hold a tray with some milk again . lehzen what be it ? Victoria turn away again , to hide she face . like a silent , stalking beast , lehzen glide across the room , wait for a moment , and then slide she arm round the girl . after a moment , Victoria 's shoulder start to heave . lehzen there , there ... never mind ... int . passage . buckingham palace . night . 87 the duchess approach she daughter 's door . she would knock but the sound of cry make she hesitate . int . victoria 's sitting room . buckingham palace . night . 88 lehzen be hold the glass to Victoria 's lip . ( continued ) 88 89 90 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 67 continued : : 88 lehzen just a sip ... now another ... she glance at the table of doll and laugh . lehzen oh , look . miss agatha be play up again . she 's just as naughty as ever ! a snuffling Victoria reach out to stand the fall doll . victoria dearest , darling lehzen , you will not desert I , will you ? lehzen never , mein liebe schatzi . never . the Queen be a child once more . as lehzen intend . through a mirror , we see Victoria 's door gently close . int . passage . buckingham palace . night . 89 the duchess of Kent be visibly hurt . her role have be usurped . dash 's head appear in the ajar door . the duchess leave . int . white drawing room . buckingham palace . day . 90 % a exasperate peel be alone with Victoria . peel but sutherland be a prominent whig ! so be portman ! every one of you lady be the * wife of a friend of Lord Melbourne ? surely you can see how it look ? victoria you should not set such store by appearance , Sir Robert . peel I be only ask for a token , ma ’am . for two lady , or even one , who support my cause . otherwise , it must look as if Palace and parliament have fall out ! ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 68 90 continued : 90 victoria let I understand you . be you tell I it be now the Prime Minister who select my household ? have the law change in this regard ? peel well , no , you majesty , but - victoria then there can not be much more to be say on the subject . Victoria ring a small bell . victoria good day , Sir Robert . and could you please ask Lady portman to come in , as you leave ? * the interview be over . he be boil , but he bow and go as a footman open the door . Lady portman enter . * victoria I wonder if you could have a note deliver * to Lord Melbourne ? lady portman * of course , ma’am . Victoria be satisfied , but the lady - in-wait be worried . leopold ( v.o. ) what about Albert ? 91 int . the duchess ’'s drawing room . kensington palace . night . 91 we be close on Albert 's face . he be concentrate . leopold ( v.o. ) should he go now ? be it time ? stockmar ( v.0 . ) let she first taste unpopularity . then we will see what she will take to ease the pain . Albert and Victoria be play chess . she pick up a white knight and start to remove a black Castle - melbourne ( 0.s. ) be you quite sure , ma ’am ? ( continued ) 91 92 93 94 95 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 69 continued : 91 she look up , hesitate . Melbourne , Leopold and stockmar stand by the chimney - piece , watch the game . she pause , with the knight in she hand , look back to Albert . albert make you move . she place the knight on the board and start to pick up the Castle , when she wrist be seize . she look up , startle , to find that Albert have become Sir John conroy . int . victoria's bedroom . buckingham palace . day . 92 Victoria start awake . Watson be set a tray of tea thing by she bed . and a newspaper . Victoria read the headline . newsboy ( v.o. ) constitutional crisis ! Queen flout Prime Minister ! ext . a london STREET . day . 93 a boy be sell papers , with headline as loud as he be . newsboy threat to bring down tory government ! Palace at War with parliament ! Edward Oxford , among other , be buy a newspaper . int . a wall in a room in london . day . 94 another cartoon be pin to the wall . a arrogant Victoria crush a anguish peel , while lean on Melbourne 's arm . queen adelaide ( v.0 . ) you reign by right of parliament ! and you must work with the voter 's choice ! victoria ( v.0 . ) but Lord M. say ~ ext . carriage . tyburn corner . london . day . 95 Victoria be with Queen adelaide , argue . ( continued ) 95 96 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 70 continued : . 95 queen adelaide Melbourne say what suit he interest ! he 's use you to punish he enemy without think of the damage to the Crown ! my dear ... she take Victoria 's hand , she tone become tender . queen adelaide I wish you have a ally to help you in this . victoria I have lehzen . I have Melbourne . until this morning , I think I have you ! queen adelaide I mean a equal , and of you own age - but , somewhere outside the carriage , a man be shouting . man ( v.0 . ) the Queen be in the clutches of Melbourne the great seducer ! shelter behind the curtain , Victoria and she aunt glance out . they be at speaker corner and a wild - eye fellow on a soap box be address a modest crowd . he have not finish . man and when he be silent , who do she listen to ? her german mother ! her german uncle ! her german governess , who guide she like a helpless child ! when will she remember she be English ! when will she wake up to the damage she have do ? this be greet by a cheer from he audience . the woman sit back . * adelaide look to Victoria for a response . she do not get one . * queen adelaide * you be confusing stubbornness with strength , my dear . and I warn you : the people will not like you for it ! the roar of the crowd 's approval outside , be amplify by a far louder riot of angry shouting . which Victoria seem to hear . int . house of common . visitors 's gallery . day . 96 Wellington and Melbourne , look down into a rowdy House of commons . peel be at the despatch box below , shouting to make himself hear , ¥* ( continued ) 96 97 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page .71 continued : 96 peel with sorrow , I must inform the House that I have be unable to persuade the Queen that she lady should not solely adhere to the view of my political opponent . I have therefore inform her majesty that I be not qualified to form a government , if I do not enjoy she confidence . peel sit down . a mp rise from the back on the other side of the * house and look at the speaker . speaker Sir Francis baring . whig member Mr. speaker , be we to understand that the mighty Sir Robert peel have be frighten off by a few frilly petticoat ? this provoke laughter from he own side . peel rise again . * speaker Prime Minister . peel Mr. speaker , what frighten I , be to see the Crown use as a shuttlecock in the game of politics . peel sit again . the whig member remain seat . whig member which apparently Lord Melbourne play better than you do , Sir . speaker order , order ! more roar of laughter , echoed by Melbourne 's supporter above . int . house of common . visitors 's gallery . day . 97 peel enter the gallery to find Wellington wait for he . below they , a quieter House of commons be empty . wellington you have nothing to reproach yourself with , Sir Robert . you hand be tie . I will make the same point when I speak in the lord . ( continued ) 97 98 99 99 a 99b phe Young Victoria , pink revision , 6th ang , 2007 . continued : then peel see that Melbourne be talk to he supporter , the member who interrupt peel in the earlier debate . peel you should be ashamed of yourself . if the Queen have be foolish , she can plead she youth . you be old enough to know better . whig member come , Sir Robert , be honest . what trouble you be that Lord Melbourne be Prime Minister again . he turn aside to Melbourne but speak to be overhear . . whig member I hate a bad loser . peel we be all loser in this , sir. most especially the Queen . he and Wellington walk away . whig member what a po-face prig he be . melbourne maybe . but what if he 's right ? for the first time , he see the damage he 's do . deleted . int . albert 's room . rosenau castle . montage . day . Albert be write when he look at the clock . with a start , he jump up , run out of the room , through the castle ... int . passage . rosenau castle . montage . day . down a passage ... int . staircase . rosenau castle . montage . day . ++. a staircase ... page . 72 97 98 99 99 a 99b the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 73 99c int . back hall . rosenau castle . montage . day . 99 c --. at last he reach the back hall , where a kammerrher be sorting * through letter . albert anything for I , gubbenholtz ? kammerrher * there be , you serene highness , but the Baron always like - albert I will take it , myself . thank you . he remove the envelope from the hesitant servant . 100 ext . garden . rosenau castle . day . 100 Albert be read he letter , watch by Ernest . ernest she 's bring down a government over a handful of lady ? albert apparently . ernest then she 's a fool . albert no . she be not a fool . but she have listen to a fool . ernest then she have better change she advisor . or thing will get worse before they get better . 101 int . the royal BOX . covent garden . night . 101 the advisor in question , Melbourne , sit with the Queen . lehzen and the duchess of sutherland be with they . suddenly , as the singer take a breath in the dazzle aria ... woman ( v.0o . ) Mrs. Melbourne ! ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 74 101 continued : 101 the auditorium be stunne . even the singer falter but recover . melbourne good God ! what be we come to ! victoria who be it ? I do not see . melbourne the duchess of montrose . they stare at each other . the Queen be be boo by a duchess . melbourne that 's the end to she career at Court , I hope . victoria if I ban everyone who think I wrong , you and I will be alone in the ballroom . she study he face for a moment . victoria and I be not that sure about you . she look back towards the stage and spot she mother in a box further along the Grand tier. conroy and flora be there . flora seem to look first at the woman who shout , then at Victoria and finally to whisper with conroy and laugh . victoria God in heaven , be there no way to be rid of they ? the question be rhetorical , but lehzen follow she gaze . lehzen I should not say . duchess of sutherland no , you should not . Victoria be take aback , but the duchess try to explain . duchess of sutherland there 's a story do the round , ma'am . I be sure we should give it no credence , victoria thank you . now will you go on , lehzen . ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . 101 continued : ( 2 ) lehzen in June , Lady flora hastings come home from Scotland with Sir John conroy . they be three day on the road , alone . she bend to whisper in Victoria 's ear . victoria what ! lehzen whisper again . Victoria stare as if she be mad . lehzen just look at she waist . the Queen stare at the hate face . 102 deleted . 103 deleted . 104 int . victoria 's sitting room . buckingham palace . day . Queen and Minister be with a smug-look man in black . sir jame clark let I just say that I hope she be secretly marry . Victoria pretend shock but of course she be delighted . victoria thank you , Sir James . I appreciate you honesty . sir jame clark T do not know it for certain , you majesty . I have not examine she . she would not let I . it be only my opinion . victoria of course . thank you , Sir James . the interview be over and he leave . Victoria give Melbourne a satisfied look . he , by contrast , be not happy . 105 . deleted . page . 75 101 102 103 104 105 * 106 107 107a 107b 107c the Young Victoria , pink revision , &th aug , 2007 . page , 76 int . passage . buckingham palace . day . 106 footmen and maid be listen . they scramble as a door burst * open and Lady flora hurry past without a word . she be in hell . the duchess stand , helpless in the open doorway . * montage . int . albert ’‘s room . rosenau . night . 107 Victoria and Albert be write and read letter to each other . we cut back and forth so rapidly that it be as if they be converse , but the change of scene , inside and out , and the different costume show that time be pass . Albert , concerned , be write at he desk . albert ( v.0 . ) I worry that you feeling towards you mother may be clouding you judgement . montage . int . victoria's sitting room . buckingham palace . day . 107a Victoria be at she desk , Albert 's letter in front of she . victoria ( v.0 . ) surely even my mother might object to the palace be a house of ill repute ! montage . ext . garden . rosenau castle . day . 107b Albert be out walk , read as he go . victoria ( v.0 . ) of course view differ on this thing . Madame du Barry be a prostitute and yet the King of France find she company congenial . I however should not ! which make Albert throw back he head and laugh . montage . int . victoria's dressing room . buckingham palace . day . 107c : Victoria be be dress by Watson as she read . albert ( v.o . ) but you have ban Lady flora from Court , * before anything 's be prove against she . * that be what people dislike . * ( continued ) 107 '' 107d 108 whe Young Victoria , pink revision , &th aug , 2007 . page.77 continued : 107c Victoria look up and speak aloud , startling Watson . victoria it will be prove ! she read on . albert ( v.0 . ) could you not wait until it be ? montage . int . albert 's room . rosenau . day . . 107d now Albert be be dress by he valet . he be also read . victoria ( v.0 . ) now they tell I that Lady flora mean to fight it out in public . which be too typical and vulgar to be believe . int . victoria's bedroom . buckingham palace . night . 108 Victoria be read the answer from Albert . albert ( v.o . ) it may be vulgar , or typical , my dearest Victoria , but it do not make she guilty . she half crumple the letter , throw it down . then she look up , startle by lehzen who , still as ever , stand in the doorway . 7 victoria well ? lehzen there be a swell , no doubt about it , but no bigger than it be a month ago . lehzen see Albert 's letter . it do not please she . lehzen do you think it be all a trick to catch we out ? victoria tf it be , then it work ... Victoria be as cold as ice . clearly she blame lehzen . a envelope have be slip under the door . lehzen pick it up . ( continued ) 108 109 109a 109b 109 '' the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 78 continued : 108 lehzen from you mother . Victoria take it but do not answer or even look at she governess , who go . Victoria sit for a moment , alone . dash have be watch and now he jump up , but she push he away . victoria oh , get off I ! the dog , hurt and bewilder , shrink back as she mistress drift to the window , with the letter from she mother in she hand . we do not see she face as she read . duchess of kent ( v.0 . ) my dearest child , you will not let I come to you , and that I may deserve . but however you resent I , however I have fail , I be still , and always , you mother . what trouble you , trouble I . what please you , please I . I love you , and my only prayer be that , one day , you will understand how much . good night , mein lieble , you own mama . the candle lend a ghostly quality to the room . below , angry crowd hover . Victoria sit , she head in she hand , and start to weep , gently at first , but then with rack sob . montage . int . king leopold library . laeken palace . day . 109 Leopold , stockmar and Albert study a newspaper . a letter in it be head '' grave injustice . '' it be sign by Lady flora hastings . montage . int . a wall in london . day . 109 a the letter , cut out , be pin on the clipping wall . montage . int . king leopold 's library . laeken palace . day . 109b King Leopold be look at a vicious cartoon of Victoria bully * the duchess of Kent and Lady flora . he cover he face as he hand * the newspaper to Albert . montage . int . a wall in london . day . 109 c the cartoon be be pin to the wall . 109d montage . int . house of common . day . 110 aii 112 113 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 79 109d another cartoon , this one of Melbourne and Victoria trample Lady * * flora in the dust . except that it be not on the wall , but in Melbourne 's hand . he hold a newspaper and stare at it . victoria ( v.0 . ) I have have a letter from King Leopold . ext . the garden of buckingham palace . day . 110 Melbourne and Victoria be walk . he wait to hear . victoria he propose another visit by Prince Albert . melbourne what have you answer ? victoria nothing yet . and now , at last , the Minister question he own judgement . melbourne perhaps you should let he come . she be visibly relieved by this but also defensive . ext . entrance court . buckingham palace . day . 111 a hostile crowd have gather outside the palace . some news be * make they angry . as usual , Edward Oxford be among they . * deleted . 112 int . victorta 's drawing room . buckingham palace . day . 113* the Queen be listen as two actor play a scene from ' Richard ii 's , * with the duchess of sutherland and some lady . actor not all the water in the rough rude sea can wash the balm from a anoint king . ( continued ) 113 114 115 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 80 continued : 113 at this moment , duchess of sutherland be amaze to see conroy * hover in the doorway . she break away to go over to he . as they * talk , the scene continue . * duchess of sutherland Sir John , what on earth be you do here ? conroy I must speak to the Queen . duchess of sutherland you know that 's quite impossible . he lower he voice . a roar from the crowd outside send unease rippling through the room . during this , the act continue , as * the duchess return to she chair next to the Queen . * duchess of sutherland . * Lady flora hastings be die . * Victoria turn to she , aghast . * duchess of sutherland it 's true . Cancer of the stomach . Victoria be stunne . she stare at the duchess . the actor be in * agony . hesitantly , glance at each other , they continue . * there be a crash . a brick have be throw through the window , * shower the company with glass . the actress scream , but Victoria * look back at the duchess with horrible clarity . victoria what have I do ? int . westminster abbey . night . 114 the Queen kneel , alone in the vast abbey . a equerry , a night watchman and the duchess of sutherland stand in a side aisle watch . Victoria , eye heavenward , beg for forgiveness . int . lady flora 's bedroom . buckingham palace . day . 115 the light be dim and the curtain close . Victoria be in the doorway . the shrunken figure of Lady flora be on the bed . a older woman stand by she stiffen as Victoria approach . lady flora you remember my mother , you majesty . ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 81 continued : 115 victoria indeed . Lady hastings . marchioness of hasting you majesty . she curtsy slightly , she manner as stiff as a board . lady flora would you leave we , mama ? just for a moment . the marchioness be reluctant but she go . victoria she hate I . since this be clearly true , flora do not answer . victoria I have come to apologise . I wish what I have do could be undone . lady flora but it can not be undone . they stare at each other , Queen and invalid . then flora take a painful breath . lady flora well , well ... I be not on my deathb because of you cruelty ... she study the Queen , who be truly at a loss . lady flora we never like each other much , you and I . at this , Victoria make to protest , but flora cut she off . lady flora I beg you pardon , ma ’am , but you will allow that honesty be the privilege of the die . which Victoria do not disagree with . lady flora you think I cold and snobbish and lodge in Sir John conroy 's pocket . ( continued ) 115 116 ' the youmg Victoria , pink revision , 6th aug , 2007 . page . 82 continued : ( 2 ) 115 she wait but Victoria say nothing , because this be true . her silent acceptance seem to please Lady flora , who nod . lady flora I think you naive and headstrong and too young for the position you occupy . and we be both right in part . but not entirely . victoria Recent event would seem to bear out you verdict , anyway . lady flora you have be foolish . you devotion to Lord Melbourne and you anger at you mother both corrupt you judgement . but you have also show the world you strength . this be difficult for Victoria but she accept the criticism . victoria I think the world would use a different term . lady flora for good or i11 , you have bring down a government , ma'am ! we have almost have riot in the street ! there 's power in you ! in you , and not just in the Crown . more power than I ever imagine . leave off this silly game of favouritism or revenge , and harness it ! victoria will they still let I ? lady flora you subject may be angry , but they have not do with you yet . just let you childish anger die with I . turn you mind to the work ahead ... for you be still at the start of a great adventure . the two enemy look at each other . there be peace in flora 's eye , guilt in Victoria 's . the melody of '' the swan song '' be hear again , play on a solo piano . int . a wall in a room in london . day . 116 the headline , '' lady flora hasting dead ! '' be pin up . the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 83 116a int . victoria's sitting room . buckingham palace . day . 116 a 117 see from behind , Victoria be seat at she piano . we hear schubert 's melody but , as we close in , we realize that she be not play . she 's look at schubert 's music , as she hug she dog . int . carriage . day . 117 Victoria in sober mood be with Melbourne . there be man and woman on the pavement but no cheer . victoria T be not forgiven yet . melbourne not yet but soon . just wait for unseasonal weather or the news of a elopement , and all will be forget . she look at he . be she waking up at last ? victoria you do not have a very high cpinion of ordinary people , do you , Lord Melbourne ? melbourne with respect , I have live much longer than you majesty . she do not answer this . instead , she think for a moment . victoria I say once I do not understand whose task it be to see to the public welfare . for once , he do not jest . he want she to understand . * melbourne ma’am , in my lifetime I have see what happen when the rabble be empower . believe I , they do not profit from it , any more than the king they overthrow , and - eh of victoria Lord Melbourne . I want a report on live condition , on parish benefit , on housing ... all of it . and by the end of the month . ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 84 117 continued : 117 Melbourne look at this young woman , know what this mean . his child pupil be grow up and he will lose she . melbourne very good , you majesty . 118 int . albert 's room . rosenau castle . coburg . day . 118 a valet pack under Albert 's supervision , watch by Ernest . ernest after what Melbourne and conroy have do to ruin she , she will welcome you proposal like the sun in May . albert she will not . for I can not propose . Ernest do not understand what he brother be talk about . albert she must ask I . I can not ask she . how absurd be that ? but Ernest have something important to say . ernest when you get there , do not be a spy or uncle Leopold 's puppet . it 's you life , Albert . live it . for yourself and for Victoria . albert we uncle would not thank you for that . ernest I do not care . I do not love he . Albert be more touch by this than he can say . awkwardly , he throw a playful punch at he brother . Ernest return it . before they abandon the pretence and hug each other . 119 int . gallery and statrcase . buckingham palace . day . 119 Victoria walk with lehzen in a gallery . Victoria smile first . lehzen smile back , relieved to be forgiven . ( continued ) 119 120 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 85 continued : 119 lord chamberlain * his serene highness Prince Albert of saxe — coburg and gotha . the Prince enter the gallery in a travel costume of dark green * coat , with tight , pale , buckskin trousers and high boot . as he climb , around he leg weave two superb greyhound . it be almost impossible for a male human to be this handsome ... int . blue closet . windsor castle . day . 120 Victoria pace restlessly in the pretty little room . on a table be * two or three open , red box , with crest on the lid and papers , dense with write and figure and order , spilling out . she hear a noise in the passage and hastily sit on a sofa . the door open * and Albert enter . he be clearly as nervous as she be . * albert I only just get you note . I be riding . victoria I envy you . * smiling , she nod at the paper detritus on she write table . victoria sit. please ... here . he do . they be side by side now . but she be still not sure how to steer the conversation around . nor be he . albert the park be marvellous . victoria I be so pleased you like it . I do want you to be quite at home ... be this it ? maybe . he look at she , wait . here go . victoria I think you must be aware why I wish you to come here ... because it would make I happier than anything - too happy , really - if you have agree to what I wish ... now , surely , it 's acceptable for he to weigh in . albert and stay with you ? ( continued ) 120 121 122 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 86 continued : 120 victoria and stay with I . albert and marry you ? victoria and marry I . this last speech have come out in a kind of share , gasp , tumble rush , but they have reach they destination and there be passionate relief as he take she in he arm and , at last , kiss she properly . int . chapel royal . ST . jame 's. day . 121 they stand before the altar , Victoria and Albert watch by many of * we principal character . the archbishop preside . * archbishop I now pronounce you man and wife . Victoria blushes with pleasure . int . victoria's bedroom . windsor . night . 122 Victoria be in bed alone . there be a knock on the door . victoria come in . the door open and there be Albert in a dress gown . he shut the door behind he . it be a moment of exquisite , sweet awkwardness . he walk to the window , peer out . albert I feel more at ease in Windsor . it remind I of Rosenau . she look at he . he be fumble . albert it 's much larger , of course . victoria I have not always be so fond of it ... I will be now ... he come and sit on the bed . gently , he take she hand . ( continued ) 122 123 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 87 continued : 122 . albert alone at last . they laugh , nervously . then he become serious . albert I must tell you that I will do everything in my power not to disappoint you . use I . draw on I for help , with any task that lie ahead . there be something awkward here . they expectation do not mesh . victoria shhhh . just love I . now . she take he face in she two hand and kiss he . this side of thing at least will clearly not be a problem . int . duchess 's drawing room . buckingham palace . day . 123 outside the window be the sound of cheer . the duchess sit at she desk . conroy stand nearby hold a letter . conroy it 's not complicated . it say you have no money . duchess of kent but that 's impossible ... be not it ? you would have know if ... conroy why do you open it ? I always deal with the letter from you banker - there be a shout from the cheer crowd outside . conroy can not they keep they quiet ? someone should tell they the Queen be at Windsor . he walk to the window and look down , suddenly pensive . conroy how changeable they be ... they hate you . they love you . they hate you . duchess of kent they do not hate she . they punish she . but they never hate she . ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , @th aug , 2007 . page. 88 123 continued : 123 she look at the picture of herself and she lose child . conroy and now she be a bride and back on top . until the next mistake . he sigh . when he speak , he tone be genuinely wonder . conroy what on earth have I do with my life ? he glance at she , aimost as if she be a stranger . conroy I have many gift , you know . as a boy , I be tip for success . duchess of kent you have serve I faithfully . he look at she , this foolish woman . the think that this be all he have achieve be suddenly preposterous . conroy and what be that ? for a second , she say nothing . then , with one wide gesture , she sweep everything on she desk to the ground with a loud crash , papers , candle , inkwell , book , everything . conroy be shocked and stunne . in silence , she stand and leave . 124 . int . victoria's bedroom . windsor castle . day . 124 Albert be asleep , watch with wonder by Victoria . she reach over to arrange he hair . he open he eye . victoria now I know I be quite marry . albert and when we be old , and surround by we child , we will remember this as the day we life begin . he stroke she cheek tenderly . but she protest . victoria not too surround , please . and not too soon . ( continued ) 124 125 126 the Young Victoria , pink revision , @th aug , 2007 . continued : albert oh ? I should warn you that I be expect a very large family ! and he seize she in a tangle of sheet and giggle . int . passage . windsor castle . day . Watson be walk down the passage with some linen , when she be surprised by lehzen , stand motionless in the shadow . lehzen have you wake her majesty ? watson no , m be . lehzen do not you think you should ? watson no , m be . not this morning , I do not . she walk on , leave lehzen seethe with jealousy . int . victoria 's bedroom . windsor . day . page . 69 124 125 126 Victoria sit on the edge of the bed in she nightdress , as Albert kneel before she , roll she stocking up she leg . albert let 's take a little tour together and visit Scotland . I hear if any part of Britain be like Germany , it 's the highland of Scotland . victoria yes , we must . one day . albert no . I mean straight away . now . victoria now ? albert only for a few week . you be a bride . they can not expect you back before that . ( continued ) 126 127 128 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 50 continued : 126 victoria dearest , I may be a bride but I be also a queen . I can not be away more than three day at the most . this be disappoint . but he do not wish to spoil thing . instead , he start to take she stock off again . victoria what be you do ? albert well , if we have only get three day ... ext . windsor great park . day . 127 they gallop through the great Park , and they be a impressive pair , she riding side - saddle in she velvet habit and plume hat , and Albert in he romantic costume . they rein in . later , they be alone by a stream , horse tethere nearby . Albert 's head be in Victoria 's lap and she stroke he hair . albert * I ought to warn you of my chief weakness . I never leave enough time for play . victoria but you will have all the time in the world . I wish I could say the same . * before he can quite register this , they be kissing and laugh . * int . victoria's bedroom . buckingham palace . night . 128 the Queen be in bed wait for Albert to join she . he come in , remove he dress gown . albert we really should end the quarrel with you * mother . * he climb into bed . her answer , when it come , be very calm . victoria I can not while Sir John conroy remain in she household . ( continued ) 128 the Young Victoria , pink reviston , &th aug , 2007 . page . 91 continued : 128 albert then we will get rid of he . she seem to study he face , which he take for agreement . albert we power lie in we example , and we can hardly present ourselves to the british as a ideal family if we be tear apart by Civil War ! again , he smile , half joke . for a moment , she be silent . when she do speak , she tone be totally alter . victoria they warn I of this . albert of what ? victoria let I make one thing clear . I will not be govern . I will not be manage . I will not be control ! albert * can not I have a opinion ? victoria no ! yes , but ... for eighteen year I could * not breathe , I could not dress or bathe or * walk down stair without permission ! I be not a child and I will never live that way again ! albert I do not want a child ! quite the reverse ! . victoria then do not lecture I on politics or my mother or anything else ! I may be Queen of England . but you be not the King ! there be a deep pool of silence . * albert well , now that 's clear , may I ask what exactly be I suppose to do ? it be a good point . 129 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page .92 int . victoria's sitting room . buckingham palace . night . 129 Victoria work at she Red box . lehzen and the duchess of sutherland embroider . Albert stroke dash and read a newspaper . * Victoria stop , bite the end of she pen . lehzen what be it ? the Queen shake she head , lay the document aside . victoria just a question for Lord M. albert could i. help ? victoria it all keep . she do not see how dismissive this be , in front of the other . in exasperation , Albert stand and go to the window . albert why be this window so dirty ? I can hardly see out . victoria same as the fire , I be afraid . the department can not agree to wash inside and out at the same time . albert then why not do something about it ? . duchess of sutherland I quite agree . lehzen because it 's the way thing be do here and it 's work well for many year . albert meanwhile , we live in a filthy , freezing house . lehzen we live as guest of the Queen . it be a reprimand which he do not take kindly . ( continued ) 129 130 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 93 continued : 129 albert thank you , baroness , for remind I I be a guest here . with a curt bow , he leave . Victoria stand to follow . lehzen let he go . it always take time to get use to a new uniform . at this , the duchess look at lehzen with real dislike , which Victoria see . and it make she think . ext . buckingham palace garden . day . 130 Victoria be walk with Queen adelaide . queen adelaide how 's Albert settling in ? victoria why ? what have you hear ? naturally , this be a answer in itself . out it come . victoria I simply can not please he . nothing 's ever right . all I hear be a litany of my mistake from dawn to dusk . he say Lord Melbourne control I . he say lehzen control I . it seem everyone control I except he ! and he never stop complain he have nothing to do , but lehzen say ~ she break off . queen adelaide what do lehzen say ? victoria only that most man would love a life of leisure and he should be grateful ... she dee not mean to be unkind . queen adelaide oh no . anyone could see that . her tone make Victoria look at she . ( continued ) 130 continued : the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . queen adelaide a man who do no work become ridiculous . and a poor man with a rich wife must work twice as hard as the rest . besides , you have choose well . victoria my uncle William choose well . but you do not take on half he duty . queen adelaide you do not know that . you do not know what I do . adelaide sigh . for once , Victoria be not sure about this . victoria he say he want to reorganise the way the palace be run . queen adelaide then for Heaven 's sake , let he ! and do please tell dear lehzen I say so . Victoria lock genuinely relieved , which be encourage . 131 int . ante room . buckingham palace . day . a servant be lay the table when Albert walk in . the Prince albert what be this for ? footman the Red room dinner , Sir . for the officer guard the King . albert what King ? footman King George III , Sir . albert and how often do we provide this dinner for a king who have be dead for twenty year ? footman every night , Sir . absorb this information . page.94 130 131 % 132 133 134 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 95 int . victoria 's sitting room . buckingham palace . day . 132 Albert enter , disturbing the servant at work . one man remove unused candle from a large chandelier which have be lower . albert that candle be brand new . * the man be silent . the other servant look nervous as the Prince digest another massive waste . he make a note . int . passage . buckingham palace . day . 133 Albert be walk along when he see lehzen laugh with a man who hold a newspaper . they fold it when they see he . albert something amusing ? lehzen nothing , you Royal highness . but the Prince hold out he hand for the paper . a cartoon show Albert count scrubbing brushes : '' one brush per housemaid . any more and parliament will be tell ! '' he hand it back . lehzen people always hate change . albert that 's true , baroness , but mercifully , few of they hate it as much as you de . he go , follow by the cold and jealous eye of lehzen . int . victoria 's bedroom . buckingham palace . night . 134 Albert 's face be as still as stone . so be Victoria 's . the tension be vibrant . be this another battle 's aftermath ? albert you be sure ? she nod and , in a wider shot , Albert walk forward and kneel . pull she to he , he kiss she stomach . the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 96 135 int . victoria's drawing room . buckingham palace . day . 135 the fire burn brightly . Albert and Victoria be with the duchess of Kent , lehzen , Melbourne and adelaide . they clap and cheer . melbourne congratulation , ma'am . you be officially * a ancestor . * Victoria laugh , as adelaide hug she warmly . see this , the * duchess rush forward , overwhelm with delight . duchess of kent mein liebling ! you will say at once if there 's anything you need ! she try to hold Victoria , who pull back slightly . victoria heavens . do not crush I , mama . the duchess , flatten , retreat from the group , look round for she reticule . Albert come over to she . : albert you be not go already ? duchess of kent I can never leave too early for my daughter ... anyway , I have a lot on my mind . albert something I could help with ? duchess of kent just boring thing . albert bore thing be what son - in - law be for . but she kiss he and go . Melbourne have be listen . melbourne and there you have you open . for you next task . if you will take my advice ~ Albert cut he off with a pleasant , easy smile . ( continued ) 135 136 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page.97 continued : 135 albert Lord Melbourne , forgive I but you seem to have confuse I with a member of you club . I be not you drink companion or you whist partner , I be the husband of you sovereign . as such , I will make my own decision and I neither seek nor invite you advice . good evening . Albert walk off , leave Melbourne speechless . int . duchess 's drawing room . buckingham palace . day . 136 open ledger , dense with figure , fill the screen . conroy ( v.0 . ) I can not believe I be be subject to this interrogation ! Albert sit at a table pile high with account book , watch by a furious conroy and the duchess . albert you be not be subject to anything , Sir John . you have be in charge of the duchess 's finances for many year . indeed , you have make public statement testify to they health . conroy I have ! duchess of kent and I be so grateful ... she glance at she implacable son-in - law . she regret this now and she would beg for mercy but conroy spurn she glance . perhaps because he have nothing more to lose . albert all I be ask be that you will be so good as to tell we exactly where the money have go ? conroy 's flushed , furious face tell we precisely where the money have go . but the tragedy here belong to the duchess , who struggle to prevent she tear from flow . she have lose she daughter 's love . and all on account of this worthless man . the Young Victoria , pink revision , @th aug , 2007 . page . 98 136a int . passage . buckingham palace . day . 136 a 137 138 139 Victoria be walk down a passage when she stop short . a door have open and conroy come out . he be dress for travel . he too stand stock still . for a moment , neither speak . then ... conroy as a point of curiosity , would you ever have accept my help ? if I have manage thing differently ? victoria not if my life should depend on it . Victoria 's face and voice could both be carve from stone . victoria Goodbye , Sir John . conroy Goodbye ... you majesty . at long last , the battle be over and Victoria have win . ext . entrance court . buckingham palace . day . 137 a coach be load up . conroy storm out and climb in . the coachman take up the rein . the vehicle rumble off . from a window , the duchess look down as she former favourite be sweep out of she life . further along the facade , Victoria also stare down as the devil of she childhood depart . Albert join she . deleted . 138 int . the white drawing room . buckingham palace . day . 139 at a reception , Albert be with Wellington and Sir Robert peel . Victoria and the duchess of sutherland walk over to join they . albert I have be boring Sir Robert and the Duke with my idea for encourage the Arts . victoria do Sir Robert care for such frivolity ? her tone be soft . but hostile . his reply , if anything , be harder . ( continued ) 139 continued : the Young victoria , pink revision , 8th ang , 2007 . peel I have many interest , ma'am . and my government would support the Prince 's plan wholeheartedly . victoria you government ? what government be this ? peel I mean if I should be fortunate enough to form another government , ma'am ... Albert decide to throw some oil onto this troubled water . albert and when he do , there will be no repeat of the old problem . some of you lady have already agree to resign . Sir Robert will ask for no more change than that . page . 99 139 * Victoria look at he and then glance at the duchess who nod , as * if even she be in on this decision . Victoria be silent and smile pleasantly . peel smile back . 140 int . victoria's bedroom . buckingham palace . night . the Queen be incandescent with anger . victoria how dare you speak in that way to I before they ! how dare you talk across I as if I be a child ! albert I do no such thing ! victoria oh no ? you have sort this ! you have sort that ! you and Sir Robert ! you and the Duke ! and all without reference to I ! albert I think you would be pleased . victoria I will tell you what you think ! you think T be a woman , to be petted and pass over and ignore ! 140 ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page.100 140 continued : 140 albert would it be so simple ! then we might avoid more scandal of you make ! victoria have you lose you mind ? but now he be get angry . and he anger match hers . albert do you wonder at it ? less than three year on the throne and you and you precious Melbourne have push the monarchy to the brink of a abyss ! victoria what be my Prime Minister to you ! I have tell you before and I tell you again : you be my husband here and that be ail ! albert it 's quite enough , believe I ! victoria I will not have my role usurped ! I wear the Crown and if there be mistake , they will be my mistake ! and no one else will make they ! no one ! not even you ! he start to answer . then he stop . albert I be leave . before you excite yourself and harm the child . victoria if I do , it will be you fault ! just like the baby ! which , by the way , I do not want ! and you will go when I dismiss you ! he be shocked by she cruelty . he walk towards the door . albert we will talk tomorrow when you be calmer ... and feel more grow up ! victoria you may not go ! I order you to stay here in this room ! he continue and put he hand on the doorknob . ( continued ) 140 141 142 143 144 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . continued : ( 2 ) victoria I be you Queen and I be tell you to stay ! she be scream at he . he speak softly in the doorway . albert goodnight , Victoria . he be go and she be leave enraged , humiliate , bewilder . ext . entrance court . buckingham palace . day . there be a open carriage wait , complete with equerry and a couple of mount guard . the Queen and Prince Albert be ready for a drive . but not speak . at last she address he . victoria there 's no necessity for you to accompany I . albert I have say I '1l come with you . so I will come with you . they say nothing more and climb into the carriage together but apart . the guard swap a quick look . the coachman take up the rein and they move off . deleted . deleted . ext . constitution hill . day . the carriage bowl up the leafy road . rider in the park gallop page . 101 140 141 142 143 144 over to wave . so do pedestrian . it be a happy scene , but for the iciness between the Royal couple , as they hiss at each other . albert for pity 's sake , smile . or they 's 11 think we have quarrel , victoria then they 'il be right ! ( continued ) 144 145 146 147 148 149 the Young Victoria , pink revision , @th aug , 2007 . page . 102 continued : 144 but Albert have notice something . he seize he wife 's arm . she be outrage at be pull backwards against the seat and struggle to free herself . / victoria what ! Edward Oxford , be aim a gun at the carriage . he shoot . int . duchess 's drawing room . buckingham palace . day . 145 the duchess of Kent suddenly look up from she sewing . a extreme close - up show the hair on she arm stand up . ext . constitution hill . day . 146 Oxford fire again . Men throw themselves upon he , pin he to the ground . the rider , man and woman , angry and excited , forma tangle guard around the vehicle as the coachman yell at he horse and the whole pack gallop headlong for home . int . gallery and staircase . buckingham palace . day . 147 Albert be half drag , half carry through the hall at a racing speed , follow by Victoria . lehzen hurry in . lehzen what 's happen ? what 's he do this time ? victoria not now , lehzen ! she race on , leave the governess alone among the run servant and officer , as panic stream through the Palace . deleted . 148 int . edward oxford room . day . 149 the door of a dingy , back street room be force open and four police officer enter , follow by a harass landlady . landlady what be you do with Mr Oxford 's thing ? what 's happen ? what 's he do ? ( continued ) 149 150 151 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 103 continued : 149 the officer walk in and look around . one notice something above he . then they all look up at the ceiling . every cartoon , every headline we have see pin up , be on this ceiling . * int . victoria 's bedroom . buckingham palace . day . 150 * start on a cu of paper . pull back and reveal Albert in bed with a newspaper . he look daze and tired and he arm be bandage . Sir James Clark stand back and take the paper out of Albert 's hand . * sir jame clark there 's nothing more I can do here . the Prince need rest . the other file out with he , leave only Victoria . she sit on the bed , with she husband 's hand in hers . he look at she . albert I do not think he be a very good shot . thank heaven . they laugh a little with relief . then she grow serious . victoria you save my life . * albert if I do , I have two very good reason . * first , I be replaceable and you be not - victoria you be not replaceable to I . albert . second , you be the only wife I have get or ever will have . you be my whole existence . and I will love you until my last breath . her eye fill . she lean down to kiss he with all she heart . * ext . garden . buckingham palace . day . 151 Victoria be with Melbourne in the garden . melbourne we will lose the vote tonight . I feel you should hear it from I ... how be the Prince ? ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 104 151 continued : 151 victoria much better . we be tell the man be mad . be that reassure ? I can not decide . melbourne May I be honest ? she stop , querying he with a look . melbourne even a politician can be honest sometimes . she nod , take he arm as they begin to walk . melbourne the year spend in you majesty 's company will not be repeat . they have mean a good deal to I . more perhaps than anything else in my long career ... my guidance may not always have be faultless , and I be sorry for it . but I speak now as a true friend . victoria I know . melbourne the Prince be a good man . a better man than any of we know . Victoria be surprised at this , which he see . melbourne he do not think as well of I , but my vanity be not the issue here . he be able and clever . and faithful . let he share you work . take he into you confidence . victoria you know King Leopold plan to use he to influence we policy ? her tone be quite matter - of - fact . he be amaze . melbourne I know that . so do the foreign Office . but nobody think you do . Victoria shrug slightly . victoria every suitor would have come with string attach . ( continued ) idl 152 153 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aag , 2007 . page . 105 continued : ( 2 ) 151 Melbourne smile . the innocent , young girl have become a wise and knowledgeable woman . melbourne one other thing , ma'am . which you will not want to hear ... victoria try I . this day , I value the truth more than I do . in recognition of this , Melbourne take she hand and raise it gently to he lip . which she allow , and then slide she arm through he as they stroll along by the lake , the old statesman at the end of he career , the young Queen at the start of hers . ext . entrance court . buckingham palace . day . 152 another carriage have be load up with luggage for a long journey . this one hold the dour figure of baroness lehzen . she look grimly ahead as the vehicle pull away . int . victoria's sitting room . buckingham palace . day . 153 Victoria be watch this second departure with Albert whose arm be in a sling . she quickly wipe a tear away . victoria I need she so much as a child . albert and soon you will have a child who need you . he hold she to he , kissing she tenderly . then he look at * something . she follow he gaze . * victoria * I hope you do not mind , I have have you desk * bring in . * it 's true . they desk sit side by side . she smile . * victoria it will be so much easier to do the box or see the minister , if you papers be here as well as mine . albert * do not I have any say in this ? * ( continued ) 153 154 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 106 continued : 153 he look serious but then smile . she playfully hit he . * ext . garden . laeken palace . brussel . day . 154 Leopold be with stockmar . he be hold a blue letter , shaking with rage . leopold this be intolerable ! he write that he would prefer not to talk politics in he letter but only to discuss news of the family ! he 's copying she ! stockmar shake he head . stockmar I do not think so . no , they sound alike because they think alike . leopold spare I the language of a lady 's novelette ! but the Baron know he have to help he master through this . stockmar Sir , we must accept it . the bird have fly . leopold I will not accept it ! I have plan this marriage for twenty year ! and now , because of a simple girl and a callow youth , I be to accept that I have fail ! stockmar on the contrary , you majesty , you be to be congratulate ... the wizen , enigmatic , old Baron be smile for once . stockmar for I would say that the whole affair have be a very great success . the open scene music theme start to play as we hear : victoria ( v.0 . ) I will be the judge of that ! is5 156 the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 107 int . victoria's sitting room . buckingham palace . day . 155 a nurse be at the doorway , carry a baby . Albert go to she and take he daughter in he arm . he walk to Victoria , across the room , and give she the child to hold . albert if you trust I in this matter , you will * thank I . Albert kiss he wife and head for the door . victoria I doubt it . he smile as the duchess of Kent walk in . with he back to Victoria , Albert give the duchess a wink and leave . the duchess stand enjoy the tableau of she daughter hold the child . the Queen look up . after a moment , she speak . victoria do not stand by the door , mama . come in . and we leave this mother and daughter , neither quite so apart , nor really together . * * int . passage and reception room . buckingham palace . day . 156 Victoria and Albert be walk together , arm in arm , down a passage . they be in evening dress but they be talk and laugh . then they come to a pair of door , stop , straighten up and nod to the footmen to open they . in that fraction of a second , they have turn themselves into the sovereign and she consort . the company bow and curtsey as they hold they position in the doorway , calm , dignify , the perfect Royal couple . they could be pose for a winterhalter portrait . we freeze frame . it take Prince Albert ten more year before Victoria and she * mother be finally , and happily , at peace . * victoria and Albert reign together for twenty year , and together they would champion reform in every part of they expand empire . after Albert 's death in 1861 , on Victoria 's order , he room be keep unchange and he clothes laid out each day , for the rest of she life . they nine child all marry and among they descendant be the Royal ( continued ) the Young Victoria , pink revision , 8th aug , 2007 . page . 108 156 continued : 156 families of Britain , Spain , Sweden , Norway , Germany , Russia , Greece , Romania and Yugoslavia . the camera close in on Victoria 's face . the Queen survive she husband to be the longest reign sovereign in british history . to date . the end