" the silence of the lamb " by Ted tally base on the novel by Thomas Harris fade in : int . grubby HOTEL corridor - day ( dimly lit ) a woman 's face back into shot , she head rest against grimy wallpaper . she be tense , sweaty , wide - eye with concentration . this be clarice starling , mid - 20' , trim , very pretty . she wear kevlar body armor over a navy windbreaker , khaki pants . her thick hair be pile under a navy baseball cap . a revolver , clutch in she right hand , hover by she ear . she raise a speedloader , in she leave hand , lock it into she cylinder , twist and reload . close on a guest room door , with a small , wire pack attach to its knob . suddenly , wish a sharp crack ! , the knob explode , and the door burst open . with clarice - moving shot as she run around a corner , through a cloud of smoke . she shoulder aside the shattered door and rush inside , gun at the ready in both hand ... CUT to : int . HOTEL room - day clarice' Pov - moving - as she first see , sit on the edge of a bed - a female hostage . Black , late 20' , gag , hand behind she back . then , swivelling ... she see a startle male suspect , white , mid - 20' , stand by a window with a rifle in he hand . he be turn towards she ... clarice drop into a combat crouch , gun extend , and shout . clarice freeze ! FBI ! clarice' Pov - slow motion all natural SOUND suspend - as the suspect face she with a strange , plead expression . the rifle be rise in he hand , but oddly enough , it be hold across he chest , not point . then another puzzle detail register ... the suspect' hand be tape to he gun , away from the trigger ; he could not use it even if he try . suddenly we hear a metallic click , which register with unnatural amplification , as - clarice react , drop to the floor , roll sideways , and - the " hostage " pull a revolver out from behind she back , still in slow motion , raise it in she untied hand . she fire repeatedly , flame leaping from the muzzle ; the SOUND be a echoing roar in this close quarter , but - clarice have come up on one knee , beside a armchair , and be already fire back herself , two quick shot , which send - the " hostage " pitching over the bed , backwards , to shudder and lie still in a haze of gunsmoke . clarice rush to she , clamping one knee down on she gun hand , still keep she cover in case of movement . hold for a few beat ... then we hear the shrill blast of a whistle from somewhere , off screen , as normal action and SOUND be restore . brigham ( o.s. ) okay , people , good exercise ... clarice relax , lowering she gun . the light brighten . pulling back we see that we be in some sort of auditorium , with the " hotel room " and its " corridor " build as a training set . JOHN brigham walk onto this set , thumbing a stopwatch . mid - 40' , ex- Marine . his T-shirt 's lettering say " firearm instructor / FBI Academy . " brigham starl 's reaction time be excellent . let 's break . critique in five . a class of about forty young FBI trainee , of both sex , begin to rise from they seat , mingling and chat . clarice nod amiably to the " suspect " , then give she " hostage " a hand up . it 's ardelia mapp , she roommate . her broad , clever face break into a big smile , as they both remove ear plug . clarice 's voice have just a soft trace of southern accent . ardelia damn , clarice , how would you make I ? clarice ( indicate she gun ) never cock . just squeeze . ardelia ( grin ) I love it when you talk dirty . as brigham join they , clarice can not resist a star pupil 's little smile of pride . he frown good - naturedly . brigham what be you laughin ' at , junior G - man ? she get off four round to you two . he take out a steel - coiled grip flexer , drop it onto she palm . brigham ( continue ) one hundred rep , each hand , every day . now tidy up , the section Chief want to see you . he nod a direction , then move off . clarice , with she smile finally fade , look out into the auditorium . special agent jack crawford sit on the top step of the aisle , look down at she . he be 53 , strongly build . he rise impassively , exit through the back door . he carry a think manila envelope under one arm . ardelia who be help clarice unbuckle she bullet - proof vest , follow she worried gaze . clarice what would I do ? ardelia stay cool . just remember to call he " God . " CUT to : ext . FBI academy ground , quantico , virginia - day Crawford be watch a group of trainee on the fire range , as clarice join he . he look tired , haunt . between master and student , we sense a subtle , mute tug of sexuality . crawford starl , clarice M. , good morning . clarice good morning , Mr. Crawford . crawford you instructor tell I you be do well . top quarter of the class . clarice I hope so . they have not post anything . crawford a job 's come up and I think about you . not really a job , more of - a interesting errand . walk I to my car , starl . they begin to cross the academy grounds . a group of trainee jog by , in match sweat , follow a p.e. coach . crawford we be try to interview all of the serial killer now in custody , for a psychobehavioral profile . could be a big help in unsolve case . most of they have be happy to talk to we . they have a compulsion to boast , this people ... do you spook easily , starl ? clarice not yet . crawford you see , the one we want most refuse to cooperate . I want you to go after he again today , in the asylum . clarice who 's the subject ? crawford the psychiatrist - Dr. hannibal lecter . clarice stop walk , go very still . a beat . clarice the cannibal ... Crawford do not respond , except to study she face . clarice yes , well ... okay , right . I be glad for the chance , sir , but - why I ? crawford you be qualified and available . and frankly , I can not spare a real agent right now . he walk on again , at a faster clip . she hurried to keep up . crawford I do not expect he to talk to you , but I have to be able to say we try ... lecter be a brilliant psychiatrist , and he know all the dodge . ( hand she the manila envelope ) dossier on he , copy of we questionnaire , special id for you ... if he will not talk , then I want straight report . how 's he look , how 's he cell look , what 's he write ? the director himself will see you report , over you own signature - if I decide it 's good enough . I want that by 0800 Wednesday , and keep this to yourself . they be reach he car . his driver stamp on a cigarette , climb in behind the wheel . burroughs , he assistant , say something into a walkie-talkie , then open the back door . but Crawford pull she aside , a hand on she shoulder . his intensity be scary . crawford now . I want you full attention , starl . be you listen to I ? clarice yes sir . crawford be very careful with hannibal lecter . Dr. chilton at the asylum will go over the physical procedure use with he . do not deviate from they , for any reason . you tell he nothing personal , starl . believe I , you do not want hannibal lecter inside you head ... just do you job , but never forget what he be . clarice ( a bit unnerve ) and what be that , sir ? chilton ( v.o. ) oh , he 's a monster . a pure psychopath ... CUT to : int . chilton' office - baltimore state hospital for the criminally insane - day close on a id card hold in a male hand . clarice 's photo , official - look graphic . it call she a " Federal investigator . " chilton ( o.s. ) it 's so rare to capture one alive . from a research point of view , Dr. lecter be we most prize asset ... dr . frederick chilton look up from she card . a smarmy little peacock , behind a vast desk ; he 's conceive a instant , hopeless letch for clarice . he smile , stroking she card with he beloved gold pen . chilton you know , we get a lot of detective here , but I must say , I can not ever remember one so attractive ... new angle - reveal clarice now wear a more feminine skirt suit . Hair neatly coiled , elegant shoulder bag , briefcase . he have rudely leave she stand . chilton will you be in Baltimore overnight ...? because this can be quite a fun town , if you have the right guide . clarice try , unsuccessfully , to hide she distaste for he . clarice I be sure it 's a great town , Dr. chilton , but my instruction be to talk to lecter and report back this afternoon . chilton ( pause , sourly ) I see. ( beat ) let 's make this quick , then . I be busy . CUT to : int . asylum corridor - upper floor - day clarice flinch as a heavy steel gate clang shut behind she , the bolt shoot home . chilton walk ahead of she . chilton lecter carve up nine people - that we be sure of - and cook he favorite bit . we have try to study he , of course - but he 's much too sophisticated for the standard test . and my , do he hate we ! thinks I be he nemesis ... Crawford 's very clever , be not he ? use you . clarice how do you mean , Dr. chilton ? chilton a pretty young woman , to turn he on ? I do not believe lecter 's ever see a woman in eight year . and oh , be you ever he " taste " - so to speak . clarice I graduate magna from uva , Doctor . it 's not a charm school . chilton good . then you should be able to remember the rule . CUT to : int . different corridor - lower floor - day a darker , even grimmer area . heavy grid over the light . distant slamming and faint , hoarse shout . they walk briskly . chilton do not reach through the bar , do not touch the bar . you pass he nothing but soft paper - no pen or pencil . no staple or paperclip in he paper . use the slide food carrier , no exception . do not accept anything he attempt to hold out to you . do you understand I ? clarice I understand . chilton I be go to show you why we insist on such precaution ... on the afternoon of July 8 , 1981 , he complain of chest pain and be take to the dispensary . his mouthpiece and restraint be remove for a ekg . when the nurse bent over he , he do this to she ... he hand clarice a small , dog -ear photo . look at it , she be stop in she track . this please chilton . chilton the doctor manage to re- set she jaw , more or less , and save one of she eye . his pulse never get over eighty - five , even when he eat she tongue . ( pause , he smile ) I keep he in here . he turn , push a button . a steel door buzy slowly open , and barney - a big , impassive orderly - await they in a anteroom . on its wall : restraint , mouthpiece , mace , tranquilizer gun . clarice ( quickly block he ) Dr. chilton - if lecter feel you be he enemy - as you have say - then maybe I will have more luck by myself . what do you think ? chilton ( annoyed ) you might have suggest that in my office , and save I the time . clarice but then I would have miss the pleasure of you company . she hold out the photo . a beat . he grab it , jaw twitching . chilton when she 's finish , bring she out . he turn on he heel , go . barney smile reassuringly . barney hi , I be barney . he tell you , do not get near the bar ? clarice ( shaking he hand ) clarice starl . yes , he do . barney okay . past the other , it 's the last cell . stay to the middle . I put out a chair for you . sense she tension , he indicate a nearby security monitor . barney I be watch . you will do fine . clarice nod gratefully . she look down the long corridor , take a deep breath , walk into it . he watch she go . CUT to : int . dr . lecter' corridor - day moving shot - with clarice , as she footstep echo . High to she right , surveillance camera . on she leave , cell . some be padded , with narrow observation slit , other be normal , bar ... shadowy occupant pace , muttering ... suddenly a dark figure in the next - to- last cell hurtle towards she , he face mash grotesquely against he bar as he hiss . dark figure I c-can sssmell you cunt ! clarice flinch momentarily , but then walk on . dr . lecter' cell be come slowly into view ... behind its bar front wall be a second barrier of stout nylon net ... sparse , bolt - down furniture , many softcover book and papers . on the wall , extraordinarily detailed , skillful drawing , mostly european cityscape , in charcoal or crayon . clarice stop , at a polite distance from he bar , clear she throat . clarice Dr. lecter ... my name be clarice starl . May I talk with you ? Dr. hannibal lecter be loung on he bunk , in white pajamas , read a italian vogue . he turn , consider she ... a face so long out of the sun , it seem almost leach - except for the glitter eye , and the wet red mouth . he rise smoothly , crossing to stand before she ; the gracious host . his voice be culture , soft . dr . lecter good morning . cutting between they as clarice come a measure distance closer . clarice Doctor , we have a hard problem in psychological profiling . I want to ask for you help with a questionnaire . dr . lecter " we " be the Behavioral Science unit , at quantico . you be one of Jack Crawford 's , I expect . clarice I be , yes . dr . lecter May I see you credential ? clarice be surprised , but fish she id card from she bag , hold it up for he inspection . he smile , soothingly . dr . lecter closer , please ... clo-ser ... she comply each time , try to hide she fear . Dr. lecter 's nostril lift , as he gently , like a animal , test the air . then he smile , glance at she card . dr . lecter ( continue ) that expire in one week . you be not real FBI , be you ? clarice I be - still in training at the Academy . dr . lecter Jack Crawford send a trainee to I ? clarice we be talk about psychology , Doctor , not the Bureau . can you decide for yourself whether or not I be qualified ? dr . lecter mmmmm ... that 's rather slippery of you , Officer starl . sit. please . she sit in the fold metal desk - chair . he wait politely till she 's settle , then sit down himself , face she happily . dr . lecter now then . what do migg say to you ? ( she be puzzle ) " multiple migg , " in the next cell . he hiss at you . what do he say ? clarice he say - " I can smell you cunt . " dr . lecter I see . I myself cannot . you use evyan skin cream , and sometimes you wear l'air du temps , but not today . you bring you best bag , though , do not you ? clarice ( beat ) yes . dr . lecter it 's much better than you shoe . clarice maybe they will catch up . dr . lecter I have no doubt of it . clarice ( shifting uncomfortably ) do you do that drawing , Doctor ? dr . lecter yes . that 's the duomo , see from the belvedere . do you know Florence ? clarice all that detail , just from memory ...? dr . lecter memory , Officer starl , be what I have instead of view . a pause , then clarice take the questionnaire from she case . clarice Dr. lecter , if you would please consider - dr . lecter no , no , no . you be do fine , you would be courteous and receptive to courtesy , you would establish trust with the embarrassing truth about migg , and now this ham - hand segue into you questionnaire . it will not do . it 's stupid and boring . clarice I be only ask you to look at this , Doctor . either you will or you will not . dr . lecter Jack Crawford must be very busy indeed if he 's recruiting help from the student body . busy hunt that new one , buffalo Bill ... such a naughty boy ! do Crawford send you to ask for my advice on he ? clarice no , I come because we need - dr . lecter how many woman have he use , we Bill ? clarice five ... so far . dr . lecter all flay ...? clarice partially , yes . but Doctor , that 's a active case , I be not involved . if - dr . lecter do you know why he 's call buffalo Bill ? tell I . the newspaper will not say . clarice I will tell you if you will look at this form . ( he consider , then nod ) it start as a bad joke in Kansas City homicide . they say ... this one like to skin he hump . dr . lecter witless and misleading . why do you think he take they skin , Officer starl ? thrill I with you wisdom . clarice it excite he . most serial killer keep some sort of trophy . dr . lecter I do not . clarice no . you eat yours . a tense beat , then a smile from he , at this small boldness . dr . lecter send that through . she roll he the questionnaire , in he slide food tray . he rise , glance at it , turn a page or two disdainfully . dr . lecter oh , Officer starl ... do you think you can dissect I with this blunt little tool ? clarice no . I only hope that you knowledge - suddenly he whip the tray back at she , with a metallic clang that make she start . his voice remain a pleasant purr . dr . lecter you be sooo ambitious , be not you ...? you know what you look like to I , with you good bag and you cheap shoe ? you look like a rube . a well - scrubbed , hustling rube with a little , taste ... good nutrition have give you some length of bone , but you be not more than one generation from poor white trash , be you Officer starl ...? that accent you be try so desperately to shed - pure West Virginia . what be you father , dear ? be he a coal miner ? do he stink of the lamp ...? and oh , how quickly the boy find you ! all that tedious , sticky fumbling , in the back seat of car , while you could only dream of get out . get anywhere - yes ? get all the way - to the f...b... I . his every word have strike she like a tiny , precise dart . but she square she jaw and will not give ground . clarice you see a lot , Dr. lecter . but be you strong enough to point that high - power perception at yourself ? how about it ...? look at yourself and write down the truth . ( she slam the tray back at he ) or maybe you be afraid to . dr . lecter you be a tough one , be not you ? clarice reasonably so . yes . dr . lecter and you would hate to think you be common . my , would not that sting ! well you be far from common , Officer starl . all you have be the fear of it . ( beat ) now please excuse I . good day . clarice and the questionnaire ...? dr . lecter a census taker once try to test I . I eat he liver with some fava bean and a nice chianti ... fly back to school , little starl . he step backwards , then return to he cot , become as still and remote as a statue . frustrate , clarice hesitates , then finally shoulder she bag and go , leave the questionnaire in he tray . but after just a few step , as she pass - miggh cell she see that creature at he bar again , hiss at she . migg I b-bit my wrist so I c-can diiiieeee ! s-ee how it bleeeeeeeds ? the dark figure suddenly fling he palm towards she , and - clarice be spatter on the face and neck - not with blood , but with pale droplet of semen . she give a little cry , touch she finger to the wetness . stun , near tear , she force herself to straighten up and walk on , fumble for a tissue . from behind she , Dr. lecter call out , very agitate . dr . lecter ( o.s. ) Officer starl ... Officer starl ! clarice slow , stop . she shudder , but make the very difficult choice to turn , walk back , stand again in front of - dr . lecter who 's shiver with rage . for a instant he face open , and we catch a glimpse into hell itself . then he 's compose again . dr . lecter I would not have have that happen to you . discourtesy be - unspeakably ugly to I . clarice then please - do this test for I . dr . lecter no . but I will make you happy ... I will give you a chance for what you love most , clarice starl . clarice what 's that , Dr. lecter ? dr . lecter advancement , of course . ( beat ) go to Split City . see miss mofet , a old patient of mine . m-o-f-e-t ... now go . go. ( a smile ) I do not think migg could manage again so soon , even if he be crazy - do you ? CUT to : ext . the hospital - parking lot - day the grim gothic pile of the asylum loom overhead as clarice rush out the front door . she be badly shake , almost stumbling , as she rub at she face . she look around for , and finally , with some relief , spot - her car a old Pinto , park nearby . this image begin to blur ... close on she face , fight tear , as the camera begin to whirl around she , almost dizzily . she be see , in she mind 's eye - in flashback a screen door bang open , on a wooden porch , and a 10 - year old girl - the young clarice - rush outside , down the front step , and run joyfully across she front yard to - moving angle - the girl Pov a car - late 60 's vintage - park in the dirt road . a man , clarice 's father , be just climb out . he 's tall , handsome , and have a marshal 's badge pin on he dark suit . he grin , see she , and spread he arm wide as ... the young clarice rush into they , and he sweep she up in a hug , spin she around , the camera spinning with they , and capture both they laugh face , before we abruptly return to - the adult clarice alone in the parking lot , sagging against she car . her face be bury in she arm , she shoulder shaking . SOUND upcut - a steady , rapid series of gunshot , as we CUT to : int . FBI academy firing range - day clarice , in a combat stance , and wear a sound - muffle headset , be squeezing off round after round at a moving target the silhouette of a man , approach along a track . her shot , tightly group , be all find the center chest . the target stop , quite close to she , still sway . clarice stare at it , deftly work she speedloader . then she put a final , emphatic shot right through the figure's forehead . CUT to : int . FBI academy library - night close on a microfilm monitor - a grainy newsphoto of Dr. lecter , scrawling past , with a accompany story ( " New horror in cannibal Trial " ) , date 1980 . clarice be punch key on the terminal . other trainee study at nearby table . she pause , jotting a note on she pad , as ardelia come by , carry a armful of book . ardelia phone call , clarice . it 's God . clarice thanks , ardelia . moving angle as clarice rise , grab she notebook , and follow ardelia past high metal bookstack . ardelia you miss fourth amendment law . unlawful seizure , real juicy stuff . where be you all afternoon ? clarice plead with a crazy man , with come all over my face . ardelia stare at she , figure it 's a put - on , laugh . ardelia damn . wish I have time for a social life . clarice grin , as ardelia indicate a phone receiver rest on the check - out desk , then move on . clarice pick it up . clarice ( on phone ) Mr. Crawford ? CUT to : int . crawford house - study - night Crawford , in a cardigan , sit in a wing chair in the book - line study of he suburban home . he turn the page of clarice 's memo as they talk . his tone be sharp . crawford I have read you interim memo on lecter . you sure you have leave nothing out ? intercutting clarice it 's all there , sir , practically verbatim . crawford every word , starl ? every gesture ? clarice ( a bit heatedly ) right down to the kleenex I use . ( he be silent ) Sir , why ? be something wrong ? crawford he mention a name , at the very end . " mofet ... " any followup on she ? clarice I spend all evening on the mainframe . lecter alter or destroy most of he patient history , prior to capture . no record of anyone name mofet . but " Split City " sound like it might have have something to do with divorce . I track it down in the library 's catalogue of national yellow page . ( glance at she note ) it 's a mini-storage facility outside Baltimore , where lecter have he practice . she pause , expect some soft of approval for she cleverness . crawford well ? why be not you there right now ? clarice Sir , that 's a field job . it 's outside the scope of my assignment . and I have get a test tomorrow on - crawford do you recall my instruction to you , starl ? what be they ? clarice to complete and file my report by 0800 Wednesday . but sir - crawford then do that , starl . do just exactly that . clarice Sir , what be it ? there 's something you be not tell I . crawford ( beat ) migg have be murder . clarice ( startle , upset ) murdered ...? how ? crawford the orderly hear lecter whisper to he , all afternoon , and migg cry . they find he at bed check . he would swallow he own tongue ... chilton be scared stiff the family will file a civil rights lawsuit , and he 's try to blame it on you . I tell the little prick you conduct be flawless . ( beat ) starl ...? clarice I be here , sir , I just - I do not know how to feel about it . crawford you do not have to feel any way about it . lecter do it to amuse himself . why not , what can they do ? take away he book for awhile , and no jello ... ( a bit softer ) I know it get ugly today . but this be you report , starl - take it as far as you can . on you own time , outside of class . now carry on . angle on clarice as we hear the loud click of Crawford hang up . she stare at she receiver , stung by he abruptness . clarice well God damn it ! you old creep . creepo son of a bitch . let migg squirt you and see how you like it . she slam she receiver into its cradle . angle on crawford as he flip aside she memo , then rise , wearily . he leave he study , flick off the lamp , and pad away in he slipper . CUT to : int . crawford bedroom - night a private nurse , in white , stand mark a clipboard chart , as Crawford enter he tidy bedroom . crawford I will take over , Patricia . you get some rest . the nurse nod , hand he the chart , and go . he glance at it , then set it aside . he cross to - bella crawford who lie in a elevate hospital bed . nearby be a oxygen tank and mask , floral arrangement . her breathe be shallow , very labor . Crawford look down at he comatose wife for a long moment , tenderly brushes a strand of she hair back into place , then bend over to kiss she forehead . SOUND upcut - thunder and rain ... dissolve to : ext . " split CITY mini - storage " - dusk ( raining ) a orange neon sign , streak with rain , identify out location . it loom over a hurricane fence , top with barb wire . Inside , row on row of garage -size , cinderblock shed . mr. yow ( v.o. ) unit 31 be lease for ten year . pre-paid in full ... the contract be in the name of " miss hester mofet . " CUT to : ext . storage unit number 31 - dusk clarice , kneel before a close , roll - up metal door , take a flash photo of its seal padlock . everett yow , a fat , 60ish chinaman , hold a umbrella over they both . he look unhappy . clarice so no one 's be in here since - 1980 ? she open the padlock , use a fat ring of tag key , then set aside both key and lock . mr. yow not to my knowledge . privacy be a great concern to my customer . but , if you say this be a FBI matter ... clarice I will not disturb anything , Mr. yow , I promise . be go before you know it . sling she camera over a shoulder , she tug at the handle , but the door will not budge . another tug , harder - no good . Mr. yow stoops to help , puffing hard , but it 's firmly stick . he sigh . mr. yow we could return tomorrow , with my son . or perhaps some workmen ...? clarice cross to she Pinto , which face the shed , reach in to turn on she headlight . Mr. yow blink in the sudden brightness . then she open she truck , rummage inside , and return with a bumper jack , a flashlight , and a rubber floor mat . clarice would you hold this , please ? she give he she flashlight and camera , drop the mat on the ground , then set the bumper jack in place , under the center of the door . she pump on the jack handle as the door squeal slowly up , but it will not go higher than about 18 inch , despite all she exertion . she spread out the rubber mat on the cement , take the flashlight from Mr. yow , then lie on the mat . CUT to : int . the storage shed - dusk ( very dark ) clarice , backlit , peer under the door . she reach in , make a sweep with she flashlight . we catch shadowy outline - box , then the flatten tire of a car ... SOUND of rain on the tin roof , and other noise , too - small rustlings . Mr. yow 's chubby face appear down beside clarice 's . mr. yow it smell like mouse ... I think I hear they , too - do not you ? clarice turn onto she back , start squirming under the door . mr. yow you be go in there ? CUT back to : ext . storage unit number 31 - dusk clarice pull she head back out again , reach to take she camera from he . she hand he a card , try to appear nonchalant . clarice Mr. yow , if this door should fall down - ha ha ! - or anything else - would you be kind enough to call this number ? it 's we Baltimore field office . they know you be here with I ... do you understand ? mr. yow might I suggest tucking you pants into you sock ? to prevent mouse intrusion . clarice ( beat ) good idea . CUT back to : int . storage shed - dusk ( very dark ) clarice squirm , on she back , through the narrow open . as she squeeze all the way in , she snag one thigh on the metal edge of the door . she curse softly , shine she flashlight on she rip khakis - there 's a small streak of blood . mr. yow ( o.s. ) okay , miss starl ? clarice okay , Mr. yow ... she shine she light around . in its narrow beam , we see - clarice' Pov - upward , shifting spiderweb , everywhere ... high stack of cardboard box ... a few dusty piece of furniture ... the big car , oddly long and tall , cover with a tarp ... suddenly there 's a scurrying of loud musical note . clarice turn , scared , she beam capture ... a old upright piano . mr. yow ( o.s. ) you be play a piano , miss starl ? clarice that be not I . mr. yow ( o.s. ) oh. clarice crawl a bit further . there 's hardly room to stand , but she finally manage to wriggle upright , claw away cobweb , next to the car . holding she light under one arm , she take several flash photo of the shed 's interior , end with the car . then , slinging she camera over the shoulder , she fold back the tarp , rest it on the roof . the result cloud of dust make she cough . the car be a antique beauty , a 1931 Packard . it 's very dusty , despite the tarp . curtain close off the back passenger compartment , but there 's a narrow gap in they . more mousy rustlings . clarice peer in through the gap , aim she flashlight . her Pov - shifting as the thin flashlight beam pick out : the broad back seat ... as open album of lacy , old - fashioned valentine ... a crumpled lap rug , on the floor ... and then a pair of woman 's shiny , high -heeled pump ... above this , the hem of a fancy satin evening gown - and a pair of pale , stockinge leg . clarice recoil , alarmed , then steady herself . clarice Mr. yow ? oh Mr. yow ...? it look like somebody be sit in this car . mr. yow ( o.s. ) oh my ! oh my ... maybe you better come out now , miss starl . clarice not yet ! - just wait for I . ( under the breath ) maybe in about two second . she lean down with she camera , take a flash through the gap , then try the door handle . lock . so be the front door . she look around , aim she light , and locate a tangle of coat-hanger , stick out of a carton of bric-a- brac . she pull out one of this , straighten it quickly , bend the tip into a hook . close angle as she jam this tool inside the join at the top of the back passenger window , then fish around till she can snag the inside door latch , pull up . a satisfy click . clarice open the door - it hit stack box , and will not open far - then very cautiously lean inside , aim she flashlight . her Pov - moving light beam revealing more of the evening gown ... a pair of hand , in white , elbow - length glove - one rest on the lap , the other atop a large , bead , drawstring evening bag ... thick strand of costume pearl over the breast ... and finally the white neck stub of a female mannequin . no face or head . clarice sigh with relief . she take a couple more flash , then very carefully lift out the Valentine album , hold it by the corner , and set it atop the car . then she ease herself inside , onto the back seat , as the spring squeak loudly . one glove hand slide off the lap , brush clarice 's thigh . clarice start a bit , then poke at the glove arm , hard . she peel back a bit of glove , revealing the white , synthetic elbow . she smile , shaking she head at she own jumpiness , as she reach over the mannequin 's lap to loosen the evening bag 's drawstring . a severe human head stare back at she , as the bead material slide away . clarice lurch back , gasp loudly , and several long , heart - pound moment pass before she can make herself look more closely . the head bob gently in a pool of alcohol , in a laboratory specimen jar . it be a man 's head , but grotesquely transformed , by the addition of heavy makeup , earring , and a sodden wig , into a woman 's face . over the year the makeup have smear badly , and the pupil have go almost milky white . clarice stare at this terrible thing , be pleased to find herself quickly regain control . she murmur to herself . clarice well , toto , we be not in Kansas anymore . CUT to : ext . quinn' hospital - parking lot - night ( raining ) a loud clap of thunder , as a flash of lightning illuminate the eerie tower and bar window of the asylum . moving angle on clarice as she climb from she car , run through heavy rain towards the main entrance , where a guard admit she . CUT to : int . dr . lecter' cell and corridor - night ( dim light ) on a noiseless tv screen , a evangelist rant , wave he arm . behind he , a sway choir in gaudy robe . clarice ( o.s. ) it 's a anagram , be not it , Doctor ? pan to clarice , with she wet hair plaster flat , sit on the corridor floor to one side of this tv , which have be station so that Dr. lecter cannot avoid see it . clarice hester mofet ... " the rest of I . " miss the-rest-of-me ... meaning , you rent that place . her Pov he 's lose in shadow ; we can not see he . he do not respond . cutting between they clarice and the darken call - as she try again . clarice you put that - thing in there . paid for it in advance , ten year ago ... why , Dr. lecter ? the food carrier suddenly swishes out of the cell , make she jump up . in its tray be a clean , fold white towel . she hesitates , then cross , take this . clarice thank you . she sit again , rub she wet hair . when he finally speak , he 's on the floor , too - a deeper , hunching darkness in the shadow , occasionally stripe by the flicker tv light . dr . lecter you bleed have stop . clarice how do - ( she stop herself ) it 's nothing . a scratch . dr . lecter why do not you ask I about buffalo Bill ? clarice ( surprised , a beat ) why ? do you know something about he ? dr . lecter I might if I see the case file . you could get that for I . clarice why do not you tell I about " miss mofet ? " you want I to find he . or do I have to wait for the lab ? dr . lecter ( sigh ) his real name be Benjamin raspail . a former patient of mine , whose romantic attachment run to , shall we say , the exotic ...? I do not kill he , merely tuck he away . very much as I find he , in that ridiculous car , in he own garage , after he 's miss three appointment . you would have he under " miss person " - which , in poor raspail 's case , could hardly be more true . clarice if you do not kill he , then who do ? dr . lecter who can say ...? best thing for he , really . his therapy be go nowhere . clarice would not it have be easier to just leave he for the police to find ? dr . lecter and have they clomping about in my life ? oh dear , no ... at that time I still have certain private amusement of my own . ( beat ) how do you feel when you see he , clarice ? May I call you clarice ? clarice scare , at first . then - exhilated . dr . lecter ahhh ... why ? clarice because you be not waste my time . dr . lecter do you have something you use , when you need to get up you courage ? memories , tableaux ... scene from you early life ? clarice I do not know . next time I will have to check . dr . lecter Jack Crawford be help you career , be not he ? apparently he like you . and you like he , too . clarice I never think about it . dr . lecter you first lie to I , clarice . how sad . tell I - do you think Crawford want you , sexually ? true , he 's much older , but - do you think he visualize ... scenario , exchange ...? Fucking you ? clarice that do not interest I , Doctor . and it 's the sort of thing migg would ask . dr . lecter not anymore . ( beat ) surely the odd confluence of event have not escape you , clarice . Crawford dangle you before I . then I give you a bit of help . do you think it 's because I like to look at you , and imagine how good you would taste ...? clarice I do not know . be it ? dr . lecter or do not this all begin to suggest to you a kind of ... negotiation ? there 's something Crawford can give I , and I want to trade for it . I even write to he , offer my help . but he hate I , so he will not deal directly . Dr. lecter slowly turn up the rheostat in he cell . as he light rise , we see that the cell 's be stripped bare . go be he book , drawing , mattress - even he toilet seat . she stand , too , startle . they face each other . dr . lecter punishment , you see . for migg . just like that gospel program . when you leave , they will turn the volume way up . chilton do enjoy he petty torment . clarice who kill raspail , Doctor ...? you know , do not you ? dr . lecter I have be in this room for eight year , clarice . I know they will never , ever let I out while I be alive . what I want be a view . I want a window where I can see a tree , or even water . I want to be in a federal institution , away from chilton - and I want a view . I will give good value for it . Crawford could do that for I , but he will not . you persuade he . clarice ( almost a whisper ) who kill you patient ? dr . lecter oh , a very naughty boy . someone you and Jack Crawford be most anxious to meet . clarice buffalo Bill ...? ( incredulous ) Bill kill he , all that year ago ...? that 's impossible . but Dr. lecter only smile , enigmatically . dr . lecter who be he stalking right now , clarice ? I wonder , do not you ? how many more young woman will have to die , before you trade with I ...? as clarice stare at he , unsure how to respond - dissolve to : int . catherine martin' apartment - memphis , tennessee - night catherine martin take a long toke from a bong pipe . she be 21 , a tall , big -bon , rather fleshy girl with long brown fair . her head be on the lap of she boyfriend , cody ; they be sprawle on a couch in the de of she well - furnish apartment . the tv in on , with low SOUND . catherine this stuff 's givin ' I the munchy . where 's that bag of popcorn ? cody shit . Left the grocery in the car . he start to rise , but she push he back . catherine ' S okay , I will go . she rise , go out the front door . CUT to : ext . parking lot - the apartment complex - night Catherine straighten , with she bag of grocery , shutting she car 's back door . she see , a short distance away - a man stand at the open rear door of a brown panel truck . his right forearm be in a cast and sling ; he be struggle , unsuccessfully , to hoist a armchair into the truck . park nearby , other car , rv , a boat on a trailer . a thin , breast - high fog fill the lot ; arc light make yellow pool . Catherine hesitates , then cross towards the man . catherine help you with that ? man would you ? thanks . his voice be odd , strain , very soft . a fog lamp , set on end on the ground , distort he feature from below . we can not get a good glimpse of he face , but he body be plump , above average height ; he 's in he mid 30' . she set down the bag , then together they easily lift the chair into the truck . man ( o.s. ) let 's slide it up , you mind ? CUT to : int . the panel truck - night he climb inside the truck , ducking under a small hand winch , and grab the chair . she hesitates again , but climb in after he ; together they slide the chair forward , behind the seat . man be you about a size 14 ? catherine ( surprised ) what ? suddenly , in the shadowy dark , he club she over the back of she head with he cast . she moan , slump unconscious , slide off the armchair to lie on she stomach . he pull off he cast and sling , toss they aside , then hop out of the truck , grab he lamp , climb back inside , and pull the door shut . he bend over she face with the lamp . we hear she shallow breathing . man good . he peel back the collar of she blouse , read the size tag . man good . he carefully slit she blouse up the back , with a pair of bandage scissors , peel apart the two halve . there 's no bra strap . he stroke she bare skin delicately , very happily . man gooood ... CUT to : ext . the parking lot - night low angle - close - on Catherine 's grocery bag , as she blouse be toss out beside it . SOUND of the truck 's motor start . the truck back up , one rear wheel knock over the bag , partly squashing it . then be drive away , taillight shrink , as a lone orange roll slowly away from the bag ... dissolve to : int . FBI academy classroom - quantico - day close on a large video screen , where a blurry image gradually sharpen , resolve into two separate piece of fabric . instructor ( o.s. ) electron microscopy reveal fiber " signature " that be nearly as distinct as fingerprint ... clarice sit at a long table , with other trainee . ardelia be beside she . other table and student in the background . each trainee have he own microscope . clarice be tired , but straighten , hearing - instructor ( o.s. ) both of this blouse be wear by victim of buffalo Bill . they be find in two different state , and four month apart . he always slit they up the back , like a funeral suit ... on the screen successively closer view of the cut fabric edge , until we be see individual thread , big as tree limb . the cut match . instructor ( o.s. ) the bunching you see - this compression - be characteristic of scissor cut , rather than a single blade . and , as you see - Bill always use the same pair ... angle on the door as John brigham , the gunnery instructor , stick he head in . brigham clarice starl ! be you in here ? CUT to : int . hallway - classroom build - day clarice and brigham walk briskly down the hall , pass other trainee . he carry a small canvas bag . brigham get you field gear , take stuff for overnight . you be goin ' with Crawford . clarice where ? brigham some fisherman in West Virginia find a unidentified girl 's body . it 's a buffalo Bill - type situation . be in the water about a week , and Jack need somebody that can print a floater . think you can handle it ? clarice ( think quickly ) I will need the big fingerprint kit ... and the one - to-one Polaroid , the cu - 5 , with film pack and battery . CUT to : int . brigham's jeep cherokee - day ( drive ) brigham steer as they pass hangar , park plane , a airstrip . clarice hold a big fingerprint kit and a weekend bag . brigham Jack 's pretty tough on you , be not he ? impatient ... clarice sometimes . brigham he 's get a lot on he mind besides buffalo Bill ... his wife , Bella , be real sick . comatose ... I be tellin ' you about it now , ' cause he may never . clarice absorb this in silence as they stop near a ancient , rather dilapidate beechcraft . its door be open , the twin prop and beacon already turn . brigham turn to she , hold out he small canvas bag . brigham you be goin ' in the field , so you gotta have full kit . take this - it 's my own ... clarice open the bag , stare at the big blue gun nestle in its shoulder holster . she look up at he , touch . brigham wear it , do not ever leave it in you purse . dry fire it whenever you get the chance . and do you exercise . clarice I will ... I promise . brigham listen , I hope you never need a thing I have teach you . but you have get something ... Jack see it , I do too . if you ever need to , you can shoot . she nod , climb out . then she look back in at he . they be both move by this rite of passage , but a little embarrassed . brigham bless you , starl ... CUT to : int . beechcraft plane - day ( flying ) clarice' Pov - out the plane 's window , at the landscape far below . wisp of cloud , a quilt of farm . clarice turn from the window , look at a think folder in she lap . the cover read " case file : / BUFFALO bill . " clarice be moody , distract . she hesitates , then open the file , begin to scan . insert - her Pov Police form , some handwritten ... typed lab report ; we catch word , phrase : " autopsy protocol " , " histamine Analysis " ... grainy enlargement of bullet slug , show match groove ... and then a stack of victim photo . the first one , take from a good distance away , show a nude female body , face down on a pebbly riverbank , surround by bit of litter . clarice hesitates again , then flip this photo to look at the next . it make she flinch , just slightly . quickly she turn through several more photograph , try hard to concentrate . crawford ( o.s. ) he keep they alive for three day . new angle show Crawford stand over she , sway with the plane 's motion . behind he , the open cockpit door , the pilot 's back . Crawford sit , remove sunglass . he rub he eye . crawford why , we do not yet know ... there 's no evidence of rape or physical abuse prior to death . all the mutilation you see there be post-mortem . ( a beat ; he glance at she ) I be hot , be you hot ? Bobby , it 's too damned hot back here ... the pilot adjust a valve . Crawford turn to she again . crawford so . Three day . then he shoot they , skin they - usually just the torso - and dump they . each body in a different river , in a different state , downstream from a interstate highway . the water leave we no fingerprint , fiber , DNA fluid - no trace evidence at all . that 's fredrica bimmel , the first one ... a color photo - in clarice' hand show a pretty , plump - cheek brunette , in she high school graduation cap and gown . she smile at we with touch optimism . crawford ( o.s. ) a big girl , like all the rest . go about 160 ... her corpse be the only one he take the trouble to weight down , so actually , she be the third girl find . after she , he get lazy ... new angle as clarice stare at the girl 's face , move . Crawford pull a map from the file , spread it out . it show the central and eastern U.S. , with widely - space , hand - draw marking . crawford Blue square for belvedere , Ohio , where the bimmel girl be abduct . Blue triangle where she body be find - down here in Missouri . same mark for the other four girl , in different color . this new one , today ... wash up here . ( he mark with a flair pen ) elk River , in West Virginia , about six mile below U.S. 79 . Real boony . clarice there 's no correlation at all between where they be kidnap and where they be find ...? ( he shake he head ) what if - what if you trace the heaviest - traffic route backwards from the dump site ? do they converge at all ? crawford good idea , but he think of it , too . we have run simulation , use different vector and the best date we can assign . you put it all in the computer , and smoke come out . no , this one be different . this one have see we come ... CUT to : int . rental car - day ( drive ) Crawford steer , follow a highway patrol car along a wind mountain road . clarice have the file open on she lap . he glance at she , inscrutable behind he sunglass . crawford talk about he , starl . tell I what you see . clarice ( choose she word carefully ) he 's a white male ... serial killer tend to hunt within they own ethnic group . and he 's not a drifter - he 's get he own house , somewhere . not a apartment . crawford why ? clarice what he do with they - take privacy ... time , tool ... he 's in he 30' or 40' - he 's get real physical strength , but combine with a older man 's self - control . he 's cautious , precise , never impulsive ... this will not end in suicide , like they often do . crawford why not ? clarice he 's get a real taste for it now . and he 's get better at he work . crawford ( a beat ; impressed ) maybe you have get a knack for this ... I guess we be about to find out . clarice ( quietly , evenly ) like I have a " knack " for Dr. lecter ? he study she a few moment , measure she anger . crawford okay , starl . let 's have it . clarice you have not say a word today about that garage . or what I find there . crawford what should I say ? you do fine work . we will wait on the lab . clarice you know . you know from the start that lecter hold the key to this ... but you be not up front with I . you send I in to he naked . crawford ( beat ) be you finish ? clarice he start this - buzzing in I , in my head . he make I feel violate ... you use I , Mr. Crawford . a shadow of regret pass over he face , but he answer sternly . crawford number one . maybe there 's a connection , maybe not . lying and breathe be the same thing to lecter . number two . if I would send you in there with something to hide from he , he would have know it , instantly . he would never have trust you . she start to answer , then be silent . he be right . by now the two car be enter a tidy little town - tree - line street , wooden house , one - story shop , mountain in the background . they slow , turn . crawford number Three , I do not bring you along today just because you can do first- rate forensics . if lecter be become part of this case , you have get the most current read on he . and number four - you do not have to like I , or the way I do thing . but you do have to keep a cool head . especially now ... because from here on out , you will know everything I do . be we straight on that ? clarice nod , silently ; it 's as close to a apology as she 's likely to get . she stare out the windshield . just ahead of they the highway patrol cruiser nose into a curb , next to other police car , face a big white frame house . its sign read " Potter funeral Home . " two trooper climb from the car . Crawford park too , then kill the engine . he turn to she , remove he sunglass , gesture to the case file . crawford ( softly ) you think about he long enough , you get a feel for he ... then , if you be lucky , out of all the stuff you know , one little part of it tug at you , try to get you attention ... you let I know when that happen , starl . live right behind you eye , today . do not try to impose any pattern on this guy . just stay open and let he show you ... one of the trooper , impassive in he sunglass and hat , peer in through Crawford 's window . Crawford nod to he , then turn back to clarice . crawford School 's out , starl . CUT to : ext . sidewalk of the funeral home - potter , west VA . - day SOUND of organ music , as clarice , carry she fingerprint kit , mount some step to the sidewalk . she stop , see - country people in they somber best , filing into the mortuary for a service . the music - " shall we Gather at the River ? " - be issue from the open double door . several of the mourner glance over at she curiously . angle on clarice stare back at the mourner , hearing the music , as a sense memory be trigger in she ... in flashback - low angle , moving as we approach , down the aisle of a country chapel , a open wooden coffin . sad country face turn , look at we from the flanking pews . the b.g. organ hymn be " shall we Gather ...? " the sad , 10 year -old clarice in she best dress , be reluctantly approach the casket . her hand be hold by the plump hand of unseen matron . child Pov on the loom coffin ... closer and closer ... until finally she can see , lie inside it ... she dead father , arm fold , he marshal 's badge still pin to he lapel . crawford ( v.o. ) starl ...? new angle ( present day ) as the grownup clarice turn towards the impatient Crawford . like she , he carry a large case . crawford we be around back . CUT to : int . funeral home - back corridor - day a young deputy , several state trooper , and a sheriff be all wait , as Crawford and clarice enter . the dim , cluttere corridor double as storage space - there 's a treadle sewing machine , a soft-drink machine , a tricycle . the music be closer . Crawford shake hand with the sheriff . crawford sheriff Perkins ? Jack Crawford , FBI ... this be Officer starl . we appreciate you phone we . sheriff ( grim , unsociable ) I do not call you . that be somebody from the state attorney 's office ... ' for you do a thing else , I be go ' find out if this girl 's local . it could just be something ' that outside element have dumped on we . he cast a sidelong , unhappy glance at clarice . crawford well sir , that 's where we can help . if - sheriff I do not even know you , mister ... now we will extend you ever courtesy , just soon as we can , but for right now - crawford sheriff , this , ah - this type of sex crime have some aspect I would rather discuss just between the two of we . know what I mean ? he indicate clarice with he eye . the sheriff hesitates , nod , then let Crawford guide he into a small office , close the door behind they . muffled word from there . clarice burn at this slight , be leave alone with the trooper , who peek at she with shy curiosity . she pull she blazer a bit tighter , self - conscious about she bulg shoulder holster . angle on the office door as , after a few more moment , the sheriff and Crawford emerge . the sheriff , still not very happy , address he deputy . sheriff oscar , run fetch Dr. Akin from the chapel . and tell lamar to come on when he 's do playin ' that music . CUT to : int . embalming room - day Crawford , in one corner of the room , have set up a litton policefax fingerprint transmitter . SOUND of many men' low voice , in background . he be on the phone , and have to speak loudly . crawford I need a six - way linkup ! Chicago , Detroit , Cleveland , St. Louis , Atlanta , and Dallas ... what ?... can you hear I ...? he look around , frustrated by the noisy circus atmosphere . clarice be pull on a pair of surgical glove . she raise she voice , turn up she natural accent by several notches . clarice gentlemen . you officer and gentleman ! listen here a minute , please . there 's thing I need to do for she ... wider angle as we see that the small room be very crowded with deputy and trooper . they gradually fall silent , look at she . clarice ( o.s. ) y'all bring she this far , and I know she folk would thank you if they could . now please - go on out and let I take care of she ... go on , now . the man look at one another , a little bashfully , then begin to to file out , whisper among themselves . as they go , a bright green body bag be revealed , tightly zipped , lie on a porcelain embalm table . it be almost the only modern object in this victorian room , with its glass - pane cabinet and fade wallpaper , decorate with cabbage rose . favoring crawford as he look at clarice with a new degree of respect . Men brush by he , till finally only two be leave : dr . akin , a family g.p. , and lamar , a lean , whiskey - reddene mortician . SOUND of the door close . lamar dab around he nostril with vick vaporub . crawford ( on phone ) we be start . tell everybody to stand by for fingerprint transmission . clarice at a side counter , have turn back to she open fingerprint kit . she be lift out a camera when she hear the zipper of the body bag be slowly open , behind she ... one glove hand fly to she mouth as she react , involuntarily , to the sudden smell . she blink at she reflection in the cabinet glass , then steel herself to turn , look at the corpse . clarice ( pause ; softly ) Bill ... she steady herself by raise she camera , take a flash photo . low angle - looking up , from beneath table as Dr. Akin gently lift aside one of the dead girl 's arm . a piece of fishing line , with multiple hook , be still snag around it , dangle . Crawford lean in for a closer look . dr . akin wrongful death ... she will have to go to the state pathologist at claxton when you be do . ( Crawford nod ) I better - get on back for the rest of that service . lamar will help you . ( shake ) Lord almighty ... he leave , and clarice lean into shot , take another photo . crawford what do you see , starl ? clarice well , she 's not local . her ear be pierce three time each , and she 's wear green glitter nail polish . look like town to I ... close angle on the calf of one of the girl 's leg , as clarice trail the inside of she bare wrist along the skin . clarice ( o.s. ) she wax she leg , I think ... a big girl , just like the other - but she be careful about she appearance ... upward angle again as lamar join they for a closer look . clarice two of the fingernails be break off , and there 's - dirt or grit under the other . she try to claw she way through something ... I will scrape out sample after I have print she . she take another flash , then quickly reload film . lamar they fishhook be set too close together . no wonder the Franklin boy be scared to say they find she . clarice think they be runnin ' a trotline ? Crawford and lamar both look at she curiously . clarice ( to Crawford ) it 's a Fish and game violation . like poach . there 's a big fine . lamar right ... be you from around here ? clarice they do it lot of place . crawford get photo of she tooth . then we will fax she fingerprint to Washington , try to trace she through miss person . side angle - close on the dead girl face stare blue eye , short reddish hair . clarice set the Polaroid , with its special attachment , against the face , while lamar gently retract the lip . each time the camera flash , there 's a bright glow inside the cheek . new angle - chest high as clarice examine a develop print . clarice she 's get something in she throat . she hand the print to Crawford ; he and lamar look at it , as she search in she kit . lamar when a body come out of the water , alot of time there 's like , leave and thing in the mouth . clarice hold up a pair of forcep . she glance at Crawford , who nod . she bend over , partially out of shot , and after a few moment reappear , hold up a small , brown cylindrical object . she turn this in the air , as they all stare . crawford what be it - some kind of seed pod ? lamar nawsir , that 's a bug cocoon . but how come that to get way down in there ? ' less somebody shove it in ... clarice and Crawford exchange a glance . crawford she will be easier to print if we turn she over . lamar , will you give I a hand ? lamar yessir , I will . clarice take a jar from she kit , carefully drop the cocoon inside . SOUND of the men' heavy effort as they turn over the body , off screen . she seal the jar , stare into it at the cocoon . crawford ( o.s. ) starl - what do you make of this ? she turn to look . her Pov low on the corpse 's back , over the shoulder , two neat , triangular patch of skin be miss . new angle - two shot as clarice look at Crawford . clarice I do not know . I do not see that on any of the other girl ... crawford they be not there . get close-ups . clarice raise she camera , lean in for another flash . CUT to : ext . back step of the funeral home - day clarice sit outside , with she head on she knee , drain . she look up wanly as lamar appear , offer she a can of Coke . clarice thanks , I be not thirsty . lamar no , hold it under you chin , there , and on you temple . cold will make you feel better . it do I . she smile , touch , and take the can . when lamar see Crawford come outside , he tactfully depart . Crawford sit beside she ; there 's a brief silence . she soothes herself with the can . crawford when I tell that sheriff we should not talk in front of a woman , that really burn you , do not it ? ( she be silent ) that be just smoke , starl , I have to get rid of he . you do well in there . clarice it matter , Mr. Crawford ... other cop know who you be . they look at you to see how to act ... it matter . crawford ( beat ) Point take . she look at he a moment , then offer the can . he open it . crawford when we get back , I want you to run that bug by the smithsonian , see if they can identify it . maybe it 's get some limited range , or it only breed at certain time of year ... you find it , starl , you deserve the credit . clarice I be wonder if he 's do that before - place a cocoon , or a insect . it would be easy to miss in a autopsy , especially with a floater ... can we check back on that ? crawford ( shake he head ) the other girl be in the ground . exhumation be upsetting for the family . I will do it if I have to , but - clarice then have the lab check raspail 's head . ( he look at she ) Dr. lecter 's patient - have they probe he soft- palette tissue ... they will find another cocoon . crawford you seem pretty sure of that . clarice raspail be kill by the same man who 's kill this girl . and lecter know he . maybe even treat he ... you think so , too , do not you ? or you would never have send I to that asylum . he look at she for a moment , then sip again . crawford before we catch he , lecter have a big psychiatric practice in Baltimore . but he travel all over the country - teach , consulting ... Christ , even testify in murder trial . who know how many potential psychos he turn loose , just for the fun of it ...? dissolve to : int . mr. gumb cellar - day ( dim light ) a shadowy male figure look down at we , lean over the edge of a deep hole . he hold a little white poodle in he arm , stroking it . this be mr. gumb , aka " buffalo Bill . " mr. gumb ( softly ) rub the cream on you skin . rub it in gooood ... catherine martin look up at he . she be stand on the cement bottom of the pit , or oubliette , about 15 foot below floor level . the pit be bare , except for a futon and a plastic toilet bucket , from which a thin string rise up to the basement . she 's soaking wet , in a orange jumpsuit , and hold a squeeze bottle of skin lotion . she struggle to sound calm . catherine mister ... my family will pay cash . whatever ransom you be askin ' for , they - reverse angle - up toward mr. gumb mr. gumb rub it in ! or you will get the hose again . the little dog squirm in he arm , barking excitedly . mr. gumb yes , it will , precious , will not it ? it will get the hose ! side angle - at pit bottom as Catherine kneel , turn slightly away from he . catherine ( under she breath ) oh God ... oh God ... she unzip she jumpsuit , part - way , then squeeze some of the lotion onto a palm . she reach inside she suit , rub it on . catherine mister , if you let I go , I will not press charge , I promise . you have only have I here a couple day , and - mr. gumb ( o.s. ) no. just one day ... catherine be that all ...? see - see , my mom be a real important woman ... well , I guess you already know that . she will pay you , no question ask . whatever cause you represent - Iran , Palestine - she will see that - a sudden blind glare of light silence she . she look up , shield she eye . her Pov a floodlamp be descend , attach to a small basket . mr. gumb put the bottle in the basket . no funny business , or you will be sorry ... new angle - catherine as the basket stop , and she steady it . but as she slip the bottle in , she see something , o.s. , just at the fringe of the light . she hesitates , look closer ... then begin to scream , hysterically , again and again . her outflung hand hit the lamp , and in its sway glare , we see - high on the concrete wall , all around she - bloody finger track dry now , brownish - leave by many pair of frenzied hand ... CUT to : int . clarice' dorm room - FBI academy - dawn clarice be at she desk , exercise she right hand with the grip flexer , while simultaneously study a thick law book . ardelia stick she head in the door , excited . ardelia you better come see this . CUT to : int . recreation room - FBI academy - dawn close on a tv screen , fill with a photo of Catherine Martin . tv anchor ( v.o. ) ... be list at first simply as a miss person , but be now believe to have be kidnap by the serial killer know only as " buffalo Bill . " the photo disappear , replace by the tv anchor himself . tv anchor Memphis Police source indicate that the miss girl 's blouse have be identify , slice up the back , in what have become a kind of grim call card . Young Catherine Martin , as we have say , be the only daughter of U.S. Senator Ruth Martin - clarice look at ardelia , surprised . other trainee be drift into the rec room , some whisper among themselves . clarice stare back at the tv intently . tv anchor ( o.s. ) ... the Republican junior senator from Tennessee . and while she kidnap be not at this point consider to be politically motivate , nevertheless it have stir the government - back on the tv anchor tv anchor ...to its high level , the president himself be say to be , and I quote , " intensely concerned . " just moment ago , Senator Martin make this dramatic personal plea ... senator martin ( tv footage ) fill the screen , in a halo of lens flare , as she speak to a jostling crowd of reporter on the front step of she georgetown home . a tall woman , late 40' , with a strong , taut face . sen . martin I be speak now to the person who be hold my daughter . her name be Catherine ... you have the power to let Catherine go , unharme . she 's very gentle and kind - talk to she and you will see . her name be Catherine ... clarice be move by what she see . other trainee be all around she . clarice ( whisper ) Boy , be that smart ... ardelia why do she keep repeat the name ? clarice somebody 's coach she ... they be try to make he see Catherine as a person - not just a object . on the tv again sen . martin you have a chance to show the whole world that you can be merciful , as well as strong . please - I beg you - release my Catherine ... new footage as we see ( night , telephoto ) - a tape - off section of Catherine 's parking lot . technician , with instrument , be kneel by the crush grocery bag . 2 nd tv anchor ( v.o. ) meanwhile . in Memphis , the investigation continue throughout the night , as state and local authority be join at the kidnap scene by agent of the FBI ... moving angle ( still tv footage ) as Jack Crawford be see stride towards the front door of Catherine 's apartment , follow by burrough and other agent . one of they move quickly towards the camera , wave it back . rec room angle - favoring ardelia as the other trainee send up a brief , ironic cheer . but ardelia turn sympathetically towards the troubled clarice . ardelia I do not know whether to say " I be sorry , " or " congratulation . " but girl ? - you just go prime time . CUT to : ext . smithsonian - museum of natural history - day the massive victorian building loom over constitution Avenue . clarice quickly mount the step , carry a small plastic box . crawford I do not think he know that she 's a Senator 's child . she 's a big girl , starl , like all the rest . we be go on the theory she be randomly target by size ... CUT to : int . museum corridor - day clarice , now accompany by a museum guard , walk through a eerie landscape of dinosaur bone - crouching skeleton with blank eye socket , gape fang . crawford ( v.o . ) by now , Bill 's have she for 36 hour . that leave we just 36 more , before he kill she ... but maybe , just maybe , starl , we catch a real break this time - thanks to you . ( beat ) we find another bug , in raspail 's head . CUT to : int . museum office - day close on a live , enormous , rhinoceros beetle , as it weave its clumsy way among the man on a chessboard , before finally step off the edge , onto a lettuce leaf . roden ( v.o. ) time , pilch ! my move . pilcher ( v.o. ) no fair ! you lure he with produce . wider angle show two entomologist , both 30ish , hunch over the board . roden be a pudgy redhead ; pilcher be lean , quite handsome . roden tough noogies ! it 's still my turn . clarice ( o.s. ) if the beetle move one of you man , do that count ? they look up , delighted to see clarice in the doorway . both man be hopelessly smitten by she . roden of course it count . how do you play ? pilcher ( grin ) Officer starl . welcome back . CUT to : int . entomology corridor - day moving angle as clarice and the two man go briskly down a hall line with mount insect , in all shape and size . roden peer at clarice 's new cocoon , in its box . roden where the hell do this one come from ? it 's practically mush . clarice you really do not want to know . pilcher you West Virginia specimen give we quite a bit of trouble , but I finally manage to narrow he species through chaetaxy - study the skin . roden I be the one who find he perforate proboscis ! be you wear a gun , right now ? ( clarice nod ) ooh , cool ! can I see it ? can I ? pilcher just ignore he . he 's not a ph.d . CUT to : int . laboratory - day very close ( magnification ) on the slice cocoon , as roden use tweezers and a dental probe to ease out the sodden chrysalis . roden ( o.s. ) the whole trick be to remove the chrysalis without destroy it ... the wing be just like wet tissue paper ... the two men be hunch over a formica table , peer through square magnifier into stainless trays . clarice watch curiously . of they two specimen , pilcher 's moth be in much better condition - a big brown creature , its wing outspread on towel paper . pilcher ( without look up ) what do you do when you be not detect , Officer starl ? clarice I try to be a student , Dr. pilcher . pilcher ever get out for cheeseburger and beer ? the amusing house wine ...? clarice ( smile ) not lately . but maybe someday . he look up at she , shyly . a little moment pass between they , before roden straighten , exultant . roden positive match ! clarice you be sure ? roden ( point with he dental probe ) West Virginia ... Baltimore . Officer starl , meet mister acherontia styx . he move aside for clarice to get a closer look at pilcher 's specimen . she lean forward , intently . her Pov ( magnification ) the wide , furry , brown back of the moth . and there , right between the wing basis - wonderful and terrible to see - be nature 's perfect reproduction of a ghostly human skull . roden ( o.s. ) better know to he friend as the death 's -head moth ... pilcher ( o.s. ) the Latin name come from two river in Hell . you man - he drop this girl into river , every time . do not I read that ? favoring clarice as she look up at he , awed , excited , almost tremble . clarice and there 's no way - no natural way - this could have wound up in the body ? pilcher ( shake he head ) they live in Malaysia . in this country , they would have to be specially raise , from import egg . clarice ( pause , then softly ) Dr. lecter ... as the two man stare at she , puzzle , we hear a SOUND upcut - the wail of police siren - and ... CUT to : ext . U.S. route 95 - day ( aerial shot ) a awesome armada of police vehicle swing through a intersection , while normal traffic be hold back by highway patrol cruiser . the lead car turn off , hit the entrance ramp to the freeway - siren go , tire squealing , red flasher ... closer angle on a speed surveillance van , with long antennas and a small satellite dish , near the head of the motorcade . crawford ( v.o. ) maybe we can trace how he busy the bug , start with U.S. custom ... CUT to : int . the surveillance van - day ( drive ) the van be cramme with a impressive array of hi-tech equipment , all clicking and humming . burrough be talk quietly on a scrambler phone , while another agent work a computer . crawford ( o.s. ) maybe we can locate some of raspail 's old lover . maybe , someday ... clarice and crawford sit in swivel seat at the rear , by a big window . clarice can not resit a occasional peak at the trail motorcade , awed and a bit thrilled to be the center of so much attention . crawford but for Catherine Martin , it all come down to you and lecter . you be the one he talk to . clarice he 's already offer to help ... what would happen if we just show we card - ask he for Bill ? crawford he offer to help , starl , not to snitch . that would not give he enough chance to show off . remember , lecter look mainly for fun . never forget fun . clarice but if he know we have so little time - crawford if we act too anxious , he will make we wait . he will let the Senator keep hope , day after day , until Catherine finally wash up . that would be the most fun of all . clarice I think he mean it , this time . I think he will deal . crawford what would it take ? clarice transfer to a new prison . with a view of tree , he say , or even water ... can we swing that ? crawford ( shake he head ) State to federal jurisdiction ... we can do it - eventually - but we will never get all the clearance in time . can you convince he a deal 's already in place ? clarice you will back I up with some paperwork ? ( he nod ) then I will try . but would not this have more weight come from the Senator herself ? crawford ( hesitates ) she do not know what we be up to . and we can not afford to let she find out . clarice look at he , surprised . crawford she 's the mother , starl . she can not possibly comprehend what lecter be . she would make the mistake of plead with he . begging he ... he would feast on she pain till the last second of that girl 's life ... CUT to : int . baltimore state hosp . for the criminally insane - day chilton approach , walk briskly down a corridor in the administration wing . he look quite agitate . crawford ( v.o. ) we can not trust Frederick chilton , either . he 's greedy and ambitious . if he know about lecter 's link to Bill , he 's go straight to the newspaper ... chilton fall into step beside clarice , who have she briefcase . he point he gold pen at she accusingly . chilton what you be do , miss starl , be come into my hospital to conduct a interview , and refuse to share information with I . for the third time ! clarice Dr. chilton , I tell you - this be just routine follow - up on the raspail case . chilton he 's my patient ! I have rights ! ( grab she arm , stop she ) I be not just some turnkey , miss starl . I should not even be here this afternoon . I have a ticket to holiday on Ice . she stare at he , with pity and distaste , till he let go . clarice I be act on instruction , Dr. chilton . ( hand he a card ) this be the U.S. Attorney 's number . now please - either discuss this with he , or let I do my job . she walk away , leave he speechless with frustration and hostility . he click he pen , watch she go . CUT to : int . dr . lecter' cell and corridor - day Dr. lecter sit at he table , languidly sketching with charcoal on butcher paper . he use he own hand and forearm as a model . his other drawing , book , and bedding have be restore . dr . lecter would not you say , clarice , that for a United States Senator , you be a odd choice of messenger ? clarice , sit again at the desk - chair , be take papers from she briefcase . clarice I be you choice , Dr. lecter . you choose to speak to I . would you prefer someone else now ? or perhaps you do not think you can help we . dr . lecter that be both impudent and untrue ... tell I , how do you feel when you view we billy 's latest effort ? ( beat ; he smile ) or should I say , he " next - to-latest " ? clarice by the book , he 's a sadist . dr . lecter life 's too slippery for book , clarice . typhoid and swan come from the same god. ( beat ) tell I , miss West Virginia - be she a large girl ? clarice yes . dr . lecter Big through the hip . roomy . clarice they all be . dr . lecter mmm . and what else ...? clarice she have a insect deliberately insert in she throat . that have not be make public yet . we do not know what be mean . dr . lecter be it a butterfly ? clarice ( pause ; stare at he ) a moth ... how do you predict that ? dr . lecter I be wait for you offer , clarice . enchant I . clarice look down at she papers , take a moment to collect she thought . she look up at he again , evenly . clarice if you help we find buffalo Bill in time to save Catherine Martin , the Senator promise you a transfer to the v.a. hospital at oneida Park , New York , with a view of the wood nearby . maximum security still apply , but you would have reasonable access to book . he be silent . she rise , move closer , carry papers . clarice best of all , though - one week a year you would get to leave the hospital and go here . ( point to a map ) plum Island . every afternoon of that week you can walk on the beach or swim in the ocean for up to one hour . under swat team surveillance , of course ... his face remain neutral . she put the papers in he food tray . clarice copy of the buffalo Bill case file , copy of Senator Martin 's term . her offer be final and non-negotiable . if Catherine die - ( she slide he tray through ) you get nothing . a measure beat , before he rise smoothly , cross , and look down at the papers , without touch they . dr . lecter " plum Island Animal Disease Research Center . " sound charming . clarice that 's just part of the island . it have a very nice beach . terns nest there . dr . lecter terns ... if I help you , clarice , it will be " turn " with we , too . quid pro quo . I tell you thing , you tell I thing . not about this case , though - about yourself . yes or no ? ( she be silent ) yes or no , clarice . Catherine be wait . tick-tock , tick-tock ... she look at he . a beat . they be stand uncomfortably close . clarice go , Doctor . dr . lecter what 's you worst memory of childhood ? ( she hesitates ) quicker than that . I be not interested in you worst invention . clarice the death of my father . dr . lecter tell I . do not lie , or I will know . clarice can not bear the feverish excitement in he eye . she look past he , hesitate again . clarice he be a town marshal ... one night he surprised two burglar , come out the back of a drugstore ... they shot he . dr . lecter kill outright ? clarice no . he be strong , he last almost a month . my mother - die when I be very young , so my father have become - the whole world to I ... after he leave I , I have nobody . I be ten year old . dr . lecter you be very frank , clarice . I think - it would be quite something to know you in private life . clarice quid pro quo , Doctor . dr . lecter the significance of the moth be change . caterpillar into cocoon into beauty ... billy want to change , too , clarice . but there 's the problem of he size , you see . even if he be a woman , he would have to be a big one ... clarice ( puzzle ) Dr. lecter , there 's no correlation in the literature between transsexualism and violence . transsexuals be very passive . dr . lecter clever girl . you be so close to the way you be go to catch he - do you realize that ? clarice no . tell I why . dr . lecter after you father 's death , you be orphane . what happen next ? ( clarice drop she gaze ) I do not imagine the answer 's on that second - rate shoe , clarice . clarice I go to live with my mother 's cousin and she husband in Montana . they have a ranch . dr . lecter a cattle ranch ? clarice horse - and sheep ... dr . lecter how long do you live there ? clarice two month . dr . lecter why so briefly ? clarice I - run away ... dr . lecter why , clarice ? do the rancher fuck you ? clarice ( angrily ) no. dr . lecter do he try to ? clarice no ...! quid pro quo , Doctor . dr . lecter billy 's not a real transsexual , but he think he be . he try to be . he 's try to be a lot of thing , I expect . clarice you say - I be very close to the way we would catch he . dr . lecter there be three major center for transsexual surgery : johns hopkins , the University of Minnesota , and Columbus Medical center . I would not be surprised if billy have apply for sex reassignment at one or all of they , and be reject . clarice on what basis would they reject he ? dr . lecter the personality inventory would trip he up . Rorschach , wechsler , House - tree-person ... he would not test like a real transsexual . clarice how would he test ? suddenly Dr. lecter snarl , loudly , stretch . clarice take a sharp step backwards before he smile , turn he movement into a elaborate yawn . he gather the papers from he tray . dr . lecter that 's enough , I think . happy hunt . oh , and clarice - next time you will tell I why you run away . shall I summarize ? clarice ( shake ) yes , Doctor . please . CUT to : int . mr. gumb cellar - day very close on a cocoon , split along its back , as a live death 's - head moth wriggle torturously free . tremble and damp , the new creature cling to a sprig of nightshade . dr . lecter ( v.o. ) you should try to obtain a list of male reject from all three gender reassignment center ... pulling back we see a big wire cage , hold several of the moth . they crawl over the humus floor or feed at honeycomb , wing pump lazily . in the distant background , the incongruous SOUND of show music . dr . lecter ( v.o. ) check first the one reject for lie about criminal record ... continuous moving angle at about knee level , as we leave the cage , and begin to TRAVEL through this eerie , dimly - light warren of a cellar . as we go - occasionally turning corner , or skirt the dark opening of unexplored passage - various object loom briefly into view , overhead - a stainless - steel work table ... a big sink ... jar of chemical ... neat rack of gleam knife ... dr . lecter ( v.o. ) among that who try to conceal they past , look for severe childhood disturbance , associate with violence ... possibly you will find a childhood incarceration ... then go to they personality test ... we pass a row of female mannequin , some nude , some wear colorful leather jacket , designer knockoff , in various stage of completion ... then a huge maroon armoire , in chinese lacquer ; its double door be slightly ajar ... the jaunty background . music be grow even louder : fat waller sing " bye bye baby . " and now we hear something else , too - the rapid clicking of a sewing machine ... dr . lecter ( v.o. ) Study they drawing , especially . billy 's house drawing will show no happy future ... no baby carriage , out in the yard . no pet , no toy , no flower , no sun ... we turn another corner , and there be Mr. gumb himself . as we approach , he wide back be to we ; he 's hunch over a old - fashioned sewing machine , hum cheerfully , and work a piece of material that we mercifully can not see . a female wig rest near he on a head form . he wear a hairnet and a beautiful kimono , and pump the treadle with he bare foot . dr . lecter ( v.o. ) his female will be more crudely sketch than he male - but he will compensate by add exaggerated adornment ... jewelry , big breast ... and he tree drawing - oh , he tree will be frightful ... next to Mr. gumb be a antique phonograph - source of the music . his little dog , precious , perches by he plump ankle . as we pass Mr. gumb , precious scurries away from he , panting happily , and we follow the little dog down another corridor , the music start to fade behind we ... dr . lecter ( v.o. ) billy hate he own identity , he always have - and he think that make he a transsexual . but he pathology be a thousand time more savage ... he want to be reborn , clarice . he will be reborn ... at the end of this final corridor , the cellar widen into a low - ceiling chamber , with two additional doorway , and in the center of this be the gape circle of the oubliette . precious sniff she way over to the edge - excited , tail wag - than bark happily as we hear a hoarse , ghostly moan from below . catherine ( o.s. ) pleeeeeeeease .....! dissolve to : int . dr . lecter' corridor - day moving angle - close on Dr. lecter 's slipper foot , which rest on the shelf of a roll hand truck . rising along he tilt form , we see that he ankle be link by steel restraint ... he leg , waist , upper torso , and arm be bound by heavy canvas webbing ... beneath the webbing be a strait-jacket ... and over he face be a hockey mask . chilton ( v.o. ) bad news , hannibal ... wider angle show that Dr. lecter , on the handtruck , be be push down he corridor by barney , and back into he open cell . chilton ( v.o. ) gourmet magazine have reject you recipe for braise kidney ... CUT to : int . dr . lecter' cell - day chilton lounge on Dr. lecter 's cot , casually read he large stack of private correspondence , and make notation with he gold pen on a little pad . another orderly mop the floor . chilton perhaps you should have be less specific about what kind . ( to barney ) stand he by the toilet . then leave we . barney prop the hand truck into position , then both orderly go . chilton finish another letter , sigh happily . chilton such a lot of correspondence ! I can hardly wait to analyze it in more detail ... but first thing first . toss letter onto the cot , he rise , cross out into the corridor , and bend to remove a small tape recorder from underneath clarice 's desk . he waggle it triumphantly at Dr. lecter . chilton I think she might be look for a civil rights violation in migg 's death , so I bugge you ... not a word to I in all this year , hannibal . then Crawford send he bit of fluff over here , and you just turn to jelly . it 's too pathetic . side angle - two shot as chilton , back in the cell , lean tauntingly close to the front of Dr. lecter 's mask . chilton you still think you be go to walk on some beach , and see the birdy ? I do not think so , hannibal ... I call Senator Ruth Martin , and she never hear of any deal with you . she never hear of clarice starl , either . they scamm you , hannibal ... close on Dr. lecter 's glitter eye , behind they slit . chilton when Crawford get through milk you , he 's give you to Baltimore homicide for the raspail murder . and they be prepare some special surprise for you right now , in my electroshock room . dr . lecter' Pov ( framed by eye -slit ) first look at chilton 's move lip ... then lowering to he soft , white , invite throat ... chilton the starl bitch want you to rot here , in this little box , till you tooth fall out and you be soiling diaper . you have see the old one , hannibal . they weep when they stew peach get cold . that will be you , too . unless - you trade with I . favoring chilton as he sit chummily on the table . chilton there never be a deal with Senator Martin - but there be now . I have be on the phone for hour , hannibal , on you behalf . here 's what you get : if you identify buffalo Bill , and the girl be find in time , Senator Martin will have you transfer to brushy Mountain State prison , in Tennessee ... close again on dr . lecter' eye as they shift restlessly , away from chilton - then suddenly lock onto something . they widen with interest . chilton ( o.s. ) the Governor have already agree . you get book , a view of the wood , and plenty of exercise time ... dr . lecter be Pov - extreme closeup on the cot , carelessly leave there , lie half - hide under the letter and the rumple sheet ... be chilton 's gold pen . chilton ( o.s. ) and best of all , you would be out of Jack Crawford 's reach , forever . the Senator will verify this term on the phone , and guarantee they in write ... back on dr . lecter as he stare a moment longer at the pen , then shift he eye towards chilton . we can almost hear he brain click . chilton ( o.s. ) in exchange , I get you full cooperation in publishing a professional account of this - my successful interview with you . you publish nothing . and I get exclusive access to any material from Catherine Martin ... so . do you accept my demand ? ( pause ) answer I , hannibal . a beat . Dr. lecter be silent . chilton stick he face into shot , almost intimately close to the mask . he be agitate . chilton you will answer I now , or by God , you will answer to Baltimore homicide . who be buffalo Bill ? dr . lecter ( pause ; then softly ) I will tell the Senator herself . but only in Tennessee ... CUT to : int . johns hopkin - gender identity clinic - day moving angle - as the very impatient Crawford , clutching a folder , stride down a hall beside dr . danielson - early 50' , severe , in a lab coat . nurse , doctor , glance as they pass . dr . danielson I be not have a witch hunt here , Mr. Crawford ! we patient be decent , non-violent people with a real problem . crawford Dr. danielson , the man we want be never you patient . it would be someone you refuse because he try to conceal a record of criminal violence . please , Doctor - time be eat we up . just show I the one you have turn away . danielson enter a cramped , stainless steel nurse 's gallery , with Crawford follow , and pour himself a cup of coffee . dr . danielson ( adamantly ) examination and interview material be confidential . we have never violate a applicant 's trust , and we never will . crawford you want to see a violation ? this be a violation ... he take a black &amp ; white photo from he folder , slap it down in front of danielson . from we angle , we can not see it clearly . crawford her name be kimberly Jane emberg , she be just id would . I meet she on a slab in West Virginia . and sometime tomorrow , or tomorrow night , he 's go to do the same thing to Catherine Martin . dr . danielson that 's a childish , bully stunt , Mr. Crawford . I be a battlefield surgeon , so you can put away you picture . burrough stick he head in , look for Crawford . burroughs phone , Jack . director burke . crawford ( snap ) in a minute ! burrough hurriedly retreat . Crawford strain for patience . crawford look ... search you own record , if you prefer . you can do it a lot faster than we , anyway . if we find buffalo Bill through you information , I will suppress it . nobody have to know this hospital cooperate . dr . danielson I doubt very much that the FBI or any other government agency can keep a secret , Mr. Crawford . Truth will out ... and then what ? will you give johns hopkins a new identity ? put a big pair of sunglass on this building , and a funny nose ? crawford oh , that 's clever , Dr. danielson . very humorous . you like the truth ? try this . ( right in he face , enraged ) he kidnap young woman and kill they and rip they skin off . we do not want he to do that anymore . if you do not help I , just as fast as you can , then the justice Department be go to ask publicly for a court order , we will ask twice a day , just in time for the morning and evening news . and each one of we press conference will focus on Dr. danielson , over at johns hopkins , and how we be still hope for he cooperation . and every time there 's any news on the case - when Catherine Martin float , when the next one float , and the next one - why , we will just issue another press release about good ol ' Dr. danielson , over at johns hopkins - complete with all he humorous fuck remark . dr . danielson ( pause ; stiffly ) it may be that - I could confer with my colleague on this . and get back to you . crawford would you , Doctor ? that would be so kind . CUT to : int . the surveillance van - day Crawford be on the scrambler phone . burrough watch silently . crawford ( on phone ; stunne ) transferred ...? CUT to : int . FBI build - office of the director - day hayden burke , the FBI director , swivel in he big chair . lean , late 40' , very distinguished . his desk be flanke by flag . director burke ( on phone ) already airborne for Memphis . Senator Martin 's meeting he at the airport . ( uneasily ) Jack - do you make some sort of promise to lecter , in the Senator 's name ? listen to the answer , he look uncomfortably across he desk at paul krendler , the deputy Attorney General - 40 , very tan , modish haircut . krendler be irritable , impatient . director burke ( on phone ) we be go to have to talk about this , Jack . the Senator 's mad as hell . Paul krendler 's over here from justice , she 's ask he to take charge in Memphis ... I know that ... but you be still in command of the task force , and lecter 's plane can still be order back . it 's you call , Jack - but I want it now . CUT back to : int . the surveillance van - day burrough start to make a objection , but Crawford still he with a hand motion . he be taut , frustrated . Long pause . crawford ( into phone ) let he land . CUT to : int . clarice' dorm room - doorway - day clarice open she door , stare out at Crawford . she 's just slip on she blazer , over she shoulder holster . she 's furious . clarice chilton have kill she , have not he ? that slimy little bastard ! we be so close with lecter - and now she last chance be go . crawford let 's get some coffee and talk . CUT to : ext . FBI academy ground - quantico - day moving angle on clarice and Crawford , as they walk along a sidewalk , sip from paper cup . the surveillance van trail they slowly , radio crackling . clarice be you in trouble over this , Mr. Crawford ? can Senator Martin do something to you ? crawford I be 53 , starl . if I find Jimmy hoffa on national tv , I would still have to retire in two year . it 's not a consideration . but you be ... ( beat ) you have do enough . if I keep you out of school any longer , you will be recycle . cost you six month , at least . I can guarantee you readmission here , but that 's about it . ( he stop , look at she ) now 's you chance , starl . go back to class . leave Bill to I . clarice if you do not want I chase he , you should not have take I to that funeral home . he look at she steadily , then nod . they walk on . clarice lecter be still the key , I know he be . whatever he tell I about Bill be just as good now as it be before . crawford or just as worthless . but I want you in Memphis , close to he . maybe when he get tired of toy with Senator Martin , he will talk to you again . there 's a plane wait for you now at the airstrip . she smile at this acknowledgment ; he never think she 's quit . clarice I lie to lecter . I will need some kind of peace offer ... can I get the drawing from he cell ? crawford good idea . meantime , try to get a feel for Catherine Martin . her apartment , she friend ... how he might have stalk she . I be go to the other two clinic , Minnesota and Ohio . ( he crumple he cup , toss it ) now 's the hardest part , starl . use you anger , do not let it keep you from think . just keep you eye on Catherine . we have get less than 30 hour . clarice ( hesitates ) Mr. Crawford ... can that cop down there handle Dr. lecter ? crawford ( grimly ) they will use they best man . but they better be pay attention ... CUT to : int . AIR national guard hanger - memphis , tennessee - day close on Dr. lecter . behind he mask , the alert , search eye . crawford ( v.o. ) he will ... officer pembry and boyle two sturdy , well - armed , veteran prison guard - be check Dr. lecter 's restraint with clever , careful finger . boyle welcome to Memphis , Dr. lecter . I be Officer boyle , this be Officer pembry . we aim to treat you just as nice as you treat we . Act like a gentleman , you will get three hot and a cot . pembry but we be not pussy - footin ' with you , buddy ruff . you get cute , try to bite somebody ? - we will tie you asshole in a knot . you savvy ? dr . lecter oh yes , Officer pembry . I certainly do . the officer turn away , boyle signing a clipboard form . pembry ( under he breath ) shit , he 's just a ol ' broke-dick . wo not be no trouble as all if he do not flip out . boyle Dr. chilton ...? new angle - wider as we see that we be in a vast , dusty hangar . park to one side : a ems ambulance and four highway patrol cruiser ; a dozen trooper stand quietly chat and smoking over there . prentiss be pace impatiently , casting anxious glance towards the open hanger doorway . boyle if you will please sign right here , sir , we will have we a legal transfer . chilton instinctively pat he shirt pocket for he gold pen ; it 's go . he search other pocket , with grow unhappiness . boyle use mine . pembry here they come . two black stretch limousine glide smoothly into the hangar , stop . secret service agent pour out of the lead car , form a cordon . a driver open the rear door of the second car , and krendler step out , follow by the Senator 's assistant , with a briefcase , follow , as last , by the Senator herself . barely glance around , she stride towards lecter . new angle - dr . lecter and sen . martin as she stop , strike by the bizarre spectacle of he restraint . the other instinctively keep a distance , but chilton , with theatrical relish , unstrap and remove Dr. lecter 's mask . chilton Senator Martin , meet Dr. hannibal lecter . they stare at one another for a long moment : the Senator tense , almost haggard , the madman with he unearthly poise . sen . martin Dr. lecter , I have bring a affidavit guarantee you new rights ... you will want to read it before I sign . he assistant unsnap he briefcase , reach for the form . dr . lecter I will not waste you time and Catherine 's time bargain for petty privilege . clarice starl and that awful Jack Crawford have waste far too much already . I only pray they have not doom the poor girl ... let I help you now , and I will trust you when it 's all over . sen . martin you have my word . Paul ? krendler raise a pad , poise to take note . dr . lecter buffalo Bill 's real name be William rubin . I meet he just once . he be refer to I in April or May , 1980 , by my patient Benjamin raspail . they be lover , but raspail have become very frighten . apparently rubin have murder a transient , and - do thing with the skin . he think if I could cure billy , then billy would be safe from the police , and he 's be safe from billy ... obviously , he be wrong . krendler we need he address , a physical descr - dr . lecter do you nurse Catherine ? sen . martin ( pause ; startle ) what ...? dr . lecter do you breast- feed she ? he flick he tongue obscenely . krendler you son-of - a - the Senator still he with a hand . she be tremble . sen . martin yes ... I do . dr . lecter toughen you nipple , do not it ...? ( a beat ; then rapidly , bored ) six foot one , strongly build , about 190 pound . Hair brown , eye pale blue . he would be about 35 now . he say he live in Philadelphia , but may have lie . that 's really all I can remember , Senator - but if I think of any more , I will let you know . sen . martin ( to the other ) let 's go with it . they start towards the car , but he call out , stop she . dr . lecter Senator Martin ...! you can not trust Jack Crawford or clarice starl . it 's such a game with this people . they be determine to get the arrest for themselves . the " collar , " I think they say . sen . martin thank you , Doctor . I will keep it in mind . dr . lecter oh , and Senator ...? Love you suit . dissolve to : int . mr. gumb basement - day ( dimly lit ) close on scrap of food - peas , chicken bone - lie on the cement floor of the pit , near the foil tray of a tv dinner . catherine ( o.s. ) ( mutter , feisty ) Close enough to fuck be close enough to fight ... catherine be hunch over in concentration . the plastic toilet bucket be on she lap , and she have yank down its cotton string . catherine get my leg round you neck , you goddamn creep , I will send you home to Jesus ... her finger be tie a chicken bone to the bucket 's handle , where it meet the string . the other end of the string be tie to she wrist . she stand gather the coiled string in one hand , and swing the bucket by its handle , calculate this distance up to the basement floor . catherine okay , precious . time for a treat ... she hurl the bucket upwards . at the lip of the oubliette the bucket sail out , bounce loudly , then fall back inside . angle on the dog , precious who be elsewhere in the basement , worry a toy . she cock a ear , make a low growl , then set off to investigate . down in the pit Catherine swing the bucket again , try another cast . the bucket land two foot beyond the pit 's edge , roll a bit , stop . precious trots up then pause , stare curiously towards ... very low angle ( dog be Pov ) the entice chicken bone , six foot away . it twitches as Catherine tug on the string , edging the bucket back towards the pit . precious with she tail wag , bark - greedy but suspicious . catherine stare upwards , pull again , even so gently , at the string . catherine ( softly ) preeeeecious ...! c'mon , boy , nice yummy bone ... c' mon , you little shit ... precious edge reluctantly closer ... then suddenly rush in , seize the bone in she tooth . she try to run away with it , but Catherine be pull she towards the hole , work she like a hook fish . her toenail scrabble as she try to stop . catherine stare desperately , unable to see how she 's do . catherine hang on , boy ... hang on ... precious still fight for the bone , growling , as the bucket rock precariously on the edge of the pit . a long , seesaw battle ... until finally , when one of she foreleg slip momentarily into the hole , she panic and let go . the bucket flop over the edge . catherine crouch , cover she head as the bucket bounce off she . catherine nooooo ...! the little dog furious , bark down at she , then trot away in disgust . close on catherine as she sink to the cold cement . she slap aside the foil tray , the scrap of food , sobbing in utter despair ... dissolve to : int . catherine martin' apartment - live room - day close on a frame photo of Sen. Martin and Catherine , hold in clarice 's cotton - glove hand . powder fingerprint on the glass . clarice glance up from the photo , smile disarmingly at - a young state trooper sit in Catherine 's easy chair . he smile back at she , then relax , return to he newspaper . he also wear glove . CUT to : int . kitchen clarice close the refrigerator door , glance around . a big reel -to-reel tape recorder have be set up on the breakfast counter , attach to Catherine 's phone . two new red phone be hook up as well . CUT to : int . bathroom clarice slide open the medicine cabinet 's mirror , look inside . she reach in , poke carefully amongst the lotion . CUT to : int . attic crawl-space a ceiling hatch bang open , send up dust cloud . clarice , light from underneath , poke she head through , look around . CUT to : int . bedroom flat on she back , clarice wriggle out from under Catherine 's bed . she sit up , brush dust from she face and hair . CUT to : int . bedroom close on a open , multi-tier jewelry box , rest atop a bureau , as clarice 's finger pick through costume jewelry . clarice close the box , and be just turn away when a figure suddenly loom into shot , give she a bad start ; she cry out softly . Senator Martin be reveal , stare at she suspiciously . sen . martin who be you , please ? I think the police be through in here . clarice I be clarice starl , Senator . FBI . sen . martin ( softly , very angry ) clarice starl ... ( call out ) Paul ? would you come in here , please ...? krendler enter from the hallway , look at clarice . sen . martin miss starl , you may know the deputy Attorney General , Mr. krendler . Paul , this be the trainee that Jack Crawford send to lecter ... she lie to he , pretend to have my authority , and thus jeopardize this entire investigation . now she have the further gall to invade my daughter 's privacy , again without permission . if she little game have kill my baby ... overcome , she hurry from the room . krendler shut the door behind she , point sternly at clarice . krendler you be out of line , starl , and you be off this case . back to quantico . clarice Sir , Mr. Crawford instruct I - krendler you instruction be what I be give you now . Jack Crawford answer to the director , and the director answer to I . my God , Crawford 's lose it ...! he should not even be on this , with he wife sick as she be ... how the hell do you get in here , anyway ? he give you - what ? some kind of special id ? let 's have it . clarice ( stubbornly ) I need the id to fly with my gun . the gun belong in quantico . krendler gun. Jesus . turn in the id as soon as you get back . the gun , too . be on the next plane , starl , there 's one in 90 minute . clarice , burn , start for the door , then turn back . clarice Mr. krendler ... Dr. lecter trust I . or at least , he use to . if I could just - krendler lecter have already name buffalo Bill . clarice react , surprised . krendler take a fold computer sheet from he pocket , shove it at she . she take it , read . krendler he give we a perfectly good description , and we be on it now , so we will not be need you little novelty act any longer - or he , either . he 's under close guard at the courthouse , pend a prison transfer . the next plane , Officer . clarice Sir , do not this " William rubin " strike you as - I do not know - kind of vague ? krendler move in very close to she , pale with anger . krendler do you need a police escort , starl ? or do you think you can find the airport by yourself ? clarice yes sir . I can find it by myself . CUT to : ext . shelby county courthouse - day the old courthouse be a massive gothic stronghold , with a armada of police cruiser park at the curb . clarice climb from she rent car , slamming the door angrily . holding a roll - up pile of papers - Dr. lecter 's drawing - she start determinedly up the step . a nearby commotion make she pause . Dr. Frederick chilton in a sea of interviewer and mini-cam , be preen grandly . clarice carefully avoid he gaze , slip up the step and inside . CUT to : int . courthouse - ground floor - day sgt . tate , a Memphis policeman , be study clarice 's id . he look up at she from he command desk , a bit doubtfully . sgt . tate be you with Mr. krendler 's people ? clarice I just leave he . sgt . tate access to lecter be strictly limited . we have be get death threat . ( hesitates again ) log in , and check you weapon . he pick up a phone , murmur into it . as he do so , clarice glance around this main ground floor lobby . her Pov the building look like a armed fort . cop with shotgun guard the front door , both end of the hall , the foot of the stair , the single elevator . more of they be come and go . murray ( v.o. ) shoot , we have not have this kinda security since the President come through town ... CUT to : int . elevator - moving clarice and officer murray , a young patrolman , ride up in a old - fashioned , creaking , metal - cage elevator . he be excited . murray every cop in Tennessee want a look at this guy . ' sit true what they be sayin ' - he 's some kinda vampire ? clarice ( beat ) I do not have a name for what he be . CUT to : int . historical society room - 5 th floor pembry , at a desk by the door , look up from examine the unroll pile of Dr. lecter 's drawing . pembry you know the rule , mar 'am ? clarice yes , Officer pembry . I have question he before . he wave she on she way , but retain the drawing for now . moving angle - with clarice as she cross the big , spare , white octagonal room . a massive , temporary iron cage have be install ; Officer boyle sit face its bar door . he rise , nod , move away to allow she privacy . inside the cage a cot and a small table , each bolt to the floor , and a flimsy paper screen , hide a toilet . Dr. lecter sit at the table , he back to she , study the buffalo Bill case file . he now wear a green prison jumpsuit . a small cassette player be chain to the steel table . dr . lecter ( without turn ) good afternoon , clarice . she stop at a stripe police barricade , before he bar . clarice I think you might want you drawing back ... just until you get you view . dr . lecter how very thoughtful ... or do Crawford send you here for one last wheedle - before you be both boot off the case ? clarice nobody send I . I come on my own . he spin in he swivel chair , stop neatly . a coy smile . dr . lecter people will say we be in love . ( beat ) pity you try to fool I , be not it ? pity for poor Catherine . tick-tock ... he spin again in he chair , playfully . moving angle - favoring clarice as she circle the cage , try to keep he face in sight . clarice Dr. lecter , you find out everything . you could not have talk with this " William rubin " , even once , and come out know so little about he ... you make he up , do not you ? dr . lecter clarice ... you be hardly in a position to accuse I of lie . clarice I think you be tell I the truth in Baltimore - or start to . tell I the rest now . dr . lecter I have study the case file , have you ...? everything you need to find he be right in this page . whatever he name be . clarice then tell I how . dr . lecter first principle , clarice . simplicity . read Marcus aurelius . of each particular thing , ask : what be it , in itself , what be its nature ...? what do he do , this man you seek ? clarice he kill w- dr . lecter ( sharply , as he stop ) no ! that 's incidental . close angle - two shot as he rise , pain by she ignorance , and cross to the bar . dr . lecter what be the first and principal thing he do , what need do he serve by kill ? clarice anger , social resentment , sexual frus - dr . lecter no , he covet . that 's he nature . and how do we begin to covet , clarice ? do we seek out thing to covet ? make a effort to answer . clarice no . we just - dr . lecter no. precisely . we begin by covete what we see every day . do not you feel eye move over you body , clarice ? I hardly see how you could not . and do not you eye move over the thing you want ? clarice all right , then tell I how - dr . lecter no . it 's you turn to tell I , clarice . you do not have any more vacation to sell , on Anthrax Island . why do you run away from that ranch ? clarice Dr. lecter , when there 's time I will - dr . lecter we do not reckon time the same way , clarice . this be all the time you will ever have . clarice later , listen , I will - dr . lecter I will listen now . after you father 's murder , you be orphane . you be ten year old . you go to live with cousin , on a sheep and horse ranch in Montana . and - ? clarice and - one morning I just - run away ... she turn from he . he press closer , grip the bar . dr . lecter not " just , " clarice . what set you off ? you start what time ? clarice early . still dark . dr . lecter then something wake you . what ? do you dream ...? what be it ? in flashback the 10 - year old clarice sit up abruptly in she bed , frighten . she be in a Montana ranch house ; it almost dawn . strange , fearful shadow on she ceiling and wall ... a window , partly fogge by the cold ; eerie brightness outside . clarice ( v.o. ) I hear a strange sound ... dr . lecter ( v.o. ) what be it ? the child rise cross to the window in she nightgown , rub the glass . clarice ( v.o. ) I do not know . I go to look ... high angle ( 2 nd story ) - the child Pov shadowy man , ranch hand , be move in and out of a nearby barn , carry mysterious bundle . the mens ' breath be steaming ... a refrigerate truck idle nearby , its engine add more steam . a strange , almost surrealistic scene ... clarice ( v.o. ) scream ! some kind of - scream . like a child 's voice ... the little girl be terrify ; she cover she ear . dr . lecter ( v.o. ) what do you do ? clarice ( v.o. ) get dress without turn on the light . I go downstairs ... outside ... the little girl in she winter coat , slip noiselessly towards the open barn door . she duck into the shadow to avoid a ranch hand , who pass she with a squirming bundle of some kind . he go into the barn , and she edge after he reluctantly . clarice ( v.o. ) I creep up to the barn ... I be so scared to look inside - but I have to ... the little girl Pov as the open doorway loom closer ... Bright light inside , straw bale , the edge of stall , then move figure ... dr . lecter ( v.o. ) and what do you see , clarice ? a squirming lamb be hold down on a table by two ranch hand . clarice ( v.o. ) lamb . the lamb be scream ... a third cowboy stretch out the lamb 's neck , raise a bloody knife . just as he 's about to slice its throat - back to the adult clarice stare into the distance , shake , still tremble from the child 's shock . we see Dr. lecter , over she shoulder , study she intently . dr . lecter they be slaughtering the spring lamb ? clarice yes ...! they be scream . dr . lecter so you run away ... clarice no. first I try to free they ... I open the gate of they pen - but they would not run . they just stand there , confuse . they would not run ... dr . lecter but you could . you do . clarice I take one lamb . and I run away , as fast as I could ... in flashback a vast Montana plain , and crossing this , a tiny figure - the little clarice , hold a lamb in she arm . dr . lecter ( v.o. ) where be you go ? clarice ( v.o. ) I do not know . I have no food or water . it be very cold . I think - if I can even save just one ... but he get so heavy . so heavy ... the tiny figure stop , and after a few moment sink to the ground , hunch over in dispair . clarice ( v.o. ) I do not get more than a few mile before the sheriff 's car find I . the rancher be so angry he send I to live at the Lutheran orphanage in bozeman . I never see the ranch again ... dr . lecter ( v.o . ) but what become of you lamb ? ( no response ) clarice ...? back to scene as the adult clarice turn , stare into he feverish eye . she shake she head , unwilling - or unable - to say more . dr . lecter you still wake up sometimes , do not you ? wake up in the dark , with the lamb scream ? clarice yes ... dr . lecter do you think if you save Catherine , you could make they stop ...? do you think , if Catherine life , you will not wake up in the dark , ever again , to the scream of the lamb ? do you ...? clarice yes ! I do not know ...! I do not know . dr . lecter ( a pause ; then , oddly at peace ) thank you , clarice . clarice ( a whisper ) tell I he name , Dr. lecter . dr . lecter Dr. chilton ... I believe you know each other ? new angle as clarice turn , startle , and the fume chilton seize she elbow . pembry and boyle be beside he , look grim . chilton out . let 's go . pembry sorry , mar 'a m - we have get order to have you put on a place . clarice struggle , pull free of they for a moment . dr . lecter brave clarice . will you let I know if ever the lamb stop scream ? clarice ( move closer to the bar ) yes . I will tell you . dr . lecter promise ...? ( she nod . he smile ) then why not take you case file ? I will not be need it anymore . he hold out the file , arm extend between the bar . she hesitates , then reach to take it . very close angle - slow motion as the exchange be make , he index finger touch she hand , and linger there , just for a moment . dr . lecter' eye widen , crackle at this touch , like spark in a cave . dr . lecter good-bye , clarice . clarice hugging the case file to she chest , stare back at he as the man crowd in on she , push she away . her Pov - moving as Dr. lecter , head cocked in a smile , slowly recede ... dissolve to : int . garment sweatshop - day moving angle - mr. gumb Pov as he push a roll rack of complete leather garment , each wrap in plastic , down as aisle . SOUND of many sewing machine , all clatter at once , as he pass row on row of work table . the seamstress , mostly black or Hispanic , glance up as he pass , then quickly avert they eye , he presence disturbing they in some nameless way . a thin foreman in a flowery shirt , see he approach . he rise from he desk and come over cheerfully , as the rack roll to a stop . foreman hello , dear ! punctual as always . and what have you bring we today ? he seize one of the dangle jacket , pull up the plastic wrapper . he examine it , stroking the sleeve . foreman oh , marvelous ... you know , I always say you be the Leonardo of leather . mr. gumb ( o.s. ) ( a harsh whisper ) oil . foreman pardon ...? mr. gumb ( o.s. ) you be leave oil on the skin . the foreman quickly release the jacket . foreman of course ... you will be want you - Mr. gumb 's hand reach into shot , snatching a envelope from he . the foreman be watch he walk away , as a seamstress come over to take the rack of garment . the foreman be vaguely troubled , but shake it off . he stroke the jacket again , admiringly . foreman ( to seamstress ) I wish we have a dozen like he ... SOUND upcut - Glenn gould play bach 's Goldberg variation ... CUT to : int . memphis INTERNATIONAL airport - lounge area - dusk clarice , in a line of other passenger , be move slowly towards a departure ramp . through a huge plate glass window , we can see she plane . she glance back over she shoulder at a pair of uniformed cop brawny and impassive , they arm fold , wait to make sure she board the flight . clarice sigh , turn wearily back towards the jetway . the bach continue , as we ... CUT to : int . shelby CO . courthouse - historical society room - night close on a steaming , rather elegant dinner tray , be carry by pembry , as he approach Dr. lecter 's cell . pembry ( shout ) ready when you be , Doc ! in the cell the bach be issue from the cassette player . beside it , on the table , the pile of Dr. lecter 's drawing . the top one be a accurate , sensitive portrait , from memory , of clarice . Beyond the table , we see lecter 's shadowy form , seat behind the paper screen . he call out from there . dr . lecter ( o.s. ) just another minute , please ! pembry grunt , set the tray down . boyle join he , hand he a riot baton and a mace cannister , which pembry fasten to belt clip . boyle be similarly armed , and carry a ring of key . pembry sumbitch demand lamb chop for dinner , extra rare . boyle ( laugh ) what you reckon he will want for breakfast - some fuckin ' thing from the zoo ? inside the screen Dr. lecter sit fully clothed on the toilet - sway slightly , eye close , lose in the music , tongue work in he cheek . suddenly , like magic , a little shiny piece of metal protrude from he lip . he pluck it out , open he eye . in extreme closeup he be hold the pocket clip from prentice 's disassembled pen - a straight , thin strip of metal , with a circular collar at one end , a square edge at the other . dr . lecter line up he thumbnail just shy of the square edge , then brace it against the stainless steel toilet rim . he push down , hard , use both hand for leverage . after a moment he smile , hold up the result , and twirling it before he eye . in extreme closeup the straight end of the clip now form a tiny right angle , and the circular end anchor nicely between he finger . outside the cell pembry and boyle turn as the toilet flush , and Dr. lecter reappear , look jaunty . pembry okay , Doc , grab some floor . same drill as lunchtime . Dr. lecter sit on the floor , leg straight , then wriggle backwards . he stretch he arm behind he , hand and wrist through the bar , with two bar between they , and clasp he hand . dr . lecter I be ready when you be , Officer pembry . pembry come around the cell to squat behind Dr. lecter . he tug he hand farther out , rather roughly , handcuffs he wrist . he shake the cuff , make sure of they , then nod to boyle . new angle - at cell door as boyle pick up the dinner tray , and pembry cross around . pembry take the key from boyle , unlock the cell door , and push it inward . boyle go inside with the tray . dr . lecter watch as boyle approach the table , above five foot from he . boyle have to set he tray down on the floor to clear off some of the mess of drawing . the music play on . very close on ... Dr. lecter 's hand , outside the bar , as the makeshift key , hold between the tip of he right index and middle finger , search for the keyhole of the cuff . and find it . new angle - favoring boyle as he finish clear the drawing , then turn back towards Dr. lecter , stooping to pick up the tray . boyle's right hand be just inch from the tray when Dr. lecter 's hand dart into shot , snap a handcuff onto he wrist . boyle look up , astonished , to find himself right in the grin face of Dr. lecter - who just as quickly roll sideways , and snap - the other cuff around the bolt leg of the table . and suddenly all natural SOUND and motion be suspend , as the music soar much louder , each separate note of it now echoing distinctly , and we see ... various angle - each blurring into stop - action pembry start into the cell , reach for he riot baton ... Dr. lecter smash against the cell door , drive it into pembry , pin he across the chest , against the door frame ... boyle , on one knee on the floor , digging desperately in he pants pocket for he handcuff key ... pembry 's hand , mashed against he body by the door , as he strain frantically to reach the baton at he waist ... pembry 's eye , widen in horror as he stare at ... Dr. lecter 's bare tooth , flash towards he ... Dr. lecter grip pembry 's face in he jaw , shaking it like a dog shake a rat ... boyle find he key , but in he terror drop it ... Dr. lecter yanking the mace can and riot baton from the daze pembry 's belt , spraying he in he bloody face , then clubbing he to he knee ... boyle , mouth open in a silent scream , find he key again , unlock the handcuff , but then , as he start to rise , see ... Dr. lecter stand over he , with the riot baton raise high ; he swing it viciously down , again and again and again ... then normal SOUND and motion be restore as we go to - close angle on the cassette player , and the portrait of clarice , both now fleck with blood . in addition to the bach , we now hear soft panting , close by , and whimper sob in the background . angle on dr . lecter eye close , lose in a favorite passage of the music . his bloody finger drift airily with the note , as he breathe slow to normal . he open he eye , sigh contentedly , look down . he Pov by the sprawle leg of boyle lie various object that spill from he pants pocket - coin , a comb , a big pocketknife . dr . lecter pick up the pocketknife , examine it happily . about a four - inch blade . he become aware of the whimpering , off screen , turn . low angle on pembry as he crawl , with torturous slowness , towards the command desk , and the phone . he be cry , but frantically determine . pembry's Pov - partially blurred , then clearing above the desk , hang from peg , be he and boyle 's holster revolver ... CUT to : int . courthouse - ground floor lobby - night the bronze arrow above the elevator swing towards " 5 , " then indicate a stop there , at the top floor . favoring sgt . tate at he command desk , as he stare at the indicator . another cop , jacob , sit on the desk 's edge , flipping through a magazine ; many more cop can be see beyond they , idling in the lobby . sgt . tate what be this shit ...? do somebody go up to five ? ( Jacobs shake he head ) call pembry , ask he what - a gunshot , and then , moment later , two more quick one , echo down the nearby stairwell . sgt . tate jump to he foot , grab a radio mike , as the other cop stir , confuse and noisy . sgt . tate ( into mike ) cp , shot fire on five ! repeat , shot fire on five ! outside post look sharp , we have get a ... Ho -ly shit . the bronze arrow have begin to descend . down to 4 , then past 4 ... back on sgt . tate as he react . the other cop , behind he , be now in a full uproar , shouting , pull out gun . sgt . tate ( to the other ) shut up ...! Guard mount , double up on you outside post . Bobby , get the vest . rainey , Howard , cover that fuck elevator if it come all the way to - a cop ( o.s. ) it stop ! the bronze arrow have , indeed , freeze at 3 . sgt. tate lift the microphone again . sgt . tate ( into mike ) seal off a ten-block radius . get I the swat team and a ambulance , double quick . we be go up . CUT to : int . stairwell - night ( dimly lit ) high angle on sgt . tate as he lead a five - man squad , all in bulletproof vest , up the stone stair . they move fast but carefully , cover each other from landing to landing with draw revolver , shotgun . the distant back music make a ghostly echo in here ... CUT to : int . third floor corridor - night ( dimly lit ) a thin rectangle of light on the floor from the open elevator door . we can not see inside . the music sound closer . sgt . tate approach very cautiously , gun aim . the other cop , behind he , fan out silently to set up angle of fire , check the various office door - all lock - as they creep up . moving angle - over tate's shoulder as he reach the side of the elevator , hesitates , then spin to point he gun inside . it 's empty . he back away . sgt . tate ( shout at ceiling ) pembry ? boyle ...? CUT to : int . historical society room - night ( brightly lit ) angle on the door , from inside , its lettering reverse on the frost glass . the bach be very loud . after a moment the door be shoulder open , hard enough for the glass to shatter , tate follow he gun inside , move low , then other cop appear behind he in the doorframe . they all freeze , stare in utter horror . sgt . tate oh no ... no ... there Pov be a brief snapshot from hell . the two uniform body , one sprawle on its back near the door , the other still in the cell , have be savage by a knife . blood and gore everywhere . the face be unrecognizable . sgt . tate struggle for control , as the other cop move grimly around he , into the room . he pull he walkie-talkie from he belt . sgt . tate ( into mike ) Command post ... two offi- ( a beat ; clear he throat ) two officer down . prisoner be miss . repeat , lecter be miss ... he 's stripped the bed , might be make a rope , check all window . where the fuck be my ambulance ? in the cell a cop angrily punch off the music . Jacobs kneel with he finger on boyle 's neck . jacob boyle be dead , sarge . his gun 's go ... at the other body a cop gently remove a revolver from the bloody fist . Murray , the young patrolman , bring he ear reluctantly close to the gory face . a bloody bubble appear there ; the wreckage groans , very softly . murray this one 's alive ! tate cross , kneel to see for himself . Murray look green . sgt . tate take ahold of he where he can feel you hand , son . talk to he . murray what 's he name , sarge ? sgt . tate it 's pembry , now talk to he , God dammit . ( into radio , look around ) boyle 's dead , pembry 's read bad . lecter be miss and armed - he take boyle 's gun ... the other cop , check the cylinder of pembry 's gun , hold up one finger to tate . sgt . tate ( into radio ) pembry get off one round - there 's a chance lecter be hit . we hear a total of three shot fire , so he 's get four leave ... he 's get a knife , too . CUT to : ext . STREET in front of courthouse - night various angle on a floodlit scene of barely control pandemonium . flash red light , man shouting command , siren in the distance . swat member , in full gear , leap from a black van ... fan out ... swarm up the step ... ems orderly unload a gurney from a ambulance ... cop kneel for cover behind car , aim gun and rifle up at the window ... CUT to : int . historical society room - night a trio of ems orderly work fast over the body , already strapped on its gurney . they bandage a big plastic airway into place , over the butcher face , check for a pulse at the neck . Young Murray crouch , sicken , grip a bloody fist . murray you be just fine , pembry , lookin ' good , buddy , you be gonna make it ... one orderly massage the heart . another be pop a plasma bag , ready to insert the needle , when the body start convulse . orderly downstair - let 's go ! quickly the gurney be elevate , wheeled out of the room , with cop rush forward to open the door , help push , swat man be run by in the hall , automatic rifle at the ready ... CUT to : int . the elevator - descending - night sgt. tate , riding down with Jacobs , have he radio out . sgt . tate ( into mike ) ten-four , Lieutenant . I be on the elevator , bring it down . pembry and boyle be both clear , top three floor secure , main stairwell secure . he 's somewhere on - a spot of blood fall on he cheek . he and Jacobs stare at each other . another spot hit he shoulder . they look up . there Pov blood be drip slowly from the corner of the service hatch . sgt . tate motion for silence , as both man draw they gun . sgt . tate ( into mike ) uh , we be pretty sure he 's somewhere on two , sir ... that 's all for now , over . CUT to : int . ground floor lobby - night the elevator door open , and tate and Jacobs hurry out , step quickly to the side . tate reach back in and - close angle lock the elevator into position , with its door open . other cop be rush up to they , curious , as tate frantically push they aside , gesture for silence . sgt . tate ( whisper ) he 's on the roof of the elevator ! CUT to : int . third floor corridor - night two swat officer , peterson and kubell , turn a key , unlock and open this floor 's elevator doorway . the shaft be dark . lying prone , they inch up to the edge , Peterson extend a mirror , on a long pole , out into the shaft . in the mirror ( distorted by the angle ) be a distant figure , in a green prison jumpsuit , lie on he stomach , atop the elevator . a shiny revolver be near one hand . peterson whisper into a radio , as kubell carefully tip a assault rifle , with a flashlight tape to its barrel , over the edge . peterson I see he ... there 's a weapon by he hand . he 's not move ... radio voice can you get the drop ? peterson we get the drop . radio voice one warning . then take he out . Peterson nod to kubell , who switch on the flashlight , as Peterson shout down the shaft . peterson quinn !! put you hand on you head !! in the mirror the green figure show no movement . angle on the cop again as Peterson mutter to kubell . peterson put one in he leg . very close on the figure below , as kubell 's gunshot roar , echoing hugely in the shaft , and a slug rip through the jumpsuite leg . the figure do not stir . peterson stare down the shaft , raise he mike again . peterson no movement . radio voice okay , johnny , hold you fire ... CUT to : int . ground floor lobby - night a small army of cop be now cover the elevator doorway , from both side . tate crouch next to the swat commander . swat commander ( into radio mike ) we be come into the car , we be open the hatch . watch he hand . any fire will come from we . affirm ? peterson' voice get it . the swat commander hand he radio to another cop , then look at tate . a long , tense moment . then he wave a signal . moving angle as we follow a pick team of four swat cop , in full body armor , rush into the elevator car . two man move to the corner , aim assault rifle at the ceiling . a third man set a stepladder in place , and the fourth man , armed with a big colt , hurry up the ladder and unclip the hatch . close on ... the service hatch , as the hinge cover drop open , and a body tumble through , dangle head first , until it 's catch at the waist . we see the back of the head . sgt . tate shoulder through the swat cop for a closer look . he turn towards the swat commander , astonished . sgt . tate that 's pembry ! CUT to : int . ems ambulance - moving in the rear chamber , a young ems attendant be brace against the vehicle 's sway . behind he , the stretcher form of he patient , and , through a curtain open , the driver . SOUND of the siren . attendant ( into radio mike ) he 's comatose , but he vital sign be good . pressure 's 130 over 90 ... yeah , 90 ! pulse 85 ... behind he , in slightly blurred focus , the bloody figure sit slowly upright ... attendant his convulsion have stop , but he 's get so much loose skin on he face , it 's hard to tell if - suddenly he stop , become aware of a strange hissing . he turn , puzzle ... the pocketknife blade in lecter 's fist , flash high in the air ... CUT to : ext . six - lane freeway - night ( arc light ) moving angle on the ems ambulance , as it race along normally , its siren blaze , the heavy flow of traffic parting to make way for it . then suddenly it begin to weave erratically , change lane , before drift dangerously to a full stop , almost side - way . Cars swerve to avoid hit it , honking angrily ... closer angle on the stop ambulance . after a long , still moment , the wind - shield wipe come on , incongruously , then stop . then the siren be shut off , and the flasher . the ambulance start roll again - at first jerkingly , then with increase speed . we follow it for several more moment , until be pass - and we linger on ... big GREEN interstate sign ... that read " Memphis International Airport / 2 mile . " close angle - through ambulance windshield Dr. lecter 's face be slowly revealed , as he wipe across it with a fistful of gauze , toss it aside ... dissolve to : ext . montana plain - dusk - ( in flashback ) moving angle , rush with dizzy swiftness over the prairie , over wave grasses ... a long passage ... before we come at last to the girl clarice , sit with she lamb , hunch in despair . she rise , she face tear-stain , and turn from we . holding the lamb , she start back the way she come ... CUT to : ext . country dirt road - night - bright moonlight moving angle , very rapid , down this road ... come at last to a stop highway patrol car . clarice , with she lamb , be stand in the car 's headlight . she start wearily towards the sheriff ... CUT to : ext . ranch barnyard - near dawn crane angle - sweeping rapidly down into the barnyard towards the arrive highway patrol car , as it stop ... rushing to the little girl as she step from the car , hold the lamb . the dark figure of the rancher enter frame . as he roughly take the lamb from she , we hold on a closeup of she face - stunne , blank . she exit frame ... CUT to : ext . barn - night moving angle - clarice' Pov as she walk towards the open barn doorway ... it loom closer ... the rancher be reveal , a shadowy figure , pin the lamb on the kill table . his knife hand sweep up high , then hold ... he turn to camera , he face break into the light - and it be the face of Dr. lecter . he smile he terrible smile at the young clarice ... CUT to : int . FBI dorm - pay phone in hallway - night moving angle - come in very close on the adult clarice 's face - shocked , devastate - as she stand alone by the dangle receiver ... CUT to : int . shower stall - FBI dorm - night close on a shower head , as water suddenly blast out . clarice move into shot , as she scrub she face and hair compulsively , almost desperately , unable to get clean ... ardelia ( v.o. ) they find the ambulance ... CUT to : int . clarice' dorm room - night clarice be hunch on she cot , in a bathrobe , she hair wet . the buffalo Bill case file , a thick bundle , rest by she foot . ardelia hover anxiously nearby . ardelia in the parking garage at Memphis airport . the crew be dead . he kill a tourist , too . get he clothes , cash ... by now he could be anywhere . clarice look up . her eye be red-rimme with exhaustion , and something close to despair . she read ardelia 's think . clarice no . he will not come after I . ardelia why not ? clarice ( bitterly ) it would be rude . and he would not get to ask any more question ... ardelia sit beside she , touch she arm . ardelia clarice - you do the best anybody could have for Catherine Martin . you stick you neck out for she and you get you butt kick for she and you try . it 's not you fault it end this way . clarice the worst part - the thing that 's make I crazy - be that Bill be right in front of I . only I can not see he ... ( touch the case file ) lecter say , everything I need to catch he be right here , in this page ... ardelia lecter say a lot of thing . clarice ( shake she head ) he 's here , ardelia . ardelia stare back at she . SOUND upcut - the low throb of a wash machine ... CUT to : int . laundry room - academy dorm - night ( very late ) clarice have spread out the case file across two wash machine . ardelia , cross -legge on a dryer , study another pile of form . nearby be they laundry basket , detergent box . ardelia ( surprised ) hey , be this lecter 's handwrite ? she hold up the map , with its location marking for the kidnap and body dump site . clarice take it , look . insert - the map with newly ink word in Dr. lecter 's precise , elegant hand . dr . lecter ( v.o. ) clarice , do not this random scatter of site seem overdo to you ? do not it seem desperately random - like the elaboration of a bad liar ? ta ... hannibal lecter . new angle - two shot as clarice look up at ardelia , puzzle but excited . clarice " desperately random . " what do he mean ? ardelia not random at all , maybe . like there 's some pattern here ...? clarice but there be no pattern . there 's no connection at all among this place , or the computer would have nail it ! they be even find in random order . ardelia well , except for the one girl . clarice ( beat ) what girl ? ardelia the one that be weight down . where be she ...? Fred something . they search among the insert . clarice find the graduation photo . clarice fredrica bimmel , from belvedere , Ohio . the first girl take , but the third body find ... why ? ardelia ' Cause she do not drift . he weight she down . clarice but why ? he do not weight the other . clarice move , on fire , unable to keep still . clarice the first , what the hell do lecter say about ... " first principle , " he say . simplicity ... what do this guy do , he " covet . " how do we first start to covet ? " we covet what we see -' she stop , turn . she grab the photo of fredrica from ardelia , stare at it . she look up , tremble . clarice " - every day . " ardelia ( softly ) hot damn , clarice . clarice ( v.o. ) he know she ...! CUT to : int . FBI build - office of the director - day clarice and Crawford be seat in front of director burke , who 's at he desk . another chair be empty , because krendler be pace . all four be near they boil point . clarice maybe he life in this , this belvedere , Ohio , too ! maybe he see she every day , and kill she sort of spontaneously . maybe he just mean to ... give she a 7 - up and talk about the choir . but then - krendler starl - clarice but then he have to cover up , make she seem just like all the rest of they . that 's what lecter be hint ! krendler the market in lecter hint be way down , today , okay ? I have get two good man dead in Memphis , and three civilian . I have get - crawford who the hell 's fault be - krendler - a U.S. Senator who 's half out of she head because she daughter 's go to be murder today ! and all because of you mind game with fuck lecter ! crawford if you have not interfered , he would still be in custody in Baltimore ! burke Jack - krendler you send in a green recruit , with a phony goddamn offer - crawford you be just try to cover you ass for let he escape ! burke that's enough ! all of you ... a long silence , as they all struggle to regain composure . Crawford , who be at the point of strike krendler , finally retake he seat . burke look sadly at Crawford and clarice . burke ( very reluctantly ) starl , I be afraid I have no choice . you be suspend from the Academy . ( Crawford start to interrupt ) not another word ! ( to clarice ) this be pend a reevaluation of you fitness for the service . I promise you will get a fair hearing . ( pause ) Jack ... you be order to take compassionate leave . you will spend the rest of the day briefing the AG 's office , then transfer command of the task force , effective by 1800 hour . ( beat ) I be sorry , Jack ... go home . take care of Bella . clarice and Crawford stare back at he , drain . a long and very painful silence . not even krendler look happy . CUT to : ext . sidewalk outside FBI build - day clarice and Crawford walk out slowly , stand there a moment , not know what to say , not want to face each other . clarice all he victim be woman ... his obsession be woman , he life to hunt woman . but not one woman be hunt he - except I . I can walk in a woman 's room and know three time as much about she as a man would . ( beat ) I have to go to belvedere . crawford you hear they . I do not have that authority anymore . clarice you do until six p.m . he stare at she sadly . he look , for the first time , defeat , old beyond he year . crawford Ohio be cold ground . picked over , ten month ago . we people work it , so do the local . clarice but not from this angle . not think he know she . you have get to send I ! crawford I be Bureau for 28 year , starl . I will not disobey order , not even now . clarice but I just become a private citizen . I can go anywhere I want to . crawford with id and a gun ...? impersonate a federal agent be a felony . clarice he 's go to kill she , Mr. Crawford . this morning , or maybe at noon , but today , and belvedere 's we last chance . I be fly there , right now , unless you stop I . you want my id ? here - take it ... he stare at she , a long moment . Catherine 's life . clarice 's passion , and future . his loyalty to the Bureau . call it . crawford ( pull out he wallet ) there 's about $ 300 here ... and a hotline code number . they will patch you through to I , wherever I be . she raise she hand to he . she want to touch he face , or he neck , but can not . finally she take he money and card . clarice thank you . he watch , frighten for both of they , as she back away , smile , then turn , racing towards the surveillance van . SOUND upcut - the scratchy recording of fat waller singing , as we ... CUT to : int . mr. gumb cellar - day ( dim light ) close on the needle of the Victrola , on the spin record , as Mr. gumb 's finger lift away . music continue in background . mr. gumb ( o.s. ) ( call out ) preeeeecious ...! close on the moth cage , as Mr. gumb 's finger search through the humus , and find a plump new cocoon , lift it out . the door of the cage be leave open , and one or two of the adult moth flutter out . mr. gumb ( o.s. ) precious , come on precious ! busy busy day today ... close on a clean towel , beside the sink . the cocoon be gently place in readiness alongside four shiny skin knife . mr. gumb ( o.s. ) momma 's gonna be sooo beautiful ! close on a stainless steel colt python , with a six - inch barrel , as the cylinder be spun , and the hammer get a practice cock . the metallic click be deep and loud . a note of alarm have enter Mr. gumb 's voice . mr. gumb ( o.s. ) you come here this minute , you little scamp ! low angle on Mr. gumb , wear the kimono , as he walk through he sewing workroom . his back be to we ; he be look anxiously under the furniture . he stop , straighten . genuinely scared . mr. gumb precious ...? low angle - over the pit open towards Mr. gumb , as he stop at one of the doorway of the oubliette chamber . he stare inside ; he face in shadow . mr. gumb sweetheart ...? from the distant bottom of the pit , we hear Catherine 's voice . catherine ( o.s. ) she would down here you sack of shit . Mr. gumb 's fist fly to he mouth , and he sag against the doorframe . a little groan escape he ; the dog answer with a series of yip . upward angle , from the pit bottom as Mr. gumb 's dark shape lean cautiously over the edge . mr. gumb precious , be you all right ? reverse angle on catherine crouch to one side , clutching the dog to she chest . see Mr. gumb , the dog squirm frantically , barking . catherine get I a telephone . lower it down to I . do it now , mister ! I do not want to have to hurt this little dog . upward angle on Mr. gumb , as , with a cry of fury , he whip the colt from inside he kimono . the muzzle gleam as he take aim . Catherine yank the dog up , into he line of fire , scream at he . catherine you shoot motherfucker you better kill I quick or I will break she fuck neck , I swear to God ! mr. gumb ( o.s. ) ( wail ) nooooooo ! tuck the dog under one arm , she grab its muzzle , twist the head . the dog whine piteously . catherine back off , you son of a bitch ! back off ! upward angle as Mr. gumb cry out again - a terrible , inarticulate scream of rage and anguish . but then he slowly lower he gun . reverse angle on Catherine , as she maintain she grip . catherine that 's better ... now get I a live telephone . get a long extension and lower be down here ... and you better do it fast , too , ' cause I think she leg 's break . she 's in pain , mister , she need a vet . mr. gumb stare down at she , a long beat , breathe heavily . mr. gumb you think she 's in pain ? you do not know what pain be . but you be go to find out ... and abruptly he vanish . SOUND of he footstep , rush off . catherine begin shaking , hand and arm twitching uncontrollably . she hug the little dog tight to she chest , bury she face in its fur , sobbing ... dissolve to : ext . residential STREET - belvedere , ohio - day high angle as a rent sedan pull up to the curb , stop . after a moment clarice climb out , a bit stiffly . double - check this address , she glance up from a fold street map to - a old , three - story wooden house in a row of similarly shabby home , all back onto a narrow river . a path of board , laid over mud , lead back along this house towards the brown water . SOUND of hammer from there . CUT to : ext . bimmel house - back yard - day a awesome huddle of pigeon coops sprawl by the brackish water . the bird ' cooing mix with the hammering . a tall , gaunt man in a knit cap be obsessively pound nail into a new coop . clarice approach he , and the man lower he hammer . he have red - rimmed eye of watery blue . his face be deeply seam . clarice Mr. bimmel ...? he stare back at she , warily . CUT to : int . bimmel house - staircase - day high angle - looking down as Mr. bimmel lead clarice up a steep flight of step . the bannister be wear , sag a bit . mr. bimmel I do not know nothin ' new to tell ya . the police be back here so many time already ... fredrica go into Columbus on the bus to see about a job . she leave the interview ok . she never come home . clarice pause , at the landing , to look at a frame photo : the familiar graduation portrait . other picture show fredrica as a young girl , toddler , infant - plump and hopeful at each age . mr. bimmel her room 's how she leave it . just shut the door when you be do . CUT to : int . fredrica's bedroom - day clarice' Pov - moving slowly as she take in flowery chintz curtain ... poster of madonna and blondie ... a twin bed , with wear , stuff animal on the pillow ... a big sewing machine in the corner . clarice turn , absorb nuance . there be loneliness here , a echo of desperation under this steeply pitch ceiling . a shrill meow , and she look down ... big tortoiseshell cat be rub against she ankle . clarice pick up the cat , scratch behind he ear . she glance up . in a full - length mirror she and the cat stare back at they own reflection ... CUT to : clarice sit at the desk , turn the page of a high school yearbook . the cat be curl on she lap ... CUT to : clarice kneel by the old decca record player , flip through lps and singles . the cat have wander off ... CUT to : clarice pull a string to light up the closet . she be surprised and intrigue to see a extensive wardrobe , groan from the rod . a shelf above the rod be stack high with sewing supplies , in clear plexibox . she flip through the hang clothes , pull out one dress , on its hanger , for a closer look . the dress be very big , to fit fredrica , but beautifully cut . some of the seam still look unfinish . she turn it around , see a blue tissue dressmaker 's pattern still pin to the back . favoring the sewing machine as clarice turn , look towards it . she hang the dress on the closet door knob , cross to sit at the machine . she take off its dust cover . she run one hand over the cool metal , as a taunting memory form in she mind . dr . lecter ( v.o. ) billy want to change , too , clarice . but there 's the problem of he size , you see ... she turn , look again at the unfinish dress . suddenly she straighten , she attention rivete by something ... clarice' Pov on the print pattern , down at the lower back of the outline dress , be two bold black triangle . we rush closer to there shape , before jump back to - clarice who stare at they , start to tremble . dr . lecter ( v.o. ) even if he be a woman , he would have to be a big one ... in flashback that miss triangle of skin on the dead girl 's back , in the funeral home in West Virginia ... close on clarice as she jump to she foot , with a fierce joy . clarice sewing dart . you bastard . CUT to : int . bimmel parlor - downstair - day clarice pace , in a exuberant rush , amidst the wear furniture . clarice ( into phone ) he 's make himself a " woman suit , " Mr. Crawford - out of real woman ! and he can sew , this guy , he 's really skilled . a dressmaker , or a tailor - crawford ( v.o. ) starl - clarice that 's why they be all so big - because he need a lot of skin ! he keep they alive to starve they awhile - to loosen they skin , so that - crawford ( v.o. ) starl , we know who he be ! and where he be . we be on we way now . clarice ( pause ; surprised ) where ? CUT to : int . FBI turbojet - flying - day Crawford sit at a communication console , with burrough , in headphone , by he side . this forward section of the cabin be cramme with hi-tech equipment , all light up and whirring . through a window we see cloud , part of the jet 's wing . crawford ( into speaker phone ) calumet City , edge of Chicago . I will be on the ground in 45 minute with the hostage rescue team . I be back in charge , starl . he 's mine . intercutting as clarice react ; she happiness for Crawford be tinged with disappointment at be so suddenly out of the hunt . clarice ( on phone ) Sir , that 's great news . but how - crawford johns hopkins finally come up with a name for we . we feed he into known offender , and he come up cherries . ( take a paper from burrough ) subject 's name be " Jamie gumb , " aka " John grant . " lecter 's description be accurate , he just lie about the name . inside the jet - moving angle from the rear of the cabin forward , as we slowly pass the twelve - man hrt . they be seat in full gear , hardshell armor , quietly check and recheck they bulg case of weapon - silencer automatics , shotgun , stun grenade ... crawford ( o.s. ) this gumb 's a real beauty . slaughter both he grandparent when he be twelve , and do nine year in juvenile psychiatric . where , starl , he take vocational rehab , and learn a useful trade ... intercutting clarice sewing ... crawford take a bow . custom have some paper on he alias . they stop a carton two year ago at lax - live caterpillar from surinam . the addressee be " John grant . " calumet power &amp ; Light 's give we two possible residence under that alias . we be hit one , Chicago swat 's take the other . clarice ( eagerly ) Chicago 's only about 400 mile from here . I could be there in - crawford no , starl , there be not time . and you have still get crucial work to do in Ohio . we want he for murder , not kidnap . I be count on you to link he to the bimmel girl , before he 's indicted . clarice try hard to swallow she disappointment . clarice yes sir ... I will do my best . crawford ( pause ; gently ) starl - you have earn back you place in the Academy . we never would have find he without you , and nobody 's ever go to forget that . least of all I . clarice yes sir . thank you , sir ... crawford switch off , feel bad for she . on the console near he , the fax machine start to chatter . he turn , look . burroughs ( o.s. ) here he come , Jack . close on a emerge sheet , as gumb 's face be print out . we see just he hair , then the top of he forehead , before we ... CUT to : ext . bimmel back yard - day clarice walk slowly across the yard , absorb all this news , before suddenly leaping into the air and pump she fist in triumph , with a happy yelp . then she see - mr. bimmel stare at she in surprise . he sit by he coops , smoking . clarice somewhat embarrassed , cross over to he . clarice Mr. bimmel ... do fredrica ever mention a man name Jamie gumb , from calumet City ? or John grant ? ( he shake he head ) do she know any man that sew ? mr. bimmel she sew for everybody . store , lady , whatever . I do not know about man . clarice who be she best friend , Mr. bimmel ? who would she hang out with ? CUT to : ext . a isolated runway - o'hare airport - day the FBI turbojet be park , its gangway down . Crawford , burrough , and the hrt squad , carry they bag of weapon , clatter rapidly down the metal step ... stacy ( v.o. ) freak I out . get you skin peel off , be that a bummer ...? CUT to : int . saving &amp ; loan - belvedere - day stacy hubka - short , perky , early 20' - sit nervously at she desk , talk to clarice , who jot in she notebook . in the background . beyond they , bank teller , line of wait customer , muzak . stacy they say she be just rag , like somebody - clarice stacy , do fredrica ever mention a man name Jamie gumb ? or John grant ? ( stacy shake she head ) do you think she could have have a friend you do not know about ? stacy no way . she have a guy , I 'da know , believe I . sewing be she life , she be really great at it . poor freddie . clarice do you ever work with she ? stacy oh sure , I and Pam malavesi use to help she do alteration for old Mrs. lippman . lot of people work for she , she have the business from all this retail store ? but she be like , totally old , it be more and she could handle . clarice where do Mrs. lippman live ? I would like to talk to she . stacy she die . she go to Florida to retire , like two year ago ? she die own there . clarice react , disappointed at the end of this trail . stacy ( beat ; shyly ) be that a pretty good job , FBI agent ? clarice I think so . stacy you get to travel around and stuff ? I mean , better place then this ? clarice sometimes you do . stacy freddie be so happy for I when I get this job . this - toaster giveaway , and Barry manilow on the speaker all day - she think this be really hot shit . what do she know , big dummy ... suddenly she 's fight tear . clarice reach to hug she . CUT to : ext . residential STREET - calumet CITY , illinois - day wide angle on what appear to be , at first , a calm , ordinary neighborhood of work class two - and three - story house . but the street be strangely quiet , desert . after a few moment , we become aware of movement - armed , dark - clad figure creep swiftly and in silence from shrub to garage corner , from park car to porch , appear and then disappear ... CUT to : int . mr. gumb cellar - day ( dim light ) close on Mr. gumb , as he settles a big pair of infra-re night -vision goggle over he eye . moth flutter past he face . his mouth be set in a grim line ... CUT to : ext . STREET in calumet CITY - front yard - day a hrt cop , prone beneath a hedge , be join by a 2nd hrt cop , who throw himself to the grass beside he . they both take aim with they scope rifle at - telephoto angle ( with rifle crosshair ) the front door of a big , nearby , split- level house ... CUT to : int . mr. gumb cellar - day ( dim light ) close on a fuse box , as Mr. gumb reach in , flip a switch . the light go out . SOUND of a second switch , and the cellar be bath in a green glow ... CUT to : ext . STREET in calumet CITY - neighbor be house - day a little boy , riding he tricycle in he driveway , be suddenly startle to find himself stare into the grim face of - a member of the hrt crouch by he garage , armed to the tooth . as the little boy start to cry , the cop pull he into the shadow , cover he mouth . CUT to : int . mr. gumb cellar - day ( GREEN light ) Mr. gumb , in he kimono and goggle , creep silently through he workroom - knee bent , paint toe place ever so delicately , the colt hold aloft - as more moth flutter past he in the eerie light ... CUT to : ext . STREET in calument CITY - day a florist 's van turn the corner , come slowly down the street and stop at the curb in front of the split-level . the driver , in a gray deliveryman 's uniform and cap , climb out of the cab , walk briskly to the panel door , on the street side of the van , and slide it open . he lean in , come out with a long , thin red-ribbone floral box , start calmly towards the house ... CUT to : int . mr. gumb cellar - day ( GREEN light ) mr. gumb be Pov - moving angle on the top of the oubliette , a glow green circle in the dark , as it draw closer and closer ... and then Catherine come into view , at the bottom of the pit . she be crouch , exhaust , stare straight up at he - but she can not see he in this infra-re darkness . precious be curl into she stomach , asleep . the futon be up to Catherine 's waist , but there 's a clear shot at she head and neck . mr. gumb look down at she , smile ... CUT to : ext . STREET in calumet CITY - suspect' house - day moving angle on the " deliveryman , " see from behind , as he mount three step to the split - level 's front porch . tucked into the small of he back if a 9 mm . automatic . crawford and burroughs have slip out of the van , and be crouch behind it now , with draw gun , watch tensely as - the " deliveryman " settles the floral box in the crook of he leave arm , reach out with he right hand towards the buzzer ... CUT to : int . mr. gumb cellar - day ( GREEN light ) slowly , savore the moment , Mr. gumb aim the big colt , which be already cocked , use both hand ... he be just about to squeeze the trigger , when we hear he door buzzer , surprisingly loud and close by . he turn , startle , and see - dusty black metal BOX the extension buzzer , mount high on the wall , which be make the hideous , grate jangle . it finally stop , but not before waking precious , who start frantically barking , off screen , as - mr. gumb raise he gun again , spin back towards - he Pov - the pit bottom where Catherine , hearing but still not see he , quickly yank the futon over both herself and the dog . instantly the two of they become one squirming , indistinguishable mass . mr. gumb bite he lip , he aim waver , as he can not decide where to safely place he shot . the madden buzzer sound again , even more insistently , and he cry out with frustration and fury . but as the buzzer continue , he reluctantly uncock he gun , look up angrily towards he front door ... CUT to : int . mr. gumb front door - day the door open , on a chain , and clarice peer in , smile . clarice good afternoon ... I wonder if you could help I . I be look for Mrs. lippman 's family ? Mr. gumb frown out at clarice . for the first time ever , we get a well - light view of he bland , pale - eye moon of a face . mr. gumb they do not live here anymore . CUT to : ext . front door of suspect' house - calumet CITY the " deliveryman " yank a 12 lb . sledgehammer from the floral box , swing it with all he might against the door knob , blow it through as - moving angle Crawford and burrough race towards the door , gun up ... CUT to : ext . mr. gumb front door - day Mr. gumb start to close the door , only to have clarice push back against it , politely but firmly . she hold up she id . clarice Excuse I , but I really do need to talk to you . this be Mrs. lippman 's house . do you know she ? mr. gumb ( beat ) just briefly . what 's the problem , Officer ? CUT to : int . suspect' house - calument CITY - day a bedroom window disintegrate as a flash grenade be shot through it , exploding on the floor . a instant later , a black - clad hrt cop dive through the shattered glass , roll across the floor , come up on one knee swiveling he saw - off shotgun ... CUT to : ext . mr. gumb front door - day clarice and Mr. gumb , still eyeing each other through the door crack ... clarice I be investigate the death of fredrica bimmel . who be you , please ? mr. gumb Jack Gordon . clarice Mr. Gordon , do you know fredrica when she work for Mrs. lippman ? mr. gumb no. wait ... be she a great , fat person ? I may have see she , I be not sure ... CUT to : int . suspect' house - calumet CITY - day moving angle as burrough move quickly down a hallway and enter the live room , where Crawford be stand , with he gun hold down by he side , surround by several other cop . burrough shake he head : nothing here ... CUT to : int . mr. gumb front hallway - day Mr. gumb glance briefly over he shoulder , towards he kitchen , then turn back to clarice with a smile . mr. gumb Mrs. lippman have a son , maybe he could help you . I have he card somewhere . do you mind step inside , while I look for it ? clarice thanks . angle favoring the colt python which rest on a counter , just inside the open kitchen doorway . through this doorway , we watch as Mr. gumb , at the end of he front hall , slip the chain . clarice enter , close the door behind she . CUT to : ext . front yard of suspect' house - calumet CITY - day moving angle - towards the front door , as frustrated hrt cop file out of the empty house , rifle sling across they shoulder . we pick out crawford walk across the grass towards the van , when all at once he stop in he track , shake by a sudden flash of intuition . camera rush very close on he stricken face ... crawford clarice . CUT to : int . mr. gumb parlor - day clarice , pull she notebook from she shoulder bag , glance around the musty - look room . mr. gumb ( o.s. ) that horrible business , I shiver every time I think about it ... overstuffed furniture , porcelain figurine . one archway onto the front hall , another onto a dining alcove , and through there , the kitchen . Mr. gumb be crossing to a roll desk , raise the top . he bend over , begin poke through cubby hole . his tone be casual , neutral . mr. gumb be they close to catch somebody , do you think ? clarice I think we may be , yes . Mr. gumb stiffen , almost imperceptibly . his back be to she , as he continue open drawer , rustling papers . clarice Mr. Gordon , do you take over this place after Mrs. lippman die ? mr. gumb yes . I buy the house from she , two year ago . clarice do she leave any record here ? tax or business record ? maybe a list of employee ? close on mr. gumb back as he continue he rummage . mr. gumb no , nothing at all . have the FBI learn something ? because the police here do not seem to have the first clue ... out of the fold of he kimono crawl a death 's - head moth . it creep slowly to the center of he back , raise its wing . mr. gumb do you have he description yet , or some fingerprint ...? clarice unaware , be still glance around the room . for several agonizing moment , we think she will not see the moth - but then she turn , do see it , and she eye freeze . a beat of pure fear . a tremendous struggle to keep she voice calm . clarice no ... no , we do not . very carefully , she drop she notebook back into she bag , lower the bag to the floor . with she fingertip she brushes back the edge of she blazer , loosen its drape . mr. gumb turn back towards she cheerfully , hold out a business card . mr. gumb ahhh . here 's that number . clarice keep she distance . they be about ten foot apart . clarice good , thank you . Mr. Gordon , do you have a phone I can use ? mr. gumb be about to reply when the moth suddenly fly up from behind he , flutter past he face . he turn , look at it . he look back at clarice , he mouth still open . her eye be unmove , lock on he . he eye stare back at she , widen . and they know each other . mr. gumb ( softly ) in the kitchen . I will show you . clarice whip she gun out , grip it in both shaking hand . clarice freeze ! mr. gumb slowly tilt he head to one side , smile at she . clarice try to force more authority into she voice . clarice okay ... okay , Mr. gumb , you be under arrest . down on the floor , hand and leg spread , move it . mr. gumb turn , then all at once , in two quick step , he be go , disappear into he dining alcove , then kitchen . clarice hesitates , just a split second , to shoot he in the back - and then it 's too late . clarice shit ! CUT to : int . mr. gumb kitchen - day clarice hurry inside , move low , swivelling she gun . her Pov - moving the kitchen be empty . to one side , a door still shudder on its hinge ... clarice rush to this - pause - then elbow the door aside , aim she gun down - a empty stairwell brightly light , lead to the cellar . two door face the bottom , both open . no sign of Mr. gumb . clarice hate this , hate this , which door , it 's a trap , what to do : she be very scared , but suddenly hear - the distant scream of Catherine Martin , somewhere down there in that kill maze . clarice rush through the doorway , and down the stair . behind her , on the kitchen counter there 's a empty space ; the colt python be go . CUT to : int . mr. gumb cellar - day moving angle - with clarice - hurry down the step . more scream ; they seem to be come from the leave door . clarice go that way , enter a brick - wall passage - pipe over - head , naked bulb . the lighting , though dim , be incandescent ; Mr. gumb have switch off he infra-re system . clarice come to a t-shape intersection , stop . another scream , again to she leave , and the barking of a dog ... clarice follow she gun around the corner , look right . empty passageway but door open off it - he could be lurking behind any of they . she look leave ... see a open onto some kind of chamber . the noise be louder , come from there . clarice move cautiously towards this chamber ... CUT to : int . oubliette chamber - day ( dimly lit ) clarice move in , hugging the wall , gun swivelling ... her Pov - moving the open top of the pit ... beyond it , the other two doorway , open onto this room - Jesus , he could come through either one of they , or come up behind she ... she move to the pit , look down , very briefly , see Catherine scream , hysterical , and a little white dog barking ... clarice kneel , stare up from one door to another , she can not cover they all , she 's totally expose - and what 's a dog do there ? clarice FBI , Catherine , you be safe . catherine safe , shit , he 's get a gun ! getmeout . get I out ! clarice you be all right ! where be he ? catherine get I out ! clarice I will get you out ! just be quiet so I can hear . shut that dog up . ( still swivelling ) be there a ladder ? be there a rope ? catherine I do not know ! get I out !! clarice Catherine . listen to I . I have to find a rope . I have to leave this room , just for a minute , but - catherine nooooo ! you fuck bitch do not you leave I down here , don 't you - you clarice shut up ! ( then , louder ) the other officer will be here any minute ! you be perfectly safe now ! ignoring Catherine , whose shout turn to sob , she back away , turn , pick one of the other doorway , move into it quickly . CUT to : int . new passageway - day ( dimly lit ) clarice' Pov - moving down this passageway , towards a new room ... pause at the doorway , strain to hear ... no sound except Catherine 's crying , not in the background , and clarice 's own rapid breathing . then she crouch - lower angle - burst forward , through the doorframe , sidestepping ... CUT to : int . workroom - day ( dimly lit ) clarice weave back and forth , half - crouch , gun out , back to the wall . her face glisten with sweat , as she take in ... her Pov - moving nervously Mr. gumb 's sewing machine ... he swivel chair ... the old Victrola ... Big moth be crash into the light bulb , overhead ; they be everywhere . suddenly , from just behind she , a click and a hum , and - clarice spin , almost shoot , before see - a SMALL refrigerator with its thermostat just switch on . clarice gasp for breath , fight for calm . she turn again , slashing she free hand at the moth , move quickly on ... CUT to : int . skinning room - day ( dimly lit ) clarice move past the mannequin , all of they naked now ... then quickly past the huge chinese armoire , ready to shoot into it . its door yawn open ; it be empty except for several padded hanger ... she move on , past the big sink , with its dripping faucet ... the counter , with its gleam knife ... the row of chemical jar . at the end of this room be a close door clarice start to open it , then hesitates . look around , she seize a wooden chair , wedge it under the door know , sealing off this section of the cellar . with she back thus defend , she turn , softly retrace she step . CUT to : int . workroom - day ( dimly lit ) pass again through the workroom , clarice pause , see a half - curtain door , to one side , that she have previously skirt . she cross to the door , listen and hear no sound inside , take a deep breath and reach for the knob . she twist it , and , as it turn , shove hard and follow she gun inside , all in one quick move ... CUT to : int . bathroom - day ( brightly lit ) a old - fashioned bathroom : tile floor , sink , toilet - and a big , free-stand tub . a opaque shower curtain , suspend from a oval ring , hide whatever might be inside . clarice center she gun on the curtain , at chest height , and yank it aside with she leave hand . no one stand there . something lower down catch she eye . she lean in , stare more closely , not understanding , at first , that she 's see - female hand and wrist stick up from the tub , which be fill with hard red-purple plaster . the hand be dark and shrivel , with pink nail polish and a dainty wristwatch . as - clarice be reacting with horror to this sight , the light go out , to be replace , a split - second later , by the eerie green glow of Mr. gumb 's infra-re system . clarice cry out , turn blindly , reach for the door , can not find it , free hand claw desperately into what be , for she , utter darkness . SOUND of Catherine keening again , in the far distance . clarice stumble , go to she knee , rights herself , finally clutches the door frame ... CUT to : int . mr. gumb workroom - day ( GREEN light ) clarice emerge from the bathroom in a half - crouch , arm out , both hand on the gun , extend just below the level of she unsee eye . she stop , listen . in she raw - nerve darkness , every SOUND be unnaturally magnify - the hum of the refrigerator ... the trickle of water ... she own terrify breathing , and Catherine 's faraway , echoing sob ... moth smack against she face and arm . she ease forward , then stop again , listen ... she ease forward again , follow she gun , and creep directly in front of , and then past - mr. gumb who have flatten himself against a wall , arm spread like a high priest , colt in one hand . he wear he goggle and kimono , and under that - drape down over he naked arm , like some hideous mantle - he terrifying , half - complete suit of human skin . this be a exquisite moment for he - a ritual of supreme exaltation . he smile at clarice as , completely unaware , she move beyond he , expose she back . very slowly and quietly he step out behind she , take he gun in both hand , aim ... close on the colt python as - in slow motion - he thumb cock the hammer , the SOUND register as a loud metallic click , and - clarice spin , still in slow motion , flame already leaping from she gun muzzle , as we see - the two figure almost at point- black range , gun roaring hugely , one flash from Mr. gumb , and one two three four flash from clarice , overlap he , and then , as the echoes crash deafeningly - close on clarice - low angle - with normal speed restore , as the side of she face hit the floor , and she be gasp , stunne by the noise and flame ; there be blood on she check , and a ugly powder burn , but she ignore they , twist to yank she speedloader from she jacket pocket , lock it blindly onto she gun 's cylinder , reloading , right in front of she face , then roll onto she stomach , aim she gun upward again , blink she dazzle eye , strain to locate he in the darkness ... where be he , where ...? then , as the echoes finally fade , she hear something else - a torture , suck , whistle from perhaps eight foot away ... moving angle - with clarice as she crawl forward , on she elbow , follow she gun , until it bump against Mr. gumb 's shoulder . he be lie on he back , chest a bloody mess . she slide she muzzle against he head , hard , but he do not move ; another shot be not need . he stare upwards , through he goggle , bloody lip work . he try to speak , but cannot . one hand reach slowly upwards , the finger twitching , as if to seize something , overhead ... then a final , ghastly groan , he hand drop , he be dead . clarice feel for a pulse at he neck , make sure . then , and only then , do she permit herself to roll over , collapse onto she back beside he . overhead angle down at the two face - intimately close together , like lover on they pillow . then , as we pull slowly away , we see that she stare eye , and he dead gaze , be both lock onto - a death's-head moth - perch on a infra-re bulb , overhead , its wing pump slowly . SOUND upcut - wail siren , many excited voice , as we ... dissolve to : ext . mr. gumb house - dusk the front porch of the tall victorian house be bath in a glare of tv light , police and ambulance flasher . Cars and van and even a firetruck choke the street ; cop , reporter , ems worker and curious civilian swarm around the ineffective barricade . the buzz of they voice go even higher as clarice daze , she face bandage - come out of the house , walk protectively beside Catherine , who be wheeled on a gurney . they be follow out by uniform cop , then two firemen with a extension ladder . Catherine , blink in confusion , be still clutching the little dog , and refuse to give she up even as she 's trundle into a ambulance . clarice sway with exhaustion ; everyone seem to be shouting at she at once , pull she sleeve . she try to fight free of they , desperate for a familiar face . a ohio highway patrol car pull up , stop , and Crawford climb out of the back seat . he make he way anxiously through the press of body , stop when he see clarice . they look at one another for a long moment , Crawford choke with pride for she , with sorrow for she ordeal , with love , but unable to find any word . and then he do . crawford starl ... you father see you . and then all at once she be sobbing , she knee give way , but he be there to catch she , he be hugging she fiercely . hold on they for a long beat . director burke ( v.o. ) ( over loudspeaker ) congratulation ! you be now officer of the Federal Bureau of investigation ... dissolve to : ext . ground of the FBI academy - week later - day the forty member of clarice 's class , resplendent in they best dark suit and dress , rise , cheer themselves , then turn happily to wave to they audience , as applause mount . Beyond they , on a gaily tent platform , the director stand behind he podium . clarice and ardelia look at one another solemnly . ardelia hold up both fist , in a power shake , and clarice tap they with she own . she be radiantly beautiful in a navy dress and pearl , the thin scar on she cheek almost heal . ardelia turn , wave towards the crowd , the clarice 's thought be elsewhere . she turn , search among the dignitary on the platform , till she locate crawford who smile back at she with quiet pride , and offer a little salute . clarice grin - more happy than we have ever see she - then turn to wave towards the crowd with the other . moving angle over the admire sea of spectator , several hundred of they , still rise from they fold chair , applauding in celebration of this special young people , this perfect , sunlit day . SOUND upcut - rock music , laughter - as we ... dissolve to : int . academy dorm - rec room - that night a loud party be underway - food , beer , dance - as the new grad celebrate ferociously . ardelia weave she way through the crowded room , reach clarice , who be flanke by she special guest - pilcher and roden , the two ardent scientist . ardelia have to shout at clarice over the din . ardelia agent starl ! telephone ! clarice ( surprised ) agent mapp ! thank you ! she nod to pilcher , leave they . roden , who be quite happily drunk , grab the startle ardelia around the waist . roden hel - lo , gorgeous ! let 's get down . ardelia look at pilcher , confuse . pilcher just ignore he . he 's not a Ph.D. CUT to : int . dorm hallway - night clarice pick up the dangle pay phone , speak happily . clarice starl . dr . lecter ( v.o. ) well , clarice , have the lamb stop scream ...? she freeze , stunne by the familiar voice . then she turn , wave frantically towards ardelia who be just inside the rec room door , at the end of the hall , lose in conversation with pilcher and roden . ardelia glance at she briefly but misunderstand , wave cheerfully back . dr . lecter ( v.o. ) do not bother with a trace , I will not be on long enough . clarice turn back , grip the phone more tightly . clarice where be you , Dr. lecter ? CUT to : ext . a clear night sky very beautiful , glitter with countless star . dr . lecter ( o.s. ) where I have a view , clarice ... moving down we see a roll lawn , a curving bay . boat ride at anchor , light shimmer ... dr . lecter ( o.s. ) orion be look splendid tonight , and arcturus , the herdsman , with he flock ... dr . lecter smile into he mobile phone . he be stretch out on a lounger , on a tile patio , languidly pare a orange with a penknife . his appearance be quite alter - a beard , glass , lighter hair . he 's have some cosmetic surgery , as well . dr . lecter ( into phone ) you lamb be still for now , clarice , but not forever ... you will have to earn it again and again , this bless silence . because it 's the plight that drive you , and the plight will never end . clarice Dr. lecter - dr . lecter I have no plan to call on you , clarice , the world be more interesting with you in it . be sure you extend I the same courtesy . clarice ( v.o. ) you know I can not make that promise . dr . lecter Goodbye , clarice ... ( and then , softly ) you look - so very lovely today , in you blue suit . CUT to : int . dorm hallway - night as clarice react , the fill weight of he word sink in . clarice Dr. lecter ... Dr. lecter ...! but only a dial tone come from the phone . she be still stare at she receiver , in shock , as we - CUT back to : ext . the moonlit patio Dr. lecter sigh , set he phone down , then rise . pop a orange section into he mouth , he turn towards the brightly light house . stepping delicately over the sprawle body of a uniform security guard , he walk in through open french door . CUT to : int . a booklined study in a swivel chair , amidst the wreckage of he papers and book , be the writhe figure of Dr. Frederick chilton . the extreme intricacy of he binding recall Dr. lecter 's own former restraint . his scream be muffle by the tape over he mouth ; he stare at Dr. lecter like a rabbit trap in headlight . dr . lecter consider he for a genial moment , then raise the little pen-knife . his eye be twinkle . dr . lecter well , Dr. chilton . shall we begin ? fade out the end