the prestige written by Jonathan nolan &amp ; Christopher nolan fade in : top hat . cluster in a small glade . as we super title , a black cat slink its way through they . as title end - borden ( v.o . ) be you watch closely ? a second black cat race into frame , hissing , spitting , chasing the first cat into the wood beyond and we - CUT to : int . cluttered workshop -- day move along a row of canary in cage . cutter ( v.o . ) every magic trick consist of three part , or act ... stop at a cage . Weathered hand envelope the canary . hand and voice belong to a man in he 60' - cutter . cutter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the first part be call the pledge ... a little girl persh on a chest in the workshop , watch . cutter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... the magician show you something ordinary - cutter move to a small ornate cage rest on a prop table . cutter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a deck of card , be a bird ... int . scala theatre , london -- night a pack house . many hand raise . move in on a beard man , he glove hand tentatively rise into the air . cutter ( v.o . ) ...or a man . a glamorous assistant beckon bearded man from the aisle . he shuffles along he row towards she . embarrass . cutter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he show you this object , and pledge to you its utter normality ... bearbe man and four other volunteer follow the Assistant down towards the stage ... 2 . on which stand the magician , lean on he cane , smile . this be ROBERT angier , 35 , a american . loom over he be a large and complex eletrical machine . cutter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) perhaps he ask you to inspect it ... bearbe man , fascinated , and other volunteer look over the vast machine . as angier gesture theatrically at the various feature of the metal and glass apparatus . cutter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ...to see that it be indeed real ... as the Assistant lead the volunteer off the stage , bearded man slip through the gap at the side of the curtain - cutter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ...unaltered ... int . stage theatre , backstage -- continuous - look around , disoriented , then dart for some stair leagind below stage where he run into a burly stagehand . cutter ( v.o . ) ...normal . stagehand where would you think you be go ?! cutter ( v.o . ) but , of course , it probably be not ... bearded man pull off he beard , revealing the face of alfred borden , mid 30' . beard man I be part of the act , you fool ! the stagehand raise he eyebrow and step aside . borden race down below the stage . cutter approach the stagehand . cutter who be that ? int . scala theatre , onstage -- continuous as the machine groans to life . sparking and crackling , angier gaze at it , forgettig he audience . entrance . possess . int . beneath the stage -- continuous borden fumble through the darkn area , light by flash and spark through gap in the board of the stage above . he gasp as a flash illuminate a stagehand with solid white eye sit nearby . borden wave a hand in front of the 3. int . workshop -- day cutter gently place the canary into the ornate cage . cutter ( v.o . ) the second act be call the turn ... int . scala theatre , onstage -- night angier , face the audience , step into the machine . cutter ( v.o . ) the magician take the ordinary something ... int . beneath the stage -- continuous borden light a match . in front of he be a large glass tank filled with water , its lid propped OPEN . borden frown . cutter ( v.o . ) ... and make it do something extraordianry . int . workshop -- day cutter place a silk shawl over the cage . then slam he hand down on the shawl , which flatten - the Little girl flinch . then stare , fascinated . cutter ( v.o . ) now you be look for the secret . int . scala theatre , onstage -- night bolt of electicity draw inwards , wrapping angier in a ball of light which crack - cutter ( v.o . ) but you will not find it ... int . beneath the stage -- continuous the room fill with light as a trapdoor snap open and a body drop into the tank . cutter because of course , you be not really look ... the lid of the tank and trapdoor above SNAP shut , leave the tank , and borden , in complete darkness . cutter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... you do not really want to know . 4. int . workshop -- day cutter whip the shawl from the table . cage and bird have disappeared . cutter ( v.o . ) ... you want to be fool . the Little girl stare , expectant . cutter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but you could not clap yet . because make something disappear be not enough ... you have to bring it back . int . scala theatre , onstage -- continuous the machine sputter to a stop . angier be gone . the audience sit , waiting . cutter ( v.o . ) that 's why every magic trick have a third act . the hardest part .. , int . workshop -- day cutter form a fist . drape the shawl over it . cutter ( v.o . ) ... the part we call ... cutter whip the shawl away to reveal - the canary . the Little girl clap . int . beneath the stage -- night borden light another match . stare in horror - cutter ( v.o . ) ... the Prestige . Inside the tank , angier be drowning . his roll eye fix on borden , he pound desperately on the thick glass , scream bubble ... the screen fade to black . prosecutor ( v.o . ) the Prestige ...? int . courtroom -- day the prosecutor turn to face the witness in the box : cutter . prosecutor and do Robert angier , the great danton , you employer , get to that final part of he trick that night ? 5 . cutter no , sir . something go wrong . prosecutor what go wrong ? cutter I see a someone head below the stage ... I follow ... and I find borden - cutter point at the dock : borden be there , chained to the floor . flanked by guard . cutter point . cutter ( cont 'd ) - watch Mr. angier drow in a tank . prosecutor would you describe you occupation to the jury please , mr.cutter ? cutter I be a ingeneur . I design illusion and construct the apparatus necessary for perfom they . prosecutor and for how long have you be mr.angier 's " ingeneur " ? cutter eight year . I be privvy to the secret of he entire act . prosecutor so , mr.cutter , be this water - fill tank beneath the stage part of mr.angier 's illusion - the illusion bill as " the real transported man " ? cutter no , sir . the tank have be use for the first trick , then take offstage . borden must have put it under the trap door after the interval . cutter look across at borden , who be absently tapping he hand against the rail - it be mutilated , missing 2 1/2 finger . the defender stand . defender how large be this tank ? cutter the sort of tank use for underwater escape - four or five hundred gallon . 6 . defender how do you think mr.borden be able to move the tank under the trap door without anyone notice ? cutter ask he - he 's the magician . titter from the gallery . the defenser turn to the judge . defender ( impatient ) I ask again that this man explain the mechanic of mr.angier 's illusion . cutter ( angry ) if I reveal my magician 's secret here in open court , I will be unemployable and the secret will be worthless . the Real transport man be the most seek - after illusion in the business and I have the right to sell it on . the judge consider this . he look at cutter . sympathetic . judge mr.cutter , I see you predicament but we be talk about a capital offence - Alfred borden 's life hang in the balance . cutter look down . quiet . judge ( cont 'd ) if you be prepare to disclose the detail to I in private , I might be able to judge they relevance to the case . ( address lawyer ) might this be a acceptable compromisse ? amid murmur of assent , the judge adjourn the proceedings . as the Guards begin the complex ritual of unlock borden 's chainsa from the floor , borden 's look across the courtroom : the little girl from the open stand in the gallery , look back at he . borden give she a little wave . she wave back , then be guide out by a man wear glove and bowler hat - this be fallon . he nod at borden . 7. ext . prison yard , newgate prison -- day owen , 50 's a lawyer , stand at the entry gate . the captain of the guard walk out to greet he . captain I be go to have to ask you to turn out you pocket . owen raise he eyebrow . captain ( cont 'd ) not my idea , sir . the warden see he show in Manchester last year where he vanish into thin air - he 's convinced he will try a escape . owen smile as he hand over he pocket watch and wallet . they walk along a hall wringht iron fence . the prison loom over they . a door in the prison open and borden emerge , truss absurdly in chain hold by two warder . the other inmate begin cattle - call and whistling as borden be parade up to a wooden section of the fence . captain ( cont 'd ) I tell he the only way borden 's go to disappear be if I leave he out with the other immate . at the fence , the warder lock the end of they chain to a thick eye hook set into the ground . captain ( cont 'd ) ( to warder ) check the lock . twice . they check the lock . then retreat to allow privacy . the Captain march away . borden look at owen . bore . owen my name be owen - I be a solicitor . borden say nothing . owen ( cont 'd ) I represent Lord caldlow , and accomplish amateur magician and historian of magic - borden how much ? owen Lord caldlow be interested in - 8. borden ( cold ) how much for my trick ? owen five thousand pound . borden talk to fallon , my ingenuer - the money 's for he . owen I do . he offer to sell all of you trick ... except the most valuable one - the transport man . borden I would never forgive myself for sell my great trick . borden signal the warden to come and unlock he . owen even for you daughter ? borden look up . owen move closer , quietly assertive . owen ( cont 'd ) if the newspaper be right , and you be for the drop , you daughter 's go to need look after borden fallon can take care of - owen Bernard fallon ? a man with a past even more obscure than you own ? the court have already motion to have the girl remove from he " care " . no , the girl be to be a orphan . I have be to the work house ... owen look around the prison yard . shrug . owen ( cont 'd ) it 's better than this . borden look at owen , hard . the warder unlock borden . owen ( cont 'd ) I be offer you a way to warp up you affair with dignity , and I be offer you daughter a future . as Lord caldlow 's ward she will want for nothing . ever . ( hand he a card ) think it over . 9. borden absently vanish the card as a reflex . owen ( cont 'd ) Lord caldlow want you to have this - ( produce a leather bound journal ) as a show of good faith . he think it might be of interest . a sullen walder talk the journal , flick through it . owen ( cont 'd ) Robert angier 's diary ... it include the time he spend in Colorado learn you trick ... sullen hand the journal to borden . borden take it . borden angier never learn my trick . owen really ? when he return from Colorado he mount a version of the transport man that the papers say be better , even ... ( with relish ) than you original . borden ( acid ) if you want angier 's secret you can dig he up and ask he for yourself . borden turn , drag the warder with he . owen I want you secret , mr.borden ... ( louder ) consider you daughter ! int . cell , newgate prison -- day borden , on the bed , open angier 's journal . start to read ... angier ( v.o . ) a cypher . a enigma ... CUT to : letter on a page . in meaningless combination . gibberish . int . train , mountain -- dusk aniger , with a sigh , close a cardboard - cover notebook . open he leather - bound journal . start to write . 10 . angier ( v.o . ) ... borden 's cypher be simple - unravel by a single word . now it take only patience . and a passion to know he mind . angier llok up at he own reflection in the train window . ext . train station -- dusk no platform , no office , no sign . just a electric streetlight which , as angier watch , flicker on . angier , lean heavily on he cane limp over to the light and stare up at it as he 's never see one before . voice ( o.s. ) mr.angier ? welcome to Colorado Springs . angier look back and smile . a driver be look down expectantly from atop a stagecoach . angier hand he cane up to the driver no , with some difficulty , hitches he way up to the roof of the rig . as he do , the town of Colorado Springs rise into view , a few hundred yard down the road , light brightly with electric streetlights . angier ( disbelief ) the whole town have electricity ? the driver nod and whip the horse into action . ext . road , pike' peak -- evening the stagecoach fly along , inch from a precipitious drop . it round a corner and pull to a halt in front of the cliff house inn , equal part log cabin and crystal palace . int . cliff house inn -- continuous the lobby be cavernous and immaculate . the entire staff of the hotel - bellboys , maids , cook , and gardener - be line up along the side like a regiment of soldier . angier reach the reception desk and the smile manager . angier quit a reception . manager you be we first guest of the season , mr.angier . ( open guest book ) you telegram do not indicate how long you would be stay with we . 11 . angier as long as it take . ( sign book ) I will need a coach tomorrow to take I up the mountain . manager the peak be close , sit . for scientific experimentation . angier ( smile ) that 's why I be here . ext . road , pike' peak -- morning a stagecoach rumble along a dirt track , the driver pull on he reign and the coach pull to a stop . driver you have to walk the reat , I be afraid , sir . angier nod . lower himself down to the roadway . ext . clearing , pike' peak -- morning angier come through the tree to find a wire fence with a sign : extreme danger - no trespassing Beyond the fence be a compound of three barn . rising from the center barn be a 200ft steel tower cap with a giant steel ball . giant arcing bolt of electricity run down the tower from the ball . the window of the building radiath with blue explosion . angier stop forward , entrance , and thread he finger through the fence . he be send flying backwards -- the fence have be electrify . the tower be shut off - a door open and a stout little man , shotgun under one arm , march up to the fence . he use a rubber pad to pry open the fence and stand over angier , who be curled on the ground , grownling in pain , try to stand . shotgun I be amaze at how many of you newspaper writer can not read mu sign . shotgun pick up angier 's cane and hand it to he . angier not the welcome I be expect . shotgun recognize angier , amazed . 12 . shotgun I know you . you be that magician - the great danton . ( help angier up ) I be alley . I see you show . in London . Seven time - you guess every object the audience have in they pocket . angier lean on he cane and gently brushes off the dirt . alley I be sorry about the fence . people keep interfere with we work . angier I have come to see tesla . alley why ? angier he build a machine for a- for a colleague of mine . a long time ago . can you get I a meeting with he ? ( off he look ) I have come a very long way . alley impossible , I be afraid . angier I have bring a lot of money . beat . alley I be sorry , mr.angier . I simply can not help you . alley pull the fence close . angier I will be stay at the hotel . indefinitely . alley watch angier walk away . he pull something from he pocket . alley what be I hold ? angier do not look back . angier you watch . alley grins , open he hand . he be hold a gold watch . 13 . int . HOTEL room , colorado -- day angier sit , the cardboard - bound notebook on the table in front of he . he make a notation in he own journal as he decipher borden 's word . angier ( v.o . ) April 3rd , 1893 ... a few day after he first meet I ... angier run he finger along the first line , translate ... borden ( v.o . ) we be too young man at the start of a great career ... int . theatre -- night borden sit in the audience . younger - both hand intact . borden ( v.o . ) two young man devote to a illusion ... two row in front sit angier . similarly youthful . borden ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) two young man who never intend to hurt anyone . onstage be a tank . stand beside the tank be a beautiful young magician 's assistant . julia . the magician , milton , adress the audience . milton which of you brave soul be willing to bind this lovely young woman ... milton gesture to Julia - the men in the crowd go wild - hand in the air , catcall . smiling radiantly , Julia select two young man , who scramble up to the stage - angier and borden : young , full of energy - angier have no limp . they spring onto stage , beside Julia and take the rope she offer they . milton grab a hook that descend from the fly on a chain . cutter be watch fron the wing . milton ( cont 'd ) be either of you two gentleman gailor ? both shake they hand as they start to bind Julia with the rope , borden wrapping the rope around she wrist , angier the one around she ankle . 14 . milton ( cont 'd ) well , I be sure you can both tie a strong knot ... as borden finish he knot test it , it slip apart . borden frown , hastly retying it , cover . cutter notice . borden finish , glance at julia who give a small sign of assent with she eye . as angier finish tie she ankle he sneak a light kiss on she ankle . she frown at he and raise she arm . milton hook the rope onto the chain . milton gesticulates in the wing , cutter signal to a stagehand who start hoisting Julia into the air . milton wheel the tank under Julia 's bare foot . cutter feel for the handle of a axe place by he foot and pull out a stopwatch . julia look down at angier . they smile at each other . Julia drop into the tank with a massive splash - milton slam the lid shut , padlock it and raise a curtain around the tank ... cutter check he stopwatch , grip the handle of the axe ... a grand gesture from milton - the curtain around the tank drop - Julia be gone . milton raise the curtain again , then with another flourish , drop it to reveal julia , beside the tank , one arm in the air , drip wet , smile . the audience erupt in applause . angier smile produly . int . dressing room -- night angier , borden and Julia sit around the cluttere room . borden be in the middle of a passionate rant - borden milton 's squadering they goodwill or a bunch of tired second - hand trick - angier ( amuse ) Old favourite , please . borden what about something fresh ? he will not even try a bullet catch - cutter ( o.s. ) bullet catch be suicide . they turn . cutter stand in the doorway , count out money . 15 . cutter ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) all it take be a smart - arse volunteer drop a button down the barrel ... borden ( indicate himself and angier ) use plant - angier he can not use plant for every trick . julia there would be no seat leave for the punter . borden Fine - no bullet catch . but a real magician try to invent something new , something other magician scratch they head over - cutter they sell it to they for a small fortune . cutter hand angier some money . cutter ( cont 'd ) I suposse you have such a trick , mr.borden ? angier actually , I do . cutter Care to sell it ? borden no one else could do my trick . angier I could . borden you do not even know what it be . angier show it to I twice , I will do it . cutter look at borden , thoughtful . cutter I admire you spirit , mr.angier . but if borden here really have invent he masterpiece it might well be something only he can do . 16 . angier why ? cutter it might be something only he be prepare to do . ( gesture to the prop ) my illusion employer , mr.milton , be a skilled showman . but borden 's right - he will not get he hand dirty . you want to see what it take to make real magic - go to the tenley . there 's a chinaman there who 's get what it take . angier chung ling soo. borden ticket be pricey . cutter I know a lad on the door . you two watch he show - whoever tell I how he do he goldfish bowl trick get the prize . angier which be ? cutter give a sly smile . cutter ten minute onstage in front of my old friend , mr.ackerman . angier and borden prick up at the name . julia who 's ackerman ? borden the most powerful theatrical agent in London . cutter hold out money to borden , who reach for it - cutter grab he wrist . serious . cutter I see you drop the knot again , borden . julia I think I have my wrist turn - 17 . cutter ( ignoring julia ) some night you just can not get it , can you ? if that knot slip when Julia 's on the hoist she will break a leg . borden ( defensive ) it 's the wrong knot . a langford double would hold tighter . cutter the langford double 's not a wet knot it 's too dangerous . the rope could swell and she would never slip it - julia I can slip a lanford underwater . borden we have be practice it - angier ( cutting in ) he say no . Julia glance at angier . cutter ( to borden ) no more mistake . borden stare at cutter . leave . angier watch he go . angier where 's he from ? cutter where be you from ? angier nod . Fair enough . cutter ( cont 'd ) he shuffles prop for Virgil at the Hall . angier he work for another magician ? be not you worried he will steal you trick ? cutter ( shake head ) he do not deal in method . angier how do you know ? 18 . cutter ( sly smile ) because I hire he to try and find out Virgil 's orange trick . angier I do not know if I trust he . cutter he 's a natural magician . of course you can not trust he . julia I think he 's alright . angier turn to Julia . smile . angier you think everyone 's alright . julia even you . Julia kiss angier . cutter rise . cutter and mr.angier ...? ( angier look up ) learn you aight line - if I can see you sneaking a peck on you wife 's ankle from the wing , the bloke on each end of row 3 and 4 can , too . int . theatre , convent garden -- evening borden watch from the wing . onstage , a magician , Virgil , lock a canary into a cage then cover the cage with a shawl . borden notice a beautiful young woman in the front row with a little boy who be watch Virgil 's act , spellbound . Virgil slam the shawl down onto the table , as if nothing be beneath it , then whip it away - bird and cage be go . the little boy begin to wail and cry . borden watch as the young woman try to make he stop . Virgil take the flower from he lapel , cover it with the shawl , and snap it away - the flower have become the canary . the audience burst into enthusiastic applause , but the little boy be still crying inconsolably . Virgil take bow and walk off , hand borden the canary as he pass backstage . as the audience leave , borden climb off the stage and hol the bird in front of the boy . borden look - he 's all right . he 's fine . 19 . boy ( sniff ) but where 's he brother ? borden be at a loss . he turn to the young woman . borden sharp lad , you son . young woman ( laugh ) my brother . borden smile back . int . workshop -- later borden gently stroke the bird 's feathered head . borden you be the lucky one tonight . borden walk to a wall of dozen of bird cage -- each one with a identical canary . he put the bird into its cage and return to the cart prop . he tap on the top of the table - a panel pop open , revealing the flattended bird cage . borden inseft a rod into the bird cage and pry it apart . a trickle of blood emerge , drip into a bucket below . borden slap the cage . and the flattened carcass of the original bird slide out and splashes into the bucket . ext . stage door -- evening borden exit . the young woman , sarah , be there with she brother . borden ( to the brother ) be you watch closely ? borden reach to the Boy 's ear . casually produce a coin . the Boy marvel as he take the coin then look at borden . borden ( cont 'd ) look closer . boy it 's get two head . Sarah smile . borden crouch to address the Boy , grave . borden never . show. anyone . 20 . the Boy look at he , a little afraid . borden ( cont 'd ) they will beg you and flatter you for the secret - but as soon as you give it up you will be nothing to they . understand ? nothing . the secret impress no one - the trick you use it for be everything . borden look into the boy 's stare eye . then smile and pet he on the head . he stand . Sarah smile at he . borden ( cont 'd ) where do you two live ? sarah he life with mum . borden and you ? int . stairwell -- evening Sarah linger at the top of the stair to she flat . borden try to kiss she , but she push he back . he test the lock of the open door . borden enough to keep I out ? sarah I think so . wil I see you again ? borden shrug and turn to go back down the stair . Sarah look after he , about to change she minute . hesitates . int . sarah' flat -- continuous she close the door and lock it , smile . after a moment she pad through live / kitchen area , draw back the curtain to she bedroom and shriek : borden be there , smile . Sarah move towards he , giggle . int . tenley theatre -- night onstage , chung ling soo , 60' , wear a long silk robe , hobble painfully to the center of the stage . clearly crippled . in the audience , borden and angier watch intently . soo lay a silk shawl and a bare table . he whip it up , revealing a bouquet of rose . so repeat the trick again and again , produce a different object each time . finally , with a drum roll , soo whip the shawl aside to reveal a massive goldfish BOWL , complete with goldfish . 21 . to thunderous applause , soo bow and hobble off the stage . angier , clap , shake he head , utterly baffle . he turn to borden . who have a small , know , smile . ext . restaurant -- night borden and angier watch soo be help down from he carriege by handlers who treat he with great gentleness . angier you be wrong . it can not be . borden it be . he carry the bowl between he knee for the entire performance . angier but look at the man ! borden ( point ) this be the trick . this be why no one detect he method . soo hobble into the restaurant , frail , and fragile . borden ( cont 'd ) total devotion to he art ... ( look at angier ) utter self - sacrifice . it 's the only way to escape this . borden slap the brick of the wall behind they . int . bedsit -- night Julia , in bed , watch angier , sheet wrap around he like a robe , hobbling . he pull up the sheeyt - between he knee be a goldfish bowl . angier I can barely lift this thing and it 's not even fill with water . or fish . he must be strong as a ox . julia ( incredulous ) he 's be pretede to be a cripple for year ? angier any time he 's in public . any time he go out . it 's unthinkable . angier put the bowl down with a flourish . climb into bed . 22. angier ( cont 'd ) borden see it at once . I could not fathom it - live you whole life pretend to be someone else . julia you be pretend to be someone else . angier I do not think change you name compare . julia not just you name - who you be , where you be from ... angier I promise my family I would not embarrass they with my theatrical endeavor . angier cuddle up to Julia . julia I come up with a name for you ... " the great danton " ( angier frowns ) you do not like it ? it 's sophisticated . angier it 's french . int . bedsit -- day Sarah unlock the door , but have to push against magical prop stack against it - the bedsit be filled with device . sarah Alfred ?! Sarah survey the confusion - spot borden across the flat deep in conversation with another man . borden spot she - borden we have we routine for ackerman ! the other man turn - it be fallon . sarah ( cold ) we have not have the pleasure . fallon nod . borden come over , hold a dueling pistol . borden Mr. fallon be my ingeneur - 23. sarah where do yo get all of - borden beg , borrow and do not ask . Mr. fallon 's a enterprise soul . sarah I need talk to you . fallon slip past Sarah with a nod to borden . exit . Sarah look at borden . tense . sarah ( cont 'd ) we can not afford to pay he - borden we will start make money once we have we audience - sarah and until then ? what I earn be barely enough for we . borden ( shrug ) I will give he half of my food . Sarah look meaningfully at borden . sarah you be already go to be share it with someone else . borden look at she , confuse . then realize . borden you be ...? sarah have a baby . borden freeze . then smile , take she in he arm . she flinch against the gun he be hold . sarah ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? borden the trick to wake up ackerman at the end of my audition . sarah you great trick ? the " masterpiece that will make we fortune " ? 24 . borden no . the world be not ready for that one , yet . borden move to the bureau and start loading the gun . pour in shot , then wadding ... borden ( cont 'd ) this be merely a run-of - the-mill dare and spectacular bullet catch - borden drop the bullet into the barrel ... sarah I be not let you get shot . borden ram the bullet and charge down then remove the ramrod and hand the pistol to Sarah . borden it 's perfectly safe . shoot I . Sarah look at borden then down at the pistol . she aim at borden . then sim off , at a mirror beside he . bang . borden 's hand snap out to " catch " the bullet . the mirror be intact . borden look at Sarah , grave , as he reveal the bullet in he hand . sarah show I . ( borden shake head ) then you be not do it . I can not raise a child on my own , Alfred . borden look at she . take the bullet from she and place it on the bureau . borden the bullet go in the gun . then come the ramrod . he take the ramrod and push it down onto the bullet , which disappear . borden ( cont 'd ) and voil - he point the ramrod at Sarah - she pull the bullet out of the hollow tip . borden ( cont 'd ) the buller 's not even in the gun when the charge be fire . Sarah look at ramrod with disdain . 25 . sarah once you know it 's so obvious . borden bristle slightly . take the bullet back . borden yes , well , people still get kill perfom it . sarah how ? borden sme smart - arse drop something down the barrel . sarah such as ? borden a penny , or a button . or , of course , a bullet . ( off worried look ) but do not fret - borden embrace she , put he hand on she belly . borden ( cont 'd ) I be not let anything happen - I love you too much . Sarah grab he face , look at he eye , smile . sarah say it again . borden I love you . sarah ( matter-of -fact ) nope . not today . borden what ? sarah ( smile ) some day , it 's not true . todayt you do not mean it . maybe today you be more in love with magic than I . ( off look ) it 's alright . I like be able to tell the difference - it make the day it be true mean something . borden shake he head , grin . 26 . int . HOTEL room , colorado -- night angier close borden 's notebook . he look across at a photograph of julia on the table . reaches for he own diary . angier ( v.o. ) borden write as if no one but he understand the true nature of magic ... int . cell , newgate prison -- day borden sit on he cot read angier 's journal . angier ( v.o. ) ... but what do he know of self - sacrifice more than the rest of we ? borden look up from angier 's journal . borden bloody fool . borden toss the book across the cell . int . evidence room , warhouse -- day a policeman open the door for the judge and cutter . policeman ( pointing ) it 's all laid out down the end , you honour . the judge nods . the policeman exit , locking they inside . the judge follow cutter , approach a collection of magical apparatus , include a massive crate . cutter look up at it with awe , touch the side where it say " colorado spring " . judge what 's in there ? cutter open it , revealing metal and glass machinery within . cutter angier 's machine . judge you build this , mr.cutter ? cutter ( shake head ) oh no . this be not build by a magician ... it be build by a wizard . ( off look ) a man who can actually do the thing a magician pretend to ... 27 . cutter close the crat . the judge turn to other prop . cutter ( cont 'd ) you honour , what will happen to this thing when the trial be over ? the judge be stare at a large glass tank . judge they have benn sell to a Lord caldlo . a avid collector , apparently very interested in the case . cutter do not let he take this . the judge look over . cutter be touch the crate . judge why ever not ? cutter it 's dangerous . judge I be sure beneath its bell and whistle it 's get some simple and disappoint trick . cutter the most disappoint of all - it have no trick . it 's real . the judge look at cutter . smile indulgently . turn . judge this be the tank angier drown in ? cutter turn to look at the empty , smashed glass of the tank . nod . cutter indicate the top of the tank , where there be a padlock . cutter push down on a panel of the lid - cutter this let the performer 's hand reach the trick padlock ... -a small section pop open . judge a standard magical apparatus for escape ? cutter with one important difference ... cutter grab the padlock . rattles it . 28 . cutter ( cont 'd ) this be not a trick lock ... it 's be switch out for a real one . the judge stare at the tank , appale . judge what a way to kill someone . why in God 's name go to such length ? cutter this be magician , you honour . showm . Men who live by dress up plain and sometimes brutal truth to amaze . to shock . judge even without and audience ? cutter stare at the tank - insert CUT : angier scream bubble . cutter there be and audience . ( look at judge ) see , the water tank have a particular signinficance for the two man ... int . theatre -- evening onstage , a similar tank filled with water . cutter ( v.o. ) a particular awful significance ... Julia stand next to the tank . milton adress the audience . milton which of you brave soul be willing bind this lovely young woman ? milton gesture to Julia - the crowd go wild . Julia make a show of decide . she pick up angier and borden , who be make up to look different from the last performance . as they leap up onto stage , borden make eye contact with cutter in the wing - cutter 's be a warning glance . as angier tie Julia 's ankle he can not resist tickle just under she toe - she kick he in the chin . borden start to wrap the rope around Julia 's wrist in a particular fashion . stops. reconsider . Julia nods at he , encour . borden start retrying the knot . cutter watch . his hand check for the axe handle . 29 . borden test the rope - it be tight . Julia give he the sign with she eye - he step back . angier rise to he foot , grin at Julia . as she raise she arm to the hook , she can not quite hide she smile back at he . milton give the sign and Julia be hoisted into the air . cutter slip he stopwatch out of he pocket as milton moe the tank under Julia 's bare foot . angier look up at Julia . proud . she stare out over the audience , prepare herself . look down at angier , smile ... Julia plunge into the tank - milton slam the lid shut - cutter check he stopwatch , hand caress the axe handle ... milton raise the curtain around the tank , then circle it , work he " magic " . angier shift a little . time pass ... milton look at cutter - too much time ... cutter grasp he axe and sprint at the tank - milton rip the curtain down - Julia , one arm free , be convulsing ... angier and borden look on in horror as cutter swing he axe into the glass - which crack ... cutter swing again and again - the web of crack growing , Julia 's convulsion slowing , she eye pleading with angier 's , until - crash - the glass give way , flooding the stage - cutter and angier grasp at Julia - full she onto the stage - cutter elbow angier out of the way to pound on Julia 's chest - borden wacthes , stunne , as Julia flop , lifeless , onto the board . cutter look up at angier , stricken . angier take Julia in he arm , look down at she stare eye . he desperately brush water from julias cheek and forehead . borden look on , shen . borden ( v.o. ) how often I have fight with my self over that night .. one half of I swear bling that i tie a simple slip knot ... the other half convinced that I tie the langford double . I suppose I will never know for sure - int . HOTEL room , colorado -- day angier look up from borden 's journal , despair . angier how can be not know ?! angier fling borden 's journal across the room . angier ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he must know what he do . he must . 30 . int . prison cell -- day borden smile as he read angier 's dairy . borden " how can be not know ?! " ( start lauhing ) because , angier , life be complicated , people be complicated , knot be complicate - prisoner ( o.s. ) shit it , Professor , or I will shut it for you . borden quiet . look at the journal . borden ( v.o. ) how could I not know ? how can you read my story and not understand ? int . courtroom -- day cutter sit in the crowded gallery . borden , in the dock , scan the crowd . finally spot fallon push to the front - he be alone . borden stare at he . fallon shake he dead . borden be prompt to stand by two guard as the judge enter . the judge have a piece of black cloth drape over he wig . judge Alfred borden , you have be find guilty of the murder of Robert angier . you will , in one month 's time , be hang by the neck until dead . May the Lord have mercy on you soul . borden barely react . ext . prison yard , newgate prison -- day borden stand at the fence with fallon borden they take she away ? ( fallon nods ) to the workhouse ? another slow nod . borden close he eye with despair . then open they and hand fallon owen ' card . borden ( cont 'd ) tell he I have reconsider . ( off look ) it 's for the best . 31 . int . dine room , cliff house inn , colorado spring -- dusk angier stare down at the notebook , make note on a napkin . through large window a thunderstorm batter Pike 's peak . angier be the only guest in the hotel 's massive dining room . voice ( o.s. ) mind if I join you ? angier look around . alley be stand by the table . alley tesla send I down here during the storm . perfect excuse to come shere a drink with the great danton . alley sit , gesture to a waiter . alley ( cont 'd ) have you try we bourbon yet , Mr. angier ? it match the scenery nicely . ( to waiter ) two of them . ( to angier ) beautiful , be not it ? I do miss New York , though . angier why be you here ? alley the lightning life here . and noit much else - we work be secret . alley glance down at the notebook and agier 's scribbles . alley ( cont 'd ) a cypher ? angier nod as alley lift the cardboard notebook . angier my profession also deal in secret . alley look at the gibberish on the page of the notebook . angier ( cont 'd ) it 's a rotate transposition that shift every day of the dairy . simple but time - consume to translate once you have the five- letter keyword . alley which be ? angier smile as he reach for the notebook . 32 . angier we magician have a circle of trust . alley you have a circle of trust with someone whose dairy you steal ? angier maybe I buy it . alley magician sell they secret ? angier it 's how we pay for we retirement and how great trick outlive we . alley consider this . tap the cover of the notebook . alley you be hope to find a great secretin there ? angier I have already find it . that 's why I be here . angier reach in he pocket and remove he own , leather - bound journal . he tear a page from it and hand it to alley . who unfold it and stare at it . angier ( cont 'd ) tesla build one for another magician . alley why would you want the same thing ? angier call it a professional rivalry . alley tesla have build unusual machine for unusual people , but he would never talk about it . angier I understand discretion . I just want the machine . alley look at angier . think . alley finish you drink . you will have a special appreciation for we work . angier I think it be a secret . 33. alley ( smile ) you be a magician . who 's go to believe you ? ext . field , colorado spring -- night the storm have abate . angier 's cane into the muddy ground as he follow alley through the moonlit field . there be large glass globe push out of the soil as if plant all around they . they stop in the middle of the field , look down at the electric light of the town . alley we do we test when the townspeople be asleep - mr.tesla do not want to scare anyone . alley check he wacth by the moonlight . alley ( cont 'd ) not long now . as they watch , the light of Colorado Springs disappear . alley ( cont 'd ) we equipment require a great deal of current . tesla eletrify the whole town in exchange for use the generator when we need to . the field around they explode with dazzling light . angier laugh out in surprise - the field be full of a thousand large lightbulbs , all glow together . alley bend down and pick up the nearest lightbulb -- as he do , the light in it extinguise . he toss the bulb to angier . except for the size , it 's a normal lightbulb . angier where be the wire ? alley exactly . angier bend and gently push the lightbulb into a random spot in the wet soil . the lightbulb flicker on again . angier where 's the generator ? alley you see it last week . angier but that must be ten mile from here . 34 . alley Fifteen . and I have to ride all of they before I get to bed . ( turn to leave ) I will send word for you in a few day , mr.angier . angier bend to pick up he lightbulb . as he do , the light fade in all of they , and the light in town come back on . angier be alone . int . bathroom , london -- day angier have he head submerge in a sink full of water . he burst free , gasping - collavses to the floor , sobbing . int . bathroom -- later angier lay out make - up supplies . he take out a bulle . place it on the sink next to a false mounstage . ext . prince' arm bar and theatre Rough . unwelcome . crowd . a small " stage " at one end : borden work he way through the chinese ring . the crowd be jeering . voice get out you gun , Professor ! someone burl a bottle at the stage - it narrowly miss . borden glare out into the audience . pull out he gun . borden a volunteer . the crowd surge forward with eager volunteer . fallon scan the crowd , pass over too - eager and too-drunk before settling on a mounstached man and bring he up onstage . borden load the pistol , hand it to moustache and step backwards , pull he coat apart , challenging . borden ( cont 'd ) be you man enought , sir ? moustache ( quiet ) yes . something in moustache 's tone make borden look closely - behind the moustache ... angier . quivering with tension . 35 . borden look at the tremble gun . then at angier . spread he hand , invite . borden ( smile ) I think not . angier purse he lip , strain to pull the trigger . insert CUT : julia' face , scream bubble ... angier 's eye be almost close as he squeezy the trigger - fallon hit angier jump to borden 's side , grabbing he bleeding hand . the drow be scream , pushing for the door , os straining for a closer look at borden . aniger , shocked , melt into the crowd . int . pub -- day angier sit at the bar . stare . he raise he pint glass . downs it , then stop , look at the bottom - there be a playing card . he loos around . cutter be sit at a table with two fresh pint in front of he . angier head over . angier never think I would find a answer at the bottom of a pint glass . cutter have not stop you look . ( angier sit ) I hear about a book . Nice little theatre . good up - and-come magician . angier who ? cutter you . angier you get I a book ? why ? cutter look down into he beer . cutter because I want to keep work ... ( look up at angier ) and who 's go to hire the ingeneur who kill Julia McCullough in front of a sellout crowd at the orpheum ? angier look back at cutter . 36 . angier someone who know that it be not you fault . someone who know Alfred borden and he repertoire of exotic knot . cutter Heard he have a spot of bad luck do a bullet catch South of the river . angier look down at the liquid in he glass . angier to die like that . lock in water ... lung scream ... ( shake head ) what do she go through , cutter ? cutter watch angier 's distress . cutter I know a old sailor . told I about a time he get pull over the side tangle in the sheet ... they drag he out , but it be five minute before he cough ... angier stare at cutter . hanging . cutter ( cont 'd ) he say it be like ... go home . angier consider this . collect himself . angier which knot do borden tie that night ? cutter he would not say . angier would not say ?! cutter it be as if ... as if he do not know . int . workshop -- day angier and cutter isspect a large empty room . cutter we will have to whitewash the window to cofound the more curious member of you audience ... ( look around ) but this should do . 37 . angier we should see about a assistant . cutter I have make arrangement . have you settle on a name ? angier yes , I have . the great danton . cutter hmm . bit old - fashioned ? angier smile gently at cutter . angier no . it 's sophisticated . int . angier' workshop -- day angier be sit at a worktable , pensive . he be move one hand across the other , make a rose appear and disappear . the window have be whitewashed and the room have fill with a array of magical apparati : cabinet , costume , prop . on the other side of the room cutter watch as olivia wenscombe , 20 , equal part grace and mischief , squeeze herself into a tall cabinet , look past cutter to angier . olivia what 's so hard about this ? cutter lean into the cabinet and pop up a trick panel in the floor , revealing a tiny chamber . cutter in here , miss wenscombe . no point meeting mr.angier unless you fit . olivia shrug and hand cutter she hat , then she thick skirt , and fold herself into the bottom of the box . cutter ( cont 'd ) breathe as little as possible . cutter close the lid over she and walk over to angier . cutter ( cont 'd ) not much experience , but she know the basic . she know how to present herself and a pretty assistant 's the most effective from of misdirection . angier nod . there be a small sneeze from inside the cabinet . cutter ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) I suppose I should let she out . 38 . int . sarah' flat -- day Sarah be frantcally redressin borden 's injure hand . blood have seeped trough the bandage . sarah I do not understand , Alfred . how can it be bleed again ? she examine the wound : 2 1/2 finger be missing . the injury be black , but wet and fresh . sarah ( cont 'd ) what have you be do to it ? it look as have as the day it happen . we need to get the doctot back - borden ( snap ) we can ' afford the doctor back ! a baby start crying in the bedroom . Sarah glare at borden . sarah you have wake she . borden I be sorry . I just need this to heal so I can het back to work . Sarah look at borden . reluctantly . sarah Alfred , you have to face thing . what trick could you peform with this kind of injury ? borden some of the card pull , prop trick ... ( lean forward , excited ) and the trick I have be tell you about . the trick they will remember I for . int . angier' workshop -- day angier and cutter at the workbench , examine a bird cage . cutter be wear a strange leather harness over he shirt it have large spring and small pulley on the back . angier the bird cage can not be we climax - everybody know it . cutter not like this , they do not . 39 . angier and I do not want to kill dove . cutter ( snap ) then stay off the stage . ( glare at angier ) you be a magician , not a wizard - you have to get you hand dirty to achieve the impossible . angier you sound like he . cutter ( hold up cage ) put you hand on the side ... int . pantage's theatre -- day a heavy , disinterested man slouches in the third row of the empty theatre with a newspaper - merrit , the stage manager . onstage , angier energetically yank coloured handkerchief from a hat and tossing they into the air . olivia , in the glamorous , revealing costume of magician 's Assistant , dart back and forth plucking the handkerchief from the air . angier finish with a flourish . merrit shrug . angier place a ornate cage onto the table . angier I need a volunteer . merrit roll he eye . climb to he foot . angier produce a dove . place it in the cage . int . angier' workshop -- day now angier be wear the harness . he place a dove in the cage and pick it up . Close on : hook conceal on angier 's palm slip into catch on the bar of the cage . cutter hang on , hang on ... cutter reach in and slip a noose around the bird 's ankle ... cutter ( cont 'd ) there we go . now you tell the volunteer to put he hand here ... cutter please he hand on the top and bottom of the cage ... 40 . int . pantage's theatre -- night merrit place he hand on the top and bottom of the bird cage . angier 's hand be on the side . olivia reach around merrit to place she hand on the remain two side . merrit look up at angier over he glass . merrit you would beat not be intend to hut this animal , mr.angier . angier of course not . angier raise and lower they hand in a rythm ... angier ( cont 'd ) and one , two ... three ! the bird cage , and the dove , vanish . int . angier' workshop -- day angier and cutter have they hand on the bird cage . angier ... three ! the bird cage break apart , whipping up angier' forearm . where sleeve would be , yanked by the harness . angier smile . angier ( cont 'd ) bloody marvelous , cutter . cutter and the best part ... cutter reach to angier 's armpit ... pull up the dove , hanging by its ankle , alive . angier think you say I have to get my hand dirty . cutter someday , perhaps you will . I need to know that you can . int . pantage's theatre -- day merrit nod , impressed , step backwards . angier reach into merrit 's pocket . remove a dove . merrit very nice . very nice indeed . olivia pack up the prop . cutter approach from the wing . 41 . angier ( smiling ) I have not have a chance to compliment you on you beautiful theatre yet , mr.merrit . merrit a lot more beautiful when it 's full , mr.angier . angier do not worry . merrit you all say that . why sould I worry ? if you trick do not get them in , someone else 's will . maybe someone willing to do a bullet catch or a water scape . cutter cheap thrill , mr.merrit . people hope for a accident - and quite likely to see one , too . what would that do for you business ? merrit ( shrug ) you have get a week . ext . pantage's theatre -- evening a line a patron run from the box office to the street . the marquee above the theatre read : " the great danton perfom feat of mistery and imagination " int . theatre -- evening angier be perfom to a good crowd . he step forward . angier you sir , in the hat . could you show we you handkerchief ? a man in the audience stand and pull a handkerchief from he pocket . he stare at it , confuse . the audience laugh . man this be not mine . angier perhaps you would be so good as to return it to the other man . he have yours . another man stand and pull out a handkerchief . applause . angier dow and walk quickly off the stage , past the squad of dancing girl who run on to entertain in the break . 42 . int . backstage -- evening cutter and olivia be wait for angier as he come off . olivia I be so nervous - I be sorry , I be make mistake . cutter quickly remove angier 's coat ... angier the audience do not seem to be respond much , cutter . cutter put he leather harness over angier 's arm ... cutter this be a grand theatre with a sophisticated audience - they have see most of this trick before . but not this next one . you will see . cutter check the spring of the harness and replace angier 's coat . he spot a stagehand poke he head around the fly . cutter ( cont 'd ) you ! piss off out it ! the dancer be wrapping up . angier wish we luc , cutter . cutter ( smiling ) I will have the champagne ready . angier , follow by olivia , step out onto the stage . int . stage -- continuous angier step to the table center stage . pull out the bird cage . there be one or two groan from the audience . angier smile as he produce a dove with a flourish . angier you have see this one before ? heckler ( o.s. ) see them all before , mate ! laughter . angier well , I will make it a little harder , shall I ? in the wing , cutter smile and nod at angier 's showmanship . 43. angier ( cont 'd ) two volunteer , please . a lady and a gentleman to hold this cage with I ... hand go up . olivia pull a elegant lady from the audience . angier ( cont 'd ) I will perform this feat in a manner never before see by yourselves or by any other audience anywhere in the worth ... olivi bring elegant Lady onto the stage along with a red - beard man . the audience be get interested . angier be on role ... angier ( cont 'd ) any magician can make this cage disappear ... that 's why I will ask this good lady and fine gentleman to place they hand firmly on the cage ... olivia guide elegant Lady 's hand onto the side of the cage . red-beard place a hand underneath the cage . angier ( cont 'd ) ...to ensure that no trickery whatsover be employ . angier raise the bird cage . the audience be rapt . Red beard 's other hand appear on the top of the cage - it be mutilated , miss finger . angier freeze - look up at Red beard ... it be borden borden smile as he worm he little finger into the cage mechanism ... SNAP ! halp the cage whip up angier' sleeve - the other half collapse on the dove and the elegant lady finger - she scream - bird blood splatter onto the three of then - the audience goe crazy - borden smile at angier through he blood - spatter fake beard and retreat into the chaos surround the elefant Lady who be still scream as angier try to free she finger from the mechanism . int . backstage -- later angier and cutter watch the stagehand clear the stage . angier I should have spot he . 44 . cutter you have a lot of plate spin . angier look down at the harness in he hand . angier do not suppose they will let we do this one again . cutter no . angier so what 's the climax of we show ? merrit ( o.s. ) show ? you do not have a show . angier mr.merrit , we have a week 's engagment - merrit to perform magic - not butcher bird and break my costomer 's finger ! clear out , anything here in the morning get burn . cutter put he hand on merrit 's arm . cutter mr.merrit - merrit it 's do , John . I have hire a comedian . you know I hate comedian , which should indicate the may I felel about you friend 's future as a stage magician . cutter nod . merrit leave . cutter turn to angier . cutter there be plenty of good theatre ... if we can come up with another trick and change the name of the act - angier the name stay . cutter see angier 's resolve . cutter right . well , the new trick will have to be irresistible , then . I have a couple of method to try out , but we will need a fresh angle on the presentation . 45 . angier nod . cutter ( cont 'd ) if you need inspiration , there 's a technical exposition at the Albert Hall this week . scientist and engineer . that sort of thing capture the popular imagination . ext . royal albert hall -- afternoon the large concert hall be surround by crowd and cover in banner advertising a technical exposition . angier make he way past a giant steam engine and into the building . int . albert hall -- afternoon the lobby if fill with display and model . angier poke around , look thouroughly disinterested until he come to a information booth plaster with illustration of electrical bolt . ticket hawker would you like to know the future , sir ? the man who kill change the world be speak right now . continent divide no more . free , clean power . the mystery of the world solve . the poster show a tall , handsome man bath in lightning and stand astride the world like colossus . in bold print it say : the wonder of " alternate current " ... nikola tesla int . auditorium , albert hall -- continuous the hall be completely darken , but bright blue flash illuminate angier as he push he way to a seat . on the stage , a tall rod cap with a steel ball be transmit a steady , sparking stream of electricity onto a match ball across the stage . a figure walk around from behind the machine and the audience gasp as a shower of spark bounce off of he immaculate evening wear . this be tesla - but angier be too far from the stage to get a good look at he . tesla with a system like this I could have the entire city electrify whitin two year . the audience break into laughter . the spell be break . tesla must be a lunatic . 46 . tesla ( cont 'd ) Mr. Edison 's direct current system be flaw and dangerous . with my alternate current device - someone from the audience chime in : audience member ( yell ) fraud . angier turn to look . the man who call out be leave he 's not alone . angier freeze , stare down at aisle - borden be sit there , rapt , light by flash from the machinery on stage . as tesla continue he demonstration , angier stare at borden . ext . STREET -- day borden walk down the street . angier be follow he . borden meet Sarah , push a pram . borden look down at the baby then up at Sarah . borden I love you . Sarah smile . sarah see ? today , it 's true . angier watch borden kiss wife then he baby . angier ( v.o. ) I see hapiness ... int . HOTEL room , colorado -- night angier write in he leather - bound journal . angier ( v.o. ) ... hapiness that should have be mine . but I be wrong . angier glance at borden 's notebook sit on the desk . angier ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) reading he account I realize that he never have the life I envied . angier flip open the notebook . stare at the code write . angier ( cont 'd ) the family life he crave one minute he rail against the next , demand freedom . his mind be a divide one ... 47 . int . prison cell -- day borden sit on he cot . reading angier 's journal . angier ( v.o. ) his soul restless . his wife and child torment by he fickle and contradictory nature ... borden be cry . he put the journal down and jump to he foot banging on the cell door . borden Guard ! Guard !! the view slot slide open . guard what do want , Professor ? borden Paper and pencil . please . int . prison library , newgate prison -- day Te library be long and title , with two long table . it look as if it use to be a latrine . borden sit at a table . write on a stack of notepaper . his arm have be unbound , but long chain run from he ellbow to where sullen gaurd sit smoking , craning he nek to read borden 's write . sullen let I see ? sullen snatch up the papers . borden make no move to stop he . the top sheet be a sketch of a cabinet . sullen ( cont 'd ) I be go to know all of the Professor 's secret . borden ( smiling ) only if I teach you how to read . sullen mash the papers into a ball and drop they . sullen just stupid trick , right ? have not help you get out of here - ( tug chain ) ) have they ? or can not you open real lock , Professor ? 48 . borden perhaps I be just bide my time . perhaps one day I will just hold up my hand - borden produce a rubber ball in front of sullen 's face . sullen stare . borden ( cont 'd ) - get you attention . then quietly say - ( whisper ) " be you wacthing closely " ... perhaps say a magic word or two ... then I will be go . borden vanish the ball , but fumble it , it drop to borden 's foot . sullebn laugh as borden scrabble around he ankle to retrieve the ball . sullen how would you get so famous , then ? borden stand . borden Magic . borden turn , no longer chained . sullen jump to he foot to follow , but he ankle be chained to the table . the other prisoner be laughing and cheering . sullen oi , borden , get back here ! sullen fumble with he key as borden take a bow . another warder crack borden over the head with a truncheon . sullen , now free , kick borden in the rib . CUT to : close on a advertissiment : " the professor have defied death to return with a new spectacular ! " pull wider - int . angier' workshop -- night a newspaper on the makeup table . angier sit at the mirror . he hub brown paste into he hair and then comb it out . then he choose a beard , seat it on he chin and begin to adjust it . he drop the bottle of spirit gum as he look in the mirror and see olivia stand behind he . angier ( embarrassed ) I think you would go . olivia shift . embarrass . 49 . olivia I do not really .... have anywhere to go . angier slip the newspaper from the table . angier you have be sleep here ? olivia cutter say it would be okay till we get another book . ( beat ) what be you do ? angier researching . part of a magician 's job be to watch he competition , to see what illusion they be - olivia you be go to do something to that man , be not you ? olivia move closer . angier be quiet . olivia ( cont 'd ) cutter 's hopig you will let thing life . he say if borden think thing be even between you then we can - angier even ? my wife for a couple of he finger ? he have a child now . and he 's perfom again . ( bitter ) borden be out there , live he life just as he always intend . as if nothing have happen . and look at I . I be alone . and no theatre will touch I . olivia us. olivia move towards he . olivia ( cont 'd ) you be go to need a better disguise . olivia reach for angier 's beard . int . tiny , grubby theatre -- night angier , almost unrecognizanle as a blonde , slip into the back of the theatre , which be as rough and unwelcome as borden 's last venue . 50 . on the small raise stage , borden work through he way through the chinese ring with glove hand to hide he damage finger . the tough crowd be jeering at he . borden put the ring down on a table and pick up a bag . borden I need a volunteer . angier take a few step towards the stage . borden produce a rubber ball . he toss the ball to angier . borden ( cont 'd ) as you can see , it 's just a rubber ball . but it 's not normal at all . angier examine the ball . hand it back to borden who show no sign of recognize angier . borden ( cont 'd ) thank you . angier notice that two tall black cabinet be stand twenty foot apart on the stage . borden ( cont 'd ) ( to audience ) you be not impressed ? borden bounce the ball on the ground and catch it . borden ( cont 'd ) it 's a magic ball . borden continue to bounce the ball on the floor . the audience look bored , wait for something to happen . olivia ( v.o. ) what happen ? int . angier' workshop -- night angier still in disguise , be slump in a armchair , drink in hand . he be smiling , remember . olivia , sit on the workbench , wait for he to continue . olivia what happen , Robert ? angier he have a new trick . olivia be it good ? 51 . angier look at she ... int . tiny , grubby theatre -- evening now it 's cutter stand in the audience , watch . onstage , borden bounce the ball over and over again . angier ( v.o. ) it be the great magic trick I have ever see . borden walk to one side of the stage and open the door to one of the cabinet . it 's empty . he close it again and cross the stage , bouncing the ball the whole way . at the far cabinet , borden repeat the process , open the door to the empty cabinet . this time , however , he leave the door open . he step forward and gently bounce the ball sideways , across the stage ... borden step into the cabinet behind he , close the door . with no one on stage , the audience watch as the ball continue to bounce across the stage . bounce . bounce . bounce . the ball lose seep and height ... just as reach the second cabinet , something impossible happen . the door to the second cabinet open and borden step out , catch the ball . cutter flinch , then study borden . the audience be bemused . finally , a trickle of applause . int . angier' workshop -- day angier be talk to cutter . olivia be watch . angier do they applaud when you see it ? cutter not very enthusiastically . int . tiny , grubby theatre -- night angier be disguise , start clapping loudly , firmly , as if he can not help it , leading the applause . borden bounce the ball once again , then bow deeply . the applause peter out . borden walk off the stage . int . angier' workshop -- day angier turn to cutter . 52 . cutter the trick be too good -- too simple - the audience harly know what they have see . angier he 's a dreadful magician . cutter he 's a wonderfull magician - he 's a dreadful showman . he do not know how to dress it up , how to sell the trick . angier how do he do it ? cutter he use a double . angier ( shake head ) it 's not that simple . this be a complex illusion . cutter you think that because you do not know the method . it 's a double who come out at the end . it 's the only way . angier I have see he perfom ir three time now , Mr. cutter - the Prestige be the same man - cutter it's not - angier the same man come out of the second cabinet . I promise you . olivia it be the same man . they both turn to look at olivia . olivia ( cont 'd ) he wear padded glove to hide he damage finger , but if you look closely you can tell . angier look at cutter . angier he do not know how to sell he trick to a audience . but I do . 53. cutter ( nods ) it would give we we climax . angier the man steal my life . I be go to steal he trick . cutter we will have to find someone who can look like you on a stage . angier he do not use a double - cutter ( impacient ) I do not know how borden do it , Robert . so either you wait for borden to retire and buy he secret , or you can listen to how I would do this trick . ( angier nods ) ang the only way I know be to find you a bloody good double . angier smile . turn to olivia , point to he face . angier take a good look - let 's get out there and find I . ext . road , pike' peak -- morning angier , swinging he cane , walk slowly up the mountain road . ext . tesla's laboratory -- continuous the lab be illuminate by thirty for streamer of electrical discharge that pour from the base of the tower . angier stop , fearful . alley it 's perfectly safe . as angier stare , a man begin to emerge from the very center of the conflagration . bolt SNAP and trail after the man as he walk , in silhouette , towards angier . 54 . tesla so this be the great danton . tesla emerge from the ball of electricity , dress as if he be on he way to the opera . he brushes SPARKS from the sleeve of he jacket as he extend a band to angier . tesla ( cont 'd ) Mr. alley have effuse about you act to I on any number of occasion . something you do with pocket ? angier return the handshake . angier I see a lecture you give in London , several year ago . I be flatter you agree to see I . tesla keep hold as angier 's hand . angier , confuse , do so . alley hand he a lightbulb , which start to glow as he grasp its metal base . angier ( cont 'd ) what 's conduct the electricity ? tesla we body , Mr. angier , be quite capable of conduct , and indeed , produce energy . tesla release angier 's hand . the bulb go out . alley take it from the angier who look at the palm of he hand . tesla ( cont 'd ) have you eat , Mr. angier ? ext . deck , laboratory -- morning angier , alley and tesla be seat around a table on a decl overlook a spectacular view . they be eat sandwich . tesla alley have explain that you require a very interesting device . angier I need something impossible . tesla you be familiar with a phrase ' man 's reach exceed he grasp ' ? ( more ) 55 . tesla ( cont 'd ) ( off he look ) it 's a lie . man 's grasp exceed he nerve . the only limit on scientific progress be this impose by society . tesla look out at the mountain . tesla ( cont 'd ) the first time I change the world I be hail as a visionary . the second time I be ask politely to retire . the world only tolerate one change at a time . and so here I be . ( gesture at laboratory ) enjoy " retirement " . ( look at angier ) nothing be impossible , Mr. angier . what you want be simply expensive . tesla rise , wash he hand in a basin on a side table . tesla ( cont 'd ) alley say you be a stage magician . if a build you this device , you would be present it only as a illusion ? angier if people think the thing I do on stage be real , they would not clap - they would scream . think of save a woman in half . tesla nod . consider . tesla mr.angier , the cost of such a machine - angier price be not a object . tesla perhaps not . but have you consider the cost ? angier I be noit sure I follow . tesla I can make you machine , Mr. angier . but I can also give you some advice ... ( pointed ) go home . forget this thing . I can recognize a obsession . as Mr. alley could tell you , I myself a give to one now and then . it will not do you any good . 56 . angier have you obsession do you no good ? tesla at first . but I have follow they too long - I be they slave . they whipping boy . and one day they may choose to destroy I . angier look into tesla 's eye . angier if you understand a obsession then you know you will not change my mind . tesla ( smile ) so be it . angier will you build it ? tesla I have already begin to build it , Mr. angier . I hope you enjoy the mountain air . this will take time . tesla disappear into the lab . int . GREEN room drinking club -- evening the club be warm and dark . olivia , cutter and angier make they way to the bar . olivia point to the far end of the bar , to a tramp in tatter clothing , curl over a pint . olivia ( to tramp ) Gerry ? the tramp see olivia , hoist himself up and spill he way down the bar to they . as he draw closer , we understand why olivia have bring they here . underneath the filth and matte hair , this man be spitting image of Robert angier - he be played by the same actor olivia ( cont 'd ) Mr. angier , Mr. cutter , I would like you to meet Mr. Gerald root . root a pleasure to meet you fine gentleman . angier be stare a little too much . root throw a arm over angier 's shoulder and draw he in . 57 . root ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) would you like for I to tell you a little joke ? angier smile unconfortably . sunddely root wrap this hand around angier 's neck and begin to throttle he . cutter break it up and push root back . root ( cont 'd ) ( yelling ) be you laugh ? angier be shake . root pick up he hat off the bar and disappear onto the street . angier he 's out of he mind . olivia he 's a out - of - work actor - of course he 's out of he mind . cutter he 's perfect . a little work , mind you , but when I be do with he he could be you brother . angier I do not need he to be my brother . I need he to be I . ext . NORTH hill -- day borden escort Sarah and they toddler , a girl , up the three line street . borden stop abruptly . crouches to he daugther . borden would you like to see a magic trick ? borden reach up and push a wayward lock a she hair over she ear . when he hand return , it 's hold a key . he stand , place the key in Sarah 's hand . sarah what be this for ? borden take she gently by the shoulder and turn she around until she 's face a modest two -story house . she look down at the key in she hand . 58 . sarah ( cont 'd ) when I ask last week you say we could not afford . borden you catch I in the wrong mood . sarah but you want through all the - borden Sarah , I be allow to change my mind , be not I ? the act be take off , maybe soon I will get we into a bigger theatre . thing will work . Sarah turn and embrace she husband . int . empire theatre the auditoruim be empty . two door be simple frame have be erect in the middle of the stage . angier fiddle with one , open it , walk through it . olivia be watch . olivia you walk through this one - then ...? angier stand olivia in front of the door . he push the door all way open . suddenly , a trap -door set into the floor pop open . angier jump through it - int . empire theatre -- continuous olivia gather up she skirt and drop through the hole - int . beneath the empire stage -- continuous - landing beside angier on the straw matterss . olivia oof. could not you find a softer one ? angier ( smile ) it 's not for sleep on . olivia look around the below stage area . olivia and root go up through there ? 59 . she gesture at a lift twenty foot away with a trap door mechanism above it . angier nod . olivia look at angier . olivia ( cont 'd ) it 's go to be amazing , Robert . angier it have to be . borden 's trick be get notice . the place be pack today . olivia look at he strangely . olivia you go and see he show again ? angier look away , embarrassed . olivia ( cont 'd ) you become obsessed , Robert . cutter ( o.s. ) ready to meet yourself , Mr. Robert . angier and olivia look up to see cutter at the trap door . int . empire theatre -- moment later angier and olivia sit in the front row . cutter beckon root onstage . he 's be clene up and dress in angier 's stage costume . he trip on he way across the stage . angier all I have to do be keep myself stinking drunk all the time and no one will be able to tell the difference . cutter a little faith , sir . could you favor we with a perfomance . Mr. root ? root pick himself up and dust himself off . suddenly , root have become angier . he be channele everything from he facial expression to he walk . angier nod , start to believe this might work . the illusion be perfect -- till he open he mouth . root you would drink , too , if you know the world half so well as I do . angier hop up onto stage , examine root from different angle . root start aping he every movement . olivia start laugh . angier be get uncomfortable . 60 . root ( cont 'd ) do you think you be unique , Mr. angier ? I have be cassar . I have be faust . how difficult could it possibly be to play ' the great danton ? ' cutter you can go back to be yourself . root . for free .. root look challengingly at both man . root I would rather be he , for now . I find it amusing . root wave he hand across he chest , in the same manner that angier do onstage . he produce a bottle of gin from thin air , and take a long swallow and jump down to olivia . cutter root have to keep a low profile -- anyone see he the game 's up . angier ( watching root ) I do not know how you do this thing , cutter . I be not sure I want to know . cutter have you think about what we should call the trick ? angier no point be coy . borden call he trick ' the transport man ' ? cutter nod . ext . leicester square -- evening the enormous marquee of the Empire theatre : ' the great danton perfom the new transported man ' beneath it , a crowd . fallon amongest they . staring up at the sign . int . empire theatre -- evening angier be onstage , near the end of he show , smiling broadly as he pull dozen of flowers from thin air and toss they to the crowd . applause fill the theatre . the doorframe be wheeld out on either side of the stage . angier approach the edge of the stage to address the audience with a suddenly solemn demeanor . 61 . angier lady and gentleman , much of what you have see tonight can be termed illusion . entertain trifle of the sort you may have see other magician perform . angier put on a top hat . angier ( cont 'd ) alas , I can not claim this next feat as illusion . watch carefully - you will see no trickery , for no trickery be be employ . merely a techique familiar to certain citizen of the orient and various holy man of the himalyas . indeed , some of you may be familiar with this technique , but for that of you who be not , do not be alarmed , what you be about to see be consider safe ... angier gracefully turn and head upstage to the right - hand door , open it , slap it to show that be sell . then stroll through crossing the stage - - to the other door , which he open , slapping to show its solidity , then walk trough the frame . angier remove he top hat and throws it high into the air . it sail back down to he and he catch it . angier throws the hat again , even harder this time , and it disappear uo into the rafter . after a beat , it be clear it 's not come back down . laughter . angier snap he finger and the hat be drop back down to he . he catch it . angier movie to the first door and throws he hat in a high arc across the stage . he open the door - step behind it ... the second door , far across the stage , immediately open and angier / root emerge , reaching up to catch the hat . both door slam shut behind he . he put on the hat . the audience erupt - a stand ovation , fallon the only one in he seat as angier / root take he bow . int . under the stage -- continuous angier , hearing the massive applause , climb off the straw mattress , peering up through the crack in the floorboard . smiling , angier turn to the unseen audience and bow . 62 . int . dressing room -- evening angier , olivia , and cutter be celebrate they sucess . empty bottle of champagne line the makeup table . olivia ( toast ) to we achivement . they drink . cutter the manager say he 's never see a reaction like it . angier smile , rueful . angier at least he get to see it . I spend the ovation hide under the stage . no one care about the man who disappear , the man who go into the box . they care about the man who come out the other side . olivia I care about the man in the box . angier turn to olivia , raise he glass . angier thank you . ( to cutter ) maybe we could switch before the trick . that way I could be the Prestige and root end up below stage . cutter ( shake head ) the antecipation of the trick be everything - it need you showmanship to build suspense . if root open he mouth , it 's all over - he can not introduce the trick . root ( o.s. ) of course I can . I be the great danton . they turn . root be lie behind a trunk , still in costume . cutter root , you bloody fool , get that costume and makeup off right now , anyone could walk in here ! cutter be slapping root to he foot . he grab he collar and turn to angier and olivia . 63. cutter ( cont 'd ) congratulation , all . cutter drag root out . olivia slide onto the makeup table . angier I suppose I should get more rest . olivia life be not full of this moment , Robbie . olivia pour he some more champagne . olivia ( cont 'd ) we have work hard for this , and we need to celebrate properly . angier look up at she with a gentle smile . she pull he in closer and they kiss . she wrap she leg around he . they kiss again . angier pull back . olivia ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? ( softly ) it be you wife ? angier shake he head , distract . angier the trick be not good enough . olivia stare at he . olivia do not you see the audience ? angier no . olivia well , they love it . angier it 's not as good as he trick . olivia borden 's trick be nothing compare to ours . he do not have any style - angier he do not have to spend the finale hide under the stage . angier rise , turn out of she embrace . 64 . angier ( cont 'd ) I need to know how he do it . olivia why ? angier so that I can do it better . angier turn to she . look she in the eye . angier ( cont 'd ) I need you to go and work for he . olivia work for he ? be you joke angier you will be my spy . olivia ( taken aback ) we just get we start and you want I to leave ? angier it 's how we advance . angier move to olivia , place he hand on she shoulder . angier ( cont 'd ) think of it , olivia ... we have get people excited about cutter 's version of the trick - imagine what we could do with the real illusion . we will have the great magic act anyone 's ever see . olivia ( frustated ) he know I work for you . angier exactly why he will want to hire you . he will want my secret . olivia why would he trust I ? angier think for a second . then smile . angier because you be go to tell he the truth . int . tesla's laboratory -- day alley show angier in . tesla be sit , read . 65 . tesla you must be curious to see what so much money have buy you , Mr. angier . tesla rise . lead angier to a back corner at the room and pull a sheet from a ten-foot tall apparatus - the electrical machine angier use on stage in the open of the film . tesla ( cont 'd ) fitting that you should be here for the maiden voyage . alley fire a generator connect by thick cable to the machine . it rumble into life , smoke pour from the slat . tesla ( cont 'd ) you hat . angier take off he hat and try to hand it to tesla . alley intercept the hat and lay it on a chalk hasmark directly underneath the machine . he return to the control . alley you might want to stand back . tesla no , no . it will be fine . Mr. alley , please proceed . without further ceremony , alley fire the machine . nothing happen . then , as they watch , the globe on top of the trip flash whit hot . bolt shoot out of it , wrapping themselves around the leg of the tripod . the charge reach a freezy and then emit a loud bang , as if it have break the sound barrier . suddenly the room be still . tesla walk forward . look down into the pit . alley join he at the edge of the pit . angier , limping , be the last to arrive , lock into the pit - - at the top hat , which have not move a inch . angier I do not understand - tesla stare at the hat as if try to melt it with concentrarion . alley pull angier away from the pit . alley perhaps it would be best if you leave we to it . we will see you next week ? angier begin to protest but alley gesture towards the door . 66 . int . borden' workshop -- day a small , disus shop off a arcade , crow with tool , cabinetry and prop , window plaster with playbill . borden be sit at a workbench , sleeve roll up , work a lathe . fallon enter , olivia behind he . borden look back at she , turn back to the table , instinctively put on he glove . olivia ( looking around ) interesting workshop . borden we make do . olivia my name be olivia wenscombe . borden I know who you be . be you here to steal the rest of my show ? olivia see one of the theatrical notice that litter the shop : " the great danton break record with he astonishing new trick " olivia no . I be here to give you show what be miss . borden and what might that be ? olivia me. borden ( to fallon ) be not I just say that , Bernard ? a woman 's touch . fallon leave , close the door . olivia I have leave angier . I want a job . borden sit there . olivia ( cont 'd ) I know you have no reason to trust I - borden why on earth should not I trust you ? the mistress of my enemy . olivia be take aback . chane tack . 67 . olivia mr.borden - borden Alfred . olivia Alfred . I be go to tell you the truth . borden ah . the truth . a slippery notion in we life of work , miss wenscombe . olivia I be here because he send I here . he want I to come and work for you and steal you secret . borden what do he need my secret for ? his trick be top notch . the great danton vanish and isntantly reappear on the other side of the stage -- mute , overweight , and , unless I be mistaken , rather drunk . borden rise , move closer to olivia . borden ( cont 'd ) tell I , olivia . do he like take he bow under the stage ? olivia meet he gaze . olivia no . it 's kill he . he 's obsessed with discover you method . he think of nothing else , and take no pleasure in we sucess . I have have enough . there 's no future with he . he send I here to steal you secret , but I have actually come to offer you he . borden he have no secret from I . borden stare at she , unsure . borden ( cont 'd ) and this be the truth ? she give borden a challenging smile / shrug . 68 . int . backstage -- day cutter be fix a prop mechanism . angier approach , in he undershirt , look over he shoulder . cutter glance up . cutter best be get change for the martinee , sir . - angier nod . cutter realize . cutter ( cont 'd ) root ! you be late . ( sniff ) and even more drunk than usual . get yourself below stair , right away ! root no . cutter no ?! root look at cutter with genuine malice . root we need to have a chat , mr.cutter . int . dressing room -- day angier be apply he makeup . cutter enter . angier look at he through the mirror . angier we have a problem , cutter . he hold up the paper , fold to a advertisement : pantage theatre - from next week - the professor will demonstrate the original transported man - accept no cheap imitation !!! angier ( cont 'd ) he will be perfom right across the street . cutter we have a bigger problem . root . angier do not tell I he fall over again . cutter worse . he realize he can make demand . angier he 's blackmail we ? 69 . cutter in a word , yes . I be surprised , to be honest - it usually take they a lot longer to figure it out . angier how much do he want ? cutter it make no difference - we have to stop do the trick . angier ( wield paper ) stop do the trick ? look at this . cutter look at yesterday 's . and last week 's , where they call you " London 's premiere stage performer " , not " magician " mind . performer . of any kind . angier what 's the point ? cutter my point , Robert , be that you have climb too high to get away with any kind of professional embarrassament . we be not do any trick we can not control . angier consider this . nod . think . angier pay he whatever he want , for now . we keep do the trick till borden open , then we will phase it out . int . beneath the empire stage -- night root smoke a cigarette . pull back to reveal he be stand on the lift beneath the stage ... the trapdoor open and angier drop onto the straw mattress . he look over to see root finish he cigarette . angier ( hiss ) get up there !! root smirk at angier - toss the cigarette and catapult up - int . stage , empire theatre -- continuous - onto the stage and step / stumble out from behind the door to loud applause . 70 . root have a sloppy grin as he strut acroos the stage , milk the applause from every angle , blow kiss , winking ... loving it . he turn to cutter in the wing . blow he a kiss . cutter glare . then turn to a stagehand . cutter get it down ! angier ( v.o. ) cutter be always surprised how fast root turn bad . the stagehand start lowering the curtain . int . restaurant , cliff house inn -- day angier sit with borden 's dairy . angier ( v.o. ) we pay he enough to keep he in beer - you would not expect he to rock the boat . today I learn borden 's view on the episode ... int . tavern -- evening the bar be dark and seedy , pack with a unpromising lot . angier ( v.o. ) ... and he account suggest a reason . root be hang precariously from he barstool , head lolling towards he empty glass . he be in he own clothes , but clean up to look like angier . a full pint arrive in front of he . root turn to face he benefactor - borden . root take several large gulp , stare at borden . suppress a belch . root to what do I owe the pleasure of this rather welcome pint of ale ? borden you be the great danton , be not you ? root gesture silence , glance around they . root of course I be . but do not advertise it - I will be mobbed with fan . ( grin at borden ) and who might you be ? 71 . borden just a humble admirer . and fellow practitioner . root ah , very good . root downs the rest of he new pint , place the empty glass in front of borden with a emphatic thunk . borden another ? root if you insist . I be not perfom tonight . well , only one show , and , to be frank , my people pretty much run thing this day . borden you could probably do it blindfolded . root bloody good idea . borden have it . root thanks . a new pint arrive . root sip . borden actually , there 's something I might warn you about . root oh ? borden well , it 's you transport man illusion . now , I be noit claim to know you method ... but I have a similar trick in my act - and I use ... ( look around , whispering ) ...a double . root oh , I see , very good . borden at first . then it go bad . you se , I have not count on the fact that once I incorporate this bloke into my act , he have complete power over I . 72 . root complete power , you say ? borden ( nodding gravely ) weel , he be the secret , you see . and the more successful I become , the more outrageous he demand become . he practically backrupt I . in the end I have to stop perform the illusion completely . ( look at root ) you must be very careful about give someone that power over you . root look at borden . drunken whell spin . root thanks for the warning . int . stage , empire theatre -- evening angier be almost all the way through he act . angier ... some of you may be familiar with this technique , but for that of you who be not , do not be alarmed , what you be about to see be consider safe ... angier take he time , confident , milking it . he throw he hat into the air , catch it . int . under the stage -- continuous angier drop ten foot to the concrete floor . but there be nothing to break he fall - he smashes painfully to the ground . clutching he leg in agony , he look up and see someone stand on the lift twenty foot away ... borden . int . stage -- continuous the first door slam shut . the audience turn they attention to second door . the door remain close . the hat fall gently to the floor . silence , break by a cough in the audience . int . under the stage -- continuous borden bow to angier - the lift rocket borden up through the stage floor . 73. int . stage -- continuous the second door open , and borden step through , look all around , confuse , as if he do not know where he be . he look back at the door , then pick up the hat ... int . under the stage -- continuous angier look at he leg - a nasty compound fracture . as he choke on pain he can hear laughter from the audience . int . stage -- continuous as borden mug with the hat , try it on and find it too small , something be lowered from the fly above : angier / root , bound and gag , hang from a chain . a sign around he neck read : " open at pantage - the professor " borden look up behind he . borden great danton , I must apologize ! I simply have too much magic for my stage at the pantage ! the great danton come to rest three foot above the stage . borden ( cont 'd ) pardon my intrusion ! borden place the top hat and angier / root at a jaunty angle . thunderous applause and laughter . borden bow , hop down off the stage , and walk up the aisle , bow , enjoy it all the way . int . stage -- later cutter crouch over angier , fix a long splint to he break leg . behind they , root still hang above the stage , groan in protest . cutter I do not see how borden find he - I have he under wrap , I be careful . angier well , he do . cutter help angier to he foot . cutter sit , do you think it might be she ? olivia ? angier stop to look at cutter . 74 . angier no. I do not . cutter gesture at root . cutter shall we cut he down ? angier he 's the great danton . let he cut himself down . ext . pantage's theatre -- night angier , thinly disguise , leg in long metal brace , push through the crowd outside the box office . the marquee : the Professor perform his masterpiece - the original transported man !! on the box office : sold out thru sunday . angier stare . scalper ( o.s. ) need ticket , sir ? angier turn to the scalper . nod . int . pantage's theatre -- evening angier slump into a seat at the back of the packed theatre . onstage : borden work through he show with a superior degree of showmanship , even crack a smile when call for . work without glove , he make much of perform trick one-handed . he be assist by olivia , who look stunning . borden perform ths transport man . borden have dressed it up with electrical apparatus . two large glass ball transmit SPARKS between one cabinet and the other along bare wire . another watch , anger rise as he watch olivia 's close rapport with borden . int . apartament -- evening olivia enter in to the darkness bedroom . she strike a match and light one of the gaslight ... ... and scream as the gaslight illuminate angier , sit in a armchair , cane lean against the arm of the chair . angier you be not expect I ? olivia I be expect you sooner , Robbie . you message say " afternoon " . 75 . angier well , it take a bit for I to get around this day ... angier rap he leg brace with he cane . hoist himself up . angier ( cont 'd ) he 's take everything from I . my wife , my career ... now you . olivia what do you mean ? you send I to - angier take she by the shoulder , roughly . angier I send you to steal he secret - not to improve he act - olivia that 's my job -! angier or to fall in love with he ! olivia you abandon I to he ! angier slap she . she shake she head at he . olivia ( cont 'd ) I do everything you ask . angier ( challenging ) yes ? then how do he do it ?! olivia cutter be right - it 's a double . angier shake he head , furious . angier of course borden say that - olivia he do not say anything - he would never say . I have see thing - make - up , glass , wig . we do not use any of it for the show , but I have find it hide backstage . angier ( scorn ) it 's misdirection - he leave that thing lie around to make you think he 's use a double . 76 . olivia all the time ? he do not know when i'm looking - angier all the time , olivia - that 's who he be , that 's what it take - he life he act , do not you see ?! ( beat ) and just because you be sleep with he do not mean he trust you . olivia glare athim , tear form in she eye . olivia you thing you can see everything , do not you ? she move to she bed , reaching below the mattress . olivia ( cont 'd ) but the great danton , be a blind fool . olivia toss something at angier : a cardboard - bound notebook . olivia ( cont 'd ) his notebook . angier start leaf desperately through page . angier you steal it ? olivia I borrow it for tonight . I think you would be able to translate some of it , but now I realize - angier I can not . olivia ( scorn ) you can not . angier olivia , no one could - ( study page ) it 's a cypher - with a transposition that probably shift every day of the diary . even with the keyword it would take month to decode ... olivia and without the keyword ? 77 . angier perhaps never . we will see . angier put the cardboard - bound notebook into he pocket . olivia , worried , hold out she hand for the notebook . olivia no , we will not - if I do not get that back tomorrow morning , he will know I take it . angier look at she , incredulous . angier you can nor possibly think I would let this go ? this be he diary , olivia . all of he secret be right here , in my hand . olivia ( pleading ) do not do this do I , Robert ! angier ( shrug ) leave he . olivia he know where I live ! angier I need to know he method . olivia ( desperate ) it will not get you wife back , Robert . angier I do not care about my wife - I care about he secret ! angier stop , realize what he say . calm himself . angier ( cont 'd ) look , I will go to he workshop and stage a break - in - olivia he will know it be you - angier put he hand gently on she shoulder . angier yes , I , not you . understand ? olivia nod , cry . still scared . angier drag he leg to the door . she watch he go , tear . 78 . olivia Robert ? I have fall in love with he . angier look at she , sympathetic . angier then I know how hard this have be hard for you . int . borden' workshop -- day close on : shatter glass , broken prop and cabinetry . borden and fallon survey the wreckage of they shop . borden look at fallon . borden notebook . fallon nod . borden sigh . weary . borden ( cont 'd ) then he 's just get start . ext . stagedoor , pantage's theatre -- evening a small crowd of autograph seeker crowd the stagedoor . a bodyguard step through the door and begin unsher they away as fallon and borden follow he through the door . the bodyguard hold the door to a carriage open and fallon step up . borden stop at the door . borden I be walk tonight , gentleman . fallon look concerned . borden ( cont 'd ) let he come . I do not care . borden doff he hat and walk onto the crowd street . fallon step down , reach into the bodyguard 's jacket and pull out a pistol . he check that it 's load and slip it into he own jacket . then he set off after borden . ext . street , west end -- evening fallon continue to follow borden at a distance . borden step into a tobacconist 's . fallon stop and idle at the street corner . as fallon watch , acrooss the street , another man stop . fallon slip back around the corner and look : it 's angier , lean on he cane . 79 . borden emerge from the tobacconist and continue down the street , a cloud of pipe smoke drift after he . fallon wait for angier to set off after borden , then follow both man from a distance . borden cross to the same side of the street as angier . fallon pick up he pace and try to cross the street but be held up for a second by pass traffi . as he reach the other side , borden be go , but he see angier dissappear down and alleyway . ext . alley -- continuous fallon round the cornder and stop . the alleyway be empty . -- he have lose they . finally , he see a open , darkn doorway towards the end of the alleyway . int . hallway -- continuous fallon stop at the doorway , he glove hand grip the doorframe . angier stand at the other end of the hallway , watch he . fallon take a step towards he and crash through the rotten floor to the basement below . int . basement -- continuous fallon drop heavily into a almost - vertical OPEN coffin . disoriented , fallon just glimpsis cutter drop the lid into place , shutting he in . cutter start nailing it down . a gunshot tear through the lid of the box . cutter fall back , but be catch by angier . angier roll cutter off to one side . he be clutching at a bloody wound on he arm . cutter I will live . ( to coffin ) you save I the trouble to make you a air hole ! Angie pick up the hammer and continue nailing . ext . highgate cemetary -- morning borden pick up he way through the overgrown cemetary . he hear a knocking and turn : angier be behind he , rapping on a break headstone with the head of he cane . 80 . borden I be impressed . angier why 's that ? borden you be finally get you hand dirty . this be what a good trick cost , angier . risk. sacrifice . angier the sacrifice , I be afraid , be all go to be yours . unless you give I what I want . borden which be ? angier you secret . borden try to gauge angier 's expression . borden my secret ? angier you method for the transport man . fallon would not tell I . in fact , he do not talk at all . borden ( shrug ) you have my notebook . angier useless without the keyword . angier pull a sheaf of write paper and a pencil stub from he pocket . he offer they to borden . angier ( cont 'd ) write down you method Mr. borden . describe it in full . borden take the paper and pencil and stare angier in the eye , gaug he . beat . borden write a single word on the top page and fold it up . angier ( cont 'd ) I want the method not the keyword - I do not even know if the secret be in you notebook . 81 . borden look at angier with a glint in he eye . borden the keyword be the method . angier reach for the fold paper , which borden lift out of reach . borden ( cont 'd ) where be my ingeneur ? angier pull a shovel free from a pile of dirt beside he . he stake it into a fresh pile of dirt in front of borden . borden look at angier , concerned . borden ( cont 'd ) be he angier pluck the fold paper from borden 's hand . angier how fast can you gid ? angier movie away through the headstone , lean heavily on he cane . borden begin to dig . int . hospital -- evening cutter be slump in a chair by the wall , he arm bandage . he smile up at angier , who sit down next to he . angier how 's the arm ? cutter still attach . do you get you answer ? angier hold up the fold paper . angier we answer , cutter . I have not look yet , I want you to share this . cutter look curiously at angier . cutter I already know how he do it , Robert . the same way he always have , the same way we do . you just want it to be something more . angier look at cutter , uneasy . angier well , let 's find out , shall we ? 82. angier open the piece of paper . a large grin spread across he face . he turn it to cutter - it read - - tesla - cutter frown , confuse . cutter what do it mean ? angier ( excite ) it mean , cutter , that we have a journey ahead of we . to America . cutter watch angier 's excitement . awkward . cutter Robert , listen to I . ( gentle , but definite ) obssession be a young man 's game , I can not follow you any farther in this . angier look at cutter , uncomprehend . he consider say something . stop . restraining himself . angier then the rest be up to I . int . elegant restaurant -- evening Sarah sit by herself at a table for two . borden enter with a swagger , olivia beside he , fallon behind . the maitre D ' hurry over , signal waiter . Sarah look up . uncomfortable . sarah I do not know we would be join for dinner . borden absolutely . we be celebrate . the waiter spirit another table and chair to join Sarah 's . borden pull out a chair for olivia . sarah miss wenscombe . mr.fallon . olivia smile cheerfully . fallon nod , embarrassed . borden ( to wine waiter ) Champagne . you finest sarah what be we celebrate , dear ? 83. borden well , we have hit upon a new trick , have not we , fallon ? olivia what trick , freddy ? sarah ( brittle ) yes , " freddy " . what trick ? the waiter present a bottle of champagne . borden nod without look at it . borden ( loud ) I be go to bury myself alive . every night . then someone 's go to come along and dig I up ! other diner be glance over . the waiter uncork the bottle with a muffle pop and pour champagne into borden 's glass . sarah ( to waiter ) I be not sure my husband need - borden who be you to tell I what ?! awkward silence . olivia shift in she seat . olivia perhap - sarah perhaps , mr.fallon , you might escort miss wenscombe home . my husband 's be a bore . I see no reason for the two of you to suffer as well . fallon be on he foot , pull back olivia 's chair . olivia good-night , mrs.borden . good-night , freddy . they leave . borden glare at he wife . sarah " freddy " ? borden it 's my name . sarah not at home . 84 . borden I be not always at home . Sarah be clearly on the verge of tear . sarah Alfred , why be you be like this ? borden , see she fistress , softne . borden Sarah , I have a terrible ordeal today . I think I would lose something very precious to I . sarah what ? borden look at she speechless . shrug helplessly . sarah ( cont 'd ) I see . more secret . borden secret be my life , Sarah . we life . Sarah brushes away a tear . sarah when you be like this , Alfred , I be not see the real you . you be treat I like you audience . perform . I can not live with that . borden just sit there . offer nothing . ext . cliff house inn -- day angier walk up to the hotel . a motorcar be park in front and two men be unload it . one of the man stare at angier as he enter the hotel . int . cliff house inn angier walk to the reception desk . angier I think I have the place to myself . manager unexpect guest . ( look out the window at the man ) not very polite . a lot of question . at first I think they might work for the government . 85 . angier no ? manager ( lower voice ) worse . they work for Thomas Edison . angier start out the windo at the man unload equipment . int . HOTEL room , colorado -- continuous angier sit at the desk , decipher borden 's diary . borden ( v.o. ) today , a most curious development ... int . borden' workshop -- day borden turn to see fallon show in olivia . borden ( v.o. ) his assistent come to we with a proposition ... they start to speak as borden 's v.o. continue . borden ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) obviously angier have send she , and tell she to admit as much ... borden ( cont 'd ) tell I olivia . do he like take he bow under the stage ? olivia meet he gaze . olivia no . it 's kill he . he 's obssess with discover you method . he think of nothing else , and take no pleasure in we success . I have have enough . there be no future with he . he send I here to steal you secret , but I have actually come to offer you he . borden he have no secret from I . borden stare at she , unsure . borden ( cont 'd ) this be the " truth " you speak of ? she give he a sly smile . 86 . olivia no . this be what he tell I to tell you . beat . olivia ( cont 'd ) the truth be that I love he . and stand by he . and he send I to you like he would send a stagehand to pick up he shirt . ( look he in the eye ) I hate he for that . they sit there in silence , appraise each other . borden I can spot angier 's method from the back of the theatre . what could you possibly have to offer I ? olivia smile , move to borden , reach for he glove hand . borden flinch , surprised . olivia you may know he do he trick ... but you can not understand why no one can see that yours be better . she tenderly peel off he padded glove revealing he mutilade hand . olivia ( cont 'd ) you hide this . I have to look closely to spot it when you perform the transport man. ( look into he eye ) but this make you unique ... it show the audience that you be not use a double ; you mus not hide it , you must display it proudly ... ( look at hand ) I be sure it take great skill to perform illusion with one good hand . borden ( quietly ) it do . olivia then let people know . you can be so much more then he be . I can show you how . borden look into she eye . borden ( v.o. ) I think she be tell the truth . 87 . int . bedroom , borden' workshop -- night borden and olivia be in bed together . it be raining outside . he watch she get out of bed and move to the window to smoke a cigarette . borden ( v.o. ) I think we cannot trust she . but I love she . I need she . we need she . borden ( cont 'd ) how could he send you away ? he must be blind , deaf and dumb . she smile quietly at this . olivia Robbie 's blind by he jealosy . he would do anything for you secret . send I away be the least of it . borden consider this . borden ( v.o. ) trust be not the point - love be the point ... who have we ever trust ? to open myself to such a relationship , ext . narrow alleyway -- day olivia make she way past crow market stall . borden ( v.o. ) ...to the danger of such a affair ... I need assurance of fidelity . of love . fallon be shadowing she from a distance . borden ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but how to be sure when truth be layer like the skin of a onion ? I know a way ... she must help I rid ourselves of angier . it be the only way to kow she mind . int . HOTEL room , colorado -- day angier look up from borden 's diary . pale . he flip page and page forward to the last entry ... borden ( v.o. ) today my mistress prove she truthfulness . not to I , you understand . 88. borden ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have be convinced since she lead I to root ... today , olivia prove she love for I to you , angier . angier look up from the notebook . mind reeling . borden ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) yes , angier . she give you this noteboook at my request . yes , she lead I to root , and yes , tesla be merely the key to my dairy , not to my trick . do you really think I would part with my secret so easily after so much ? good-bye , angier , may you find solace for you thwart ambition back in yout american home . angier stare at the page , unblink . jump to he foot ... int . tesla's laboratory -- day angier stride up to the fence . angier tesla ! ( nothing ) tesla !! angier take he cane and start run its metal tip across the eletrify fence - cause sparking and crackling . angier ( cont 'd ) alley , get out here and let I in !! alley emerge from the building , consufe . int . tesla's laboratory -- day alley open the door- angier burst in past he , enraged . angier I have veen play for a fool ! alley who by ? angier tesla never make a machine like the one I ask for . alley we never say he have . angier you let I believe that he have , alley ! ( more ) 89 . angier ( cont 'd ) you steal my money because you funding be cut off - you have be shoot spark at my top hat , laugh at I all along while you use my money to stave off ruin . I have see Edison 's men- alley where ? angier in the hotel . I have every mind to bring they up here myself - tesla that would be unwise , mr.angier . tesla be hold a cage contain a large tabby cat . tesla ( cont 'd ) it be true , sir , that you be you one remain financier . but we have not steal you money ... alley Sir , my cat ? tesla silence alley with a tiny glance . alley ( cont 'd ) when I tell you I could make you machine I speak the simple truth . Science be just a name for the art of rendering the exotic mundane . it have no boundary - its very purpose be to destroy boundary . angier then why be not the machine work ? tesla give angier the slight of smile . tesla because exact science , mr.angier , be not a exact science . the machine simply do not operate as expect . it need continue examination . angier where do my top hat go ? alley nowhere . alley point to the top hat , which be sit on a workbench . 90 . alley ( cont 'd ) we have try the damn thing a dozen time . and the hat go nowhere . tesla which be why we need to rey a different material . it may provoke a different result . tesla open the cage and point the open end at alley . tesla ( cont 'd ) you do not expect I to handle the thing myself ? alley reluctantly reach into the cage and pull out the terrified cat . he jump down into the pit and secure the animal bu its collar to a eye-hook sink into the ground . alley you be responsible for whatever happen to this animal , Doctor . alley pull himself out of the pit , and tesla charge the generator . the cat stare up at the machine around it and hiss . without ceremony , tesla fire the machine . as before , large bolt spew from the head of the machine , down towards the unseen cat . the machine build to a deafening roar , then sputter out . silence . the three man begin edging towards the pit . suddenly , a terrifying screech . the cat be still there , still tie to the hook . alley breathes a sigh of relief and start to free the car . tesla look frustate . suddenly , the cat burst free of alley and rocjet through the open side door of the lab . angier I will go . angier limp after the cat . ext . tesla's laboratory -- continuous angier see the cat disappear along the edge of the building and into the forest beyond . angier follow . ext . forest -- continuous angier push he way through the dense undergrowth , try to keep up , but the cat have disappear . 91 . angier here , kitty , kitty . suddenly , a horrible screeching reach angier . he begin to follow the noise . he stop at the open of a tiny glade , no more than ten foot across . two identical cat be fight viciously in front of angier . he try to separate the two animal , and succeed in grab one . the other cat race off . angier take a few step after it , then freeze , stare at - top hat . cluster in a small glad . the first cat slink its way through they . the second black cat jump from angier 's hand - race into the glade , hissing , spitting , chasing the first cat into the wood beyond - angier be leave alone in the clear , stare at the pile of dozen of identical top hat . ext . porch , tesla's laboratory -- day the top hat be in a pile on the dark . tesla be at the table , measure two hat with a pair of caliper . angier and alley be watch . angier so the machine be work ? alley I never bother to check the calibration . the hat never move . tesla this thing never quite work as you expect they to , Mr. angier . that 's one of the principal beauty of science . tesla look carefully at the hat in he hand . it have a tiny tear on the inside of the brim . he pick up another hat . it have the same tear . tesla ( cont 'd ) we will need a couple of week to iron out the - ( look at hat ) - problem with the machine . I will send word when it 's ready . angier , still daze , take he cane and head for the door . 92 . tesla ( cont 'd ) do not forget you hat . angier stop and look at the pile of hat . angier which one be mine ? tesla they be all you hat , Mr. angier . tesla smile at he . int . borden' workshop -- day borden 's daughter , jess , now four , run into the room and try to hop up into he lap . laugh , he help she up . jess be we go to the zoo this afternoon , daddy ? borden daddy 's get some business this afternoon . jess but you promise . borden do I ? jess nod at he , solemly . borden ( cont 'd ) then go to the zoo we shall . borden hold the newspaper open for she to look at . borden ( cont 'd ) ( gesture to newspaper ) who 's that ? a large advertisement feature a picture of borden : the Professor - England 's premiere magician ! jess that 's you , daddy ? borden pick up the girl off of he lap and stand . borden daddy have some errand to run . I will be back before you know it , so get ready . borden walk to the door . as he do , Sarah enter , avoid he eye , then ducking he as he try to kiss she . 93. she reach for the sherry decanter . he watch she pour . Sarah look at he , eye red from cry . sarah we each have we vice . borden move to she , gentle concern in he eye . borden Sarah . whatever you may think , you only competition for my affection be my little girl . I love you . I will always love you , and you alone . she look into he eye . fascinate . sarah you mean it today . borden absolutely . sarah that make it so much harder when you do not . she turn from he . borden watch she sadly . leave . ext . canal -- afternoon borden walk along a disus strecth of industrial canal that snake through the poorer neighborhood of the city . borden wander into a tunel . another man be wait for he -- fallon . fallon hand borden a fold piece of paper . he study it . borden more shopping . she do not like the smell of money , do not she ? fallon look away . borden tear up the paper . borden ( cont 'd ) the little lady want to visit the Zoo , I think you could take she . I will do it tomorrow , if not . ( look at he foot ) Sarah ... she know . at least , she know thing be not right . ( look at fallon , pleading ) help I with she . try and convince she that I love she . please . borden , embarrassed , pat fallon on the shoulder and make off down the path . fallon set off in the opposite direction . 94 . int . olivia' apartment olivia , barely wear a dress gown , answer the door to borden . she pull he in , try to draw he into a kiss , but he back away . olivia what be it . freddy ? borden please do not call I that . it 's nothing , just ... sometimes thing seem ... wrong . olivia look at he . cold . olivia freddy , I have tell you before . when you be with I , you be with I . leave you family at home where they belong . borden I be try , olivia . please . olivia I will get dress . borden watch she move down the hall . olivia ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I see fallon hang around my house again , after you leave . olivia come back in , half - dress . olivia ( cont 'd ) there 's something about he I do not trust . borden you trust I ? ( off she look ) then trust fallon - he protect the thing I care about . ext . cliff house inn -- morning angier walk out from the lobby . the two men he see before be load up they automobile . smiling , laugh . ext . road , pike' peak -- morning the coach pull to a stop . angier and the driver look up . a plume of smoke be rise from further up the hill . 95 . ext . clearing , pike' peak -- moment later angier round the bend in the road and come into view of the laboratory . he freeze . the fence have be torn down . Beyond it , the lab have be burned to the ground . the metal tower be in smoldering piece . everything else be go . angier notice a piece of metal lie in the road near he , and , use he cane , flip it over . it 's alley 's sign warning trespasper to keep out . int . angier be room , cliff house inn -- evening angier take down the picture of Julia from the mantel . he study it a second then put it in the top of he pack suitcase . int . lobby , cliff house inn -- morning the bellboys wrestle with angier 's case as angier walk to the reception desk . the manager smile up at he . manager we be sorry to see you go , Mr. angier . angier take out he wallet and begin lay down bill . manager ( cont 'd ) we be sorry to see Mr. tesla leave as well . he be very good to Colorado Springs . a very generous man . angier smile up at he , absently and begin to leave . manager ( cont 'd ) Mr. angier ? ( angier turn ) I do not feel it be necessary to tell the other man about the box . angier stop . angier what box ? the manager smile . int . hallway , cliff house inn -- morning angier follow the manager down a darken hallway . manager we never use this room in the off - season . it 's a shame . 96 . the manager stop at a set of double door and unlock they . he push they open and usher angier through . int . ballroom , cliff house inn -- continuous angier step into the massive , elegant room . stand on the dance floor be a enormous shipping crate . stencill on one side " colorado spring " angier walk up to the huge crate , awestruck . a envelope address to he have be stick to the front . angier stop it and begin to read . tesla ( v.o. ) my dear angier , you will find what you be look for in the box . I apologize for leave without say goodbye ... ext . tesla's laboratory -- night -- flashback under cover of night , a group of figure ransack the laboratory . tesla ( v.o. ) but I seem to have outstaye my welcome in Colorado . the figure begin set FIRE to the side of the laboratory . tesla ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the extraordinary be not permit in science and industry . perhaps you will have more luck in you field , mystify . as to the use of the machine ... int . abandoned theatre -- night the open crate sit empty at the side of a derelict stage . angier , in shirt sleeve be run cable to the machine , which be stand center stage . tesla ( v.o. ) alley have write you a thorough set of instruction . I add only one suggestion on use the machine - ext . colorado spring -- night -- flashback alley hold open the door to a coach . tesla step up into it and look back from the coach 's open door , up the mountain . 97 . tesla ( v.o. ) - destroy it . Drop it to the bottom of the deep ocean . High on the mountain , the laboratory be ablaze . tesla ( cont 'd ) such thing will only bring you misery . tesla fold himself into the coach , shutting the door as it moe off down the mountain . int . abandoned theatre -- night angier move to one side of the stage where he make a hash mark with a piece of chalk . angier ( v.o. ) tesla 's warning be as unheard as he know it would be . today I test the machine ... he load a gun and place it next to the machine . angier ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) take precaution in case tesla have not irone out the kink in its operation ... angier throws the switch . the machine groans into life - sparking and glowing as it get up to full power . angier ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... if it go wrong I would not want to live like that for long ... angier close he eye for a instant , listen to its power , then throws himself into the machine . he be consumed by light ... white sceen - angier ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but here , at the turn , I must leave you , borden ... the whit become handwrite a a page and we be - int . prison cell -- day borden stare at angier 's journal in disbelief . angier yes , you , borden . sitting there , in you cell , read my diary . await you death . for my murder . 98 . borden slam the journal shut . stare at it . ext . prison cell , newgate prison -- day borden stand at the fence again . owen Lord caldlow be happy to hear that you would reconsider he offer . borden angier 's journal , the " gesture of good faith " ? it 's a fake . owen ( surprised ) I assure you it 's not . borden it have to be - it refer to event that happen after he death . owen clever prediction , I be sure . the provenance of the journal be clear and under no doubt . it 's write in angier own hand , of which we have numerous example . ( look at borden ) what make you think it 's a fake ? borden look away , uncomfortable . borden it do not matter . borden lean forward and stuff rolled paper through the fence . owen take they carefully . borden ( cont 'd ) my trick . all of they . owen include the transport man ? Lord caldlow will be very pleased . borden no he will not . they be not complete - you only have the pledge and turn for each . owen leaf through the papers , annoyed . owen without the Prestige for each trick this be wothless . 99 . borden you will get the rest after you bring my daughter here . owen look at borden . borden ( cont 'd ) I want to say goodbye . int . borden' house -- night jess sit at the foot of the stair , listen to she parent shout at each other in the live room . she be crying . borden ( o.s. ) stop it ! just stop it ! sarah deny it all you want - I know ! int . live room , borden' house -- continuous Sarah be wild , eye red , hair a mess . utterly distraught borden be try to calm she . borden Sarah , it 's not true ! I have tell you olivia mean nothing to I ! sarah I will go yo she ! I know what you really be , Alfred ! borden ( quietly firm ) Sarah . you can not do that . int . hallway , borden' house -- continuous jess look up . fallon be stand above she . listen . sarah ( o.s. ) I will do what I have to ! jess reach up a hand . fallon take it in he . borden ( o.s. ) Sarah , you can not talk like this ! int . live room , borden' house -- continuous Sarah turn to face borden . deperate . sarah I can not live like this ! 100 . borden ( angry ) what do you want from I ! Sarah pause . catch she breath . sarah ( quiet ) I want you to be honest with I . no trick , no lie , no secret . borden calm . look into she eye . nod . sarah ( cont 'd ) do you love I ? borden look into she eye . sincere . borden not today . Sarah take this in . borden watch , helpless . sarah ( whisper ) thank you . borden watch she turn away from he . int . hallway , borden' house -- continuous jess reach up to fallon with she other hand . he take she gently in he arm . we stay on jess 's tear- stain face over fallon 's shoulder as he carry she up the stair . int . borden' workshop -- morning close on a poster : borden , in costume , look intense : the professor - master of dark force . as we pull back we hear a gentle creaking ... pull back past a hang pair of feet , one shoe miss ... wider show up that it be sarah , hanging by her neck from a beam in the middle of the shop . gently swinging . int . public house -- night cutter be finish he meal at the bar . he go to take a swig from he pint and freeze - at the bottom of the glass : a playing card . he look around the bar . no one he recognize . he reach into the glass . cutter pull out the card - a address be write up one side . ext . abandoned theatre -- night cutter walk along labyrinthine street . stop at a abandoned theatre . he look up at the building , then enter . 101 . int . albert hall -- evening cutter make he way past the tatter box office and into the derelivt auditorium . in the middle of the room be the crate . cutter stand and stare at it . male voice ( o.s. ) who' there cutter turn . a stagehand . his eye be solid white . the man be clearly blind . cutter I - I be look for a old friend - angier ( o.s. ) I hear about a book ... cutter turn . angier be behind he , lean on he cane . beside angier be a second blind stagehand . angier ( cont 'd ) Nice little theatre . good up - and - come magician . cutter you come back . angier it 's a good to see you , John . cutter size angier up . look around the theatre . cutter good rehearsal space . blind stagehand . I like it - ( knowing smile ) you always have a eye for publicity . angier sit in one of the stall . cutter follow suit . angier I need you help , John . my last show . a limited engagement . cutter you last show ? angier a wise man once tell I that obsession be a young man 's game . I be almost do . one thing leave ... ( point at crate ) the real transport man. cutter stare at the crate . 102 . cutter you want to design a show around it ? angier i do not want you backstage , I need you front of house , manage . cutter consider this . uncertain . angier ( cont 'd ) i need you call in any favour and connection you have leave to get we the right book for the run . cutter what sort of book be you after ? angier the sort that borden can not ignore . cutter look at angier . nod . ext . abandoned theatre -- day a long , expensive carriege creep out to a halt outside the abandon theatre , and the confuse driver pull over . driver this be the address , sir . the carriage open , a impose man in he 50' step out , look the place up and down , then head inside . int . abandoned theatre -- continuous the man enter the auditoruim and stare downat the brightly lit stage . cutter move quickly up the aisle , hand outstretch . cutter mr.ackerman . it 's a honor to see you again , sir . ackerman shake cutter 's hand . ackerman when you say you only want to show I one trick it pique my interest . cutter it 's a very special trick . mr.ackerman . angier have appear . 103 . angier please to meet you , Mr. ackerman . ackerman likewise , I be sure . let 's get on , shall we ? angier smile . cutter ( down to stage ) turn it on , please . after a moment , the machine SPARKS into life . electric bolt cascade from the globe and splash on the stage . ackerman very pretty . angier smile at cutter and head back down the stage . he step himself into the machine and disappear . the machine sputter out and be silent . ackerman ( cont 'd ) that 's it , cutter ? he simply disappear ? that 's not a trick . he have to come back . there have to be a- voice ( o.s. ) -a Prestige ? ackerman exactly - ackerman begin to turn around - then stop - angier be stand directly behind he . ackerman be dumfounded . he look back down at the stage . ackerman ( cont 'd ) ( quiet , haunt ) pardon I . it 's very rare to see ... real magic . it 's be many year since I have see ... anckerman steady himself ; angier be you interested in help we ? ackerman ( nods ) yes . but you will have to dress it up a little . disguise it . give they enough reason to doubt it . 104 . int . stage manager' office , pantage's theatre -- day merrit sit eat a sandwich . the door to he office open and ackerman stride in . merrit struggle to he foot . merrit ( surprised ) Mr. ackerman . when they say ... I do not think you would be here in person . ackerman sit without be ask to . ackerman I have a act for you venue . merrit ( flustered ) well , of course , sir ... but I be afraid I be book . the Moscow ballet . they be play through next year . ackerman get rid of they . this be a magical act . a excellent one . I believe you book he first engagement several year ago . the great danton . merrit you really want I to - ackerman stand . merrit ( cont 'd ) I will do it . of course . ackerman pick up a pen and paper from merrit 's desk . ackerman ( smile ) there will be one hundred performance . no more , no less . five perfomance a week . no matinee , no weekend . ackerman scribbles onto the paper and hand it to merrit . ackerman ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) and that 's what you will be charge for each ticket . good day . ackerman sweep out of the room , leave merrit dumbfounded , stare at the scrap of paper in he hand . int . restaurant -- evening olivia and borden be seat across from each other , finish they meal . olivia watch borden eat . 105 . olivia you have not spopken about she , freddy . not once . borden who ? olivia do not be cruel . borden why would I talk about she to you ? olivia because she be part of you life and now she 's go . borden say nothing . olivia ( cont 'd ) she want to meet I the day before she kill herself . Said she have something to tell I about you . ( look away ) I be such a coward , I could not bring myself to face she . ( look at borden ) what would she have say , I wonder ? borden ( snap ) you want the truth about I , olivia ? ( she nod , wary ) I never love Sarah . olivia ( appalled ) you marry she , have a child with her - borden part of I love she . but part of I do not . the part that find you . the part that 's sit here now . I love you . that be the truth that matter . olivia toss she napkin on she plate . olivia you could be sit in some other restaurant talk to some other woman about I that way . it 's unhuman to be so cold . borden watch she rise from the table . she look at he . 106 . olivia ( cont 'd ) by the way , have you see who 's open at the pantage ? ( borden shake head ) the great danton . borden he 's back ? olivia after two year . and he have a new trick . they be say it 's the best that London 's ever see . borden can not hide he reaction . olivia ( cont 'd ) if you could see the look on you face , Professor . you should go to he - you deserve each other . olivia smile at he and leave . int . pantage's theatre -- evening borden , in disguise , take he seat halfway along the aisle . the light dim . curtain rise on a simple stage . bare except for a water - filled glass tank . borden stiffen in he seat , perplex . angier limp onto the stage . address the audience . angier lady and gentleman , my first trick of the evening be one that involve considerable risk . ( remove he coat ) anyone in the audience who would be irrevocable damage by see a man drow should leave now , for when I tell you that the young lady who teach perform it , you will understand the seriousness of the danger involved . borden watch the hook descend from the fly . remember . insert CUT : borden stare as angier desperately brush the water from Julia 's face . int . pantage's theatre -- later angier step forward as another curtain be draw up behind he , revealing tesla's machine . 107 . angier in my travel I have see the future , and it be a strange future indeed . the world be on the brink of new and terrifying possibility . the audience recoil in terror as the machine be start and bolt fly from it . smoke drift over the audience . borden inch forward in he seat . angier stand in front of the machine , silhouett by the frenzy of electricity behind he . he toss he cane to he assistant and step into the machine . the audience scream as large bolt blast from the machine and wrap themselves around angier' arm and leg . borden be watch very carefully . angier be almost impossible to see as the machine build to a climax , but , just before it do ; borden catch a glimpse of angier be body falling through a trap door . the machine sputter out . angier have disappeared . the light be dim . a follow spot fire into the box , audience look up with a gather commotion - angier be stand on the rail of the royal BOX , thirtyfeet above stall . he smile down at the audience . angier ( cont 'd ) man 's reach exceed he imagination ! the audience break into a massive stand ovation . int . borden' workshop -- day fallon be at the workbench , stare at a sketch of tesla 's machine . borden pace , agitate . borden why only 100 performance ? do he method dictate it , or be it simply a publicity move ? borden walk back and stare at the sketch . borden ( cont 'd ) fifty yard in a second . and all I know be that he use a trapdoor . what 's go on under that stage ? ext . pantage's theatre -- night the theatre be close , and tree blind stagehand be wreastling a tarp - wrapped BOX onto a cart in the alleyway behind the theatre . fallon be watch from the shadow . 108 . ext . labyrinthine street -- continuous fallon shadow the cart as it slowly make its way . ext . abandoned theatre -- later fallon watch from further down in the alley as the blind stagehands unload the box onto a dolly and wheel it through the stage door . he move closer , then stop . see something . cutter have emerge from a nearby doorway and slip through the stage door . int . abandoned theatre -- continuous the blind stagehand wheel the tarp - cover box to two large metal door in the floor of the auditorium and start hook it up to a winch . the metal door open with a metal howl ... cutter slip down the aisle . watching . blind stagehand who' there ! the man turn precisely to cutter , flase he white eye . cutter it 's cutter . blind stagehand what do you want ? cutter I be look for angier . angier you find he . cutter turn . angier approach . angier ( cont 'd ) I tell you , John - I do not want you backstage on this one . cutter what be they do ? angier dispose of the Prestige material . cutter look down at the black hole in the floor . cutter what 's down there ? angier look at he , serious . 109 . angier do you really want to know ? cutter consider angier 's grave tone . cutter perhaps not . cutter leave by the stage door . int . borden' workshop -- day borden sit at he work bench . fallon fiddle with he howler hat . borden they do this every night . after each performance ? fallon nod . borden get to he foot with a sigh . turn to a poster on the wall - " the great danton perform the real transported man - 100 show only " he study the image of angier . there be a small devil look over he shoulder . borden ( cont 'd ) we be do . ( turn to fallon ) let he have this trick . you be not to go back there . I do not need to know he secret . leave he alone . fallon put on he hat with a shrug . int . pantage's theatre -- evening a pack house . many hand raise . move in on a beard man , he glove hand tentatively rise into the air . it be borden . a glamorous assistant beckon borden from the aisle . he shuffles along he row towards she . embarrass . borden and four other volunteer follow the Assistant down towards the stage ... on which stand angier , lean on he cane , smile . loom over he be the large and complex electrical machine . borden stare at the machine as he mount the stage . borden , fascinated , and the other volunteer look over the vast machine . as angier gesture theatrically at the various feature of the metal and glass apparatus . as the Assistant lead the volunteer to the side of the stage , borden slip through the gas at the side of the curtain - 110 . int . pantage's theatre , backstage -- continuous - look around , disorient , then dart for some stair lead below stage where he run into a burly stagehand . stagehand where would you think you be go ? borden pull off he beard . borden I be part of the act , you fool ! the stagehand raise he eyebrow and step aside . borden race down below the stage . cutter approach the stagehand . cutter who be that ? int . pantage's theatre , onstage -- continuous angier throw switch on he machine . as it groans into life , sparking and crackling , angier gare at it , forget he audience . entrace . possess . int . beneath the stage -- continuous borden fumble through the darkn area , light by flash and spark through gap in the board of the stage above . he gasp as a flash illuminate a stagehand with solid white eye sit nearby . borden wave a hand in front of the stagehand 's face . he be blind . borden move on . int . pantage's theatre , onstage -- night angier , face the audience , step backwards into the machine . he look up at the electricity sparking just above he . int . beneath the stage -- continuous borden light a match . in front of he be a large glass tank filled with water , its lid propped OPEN . borden frown . int . pantage's theatre , onstage -- continuous bolt of electricity draw inwards , wrapping angier in a ball of lighting which crack - int . beneath the stage -- continuous the room fill with light as a trapdoor snap open and a body drop into the tank . the lid of the tank and trapdoor above SNAP shut , leave the tank , and borden , in complete darkness . 111 . int . pantage's theatre , onstage -- continuous the Machine sputter to a stop . angier be gone . the audience sit , waiting . int . beneath the stage -- night borden the tank , angier be drowing . his roll eye fix on borden , he pound desperetely on the thick glass , scream bubble ... borden , horrofied , try force the lif to the tank open . it 's seal shut . he leave the tank and begin search around under the stage . he find a spanner . borden smashes again and again at the glass of the tank , which spider , then crack , and finally give way . water burst from the tank , sweeping angier 's body into borden , and both of they onto gournd . above they we can hear yelling . borden roll angier onto he side and pound on he back . Water and blood ooze from the man 's lung . his eye be dilate and lifeless : angier be dead . borden be freeze , unable to move . cutter appear behind he , shocked by what he see . borden turn to look at he , he eye wild with confusion . cutter what do you do ? int . morque -- evening a mortician pull back a sheet drape over a corpse . angier 's lifeless eye stare up at we . cutter look at angier , the up at the mortician . nod . judge ( v.o. ) Alfred borden , you have be find guilty of the murder of Robert angier ... int . courtroom -- day borden stand chain to the dock . the judge have a piece of black cloth drape over he wig . judge you will , in one month 's time , be hang by the neck until dead . May the Lord have mercy on you soul . 112 . int . evidence room , warehouse -- day a policeman show owen into the room , walk he past all of the equipment to the far end where cutter stand stare at the machine's crate . owen mr.cutter ? ( cutter turn ) owen . they shake hand . cutter thank you for come , mr.owen . it 's fall to I to dispose of mr.angier 's equipment . look at the manifest , it 's cleat that Lord caldlow have purchase the bulk of the item . owen mr.cutter , if you need to know where to deliver the item you surely could have just - cutter it 's not just that , mr.owen . there be a particular item ( turn to crate ) this time , in fact , that I wish to ... well , that be to say , I want to - owen you wnat to buy it instead . cutter I suppose so , yes . owen move closer to the crate . see the colorado spring stencil . owen this be the machine ? ( off look ) I be afraid Lord caldlow be adamant about procure this particular item . cutter perhaps if I dould talk to Lord caldlow in person . owen out of the question , I be afraid . cutter nod . owen start to walk away . turn . 113. owen ( cont 'd ) of course , I suppose ... if , in the course of you delivery arrangement you path be to cross ... I can not stop you from speak you mind . cutter nod . int . condemned man' cell , newgate prison -- morning borden be sit quietlt in a large cell . sullen open the door . sullen ( sardonic ) still here , borden ? borden look up . borden for now . sullen get a visitor . Lord caldlow . with a little girl . borden hurrie to he foot . ext . prison yard , newgate prison -- day borden , clutching a envelope , be escort across the yard , peering at the fence . he catch a glimpse of this daughter waling beside a man on the wooden section . as borden reach the fence he crouch to greet he little girl , force the sullen and the other warder to crouch to undo he chain . borden jess , how be you ? jess smile at he and reach through the fence . borden ( cont 'd ) be you alright ? she nod . borden ( cont 'd ) I have miss you . fallon 's miss you . we both have . borden drink in she gace , she hair . she grasp the fence . jess can I come in there , daddy ? 114 . borden everything 's go to be okay . it be only then that he notice the hand on her shoulder . he rise to come face - to- face with Lord caldlow - borden ( cont 'd ) you must be Lord - - who be ROBERT angier . risen from the dead . angier ( english accent ) caldlow . yes , I be . I always have be . borden stare at angier . borden I see you die . angier just smile . angier they flatter you with all that chain , Alfred . do not they know you can not escape without you little rubber ball ? borden say nothing . angier ( cont 'd ) all I want to do be prove that I be the better magician . but you could not leave I alone . borden you be always afraid to get you hand dirty ... ( look down at he jess ) not anymore . angier no . not anymore . and I win . because no one care about the man in the box , the man who disappear . borden you win . but do not take my little girl ... angier look at borden . bitter angier I know how hard it be to have someone so precious take away , do not I ( more ) 115 . angier ( cont 'd ) borden ? but you can not take she with you know , can you ? she will be look after . good-bye , Professor . angier gently pull jess back from the fence . she protest desperate , borden hold out the envelope . borden wait . do not you want this ? you pay for it . angier you secret . borden nod . angier step up , take the envelope . angier ( cont 'd ) you always be the better magician , borden . we both know that . he tear the envelope in half . then again . and again ... angier ( cont 'd ) but whatever you secret be , you ' will have to agree - he toss the peice on the ground . angier ( cont 'd ) ( victorious ) - mine be better . angier turn . borden angier ! let I say good - bye . please . angier stop . let jess come to fence . she be cry . jess when be you take I home , daddy ? borden soon . I promise . soon. angier for God 's sake , borden . borden daddy 's come , I promise . I promise . here - borden produce he rubber ball . jess look at it . borden ( cont 'd ) I promise . 116 . borden vanish the rubber ball . angier pull jess back from the fence and start walk away . borden rise . borden ( cont 'd ) you think this place can hold I , angier ? angier continue walk jess away . shake this head . borden ( cont 'd ) angier ! borden be alone . he watch as the wind scatter the piece of he prestige over the muddy yard . ext . large country estate -- evening angier step out of a ornate carriage with jess . int . large country estate -- evening angier step inside with jess . the housekeeper come to take she . housekeeper come here , love . ( to angier ) Sir , there 's gentleman wait . angier look at she , surprised . int . drawing room , country estate -- continuous cutter be in the draw room , look at the carriage clock on the mantle . angier enter . cutter spot he reflection . captain Dead god. angier hello , cutter . cutter you be alive . ( angier nods ) you be Lord caldlow . ( angier nod again ) how ? angier ( shrug ) I learn a american accent from - cutter ( angry ) how be you alive , Robert ?! I see you on the slab , for God 's sake . 117 . angier fix cutter with a steady gaze . angier I magician never reveal he secret . the housekeeper appear with jess at she side . housekeeper go on , child . angier smile kindly at she . angier good night , jess . they leave . cutter who 's the girl ? angier say nothing . cutter ( cont 'd ) I have see she . I have see she in court with fallon ... cutter , realize , look at angier , shocked . cutter ( cont 'd ) ( quiet ) what have you do ? angier she need look after - cutter she need she father , but you be let he hang . and I help you . cutter move to the door . in a daze . pause . cutter ( cont 'd ) I come here tonight to beg Lord caldlow to let I destroy that machine . but I will not beg you for anything . angier you do not have to . I be go to make sure the machine . be never use again . ( shrug ) a good magician never repeat he trick . 118. cutter consider this . make a decision . cutter then , Lord caldlow , where would like I to deliver it ? angier my theatre . it belong with the Prestige material . cutter lookd at angier . sad . cutter I once tell you about the sailor who describe drow to I ... angier ( nods ) he say it be like go home . cutter I be lie . he say it be agony . cutter open the door . angier watch he go . ext . prison yard , newgate prison -- morning borden be at the fence . fallon be on the other side . borden we go alone now - both of we . only I do not have as far to go as you . borden look down at he foot . borden ( cont 'd ) you be right . I should have leave he to he damned trick ... I be sorry . I be sorry for so many thing . for Sarah . I do not want to hurt she . fallon wipe tear from he face . borden look at he . borden ( cont 'd ) do not cry . not for I . go live you life in full . for both of we . borden pull the rubber ball from he pocket and bounce it up and down . he turn to be lead back into the prison , dropping the ball . the ball bounce gently past the fence . fallon catch it . int . prison corridor , newgate prison -- morning borden be lead along the empty corridor , brace by six guard . 119 . the procession stop at a large windowless metal door , sink deep into the wall . sullen open the door and borden be lead inside . as borden pass sullen he lean in to he ear - borden ( quiet ) be you watch closely ? sullen stare back at he , terrify . int . death chamber , newgate prison -- continuous the room be low and small . two parallel beam , eight foot high , run from one wall to the other . hanging from the center of the beam be a chain . below the chian be a trap door . sullen lock the door to the chamber . ext . large country estate -- day jess be play in the grounds . a nursemaid some distance off chat to a gardener . jess look up from play . someone be there . cutter . ext . abandoned theatre -- evening a cart pull up to the side of the theatre . cutter and two workmen step down from the cart and move to the back of it . cutter pull the tarp off the back of the cart . underneath it be the machine 's crate . int . abandoned theatre -- evening the crate be sit on the dolly in the auditorium . cutter thank - you gent . workman where do you want it ? cutter do not worry . someone 's come to help . the workmen levae . cutter look at the crate . angier emerge from the darkness . int . death chamber the warder remove borden 's chain and shackle and replace they with strong leather belt that bind he foot together and he hand to he side . they shuffle he forward onto the trapdoor . 120 . int . abandoned theatre -- night angier and cutter load the crate onto a platform suspend by a rope . angier pull open the two metal door sink into the floor . cutter begin turn a which , lowering the crate into the hole . angier indicate a pile of brick and a bag of sand . cutter I be bring this over after we be do . angier caution as ever , cutter . no one 's go to use the place . I own it . int . cellar , abandoned theatre -- evening angier slowly climb down a ladder from the hole to join cutter in the darkness below . cutter be stand next to the platform and the crate . the only night come from a lantern angier be carry . we can see only a small flicker of the high moldy wall of the cellar , but it be a large open space . cutter no room leave - you could not have acommodate 100 performance . angier it 's a good thing I retire early then . angier put the lattern and he cane on the lif of the crate and the two man heft ir off the platform . angier ( cont 'd ) we will put it down the end . angier and cutter move into the darkness with the crate . from the small pool of light afforded by the lattern , we can see that they be navigate they way through a large space fill with large glass box . they arrive at the end and set the crate down . cutter I will go mix the cement . cutter look at angier , cold . cutter ( cont 'd ) take a minute to consider you achiviement . cutter turn . 121. angier cutter , I try not to involve you . cutter look at angier . nod . then disappear into darkness . int . abandoned theatre -- moment later cutter come across the stage and up through the auditorium . fallon be come in the other direction . as they pass they nod gravely at each other . int . death chamber , newgate prison -- day borden be hold in place by the trapdoor by two warder . the hangman walk up behind he and attaches a noose to the chain hang above borden . he slip the other end of the noose over borden 's neck . position it under borden 's jaw . int . cellar , abandoned theatre -- continuous angier be alone bather in the lgiht of the lantern . he turn to the nearest glass box and smoothes a hand along its face . angier ( whisper ) no one care about the man in the box . behind he , a noise . angier ( cont 'd ) ( calling ) cutter ? no response . int . death chamber , newgate prison -- day they wrden look at borden . warden Alfred borden , on this day , in the name of the King and the high court of England , you will meet you end . do you have anything to say for yourself . borden saus nothing . the warden gesture to the hangman who begin to pull the lever . borden ( whisper ) abacadabra . the trap drop from under borden and he fall into the room below . his rope snap to a halt - 122. int . cellar , abandoned theatre -- night angier peer down the row of glass box with the lantern . angier ( tense ) cutter ? angier freeze . he can hear a small thud , thud , thud get closer , approach from the darkness ... angier flinch as a rubber ball bounce into the light - angier drop he cane to catch the ball . he turn it around in he hand , confuse . Light explode around he as a gunshot ring out . angier stand for a moment , confuse , stare at the ball , then collapse to the ground , clutching at he stomach . fallon 's bowler hat break into the circle of light . he be hold a smoking pistol ... angier drop the ball and it roll across the floor , come to rest at fallon 's foot . but it be not fallon 's glove hand that pick up the ball - - it be a mutilated hand , with 2 1/2 finger missing . angier look up : alfred borden remove the bowler hat and take a bow . angier ( cont 'd ) ( weak ) you - you die . borden shake he head . realization sweep over angier like a nightmare . angier ( cont 'd ) a brother . a twin . int . basement -- continuous -- flashback fallon drop into the coffin . as fallon stare up at we , we see , for the first time , something familiar in he face -- fallon be really borden in disguise . angier you be fallon . the whole time ... fallon / borden 's face disappear as cutter seal he coffin . int . cellar , abandoned theatre borden smile . 123. borden we be both fallon . and we be both borden . angier consider this . mind spin . angier be you the one who go into the BOX - int . stage -- evening -- flashback as the ball bounce acroos the stage , borden step into the cabinet , shutting the door behind he . angier ( v.o. ) - or the one who come back out ? borden step out of the second cabinet and catch the ball . int . dressing room -- evening -- flashback a stagehand wheel the two stage cabinet into the dress room and leave . borden holt the door after he . borden ( v.o. ) we take turn . the trick be where we would swap ... borden open the first cabinet and pull up the false bottom . his twin brother , in indentical stage clothes , uncurl himself from the hide compartment and haul himself out . int . dressing room -- later -- flashback fallon and borden be seat at the makeup table . fallon begin remove piece of he costume and makeup and hand they to the other brother . as we watch , they swithc indentitie . int . cellar , abandoned theatre -- evening angier stare up at borden . appall . angier cutter know . but I tell he it be too simple . too easy . borden simple , maybe . but not easy . int . workshop -- evening -- flashback both borden be stand at the workbench . one brother be grip the other by he wrist and place a chisel on he finger . 124 . he check the placemen of the chisel against he own mutilate finger , adjust the chisel 's position , they pick up the hammer . borden ( v.o. ) nothing easy about two man share one life . the second brother swig from a gin bottle , then bite down a padded stick as the first brother bring down the hammer - int . cellar , abandoned theatre -- evening borden stare at he mutilate hand clasp the rubber ball . angier what about olivia ? and you wife ? borden we each love one of they . we each have half a full life . enough for we , but not for they . borden put the ball in he pocket . tear in he eye . borden ( cont 'd ) sacrifice , Robert - that 's the price of a good trick . borden look down at angier with contempt . borden ( cont 'd ) but you would not know anything about that , would you ? angier be die . he open he mouth to talk , but he voice be so wak that borden have to stoop to hear he . angier ( very quiet ) I have make sacrificies . borden it take nothing to steal someone else 's work . angier it take everything . int . abandoned theatre -- day -- flashback angier stand in front of tesla 's machine . load the pistol . he place the pistol by the machine ... angier take off he jacket and step towards the hissing machine . botl curl themselves around he . angier hurl himself into the light . 125 . this time we do not cut away . the machine sputter out . angier be still stand beneath it . angier ( confuse ) it do not work . voice ( v.o. ) yes it do . angier turn ... another angier be stand on the chalk hashmark , steam rise off he shoulder . the first angier lunge for the pistol and level it at the second angier . second angier ( horrified ) no , wait ! I be the - bang ! bang ! the firt angier fire two shot and , grim - face , drop the pistol . shocked . he stumble back , in a daze , clothes still steaming . int . cellar , abandoned theatre -- night angier look down , a slight smile on he face . he gesture to the lantern . angier ( weaker ) do you want to see what it cost I ? you do not see where you be , do you ? let I show you . angier slump to the floor as he try to reach for the lantern . he can not he hand to obey he . angier ( cont 'd ) it take courage to climb into that machine every night ... int . under the stage -- evening -- flashback a drow tank , identical to the one we have already see . a blind stagehand sit behind it , smoking . angier ( v.o. ) not know if I would be the Prestige .... suddenly , a trap door flash open as angier fall from the stage door and splashes into the tank . the lid snap shut . 126 . angier ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) or the man in the box ... angier pound on the glass , frantic . the blind stagehand continue smoking . oblivious . int . workshop -- day -- flashback two hand slam shut on the lid of a birdcage . the blind stagehand be wrestle a large crate onto a cart in the alleyway behind the theatre . int . cellar , abandoned theatre -- night angier stop try tomove and lean back , resign . borden ( scorn ) you go halfway around the world . you spend a fortune . you do terrible thing ... and all of it for nothing . angier look up at he with he last spark of competitiveness . angier nothing ? you never understand , id you ? why we do this ? ( cough ) the audience know the truth - that the world be simple . miserable . solid all the way through . but if you could fool they , even for a second , you could make they wonder . then you get to see something very special ... ( cough , look up ) you really do not know ? borden just stare at angier . who smile . angier ( cont 'd ) it be the look on they face . angier 's body topples over , knocking over the lantern . borden step back as the oil spread , flamming , for the lantern . cutter ( v.o. ) every magic trick consist of three part , or act ... borden watch angier for a moment , then turn to leave . 127 . int . workshop -- day the workshop from the open of the film . we now recognize it as borden' . cutter perform the bird cage trick for the Little girl we now know as jess . cutter ( v.o. ) the first part be call the pledge . cutter be show far the canary . int . abandoned theatre -- night the burn lamp oil spread light through the cellar ... cutter ( v.o. ) the second part be call the turn . I take the ordinary something ... angier lie in he pool blood . angier 's eye move around , look at the shape around he increase illuminate by the hellish light ... int . workshop -- day cutter whip the shawl away - cage and bird have disappear . cutter ( v.o. ) but you would not clap yet . jess stare , expectant . cutter hol up he handkerchief - cover hand ... cutter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) because make something disappear be not enough ... cutter whip the handkerchief from he hand , revealing a canary . just then , jess sees something and jump off the chest , run past he ... cutter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you have to bring it back . borden be in the doorway - jess leap into he arm . borden hold she tight . look at cutter , who be put on he coat . nod . cutter leave . borden reach into he pocket and hand jess he rubber ball . she smile , then bury she head in he neck . 128. int . abandoned theatre -- night borden stop at the ladder . he notice the shadow from the burn oil play on the wall ... cutter ( v.o. ) now you be look for the secret ... borden turn slowly to look back into the cellar , peering into the flicker light of the burn lamp oil . cutter ( cont 'd ) but you will not find it ... borden stare back into the cellar . what he see put a look on he face that be beyond word : large glass tank . dozen of they . row after row streching into the cavernous cellar . cutter ( cont 'd ) ... because you do not really want to know ... floating in bach and every tank , dressed in rotting stage clothes , be yet another ROBERT angier . int . abandoned theatre -- day cutter spread mortat on the last brick of the wall he have build in the open to the cellar . he place the brick in the wall , sealing it up . ext . forest -- day -- flashback a cat slink its way through a pile of top hart , knock one over as it disappear into the forest beyond . cutter ( v.o. ) ... you want to be fool . we be leave alone in the glade , stare at the top hat - fade out . credit . end .