for you consideration 2010 the king 's speech best original screenplay David seidler the weinstein company the king speech screenplay by David seidler see - saw film / bedlam production card : 1925 King George V reign over a quarter of the world 's population . he ask he second son , the Duke of York , to give the close speech at the Empire exhibition in wembley , London . int . BBC broadcasting house , studio - day close on a BBC microphone of the 1920' , a formidable piece of machinery suspend on spring . a BBC news reader , in a tuxedo with carnation boutonniere , be gargle while a technician hold a porcelain bowl and a towel at the ready . the man in the tuxedo expectorate discreetly into the bowl , wipe he mouth fastidiously , and signal to another technician who produce a atomizer . the reader open he mouth , squeeze the rubber bulb , and spray he inner throat . now , he 's ready . the reader speak in flawless pear-shape tone . there 's no higher creature in the vocal world . BBC news reader good afternoon . this be the BBC National programme and Empire service take you to wembley Stadium for the close ceremony of the second and final season of the Empire exhibition . int . corridor , wembley stadium - day close on a man 's hand clutching a woman 's hand . woman 's mouth whisper into man 's ear . BBC news reader ( v.o. ) 58 british colony and dominion have take part , make this the large exhibition stage anywhere in the world . complete with the new stadium , the exhibition be build in wembley , middlesex at a cost of over 12 million pound . the exhibition have attract over 27 million visitor from every corner of we great Empire and the rest of the world . int . control room , BBC broadcasting house - day technician in suit , tie and scientific look overcoat , wear bulky headphone , monitor daunt bank of valve and dial while the reader continue : BBC news reader ( v.o. ) today the vast Stadium be fill to capacity with in excess of 100,000 spectator ... as regiment from his majesty 's Army , navy and Air Force stand in review . int . GREEN room - day nervous eye flick towards a tunnel lead to a bright light . close on - bertie - the Duke of York , second son of the King ; he handsome , sensitive , feature look terrify . BBC news reader ( v.o. ) the open ceremony be the first occasion he majesty the King address he subject on the wireless . the close of the first season be the initial time his Royal highness the Prince of Wale have broadcast . and today his Royal highness the Duke of York will give he inaugural broadcast to the Nation and the World . widen to reveal he young wife , truly a English rise . elizabeth time to go . he stare straight ahead , freeze . she give he a loving peck on the cheek , quickly rub off a fleck of lipstick . BBC news reader ( v.o. ) lead we in prayer will be the right honourable and most reverend archbishop of York , primate of all England and Metropolitan . now we go live to wembley Stadium , where his Royal highness the Duke of York will read he message from the King . cosmo lang - come up to bertie . tries to be helpful but make he more nervous . cosmo lang I be sure you will be splendid . just take you time . the last bar of '' God save the King '' echo down the corridor . ROBERT wood , the Chief BBC engineer on location whisper : wood let the microphone do the work , sir . Wood check he watch . wood ( cont ’d ) thirty second , sir . bertie brace he shoulder manfully , but without a ounce of confidence , close he eye , nod , open they , and reluctantly go through the tunnel towards the light , like a prize - fighter enter the arena , to be greet by the roar of the crowd . ext . royal podium - day hand-held camera , bertie 's Pov : far ahead , at a seemingly impossible distance , be the huge intimidating microphone , the only thing between the terrify observer and 100,000 people . silence fall over the stadium . overhead , thick roiling cloud . bertie approach ... like a death march . bertie 's eye widen in terror as he reach the microphone . the red transmission light blink four time then glow solid red . bertie be live . int . control room , BBC broadcasting house - day technician stare at dial and listen to the hiss of silence . the reader and floor manager glance at each other nervously . ext . spectator stand , empire stadium - day in the tense silence pan through some of the crowd wait with grow discomfort . in particular we notice a father and son watch intently . ext . royal podium - day bertie be freeze at the microphone . his neck and jaw muscle contract and quiver . bertie I have receive from he majesty the k-k - k [ for ease of read , bertie 's stammer will not be indicate from this point in the script . ] the stammer careen back at he , amplify and distort by the stadium PA system . cu huge metal speaker . cu soldier at rigid attention . cu Wood , he shut he eye . cu cosmo lang , expressionless . cu Elizabeth , die . bertie gulp for air like a beach fish and attempt to continue : bertie ( cont ’d ) ... the King , the follow gracious message ... he can not get the word out . splat ... the first drop of rain begin to fall . ext . 145 picadilly - new day establish shot of a impose georgian edifice , opposite hyde Park corner . in the foreground people pay they respects at the wwi monument with fresh wreath . a Rover sedan - definitive doctor 's car of the era - arrive . a footman scurries down the step to meet it as the steward open the front door . int . drawing room , 145 piccadilly - continuous close on sir blandine - bentham - a elderly , unctuous , studiedly - distinguished physician who simultaneously manage to combine pontificate and obsequiousness . sir blandine -bentham inhale deep into you lung . relaxes you larynx , do it not ? bertie be seat nervously on the edge of a couch , grip a cigarette between thumb and forefinger , place in the middle of he mouth . Elizabeth watch from across the room . sir blandine - bentham ( cont 'd ) cigarette smoking calm the nerve and give you confidence . bertie clearly feel nothing of the sort . smiling ingratiatingly , the doctor produce a medical cannister from he bag . sir blandine - bentham ( cont 'd ) if you highness will be so kind as to open he hand ... bertie unclench a fist . sir blandine - bentham ( cont 'd ) thank you so very much . open the container , with forcep he remove five marble from a antiseptic solution and place they onto bertie 's palm . sir blandine - bentham ( cont 'd ) sterilize . now ... if I may take the liberty ?... insert they into you mouth . bertie obey , mortify . the doctor hand bertie a book from he bag . sir blandine - bentham ( cont 'd ) would you be so kind as to read . bertie blanch , he neck muscle twitch and constrict bertie I ... he can not even say '' can not '' . sir blandine -bentham just take you time . relax . bertie be unable to do it . Elizabeth watch with grow discomfort . elizabeth Excuse I , Doctor . what be the purpose of this ? sir blandine -bentham the classic approach that cure demosthene . elizabeth that be in ancient Greece . have it work since ? blandine - bentham pass bertie a book . sir blandine - bentham now if you would be so kind as to read . a wealth of word . bertie try . it be excruciate . sir blandine - bentham ( cont 'd ) fight against that marble you Royal highness . enunciate ! as bertie struggle . sir blandine - bentham ( cont 'd ) a little more concentration you Royal higness . bertie spit the marble out . bertie ( explode ) I nearly swallow the damned thing ! bertie storm out as Elizabeth try to placate the doctor . elizabeth thank you so much , Doctor , it 's be most interesting . Elizabeth go through to the adjoin room to find bertie . int . bertie 's study , 145 piccadilly - continuous bertie be struggle to light a cigarette . elizabeth temper , bertie darling , temper . tick , tock , tick , tock . bertie insert marble ! he can insert he own bloody marble ....! [ note : when he speak with he wife there 's hardly any hesitation ] Elizabeth smile as she light the cigarette for he . elizabeth you can not keep do this , bertie . bertie I know . promise I : no more . CUT to : ext . harley STREET - new day a thick grey wet blanket ... out of which materialize the moisture splatter hood of a large austin . Elizabeth , inside , determinedly glance out . the vehicle nose through a pea-soup fog . the York 's house detective be walk a few foot in front of the car , find the way . after a moment , the House detective signal the driver to stop . Elizabeth peer out the window . Pov - in the gloom the least attractive and most ill- maintain of the georgian terrace house . Elizabeth look disappointed and dubious . she get out of the car . instructing the House detective to wait outside , she enter the building . int . ground floor entrance , harley STREET - continuous Elizabeth enter , somewhat dampen , the white silk rose decorate she hat now limp . there be a cramped elevator which be whirring noisily and a wind staircase . Elizabeth be even more dubious . int . elevator - continuous Elizabeth inside the cramped elevator . she survey the button . the bottom one read '' basement : L. logue , speech defect '' . she close the inner gate of the elevator and press the bottom button . nothing . confused , she open the inner gate , close the outer gate then the inner gate and press the button again . the elevator jump downward . int . waiting room , logue 's chamber - continuous umbrella stand , coat rack , wooden wait bench : that 's all . she look about . the area be devoid of life . cough . no response . call imperiously : elizabeth hello . be anyone there ? from behind a door : muffled voice ( 0.s. ) I be just in the loo . princess Elizabeth be not use to this sort of thing . she 's further appal by the loud gurgle of a toilet be flushed , and startle by the entrance of - lionel logue - a tall , middle - age man with strong feature . his demeanor be friendly , yet professional . lionel '' poor and content be rich and rich enough '' elizabeth I beg you pardon ? lionel Shakespeare . I be sorry , there 's no receptionist . I like to keep thing simple . how be you Mrs Johnson ? I be afraid you be late . offer he hand . she take it , a little gingerly . elizabeth I be afraid I be . lionel where 's Mr Johnson ? elizabeth he do not know I be here . lionel that 's not a promise start . elizabeth my husband have see everyone to no avail . he 's give up hope . lionel he have not see I . elizabeth you be awfully sure of yourself . lionel I be sure of anyone who want to be cure . elizabeth naturally he wish to be cure . my husband be require to speak publicly . lionel perhaps he should change job . elizabeth he can not . lionel indenture servitude ? elizabeth something of that nature . lionel well have you hubby pop by ... Tuesday would be good ... to give he personal history and I x11 make a frank appraisal . elizabeth I do not have a '' hubby '' . we do not ' pop 's . we never talk about we private life . you must come to we . lionel sorry , Mrs J , my game , my turf , my rule . elizabeth and what if my husband be the Duke of York ? lionel the Duke of York ? elizabeth yes the Duke of York . lionel I think the appointment be for '' Johnson '' ? forgive I , you Royal ...? elizabeth highness . lionel you Royal highness . elizabeth Johnson be use during the great War when the navy do not want the enemy to know ' he 's be aboard . ( more ) pause . ext . 10 elizabeth ( cont 'd ) we be operate under the strictest of confidence . lionel of course . I be consider the enemy ? elizabeth you will be if you remain un - obliging . lionel how do you find I ? elizabeth the President of the speech therapists Society . lionel eileen mccleod ? she 's a sport . elizabeth Dr mccleod warn I you antipodean method be '' unorthodox and controversial '' . I warn she ... they be not my favorite word . lionel I succeed . elizabeth so she say . lionel I can cure you husband . but for my method to work there must be trust and total equality in the safety of my consultation room . no exception . elizabeth well then , in that case ... elizabeth ( cont 'd ) when can you start ? south kensington STREET - late afternoon a well - use Morris Oxford pull up , drive by lionel 's eldest son - laurie . lionel be the passenger . as he get out : lionel still sound a bit rough . 11 laurie you make I drive too slowly , dad ! lionel do you pick mum up from Bridge ? laurie yes , I have hardly be out of the car all day . they enter a modest dwelling . int . dine area of live - room , logue flat - evening lionel and myrtle be finish up at the table with they three son . as well as Laurie and antony , there 's they studious middle son valentine , 17 , he nose bury in a stack of science book . lionel be burst to tell myrtle something . lionel I have a special visitor today . antony May I be excuse ? myrtle ( to lionel ) oh yes ? lionel you must stay , bored stupid , listen to you parent 's inane conversation . antony ( grin ) thanks , dad ! lionel and mum . antony and mum ! myrtle how special be special ? laurie I too ? lionel a girl ? laurie what else ? 12 he and Antony start to leave . myrtle take you plate . lionel special to the point of someone I can not really talk about . the boy grab they plate and exit . lionel look at Valentine , nose still bury in he text . lionel ( cont ’d ) Doctor ? Doctor ? you can go as well . valentine ( still study ) I be fine . lionel clear Valentine 's plate . Valentine go back to he book and scientific oblivion . myrtle not too high and mighty I hope ? lionel aah . Antony burst back in , model airplane in hand , do barrel roll with sound effect , bombing Valentine with a tea towel . myrtle not someone who have ... call attention ? why bring it up if you can not talk about it ? silence . lionel myrtle , just a woman look to help she husband . they realize from engine noise that Antony be under the table . lionel ( cont 'd ) ( try to make light of it , not quite succeed ) and I have a ' call 's . myrtle oh yes . Valentine look up from he book . valentine what 's the illiotibial tract , dad ? 13 lionel if you do not know , look it up . valentine right . start turn page . lionel could be fun . myrtle it always be . lionel they be a highly regard group . from putney . myrtle I be sure you will be splendid . ext . york house , 145 picadilly - night light be on in the upper window . a double - decker bus pass on the wet street . elizabeth ( v.o. ) tomorrow , chapter iv . int . corridor , 145 piccadilly - continuous pan over the back of 36 impeccably groom horse . it take a moment to realize they be toy horse , line up with precision . elizabeth ( v.o . ) ' the Flight 's . bertie ( v.o . ) oh , to fly away ! int . child 's nursery , york house - continuous Elizabeth , fashionably attire for a evening - out , be curl on a bearskin rug read to a little girl - lilibet , 10 - who clap she hand primly , and she young sister - margaret rose , 5 . as Elizabeth close the book ( " Peter Pan '' ) , bertie , handsome in a tuxedo , comment : bertie be not they lucky ! within he family bertie 's stammer be virtually absent . 14 margaret rose now papa tell a_ story ! bertie could I be a penguin instead ? he drop to he knee and waddle . in he tux he look like a penguin . Margaret Rose giggle , but be undeterred . margaret rose tell I a penguin story , please . call upon to perform , the stammer return slightly , but the girl listen raptly , ignore they father 's minor impediment , and it fade . bertie there be once two princess whose papa have be turn into a penguin by the local witch . this be inconvenient because he love to hold he princess in he arm and you can not do that if you be a penguin , you have wing like herring . margaret rose herring do not have wing . bertie his wing be the shape of herring . to make matter worse she send he to the South pole which be a awfully long walk if you can not fly . lilibet you can not walk from the South pole ! elizabeth shh ! bertie exactly . when he reach the water and dive in he find he could fly . fly through the depth . so fast , in fact , that he be in southampton Waters by lunchtime . from there he catch the 2.30 to weybridge , change at clapham Junction and ask a pass mallard the way to Buckingham Palace . he swim up the Thames and come out of a plughole , give mama , the cook and Mrs whittaker quite a shock . ( more ) 15 bertie ( cont 'd ) the princess hear the commotion and hurried to the kitchen where they give the penguin a good scrub , a mackerel and a kiss . and as they kiss he guess what he turn into ? lilibet and margaret rose a handsome prince ! bertie a short -taile Albatross . with wing big enough to wrap around both he precious girl together . ( he hug they both together ) elizabeth now time for bed . bertie take the saddle of you horsy , brush they , feed they and to bed . int . staircase - continuous as they leave for the night : elizabeth will she be there ? bertie my brother 's insist . elizabeth be he serious ? bertie about we come to dinner ? elizabeth no . about she ! bertie a marry american ? he can not be . elizabeth she can . by the way I think I find someone rather interesting . on harley Street . a doctor . bertie out of the question . I be not have this conversation again . the matter 's settle . 16 elizabeth his approach seem rather different .... int . a stage - day in a church or school hall , out of hour . muffled voice ( 0.s. ) now ? from the auditorium : director ( 0.c. ) now ! lionel come onstage . lionel '' now ... '' ( begin again ) '' now be the winter of we discontent make glorious summer by this sun of York . '' his elocution be flawless . the act be unconvincing . lionel ( cont ’d ) '' and all the cloud that lour have upon we house in the deep bosom of the ocean bury . now be we brow bound with victorious wreath ; we bruise arm hang up for monument ... '' director thank you . lionel peer into the darkness , he eye hope . director ( cont 'd ) Lovely diction , mr... lionel logue . lionel logue . director well , lionel , I do not hear the cry of a deform creature yearn to be King . nor do I realize Richard the third be King of the colony . 17 lionel I know the line . I have play the role before . director Sydney ? lionel perth . director Major theater town , be it ? lionel enthusiastic . director ah . lionel I be well review . director yes ... well ... lionel , I think we dramatic society be look for someone slightly young and a little more regal . int . ground floor entrance , 146 harley STREET the york enter the tiny elevator . bertie shut the inner gate . elizabeth ( indicate outer gate ) no , darling , shut that one first . bertie get the gate close and Elizabeth press the button . bertie how do you find this ... physician ? elizabeth ( poker -face ) classified , next to '' french model , shepherd 's market '' . bertie try to smile despite he mood , but do not make a job of it . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) he come highly recommend . charge substantial fee in order to help the poor . ( realize ) oh dear , perhaps he 's a bolshevik ?! 18 int . logue 's waiting room - day bertie and Elizabeth enter . she explain in a whisper : elizabeth no receptionist . he like to keep thing simple . Elizabeth glance nervously at the lavatory door . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( loudly ) the johnson . from the inner office . lionel ( 0.s. ) finish up . Elizabeth be relieved the voice be not come from the lav . the consultation room door open and a young boy - willy - come out . willy you can go in now , '' Mr. Johnson '' . ( then to Elizabeth ) Dr logue say ... lionel ( 0.s. ) lionel ! willy lionel say ... wait here if you wish , Mrs Johnson . or , it be a p- pleasant day , p-perhap take a stroll . ( to the consultation room ) be that alright ... lionel ? lionel appear at the door . lionel bloody marvellous . you can stay here and wait for you mum . Mr. Johnson , do come in . lionel nod at '' Mrs Johnson '' . the york look at each other . Elizabeth take a seat . int . logue' consultation room - day a different universe from the spartan wait area . a world of book - pile of they spilling everywhere . two slightly shabby , but comfortable armchair . well - wear turkish rug . 19 hotplate and two chip mug . record apparatus . model airplane . lionel he 's a good lad , willy . he could hardly make a sound , you know , when he first come to I . lionel catch bertie stare at the airplane . lionel ( cont ’d ) my boy make that . good , be not they . please , make yourself comfortable . bertie sit uneasily on a armchair . lionel go to sit ata distance . lionel ( cont ’d ) I be tell not not to sit too close . bertie remain silent . lionel ( cont 'd ) I be also tell , speak with a Royal , one wait for the Royal to choose the topic . bertie wait for I to commence a conversation one can wait a rather long wait . [ although bertie 's stammer in the consultation room will fade , it be a gradual process . ] silence . lionel know any joke ? bertie timing be not my strong suit . silence . they stare at each other . lionel cuppa tea ? bertie no thank you . lionel I think I 'il have one . turn on the hot plate . 20 bertie be not you go to start treat I Dr logue ? lionel only if you be interested in be treat . please , call I lionel . bertie I prefer Doctor . lionel I prefer lionel . what 'il I call you ? bertie you Royal highness , then Sir after that . lionel a bit formal for here . what about you name ? bertie Prince Albert Frederick Arthur George ? lionel how about bertie ? bertie ( flush ) only my family use that . lionel perfect . in here , it 's better if we be equal . bertie if we be equal I would not be here . I have be at home with my wife and no - one would give a damn . bertie start to light a cigarette from a silver case . lionel do not do that . bertie give he a astonished look . bertie I be sorry ? lionel suck smoke into you lung will kill you . 21 bertie my physician say it relax the throat . lionel they be idiot . bertie they have all be knight . lionel make it official then . my ' castle 's , my rule . what be you earliest memory ? bertie what a earth do you mean ? lionel first recollection . bertie ( stammer grow in intensity ) I be not here to discuss personal matter . lionel why be you here then ? bertie ( explode - stammer free ) because I bloody well stammer ! lionel temper . bertie one of my many fault . lionel when do the defect start ? bertie I have always be this way ! lionel ( quietly ) I doubt that . bertie do not tell I ! it 's my defect ! lionel ( calmly ) it 's my field . I assure you , no infant start to speak with a stammer . when do it start ? bertie be silence . tea . 22 bertie ( annoyed ) four or five . lionel that 's typical . bertie so I have be tell . ( quickly add ) I can not remember not do it . lionel that I believe . do you hesitate when you think ? bertie do not be ridiculous . lionel one of my many fault . how about when you talk to yourself ? silent . lionel ( cont 'd ) everyone natter occasionally , bertie . bertie stop call I that ! lionel I be not go to call you anything else . bertie then we sha not speak ! the kettle whistle . lionel make himself a cup of bertie ( cont ’d ) be you charge for this , Doctor ? lionel a fortune . so , bertie ... when you talk to yourself , do you stammer ? bertie of course not ! lionel thus prove you impediment be not a permanent part of you . what do you think be the cause ? 23 bertie I do not know ! I do not care ! I stammer . and no one can fix it . lionel Bet you , bertie , you can read flawlessly , right here , right now . bertie snort dismissively . lionel ( cont ’d ) and if I win , I get to ask question . bertie and if I win ? lionel you do not have to answer . bertie one usually wager money . lionel a bob each to sweeten it ? see you shilling . bertie I do not carry cash . lionel I have a funny feel you might not . logue fish two coin from he pocket and put they on the table . lionel ( cont ’d ) stake you . pay I back next time . bertie if there be a next time . lionel ( nod ) I have not agree to take you on . logue have uncover a piece of apparatus , a recording device with earphone . he set a blank disc onto the turntable and position a microphone , then hand bertie a open book . bertie glare at it defiantly . bertie I can not possibly read this . lionel then you owe I a shilling for not try . 24 furious , bertie open the book and read , stammer badly and get worse . bertie '' to be or not to be , that be the question . whether it be wiser ... '' there ! he hand the book back to lionel . bertie ( cont ’d ) I can not read ! lionel I have not finish yet . lionel return the book to bertie and turn to some recording apparatus on a nearby table . lionel ( cont ’d ) I be go to record you voice and then play it back to you on the same machine . this be brilliant . it 's the latest thing from America : a silvertone . he hand bertie a pair of heavily padded earphone . bertie do not want to take they . lionel ( cont ’d ) there 's a bob in this , mate . you can go home rich ! bertie reluctantly put they on . logue turn a dial . loud music be hear . bertie take off the earphone . the music stop . bertie you be play music . lionel I know . bertie how can I hear what I be say ?! lionel surely a Prince 's brain know what its mouth be do ? bertie you be not well acquainted with Royal prince , be you ? bertie replace the earphone . again , the loud music . his mouth move as he read , but all that can be hear be the music . 25 finish , bertie take off the earphone and the music cease . bertie reach for the coin , but logue snatch they . bertie ( cont ’d ) hopeless . hopeless ! lionel you be sublime . would I lie toa prince of the realm to win twelve - pence ? bertie I have no idea what a Australian might do for that sort of money . lionel shall I play it ? bertie no . lionel if you prefer , we will just get on to the question . bertie thank you Doctor , I do not feel this be for I . he head for the door . logue put the record in a brown paper dust jacket and hand it to bertie . lionel Sir ? the recording be free . please keep it as a souvenir ? lionel open the door for bertie and close it behind he int . logue 's waiting room - day Elizabeth look up at bertie hopefully . bertie no Elizabeth nod and rise . they walk towards the door together . elizabeth ah well . ext . sandringham estate - day establish shot in the snow . 26 a cold and commanding voice be hear : king GEORGE V ( 0.s. ) for the present , the work to which we be all equally bound , be to arrive at a reason tranquillity ... int . the king 's study , sandringham estate - continuous the King 's study , which resemble a orderly naval captain 's cabin , except for a desk litter with stamp album , have be convert into a ad hoc broadcasting studio . king GEORGE V be a barrel - chest man with Naval beard and uniform . he be give he Christmas address via the radio . king GEORGE V ( cont ’d ) .-- within we border , to regain prosperity in this time of depression without self - seek and to carry with we that whom the burden of past year have dishearten or overborne . to all , to each , I wish a happy Christmas . God bless you . the red light next to he go out , indicate the broadcast be complete . Robert Wood , the BBC technician from wembley , stand by as well as a official photographer . King George V look at bertie , who be stand next to he . king GEORGE V ( cont ’d ) easy when you know how . photographer Sir ? bertie move away and the photographer capture the King , seat at he desk . king GEORGE V ( to bertie ) have a go yourself . wood congratulation , sir. king GEORGE V ah , Mr Wood . splendid fellow . chap teach I everything I know : let the microphone do the work . wood sir. 27 king GEORGE V thank you . Wood and the photographer take that as they cue to leave . king GEORGE V ( cont ’d ) sit up , straight back , face boldly up to the bloody thing and stare it square in the eye , as you would any decent englishman . show who 's in command . bertie regards the BBC microphone as though it be a alien creature . bertie d- d- do not thu - thu-think I c-c-can . in the presence of he father , bertie 's stammer return in full form , he breathe short and shallow , the neck muscle in spasm . king GEORGE V this devilish device will change everything if you will not . in the past all a King have to do be look respectable in uniform and not fall off he horse . now we must invade people 's home and ingratiate ourselves with they . this family be reduce to that lowest , basest of all creature ... we have become ... actor ! bertie papa , we be not a family , we be a firm . his father shoot bertie a surprised look : do the lad have a brain after all ? king GEORGE V the most successful institution in history . we cousin wear crown throughout Europe . a dozen of they ! sitting on throne be we business ! yet any moment some of we may be out of work . you darling brother ... the only wife he appear interested in be invariably the wife of another ! bertie ( try to brighten thing ) he 's break off with Lady furness . 28 king GEORGE V and take up a Mrs Simpson , a woman with two husband live ! have the audacity to present she to I at georgie 's wedding . I tell he straight no divorced person could ever be receive at court . he say she make he sublimely happy . I imagine that be because she be sleep with he . '' I give you my word we have never have immoral relation , '' he reply . stare square into he father 's eye ... and lie . bertie groan . king GEORGE V ( cont ’d ) when I be dead that boy will ruin himself , this family , and this nation , within twelve month . who 'il pick up the piece ? herr Hitler , intimidating half of Europe , Marshall stalin the other half ? who will stand between we , the jackboot , and the proletarian abyss ? you ? with you older brother shirking he duty , you be go to have to do a lot more of this . ( nodd towards the microphone ) have a go yourself . bertie try to read the King 's speech . bertie through one of the m- king GEORGE V get it out boy ! bertie ...m - marvel of m- king GEORGE V modern - just take you time - form you word carefully bertie Science , I be enable , this C - king GEORGE V relax ! ( off bertie 's continue inability ) just try it ! 29 bertie ... this Christmas Day , to speak to all my p- king GEORGE V ( all patience lose ) do it ! int . bertie 's study , york house - new night bertie lie on a chaise longue , smoking . bertie ( to himself ) lying bastard . bertie get up and retrieve the recording he make with lionel . he walk to a Victoria stand , lift the arm , place the steel needle . it slip and slide across the record surface , as steel needle do . but what he hear be poetic and flow : bertie 's recorded voice '' to be , or not to be , - that be the question : - Elizabeth enter , unseen by bertie and listen . bertie 's recorded voice ( cont 'd ) '' , .. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer the sling and arrow of outrageous fortune , or to take arm against a sea of trouble , and by oppose end they ... '' hold on Elizabeth , stunne : unable to hear himself , she husband speak perfectly for the very first time . int . logue' consultation room - new day bertie and Elizabeth have return to the consultation room . bertie strictly business . no personal nonsense . elizabeth I think I have make that very clear in we interview . logue be silent , then : lionel get the shilling you owe I ? 30 bertie no I do not ! lionel do not think so . bertie besides , you trick I ! lionel no , I show you what you can do . ( try to get they to understand ) what you be ask will only deal with the surface of the problem . elizabeth that 's sufficient . my husband have difficulty with he speech . just deal with that . bertie I be willing to work hard , Doctor logue ... lionel lionel . bertie be you willing to do you part ? logue consider , then tell bertie : lionel alright . you want mechanic ? we need to relax you throat muscle and strengthen you tongue . by repeat tongue twister for example . '' I be a thistle -sifter . I have a sieve of sifted thistles and a sieve of unsift thistles . because I be a thistle sifter . '' bertie Fine . lionel you have a flabby tummy , we must build up the strength in you diaphragm . simple mechanic . elizabeth that be all we ask . lionel and that 's about a shilling 's worth . 31 bertie forget about the bless shilling ! ( calm again ) perhaps , upon occasion , I shall request some assistance in cope with a minor event . will that be agreeable ? lionel of course . elizabeth that will be the full extent of you service . bertie shall I see you next week ? lionel I shall see you every day . on bertie , reacting . montage many different session , many different day , all in the consultation room . cu of bertie 's mouth . humming . lionel ( cont 'd ) hum for as long as you like . hmmmmmmmmmm . ~ and when you be ready , '' mother '' . bertie hmmmmmmmmmmmmmother . lionel beaut . CUT to : lionel ( cont 'd ) a simple outward breath . '' fffff '' wait for the '' a '' . '' FFFFFather '' . just slide into it . bertie ffffffffffffather . CUT to : lionel feel the loosen of the jaw 32 bertie and lionel both have they individual hand clasped and be shaking they , vibrate they chest and loosen they jaw . as they jaw wobble , they omit a vibrate sound . bertie ahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahah . lionel ( at the same time ) ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha , CUT to : bertie lie on the floor lionel ( cont ’d ) deep breath . expand you chest ... lift you diaphragm ... allow the column of air into you stomach ... how do you feel ? bertie full of hot air . lionel be not that what public speak be all about ? bertie inhale deeply . CUT to : some fast cut . lionel hand he a cup of tea . bertie do slow breathe exercise . bertie shouting something in frustration . bertie I will never get that . lionel yes you can , come on , come on . CUT to : bertie 's on the floor again . lionel ( cont ’d ) deep breath . hold . he turn to Elizabeth . lionel ( cont ’d ) now ma’am , while you be here , you could again be of great assistance . if you have kindly sit on you husband 's stomach . 33 elizabeth oh yes ? lionel gently of course . Elizabeth sit gingerly on bertie 's stomach , ask solicitously : elizabeth be you alright , bertie ? bertie nod . lionel now exhale slowly ... can you feel that resistance , bertie ? down go you Royal highness ... inhale slowly ... and ... up come you Royal highness . exhale and down . yes . inhale and up . you get the idea . elizabeth this be actually quite good fun , bertie . lionel do it at home . do not have to be you , of course , but I think he have prefer you to one of the staff . lionel encourage bertie to move as he read a joke out . lionel ( cont ’d ) move , rock back and forth on the ball of you foot , keep the movement continuous and flow . CUT to : bertie stand frame by the open window . lionel ( cont ’d ) I want you to release the five vowel sound , each to last no less than 15 second . bertie aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ... lionel ( tapping he on the diaphragm ) let 's connect the tone diaphragm with you relaxed throat . ma ‘’am , would you be so kind as to be the timekeeper ? 34 lionel hand she a stop watch . bertie +... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ..... High up in the wall at the back of the building , a harley Street physician peer out the window . lionel anyone who can vibrate loudly in full view of the world can learn to give a speech . elizabeth that 's right , bertie. ( check watch ) now eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeececececeeeeeeeee ... lionel join in . lionel eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeceeecee ..... bertie eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeceeecee ..... the sound of '' eeee '' become the roar of machinery int . midland factory - new day huge industrial wheel whir noisily in neutral as worker line up dutifully to hear the visit Royal . bertie 's lip move , but due to the racket he cannot be hear . Elizabeth watch in relief . a foreman , try to be helpful , signal . the machinery halt , the factory fall silent . at first , the momentum of speak without be hear carry bertie forward . bertie I assure you that my wife and I ... hear he own voice reverberate through the cavernous factory bertie 's stammer return . bertie ( cont ’d ) ...ar - be - be glad to vis-vis - visit ... bertie pause . take a breath . relaxes . bertie ( cont ’d ) ..- be glad to visit this important manufacturing district and see for ourselves one or two of the industry which have make it famous ... 35 he get back into he stride , despite the silence . bertie relax a little . from Elizabeth , a huge smile of relief . the sound of a approach aircraft engine . ext . private landing strip , sandringham estate - new day bertie wait beside a shoot break , a stiff breeze whipping he coat , as a small plane land and taxi . while he wait bertie practise breathe exercise . the cockpit canopy slide back and - david - leap out , remove he leather helmet and goggle , gold hair gleam , a sun god descend from the sky . david hello , bertie . be wait long ? bertie where have you be ? bertie stammer badly in the presence of he brother . david be busy . bertie so be i. Elizabeth have pneumonia . david I be sorry . she will recover . bertie shoot he a look . bertie Father will not . david I will drive . int . / ext . car ( shoot break ) on sandringham lane - continuous David drive . badly . david Old bugger 's do this on purpose . bertie dying ? the vehicle almost careen off the lane . bertie grab the wheel and straighten it . 36 david depart prematurely to complicate matter . bertie oh for heaven 's sake , David . you know how long he 's be ill . david wallis explain . she 's terribly clever . int . king 's bedroom , sandringham — day the King be propped up in he armchair , wrap in he favorite fade tibetan dress gown . he 's attend by six member of he privy Council - archbishop lang , lord dawson he personal physician , lord wigram he private secretary , together with ramsay macdonald , lord hailsham and sir JOHN simon . also present be sir maurice hankey , the clerk to the Council . the King 's son and daughter be in attendance . sister black he nurse , stand beside the King . Lord wigram be read out the order for the Council for the State . the King constantly interject . he be confuse and frail . lord wigram ... whereas by letter patent under the great seal , bear date of westminster , the eleventh June 1912 he majesty King George V do constitute , order and declare that there should be a guardian , custos regni , in the form of councillor of State . off King George V 's confusion - lord wigram ( cont 'd ) it 's the order of the Council for the State , Sir . so we may act on you behalf . wigram present a tray with papers and pen . king GEORGE V I be still confuse ... lord wigram approve . king GEORGE V thank you . 37 Lord Dawson hold the pen as the King make he ' mark 's . nurse feeling a little better Sir ? king GEORGE V no . I be not feel any better . I feel dreadful . Queen Mary enter . king GEORGE V ( cont ’d ) have you be skate ? queen mary no , George . int . library , sandringham - continuous David be on the phone . bertie enter . david I be on with wallis ! ( continue as though bertie do not exist ) I know , darling , a talk , even a lovely long talk , be a poor substitute for hold tight and make drowsy . nor make we own drowsie either , as we have have to do far too often lately . ( kiss the phone and hang up ) wallis miss I terribly . bertie mother say you be late for dinner . David glare at a clock . david she forget papa 's bloody clock be always half a hour fast ! he set it back . int . dine hall , sandringham —- continuous David enter and sit between Lord Dawson and archbishop lang . david ( to Dawson ) how be my father ? I hope he be not in pain . 38 lord dawson no , no , he 's quieter now . the butler enter and whisper to Lord Dawson and Lord wigram . they both exit . queen mary if you father be well , tardiness would not be tolerate . none of this .. unpleasantness would be tolerate pause . cosmo lang ( to David ) you know Sir , I appreciate that you be different from you father in you outlook and temperament . I want you to know that whenever the King question you conduct , I try in you interest to present it in a most favourable light . david ( ironic ) I can always trust you to have my best interest at heart . awkward silence . queen mary all my child , at the same table . GEORGE yes , mama . Lord wigram enter and whisper to Queen Mary . queen mary it seem we vigil will not be of long duration . int . king 's bedroom , sandringham - night Lord Dawson close the King 's eye . cosmo lang we commend we brother George to the mercy of God , we Maker and redeemer . Queen Mary take she eldest son 's hand and kiss it . then bertie the same . queen mary Long live the King . 39 david ( very emotional ) I hope I will make good as he have make good . David fall into he mother 's arm , sobbing . he run from the room . int . corridor outside king 's bedroom - night David stand , smoking . bertie come from the bedroom to comfort he . David look broken-hearted . bertie what on earth be that ? david poor wallis . now I be trap ! int . logue' consultation room - new day lionel be at he desk listen to the radio . a news reader be talk about the death of King George V . two of he son sprawl on the floor . Valentine be study for the School certificate . Antony , the youngest , be take a break from homework , building a model airplane . he switch off the wireless . antony dad ? lionel what ? antony time for a shake , dad ? lionel ( flatter ) you sure ? allright put you think cap on . valentine ( look up from he book ) go on , dad . this be , and still be , a much love ritual . lionel disappear behind a door .. antony Bet its the Scottish play . 40 valentine no , I bet it 's othello . it 's always othello . lionel ( ooming out ) '' Art thou afeard ? '' valentine ( without even look up ) caliban ! lionel oh ! for heaven 's sake .. that be a lucky guess ! antony do not listen to egghead . go on , dad . lionel have a pillow stuff into he jacket to create a monstrous hunchback . his act , perform just for he lad , be quite magical . lionel '' be not afeard ; the isle be full of noise , sound and sweet air , that give delight , and hurt not . sometimes a thousand twanging instrument will hum about mine ear ; and sometimes voice , that , if then I have wake after long sleep , will make I sleep again : '' ( to Valentine ) alright , clever clog , what come next ? valentine '' , .and then , in dream , the cloud methought would open , and show rich ready to drop upon I ; that ... '' lionel ( overlap ) ..- when I wake , I cry to dream again . '' it 's such a sad think . a knock at the door . lionel be not expect anyone . lionel ( cont ’d ) next patient must be early . you better go lad , I be sorry . ( to the door ) wo not be a moment , clifford . 4l int . waiting room to logue 's chamber - continuous the door open . bertie be on the other side . the two man stare at each other , not sure what to say . lionel bertie , they tell I not to expect you . ( beat ) sorry about you father . bertie I do not wish to intrude .. ( gesture towards the consultation room ) May I ? lionel of course . please come in . bertie I have be practise . one hour a day . in spite of everything . ( notice lionel 's hump ) what 's go on there ? lionel I be , sorry , muck around with my kid . lionel hastily remove the pillow , toss it away . realize bertie have enter the consultation room . int . logue' consultation room - continuous lionel do you feel like work today ? bertie notice the plane leave behind by logue 's son . bertie a curtis bi-plane . logue I ' 1l1 put on some hot milk . bertie logue , I have kill for something stronger . lionel I be not there for my father 's death . still make I sad . bertie I can imagine so . 42 lionel pass bertie a brandy . pause . they sit . silence . bertie ( cont ’d ) what do you father do ? lionel a brewer . bertie oh . lionel at least there be free beer . lionel ( cont ’d ) here 's to the memory of you father . bertie I be inform , after the fact , my father 's last word be : '' bertie have more gut than the rest of he brother put together . '' he could not say that to my face . bertie ( cont ’d ) ( blurt ) my brother . that 's why I be here . lionel what 's he do ? bertie can not say . I can not puh-puh-puh ... his jaw and throat muscle constrict . lionel try sing it . bertie pardon ? lionel know any song ? bertie song ? lionel yes song . 43 bertie '' swanee River '' . lionel I love that song . bertie happens to be my favorite . lionel sing it then . give I the chorus . bertie no. certainly not . ( fascinate by the plane ) always want to build model . Father would not allow it . he collect stamp . I have to collect stamp . lionel you can finish that off . bertie eagerly reach for some balsa . lionel ( cont ’d ) if you sing . ( to '' swanee River '' ) '' when I be a boy with David ... upon the swanee River . '' bertie I can not sit here sing ! lionel you can with I . bertie because you be peculiar . lionel I take that as a compliment . bertie I be not croon '' swanee River ! '' lionel try '' camptown race '' then . ( sing ) '' my brother D , he say to I , doo - dah doo-dah ... '' continuous sound will give you flow . do it feel strange , now that David 's on the throne ? bertie it be a relief ... know I would not be King . 44 reaches into he jacket for he cigarette case . then remember , put it away . lionel but unless he produce a heir , you be next in line . and you daughter , Elizabeth , would then succeed you . bertie '' you be bark up the wrong tree now , Doctor , Doctor . '' lionel '' lionel , lionel . " you do not stammer . bertie of course I do not stammer , I be sing ! ( realise ) oh ... lionel well , as a little reward , you get to put some glue on this strut . bertie David and I be very close . Young buck ... you know . lionel chase the same girl ? bertie David be always very helpful in arrange introduction . we share the expert ministration of '' paulette '' in Paris . not at the same time of course . a uncomfortable silence . too much have be say . lionel do David tease you ? bertie they all do . '' buh -buh -buh - bertie '' . Father encourage it . '' get it out , boy ! '' Said it would make I stop . Said ... '' I be afraid of my father , and my child be damn well go to be afraid of I '' . lionel have be watch bertie work on the model . lionel naturally right hand ? 45 bertie Left . I be punish . now I use the right . lionel yes , that 's very common with stammerer . anything other correction ? bertie knock knee . lionel wait . bertie ( cont ’d ) Metal splint be make ... wear night and day . lionel that must have be painful . bertie bloody agony . straight leg now . lionel who be you close to in you family ? bertie nanny . not my first nanny , though .. she love David ... hate I . when I be present to my parent for the daily view , she would ... the stammer produce by the memory halt he . lionel sing it . bertie ( tunelessly ) '' she pinch I so I would cry , and be send away at once , then she would not feed I , far far away . '' ( speak ) take three year for my parent to notice . as you can imagine , it cause some stomach problem . still . lionel what about you brother johnnie ? be you close to he ? bertie sweet boy . epilepsy ... and ... he be ' different 's . ( more ) 46 bertie ( cont 'd ) die at 13 , hide from view . too embarrassing for the family . ( nervous ) I have be tell it 's not catch . lionel do you want a top -up ? bertie please . lionel get up to pour another drink . bertie ( cont ’d ) you know , lionel , you be the first ordinary englishman ... lionel Australian . bertie ... I have ever really speak to . sometimes , when I ride through the street and see , you know , the common man stare at I , I be strike by how little I know of he life , and how little he know of mine . lionel what be friend for . bertie I would not know . archive footage of king GEORGE v’s state funeral the common man , and woman , en masse . thousands of they , solemn in they bereavement . funereal bagpipe wail , join the measure drum-rolls . rank upon rank of military personnel slow - step the ceremonial death march . muffled cannon bark they salute . startle , a large flock of blackbird rise up and streak across the wintery sky . a Naval squad pull a gun carriage that carry the King 's coffin drape with the Royal standard , on which rest the Royal crown top by a jewele maltese Cross . on whitehall , the gun carriage pass the cenotaph . 47 pathe newsreel announcer all salute as they pass the cenotaph . one million die for he ... as King George die for they . we see naval cadet salute to they right . end archive footage . ext . whitehall - day David , very solemn , bertie - pale and fragile , they brother Henry and George all salute as they pass the cenotaph . the crowd be silent . lionel , myrtle , and all three boy be part of the crowd , half a dozen row back . Antony and Valentine have mirror on stick to see over the head . lionel ( whisper a run commentary to the boy ) that 's the Prince of Wale . he 's now King because he 's the oldest . lionel spot ... bertie , in the procession pass by . lionel stare at he . tries to make eye contact . in the midst of this pomp and ceremony the immense potential importance of he client sink in . of course , bertie do not see he . lionel ( cont ’d ) quite a irony ... all this . myrtle why 's that ? lionel his child be not too fond of he . myrtle lionel ! what a thing to say . where have you pick that up ? lionel Heard it ... at work . lionel point , to distract . lionel ( cont 'd ) think the german will make it ? 48 return to archive footage , a contort limping german be see . the procession of dignitary continue . pathe newsreel announcer .... fifteen king of Europe and eleven prince of the realm be here ... ext . austin drive thru scottish estate - new day bertie ( 0.s . ) '' I sifted seven thick - stalk thistles through strong thick sieve . I sifted seven ... '' elizabeth ( 0.s. ) bertie , be not that enough ? bertie ( 0.s. ) I have to keep say it . this be you fault . chop ! chop ! chop ! the sound of a axe . fall tree start to litter the roadside . int . austin , royal country estate - continuous bertie and Elizabeth be dress for a party . outside , fall tree , and more fall . they be aghast . elizabeth five hundred year old oak ... remove to improve the view ! bertie Nonetheless ... we must try to be pleasant towards Mrs Simpson . elizabeth you know she call I '' the fat Scottish cook '' ? bertie you be not fat . elizabeth I be get plump . bertie you seldom cook . she give she husband a look , but realize he 's teasing . she gasp and point : Pov - more tree be fell . 49 bertie ( cont ’d ) I sifted seven . elizabeth shut up !! int . ballroom , balmoral - day a weekend house party . drink at teatime . five or six friend dance to a gramophone . a couple be already drunk . at the epicenter , David , the very picture of insouciance , and wallis , cling to he arm , drip in jewelry . wallis 's most attractive physical feature be she back , display fully by she choice of dress . surrounded by they entourage , they be the apex of chic . a footman announce : footman they Royal highness the Duke and duchess of York . Elizabeth freeze as wallis sweep forward to greet they . wallis how lovely to see you both . welcome to we little country shack . Elizabeth stare at she , incredulous , then sail past , announce to no one in particular : elizabeth I come at the invitation of the King . wallis be wrongfoote . Elizabeth and bertie reach David . Elizabeth curtsy to David , and bertie give David a nod . bertie hello David . david hello bertie . hello Elizabeth . David kiss Elizabeth on both cheek . bertie I see you be make some change to the garden . david I be . I be not quite finish . David 's eye be draw by wallis . wallis David ! 50 she tap she champagne glass . a footman go into action , but wallis wave he off . David leave instead . david ( call to wallis ) just be a sec , darling ! bertie pursue he . one of the guest - winston churchill - nursing a glass of champagne move up to Elizabeth . int . drawing room / portrait gallery , balmoral - day Elizabeth be stand in front of a canvas of George iv when churchill arrive at she side . elizabeth do not tell I I behave badly , Mr churchill . winston churchill on the contrary , you Royal highness . etiquette decree royalty must be greet by the official host : in this case : the King . not a commoner . you behave impeccably . as always . elizabeth thank you . winston churchill I be always amused when you be refer to as be a commoner . as common as the Scottish king from whom you descend . elizabeth you flattery be profound . what be you agenda , Mr churchill ? winston churchill ( pause , then ) do she actually say what I think she say ? elizabeth you know she do . winston churchill what be she hold on he ? 51 elizabeth apparently she have certain ... skill , which she learn in a establishment in shanghai . churchill almost spill he new champagne . winston churchill Mam , I have not realize you be so well verse in such matter . they catch a distant glimpse of David hurry down a corridor , follow by bertie , determine to catch up . int . corridor , balmoral - continuous bertie catch he brother . bertie I have be try to see you ... david I have be terribly busy . bertie do what ? david kinging . bertie really ? kinging ? kinging be a precarious business ! where be the Tsar of Russia ? where be cousin wilhelm ? david you be be dreary . bertie be kinging lay off eighty staff at sandringham and buy yet more pearl for wallis while there be people march across Europe sing '' the Red flag '' ? david stop you worry . herr Hitler will sort that lot out . bertie who ’1ll sort out herr Hitler ? David hurry down some stair . 52 int . servant 's corridor / wine cellar - day David be hunt for a bottle of champagne for wallis in the wine cellar . bertie and you have put that woman into we mother 's suite ? david mother 's not still in the bed , be she ? bertie that 's not funny . David find the bottle he be look for . david wally like the very best . bertie I do not care what woman you carry on with at night , as long as you show up for duty in the morning ! he exit . bertie follow . int . hallway balmoral - day david this be not just some woman I be carry on with . this be the woman I intend to marry bertie Excuse I ? david she 's filing a petition for divorce . bertie good god. int . hallway / drawing room , balmoral - day bertie can not you just give she a nice house and a title ? david I will not have she as my mistress . 53 bertie David , the Church do not recognise divorce and you be the head of the Church . david have not I any rights ? bertie many privilege ... david not the same thing . you beloved common man may marry for love , why not I ? bertie if you be the common man , on what basis could you possibly claim to be King ?! david sound like you have study we wretch constitution . bertie sound like you have not . david be that what this be all about ? be that why you have be take elocution lesson ? bertie I be attempt t-t ... david that 's the scoop around town . yearning for a larger audience be we , b-b-b-bertie ? bertie D - do not say such a th - david Young brother try to push older brother off throne ... positively medieval . bertie D - bertie be completely lock . David head for wallis , leave he brother totally distraught . he pour she a glass of champagne . she show she be pleased with he . 54 int . logue' consultation room , harley STREET - new day bertie stand shattered , lose in painful memory . bertie all that work , down the drain . my own brother ... I could not say ... I could say ... I could not say a word in reply ! lionel why do you stammer more with David than you do with I ? bertie because you be bloody well pay to listen ! the latter , angry , sentence be flawless . lionel I be not a geisha girl . bertie stop try to be so bloody clever ! lionel what be it about David that stop you speak ? bertie what the bloody hell be it that make you bloody well want to go on about David ? lionel vulgar but fluent . you do not stammer when you swear . bertie bugger off ! lionel be that the best you can do ? bertie well bloody bugger to you , you beastly bastard . lionel a public school prig can do better than that . bertie shit then . shit , shit , shit ! 55 lionel see how defecation flow trippingly from the tongue ? bertie because I be angry ! lionel ah . know the f-word ? bertie fornication ? lionel bertie . lionel give he a look . bertie fuck . fuck , fuck , fuck ! lionel yes ! you see ! not a hesitation ! bertie bloody , bloody , bloody ! shit , shit , shit ! bugger , bugger , bugger ! fuck , fuck , fuck ! a knock on the wall . antony ( 0.s. ) dad ? what 's go on ? lionel ( call ) sorry . finish you homework . bertie laugh . lionel ( cont ’d ) well that 's a side of you we do not get to see that often . bertie no . no we be not suppose to really , not publicly . lionel can not joke , can not laugh ? ( then refer to Antony on the other side of the wall ) let 's get some air . bertie no logue , I do not think that 's a good idea . 56 lionel throw he he hat and scarf . lionel put on you spy clobber . ext . regentas park ornamental garden - day bertie and logue come into view talk . bertie with he homburg pull low , scarf wrap high . the park be empty and bleak on this winter 's day . one can feel the cold chill ; puff of steam punctuate they word like smoke signal . lionel what 's wrong ? what 's get you so upset ? bertie logue , you have no idea . my brother be infatuated with a woman who 's be marry twice - and she 's american . lionel some of they must be loveable . bertie ( shoot he a look ) she 's ask for a divorce and David be determine to marry she . Mrs wallis Simpson of Baltimore . lionel that 's not right . Queen wallis of Baltimore ? bertie unthinkable . lionel can he do that ? bertie absolutely not . but he 's go to anyway . all hell 's break loose . lionel can not they carry on privately ? bertie if only they would . lionel where do that leave you ? bertie I know my place ! i’1l do anything within my power to keep my brother on the throne . lionel have it come to that ? but the way thing be go , you place may be on the throne . bertie I be not a alternative to my brother . lionel if you have to you could outshine David ... lionel reach out and give bertie a pat of comfort on the shoulder . bertie pull back in offended shock . bertie do not take liberty ! that 's border on treason . lionel I be just say you could be King . you could do it ! bertie that be treason ! they face each other , as though in combat . lionel I be try to get you to realise you need not be govern by fear . bertie I have have enough of this ! lionel what be you afraid of ? bertie you poisonous word ! lionel why have you show up then ? to take polite elocution lesson so you can chit-chat at posh tea party ? bertie do not instruct I on my duty ! I be the brother of a King ... the son of a King ... we have a history that go back untold century . you be the disappoint son of a brewer ! ( more ) 58 bertie ( cont 'd ) a jump - up jackeroo from the outback ! you be nobody . this session be over ! bertie stride off in a fury . lionel , equally angry , go in the other direction . two man move apart in the cold wintery landscape , the ground mist rise . the lionel stop . turn . Pov - bertie have disappear from view . close on lionel as he realise ... he 's no longer therapist to a man who might have to become King . ext . back garden entrance , 10 downing STREET / horse guard parade — day a car pull up . a bundle figure hurry out and slip in through the garden entrance . int . baldwin 's study , 10 downing STREET - day bertie be with Prime Minister stanley baldwin , a stocky man with he hair parte straight down the middle . they conversation in progress . baldwin it 's not just because she 's a american . it 's that she be soon to be a twice divorced american , and the King can not marry a divorced woman . I apologize for the nature of this , but ... accord to Scotland yard , the King do not possess exclusive rights to Mrs. Simpson 's favour and affection , share they with a marry use car salesman , a certain Mr guy trundle . in addition , it be rumoure that Hitler 's ambassador , Count von ribbentrop , send she 17 carnation every day ...... silence . baldwin ( cont 'd ) should you brother continue to ignore the advice of his government , he must abdicate . otherwise his government have no choice but to resign . bertie Prime Minister , you have leave the country without a government ? 59 baldwin do the King do what he want , or do he do what he people expect he to do ? int . live room , logue apartment - night the family be listen to a favorite radio show . myrtle what 's the matter , love ? lionel nothing . lionel shrug helplessly , glance at the boy . myrtle you look a bit blue . lionel just trouble with a client . myrtle oh yes . lionel frightened of he own shadow . myrtle be not that why they come to you ? lionel but this chap ... myrtle yes ? lionel this chap truly could be somebody great , and he 's fight I . myrtle perhaps he do not want to be great . lionel be silent . myrtle ( cont 'd ) perhaps that 's what you want . lionel I might have overstep the mark . 60 myrtle apologize , lionel . do you both good . sometimes you do push a bit hard . int . hallway , 145 piccadilly - continuous lionel be show to a chair in the hall to wait . footstep echo . bertie 's equerry , dress in military uniform , come in . he be scrupulously polite . equerry I be very sorry , Mr logue , the Duke be terrible busy . lionel I be happy to wait . or I could come back later . equerry as I say , the Duke be busy . the steward open the door . both wait . lionel reluctantly withdraw . int . bertie 's study , 145 piccadilly - night bertie and chuchill sit on either side of bertie 's desk . winston churchill but there be other reason for concern , Sir . he be careless with state papers . he lack commitment and resolve . there be that that worried where he would stand when war with Germany come . bertie we be not come to that ? winston churchill indeed we be , sir. Prime Minister baldwin may deny this , but Hitler 's intent be crystal clear . War with Germany will come , and we will need a King behind whom we can all stand united . silence . winston churchill ( cont ’d ) have you think what you will call yourself ? 61 bertie struggle to speak with the shock of the question . pause . int . winston churchill ( cont ’d ) certainly not Albert , sir. too germanic . winston churchill ( cont ’d ) what about George ? after you father ? George the sixth . it have rather a nice continuity to it , do not you think . david 's drawing room , the fort - day bertie wait nervously for David . David enter , look sink . bertie David ! thank God . you look exhaust ! how be you bear up ? david bertie . I have to go . the decision 's be make . bertie I can not accept that . you be in no condition to make that decision . david I be afraid there 's no other way . I must marry she . my mind 's make up . I be ... sorry . bertie that 's a terrible thing to hear . David , nobody want that . I least of all . int . — drawing room , the fort - day david ( v.o. radio filter ) at long last I be able to say a few word of my own . I have never want to withhold anything , but until now , it have not be constitutionally possible for I to speak . a few hour ago I discharge my last duty as King and Emperor . ( more ) 62 david ( v.o. radio filter ) ( cont 'd ) now that I have be succeed by my brother , the Duke of York my first word must be to declare my allegiance to he . this I do with all my heart . bertie , Henry and George be there to witness David signing the abdication document . silence . the scratch of a fountain pen . he finally sign he name . the other sign . bertie sign . hold on bertie 's face . int . study , windsor castle - night David sit at he desk on which sit a BBC microphone . as always he speak with beautiful fluency . david ( v.o. radio filter ) you all know the reason which have impell I to renounce the throne . but you must believe I when I tell you I have find it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and to discharge my duty as King as I would wish to do without the help and support of the woman I love ... int . drawing room , york house - night another wireless be listen to by Elizabeth and bertie . david ( v.o. radio filter ) -- this decision have be make less difficult to I by the sure knowledge that my brother , with he long training in the public affair of this country ... bertie battle he emotion . Elizabeth take bertie 's hand supportively . int . hallway . 145 piccadilly - new day bertie be in full regalia of a Admiral of the fleet 's uniform . david ( v.o. radio filter ) .-- and with he fine quality ... 63 ext . 145 piccadilly - continuous david ( v.o. radio filter ) ..-- will be able to take my place forthwith without interruption or injury to the life and progress of the empire . grimly , bertie get in to a wait roll . frame in the car window he look terrify as the car edge from the curb . on the pavement , keep back by police , a crowd of onlooker . on the edge of the group ... lionel . bertie peer out of the window of the roll . they eye meet . bertie look away . the roll drive on . int . antechamber , ST jame palace - that day bertie wait nervously . at a signal from he attendant he enter the accession Council chamber int . accession council chamber - continuous the Council be make up of privy councillor , member of the House of lord , the Lord Mayor of the City of London , the aldermen of the City of London and the High commissioner of some commonwealth country . stand before they , bertie be hand he accession speech . all of bertie 's old symptom reappear : the tightening of the neck muscle , the protrude Adam 's apple , the jaw lock . bertie I meet you today in circumstance which be - bertie have come to a complete muscle - lock halt . he bow he head in humility . and shame . int . hallway , york house - that day Elizabeth be with she daughter , prepare for the move to Buckingham Palace . the girl be tidy away they toy horse . lillibet mama , will we have space for we horse in we new home ? 64 elizabeth of course we will , darling , we will have a palace of room . bertie appear , still in full regalia , straight from the accession Council . he try to put on a brave front , but it do not quite work . he desperately need the comfort of he family . he hold he arm out , expect he daughter to run to he for a hug and kiss , he solace after the ordeal . lillibet ( to she sister , on see she father ) curtsey . margaret you majesty . they remain where they be and curtsy formally . bertie be devastate . elizabeth how be it ? bertie shake he head imperceptibly . int . bertie 's study , york house - night bertie valiantly try to make sense of he new dispatch box fill with state papers , seat at he desk . it be late at night . Elizabeth enter , in night clothes . bertie I be try to familiarise myself with what a state paper look like . he pick up a series of papers . bertie ( cont ’d ) a despatch from Mr baldwin which I do not understand a word of . David 's finances . the Christmas broadcast - I think that might be a mistake . elizabeth do not do it then . bertie plan for the coronation - I think that 's a even bigger mistake . I be not a King . I be a naval officer . its the only thing I know about . 65 and bertie break down ; fierce , wrack sob . Elizabeth speak softly , with grow strength , have already accept and adapt to the situation . elizabeth dear , dear man ... I refuse you first two marriage proposal , not because I do not love you , but because I could not bear the royal cage . could bear the idea of a life of tour and public duty , a life that no longer be really to be my own . then I think ... he stammer so beautifully ... they 's 1l leave we alone . she take he anguish face in she hand tenderly . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) but if I must be Queen , I intend be a very good Queen . Queen to a very great King indeed . ext . logue home , south kensington - new day re-establish shot . two large car wait at the curb-side . int . parlour , logue apartment - continuous a knock at the front door . two figure can be see outline in the frost glass door . lionel open it . bertie and Elizabeth be stand there . bertie wait for a king to apologize , one can wait rather a long wait . elizabeth I be afraid we be slightly late . beat . lionel this be home . myrtle 's at bridge . I have make sure the boy be out . elizabeth ( step in ) it 's lovely . absolutely lovely . lionel pull out a chair for she to sit down . 66 lionel would you like some tea , ma ’am ? elizabeth yes . i’1ll help myself . ( then ) off you go now . or must I knock you head together ? int . logue 's study - continuous the two man enter and sit down . a moment of uncertainty . then bertie blurt . bertie here 's you shilling , logue ( put shilling down ) I understand what you be try to say , logue . lionel I go about it the wrong way . I be sorry . bertie now here I be . be the nation ready for two minute of radio silence ? lionel every stammerer always fear they will fall back to square one . I do not let that happen . you will not let that happen . bertie if I fail in my duty ... David could come back . I have see the placard '' save we King ! '' they do not mean I . every other monarch in history succeed someone who be dead , or about to be . my predecessor be not only alive , but very much so . what a bloody mess ! I can not even give they a Christmas speech . lionel like you dad use to do ? bertie precisely . lionel you father . he 's not here . bertie yes he be . he 's on that bloody shilling I give you . 67 lionel easy enough to give away . you do not have to carry he around in you pocket . or you brother . you do not need to be afraid of thing you be afraid of when you be five . a pause - lionel ( cont ’d ) you be very much you own man , bertie . you face be next , mate . there 's a noise outside the door . myrtle ( 0.s. ) lionel ? lionel myrtle ! lionel stand and press himself up against the wall . bertie be you alright , lionel ? lionel yes . bertie stand and make towards the door . bertie shall we go through ? lionel ( not move ) trust I it 's important . bertie what be it ? int . parlour , logue apartment - continuous myrtle have enter , she be flabbergasted . myrtle you ... you ... elizabeth it 's '' you majesty '' , the first time . after that , '' ma ’am '' , as in ham , not ma 'lm as in palm . 68 int . logue 's study - continuous lionel , still press against the wall , be explain he reticence to bertie . lionel I have not tell she .. about we . sit down , relax . bertie , bemuse , sit . int . parlour , logue apartment - continuous elizabeth I be inform you husband call my husband bertie and my husband call you husband lionel . I trust you will not call I Liz . myrtle you majesty , you may call I Mrs logue , ma’am . elizabeth very nice to meet you , Mrs logue myrtle be take aback . int . logue 's study - continuous the man listen to they wife 's conversation . bertie logue , we can not stay here all day . lionel yes we can . bertie logue .. lionel look , I need to wait for the opportune moment . bertie ( realize ) you be be a coward ! lionel you be damn right . decisive , bertie stand and throw open the door . bertie get out there , man ! 69 and bertie usher lionel into the parlour . int . parlour , logue apartment - continuous logue enter , pretend total innocence and surprise , follow by bertie . lionel oh ! hello , myrtle darling ! you be early . ( indicate Elizabeth ) I believe you two have meet ! I do not believe you know .... King George VI ? bertie it 's very nice to meet you . myrtle stare at lionel and take she revenge . myrtle will they majesty be stay for dinner ? logue and bertie look panic-stricken . Elizabeth come to the rescue . elizabeth we would love to , such a treat , but ala ... a previous engagement . what a pity . on lionel 's relief . ext . westminster abbey - day to establish . prepations be be make in the street for the coronation - spectator stand be complete and fabric be be dress . int . westminster abbey - day the center piece of the coronation staging be the throne of Edward the confessor . scaffold have be erect to supply seating . technician work to erect film camera , light , radio microphone . they stop short as they see cosmo lang wait to greet they , flanke by the Dean of westminster and a couple of flunky . there be a distinct drop in temperature . bertie archbishop . 70 cosmo lang welcome you majesty . ( refer to the cathedral , but it 's double -edge ) what a glorious transformation , Sir . I hope you 's 1ll forgive we if we continue we preparation . allow I to guide you through the ceremony . they begin to walk together , lionel a few pace behind . cosmo lang ( cont ’d ) we begin , of course at the West door , then into the nave . bertie I see all you pronouncement be to be broadcast , archbishop . cosmo see bertie stare at the microphone . cosmo lang ah , yes , wireless be indeed a pandora 's box . I be afraid I have also have to permit the newsreel camera . the product of which I shall personally edit . lionel without momentary hesitation . bertie Doctor lionel logue of harley Street , my speech specialist . cosmo lang specialist ?! have I know you majesty be seek assistance I would have make my own recommendation . bertie Dr. logue be to be present at the coronation . cosmo lang well of course I shall speak to the Dean , but it will be extremely difficult . bertie I should like the Doctor to be seat in the King 's box . cosmo lang but member of you family will be seat there , sir. 71 bertie that why it 's suitable . lionel and now , if you do not mind , we need the premise . cosmo lang my dear fellow , this be westminster Abbey ! the Church must prepare he majesty . lionel my preparation for bertie be equally important . the two man stare each other down . lionel ( cont ’d ) with complete privacy . if you do not mind . bertie that be my wish , you Grace . cosmo lang ( sniff ) I shall place the Abbey at you majesty 's disposal ... this evening . you majesty . lang nod curtly and exit . int . westminster abbey - that night footstep resonate . lionel enter . ahead , he see cosmo lang quietly confer with bertie . as lionel approach , cosmo lang slip away . bertie , pause - — lionel I can not believe I be walk on chaucer and handel and dicken . everything alright ? let 's get crack . seat on a ceremonial chair , do not rise . bertie I be not here to rehearse , Doctor logue . bertie ( cont ’d ) true , you never call yourself ' Doctor 's . I do that for you . ( more ) 72 bertie ( cont ’d ) no diploma , no training , no qualification . just a great deal of nerve . lionel ah , the star chamber inquisition , be it ? bertie you ask for trust and total equality . lionel bertie , I hear you at wembley , I be there . I hear you . my son Laurie say '' do you think you could help that poor man ? '' I reply '' if I have the chance '' . bertie what , as a fail actor !? lionel it 's true , I be not a doctor , and yes I act a bit , recite in pub and teach elocution in school . when the great War come , we boy be pour back from the front , shell - shocked and unable to speak and somebody say , '' lionel , you be very good at all this speech stuff . do you think you could possibly help this poor bugger '' . I do muscle therapy , exercise , relaxation , but I know I have to go deeper . that poor young bloke have cry out in fear , and no - one be listen to they . my job be to give they faith in they voice and let they know that a friend be listen . that must ring a few bell with you , bertie . bertie you give a very noble account of yourself . lionel make inquiry . it 's all true . bertie inquiry have be make ! you have no idea who I have breathe down my neck . I vouch for you and you have no credential . 73 lionel but lot of success ! I can not show you a certificate - there be no training then . all I know I know by experience , and that war be some experience . May plaque say , ' L. logue , speech defect '. no Dr. , no letter after my name . ( with mock seriousness ) lock I in the Tower . bertie I would if I could ! lionel on what charge ? bertie fraud ! with war loom , you have saddle this nation with a voiceless King . destroy the happiness of my family ... all for the sake of ensnare a star patient you know you could not possibly assist ! his desperation spill out . he pull himself out the chair , stride past lionel . bertie ( cont ’d ) it will be like mad King George the third , there will be mad King George the stammerer , who let he people down so badly in they hour of need ! lionel sit down on the chair of Edward the confessor . bertie ( cont ’d ) what be you do ? get up ! you can not sit there ! overlap - lionel why not ? it 's a chair . bertie no , it 's not , that be Saint Edward 's chair - lionel people have carve they initial into it ! bertie that chair be the seat on which every King and Queen - lionel it 's hold in place by a large rock ! bertie that be the Stone of scone , you be trivialise everything - lionel I do not care . I do not care how many Royal arse have sit in this chair - overlap - bertie listen to I ... ! lionel listen to you ?! by what right ? bertie Divine right , if you must ! I be you King !!! lionel noooo you be not ! told I so yourself . Said you do not want it . so why should I waste my time listen to you ? bertie because I have a right to be hear ! lionel Heard as what ?! bertie a man ! I have a voice !!! lionel ( quietly ) yes you do . you have such perseverance , bertie , you be the bravest man I know . and you 'il make a bloody good king . bertie stare at he . a familiar voice be hear from the shadow . voice what on earth 's go on , Sir ? bertie it 's all right , archbishop . the archbishop of canterbury . 74 75 cosmo lang Mr logue , you should know that I have find a replacement English specialist with impeccable credential . hence , you service will no longer be require . bertie I be sorry ? cosmo lang you majesty 's function be to consult and be advise . you do not consult , but you have just be advise . bertie now I advise you : in this personal matter I will make my own decision . cosmo lang my concern be for the head upon which I must place the crown . bertie I appreciate that archbishop , but it 's my head ! cosmo lang you humble servant . lang turn on he heel and be go , leave bertie shake , with both anger , and fear . lionel thank you bertie . shall we rehearse ? bertie sit in the ceremonial chair once more . lionel ( cont ’d ) as soon as you and Elizabeth enter the West door , you will be greet with the hymn '' I be glad when they Said unto I . '' you will not actually be that glad , because they sing it for a great long time . then you friend the archbishop will ponce up and say , '' Sir , be you majesty willing to take the oath ? '' you say .. bertie '' it be willing '' . 76 lionel course you be ! i’1l see what it sound like from the cheap seat so even you old nanny can hear . '' will you govern you people of great Britain , Ireland , Canada , Australia and New Zealand accord to they land and custom ? '' bertie " I solemnly promise so do so . " lionel louder ! I can not hear you up the back . bertie '' I solemnly promise to do so ! '' lionel very good ! " will you to you power cause Law and justice , in mercy , to be execute in all you judgement ? " bertie " I will . " '' I will ! '' lionel then a long bit about uphold the faith , rubbish , rubbish , rubbish . to which you finally say ... bertie '' this thing which I have herebefore promise , I will perform and keep . so help I God . '' lionel that 's all you have to say . four short response , kiss the book and sign the oath . there you be : you be King . easy . the faint clicking whir of a film projector be hear . int . screening room , buckingham palace — new day on the screen : archive - pathe newsreel footage of the coronation . the Royal family watch : bertie , Elizabeth , lilibet and Margaret . cosmo lang and he assistant be in attendance . there be a projectionist also . 77 margaret rose you nearly crown he backwards archbishop ! lang step in front of the screen , eager to explain cosmo lang someone have remove the thread that be mark the front of the Crown , Sir . bertie try not lose the thread , archbishop . lillibet ( peer around lang ) archbishop , you miss papa . we see bertie give two of he response . elizabeth very good , very good . archbishop . cosmo lang well , I hope you majesty be thrilled with the result . the coronation footage finish . the next segment of the newsreel be entitle '' Hitler in Nuremberg ! '' and show he view troops do the goose - step amidst immense crowd . we then see Hitler 's mad eloquence , mesmerize all . cosmo lang ( cont ’d ) ( to the projectionist ) you can turn that off now . elizabeth no , wait , keep go . lillibet do have a seat , archbishop . they watch the footage . lilibet what 's he say , papa ? bertie I do not know , but he seem to be say it rather well . off the roar of the crowd on the screen . bertie 's face as he watch Hitler . int . meeting room , buckingham palace —- new day baldwin enter , look pale and tired , to see bertie . bertie good Morning Mr baldwin . baldwin good Morning you majesty . congratulation on you coronation . it go splendidly . bertie thank you , Prime Minister . luckily I only have to repeat a few short oath . I may not be so fortunate in the future . baldwin Sir , I have ask to see you today in order to tender my resignation as Prime Minister . bertie I be so sorry to hear that , Mr baldwin . baldwin neville Chamberlain will take my place as Prime Minister . it 's a matter of principal . I be mistaken . I have find it impossible to believe that there be any man in the World so lack in moral feel as Hitler , but the world might be hurl for a second time into the abyss of destructive war. churchill be right all along . this be always Hitler 's intention . I be only sorry to leave you in this time of crisis . I be afraid Sir , you great test be yet to come . int . logue 's parlour - day the logue family be sit around the wireless . chamberlain I be speak to you from the cabinet room of 10 down Street . ( more ) 78 79 chamberlain ( cont 'd ) this morning the british ambassador in Berlin hand the german government a final note state that unless we hear from they by 11 o'clock that they be prepare at once to withdraw they troops from Poland , a state of war would exist between we . I have to tell you now that no such undertake have be receive , and that consequently this country be at war with Germany . int . buckingham palace , bertie 's study - day 3rd September 1939 . bertie , in uniform , be at he desk go through paperwork . hardinge , the King 's private Secretary , enter briskly . hardinge at last . here it be . you be live at six . I have time it at just under nine minute . the wording be fully approve . the Prime Minister will be join you for the broadcast which will go out live to the Nation , the Empire and to we armed force . bertie get logue here immediately . hardinge exit . bertie be leave contemplate the speech . nervous as hell . int . — logue 's car - day Laurie drive logue . out the window he see sandbag be pile round government building . lionel ( peer up into the sky ) look , there be the barrage balloon . they get they up there quickly . a air raid siren be hear . laurie should we pull over and find shelter ? 80 logue no , just go straight on . we 'il be alright . CUT to : int . / ext . logue 's car , outside buckingham palace logue 's id be check . ext . quadrangle , buckingham palace logue hurry into the Palace . the car pull away . int . coatroom , buckingham palace logue hang up umbrella , coat and gas mask . int . staircase , buckingham palace logue be meet on the stair by hardinge who hand he a speech . hardinge the King 's speech . we have about forty minute until the broadcast . lionel hurry up the stair . int . bertie 's study , buckingham palace - day bertie ( dress in he naval uniform ) and logue ( dress in black tie ) be rehearse . bertie ( stammer very badly ) '' there may be dark day ahead , and w-w-wa ... '' lionel try again . bertie '' there may be dark day ahead , and wr... '' lionel turn the hesitation into pause , and say to yourself , '' God save the King '' . 81 bertie I say that continually , but apparently no one 's listen . lionel Long pause be good : they add solemnity to great occasion . bertie then I be the solemnest king who ever live . lionel , I can not do this ! lionel bertie , you can do this ! bertie if I be to be King ... where be my power ? May I form a government , levy a tax or declare a war ? no ! yet I be the seat of all authority . why ? because the Nation believe when I speak , I speak for they . yet I can not speak ! as though none of this have happen : lionel let 's take it from the top . '' in this grave hour ... '' bertie ( hesitates , then ) '' in this grave hour fuck fuck fuck perhaps the most fateful in we history bugger shit shit ( sing ) I send to every household of my p-p - the letter 'pu be always difficult . lionel bounce onto it 'a - people both at home and 's bertie '' a-people both at home and overseas , ... '' lionel beaut . bertie ( sing ) '' , .. this message , doo - dah , doo - dah .... speak with the same depth of feel ... for each one of you as if I be to fuck shit bugger cross you threshold and speak to you m- my - ... '' 82 lionel in you head , now : '' I have a right to be bloody well hear ! '' bertie bloody well hear , bloody well hear , bloody well hear myself ! lionel now waltz . move ! get continuous movement . bertie ( waltzing and sing ) '' for the second time in the life of most of we we be at wa - - " bertie jam and come to a halt . lionel pause . '' we be ... '' take a pause . bertie I can not do this . lionel bertie , you can do it . have a look at the last paragraph . elizabeth bertie ... it 's time . bertie and lionel glance at each other . bertie approach the door . he pause . down a long perspective of room we see ahead the wait microphone . like a tunnel . like wembley . bertie begin the long walk , flanke by he wife and he speech specialist . int . state room , buckingham palace - continuous bertie , lionel , and Elizabeth walk towards the microphone . a corgi bark as they approach . the first room have a large speaker and chair arrange for listen to the broadcast . lang , Prime Minister neville Chamberlain and churchill be in attendance . 83 bertie Prime Minister . Nice to see you again , so soon . good of you to be here , I be sure you have have rather a busy day . chamberlain let 's hope we have no more interruption from that damned siren , Sir . bertie or the wretch dog . ( to churchill ) congratulation . first Lord of the admiralty . winston churchill you majesty . bertie ( nodd towards the recording room ) the long walk . churchill detach himself from lang and walk with bertie . winston churchill good luck , Sir . I too dread this ... apparatus . have a speech impediment myself , you know . bertie I do not . winston churchill family secret . tongue-ty . a operation be consider too dangerous . I eventually make a asset of it . a moment of silent recognition between the two man . bertie thank you , Mr churchill . churchill nod , then go to he seat , as bertie pass into the next room . bertie ( cont ’d ) how long , logue ? lionel just under three minute , sir. ahead be the microphone set up on a grand desk in a beautifully ornate state room . 84 next to it be now reveal a still camera and light - all set for a photo op . bertie , logue and Elizabeth , ignore it , pass right by , turn a corner and we now see a perspective of much smaller room lead to a microphone frame in a doorway , hang at head height . a tumble of cable stretch through the room . we pass through two room of audio equipment with eight technician all wear black tie , all set for the broadcast . bertie 's tension build . at the door to the broadcasting booth he be meet by the BBC 's Wood . bertie greet he bertie Mr Wood . wood good luck , you majesty . logue , bertie and Elizabeth enter the booth . int . broadcasting booth - day the dread BBC microphone , in a surprisingly small room . it be arrange so bertie can stand up as he speak , the way logue like it . the ceiling have be lower and it have be decorate in cheerful colour . as a podium for the speech a old school desk have be propped up on wooden block so it 's the right height for bertie . logue immediately open the window to get the air circulate . bertie say nothing , but go up and inspect the loom microphone . he spread the finger of one hand , touch the apparatus with the little finger , thumb to chin . bertie I be thistle sifter , I have a sieve of sifted thistles and a sieve on unsift thistles .. elizabeth bertie , darling , make sure it 's not switch on ! 85 lionel remember the red light will blink three time and then I have ask they to turn it off , because we do not want that evil eye stare at you all the way through . elizabeth I be sure you will be splendid . wood one minute , sir . Elizabeth step back with a wonderful smile as Wood close the door , sealing bertie and logue in the booth . bertie no matter how this turn out , I do not know how to thank you for what you have do . lionel knighthood ? they smile . wood ( 0.s. ) twenty second . lionel forget everything else and just say it to I . say it to I , asa friend . the red light in the booth flash . the red light flash for the second time . bertie concentrate . the red light flash for the third time . the red light now go steady red . lionel open he arm wide and mouth , '' breathe ! '' . on air. bertie 's hand begin to shake , the page of he speech rattle like dry leave , he throat muscle constrict , the Adam 's apple bulge , he lip tighten ... all the old symptom reappear . several second have elapse . it seem a eternity . 86 int . control room , BBC broadcasting house - day the technician in they suit , tie and scientific look white overcoat , wear bulky headphone , monitoring daunt bank of valve and dial listen with grow apprehension to the silence break only by crackle static . int . king 's study / broadcast room , buckingham palace - day the tension be more than palpable . bertie and logue stare at each other . logue smile , perfectly calm , totally confident in the man he 's work with . his confidence be contagious . bertie take a deep breath , let it out slowly . his throat muscle relax , he hand steady - all the thing he 's practice . bertie in this grave hour , perhaps the most fateful in we history , I send to every household of my people , both at home and overseas this message speak with the same depth of feel for each one of you as if I be able to cross you threshold and speak to you myself . his cadence be slow and measure , not flawless , but he do not stop . int - state room - day in the listen room : Elizabeth grasp the side of she chair and then slowly relax as bertie 's calm , measure voice come over the speaker . int . / ext . montage of various location the assemble dignitary at Buckingham Palace , myrtle with two of the boy , people listen to radio in home , pub , factory . a group of soldier , include Antony logue . Queen Mary sit in she State Apartments , David and wallis listen dolefully in a villa in the South of France , the crowd assemble outside Buckingham Palace , listen on loud speaker . cut continually back to bertie as he grow in confidence bertie ( v.o. on radio ) for the second time in the life of most of we we be at war . ( more ) 87 bertie ( v.o. on radio ) ( cont 'd ) over and over again we have try to find a peaceful way out of the difference between ourselves and that who be now we enemy . but it have be in vain . we have be force into a conflict . for we be call , with we ally , to meet the challenge of a principle which , if it be to prevail , would be fatal to any civilized order in the world . such a principle , stripped of all disguise , be surely the mere primitive doctrine that might be right . for the sake of all that we ourselves hold dear , and of the world 's order and peace , it be unthinkable that we should refuse to meet the challenge . it be to this high purpose that I now call my people at home and my people across the seas , who will make we cause they own . I ask they to stand calm and firm , and united in this time of trial . the task will be hard . there may be dark day ahead , and war can no longer be confine to the battlefield . but we can only do the right as we see the right and reverently commit we cause to God . int . broadcasting booth , buckingham palace - continuous bertie , in he quiet way be totally in command , and utterly magnificent . everyone in the room be awed as he conclude : bertie ( cont ’d ) if one and all we keep resolutely faithful to it , then , with God 's help , we shall prevail . int . state room , buckingham palace - continuous in the listen room we see the elate face of Elizabeth , churchill , lang . int . control room , BBC broadcasting house - day technician break in to spontaneous applause . int . broadcasting booth , buckingham palace - continuous lionel and bertie stare at each other . 88 silence . lionel that be very good , bertie . lionel close the window . lionel ( cont ’d ) you still stammer on the '' with '' . bertie have to throw in a few so they know it be I . Wood open the door . wood congratulation , you majesty . a true broadcaster . bertie thank you , Mr Wood . bertie and lionel pass out of the booth to the sound of applause . they pause at the desk , which be set up with a microphone . bertie sit and have he official photograph take . lionel you first war time speech . congratulation . bertie expect I shall have to do a great deal more . thank you , logue . bertie stand and take lionel 's hand bertie ( cont ’d ) thank you . my friend . lionel thank you ... you majesty . int . state room , buckingham palace - continuous bertie head towards the listen room . Elizabeth go to bertie and kiss he tenderly on the cheek . elizabeth ( whisper , emotional ) I know you would be good . 89 Elizabeth look at lionel . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) thank you ... ( for the first time ) ..- lionel . bertie onward ? bertie continue on , and be greet by lang , churchill and Chamberlain . winston churchill could not have say it better myself , Sir the ultimate churchillian compliment . lang next . cosmo lang you majesty , I be speechless . chamberlain congratulation , Sir bertie thank you , gentlemen . bertie sweep lillibet into he arm . bertie ( cont ’d ) so how be papa ? lillibet halting at first , but you get much better papa . he kiss she . bertie bless you . ( pick Margaret up ) and how about you ? margaret you be just splendid , papa . bertie of course I be . bertie ready himself to step out on to the balcony ; wait crowd be glimpse through the window . across the room , bertie 's eye meet logue 's . a brief nod . a moment of recognition . 90 ext . balcony , buckingham palace - day the King , he Queen and they child wave to the crowd , receive they adulation and love . bertie glance upwards . Pov - silver dirigible hover protectively . on the balcony - bertie and Elizabeth , King and Queen , wave to they people and receive they approbation . lionel watch from the shadow . card : King George VI make lionel logue a Commander of the Royal victorian order in 1944 . this high honour from a grateful King make lionel part of the only order of chivalry that specifically reward act of personal service to the monarch . lionel be with the King for every wartime speech . through he broadcast , George VI become a symbol of national resistance . lionel and bertie remain friend for the rest of they life . the end