the salton sea by tony gayton fade in : int . residential HOTEL room - night a man recumbent on the bed , play a trumpet , he white dress shirt deface by a flower of blood . the room be on FIRE all around he . he be play mile Davis ' moody , Spanish - influence saeta , a haunt and lonely piece . danny ( v.o. ) my name be Tom Van Allen ... ( beat ) or Danny flynne ... a duffle bag full of money on the bed . the money burn , tiny flame piece float around the room . danny ( cont would ) ... I do not know anymore . ( beat ) maybe I will let you decide . maybe you can help I , friend . as you can see , I do not have a hell of a lot of time leave . a photograph of a woman tape to the inside of a trumpet case . the photo be on fire . only she smile remain . danny ( cont would ) avenge angel ... juda iscariot ... love husband ... prodigal Son ... the prince of Denmark ...? a greet card on the floor , a teddy bear and the word , congratulation ! on the front . the wind from the fire blow the card open . Inside , a blackened blood stain . danny ( cont would ) all of this ? none of this ? you decide , friend . you decide . trumpet player ? speed freak ? ( beat ) speed freak . ( beat ) that 's as good a place as any . ( beat ) but first , a little background on the mad world of the tweaker .. fade out . fade in . int . laboratory - day extreme close - up of a glass pipette drip a clear liquid into a glass beaker . danny ( v.o. ) methedrene be first distil by a japanese scientist before WWII . Hand it to the japanese , they know a good thing when they see it . int . japanese zero - day a wide -ey , jaw - grind kamikaze pilot with a death - grip on the control . danny ( v.o. ) this guy 's so tweak , he probably think he can survive this without a scratch . stock battle footage - a japanese Zero crash into a battleship , burst into a ball of flame . danny ( v.o. ) maybe not . ( beat ) by some estimate , 2 % of the japanese population have a meth problem after the war : factory worker , soldier , pilot . maybe that 's why it take two bomb to get them to surrender . a nuclear blast be just a minor nuisance to a determine tweaker . int . house - day a wide -ey , June cleaveresque housewife in a picture - perfect white dress vacuum the floor of a picture - perfect house . danny ( v.o ) in the fifty , the housewive get ahold of it . dexedrine . benzedrine . methedrene ... she attack the same spot over and over again , one hand clutching the vacuum , the other stiffly hold a cigarette . danny ( cont would ) now that 's a classic speed freak for you , skinny and clean the house . I will bet she poor husband never know what hit he in the sack either . int . bedroom - night the leg of the bed rattling and bounce loudly off the floor . stock footage - j.f.k. pump the hand of nikita kruschev . danny ( v.o. ) there be even rumor that one of we president dabble with mysterious " energy shot " . imagine that : a slammer in the White House . Kennedy talk animatedly . danny ( cont would ) if it 's true , I will bet ol ' krushchev never get a word in edgewise . ext . truck stop parking lot - night a sleepy - eye trucker emerge from he tractor- trailer and approach a loitering hell angel - type . danny ( v.o. ) by the late 60' the government finally crack down and send the whole thing underground . biker control the market for a while . int . tractor -trailer - night the trucker grip the wheel with the same death - grip as the kamikaze . danny ( v.o. ) but now anyone with a basic chemistry kit and the right ingredient can cook it up at home . int . pharmacy - night a cashier scan container after container of cold medication . danny ( v.o. ) ever see a long -haire tattooe freak buy up all the cold medicine he can lay he hand on at three in the morning . the cashier look up at the aforementioned freak , a freeze grin plaster on he face . danny ( cont would ) take it from I , he be not get no cold . he 's a cook . look in he kitchen and you will find a whole grocery list of unsavory ingredient . int . kitchen - night track down the kitchen counter on various container . danny ( v.o. ) drain cleaner , hydrochloric acid , match head for red phosphorus , ether and of course the cold medicine .. that 's for ephedrene , soon to become methedrene continue tracking to a series of burner , beaker and tubing danny ( cont would ) this guy 's a regular Julia child . Problem be , I will be even miss Julia fuck up the bouillabaisse from time to time . the freaky cook see something he do not like . his eye widen . danny ( cont would ) oh -oh . ext . trailer - night as the structure explode . int . party house - unknown thick blanket and tinfoil tape over the window . a huge container of empty beer can , wash and neatly arrange . line of crystal meth on a mirror as precisely arrange as Nails as the Nuremberg rally . a group of tweaker in the middle of a binge . two skinny woman , nancy and Teresa bent over a drawer - full of neatly fold sock on the live room floor . they stare at the drawer as if they be ponder a rembrandt . nancy it be not right teresa you think ? nancy something 's off . teresa we can do better . they take the sock out and be rearranging they again . Three guy squeeze onto a couch together : kujo , jimmy the finn and creeper . kujo be talk a blue-streak . he make Dennis leary take mealy - mouth . creeper and Jimmy stare straight ahead , clearly bugging . kujo so the alphabet , I mean look at it , there 's 26 letter . why not 27 or 28 or 106 ? and the vowel : a , e , i , of , u . what the hell be up with that ? creeper and sometimes y. kujo what I be say be that I love it ! it 's great . I could go on all night about it . and he do . kujo ( cont would ) let 's take every letter individually . I mean , let 's really break the mother 's down . danny be sit in a armchair . he be the only one who look tired . he sit there , take the scene in . all sound fade out danny ( v.o. ) and so this be where I find myself . no . I should choose my word more wisely : this be the world I seek out . the land of the perpetual night - party . Day swallow night and night swallow day . the crank compress time like some divine piston on its awesome downstroke . danny's p.o.v . - scanning the room . no SOUND . the girl 's fold the sock ... kujo ranting on ... creeper and Jimmy the Finn grind they jaw ... the blanket and tinfoil on the window . danny ( cont would ) we have be at this for three day ... or be it four ? tweakerr , loker , slammer come and go , swear eternal allegiance and undy love for one another , only to wake up after the binge and realize you would not walk across the street to piss on one of them if they head be on fire . ( beat ) be it three day or be it four ? back on danny . he blink lethargically . danny ( cont would ) I know what you be think . but do not give up on I just yet . and for God 's sake , do not pity I . do not make any judgment until you have see my whole story . ( beat ) and keep you eye open . ( beat ) nothing be what it seem . suddenly ... kujo ( o.s. ) oh shit ! we're out of drug ! int . party house - night Danny and Jimmy the Finn walk towards the front door . danny how the hell do we get this detail ? jimmy guess it 's we turn . Danny nod . danny what time be it ? jimmy twelve danny Midnight ? ext . party house - day as the door open , Danny discover that it be twelve noon and the sun be blaze . the party house be reveal as a cheap stucco apartment building cramme in the middle of busy business district at a major intersection . Jimmy and Danny slip on sunglass and brave the light . danny where to ? jimmy I know a guy . danny lead the way . they slink along like two albino rat vampire with sunglass . jimmy Nice day danny I have not notice . ( beat ) I have see you around . what 's you name ? jimmy Jimmy . everyone call I Jimmy the Finn . danny why 's that ? jimmy my feature . they're finnish . danny you do not say . jimmy Finland be a country . danny well , Jimmy the Finn , let 's go score some gack . int . cheap motel room - day Danny and Jimmy stand there look at something off screen . Danny and Jimmy look at one another , then back at what they be look at . a guy sit on the bed in he underwear , look down at he leave arm and hold a can of bug spray at the ready in he right hand . he be completely motionless , study he arm with hypnotic intensity . jimmy Bobby ? bobby shhh . Bobby never take he eye off he arm . bobby ( cont would ) ( whisper ) they be come . jimmy ( likewise whisper ) what ? bobby the spider . Bobby ready the can of bug spray , he eye widen . bobby ( cont would ) ( sing -song ) I be ready for you this time . Bobby let loose with the spray , dousing he arm . bobby aha ! yeah ! ( super rapid -fire ) you think you could fuck with Bobby , you think you could fuck with Bobby , you think you could fuck with Bobby ! Bobby 's mouth wide with stupid joy and continue to cloud the air with bug spray . bobby ( cont would ) with Bobby you think you could fuck ? Danny and Jimmy wait silently . Bobby finally stop spraying , satisfied he have kill the imaginary spider . he look up at Jimmy and Danny , he eye swim with stupid , drug - addle confusion . bobby ( cont would ) who the fuck be you ? jimmy it 's I ... Jimmy Bobby squint . bobby Jimmy , Jimmy , Jimmy , Jimmy . rhyme with simmy . jimmy yeah . bobby what can I do for you ? jimmy um , coupla ' eight ball oughta do we . Danny and Jimmy notice something simultaneously . there be something under the mattress - a huge bulge . bobby do not pay she no mind . a muffled moan from under Bobby . she be between the mattress and the box spring . bobby ( cont would ) shut the hell up , goddamit ! Bobby start slapping the top of the mattress with he hand . New muffled scream from underneath . bobby ( cont would ) I get no vocation skill ! what the fuck you want from I ? ( keep slapping ) I get no vocation skill ! jimmy hey man , take it easy . Bobby immediately stop . look at Jimmy with incredulity . bobby what ? jimmy come on . ease off the girl . Bobby spring from the bed , grab something as he rise . Danny and Jimmy suddenly stare at a speargun which be load with two stainless steel spear . Bobby stand there alternately point the speargun at Jimmy , then Danny . bobby do you bring the plastic man ? Bobby nod towards something behind Danny . Danny and Jimmy do not move or speak . bobby ( cont would ) do you bring the plastic man ? ( beat ) do you bring the plastic man ? Bobby rub he nose . bobby do ... you ... bring ... the ... plastic ... man ? danny Nah , we do not bring them . that 's just you good crank talk , brother . Bobby tilt he head . danny ( cont would ) we be hope to catch a few ourselves if you will hook we up . bobby ( calmer ) you bring the plastic man ? danny like I say . jimmy fuck man . come on , Bobby . bobby Bobby , Bobby , Bobby . rhyme with ... ( he draw a blank ) danny hobby ? Bobby twist a smile , revealing speed - blacken tooth . bobby that 's a good man . I like that . danny ( calmly ) hey , Bobby , look .. what you get go with you old lay , it 's none of we business . we be just a couple of dope fiend try to score . Bobby lower he speargun . bobby two eight ball ? Jimmy breath a sigh of relief . ext . cheap motel room - day Danny and Jimmy exit the room , close the door behind they . Danny look at Jimmy . danny Nice dealer you get there , Jimmy . jimmy oh ... that . ah , he be just juice . he would not have do nothin ' whap , whap ! two spear plunge through the cheap door , stop inch from Danny 's head . they run like hell . ext . sky - day time lapse . the sun plunge down . the sky turn black . the moon race up and down . the sky lighten . the sun race up and down . night come again . int . party house - night everyone crash . jonestown , post Kool - Aid . it look like they have all simultaneously fall asleep where they be stand or sit . Danny stir awake . look around . he stretch . knocking over a bottle of Beer . all other SOUND fade out as the beer splatter to the floor . it be unnaturally loud . danny stare intently at the spilling liquid . the beer pool up on the floor . Danny transfix by the image . the last few drop of beer loudly splash down . ext payphone - night Danny on the phone . danny c.i. number 678-43k -107 ( beat ) tanner and garcetti he hang up . ext . alley - night Danny wait in the shadow . a car , san headlight , pull into the alley and stop . Danny emerge from the shadow , open the back door and lay on the back seat . int . car - same two guy in suit in the front , tanner and garcetti . tanner . blue eye and shave head , a air of ex-military around he . garcetti : swarthly and serious , a miasma of bad - ass attitude . danny ( lie on the back seat ) I have get a hot one . tanner you go , boy . danny if it 's all the same to you , I would rather not dish right here in the middle of crankville . tanner drive out of the alley . tanner feeling the paranoia tonight , be we ? danny well , you know what they say , just because you be paranoid , do not mean everyone 's not out to slice you ball off and shove them down you throat . ext . part - night Danny , tanner and garcetti outside the car in a desert park . Danny pace . tanner you get a name ? danny Bobby , rhyme with hobby . tanner what ? danny never mind . dude have a backfull of jailhouse tatt . quick flash of bobby's tattoos . tanner no last name ? danny it be all pretty informal . do not have a lot of time to exchange pleasantry . garcetti produce something from the front seat of the car and trudge over . garcetti this the guy ? danny it speak ! the humorless garcetti hand Danny a " wanted poster " . Bobby 's mug shot glaring . danny that 's he . he 's a lot prettier in person though . garcetti cut to the fuck chase , flynne . danny dude be bugging . transparent spider , plastic man - the whole nine yard . garcetti what 's he hold ? flashback - int . cheap motel room - day Bobby 's hand extract the eightballs from a nylon bag full of meth . danny ( o.s. ) couple of eightballs , maybe more . quick shot of a open drawer . a gun can be glimpse inside . danny ( cont would ) cheap ass techno knockoff in the drawer with extra mag . another quick glimpse of the closet . a shotgun butt visable danny ( cont would ) 12 gauge in the closet . tanner ( o.s. ) any company ? the woman' hand protrude from underneath the mattress . danny ( o.s. ) alas , the lovely Mrs. Bobby be play the bologna in a posturpedic sandwich ( beat ) and there be a kid . a silhouette visible through a crack in the bathroom door . tanner ( o.s. ) a kid ? be you sure ? a beat -up elmo doll and some coloring book on top of the dresser . ext . park - night back on Danny . danny yeah . pretty sure . ( beat ) oh yeah ... he have a spear gun , too . tanner God damn , flynne , you be one observant tweaker . danny somebody have to help you lazy bastard . garcetti look at Danny with contempt . they head back to the car . danny ( cont would ) hey tanner ... you be careful , okay ? tanner Danny , I be touch . danny do not be . I be worried about the kid . garcetti then why do not you help the kid when you be there ? danny hey , you want I to do all you work for you , numbnut ? garcetti throw Danny up against the car . nose -to-nose . garcetti I will tell you why you do not help - because you be a chickenshit tweak snitch . you be a bottom feader , flynne . danny garcetti , you be tooth , they be fuck perfect . garcetti let Danny go . stomp off . danny you be welcome . ext . cheap motel room - day a gaggle of onlooker , include a news crew , watch from the parking lot . bobby's woman scream at the top of she lung as she try to get a Bobby 's sheet - cover body . a swat team pack up nearby . one of they suddenly do a graceful little tai- chi gesture . a little girl clutches at the scream woman 's leg . reveal danny , amongst the onlooker . his expression give nothing away . a ribbon of blood snake from Bobby 's body , over the parking lot curb and run into a storm drain . as the blood splatter to the bottom , mixing with a pool of filthy water . the SOUND be unnaturally loud . int . residential HOTEL - gardena - night . the place cry out " you have finally hit the absolute bottom ! " Danny exist the stairwell and approach he door . a woman one door down from danny's room struggle with she grocery . when she go to open the door , one of the bag break , spilling its content onto the floor . Danny walk over . danny ( approach ) let I help you with that . she scoops up the grocery and hurry into she room . slam the door behind she . danny ( cont would ) ( loud through the door ) and to think miss manner be live down the hall from I and I do not even know it ! there be a can on the floor . Danny bend down to pick it up . danny ( cont would ) hey , you leave a can of ... he look at the can . insert - can the label be in chinese . danny ( cont would ) ... some chinese look shit out here . no reaction . danny ( cont would ) I will just leave it by the door here . ( beat ) I be go now ! after a moment , the door swing open . Danny be hold the can out with a big smile on he face . danny ( cont would ) you really oughta be more careful . this be not a good neighborhood . the woman smile . a pretty smile . sad too . woman I be rude . I be sorry . I be kinda new around here . danny you do the right thing . ( hand the can over ) what be this stuff anyway ? woman ferment soybean curd . danny yummy . she smile again . World -weary . sweet . that eye . sad. sexy . sad and sexy . danny ( cont would ) my name be Danny flynne . ( off she silence ) and you be ? woman Colette aragon . thank you , Danny . she close the door abruptly . int . residental HOTEL room - night the burn room from the open scene . Danny 's dirty clothes on the bed . he emerge from the shower , a towel wrap around he waist . there be a big STAR - shape scar on Danny 's shoulder . he walk over to the closet , take a metal lockbox from the top shelf and put it on the bed . pull a key from he pocket and unlock the box . he sit there stare at the content for a moment , then gingerly take they out ... ... clothes . a white dress shirt , black slack and wingtip . int . residential HOTEL room - night Danny dress in he clothes , comb he hair . he go back in the lock box and pull something else out ... ... a trumpet case . he walk over to the cheap vanity and sit down in front of the mirror and star for a very long time . danny my name be Tom Van Allen ( beat ) I play the trumpet . he slowly open the trumpet case revealing a gleaming horn inside . run he finger along the length of it and up to ... ... a photo of a woman tape to the inside of the lid . a self - conscious smile on she face like she 's uncomfortable with have she picture take . danny ( cont would ) ( distant ) my name be Tom Van Allen . I play the trumpet . he take the trumpet from the case - a check from a life insurance company and a driver' license with Danny 's picture and the name tom van allen . danny ( cont would ) my name be Tom Van Allen and I play the trumpet . he start to play . " saeta " again . a image appear on the blank wall beside he . move off danny and up to the image . in the image - a huge lake in the middle of the desert . continue moving in on image as we CUT to ... ext . salton sea - sunset ( flashback ) Danny and the woman from the photograph sit on the shore . watch the sunset . she be he wife , liz . Danny play " saeta " on he trumpet . Danny and Liz be alone , except for the myriad bird , silhouett by the fall sun . a gust of wind rush across the lake , blow Liz 's hair all around she face . a die fish on the waterline , gill pump for oxygen . Danny finish play . silence . important : danny will be known as tom in this scene . liz that 's so ... ( not finish the word ) danny / tom melancholy ? liz yes , it hurt my heart . what a beautiful composition . danny / tom and the performance ? liz ( goof ) a virtuoso rendition . tom van allen be nothing short of dazzle in he interpretation of mile Davis ' haunt , moody piece . danny / tom thank you . thank you very much . liz and he have a really hot ass with hardly any hair on it . danny / tom again , I thank you . liz I be talk about mile . Danny playfully tackle she to the ground . danny / tom you , madam , be a heartless wench . liz and you have get wiener breath . danny / tom really ? liz it 's that disgusting hot dog you have for lunch . Danny start kissing she over and over again . liz ( laugh ) Tom ! Gross ! she finally push he off . he roll off of she and snuggle up next to she , spoon she in the sand . danny / tom you know how I make that song melancholy when I play it ? I think of what my life would be like without you . Liz smile , snuggle closer to Danny . liz Tom , let 's spend the night here . danny / tom there 's no motel around here . liz no . right here on the beach . come on . let 's do it . int . residential HOTEL room - night Danny sit at the vanity hold the trumpet . the image be still projected on the wall behind he . danny ( at the vanity , whisper ) okay , we will stay . we will stay . now the danny in the image answer .... danny / tom ( on the beach ) come on , Liz . we will get eat alive . danny ( at the vanity , softly ) no ... we will stay . back on the image as Danny and Liz walk away from the shore . the sun sink completely below the horizon . a long fish hawk float on the last of the thermal . the die fish breath its last . Danny ( at the vanity ) close he eye . series of quick cut the trumpet go back in the case . the lid be close . the case go back in the box . the neatly fold clothes be laid on top . the box go back to the shelf . the light in the closet be turn off . fade out . fade in . ext . deserted park - night Danny and tanner sit across from one another at a picnic table . tanner write serial number down as he count out several hundre dollar bill . Danny watch silently . tanner put the bill in a envelope , lick the flap , seal it and slide it over to Danny , who do not touch it . the envelope lay there between they for the follow conversation . danny you think I be a juda ? tanner hard to compare the people you be take down with the Lord . danny garcetti think I be a pile of shit . tanner garcetti think everything be shit . he do not even like dolphin . Danny smile . tanner ( cont would ) I be serious . he hate them . you ever hear of anyone who do not like dolphin ? tanner shake he head and smile . danny thanks for not judge I . tanner it 's not my place . danny do not you wonder why I do it ? tanner the money ? the drug ? keeping yourself out of jail ? I know the drill . danny you do not find that repugnant ? tanner just the way the world work . look , as far as tweaker go , you be not a bad guy . you never hurt anyone but yourself as far as I know . danny tell that to Bobby ... and he wife and kid . tanner Bobby laid he own track . he could have go quietly but he play the hard - ass con till the end . and as far as I be concerned , he wife and kid be a hell of a lot better off without he . ( beat ) now take the money . Danny stuff the money into he jacket . tanner ( cont would ) one think I do want to know be how the hell do you get yourself into this position to start with ? you seem like a smart enough guy . danny it 's a long story . maybe I will tell you all about it some day . garcetti emerge from the men' room , zipping up . danny ( cont would ) hey , garcetti ... you ever get confuse and try to flush yourself ? garcetti ( all business ) you tell he ? tanner I be get to it . danny ( to tanner ) tell I what ? garcetti I will tell he . danny ( worried ) tell I what ? garcetti sit down next to Danny . sigh . garcetti ( mock concern ) Danny , it 's really pain I to have to tell you this , but do you remember domingo , that wetback you help we put away for trafficking a few month back ? danny yeah . what about he ? garcetti turn out he 's connect . danny to who ? garcetti the mexicali boy danny and what do this have to do with I ? garcetti put he hand on Danny 's shoulder , really play it up . garcetti he know somebody ratted he . danny what ?! garcetti and he 's make a lot of noise about have he homy hang a colombian necktie on whoever it be . garcetti lean in close garcetti ( cont would ) you know that thing where they slit you throat and pull you tongue out of the hole . Danny knock garcetti 's hand away and stand up . garcetti stalk he . garcetti ( cont would ) apparently they call it a necktie because it hang down about yay long and look very similar to a tie . be not that weird , Danny ? be not that weird ? danny shut up , garcetti ! Danny turn to tanner danny if he find out it 's I , I be a dead man . tanner Danny , he be not gonna find out it 's you . domingo be a slinger , he must have sell to hundred of different people . Danny pace back and forth . tanner ( cont would ) and if you be that worried about it , maybe you ought to get out of town . danny how the hell be I gonna do that ? you guy be still string I a long on that possession charge . garcetti ( mock surprise ) you mean that have not be clear up yet ? garcetti chuckle at Danny 's fear danny fuck you , garcetti . I be at this for almost a year . I have do everything you guy have ask of I . garcetti anyone ever ask you to be such a disrespectful smart - ass all the time ? tanner look , we will talk to the a.d.a . danny when ? tanner soon . I promise . we will get the charge drop and you can disappear . in the mean time , trust I , he have no idea that you ratted he out . ext . cemetery - night Danny sit cross-legged in front of a gravestone . a pickup truck slowly wind its way up the access road towards Danny . Danny stand up . dust he pants off . the truck stop nearby . the strain of garth brooks from inside . Danny approach . the passenger 's side window roll down revealing ... ... a bad - assed asian dude behind the wheel . he wear a cowboy hat and a rodeo belt . he look like the chinese marlboro man . this be bubba . a airbrush painting on the door panel - a bad likeness of bubba astride a horse , dress as a cowboy with a huge - breast pamela Anderson - type on the saddle behind he . danny ( check out the painting ) ride them cowboy ) bubba ( southern twang ) you like that ? danny who would not ? bubba first rate , be not it ? danny it 's downright classy be what it be . bubba fire up a cigarette , revealing a pock -mark face . he carry a gun in a tool leather shoulder holster . danny ( cont would ) you consider my presentation ? bubba get in , hoss . we will talk it over . Danny climb in . the window go back up . as the care pull away , we ... ... move back over to the gravestone . the stone read : " elizabeth van allen . beloved wife " ext . the cinder block bar - night a non-descript . cinder block bar . no window . no frill . int . cinder block bar - same Danny sit at the bar , nursing a drink . he look nervous , eye darting around for potential assassin . he have nothing to worry about with this crowd , harmless alcoholics all . Jimmy the Finn enter and approach Danny . Danny signal for Jimmy to go to the back , then get up and follow he , carry two beer . danny Jimmy , you do not look so hot . Jimmy have dark circle under he eye . jimmy I be hurt . danny you on a roll ? jimmy be . I be on the fuck ghost train right now , man . you get anything for I ? danny sorry . jimmy why do it have to feel so bad ? danny you be brain be in reverse mode ... cut off you supply of dopamine . here . have a beer . Jimmy sigh , scratch he arm . they be all scabbed up . danny ( cont would ) you see the crank bug ? jimmy oh yeah . ( guzzle some beer ) man , Danny , how do you keep you shit together so tight ? Danny chuckle . danny that 's a good one . jimmy I be serious , dude . you always seem to be on top of thing , even when you be tweakin' . danny I guess there 's just no substitute for good gene . Jimmy finish he beer . Danny signal to the cocktail waitress for more beer . danny ( cont would ) you hear about Bobby ? jimmy yeah , it 's a pity . truly a pity . Danny smile at Jimmy 's choice of word . jimmy ( cont would ) he be a good supplier . ( get a idea ) you think maybe there 's any drug leave in he room ? you know , like hide ? danny I kind of doubt it , Jimmy . the beer arrive . Jimmy lay into he , down it in one long gulp . Danny slide he over . jimmy so , why would you want to see I ? danny Business . I need to leave town and I find myself in dire need of some cash . jimmy see that ? that 's just what I be talk about . danny what ? jimmy you . you be smooth . you use word like dire and shit . you get language skill , man . danny do not get carry away . jimmy I find myself in dire need of some cash . Jimmy shake he head in wonder . danny you remember that guy you tell I about ... say he could handle a big hook -up ? jimmy yeah , pooh - bear . dude be a big-time cook . I be talk dire . danny I know a buyer . guy 's look for a quarter 's worth . Jimmy frown . jimmy a quarter ? Danny that be not even worth ... danny a quarter of a million , Jimmy . Jimmy 's a drug-addled eye catch a glimmer . jimmy fuuuuuck danny can you man handle that ? jimmy I think so . I mean , we would have to talk to he . danny can you set that up ? jimmy sure . Jimmy suck what 's leave of he beer down . jimmy ( cont would ) what 's in it for we ? danny I be get a 10 % finder 's fee from my man if I can get the right price . jimmy 10 % . that 's ... Jimmy become paralyze by the math . danny 25 grand . you introduce I to you boy , I will cut you five grand out of my take . that 's all you gotta do , just get I in the door . ext . STREET - night Danny walk home . sparse traffic on the street . he walk with he head down and he hand thrust in he pocket . a red car approach from the opposite direction . it slow as it pass Danny . Danny look over . the driver be obscure by the reflect glare of a streetlight , but it be obvious that he be stare right at Danny . Danny play it cool . keeps walk . the red car pull a slow u-turn . Danny haul ass . the red car catch up . 7 Danny run down a service street which run through the back of a series of apartment complex . the red car follow , slowly prowling the street . Danny squeeze behind a dumpster , watch . it be now too dark to see the driver . the car come to a stop . Danny hugging the dumpster tight . another car pull into the tight street , behind the red car . the driver of the other car sound he horn . the red car speed off . Danny walk quickly the other way . int . bare apartment - night a way - too - young black kid stare directly at camera , a array of handggun , knive , rifle and security equipment spread out on the dining room table before he . he be squeeze into a terry - cloth jumpsuit , he body festoon with gold jewelry , he hair all wet jerry - curl . he look like Barry White , Jr. kid mister , I only deal in high - end weapon . all guarantee steal and traceable only to they original owner . all sale be final and all price be negotiable . the kid speak in a husky monotone , completely flat and humorless . he sound like one of that kid sell candy door- to- door with a memorize pitch tell by rote . kid ( cont would ) ( rapid fire delivery ) Glock semi-automatic 9 mm . tenifer matte finish , polymer grip , fix sight , 4 and 1 / 2 inch barrel , 22 ounce , double action and a 10 round magazine . mister , I could hook you up with this gun for the low price of three hundred and " fitty " dollar - well below market value . ( next gun , no pause ) tangfolio semi-automatic . this a 9 mm too - seem to be the weapon of choice - try one and you will understand why . rubber grip , adjustable 3 dot sight , 4 and 1 / 2 inch barrel , 33 ounce . check out the eye-catch extend beaver tail just above the grip . get mad - ass double action and a surprising 16 round magazine . mister , I want to sell you this gun and I can hook you up for the low price of 200 dollar . ( next gun , breakneck pace ) maybe you look for something in a chrome finish . something to impress the lady . this right here be a llama mini- Max .38 Super auto. semi-automatic . Fresh satin chrome , black rubber grip , 3 dot fix sight , 3 and 1 / 2 inch barrel , skeletonize hammer with a extend slide release , eight capacity magazine and single action . mister , I will not lie to you , this gun be not the bomb - it will do the job , kid ( cont would ) but it be not all that . that 's why you can walk out of here with this gun for the incredible low price of one hundred and " fitty " dollar . ( next one ) maybe you look for power , mister . this gun get mad power , mad kick and mad reputation . that 's right , it 's the colt .357 Magnum revolver . rubber combat-style grip , fix rear , ramp front sight , 2 inch barrel . weigh in at a feather - like 21 ounce . 6 shot capacity with double action . mister , if you be look for impact , the Magnum will satisfy all of you need . ( the last gun ) I do not know you , mister , but you look like a man of style so maybe you in the market for a custom piece . mister , it 's you lucky day ' cause this gun get style to burn . you lookin ' at the Les baer custom Premier tactical 45 . Fresh blue finish , deluxe grip , 5 inch barrel , 37 ounce , guarantee to shoot 1 1 / 2 group at a distance of 50 yard . aluminum speed trigger , throat barrel , single action with 12 shot capacity magazine . I could see you with this gun , mister . and I can give it to you for the low price of seven hundred and ninety - five dollar . mister , this be my gun . all sale be final , and all price be negotiable . he finish .... stare at ... Danny and Jimmy , stand there , wide - eye and amaze by the incredible sale pitch . ext . bad neighborhood - night row of decaye stucco apartment building . Danny and Jimmy walk away from one of the structure . Danny pocket the glock he just purchase . he also carry a bullet - proof vest over this shoulder . danny Jimmy , where do you find this people ? jimmy the Del ammo mall mostly . they walk along . jimmy you wanna score some go-fast ? danny not tonight . they continue on . Jimmy look at the vest . jimmy hey , why do you need a gun and a vest anyway ? danny personal protection . it 's a dangerous world we live in , Jimmy , a very dangerous world . int . residential HOTEL - night a trashy looking dude bang on Colette 's door . Danny at he door , fumble with he key , watch the dude . dude ( see Danny eyeball he ) you mad dogging I , bitch ? danny heavens no . I be just admire you boot . the dude look down at this beat - up motorcycle boot . danny do you purchase they locally ? the dude ignore Danny and keep pound on the door . danny ( cont would ) Goodbye now . Nice meeting you . int . residential HOTEL room - night Danny enter . a argument ensues next door between the dude and Colette . the sound of a struggle . Colette scream . the dude yell at the top of he lung . a loud smack . silence . Colette sobbing . the dude talk in hushed tone , contrite . ext . freeway - day a spray paint rusty chevy vega belching black smoke . all of the light be break . int . vera - same Jimmy drive . Danny in the passenger 's seat , look down at ... ... the floorboard , or lack thereof . it be completely rusted out . the freeway rush by underneath . danny you know , Jimmy , you might as well put a sign on the back of this thing ask the cop to pull you over . jimmy you mean , like to throw them off ? danny yeah , that 's what I mean . ( beat ) where the hell do this guy live anyway ? jimmy palmdale danny why do they call he pooh - bear ? jimmy I think on account of he nose . danny you be go to have to explain that one . jimmy he do not have one . danny you be go to have to give I a little more than that , Jimmy . jimmy well , you know how winnie the pooh always get he nose stick in the honey jar ? well , pooh - bear snort so much crank , they have to cut he nose off . he 's get a plastic one though . Danny wonder what he 's get himself into . jimmy ( cont would ) you know , they say he have not sleep in over a year . danny you ever see Queen Elizabeth sleep ? jimmy no ( beat ) you think she 's a tweaker ? ext . pooh - bear compound - day a sprawling old ranch house tuck into the remote hill of the desert . a guy pass out in the front yard . a dog sniff at he , then start pissing on he . he never move . a pile of dead pigeon near the driveway . close on pooh - bear - he do indeed have a prosthetic nose . it almost blend in with he face but not quite , make it that much more disconcert . he take a huge hit of crystal meth from a pipe , hold it , then blow a long exhale . pooh - bear okay , here we go gentleman ... a remote controlled car trundle out of the garage and along the driveway . Inside the car , four piegeon , they body wrap in tape . pooh - bear work the remote control device . pooh - bear ( cont would ) Zapruder ? a guy filming the whole thing with a super - 8 camera . grainy super 8 footage : the pigeon continue along , they stupid eye glaze with confusion . zapruder ready . pooh - bear oswald ? another guy sighting a scope pellet gun . oswald Roger that . pooh - bear grassy knoll ? a third guy aim a pellet gun further down and to the right of " oswald " . grassy knoll ready pooh - bear third shooter ? the third shooter be also armed with a pellet gun third shooter it 's a go . pooh - bear watch anxiously . pooh - bear President Kennedy wave to the crowd , he lovely wife look radiant beside he as they turn into dealey Plaza ... grainy footage : the car make a turn , the pigeon oblivious . pooh - bear ( cont would ) stand by , gentleman . stand by ... ( beat , eye widen ) steady .... steady ... FIRE ! the three man open up simultaneously . grainy footage : a mass of feather fly as the pigeon be hit . pooh - bear pump he fist . pooh - bear ( cont would ) yes ! yes ! ( beat ) out ! that 's a wrap . good job , boy . good job . the car continue roll past the foot of ... ... Danny and Jimmy , who have be watch the whole thing from the periphery pooh - bear ( cont would ) ( to Danny and Jimmy ) so ? what do you think ? danny / jimmy ( ad-lib ) - cool . - yeah . interesting . pooh - bear take the camera from " Zapruder " . pooh - bear ( hold up the camera ) I be gonna get this develop and send it to the Warren Commission . danny um , I think the Warren Commission have be close for a while . pooh - bear no shit ? ( think ) fuck it . I will send it to Oliver Stone then . he will get they to reopen the bastard . oswald ( o.s. ) pooh - bear ! we get a problem . oswald be stand over the car , prodding one of the pigeon with he pellet gun . oswald ( cont would ) j.f.k. 's still alive . ( beat ) should I finish he off ? int . pooh - bear house - day pooh - bear and Danny alone in the kitchen . pooh - bear so , Danny , Jimmy tell I you have a proposition for I . pooh - bear pick at a plate of scrambled egg on he lap . danny yeah , I uh , have a buyer who 's look for about a quarter 's worth . pooh - bear crank or glass ? danny the good stuff . can you handle that ? pooh - bear chew he food and nod . pooh - bear I be sorry . would you like a taste ? danny no , I be good . pooh - bear I insist . it 's delicious . just a taste . not want to offend he , Danny concede . pooh - bear shovel some egg into Danny 's mouth . danny not bad . pooh - bear secret recipe . pooh - bear wink and shovel some more down . danny can we talk price ? pooh - bear make I a offer . danny I do not know , 14,000 a kilo ? pooh -bear I deal in U.S. pound , friend . none of that faggot metric crap for I . danny okay ... how about um .. 6,000 a ounce . pooh - bear ( enthusiastic ) hey , okay . Danny look surprised . it be too easy . danny you be serious ? pooh - bear anything for a dear friend . danny but I just meet you . pooh - bear but you be a friend of Jimmy 's . I think of you as a brother already . pooh - bear take another bite of egg . danny so that 's 40 lb . at 6 a pound then ? pooh -bear if you say so . danny pooh - bear , I do not mean to be rude , but I get the feel you be not take I seriously . pooh - bear put the plate down . pooh - bear maybe you be the one who be not take I seriously . danny why do you say that ? pooh -bear I welcome you here with open arm and you get the nerve to low - ball I like some slick use car salesman . danny hey , I be just try to ... pooh - bear ( never lose he smile ) I want to tell you about the last guy who try to jam I up on a deal . danny hey , I do not play that . pooh - bear I be sure you do not . at least I be sure you think you do not . anyway , I want to tell you . it 's a good story , guarantee to break the ice at a party . pooh - bear lean back , grin broadly pooh - bear ( cont would ) dude short I eleven dollar ... think I would not count it till I get home . wrong. ( beat ) you know what I do ? ( beat ) I clamp he head in a vice . quick flash back : low angle slow -motion close - up of pooh - bear stare down at something offscreen , a menace look on he face . pooh - bear ( v.o. ) you should have hear he howling . back to present : pooh - bear light a cigarette pooh - bear then I take a saw all and I cut his skull open quick flash : continue slow motion close up . pooh - bear reach for something offscreen . pooh - bear ( v.o. ) ( calmly ) you know , that saw all really do cut through everything . back to present : Danny get nervous . danny look , you do not have to ... pooh - bear ( cont would ) so I be stand there look at this dude 's brain and I be think to myself , you know , this guy do not really need this thing . I mean , anyone stupid enough to jam I up do not really use they brain to begin with . you know what I be say ? ( beat , dead serious ) so I take it . pooh - bear make a popping SOUND as he illustrate with he hand . quick flash back : pooh - bear look down at something in he hand , he face blossoming into a sick smile . back to present : Danny listen somberly . pooh - bear ( cont would ) Hell , I make better use out of it than he ever do . get it up in my freezer . I take it out from time - to - time , mix a little of it up in my dinner .... ( look at the plate of egg ) ... of breakfast . on the plate - little chunks of gray matter mix in with the egg . pooh - bear smile knowingly . Danny turn pale . pooh - bear 10,000 a pound Danny decide to nerve it out danny now you be insulting I . Nice talk business with you . Danny get up to leave . one of he hand shaking uncontrollably . he steady it with the other hand . pooh - bear 9,000 . take it or leave it . Danny stop . danny I will leave it . eight be as high as I will go . see ya ' . Danny go to leave again . pooh - bear all right , all right . do not get you knicker in a knot . I can live with eight . pooh - bear stand up . pooh - bear ( cont would ) you get a deal . they shake hand . pooh - bear God damn , Danny , you get some nerve . pooh - bear respects that . ( beat ) oh , by the way ... pooh - bear take something from the kitchen counter and toss it on the table ... ... a store- buy package of cow brain . quick flash back : reveal that pooh - bear have be stand at the meat section in a grocery store . he be look down at the package of cow brain in he hand . pooh - bear ( in the grocery store ) hmm. good price . pooh - bear toss the package in he cart and walk away , whistling . back to present : pooh - bear ( cont would ) you want to stay for lunch ? Danny have be have . pooh - bear laugh uproariously . int . vega - day Danny slouched in the passenger 's seat . Jimmy hold out a bullet dispenser of crank . jimmy you want a hit ? danny no. I be good . Jimmy pocket the drug . jimmy can I ask you something ? danny sure , Jimmy . jimmy what do j.f.k. stand for ? danny John fitzgerald Kennedy . jimmy be he the president ? danny yes , Jimmy Jimmy drive for a while , then ... jimmy Danny ? danny yes , Jimmy . jimmy thanks for not laugh at I . int . cinder block bar - night a dapper old man in a wheelchair croon a muzak -like version of Lou reed 's walk on the wild side on a cheapo karaoke set - up in the back of the bar . old man ( softly , a la perry como ) sugar plum Fairy never once give it away . everybody have to pay and pay ... Danny , Jimmy , kujo and creeper sit in a booth . Jimmy and creeper be amp , jaw grind , eye bugging . kujo ramble on but Danny be not listen . he look exhaust , he face be pinch , there be bag under he eye . he scan the bar , stop on ... ... Colette and her trashy dude boyfriend Colette see Danny look . smile at he . Danny return the smile until the trashy dude look over . Danny look away . kujo Danny , listen up . here 's the deal ... my wife 's pimp know a guy who work at cedar sinai medical lab . they be get a very special delivery a week from this Friday . jimmy what be it , drug ? kujo better than drug . kujo lean in and lower he voice kujo Bob hope 's stool specimen ( beat ) we be gonna boost it . danny why in God 's name would we want to do that ? kujo so we can sell it . danny to who ? kujo I do not know . a collector . fuck Danny , it 's Bob hope . creeper he be a national treasure . Danny shake he head in amazement , then look back at Colette again . she sneak another look at he . on the table - kujo slide a drink glass in front of he . kujo check it out . this be the lab . int . hallway - day ( flash forward ) a stark hospital hallway . a placard on one of the door - medical lab . a title appear - " kujo's big heist " int . cinder block bar - night creeper point at the glass . creeper what be that ? kujo it 's the lab . creeper I mean what kind of drink ? kujo Cuba libre jimmy what be that ? rum and coke ? kujo do not worry about it . jimmy I just want to be straight on the detail . can I taste it ? kujo no , you can not taste it . it 's the fuck lab ! now shut up . Danny amused by the conversation . he see something out of the corner of he eye ... the boyfriend kissing Colette roughly . she obviously be not enjoy it . Danny watch intently . kujo ( cont would ) Danny , come on . if I be gonna let you in on the opportunity of a lifetime , the least you can do be pay attention . Danny turn back to the table . kujo slide another glass over . kujo ( cont would ) this be the courier creeper you should use something smaller . he 's the same size as the office . it do not ring true . kujo roll he eye . he use a peanut instead . old man ( o.s. ) and the color girl sing doot - de- doot .... int . hallway - day ( flash forward ) a courier exit from the elevator carry a medical sample case . kujo ( o.s. ) he deliver at four o'clock on the nose every Friday . Alpha team will be in the elevator with the courier . that will be Danny and creeper . move into the elevator - creeper stand in the corner alone , asleep on he foot , drool trickle down he mouth . kujo ( cont would ) every member of the team will be equip with night vision goggle , a police scanner and two - way radio . the elevator door close on the dosing creeper . int . cinder block bar - night he slide over two peanut behind the courier peanut . kujo ( cont would ) ... number two team , which will be I and Jimmy , will be position in the stairwell at the other end of the hall . kujo slide over two more peanut . the trashy dude head into the bathroom . Danny sneak another look at Colette . this time , she give he a big smile . int . hallway - day ( flash forward ) kujo emerge from the stairwell , also alone , approach the courier . he be wear short , a tank top and after-ski boot . he have a big powdery crank donut around he nostril . kujo ( cont would ) with alpha team follow from the elevator , number two team will approach from the stairwell , cut the courier off before he reach the lab . creeper still fast asleep inside the elevator . he wake with a start , break down into a karate stance . int . cinder block bar - night the courier peanut be now surround by the other peanut and the cashew . kujo ( cont would ) facing superior number and a array of high - tech weapon , the courier will have no choice but to comply with we demand . int . hallway - day ( flash forward ) kujo and the courier play tug -of - war with the case . kujo point a dustbuster vacuum at the courier like it be a gun . int . cinder block bar - night Jimmy listen intently , take some of the peanut . kujo Jesus Jimmy , you at the alpha team . jimmy I think you be do . Jimmy pull peanut paste from he mouth and mound they up on the table . old man I say hey sugar , take a walk on the wild side ... kujo ( cont would ) now here 's the beautiful part . the getaway . both team will rappel right down the center of the stairwell , change clothes and walk right out the front door like nothing happen . int . hospital - day ( flash forward ) kujo tumble head -over-heal down the metal step . he get to he foot , a bloody mess . the kit have sprung open , send shit sample everywhere . kujo quickly scrape as much as he can back into a container and run off . ext . cedar sinai - day ( flash forward ) kujo bolt out the front door , into the street and directly into the path of ... ... a oncoming ambulance , which drag he underneath for a good fifty foot . int . cinder block bar - night Danny watch as the trashy dude exit the bathroom . kujo so what 's it gonna be , Danny boy ? you in or out ? trashy dude go to Colette . it look like he want to leave and she do not . kujo ( cont would ) Danny ! trashy dude grab she by the back of the neck , lift she off the stool and push she out the front door . danny ( watch Colette ) I be afraid I be gonna have to pass on this one , boy . Danny watch she exit . int . residential HOTEL - night ( later ) Danny approach he door . stop . Colette be sit in the hall , head in hand , sobbing . Danny start to say something . stop . go to this door . stop again . danny you okay ? she nod . danny ( cont would ) well ... good night then . Danny start to enter again . stop again . danny ( cont would ) why be you out here ? colette quincey , my boyfriend ... he kick I out . Danny be not quite sure what to do . he take a half - step towards she . danny look ... I would like to help you out ... but I really do not want to get involved . colette I understand . thanks anyway . she look up . that face . that eye . everything about she say " get involved . " int . coffee shop - night Danny and Colette in a near- desert retro coffee shop . a lone waitress and cook mull behind the counter . Colette 's mascara be run . Danny hand she a napkin . colette thanks . she dab at she eye . colette ( cont would ) I be so embarrassed . danny do not be . she look at herself in a compact mirror . colette Jesus , I look like a raccoon . danny I be think Alice Cooper . she put she head in she hand . sigh . colette oh God . danny come on , cheer up . it could be worse . she look up . colette how ? danny I do not know .... you could be stake you financial future on steal Bob hope 's stool specimen . she laugh danny ( cont would ) see . no matter how bad thing be , there 's always someone a little worse off . colette what about the guy on the very bottom ? danny leave I out of this . colette that bad , huh ? Danny hold up he water glass . danny nevertheless , I still try to see the glass as half - full . he take a sip . danny ( cont would ) Problem be , it 's usually half - full of something that taste a lot like urine . he pull a face . set the glass down . colette could be worse . ( beat ) oh sorry , forget who I be talk to . danny ouch . Colette sip she coffee . Danny look around nervously . danny ( cont would ) hey , do I mention that I be a coward ? Colette frown , not sure what he mean . danny ( cont would ) quincey . you sure he be not gonna come look for you ? colette do not worry , he 's probably pass out with he head in the toilet by now . danny this man sound like a real catch . colette oh , he 's a keeper all right . danny Colette ... he stop . colette what ? danny nothing . colette go ahead . danny look , it 's really none of my business but why do not you just dump this guy ? colette it 's not that easy . danny do not tell I , down deep he 's really not a bad person and you do not want to see he get hurt . colette who the fuck be you , Dr. Joyce Brothers ? ( beat ) I hate the son-of - a-bitch . danny then leave . colette I can not . danny why not ? colette you do not understand . danny there 's nothing to understand . the guy be a pig . colette I can not leave . danny you get off on abuse or something ? colette fuck you . danny then why do not you leave ? ( beat ) just give I one good reason . colette because he will kill I . the waitress and cook look up . colette ( cont would ) be that simple enough for you ? danny why do not you call the cop ? colette why ? they do not hold he for more than a day or two . danny that 's long enough to get out of town . colette I can not . I have get a kid . she life with my parent . quincey know where they live . Danny chew it over for a second then ... danny then make sure he get put away for longer . colette how ? Danny hesitates , not sure of how much he want to get involved . colette ( cont would ) tell I how . danny I do not know . ( beat ) let I think about it . ext . STREET - night urban blight abound int . burned out build - night the grafitti-filled , cluttere shell of what use to be some sort of office . bubba the asian cowboy sit on a desk . Danny pace back and forth in front of he . bubba ( Texas drawl ) I wanna do a small buy first . ten thousand . we will see how it go . danny why ? the guy be ready to deal now . bubba because I do not know he and I do not really know you , partner . danny now that 's down - right insulting . bubba I will have to live with that . my money my risk , my rule . bubba take a plastic - wrap bundle of money from he pocket . toss it on the table . ext . alley - same tanner and garcetti ensconce in a alley diagonally across the street . garcetti point a long -range parabolic microphone at the burn out building . he and tanner wear earpiece , which be attach to the mike . danny ( o.s. ) ( filter , break ) I guess I do not have a hell of a lot of choice . bubba ( o.s. ) ( filter ) get use to it . you be in a very tenuous position on the food chain , hoss . garcetti remove he earpiece and turn to tanner . garcetti you think what I be think ? tanner yeah . this could be the one we be look for . ext . burned out build - same bubba exit the building and disappear around the corner . int . burned out build - same Danny now alone . he pick up the bundle of cash . turn to leave when ... ... tanner and garcetti enter the building . Danny turn and run the other way . tanner hold it right there , flynne . Danny stop . danny Jesus , you almost give I a heart attack ! Danny secretly pocket the bundle of cash . danny what the hell be you do here ? tanner question be , what be you do here ? danny I be try to score some dope . tanner cut the shit , flynne . danny someone want to tell I what the hell be go on here ? tanner okay , asshole , you wanna play , we will play . tanner take out a pair of black leather glove . danny ( serious ) what do I do ?! tanner approach he . Danny back into a corner . danny ( cont would ) this be a joke , right ? you put he up to this , garcetti ? garcetti be mum . tanner raise he fist . Danny cover he face . danny ( cont would ) come on tanner ... do not ... tanner start swinging but something unexpected ... tanner hit like a wimp . the punch have absolutely no effect . Danny can not help it . he start laughing . tanner throw some more creampuff . garcetti shake he head with shame . tanner ( shriek , fail ) you think this be funny motherfucker ? danny ( still laugh and cover up ) I can not help it , tanner , you hit like a fuck girl . this make tanner even madder . his punch become wilder and even less effective . danny garcetti , do something . garcetti tire of the whole show . he pull a small SHOCK gun from he pocket , switch it on and stick Danny behind the neck with it . Danny crumple to the floor . tanner kick he in the face . garecetti squat down next to Danny . garcetti we know what 's go on . danny ( in pain ) I still do not know what you be talk about . garcetti jam the stun-gun into Danny 's crotch . danny howl . garcetti lay off . Danny lay there whimper . garcetti okay , let I help you . you be set up a deal with a chinese redneck . Quarter of a million . garcetti hold up a tap . garcetti ( cont would ) we just listen to the whole thing . Danny gape - mouth . he can not believe it . garcetti ( cont would ) somebody tip up , dipshit . danny Jimmy ? garcetti who the hell be Jimmy ? danny he 's the only one I tell . garcetti and he probably only tell two people and they probably only tell four people and on and one . you know better than to tell a secret to a tweaker , flynne . might just as well broadcast it on the evening news . int . burned out build - night ( later ) Danny sit on a crate . he be sport a black eye from where tanner kick he . garcetti at the desk dusting the plastic wrapper on the bundle of cash for print . tanner pace back and forth in front of Danny . danny I meet the guy at a party . he say he want to do a biggie . he 's new in town so I offer my service . tanner this chink have a name ? danny bubba . tanner roll he eye . danny ( cont would ) I swear . that 's all he give I . Hell , I do not give he my real name either ( off they skeptical look ) he figure the less we know about each other , the better . tanner you better not be blow smoke up my ass , flynne . danny after that ass - whipping you give I ? garcetti suppress a smile . garcetti ( finish up with the bundle ) what 's on the other end of this thing ? danny now that I can help you with . nasty boy ... go by the name of pooh - bear . he 's a chef . check with palmdale p.d. I be sure they be keep box score on the guy . garcetti sound like you hook up with some fine citizen , flynne . danny oh they be all that and the proverbial bag of chip . tanner what be you take down ? danny Standard vig . minus five for a certain blabber - mouth moron by the name of Jimmy the Finn , who 's live proof that natural selection be a flaw theory . tanner look at Danny quizzically . tanner do you really think you be slick enough to pull this off ? danny look man , I just want to make some dough and disappear . I do not want to wait around for domingo to figure out who double back on he . Danny hold he hand up danny ( cont would ) but now I have see the error of my way . I will just walk away ... call the whole deal off . garcetti wrong . he toss the bundle of cash to Danny . danny you mean you want I to roll on this guy ? they silence be answer enough . danny ( cont would ) no. no way . this guy catch a whiff and I be a fuck bag of bandini . tanner you have get no choice . danny whata you mean I have get no choice ? tanner well , if you would rather do a stretch in la casa grande ... danny for that old possession charge ? gimme a break . tanner no . you just hand we a new one . we can go Federal on you ass right now : ongoing criminal conspiracy . intent to buy and distribute $ 250,000 worth of crank . what 's the mandatory on that , Al ? garcetti dime , minimum . move off garcetti and over to a wall mount heating vent . move into the vent , then ... ... out of a vent in another room . bubba lurking in the shadow . listen to the conversation through the wall vent in the other room . tanner ( o.s. ) and believe I , word will get out that you be a pro rat . garcetti ( o.s. ) that 's not good in prison . it 's just not good . bubba listen intently . int . car - night Danny hunkere down in the back sea . garcetti sniff the air . garcetti what 's that smell ? danny that would be I . garcetti what would you do , piss you pants ? danny Hell , yes ! what the hell do you expect zap Mr. Johnson with that crackler ? garcetti look back at Danny with a twisted smile . garcetti who would have think it ? Danny " chickenshit " flynne try to go large right under we nose . danny Lay off , garcetti . I be not in the mood . garcetti no . you have get I all wrong . I mean , in you own pussify way , you actually get some nut in you little sack . tanner bullshit . he 's a liar . danny News -flash , tanner . I be a fuck rat . tanner you think you be so god damned smart , do not you ? the dynamic have suddenly change in the trio 's relationship . tanner be now the bad cop . tanner ( cont would ) well , you play the wrong mark this time , asshole . ext . residential HOTEL - night Danny approach the building , we hear shot ... ... the red car from earlier , prowling the street . Danny duck into a liquor store and watch from the window . the red car cruise slowly past . Danny squinting , try to make out ... ... the license plate number . a street light illuminate the tag momentarily . a vanity plate : iforgiv . Danny frown , not sure that to make of it . int . colette's room - night Colette and quincey lie in bed . the lilting SOUND of Danny 's trumpet wafting in the air . quincey be fast asleep . Colette lay there , eye open , listen to the coolly hypnotic strain of mile Davis ' " generique . " int . residential HOTEL room - same Danny in he good clothes , sit in front of the mirror , play he trumpet , stare at the photo of he wife . int . colette's room - same Colette now sit on the floor of the adjoin wall with she arm around she knee . she close she eye and lean she head against the wall , soaking in the music . int . residential HOTEL room - same Danny continue play . he sneak down a look at ... ... a greet card on the vanity in front of he . the word , " congratulation " print on the front . the flashback imgery appear on the wall behind he again . move from Danny to the image as we ... CUT to : ext . dirt road - the high desert ( flashback ) the car jolting slowly back and forth over the bumpy road . int . car - same Danny drive . Liz in the passenger seat look piss . the salton Sea can be see far below in the distance shimmer under a full moon . again . remember , danny be known as tom in this scene . liz why do not you just ask for direction back there ? danny / tom come on , where 's you pioneer spirit ? liz you mean like the donner Party ? danny / tom hey , do you think you could eat I if you have to ? and if so , which part do you think you would find the most delicious ? liz Tom , quit fuck around . danny / tom okay , okay . ( peer through the windshield ) there 's a house up there . I will go ask for direction . ext . road - same a dilapidate house further up in the hill , light glow . int . car - same Liz see the run-down old house . liz you think that 's a good idea ? danny / tom what do you mean ? liz look at that place . it 's creepy . Danny steer the car onto the narrow dirt approach to the house . danny / tom first you want I to ask for direction , then you do not . which be it ? liz I want you to ask back there . you know , before you get we lose . danny / tom just no pleasing you , be there ? liz just admit you be wrong . danny / tom we all know how much you like hearing that . okay , Liz , I be wrong . there . you happy ? liz quit feel sorry for yourself , Tom . it get old . danny / tom no . you know what get old ? be remind what a loser you be every time you screw up . liz here it come , poor Tom . danny / tom but that 's okay , Liz , you be the one with the steady job , you pay all the bill . I be just a unemployed musician . you have every right . liz that be so unfair . Danny stare straight ahead , steering the car towards the house . danny / tom my sentiment exactly . liz why be you do this ? Danny do not answer . liz ( cont would ) I never once ask you to stop play . I would not dream of it . so do not take you low self - esteem out on I . Danny continue to ignore she . liz ... Tom ... screw it . tell I when you be ready to apologize . int . residential HOTEL room - night danny lie on the bed , relive the moment . the image still projected on the wall . danny ( on the bed , whisper ) I be sorry , Liz . I love you and I be sorry . but the danny in the image never answer . int . residential HOTEL room - day it be raining bucket outside . Danny sleep soundly . the roof of Danny 's room be leak , puddling up on the floor near he bed . Danny 's eye pop open . he lay there rigidly . listening to the water . all other SOUND fade out as the water patter and puddle on the floor . it be unnaturally loud . int . cinder block bar - night the bar be almost empty . Danny quietly play chord on a beat - up old upright piano in the back of the room - the through - line of Davis ' " all blue . " colette ( o.s. ) this seat take ? Danny look up . danny oh. hi. colette what happen to you eye ? danny turn out I be allergic to steel - to boot . go figure . ( beat ) by the way , I be not look for a match set . ( off she puzzle look ) where 's quincey ? colette do not worry . he 's out of town . danny how far out of town ? colette trust I . we be safe . Colette sit down on the piano bench next to Danny . colette ( cont would ) please keep play . he continue . she sit there listen for a few moment . colette ( cont would ) that 's nice . what be it ? danny mile Davis . " all blue . " colette never hear of he . danny just a fuck - up guy who play beautiful music . colette like you ? danny Nah . I be strictly minor league ... except for the fuck - up part . Danny continue to play . danny dude play he soul right out the end of the horn . no false note . always honest . colette and you admire that ? danny it 's the only way to play . Colette slide closer . colette be that how you play ? danny I try . colette no false note ? she pull even closer . colette no deep dark secret ? she go to kiss he . Danny stop play . pull away from she . danny ( cold and abrupt ) : what be you up to ? colette nothing . danny what do you want from I , Colette ? colette I do not want anything . why be you so suspicious ? danny it get I through the day . colette you really need to lighten up . she put she hand on he leg . colette ( cont would ) just relax . he move he leg away . danny look , I can not help you with quincey if that 's what you be after . colette this have nothing to do with he . danny so you be just attract to I , be that it ? colette yes . why do you find that so hard to believe ? danny how much time do you have ? colette what be wrong with you ? danny how much time do you have ? colette you have get a comeback for everything , do not you , Danny ? you use them like some sort of shield . danny who the fuck be you ? Dr. Joyce Brothers ? colette there you go again . you be nothing but false note . danny you do not like the tune , find another station . colette what be you hide , Danny ? danny therapy session be over . he close the keyboard cover . colette you think you be the only one down here with a sad story ? danny no . but I be the only one with my sad story . ( beat ) and that 's how it 's gonna stay . int . car - day still raining . tanner negotiate the slow traffic . Danny look at a mug shot of pooh - bear . garcetti harlan Dale monty a.k.a. pooh - bear . do five year manslaughter for beat a pimp to death with a electric wheelchair . danny Excuse I ? garcetti several possession charge , but nothing major . danny why do not palmdale p.d. just raid the guy ? garcetti they have . but they never find a lab . tanner that 's because he do not have one . danny whata you mean ? he tell I - tanner guy score dope and dollar from rip off other drug dealer . as least that 's what the word be . danny what 's to stop he from just rip I off then ? tanner that 's probably what he would have do if we have not find out about you get-rich - quick scheme . garcetti you be lucky , flynne . danny funny , I do not feel lucky . garcetti we be coordinate with palmdale p.d. . we will have you sorry ass cover . danny what if he cap I before you can make a move ? tanner golly , I have not think of that . garcetti do not we always take good care of you ? Danny do not look reassure . danny speak of which ... you run that license plate for I ? garcetti you mean the menace red car ? garcetti and tanner exchange a smile . danny what ? be it bad ? tanner I be afraid so , Danny . danny who be it ? garcetti brace yourself . Danny 's eye dart back and forth between garcetti and tanner . danny come on ! who be it ? domingo 's boy ? garcetti worse . much worse . ( beat ) a teacher . garcetti and tanner break out laugh . tanner car be register to a Mrs. Nancy plummer . Danny react to the name , not listen to the rest of what garcetti and tanner have to say . garcetti she 's 57 and she 's be teach third grade for the last 33 year . tanner now that 's scary ! Danny lose in think . garcetti you be paranoid , flynne . I think that crank be finally start to get the best of you . ext . STREET - night Danny wait on the corner . garcetti ( v.o. ) when be the deal go down ? danny ( v.o. ) I be make the small buy tonight ... if I do not get beat to death with a wheelchair or something . if everyone be happy , we will do the big deal later in the week . Jimmy 's vega sputter to a stop in front of Danny . Jimmy get out and hand Danny the key . on the bumpter , a hand - make sign . it read : pull I over . I dare you ! Danny sigh . walk to the back , rip the sign off and get in the car , leave Jimmy with the sign . jimmy you sure you do not want I to go with you ? Danny burn rubber . ext . pooh - bear compound - night Danny be lead towards a trailer by two of pooh - bear men . little bill and big bill . Little Bill be big and Big Bill be little . int . house - same pooh - bear sit in a recliner , obscure by shadow when Danny and he escort enter . a wire cage in the corner , something moving around inside . it too be obscure by shadow . pooh - bear do not look up . he be preoccupy with something in he hand which he be clean with a toothbrush . danny pooh - bear , my man . what 's up ? pooh - bear do not respond . continue brush . little bill he 's blue . big bill comin ' down from a 10 day ride . Danny close he eye . not what he want to hear . danny you want to do this some other time ? pooh - bear ( gloomy and tired ) pull you pants down . danny I be sorry ? pooh - bear pull you motherfuck pants down . Danny look to the two bill for help . danny ( laugh nervously ) come on , guy ... pooh - bear Big Bill . Big Bill pull a 19th century double - barrel flintlock pistol from he jacket and point it at Danny 's head . big bill argh , matie . I be a pirate . pooh - bear Little Bill Little Bill drop Danny 's trousers . Danny about to object when he be start into silence . the saturnine pooh - bear raise he head , illuminate he face . he be not wear he prosthetic nose . a gaping hole where he nose should be . he look like some obscene human bat . pooh - bear hold up the plastic nose he have be clean , inspect it under the light . pooh - bear ( cont would ) introduce he to Captain steub . he pop he nose back into place , but it go on crooked . the bill escort Danny over to the cage . there be a gigantic craze weasel inside . the cage be divide by a large piece of plexiglas . pooh - bear ( cont would ) you will have to excuse he , he be not eat for over a week . the weasel be foam at the mouth . pooh - bear ( cont would ) that and the raby . do not make for a happy weasel . danny ( try to stay calm ) pooh - bear. come on , man . what be this ? ( off pooh - bear 's silence ) it 's I , Danny . I think we have a deal . pooh - bear Big Bill Big Bill push Danny up to the cage , which come up to about waist level . pooh - bear Captain steub think you might work for the police . danny what ?! pooh - bear hold up he hand . pooh - bear do not address I . I do not make the accusation . danny please .. I do not know what you be ... pooh - bear uh-uh-uh ... he point to the cage . Danny look down at the weasel , which be try to gnaw through the plexiglas . danny Jesus Christ . ( to the weasel ) um ... I be not .. Captain steub . I be not work for the cop . the weasel continue to gnaw . pooh - bear he do not believe you . Big Bill . big bill Drop you package in the cage . danny my what ? big bill put you pee-pee through the hole . there be a hole in the top of the cage on the opposite side of the plexiglas from Captain steub . danny this be fuck crazy ! Big Bill pull back the hammer on the gun . big bill yo-ho - ho and a bottle of rum . danny oh fuck ... oh Jesus ... Danny 's eye dart quickly over to Little Bill , who like everyone else , be watch the weasel . Little Bill be wear a big , filthy pea coat with a large tear on the side . Danny still have not comply with pooh - bear 's order . pooh - bear shoot he . danny okay ! okay ! from behind , we see Danny bend slightly , drop he private into the cage . danny ( cont would ) ( eyeing the wild rodent ) oh my God ... oh-my-fuck - God ... Danny try to stay calm , shoot another look at Little Bill who be stand right next to he . pooh - bear now get talkin ' danny I do not fuck do anything ! I swear to God ! pooh - bear lean forward and open the plexiglas partition about half a inch . the weasel bolt for the open , gnash its tooth , try to squirm through . pooh - bear you get something to tell Captain steub , you would better do it now . the weasel squirm and squeal and bang against the plexiglas . Danny use the diversion . he quickly take something from he own jacket pocket and slip it in the hole in little bill jacket between the coat and the lining . no one notice . pooh - bear open the plexiglas even more . the weasel be able to get he head through the hole . he bare he filthy tooth . danny ( rapid-fire ) Captain steub , listen to I . you be after the wrong guy . this be the fuck you should be talk to . he nod towards Little Bill . pooh - bear cock he head . danny ( cont would ) Jimmy tell I that Little Bill 's be short pooh - bear ... settin ' up he own stuff on the side . little bill that 's a pack of discharge . Danny now make eye contact with pooh - bear , who listen intently . danny it 's true . Jimmy see he flash a pimp role at a bar the other night ... say he be dissin ' you ass in front of one of you customer . pooh - bear rise slowly . approach the triumvirate . Danny keep one eye on ... ... the weasel as it continue its assault on the open . pooh - bear man'll say a lot of thing when he 's sport weasel food for a pecker . little bill damn straight . pooh - bear least I can do be check it out though . pooh - bear pull a chrome .45 from he waistband . danny can I pull my dick out now ? pooh - bear limply aim the .45 at Little Bill . pooh - bear ( cont would ) Big Bill Big Bill pat Little Bill down . little bill ( hold up he arm ) go ahead . I get nothing to hide . Big Bill check all of Little Bill 's pocket , come up empty . the weasel have squeeze about a third of the way through the hole . danny can I pull my dick out ? Danny , panicked , eye the hole in the pea coat . big bill he 's clean . Danny can not believe it . but when Little Bill lower he arm , a big roll of cash protrude from the hole . pooh - bear and Big Bill see it immediately . little bill what ? he follow they gaze to the cash . danny can I pull my fucking dick out ?! pooh - bear ( eye on Little Bill ) yeah . Danny extract himself from the cage just as ... ... the weasel bolt through the open and spring for the hold in the cage . int . pooh - bear kitchen - night ( later ) Danny sit at the kitchen table . the scream of little bill audible from the other room . Danny be fiddling with something under the table when he hear pooh - bear approaching . Danny finish up , stuff a roll of duct tape into he pocket . pooh - bear drop a zip -lock bag of meth on the table . danny I ought to just call this whole thing off right now . pooh - bear do not do that . please . or I will kill you . please , Danny . danny what the hell be that ? who tell you I be five - 0 ? pooh - bear no one . it be just a test . I need to be sure of who I be deal with from time - to-time . pooh - bear nudge the baggie towards Danny . pooh - bear ( cont would ) take it easy . you pass . Danny hand over the bundle of cash . pocket the dope . danny do it ever occur to you that someone might cop to something they do not do rather than have they ball chew off by a rabid weasel ? pooh - bear I will keep that in mind . move under the table - Danny 's Glock tape to the underside , out of sight . ext . deserted park - night Danny , garcetti and tanner . tanner do a chemical test on the meth with a field kit . the tester turn a tell - tale blue . tanner we be in business . garcetti good work , flynne . you be a first-rate rat . danny that 's real sweet , garcetti . thanks . tanner we get the 411 on you good old boy . tanner produce a print out from a f.b. I criminal computer file . a mug shot of bubba . the name buford " bubba " nguyen underneath . tanner ( cont would ) nothing local so we run he print through the f.b.i. believe to be a major supplier in Texas . jumped bail on a murder rap last April . danny murder . beautiful . tanner pumped fifty - seven bullet into a police informant . Danny heave a sign and plop down on a bench . danny you know , I be start to think I would rather take my chance with domingo than go through any more of this shit . garcetti do not you hear ? domingo 's dead . Danny look up . tanner take a pig-slicker to the heart . danny Jesus . tanner I think you would be happy . danny yeah . he do not look happy . int . prison - night domingo sprawle face - down on the tile floor of the shower room . blood leak from underneath he . water patter down from the shower head . diluting the pool of blood . the SOUND be unnaturally loud . ext . palos verde - night the red car with " iforgiv " plate park in the driveway of a modest Spanish - style house . int . palso verde - night nancy and verne plummer watch tv . photo of Liz on top of a baby grand piano . a shrine of sort . catholic icons abound : crucifix , virgin Mary 's , needle point prayer . a knock on the door . Nancy get up to answer . nancy who be it ? danny ( o.s. ) it 's Tom . Nancy and verne look at one another . int . palos verde house - night Danny and verne sit at the dining room table . Nancy bring in a pot of coffee . verne eye Danny silently . Danny will not look he in the eye . danny all right , Nancy , how would you track I down ? nancy billy Sutcliffe say he see you at a bar down in gardena a few week ago . Said you look so bad , he barely recognize you . Nancy pour the coffee . nancy ( cont would ) billy 's a cop now , you know . verne highway patrol . nancy he say you be ... the people you be with ... well ... verne Said you be a drug addict . danny maybe I should just go . Danny push away from the table . Nancy grab Danny 's wrist . nancy no . we want to help you , Tom . Danny stay put . nancy ( cont would ) I know everyone deal with grief in they own way . I know how hard it be to find closure . danny closure ? how do you find closure when she killer be still run around out there ? nancy I find forgiveness in my heart for the people who kill my daughter . I give my grief to Jesus Christ . danny be that what you want I to do ? put it all on Jesus ? let he sort it out in the afterlife ? nancy you have get to deal with this sooner or later , Tom . you can not keep hide . danny maybe I be deal with it . nancy I know it 's not my place to pass judgement on you but ... Danny look at the shrine to Liz on top of the piano . danny then why do not I see any picture of I up there ? verne that be my idea . danny you never do like I much , do you verne ? ( beat ) and you can not stand it that I walk out of there alive and Liz do not . you think I be a coward , do not you ? verne 's silence be answer enough . danny ( cont would ) I do not blame you for hat I . at least I understand that . ( back to Nancy ) but forgive the butcher who kill Liz well I be have some trouble with that one . nancy Love you enemy , bless they that curse you , do good to they that hate you , and pray for they which despitefully use you , a persecute you . Danny touch Nancy 's hand tenderly . danny I be genuinely happy that you find some peace , Nancy . but you can not forgive for Liz . no one can . and you can not forgive for I . nancy you hatred make they stronger and you weaker . danny I do not buy that . there 's a place for hatred . ( beat ) do you know that Liz and I get into a argument the night she be kill ? I act like a ass and I never have a chance to apologize to she . do you know what that feel like ? nancy it 's not too late to show she you be sorry . danny how ? verne slam he hand down on the table . verne by not disgrace she memory ! danny what do that mean ? verne you might as well be spitting on she grave every time you put drug up you nose . or do you just conveniently forget that it be drug dealer who kill my daughter ? verne glare at Danny . no forgiveness in he heart . verne ( cont would ) you ever think you might be buy drug from the very people who take she life ? danny you do not understand . verne understand what ? Danny start to say something . stop . danny nothing . it 's ... it 's complicated . I just want you to know ... I be not what you think I be . int . residential HOTEL room - night Danny sit at a table , the lockbox open in front of he . he be endorse the back of a life insurance check . his Tom Van Allen driver 's license lay next to it . a knock at the door danny who be it ? colette ( o.s. ) it 's I . danny I be kind of busy . colette ( o.s. ) please open the door , Danny . he pocket the check and the license , close the lockbox and go over to the door . Colette stand on the other side . her face and arm be black and blue with bruise . danny oh Jesus . he let she come in . Colette look away . danny ( cont would ) Colette ... you have gotta leave . colette we be through that . danny what about a batter woman 's shelter ? you can move you kid in with you . colette I need my paycheck . danny you can still work . colette he know where I work . danny find a new job . colette it 's not that easy . I just get a raise . I need the money . danny you always be this stubborn ? Colette crack a crooked smile . colette from day one . ( beat ) I be a breach birth . they try for hour to turn my little butt around . but I would not let them . danny ass first into the world . colette I be that way ever since . Danny smile . he gently touch she eye . Colette reach up and touch Danny 's bruise eye . colette ( cont would ) look at we . what a pair . Colette lean in to kiss he , but they bump bad eye . colette / danny ouch . they laugh . colette can we try that again ? they kiss again . deep and long . Danny suddenly pull back mid-kiss . danny I can not . Colette go to touch he . he pull away . danny ( cont would ) I can not . colette why not ? danny I just can not . okay ? Danny pace uncomfortably . colette what 's wrong , Danny ? danny look , maybe you oughta ' leave . colette no . I want to know what the hell be go on . danny I can not tell you . Colette come to a slow realization . colette there 's someone else , be not there ? the flashback imagery suddenly flicker to life on the wall behind Danny - the moonligh salton sea . Danny freeze . look up at Colette . danny yes . Colette wait a beat , then turn to leave . danny ( cont would ) do not go . ( beat ) please , Colette . ( she stop ) stay and talk to I , please . something about Danny 's voice - a raw vulnerability - which we have not see in he before . move off of Danny and onto the flashback image . danny ( o.s. ) I be so tired of lie . CUT to : ext . creppy house - salton sea - night ( flashback ) Danny 's car park out front . int . creepy house - salton sea - night a chubby guy sit on the couch in he underwear , watch a mexican western . he sit there with wide eye , grinding he jaw . Danny , Liz and bo , the affable owner of the house , look at a map on the kitchen table . bo what you want to do be go back the way you come and make a leave at the bottom . it will take you right to the highway . danny / tom that 's it ? bo be you Australian ? danny / tom no . bo good . I fuck hate australian . Danny and Liz share a look . danny / tom you get a bathroom I can use before we hit the road ? bo yeah ? first door on the right . it be not that dirty . just kinda ' filthy be all . danny / tom ( to Liz ) you mind ? bo no , I do not mind . that 's how come I tell you about it . danny / tom I be talk to my wife . liz try to make it fast . Danny head down the hallway , Liz look a little uncomfortable . liz ( cont would ) ( try to make small talk ) so . what do you do for a live around here ? bo you know . this and that . on the shelve , sundry item used to distill meth . bo scratch he arm . Liz notice track mark all over bo' arm . he see she look . bo skeeter . they be bad up here . int . bathroom - same Danny pee when he hear another car pull up outside . car door OPEN and close . hushed voice outside the bathroom window . Danny finish up . he step up onto the tub and peak out the bathroom window . through the window - two figure cross in front of the headlight of the car . the engine remains running . Danny frown , not sure what to make of it . he step down from the tub and be just about to exit when the front door be kicked OPEN and shot be fire . voice shout . Danny freeze , not sure what to do . his eye dart around for a weapon . he pick up a large plumber 's wrench and go to the bathroom door . more shot . semi - automatic FIRE . several bullet slam through the bathroom wall , one strike Danny in the shoulder . he slump to the floor . the pandemonium continue in the front room . there be a bullet hole about the size of a fifty cent piece in the wall next to Danny 's head . he put he eye to the hole and look out . danny's p.o.v. through the hole - scan the room . stop on ... ... liz . in the confusion , she have manage to hide from the intruder . she be squeeze into a tiny space between the sofa and the wall . she cling tightly to the curtain , she hand shaking violently . one the curtain ring - pull teach by Liz 's grip . Danny adjust he gaze through the hole . through the hole - scan to the other side of the room . bo and the other guy sprawle on the floor . intruder one stand over they , only he leg visible . back on liz - scared to death , cling to the curtain . the curtain ring be pull to the break point . intruder one let 's go ! intruder two emerge from the back carry a small nylon bag . they start to head out the front door when ... ... one of the curtain ring break with a metallic " ting " . on danny - freaking . his eye shoot back to Liz . silence . listen . then the creaking footstep of intruder one approach . it take a eternity . Liz can not possibly see Danny through the hole but it look like she be stare directly at he , she body rigid with fear . Danny grab the wrench again . tries to get to he foot but slip back down , either too weak from loss of blood or just plain scared . his hand be shaking violently . he look through the hole again . through the hole - Liz still stare at Danny . the footstep contence at a agonizing slow pace , then stop . a gun , ever so slowly , enter frame . extreme close up on Liz 's eye as they widen . extreme close up on Danny 's eye peer through the hole . a shot be fire . his eye close . on danny -his mouth open to scream but nothing come out . and with that it be all over . Danny try to get to he foot again . fail , his eye flutter . all be silent except for a faint liquid spatter . long shot - back on the salton Sea , placid and silvere with moonlight . int residential HOTEL room - night ( later ) Danny and Colette face - to face - in profile , silhouett by the image of the sea . danny she die know that I be a coward ... that I do not lift a finger to help she . collette there be nothing you could have do . she be inch closer to he . danny no , you be wrong , I try to tell myself the same thing but I could have get up . I could have do something . colette they would have kill you too . danny ( finally look she in the eye ) nothing could be worse then this slow death I be live now . Colette put she arm around he and hug he tight . the image of the sea flicker and fade behind they . close on danny -hold Colette . danny ( look up ) Colette ... I want to help you , with quincey . Colette pull back . colette no Danny , do not - danny ( cont would ) but you gotta be serious about it . colette really , I do not want to . danny I want to do this for you . I want to do something good for a change . Danny go over to the dresser . take out a baggie of meth . danny ( cont would ) I want you to hide this somewhere where quincy will not find it . colette what be it ? danny never mind . just do what I say . he hold out the baggie . Colette back away . colette I do not want to . Danny stalk she . danny I be offer you the chance to take care of you problem . take it . ( she still hesitates ) do not make the same mistake I do , Colette . do something while you have a chance . do it for you daughter before something happen . ( beat ) believe I , you do not want to live with this burden . ( firm ) he held the baggie out again . Colette reluctantly take it from he . danny ( cont would ) tommorrow night , when he be asleep . I want you to beep I at this number . he write the number down on a dollar bill . danny will you do that ? ( off she nod ) then I want you to get out of the room . colette why ? danny do not worry about it . just go across the street and watch . you will know when it 's safe to go back . Colette go to protest . Danny put he hand to she mouth the same way she do to he earlier . danny just do it . all you problem with quincey will be take care of . int . cinder block bar - day empty except for Danny and Jimmy in a back booth . Danny slide a envelope over to Jimmy . jimmy what 's this ? danny tem thousand dollar . everything I could spare . ( beat ) it 's for you . jimmy but why ? you only owe I five . and that 's not till after we close the deal tonight . danny you be not come with I . Jimmy look hurt . danny ( cont would ) I need you to do I a favor instead . jimmy okay danny wait till I tell you what it be . jimmy it do not matter . I will do it . and you sure as hell do not have to pay I . Jimmy slide the money back over . danny why ? jimmy you be my best friend , man . I would do anything for you . Danny smile , genuinely touch . danny Jimmy , look , there 's something I have to tell you . jimmy hey , check it out ... Jimmy roll he sleeve up , revealing a tattoo . danny what the hell be that ? on the tattoo : crudley drawn face . jimmy ( proudly ) it 's you ! I do not have a picture or nothin ' so I have to describe you to the guy . not bad though , huh ? Jimmy sit there , admire the tattoo . Danny stare at Jimmy with pity . danny ( cont would ) I really have to tell you something . it 's important . jimmy what ? danny I be not a tweaker . ( beat ) I do not use drug . I never have . Danny be deadpan . Jimmy start laugh danny ( cont would ) I be not joke . Jimmy keep laugh . Danny stare , deadpan , Jimmy slowly stop laugh . jimmy but ... I have see you . danny when ? when do you ever see I use ? jimmy this be not like that Queen Elizabeth question , be it ? danny you ever notice how I always show up , in the middle of a binge ? Left before it be over ? how I sneak away for cap - nap ? how when the crank come around to I , I always say I would just do one ? Jimmy slack -jaw . danny ( cont would ) you ask I how I always keep my shit together . well , that 's how . jimmy no one ever notice ? danny be you kid I ? a bunch of amp - out tweaker ? it be easy . Jimmy be agitate and confuse . jimmy but ... why ? why would you pretend ? danny I can not tell you . jimmy you do not trust I ? danny I do not trust anybody . jimmy and you want I to do you some big favor ? danny ( cont would ) it 's cool . I understand Danny get up to leave . jimmy wait ( beat ) if you do not trust I , why do you tell I that stuff about not use drug ? danny because I do not want to see you end up like kujo and that other loser . ( beat ) I think that maybe if you know that I do not use , you might see it in yourself to go clear . ext . back of cinderblock bar - day ( later ) Jimmy and Danny squinting in the mid-morn sun . they stand face - to - face . danny you mad at I , Jimmy ? Jimmy shrug . jimmy I do not know ... a little . I wish you would have let I in on it from the beginning . danny I be sorry . I could not . Danny tap Jimmy 's arm . danny you know you can get that tattoo remove , do not you . Jimmy rub he arm where the tattoo be . jimmy Nah ... I want to keep it . ( beat ) maybe I can use it for like , inspiration ... you know ... like when I detox ? danny good for you Jimmy . Danny take the envelope from he pocket . danny I really want you to take this . Danny try to hive Jimmy the envelope . Jimmy push it away . jimmy would not be a favor if you be pay I . I will just take my five when the deal be do . danny you be a good man . Jimmy the Finn . ext . park -day tanner and garcetti 's car park on the periphery . int . car -same Danny in the back seat dial a cell phone . a microreceiver attached to the phone . tanner and garcetti listen through earpiece . int . unknown -same bubba answer a cell phone on the other end . bubba yeah . conversation will intercut between two location danny everything go ? bubba yeah . danny just make sure you come alone . this guy will not like any surprise bubba I be not a idiot , asshole . danny I will see you tonight . bubba hang up . Danny turn the phone off . tanner man of few word . Danny hand the phone back to garcetti garcetti nervous ? danny with you clown watch my back ? what do you think ? Danny open the back door . garcetti just make sure you hit the floor when we come in . it could get ugly in there . tanner yeah , I would hate to shoot you by accident . Danny get out of the car . shut the door . ext . car-same Danny watch they drive away . when he be sure that they be go , he look around . see ... ... a plumber' truck park on the other side of the park . int . plumber' truck - same a hispanic guy behind the wheel . hispanic guy he 's come in . as Danny approach the truck , the door slide open . he pile in . voice ( o.s. ) how would it go ? danny you tell I . Danny pull a tiny microphone and wire from inside he shirt and hand it to ... ... bubba , who sit in front of a bank of listening equipment . bubba you ready to go meet the team ? ext . federal build - westwood - day the plumber' truck enter the underground parking lot . int . f.b.i. office -day ten f.b.i. agent in a small conference room , look at ... ... Danny and bubba , sit at the head of the table . bubba be now wear he security badge , which read , special agent tex trahn . he stand up and address the group . and he really do have a southern accent . trahn for that of you who do not know this be Tom Van Allen ... a.k.a. Danny flynne . Danny look self -conscious . trahn ( cont would ) about a year and half ago , Mr. Van Allen 's wife be murder at a meth lab out near the salton Sea . no one be ever apprehend for the crime but local authority have always assume it be a hit and grab perpetrate by rival drug dealer . that be , until Tom here take it upon himself to conduct a one - man undercover operation at great risk to he own personal safety . one of the agent pipe up ... agent one he 's a civilian ? ( off trahn 's nod ) how the hell do you pull this off ? trahn turn to Danny . danny I play the long shot . just get lucky . int . salton sea sheriff' station ( flashback ) - day Danny and detective bookman , a homicide detective , sit at a table . bookman how about the car ? the model ? Danny shake he head . bookman ( cont would ) be it a truck ? s.u.v .? sedan ? danny all I see be the headlight . the high beam be on . bookman not even a guess ? danny ( piss off0 how many time do we have to go through this ? another detective enter the room , hand something to bookman , then whisper into bookman 's ear . bookman nod . bookman ( cont would ) you say one of the perpetrator cross in front of the headlight ... danny yeah , but he be in silhouette . bookman how about in the house ? danny they be wear ski mask . I tell you all of this . bookman do you see he hair color ? danny no , why ? bookman hold up a small plastic evidence baggie . bookman forensics find this on you wife . bookman hold it up to the light . Inside , one bright red hair . on danny stare at the hair , remember something ... ext . salton sea gas station - day ( flashback within the flashback ) Danny put gas in he car , Liz in the passenger 's seat read . on the other side of the pump , a red haire man with a bad comb-over . the brightest , reddest hair you have ever see with a big streak of white running through it . his back be turned . we can not see he face . his arm and hand rest on top of the pump . Danny look at the guy 's hand . a guady CLASS ring on he finger : EL camino college , CLASS of ' 84 . int . salton sea sheriff' station - day Danny stare absently at the red hair in the baggie . bookman what be it ? danny nothing , I be try to remember ... Danny feign frustration . danny ( cont would ) I be sorry ... I do not see he hair color ... I be sure of it . int . f.b.i. office - night agent one why do not you tell he ? Danny look up . danny because I want to find they myself ( beat ) I want to kill they . int . EL camino college library -day Danny sit at a table , poring over a yearbook for the class of ' 84 . various shot of redhead along with they major . Danny continue thumbing through the book . stop . a look of recognition on he face . detail of a photo : a bald red head with a streak of white run through it . Danny stare intently . reveal rest of photo : it be tanner . underneath the photo , he major : criminology . int . EL camino college library - day ( later ) Danny at a library computer . on the computer screen . danny scrolling through a alumnus list , stopping on ... ... tanner , gus , CLASS of 1984 . detective , gardena police Department . ext . gardena police department-day Danny sit on a bus bench across from the parking lot . tanner and garcetti exit the building and head over to they car . Danny watch from behind a magazine as they drive past he . danny ( v.o. ) I swear to God I would have do them right then and there ... but I have to be positive . and even if tanner be involved , I have to be sure about garcetti ext . d.m.v-day Danny talk to a mexican dude on the corner . Danny slip the guy some money . danny ( v.o. ) so I become Danny flynne . ext . d.m.v .- day ( later ) the mexican dude hold up something for Danny to see ... ... a driver' license . it be he on the photo , but the name read , daniel flynne . ext . STREET - night on Danny 's last line , we see two car bumper colliding at low speed . tanner and garcetti in the car that have be rear-end . Danny in the offend car , empty beer can scattered on the front seat . ext . STREET - night ( later ) Danny spread -eagle over the hood with garcetti roughly search he . danny ( v.o. ) I drop myself right in they lap . garcetti pull a baggie of meth from Danny 's pocket . ext . deserted park - night Danny , garcetti and tanner at the picnic table , talk . danny ( v.o. ) I give up whoever they ask for , whenever they want . I be a fuck dream rat . but the whole time I be size they up , look for any evidence that they be the guy who kill my wife . ext . apartment build - night Danny watch from the shadow as tanner and garcetti haul a dope dealer away in cuff . danny ( v.o. ) but they do everything by the book . f.b.i. office -day danny I know that if this be the guy I be look for , I would have to set up a deal so sweet , they would not be able to walk away from it . trahn that 's when he call I . he tell I he story and he pitch I a plan . danny this guy be smart . I know they would not hit a deal unless they know all the player . I need a big buyer . ext . rooftop -night tanner and garcetti watch Battle enter the building . trahn ( v.o. ) we have one of we c.i. 's call tanner and garcetti with a " anonymous " tip about the deal . tanner ( the line take on a whole new meaning ) this could be the one we be look for . int . police station - day garcetti scan the print he take from the plastic wrapper . a computer screen - the f.b.i. fingerprint database . a match be made . bubba / trahn's photo appear , along with the pertinent information . battle ( v.o. ) ... I dumped a dummy file into the system . they take the bait and we be off to the race . int . f.b.i. office -day another agent kick in . agent two how sure be you that you be not chase two good cop ? I mean all you have really get be one red hair . that 's still you only evidence . trahn not anymore . we tapped this guy ' phone and computer at gardena p.d. tanner and garcetti do not report on this deal . not a peep . they have not coordinate with palmdale p.d . they be keep it off the book . it look like we have get the right guy . ( beat ) we will find out for sure tonight . int . f.b.i. office -day ( later ) the meeting break up . trahn walk Danny away from the conference room . trahn how you hold up ? danny I be fine . Little nervous ... little disappointed that I do not finish this myself . trahn hey , you do the right thing . you would not have stand a chance against this boy by yourself . they have eat you ass alive . Danny 's pager start beeping . he check the readout . danny oh shit trahn what ? danny can you do I a favor ? this girl I know , she boyfriend 's a real piece of shit -dude 's really jam she up . I promise she I would try to help . Danny pocket the pager . danny ( cont would ) could you call gardena p.d. tell them you get a tip that the guy 's hold ? maybe have them send out a patrol car ? trahn I will see what I can do . int . bank -day Danny at the counter with a big gym bag . a teller count out stack of money . the life insurance check lay on the counter in front of she . we see the amount -- $ 250,000.00 ext . residential HOTEL room -night Colette stand across the street , look at ... ... two cop exite a patrol car . Colette be cry she eye out . she be holding the baggie of meth that Danny give she . the cop enter the building just as ... ... Danny drive by in Jimmy 's car , follow by ... ... two of the agent from the conference room . they remain a good half - block behind he . int . jimmy car - night Danny at the wheel . he be wear a black baseball cap pull down low on he head . danny hey guy ... int . f.b.i. car -same Danny be wire for sound . the agent monitor he on a receiver . danny ( o.s. ) ( filter ) I need to stop for some cigarettes . ext . mini -market-same Danny pull into the market . the agent pull over to the curb , watch . Danny be in and out in no time . he hustle back into he car and drive away . ext . remote location -same tanner and garcetti outside of a car we have never see before . the truck be open . garcetti put a phony license plate . tanner sifting through the trunk . in the trunk - a saw off shotgun , two semi - automatic hanguns , two knive , glove and ski - mask . int . pooh - bear compound - night pooh - bear load a chrome .45 , Big Bill he flintlock . int . trahn's car -same trahn drive on the freeway . he open a briefcase on the passenger 's seat . Inside , he f.b.i. badge , two baretta 9 mm and two payr of hancuff . ext . bluff -night tanner and garcetti negotiate a washboard dirt road in the hill . ext . desert motel - night the vega pull into the lot of a tumbleweed motel in the middle of nowhere . int . f.b.i. car - same the car pass the motel . agent one ( into min-mike ) all right people , head up . Blue team ? ext . desert motel - same two motel maids push a clean cart . they be wear small ear piece receiver . Danny in the motel office , check in . maid one I have get a visual . agent one ( filter ) Red team ? two workmen , repair the motel sign out front . workman one he 's head to he room . the workman watch Danny head into a room at the far end of the facility . as he enter the room ... agent one ( filter ) Black team ? int . adjacent room - same two agent on the other side of the wall from Danny 's room . monitoring with a fiber -optic camera . on the monitor . danny enter and sit on the bed , he back to the camera . int . f.b.i. car - same they continue down the road , away from the motel . agent one okay . it 's all yours . ext . bluff - night tanner pull the car in behind a rock formation on the bluff . int . car - same tanner kill the engine . garcetti check he watch . garcetti half a hour to kickoff . tanner take a pair of night vision binoculars from under the seat . ext . desert motel - night trahn pull into the lot . he emerge from the car with he briefcase , look around , then head down to the room . trahn check he watch , then knock on the door . danny ( o.s. ) it 's open . int . desert motel room - night trahn enter . Danny sit with he back to trahn . on the black and white surveillance monitor next door . trahn you alone ? Danny nod . trahn ( cont would ) any word from pooh - bear ? Danny shake he head . trahn ( cont would ) you okay , hoss ? back inside the room trahn walk over to Danny , who sit there with he head down , he face obscure by a baseball cap . slowly , he look up . it be jimmy . trahn ( cont would ) what the hell ? jimmy Danny tell I to tell you that he be sorry . ( beat ) he say he have to take care of this himself . ext . bluff - night tanner scan with the night vision glass . tanner here he come . reveal that the car be on a bluff above pooh - bear compound . Danny pull up in a rental car . int . danny's car - same Danny 's hand be shaking uncontrollably . danny easy , boy . he look at he hand again . it continue to shake . he take a deep breath . tanner's p.o.v. as Danny get out of the car and go to the trunk . tanner watch . tanner where 's bubba ? garcetti maybe he be not show . Danny take a gym bag out of the trunk and approach pooh - bear 's house . tanner look like flynne 's handle the cash . let 's get into position . they get out of the car and trek down the bluff towards the house . int . pooh - bear house - night Big Bill let Danny in , then pat he down for weapon . satisfied , he lead Danny to the kitchen . in the kitchen - Danny enter and stop . a worried look . pooh - bear along with three other men . the man eye Danny silently . they look like ex-con . danny what the hell be this ? pooh - bear just some buddy . danny this be bullshit . you do not say anything about anybody else be here . pooh -bear what the fuck be you gonna do about it , dickhead ? the other guy snicker , one of they almost spitting he beer out . Danny smile good - naturedly . shoot a look over at ... ... one of the guy sit where he tape he gun earlier . danny come on , man , let 's deal . he throw the bag on the table , knock a beer into the guy lap . the guy spring up , piss off . pooh - bear cool it . we get business . danny yeah , dickhead . Danny move over and plop down in the guy seat . under the table - Danny fumble with the gun , try to untape it without be too obvious . pooh - bear unzip the bag . Inside , a lot of cash . pooh -bear oh my , oh my . ( beat ) Big Bill , come take a look at this . Big Bill be behind Danny , over by the sink . he pull he flintlock and walk over . Danny continue try to get the gun loose . something catch he eye ... ... the microwave oven door be open , casting a reflection of the room behind he . Big Bill approach Danny , point the gun at Danny 's head . the other man ease back from the table a little . under the table - Danny still can not get the gun loose . on the reflection - Big Bill right behind Danny . he raise the flintlock . Danny bugging . he rip at the gun . too late . Big Bill go to fire . use the reflection , Danny duck at the last instant . Big Bill fire . the guy across the table take the mini-ball in the chest . all in a instant - Danny extricate the gun . turn on Big Bill , who see the gun and hold he hand up . Danny shoot twice , the bullet blow through Big Bill 's hand and thumping into he chest . Big Bill crumple . when pooh - bear go to pull he gun from he waist - band , it discharge , shoot he in the thigh . the muzzle flash ignites he pants leg . pooh - bear hit the floor , scream , slapping at the fire on he leg . Danny wheel on the other two guy at the table , who be go for they gun . Danny open up on they with the Glock , flooring they before they can get a shot off . outside - still descend the bluff , tanner and garcetti hear the gunfire . inside - Danny turn on pooh - bear , who sit there stare at he injure leg . Danny put the gun to pooh - bear 's head , close he eye and start to pull the trigger . pooh - bear lift he gun and shoot danny in the torso three time . Danny collapse . pooh - bear get to he foot . pooh -bear oh lordy , oh lordy , oh lordy . pooh - bear do shot himself . he 's in shock . he grab the duffle bag from the table and stagger down the hallway , into the live room . outside - tanner and garcetti at the front door , listen . they pull they ski-mask on , take out they gun , then silently enter . inside - gunsmoke abound . one of the guy moan on the floor . tanner and garcetti enter the kitchen , gun draw and ready . they survey the scene . body everywhere . Big Bill lay there die , stare with confusion at the stigmata in he hand . Danny lie in a heap , next to Big Bill . suddenly , they hear pooh - bear mumbling from somewhere in the house . tanner signal for garcetti to take point . they head down the long hallway , slowly and silently . when they be go ... ... Danny stir on the floor . his eye open . he open he shirt and check he torso revealing that he be wearing he bullet - proof vest . he struggle to a sit position , in great pain from the impact bruise leave by the bullet . he pick up he gun , get up on wobbly leg and follow tanner and garcetti down the hall . on danny as he creep down the hall . int . creepy house - salton sea - night exiting the bathroom and creep towards the front room . danny anybody there ? only the splatter liquid SOUND . Danny continue . he stop at the end of the hall . his eye go wide with fear and revulsion . the liquid SOUND become louder and louder until it be all that can be heard . Liz be still in she hide place behind the end of the couch . her head be rest comfortably on the arm of the couch . she look fine . there be even a slight smile on she lip . danny ( cont would ) Liz ? then he notice it ... ... a widen pool of blood seep from under the couch like some live thing . more blood patter down from some unseen wound on the side of she head . Danny stagger towards she . her eye flutter slightly . Danny sit next to she . hold she hand . there be nothing he can do . Liz try to speak . can not . danny I be here , Liz . I be here . she squeeze he hand . then go limp . int . pooh - bear house - night Danny continue down the hall , remember . int . creepy house - salton sea - night ( flashback ) Danny sit there with Liz in a pool of blood . he notice something on the floor ... ... liz' purse , the content spill on the floor . a greet car with a teddy bear and the word " congratualtion " on the front . Danny go over and pick up the card . insert - card he open it ... " you 're a daddy ! " a home pregnancy test tape inside , the read be positive . Danny drop the card . stare down at it as ... ... the blood from the floor pool out and engulf the card . ext . salton sea - night on the placid sea as danny's horrific scream resound from the house in the distance . int . pooh - bear house - night on danny stand in the hallway , stare , he face a blank . on pooh - bear - cooking up a huge dose of meth with a light hundred dollar bill . he draw the meth into a syringe then turn on the stereo with a remote . a yodeling instruction tape blast from the speaker . pooh - bear prepare to dose , look for a vein in he neck , never notice ... ... garcetti 's gun move to the back of pooh - bear 's head . pooh - bear about to plunge the drug when garcetti fire . pooh - bear pitch forward , dead . the syringe fall to the floor . tanner and garcetti stand over he . they pull they ski mask off . garcetti get the bag . garcetti holster he weapon and pick up the bag of money from the floor . garcetti ( cont would ) let 's get out of here . a gunshot . garcetti go down where he stand . he lay there twitching like a rabbit . tanner stare down the sucker 's end of Danny 's gun . tanner Danny ? danny my name be Tom . tanner frown . danny ( cont would ) Tom Van Allen Danny raise he gun . tanner whatever you say , man . look ... can we talk about this ? danny yeah . okay . listen carefully ... ( beat ) you be in the bathroom . you have be shot in the shoulder ... Danny shoot tanner in the shoulder . he collapse to the floor . on garcetti - he eye flutter and open . Danny walk over to tanner and stand above he . danny ( cont would ) ... there 's two guy with mask and gun in the other room about to kill you wife . tanner look at Danny , confuse . danny ( cont would ) but you know if you go out there , they will kill you , too . you will both die . what do you do ? tanner realize what Danny be talk about . danny ( cont would ) do you go out there and die like a man or do you live to fight another day ? tanner do not answer . Danny ( cont would ) what do you do ? still no answer . danny ( cont would ) answer the question ! tanner be ghost white , loose blood quickly . Danny ( cont would ) what do you do ! tanner please ... do not do this ... danny answer the fuck question ! when Danny go to shoot tanner again ... ... tanner pull a k- bar knife from the back of he belt and plunge it into the back of Danny 's gun hand . the gun discharge , miss tanner . Danny drop the gun . tanner snatch it up . tanner immediately have the gun inch from Danny 's head . Danny freeze ... tanner do that answer you question ? ( beat ) I fight . I fight and I die like a man . ( beat ) you be a fuck coward , flynne . you live like one and now you be gonna die like one . Danny look up at the gun , he face a blank . danny ( mumble ) Glock semi-automatic 9 mm ... close on the barrel of the gun . all SOUND fade out . move into the barrel of the gun . the black kide face appear inside . kid tenifer matte finish , polymer grip , fix sight , 4 and 1 / 2 inch barrel , 22 ounce , double action and a ... quick flash of all the shot Danny fire with the Glock . - two at Big Bill - four at the guy at the table - one at garcetti - three at tanner the kid again . kid ... and a ten round magazine ... on danny . still stare at the gun . he know the gun be empty . he notice something on the floor ... ... the load syringe . kid ( cont would ) or do I say eleven ? Danny try to remember . kid ( cont would ) which be it , mister ? be it ten or be it eleven ? ( beat ) pretty big fuck difference if you ask I . danny start chuckle . look up at tanner . danny it do not matter . Danny look down at the syringe again . tanner see it too . tanner too late to be a hero . Danny pick up the syringe . tanner pull the trigger . inside the gun - moving slowly towards the fire pin as it spring forward toward camera with a loud click . the gun be empty . danny ten it be . Danny jam the syringe into tanner's throat all the way down to the plunger , dosing he with the meth . tanner go down , blood bubbling from he throat around the syringe . his eye roll back as he convulse from the drug . Danny struggle to he foot . tanner quiver from head to toe like some freak - out pentecostal in the throw of a holy possession . Danny pull the syringe from tanner 's throat . a long wet weeze escape . suddenly , a noise behind danny . garcetti stand there point he gun at Danny , rock slightly back and forth , a bullet hole in he cheekbone . he look brain dead . Danny do not move . tanner still wheeze . garcetti look like he want to shoot he gun , but can not . he keep look down at he hand , try to get it to obey . Danny calmly walk over and take the gun from garcetti . garcetti put he hand to he nose and blow out a clot of blood . he look down at he hand . he have hack up the bullet he be shot with . garcetti smile a embarrassed smile at Danny . tanner's wheeze continue . danny ( softly ) you be dead . garcetti nod slightly . he go to a kneel position , then curl up on the floor like he be take a nap and die . Danny go over to the couch and sit down . Danny with he head in he hand , emotionally and physically exhaust . tanner wheeze louder and louder . close on danny's face . blank . devoid of anything . he stuff garcetti 's gun into he own mouth , hand shaking . he take the gun out . stuff it back in again , shove it way down , almost gag on it . the barrel clatter against he tooth . he take it out again . the wheeze continue . Danny start cry . lift the gun halfway again , then drop it . he jump up . go over to the still - wheeze tanner and empty he clip into he . when the clip be spend , Danny keep pull the trigger ... over and over again . he stand there pull the trigger again and again and again and again . fade out . fade in : int . residential HOTEL room - night Danny dress in he " Tom " clothes . he limp over to the bed and pick up the trumpet case . carry it over to the mirror . Danny stare at he reflection . he light a cigarette . danny my name be Tom Van Allen . I be a trumpet player . Danny smile . voice ( o.s. ) Nah , you be Danny flynne . he turn . colette and quincey stand there . quincey hold a nine millimeter with a muzzle suppressor . quincey you be a motherfuck rat . he shoot Danny in the stomach . Danny slump to the floor . his cigarette fall out of he mouth and roll under the bed . Colette freak . colette you say you would not kill he ! she try to go to Danny but quincey stop she . colette you lie to I ! quincey oops . my bad . Danny look at they , confuse , a blood stain blossoming on he white shirt . danny Colette , what happen ? do not the cop ... quincey the cop come . but they do not find nothing . turn out they c.i. game them some bad information . quincey hold up the baggie of drug . Danny look from quincey to Colette . Colette look away . quincey ( cont would ) you fuck with the mexicali boy , this be what you get , home . under the bed - the cigarette smolder on the carpet . quincey ( cont would ) domingo think you might be the one who go rat on he . quincey look at Colette quincey ( cont would ) so I bring in a rat of my own . Danny look at Colette , dumbfounded . danny you set I up ? quincey bitch play you like a squeezebox , Romeo . Danny can not help from laugh at the irony . bead of sweat be form on he blanch face . he look at Colette with a wry smile . danny you be good , princess . I will give you that . colette Danny , it 's not what you think . Danny look down at he bloody stomach . colette I owed they money ... a lot of money ... they do not give I a choice . you know how it work . when I get to know you , I try to back out ... that 's when they do this ... ( she indicate the bruise ) but I tell they I would not do it .. I do not want to see you get hurt . Danny stare at she , not sure what to believe . he look over at quincey . danny she sell I a bill , home boy ? quincey shake he head . quincey Nah , she be not lie . she take a pretty good beat from you , ace . I see grow man crack after a lot less . but not this bitch . ( beat ) it be very touch . danny then why be we here ? colette they threaten to kill my daughter . ( beat ) I have no choice . ( beat ) I be sorry , Danny . Danny look at Colette , imagine the awful beat she must have take . danny it 's okay . it 's okay . ( Danny touch she face . ) ( beat ) God damn , you be beautiful . under the bed - the carpet ignite . the fire spread quickly . quincey Jesus . quincey grab she arm . quincey ( cont would ) let 's go . colette no ! the drape go up in flame . quincey put the gun to the back of she head . quincey you wanna die here with he or come with I ? danny Colette , go . colette I do not want to leave you . danny you daughter need you . go. the fire continue to spread . Colette kiss Danny on the lip . quincey pull she away . collette look back one last time just as the flame reach the door , cut off any escape . Danny breathe hard . he get up . stagger over to the mirror where he trumpet be . he open the case and take the trumpet out . he plop down on the bed and blows a few note . he stop for a second , a smile on he lip . he start to play saeta . dissolve to : int . burning room - night back to the open scene . the whole room ablaze . Danny lie on the bed , play the horn . danny ( v.o. ) so what be it ? who be I after it 's all say and do ? piece of the roof start fall in . danny ( cont would ) Tom Van Allen or Danny flynne ? ( beat ) avenge angel or plain old juda ? he stop play . danny ( cont would ) ( weakly ) you decide , friend . you decide . he close he eye . danny ( cont would ) I be too tired ... so you decide . he drop he trumpet and lay he head back . CUT to : black screen then blurry , vague slow motion - move through the flame . close on danny's head - seemingly float through the fiery room . danny ( v.o. ) oh shit . what be this ? emerging from the flame into a dark hallway . Danny 's eye flutter as he seemingly continue to float . danny ( cont would ) be I dead ? a linoleum floor rush underneath . danny ( cont would ) linoleum . this must be hell . Danny head sag , find himself stare at ... ... a tattoed likeness of himself . the tattoo smile and speak . tatto ( warpe , distort ) hang in there buddy . stair rush by underneath . then another hallway . danny's p.o.v. - a bright white light at the end of the hall . danny ( cont would ) oh no . what a fuck clich . on Danny 's face , float through the hall . his eye flutter . moving toward the light . closer . closer . Danny 's eye close , he head droops . fade to white : close on danny as he eye flutter and open . danny's p.o.v. - a image slowly come into focus ... ... jimmy stare down at he with concern . Danny blink he eye again . look up at ... ... a paramedic work on he . Danny smile a weak smile at Jimmy . Jimmy just sit there , nodd he head , a big shit-eate grin on he face . the paramedic continue to work on Danny . his eye slowly close . fade out . fade in : ext . the CITY - day Danny exit a cab and head towards a coffee shop . he look like a new man . danny ( v.o. ) well , I have have some time to think about it and it 's pretty simple after all . I guess it 's like the man say - " man be the measure of all thing . " I should know . I run the gamut . avenge angel , juda , loving husband , prodigal son , prince of Denmark . I be all of that thing . ( beat ) Tom Van Allen get he revenge . good for tom. and Danny flynne ? he get gut - shot for be the low - life rat that he be . suck for he . ( beat ) but as far as I be concerned , they be both dead . Danny look through the window of the shop . Colette inside , work the counter , pour coffee . danny ( cont would ) but what about this guy ? who be he ? Danny enter the shop . danny ( cont would ) to tell you the truth , I do not know yet . int . coffe shop - same Danny take a seat at the counter . Colette turn and see he . danny ( cont would ) but I like he chance . they stare at one another for a beat , then smile . Colette pour he some coffee . danny ( cont would ) I really like he chance . they strike up a conversation as we ... fade out . the end