the punisher by Robert Mark kamen first draft March 1 , 1988 OPEN to : ext . warehouse district - night on a desert rain slicked street , frank castle watch a heavy equipment warehouse thirty yard down the road through the windshield of a non-descript vehicle , park in the shadow . his partner jake berkowitz , slightly rumple , slightly older , doze next to he . Castle extract a package from a paper sack and begin to unwrap it . Inside be a beautifully prepare meal , complete with napkin and utensil . mischievously Castle crumble the wrapping paper loudly . berkowitz wake and squint over at he malevolently as Castle pretend to go about he business . castle good morning princess . berkowitz grumble , look at he watch . berkowitz Three o'clock . they be suppose to be here two hour ago . [ do not know why they call they organize crime . the asshole be never on time for anything . he look at Castle eat , not with a little envy . he pulis a soggy paperbag out from under he seat and extract a leaky cup of coffee and a soggy sandwich . castle why do you eat like that ? berkowitz because I be a bachelor , that 's why . I do not have someone in my life who love I enough to prepare gourmet fuck meal everytime I go on a stake out . castle yes you do . Castle take another package out of he bag and hand it to berkowitz . berkowitz beam and toss he soggy fare out the window . he bite into a wedge of pie . berkowitz she 's too good for you . you know that . castle ( warm ) yeah . I do . a car pull up to the warehouse . two man get out and enter the warehouse . one carry a suitcase . castle rock-n-roll . Castle be out of the car in a flash , gun in hand . berkowitz stuff the rest of the pie into he mouth and follow . cuT to : int . warehouse heavy machinery stand like dinosaur in the shadow . ina small light area in the middle of the room seven man stand around a table on which the open suitcase sit , fill with clear plastic bag of white powder . the two man who bring the bag , visibly anxious , watch as the chemist check the powder for purity with a test kit . they eye flick from the test to the four man across from they . Three thug , big lou , tough tony and frankie the fist , flanking they boss , a extremely stylishly dress , impeccably coiff hood , dapper dino moretti . the chemist look at Moretti and shake he head . chemist only sixty percent pure . courier no . 1 that 's impossible . do it again . Moretti 's expression do not change . moretti where 's the other forty percent ? courier no . 2 this thing be off . as he go to grab the test kit , he accidently get some white powder on Moretti 's suit sleeve . everyone freeze . Moretti stare at the spot as if it be a anathema to he very soul . courier ( nervous ) sorry Mr. Moretti . Moretti look at he thug . ina flash they grab the two man and force they right hand onto the table . courier hey ! what be you do ? hey ! Moretti pick up a steel bar and viciously smashes it across each man 's hand twice . the man shriek . Moretti wag a pipe under they pain contort face . moretti ( calm ) Monday a hand . Tuesday a arm . Wednesday a head . I want my other forty percent . understand ? he tap the first man 's chin with a pipe . the man nod . moretti and if you ever get I dirty again you son-of - a- bitch , you wife 's a widow . castle ( v.o. ) do not move , police ! everyone turn to Castle on one end and berkowitz on the other end of the room , gun raise , jump from behind the heavy equipment . the thug pull they gun and start fire . Castle and berkowitz take cover and fire back . two thug go down , the other head for cover . Moretti grab the suitcase of dope . the gun battle ensue , with shot ringing off metal . Castle be stalking around a piece of equipment when he see two thug sighting up berkowitz , who have the courier and the chemist cornere . think quickly , Castle notice that the man be move in front of a frontloader . Castle hop from where he be perch right into the driver 's seat . he hit the starter button , the thug hear the sound , turn just in time to see Castle bear down on they with the frontloader . Castle scoops they up and toss they into the dump truck . he smile and wave at berkowitz . a shot ping next to he head . berkowitz fire shoot a assailant who have snuck up behind Castle . Castle jump down . castle where 's Moretti ? berkowit2 I do not know . a noise across the way turn Castle . his p.o.v. Moretti , with the suitcase , run into a maze of machinery . castle stay here . Castle rush off . he race through the maze of machinery , trading shot with Moretti try to cut he off from the rear door . the two man duck and dodge , use the machinery to they best advantage . Moretti circle around behind Castle and hit a switch . a derrick drop its bucket just above where Castle be stand . Castle jump out of the way not a moment too soon , lose he gun . the bucket hit the floor miss he by inch as he spring back up . his p.o.v. Moretti about to reach the door . castile look around . he can not reach Moretti in time and he gun be lose . think quickly he grab a block and tackle and swing it for all he be worth . it miss its mark but not by much , hit the suitcase which fly apart . White powder rain on Moretti . he glare at Castle and run through the exit door . by the time Castle exit , the street be desert . he stare up the street , a hunter thwart ; the rain run down he resolute face . CUT to : ext . castle 's house berkowitz be drop Castle off . berkowitz so do we do good tonight or what ? castle we could have do better . berkowitz we nail thirty ki 's of smack and six wise guy . what more do you want ? castle I want to nail the man . berkowitz who , that sleeze bag Moretti ? castle the other sleeze bag . his boss , franco . the house door open . a woman appear on the porch in a robe , silhouett by the light inside . berkowitz shift change . Castle go to exit . castle I will see you tomorrow . berkowitz yeah . listen Frank you want to do yourself a favor ? tomorrow 's you birthday . give yourself a gift . cut yourself a little slack . castle I will . berkowitz ( warmly ) bullshit . kiss the kid . berkowitz drive off . Castle mount the step to he wife julie , who greet he with open arm and ador eye . julie how 's my hero tonight ? castle okay . julie just okay ? she kiss Castle softly . castle well , better than okay . she kiss he again , with full passion . they eye come away sparkling with each other . Castle scoops Julie up in he arm and enter the house . p.o.v. someone else . a moment later the light go off . pull back to : the someone else dapper dino Moretti watch the house from behind the wheel of he car . his anger etched in stone on he face . CUT to : int . castle bedroom - morning pan a sun -dapple room . on one wall picture and citation : Castle as a karate black belt . Castle and berkowitz graduate from Police Academy , clowning , Julie stand proudly between they . the Castle family , with berkowitz at Halloween , all in costume . Frank and Julie on they wedding day . and the citation : detective of the Year . patrolman of the Year . pan past the door as it open a crack . two gun barrel appear . the unseen gunman 's p.9.v . as they enter the room , Frank and Julie asleep in each other 's arm . the p.o.v. move closer , closer until it be right on top of Castle . Castle open he eye . they fill with terror . castle no ! please do not ! no ! the sound of shot ring out . Castle grab he chest and fall off the bed . giggle erupt as the castle 's two daughter felice and annie , six and four , flag say happy birthday , stick out of the barrel of they toy gun , jump on the bed and look over the side with Julie . Castle ily very still om the floor . the girl look at each other , when suddenly Castle spring up . castle urrgh ! super-cop. he pounce on the girl , kissing they furiously amidst gale of giggle . castle kiss the enemy of law and order into submission . he look up at Julie . castle no one escape he vengeful lip . he grab she , subjecting she to more of the same . the whole family fall off the bed . a gleeful jumble of arm and leg tangle in the bedding . cut to : int . girl ' bedroom Castle be tie the bow into the back of Annie 's party dress . annie daddy , what 's divorce ? castle where do you learn that word ? annie from Katherine in school . her parent be get it . castle divorce be when a mom and dad do not live together anymore . annie how come ? castle lot of different reason , sweetheart . annie be you and mommy go to get divorced ? castle never . annie good . she turn and hug she father for all she 's worth . berkowitz ( v.0 . ) hello . Annie run off . annie uncle Jake ! cuT to : int . kitchen berkowitz be in the kitchen . both kid pounce into he arm and smother he with kiss . both do you bring they ? berkowitz what ? annie qur present . berkowitz it 's not you birthdays . why should I bring you present ? felice because you love we . berkowitz ah , the magic word . he take little watch out of he pocket . the kid squeal with delight as Julie enter and kiss berkowitz affectionately . kide mommy , look . the kid show off they watch . berkowit2 that pie be the high point of my night . julie that 's not what I hear . the rest be in the fridge . berkowitz make a beeline for the refrigerator and dig into the pie , at home . Castle enter wear a sport jacket and a fish tie . berkowitz do not we look nice . felice do you like the tie ? annie we buy it with we money . berkowitz I love it . it 's so he . castle you mother - in- law make lasagne dinner in you honor , the least you can do be look nice . by the way in case you forget , we be eat in a hour . berkowitz continue to gobble pie , ignore he . berkowitz I do not forget . I be warming up for the main event . the phone ring . julie hello . her smile die a bit as she hand the phone to Castle . julie the Captain . castle yes sir. Castle 's mouth tighten . castle we be on the way . he hang up and look at Julie apologetically . castle franco 's leave the country in a hour . the judge just issue a subpoena . berkowitz I will go . Julie look at Castle read he conflict correctly . julie go . castle the party . julie the party will wait . this will not . you have be work on he two year . it mean something to you . 10 . castle not as much as you do . he take she in he arm and kiss she tenderly . berkowitz I will be in the car . castle I be come . meet you at you mother 's . julie good luck . Castle run out . curt to : ext . house two car be park in the driveway side by side . a station wagon and a camero . Castle and berkowitz hop into the camero . Castle insert the key when he notice the front tire of the station wagon be flat . castle come on , we will take you car . the two man exit and hurry towards berkowitz 's car at the curb . castle Jules . julie ( 0.s. ) what ? castle the station wagon have a flat , take my car . the key be in the ignition . julie ( 0.s. ) okay , thanks . berkowitz and Castle enter the car . Castle begin to remove he fish tie . berkowitz hey , what be you do ? will . castle can you see franco 's face if I hand he a subpoena in this . berkowitz ( smile ) yeah . keep it on . ( beat ) you know , you get a nice family . castle I keep tell you . you should have one . berkowitz I already do . they just live someplace else . castle oh yeah , where 's that ? berkowitz you house . Castle smile warmly and knot he tie up again . berkowitz put the car in gear and drive off . cuT to : ext . airport two limo pull up to the entrance . Moretti and a half a dozen henchmen exit from one , and form a protective squadron around the other . Moretti open the door and a english governess step out follow by five year old tommy , excited to be at the airport . tommy come on , dad ! a moment pass , and then gianni franco emerge ; impeccable tailore , perfectly cut hair . a man exude confidence . power . Control . franco be it take care of ? Moretti nod , with a cruel smile . tommy ( impatient ) dad ! the plane ! 12 . franco smile , take he son 's hand and allow himself to be pull into the terminal . the bodyguard follow he closely . cuUuT to : int . berkowitz's car stuck in traffic across two divide island and a walkway , berkowitz and Castle see franco 's entourage enter the airport . berkowitz hit he horn . Castle spring into action , jump out of the car . castle meet I in the front . Castle dash across the roadway , dodging traffic , hurdle divider , head for the terminal . cur to : ext . castle 's house Julie and the kid head for the camero . CUT to : int . airline terminal franco stride down the corridor towards the gate talk to Moretti . franco with that son-of - a-bitch out of the way everything should run smooth until I come back . you keep it the way I set it up and we get no problem , just profit . right ? moretti right . tommy hey dad , look . franco stop and join he son at a window . they p.oo.v. a 747 lift off . 13 . tommy do you know how they make plane fly dad ? franco it have to do with the air . he take a model plane Tommy be hold and demonstrate . franco see as the engine push the plane forward , the air get underneath and lift the wing . when the wing lift , the nose lift then the power from the back push here and off we go . tommy you know everything , do not you , dad ? franco I wish . moretti ( anxious ) hey boss , we be not get time . franco scoops Tommy up and continue down the corridor . franco I ever tell you about the first time grandpa take I to Europe ? tommy you mean when you throw up on he ? franco smile . the entourage hurry on . cuT to : int . terminal Castle consult the flight board and run down the corridor . CUT to : ext . castle' house Julie seatbelt the kid in the rear of the camero . she buckle herself in and go to turn the ignition . cuT to : 14 . int . car berkowitz pull up to the curb outside the terminal . his radio crackle . he pick up the mike . berkowitz yeah ? cut to : int . terminal Castle run through the metal detector which go off . he flash he badge , sprinting down the hall . his p.o.v. franco say goodbye to he man at the gate . Castle turn on the speed , reach franco as he be about to enter the airplane . castile hurdle a barrier , end up right in front of franco who look at Moretti surprised . castle go somewhere , gianni ? franco it appear that way . castle not anymore . moretti hey , what do you want ? tommy be you a real policeman ? Castle look down at Tommy eyeing the shield on he jacket . castle that 's right . tommy well where 's you gun ? castle this you boy ? franco nod , Castle bend down . castle ( conspiratorial ) I keep it hide so I will not scare people . 15 . tommy ( serious ) oh. ( beat ) that 's a good idea . castle be that you nanny ? tommy uh-huh ! castle why do not you go over to she while I talk to you dad . tommy okay . Tommy scamper over to the governess . franco thanks . castle I do it for he . not you . he pull a subpoena out of he pocket and stuff it in franco 's pocket . castle see you in court . Moretti step between they . moretti what be you try to pull ? before Castle can react berkowitz 's voice turn hin . berkowitz Frank . berkowitz come run up . berkowitz you gotta come right away . there 's be a accident at home . Castle be stunne . caught unawares . berkowit2 come on , it 's serious ! Castle turn , and then something strike he . he turn again , to franco . the two man lock eye . Castle run off . 16 . franco I think you take care of it . moretti I do . personally . franco 's mouth draw tight . he take the subpoena out of he pocket and throw it on the floor . franco deal with it . franco board the plane with he son and governess . CUT to : ext . castle' block berkowitz 's car , with Castle at the wheel , come racing down the street , screeching to a halt in front of a grow crowd . Castle and berkowitz rush out . they p.o.v. through a crowd be hold back by police . Castle 's camero in flame . the flame lick perilously close to the propane gas tank on the side of the house . vv.o . get back ! it 's go to hit the gas tank . castle ( frantic ) no ! siren sound in the background . Castle rush forward . berkowitz restrain he . berkowitz Frank , it 's too late ! there 's nothing you can do . castle let go . Castle try to pull away . berkowitz hold on . berkowitz Frank , the tank ! the flame be almost at the tank ! people start run . Castle punch berkowitz in the jaw . he break free and rush toward the burn car . 17 . vv.o. watch out ! the flame reach the tank . the entire screen explode in a massive fire ball . the flame die . the screen go black . Castle 's voice sear by anger and tremendous loss speak from the darkness . castle ( v.o. ) people say when a man begin to talk to God he 's either find he way or lose he mind . I talk to God all the time . I be not look for the way and I do not care if I have lose my mind . I just want to know if what I be do be right or wrong but no matter how many time I ask I get no answer . do that mean there be no God or just no answer ? a low bass pulse on the soundtrack fill the screen . superimposed . five year later . cur to : ext . courthouse the courthouse door fly open . flash bulb pop . t.v. camera roll as dapper dino moretti , dress to the nine , flanke by he henchmen , sweep out triumphantly . announcer this be Larry silver at the courthouse where moment ago , after deliberate for ten week , a jury have declare dino Moretti , the dapper Don , innocent of all charge include the murder of detective Frank Castle and he family nearly five year ago . Mr. Moretti , how do it feel to be finally acquitted ? moretti great ! just great . announcer the government say it 's go to appeal . how do you feel about that ? 18 . moretti let ‘em appeal , a hundred time . I will still win . this be America . if you be innocent , justice prevail . announcer be you worried about the punisher ? Moretti 's smile fade . moretti let I tell you something about the punisher , whoever he be . if he ever show up within one thousand yard of I , he will learn just what the word punish really mean . now , if you will excuse I . Moretti and he entourage pile into two limousine and pull away . announcer there you have it . the dapper Don allegedly head of the powerful franco crime family . once again shrugging off any fear of the punisher , despite the fact that over 125 organize crime figure have be murder by the self - style vigilante in the last five year . this be Larry silver for Channel 2 News . the mike shut down . the crew pack hurriedly . announcer let 's go . pull back : as a caravan of media vehicle follow the limousine , to the back of a figure sit on a black chopper . his hair slicked back , pull in a severe polytail . he wear a black leather jacket and black combat pants tuck into black engineer boot . pan to the boot close up a stylize skull make out of brass lay flush along the foot . the boot come up and kick the bike to life . the bike roar off after the media caravan . cuT to : 19 . int . moretti's house Moretti enter to a big victory banner strung across the luxurious foyer of he elegant home . there be a cake decorate with a picture of Moretti in flamboyant icing , kick a figure of justice in the ass . the three body guard , mikey , joey and danny , give Moretti a round of applause . moretti so enough with the applause . where 's champagne ? tony I will get it . Moretti stop he . moretti you check the house . I will get the champagne . and let 's get some music go here . he hit the switch on the wall . Music blast throughout the house . the bodyguard spread out . cuT to : int . interior attic a louver window open . two black boot hit the floor . close up one boot , the stylize skull . a hand reach up and pull the skull up . a thin blade come out of a invisible sheath build into the boot . cuT to : int . bedroom mikey hear step across the ceiling . he unholster he gun and open the door . he take one step . a leather - jackete arm swing down like a sledge bear the skull dagger deep in mikey 's chest . mike fall back into the room . cur to : 20 . another bedroom joey hear sound outside . he rush into the hall , gun draw and look around . he look down from the landing over the railing , see nothing , he turn back around as two boot thud into he chest . he fall over the railing . his scream drown out by the music . Danny , another bodyguard , come run out of the de down below . he see joey 's body . danny Jesus , joey . he bend over joey . a nylon noose descend from the landing and fall around Danny 's neck . too late , the noose cut into he neck as he be yank off the floor , he foot kick frantically in the air . cur to : int . kitchen Moretti be topping off the last of the champagne glass , sing to the music . Moretti lift the silver tray with five glass and exit the kitchen , push the door open with he backside . moretti okay , party time . he turn into the floyer and stop , mortify , the tray erash to the floor . his p.o.v . joey dead on the floor , Danny hang by he neck ten foot above he . Moretti grab joey 's gun . moretti mikey ! tony ! there be no response . Moretti stalk through the house , he heart beat , sweat dapple he brow . moretti hey , quit fuckin ' around . Moretti move down a hallway , open door , lead with he gun . he hear a noise behind and turn ready to fire . nothing be there . momentarily off guard , he turn , again he eye open wide at what he see confront he . moretti you ! 21 . he raise the gun and fire . cuut to ; ext . house the news team , loitering across the street , jump with the shot . they spring into action , grab they camera , run for the house . they barely make the other side of the street when the house explode from within . the reporter hit the deck . as the front door open , they look up . they p.o.v . smoke pour out the door . a moment lapse and Moretti , he clothing in tatter , singe , he eye glaze with a far away stare walk out of the smoking house . his gun hang limply at he side . reporter where be that camera ? get they roll . Moretti stand for a long moment and then keel over face first . close up he back the skull dagger plunge to the hilt . reporter # 1 the punisher ! it 's the punisher ! reporter # 2 look ! p.o.v. all . through the smoke and flame a spectral figure , a apparition , stand stare out through the inferno . reporter it 's he ! get the goddamn camera go ! the flame leap higher . the figure disappear . a moment later , the whole house blow up . fade to : ext . moretti house - night the house be a smolder ruin . Police car and fire engine illuminate the scene . the press be keep behind a cordon . a car drive up . berkowitz , a little worse for the 22 . wear of the last five year , exit and head for the house , scour the ground with he eye for clue . the press , see berkowitz , break through the cordon and track with he . he ignore they . reporter # 1 Lieutenant , be it true you be be pressured to step down as head of the punisher Task Force ? berkowit no comment . reporter # 2 Lieutenant , do you have any lead ? berkowitz no comment . cold , dry , noncooperative , berkowitz go to enter the house . reporter # 3 Lieutenant , do you still stick to you theory that the late Frank Castle and the punisher be the same person ? berkowitz turn . berkowitz absolutely . reporter despite the fact that the official police department 's statement be that Castle die with he family . berkowitz do not you have anything better to do at two o'clock in the morning , santana ? berkowitz enter the house to Chief of detective o'banion . o'banion ( sarcastic ) that be smart . very smart . berkowitz ignore the barb . berkowitz to what do I owe the honor of the visit ? 23 . the Chief hand berkowitz the skull dagger . berkowitz peruse it , feel its balance . o'banion I have a message from the mayor . I quote . Frank Castle be dead . no more talk about he be otherwise . you toe the line or you get the boot . berkowitz fix o'banion with a stare . berkowitz and you would go along with that ? o'banion Jake , we can not let the public think there 's some psychotic ex - cop run around wack out wise guy like he 's get a hunt license . berkowitz why not ? o'banion berkowitz . I be tired . it 's late . you be warn . { pause ) what the hell ever happen to you ? with the wag of he head , the Chief exit . berkowitz continue to look for clue . woman be v.o. Lieutenant berkowitz ? berkowitz turn to samantha leary , a young , bright detective with something on she mind . SAM I be detective Sam leary . she hold out she hand . berkowitz ignore it . berkowitz Sam ? SAM samantha . berkowitz rolis he eye . berkowitz go for he car . 24 . berkowitz what can I do for you ? ( sarcastic ) Sam . SAM I would like a shot at be you partner . berkowitz I do not work with a partner . SAM I know , but you use to . berkowitz right . use to . past tense . to exit . Sam follow doggedly as he head SAM look , I be not after a free ride . I can pull my share of the load . berkowitz I be sure you can . SAM no you be not . you be not even listen to I . berkowitz that 's right , I be not . SAM why ? berkowitz because I work with the best , and anything else be a waste of my fuck time . what do you think , you be the first person to apply for the job ? SAM no , but I be the most qualified . berkowitz base on what ? 25 . SAM I graduate first in my class at the academy . I score in the top one percent of all officer on the target . I make detective first time up , second youngest member of the force ever to ... berkowitz cut she off by get in the car . berkowitz you parent must be very proud , but I have not hear one reason why I should consider take you on . his hand go to the ignition . SAM I believe Frank Castle be the punisher . berkowitz stop cold . he stare at Sam 's unwaver eye . berkowitz be in my office , nine o'clock . he start the car and drive off . track with the car half way down the street to a manhole cover , zoom in on the manhole cover . cur to : int . sewer system track along through the large drain pipe feed by smaller one . the pipe be large enough for a man to walk upright . castle ( v.0 . ) be you here in the darkness ? you must be . you be everywhere , be not you ? why do not you answer I ? it 's year I be ask you why . why be the innocent dead and the guilty alive ? where be justice ? where be punishment ? ( pause ) or have you already answer ? have you already say to the world here be justice . here be punishment . 26 . the camera track down a large pipe . at the end , a candle flicker through a open doorway . track through the doorway into a small spare room with a sleep mat , some gun , a small shop where skull dagger be make and a man with he back to the camera , shirt off , sit in lotus position . the camera circle slowly to the front . castle ( v.0 . ) here in I . close up castle' face eye close , sweat bead he forehead matting he hair . his eye open . the depth of pain and anger reveal . a pulsing bass build on the soundtrack . louder and louder until the throbbing threaten to explode . cuUT to : ext . airport Reporters be gather around a terminal exit . at the curb a black limo wait , the door hold open by jim tarrone , 28 , the mafia go yuppie via versace . tarrone scowl at the reporter . the terminal door swing open and three burly bodyguard , carry luggage , exit , follow by franco as self - assure and strongly handsome as ever ; and Tommy , nearly twelve , beside he . the same self - assurance in he eye . reporter Mr. franco , how do it feel to be back home ? franco it 's 30 minute since I have land . so far , so good . reporter have you come back to take over ? tarrone intercede . tarrone come on fellow , it be a long flight . the man 's tired . let 's give he a break . Tommy scramble into the car . franco be about to enter . 27 . reporter be not you afraid of the punisher ? franco stop , turn and smile . franco punisher ? you know what they think in Europe ? you guy make that up to sell papers . there 's no punisher . reporter then what 's be kill you associate for the last five year ? franco too much red meat in they diet maybe . thanks for come . franco be about to enter the limo when a car backfire . he crouch , on edge . his bodyguard go for they gun . the action do not go unnotice by the news crew . after a moment , franco straighten up and enter the limo . tarrone follow , slamm the door behind he . cuT to : int . limo tarrone let 's hit it . the car pull out . tommy hey dad , I do not know you be so famous . franco neither do I . you remember you cousin Jim , uncle dom 's boy . tarrone I use to pull you around in that wagon . tommy oh yeah , hi. 28 . tarrone so how be that fancy european school we hear you be go to ? tommy all right . franco just all right ! I get the next Einstein here . go sit in the front . I want to talk to Jim here . franco tussle Tommy 's hair with real affection . Tommy squirm through the partition into the front seat . franco raise the glass . franco so how bad be it ? tarrone how bad ? if you do not come home , I would be head of the family . be that a joke or what ? the only consolation be all the other family be in the same boat because of this psycho . I mean freddie deleo be a capo , a thirty year old mongoloid with a driver 's license and he 's in charge of 200 guy . ( beat ) none of we know what we be do . we be not experience enough to run a family . franco there 's not go to be any such thing as family anymore , Jim . it 's old think , dead think . the world 's change and we have not . but we be go to . tarrone what be we go to change into ? franco a corporation . there will be no more territory , no more war . each group will be responsible for one area of work . this ( more ) a black screen 29 . franco ( continued ) guy will do hijack , that guy loan sharking . no more competition . everyone will have he place and share . we be all go to work together for the good of the corporation . tarrone how be you goin’ to convince anyone of this ? franco with a act of good faith , so generous , even freddie deleo will see the light . ( beat ) a week from now , I have arrange for six hundred kilo of pure junk to come in . tarrone six hundred kis ? franco five hundred million dollar worth . and everyone get to share . provide they work together to make it happen . one group on security , one on transportation , one on receive , one on distribution and one on collection . that should not be too hard . tarrone and what do we do about the punisher ? franco one thing at a time , Jim . first we consolidate , then we obliterate . cuUT to : castle ( v.0 . ) what do it take to forget ? how much blood wash away pain ? where do evil end and innocence begin ? why can not I get a answer ? cur to : 30 . int . bar a room full of hustler . tough guy in sharp clothes , drink and carouse . shakespeare , a down and outer , whose shabby clothes and five day stubble border on dereliction , be try to cadge a drink . he approach a flashy thug and speak in rhyme with a florid theatrically English accent . shake Excuse I , kind sir , but I can not help but see in you a man far luckier than I . man ( confuse ) what ? shake what ever you can spare would be sufficient I think , to stand this thespian a very stiff drink . man what the hell 's a thespian ? shake ( dignify ) a actor , sir . realizing this be a performance the man laugh . man sure . he go to he pocket and hand shake a dollar . shake remove he beat up hat and bow graciously . bartender hey ! shake rise startle . bartender what I tell you about buggin’ the customer ? ritchie , throw this trash out . before shake can escape , a huge black bouncer grab he by the collar and the seat of he pants and rush he toward the door . 31 . shake you can not treat I like this , it 's a lousy , bad plan . I demand some respect . I be not trash . I be a man ! on that note , the bouncer fling shake out the dear . CUT to : ext . STREET shake propel out the bar door sprawl across the sidewalk of a dark desert street . shake maybe I should have try some Eugene o'neill . shake sit up , he look at the dollar bill rip in half . his spirit sink . he hear a sound . he turn right . his p.o.v . a bottle of scotch atop a small remote control toy dump truck , turn from the alley and head toward he . the bottle come right up to he . the truck flash its little light twice , turn and head back towards the alley . shake can not believe he eye . he follow on he hand and knee . the truck turn the corner , shake follow get closer and closer until the truck go between two leg and stop . shake 's p.o.v . a stylize brass skull sheathed in a black boot . shake look up and gulp . he stand , smile weakly at Castle who look at shake menacingly . the truck 's remote control unit in he hand . shake stand , obsequious . shake hi there . Nice weather we be have for this time of year . castle you be suppose to meet I four hour ago . shake ( self-pity ) I know , I know all about it . be hearing it all my life . shirk responsibility , can not keep a appointment , a friend , a job ; disappoint everyone . Castle step within a hair 's breath of shake . 32 . castle almost everyone . shake right , just what I be about to say . there be a select few ... castle I do not have all night . where 's the dope come in to ? shake the dope , the dope . oh that . pier thirty . Castle fix shake with a hard stare , hand he the bottle of scotch from the dump truck , and turn around to mount he chopper . shake but the location 's not the big story . Castle turn . shake who will be there be . castle who will be there ? shake everyone . they be all work together now . one big happy family . under the fatherly wing of you old friend gianni franco . Castle start he chopper . shake Mr. P. he toast Castle with the bottle of scotch . shake happy hunt . Castle kick the chopper into gear , zoom off as shake take a long pull off the bottle . curt to : 33. ext . hudson river - night a medium size trawler be chugge slowly through the water towards the light of the city . on its deck be several frenchmen in work clothes . french leader allez vite . l'heure s'approche . cut to : ext . pier thirty - night there be two van and four car on the pier along with several member of the " new mafia " . all under thirty , a bit anxious about each other and the situation . equipped with the latest communication and surveillance gear , they be try to be professional . Bill fiddle with a hand hold radio . bill I can not get this friggan thing to work . Tim take it out of he hand and push the power button . he hand it back condescending . tim very difficult . bill fuck you ! tim fuck you ! Tim push Bill . Bill pull a gun . tarrone jump in . tarrone hey , hey . we get five hundred million dollar out there asshole ! cool out . here . he thrust the radio at Bill . tarrone check the perimeter . get with it . tarrone enter he car and drive off . bill hello Red one. come in . cut to : int . car by the pier entrance , a young hood be read the Wall Street Journal . Bill 's voice come over he walkie-talkie . the hood put the paper down . hood yeah , what do you want ? bill be v.0o . everything 's okay ? the young hood give a perfunctory look out the windshield . tarrone 's car drive by and head up the street . hood okay here . he put the radio down and pick the newspaper up . a samurai sword thrust through the windshield , through the paper and through the young hood , pin he to he seat . cuut to : int . warehouse a man pitch penny with a view of the drive lead down the pier . his radio crackle . v.07 Red two , Red two . what 's do ? man nothing . it 's dead here . he put down the radio and turn . a silencer fire bullet smashes into he forehead . he fall , dead . cuT to : ext . roof top another man sit sighting the area below he with a infrared ~ scope rifle . 34 , 35 . v.0 . Red Three , what have you get ? man I gotta pee . v.o . so pee . the man put down he rifle and walkie-talkie . he go over to the side of the building and start to pee . on the wall be a pin - up of a big breast model . he smile look at it . the breast explode with two silencer bullet which rip through he chest . cuT to : ext . trawler the french be work when a search light from a approach boat hit they . vv.0o . this be the U.S. Coast Guard . cut you engine . we be come along side . frenchman merde . the cutter come along side the boat . cuT to : ext . trawler hull Three black clad figure , one tall , one broad and one smail , silently come out of the water and begin to scale the hull with suction cup device on they hand and foot . cuT to : trawler deck the cutter light shine in the french Captain 's eye . through he squint , he only see the outline of the cutter crew . 36 . cutter captain what be you do here ? frenchman we have to pull into dock , we hull be leak . here take a look . the cutter Captain step forward . he be japanese . frenchman regardez-la . he point to a spot above the water line . the cutter Captain look down then up . the frenchman smile . the cutter Captain pull out a pistol and shoot the smile frenchman dead . the french crew be stunne , when three thump from behind startle they . they startle p.o.v . the three black garbe figure landing on the deck . the two bigger one spring into action , decimate the six crew man with throw star , okinawan hand sickle and they deadly karate hand and foot . they work be swift , brutal . they be invincible . angle on the wheel house . a frenchman with a pistol stealthily come around the corner . he aim to fire when a foot fly out and hit he wrist . his hand , pistol still in it , be severe clean . his terrorize p.o.v . the smallest figure in black slice with the other foot , kick he in the throat . when the foot come away , a deep gash spurt blood . the black figure take a handkerchief out of the man 's pocket and wipe the side of the bloody shoe clean . close up a silver blade form the side of the shoe . the smallest black clad figure give order with hand signal to the other two who , unmask , be show to be japanese . on cue , the Coast guardsman come out of the shadow , pour onto the french boat . they too be japanese . they begin to dress themselves in the hat and coat of the dead frenchmen , toss the body overboard . at a signal from the smallest , the three black clad figure disappear over the side of the boat . CUT to : ext , pier thirty the italian be still stand there , wait . Bill be pace angrily , nodd he head . 37 . bill Fifteen minute late , Jesus Christ . Fucking faggot frenchmen . the light flash a short distance away as the french trawler come into view . tim here they come . joe all right . come on you guy , lock professional . the mafiosi spread out into position around the pier ready for danger as the trawler approach the dock . cut to : ext . warehouse roof Castle come across the roof in a crouch , a auto shotgun sling over he back , a steel cross bow with a brace of black arrow in he hand . a length of nylon cord hang from he belt . his p.o.v. on the pier . the trawler pull to dockside . the van be back up and open ready to be load . all the mafiosi face the trawler , they back to the warehouse . Castle load a arrow in he cross bow and hook the nylon cord through a leop in the back . he raise the bow and take aim when something catch he eye . Three black clad figure rise from the water onto the pier and sneak up on the unsuspecting mafiosi . Castle lower he cross bow and watch . cut to : ext . pier thirty Bill step up to the trawler , flanke by two other man . bill you be fifteen minute late you poof . what 's the big ... a knife hit he in the back , he spin around , stare bug -ey and fall at the startle foot of he companion who pull they gun and turn to the three black figure . before they can fire , they be subdued . the tall black figure neatly slice one man 's head open with a sickle 38 . attach to a long chain . the stout black figure throw two , three - pronge sai which catch another mafioso high and low simultaneously . the third be dispatch by the smallest figure , who with a flick of the wrist send a stiletto- thin blade through the man 's throat . the japanese on the boat jump off and begin to unload crate of heroin into the van . angle on Castle . watch . perplex . he hear the faintest noise from behind and roll to he right , swinging he shotgun around as a spray of silencer bullet fire from a uzi hit where he head have be . he let go a blast , waste the japanese assassin who have snuck up behind he . angle on the japanese load on the pier . look up as the blast sound . a arrow whistle through the night and pierce one of the japanese with such force , it pin he body to the side of the van . a nylon cord extend from the arrow to the opposite warehouse . a figure come slide down the cord . it 's Castle . he scatter the japanese , as he rush towards they , with a deadly spray of uzi fire . Castle hit the ground right in front of the pierce japanese . he yank the body off the van . castle let 's stick together . he use the body as a shield . not a moment too soon . the japanese recover and start to fire they weapon , riddling they dead companion 's body . Castle open the van door , yank the parking brake , and push the van towards the end of the dock . as it go over into the water , Castle sprint for the safety of the wharf building . the japanese charge . Castle blast two , three dead . angle on the three black clad figure . the smallest hand - signal to the other two . they split up , disappear into the shadow . cut to : castle behind a pillar reloading he shotgun , he look up . the tallest black figure spring out and throw he sickle and chain . Castle raise he shotgun and catch the sickle 's deadly blade . he twist down blow the chain apart and blast again at this attacker . the black figure dive into the shadow . Castle hear a engine start up . his p.o.v . the second van , load with heroin , be leave the pier . Castle run at a angle try to cut it off , blast two more would - be assassin to early grave who get in he way . out of nowhere a sai be throw , hit Castle 's shotgun out of he hand . the stout , black figure charge with two sai raise . 39 . Castle duck behind a pillar as a sai aim for he head hit . he duck behind a second pillar as another crash into it . he grab a block and tackle with a rotting netting and swing it , entangle he assailant . the van be almost past he . Castle scoops up he shotgun , slip it over he shoulder . he sprint , bullet graze leave and right . he be on a collision course for the van . he whip a knife out of he boot and leap . close up int . van Castle 's fist crash through the window . his knife imbed in the driver 's chest . angle on Castle hang on through the window , steering as best he can . the van veer towards the end of the pier . a moment before it plunge into the brine , Castle jump off . he somersault and come up run , shotgun blast away . another three japanese assassin fall . Castle 's p.o.v. in slow motion . the smallest black figure step out some ten yard in front of he . Castle raise the shotgun to fire . the black figure be faster . a flick of the wrist send a deadly stiletto slamm into Castle 's shoulder . the shotgun fly up shoot skyward . Castle fall back clutching he shoulder and plunge into the dark water below . four japanese with uzis rake the water with lead . when they finish , the three black clad figure step forward and peer into the still water below . nothing surface , neither body nor bubbles . after a moment , all the japanese leave except the smallest black figure , who still mask , peer into the water a moment longer . cuT to : ext . pier a van be pull out of the water and onto the pier where the other van already salvage , its heroin unload , be surround by dozen of cop . berkowitz stand on the dock . the van be lower in front of he . Sam come up with a pad . SAM six hundred kilo of dope . Seven dead wise guy , all from different family . look like a drug deal go bad . berkowitz open the van door . Water and the dead japanese driver spill out . 40 . berkowitz look again . SAM ( startle ) I do not get it . something catch berkowitz 's eye in the van . he pull out the skull - top dagger . berkowitz neither do I . cur to : int . sewer passage Castle stagger through a drain pipe . the dagger stili embed in he shoulder . he fall into the fetid water , get up slowly and stagger on . cut to : int . castle' room a broad - blade bowie knife heat to white hot in a fire . Castle sit , he shirt off , he body drench in sweat . the stiletto still in he shoulder , blood run down he arm . he steel himself , grab the hilt of the stiletto and pull . his body shiver as the long blade come cut . the wound bleed profusely . Castle lift the white - hot bowie knife , regards its pulsing glow for a moment then lay it quite deliberately on the wound . he scream with the pain . cur to : the sewer passage echoing with he scream . curt to : ext . black tower - day pan from the top of the sheer glass , black skyscraper to the ground floor where a long black limo wait . the door to the building open . sato and tomio , the tall and stout black clad figure , unmask now , clad in the height of japanese New Wave fashion with haircut to match , exit and secure the 41 . short distance from door to car . a moment later , lady tanaka , a strike look japanese woman in she late forty dress in a conservative white business suit exit accompany by a slightly build american woman in she early twenty , dress in hot , tight black leather . the two woman get into the rear of the limo , the two man into the front . the car drive off . cur to : close up a slide of Lady tanaka , flash on a screen in a dark room . franco ( v.0 . ) hideko tanaka . she be single , in she late forty . she have one daughter , a mute american girl she adopt at birth who never leave she side . she be a graduate of Harvard Business School and the first female ever to head the yakuza . deleo ( v.0 . ) yaku what ? the light go on . five young man and franco be in he study . tarrone , deleo , laconne , musso and Bellini . franco yakuza . the japanese mafia . laconne this be a long fuckin ' way from Japan . franco yes it be . tarrone well , what the hell be they do here ? there be a knock on the door . franco I do not know , but I think we be about to find out . the door open . franco stand as tanaka and she three cohort enter . franco bow slightly , graciously . tanaka return 42 . franco Lady tanaka . the bow . tanaka Mr. franco it be a honor . you reputation precede you . franco as do yours . please , sit down . tanaka no thank you . what I have to say will be brief . we have be tracking you organization for quite some time . you leadership have be decimate . you soldier be inexperienced . we little demonstration on pier thirty be ample proof of that . you be weak , Mr. franco . vulnerable . we be not . we can cripple all you operation , legal as well as illegal , very easily but we do not want that . franco with all due respect , miss tanaka , let 's cut through the bullshit and get to the heart of the matter . what do you want ? tanaka a partnership . franco define the term . tanaka you will continue to manage and oversee all you business on a day to day basis . we will assume the duty of executive administration , investment and financial service . all the mafiosi rise to protest at once . franco I be not through . the young mafiosi quiet down . 43 . franco what do you propose as a split ? tanaka seventy - five percent for we , twenty - five percent for you . deleo jump up , a big bull with brutish manners . deleo no fuckin ' way be I gonna be a salary boy to some bunch of nip . get that . I do not know about the rest of you , but the deleo family give up shit . we do not work for nobody . who the fuck do you think you be ? deleo tower over tanaka . he stab he finger in she face as he talk . she listen calmly and then grab he bear- paw of a hand and twist . deleo fall to he knee grimace in pain . tanaka we be yakuza . when you ancestor be still shepherd screwing sheep , ours be the crime lord of Asia . she look up to franco still hold onto deleo 's hand . tanaka I be not offer term , Mr. franco , I be make demand . franco and what if we choose not to comply ? tanaka step be now be take to ensure that you will . you Americans have a great capacity for violence . she look down at the still grimace deleo . tanaka but it be wild , unfocus . you will learn . her eye glint cold . she squeeze hard , break deleo 's wrist . he scream and drop to the floor in agony . tanaka good day , gentleman . 44 . tanaka head for the door . franco you leave one thing out of the equation , Madame . tanaka what 's that ? franco there 's a psycho run around , knock all we people off . by take over you be right in the line of fire . close up a small black dot on the underside of a door above franco 's head . cuT to : int . castle' room Castle recouperate , he shoulder bandage , listen to a small speaker . tanaka ( v.o. ) you mean the one they call the punisher ? ( beat ) he have be put in he proper place . cuT to : franco' room franco ( skeptical ) and where 's that ? tanaka at the bottom of the harbor . tanaka exit . tarrone what do we do ? franco only thing we can . ( beat ) we go to war . CUT to : 45 . int . castle' room Castle greeting the news with a self - satisfied look . he lay back on he bed and close he eye . cur to : ext . suburban school - day Ginny , a pretty young girl of twelve be walk out of the building , surround by several of she friend . they be swapping lipstick and laugh with each other . ginny I get the red . I hate the other stuff . girlfriend the red be gross , Ginny . suddenly the two girl be push aside . a arm wrap itself around Ginny . two japanese man drag she into a car wait right at the corner , while she girlfriend scream , and drive away . cut to : int . playroom two little girl , five year old twin , be sit on a bed be entertained by they nanny who carry a large teddy bear in front of she . nanny hi girl . it 's mister teddy . would you like to ask I a question ? the sound of a silence bullet shoot through the window , through the teddy and into the nanny . blood come out of the teddy . the two girl scream , horrify , as two shadow fall over they . they look up wide -ey . CUT to : ext . school house ~ day Tommy franco come out of the building , he book under he arm . ahead of he in front of the school a black limousine be wait . he walk up to it and look in . Tommy knock on the front window . 46 . tommy hey Roger ? there be no response so Tommy open the back door himself . the driver 's side open . two hand reach out and pull he inside the car . the chauffeur , he throat slit , be dumped out . the limo take off . CUT to : int . long hallway Tommy blindfolded , he mouth tape , be hustle down a long hallway by two yakuza to a metal door guard by another japanese . the door be open . the tape be rip from he mouth , the blindfold from he eye . Tommy be throw into a dimly light room . his eye adjust to the new light . his p.o.v . Fifteen child of all age from thirteen on down , some weep , all scared . curt to : int . meeting room the five young mafiosi draw with anger and worry and a brood franco sit in a smoke - fill room . deleo jump up bang the table . deleo enough of this fuck brain storming . I say we snatch she daughter , take she to the meeting with this . he wave he gun around . deleo in she mouth . and then we talk . franco freddie , before you go off snatching anybody , let I tell you a little story about we miss tanaka . the only person she be ever close to be she twin brother . they grow up in a orphanage in Tokyo after the war . they be inseparable , live together they whole life . one day he stick the yakuza for a lot of money , which he have no intention of pay back . nothing ( more ) 47 . franco ( continued ) happen to he because of she . then other people start get the same idea . before she be allow to become head of the organization , the other leader demand a act of absolute loyalty . so you know what she do ? she go home , cook she brother a beautiful meal . wait until he finish . and then slit he throat . everyone be silent . franco rise . laconne . so what be you say , we do not deal with she ? franco I be say we can not deal with she . musso no , what you be say be there 's nothing that can save we kid . franco there be . but it 's lie on the bottom of the harbor . deleo well I be go to the meeting . the other four man say the same thing . franco I be not . he exit . cur to : a black screen castle ( v.0o . ) a soldier go off to war with the idea that one day he go back home . but what about the soldier who have no home to go back to ? just the memory of ( more ) 48 . castle ( continued ) one . do he stop fight when the war end or the memory end ? CUT to : int . sewer shake descend into the sewer . he reach the bottom and light a match . shake hello . hello . come out , come out wherever you be . the match go out . shake light another . a rat scurries across he foot . he yelp , drop the match plunging himself into darkness . shake bubble , bubble , toil and trouble , I would better get out of here on the double . he light another match , jump back . Castle stand in front of he , he mouth draw in a tight line . shake scream , startle . Castle hit a switch on the wall . dim maintenance light come one . shake you know with you flair for entrance you should consider a career in theater . castle I will put it on my list of thing to do . what be you do here ? shake what would I be do tramping around the sewer of this great metropolis ? castle sightsee . shake very funny . I bring you news , you give I grief . you know they all think you be dead . 49 . castle then let 's not do anything to change they mind . turn off the light when you leave . Castle turn and walk towards he motorcycle park in the shadow . shake but , there 's more . castle not for I . they will kill each other now . shake and what will you do while the carnage ensue ? Castle mount he bike . castle maybe take a vacation . shake yes , I hear the sewer of Paris be lovely this time of year . Castle hit the starter on he bike . shake and what about the child ? Castle stop abruptly at the mention of the word . castle what child ? shake the child of the new boss , snatch out of thin air by the japanese . if they father do not make a deal , the world will not see they like again . castle why be you tell I this ? shake because you punish the guilty , not the innocent . Castle reach into he saddle bag and pull out a bottle of liquor and hand it to shake . shake refuse . 50 . shake this one 's on the house . Castle recognize shake 's altruism and drive off . cut to : ext . black tower sato and tomio enter the building carry a suitcase . curt to : int . elevator sato and tomio , carry a suitcase , and several other passenger watch the elevator go up . 38 , 39 , 40 . the last floor . everyone get out except for sato and tomie . the door close . sato take out a key and insert it into a slot . the elevator start up again to a unnumber floor . the elevator stop and the door slide open to a large , traditional japanese martial Arts School , where dozen of yakuza soldier be training . they all stop on cue as sato and tomio exit and bow in unison . sato and tomio bow back and then stride through the hall and out . the yakuza return to they practice . cut to : sato and tomio stride through a museum room of antique japanese weapon and suit of armor and down a shogi screen hallway . from the door at the end of the hall come the strain of a full orchestra play Beethoven , the piano solo begin play to perfection . sato and tomio enter the room to tanaka seat at a concert piano . the orchestra be a tape play through gigantic speaker . tanaka 's daughter turn the page of the score . tanaka finish with a grand flourish . tomion put the suitcase on the piano . off to the side a stock ticker tape hum away . tanaka what 's this ? tomio snap open the suitcase . tomio the money for the child . hasan agree on you price . ( more ) sl . tomio ( continued ) two hundred fifty thousand dollar per child and a additional bonus of one hundred thousand for each girl over twelve . we will net 2.25 million dollar from the sale . tanaka have we hear from they father ? sato they have agree to meet with we . you be right . they let sentiment get in the way of business . tanaka close the suitcase and pat it . tanaka luckily we do not . tomio remove the suitcase from the piano . he and sato kneel face the piano . tanaka nod to she daughter who push the tape deck button . the concert begin . tanaka take the piano solo grandly . cut to : int . room the mafia kid be huddle in the dim light , scared . Tommy try to break the wooden board cover the window . he succeed only to find metal shutter behind they . a little girl begin to cry . Tommy comfort she . tommy hey , do not cry . we be go to be okay . he give she a candy from he pocket . girl # 2 we be not go to be okay . it 's 's cause of my father I be here . tommy that 's not true . 52 . boy so why be we here , Mr. know it all ? tommy I do not know . boy I do . we be be hold for ransom ' cause we father be rich gangster . tommy then why be I here ? my father 's not a gangster . boy # 2 what be you kid ? you father 's the biggest gangster and a coward . my dad say if he do not run away from he responsibility , there would not be this mess . tommy bull shit ! boy # 1 you be bull shit . Tommy jump he . they start to fight . the door open . two yakuza break they up and hold they apart . yakuza no fight . Tommy struggle . tommy let go ! get off ! yakuza quiet : a third yakuza slap Tommy across the face . Tommy stop struggle . a moment later , tanaka appear at the door follow by she daughter . everyone fall silent . a little girl start to cry . Lady tanaka bend down smile and with a tissue hand to she by she daughter , wipe the child 's tear . tanaka pick the girl up in she arm . tanaka why be you fight ? everything be go to be all right . 53 . child I want to go home . tanaka and you will . tommy when ? tanaka caress the child 's face . she walk over to Tommy and stare at he . tanaka very scon . here . she give the little girl a candy to suck on . tanaka no more tear now . she kiss the little girl on she cheek , put she down and exit . some of the kid be buoyant . girl we be go home . we be go home . Tommy sift around through some rubble . he pick up a short dowel , take a piece of splinter wood and start tie it to the end of the pole make a short spear . boy # 2 what be you do ? tommy you believe she ? the other boy watch Tommy for a moment and then start forage for weapon material . cuT to : int . den of iniquity the room be smokey and full of the devil 's work . in the center be game table surround by frenzied player . along the wall be dozen of slot machine . in two dark , cave - like room , people smoke opium , prepped by ancient chinese man . in other side room , prostitute do business . in a cashier 's booth two japanese take care of the cash . four japanese brute walk the floor as bouncer . all at once the skylight shatter . a rope descend . Castle come 54 . fly down onto one of the crap table . he have a large weapon on he back with a thick cylinder attach . the two bouncer move to grab he . one grab for he foot . Castle kick he light out . the other bouncer draw a gun . Castle 's knife be faster . the man fall . Castle lift a third bouncer to he face after wack he with a sack kick . castle where be the child ? the bouncer just stare at he . castle every day the child be go be gonna cost you . take that message to you people . Castle remove the gun from he shoulder and begin to pump explosive shell into the slot machine one after another . people start run and scream . slot machine after slot machine explode , send coin in the air . a japanese try to run from the cashier 's booth with a suitcase . Castle pump he shell into the suitcase . Cash fly everywhere . Castle shoot the game table . chip go fly . he shoot the bar . liquor bottle burst . he shoot the water pipe . Water spray on everything . Castle keep pump shell after shell after shell . fade to : the aftermath the entire room reduce to soggy debris . Police be wading through the destruction look for clue . suspect be be lead out . the two japanese bouncer be be hold handcuff . berkowitz and Sam come down the stair look around at the destruction . berkowitz eye the glum japanese . berkowitz who be this happy camper ? cop I do not know , I can not get a word out of they . Sam look at they . SAM take you shirt off . the man look at she surprised . 55 . SAM I say , take you shirt off . berkowitz Sam , what the hell you doin ' ? Sam grab the man , without warning , by he shirt front and yank hard . his clothes pull away . everyone 's p.o.v . his whole body be cover with tattoo . cop what the hell ? SAM they're japanese yakuza . berkowit2 whe do this ? he be about to get aggressive with the japanese when he beeper go off . SAM I will get it . Sam hustle for the door . cop Lieutenant ? berkowitz walk over . the cop point to the floor . his p.o.v. in a puddle of water and he own blood , the third bouncer . with Castle 's skull knife stick out of he chest . Sam come run over . SAM you be not go to believe this . his eye lead hers to the corpse and the knife . berkowitz try I . SAM the kid of all the new family head have be snatch . they have name the punisher as the prime suspect in the case . berkowitz start to walk away . berkowitz they be wrong . 56 . SAM it make sense . berkowitz it.does , but they be still wrong . SAM you get a reason for say that ? berkowitz two . he pull out he wallet and take a picture out and show it to Sam . close up Castle 's little girl in Easter dress . cuT to : close up the same picture tatter around the edge . pull back to Castle in a dark alley sit in front of he bike , the headlight illuminate the picture . Castle look up from the picture , troubled , alone . CUT to : ext . lumber yard ~ night Castle and shake pull up across the street on Castle 's chopper . Castle have he auto shotgun sling over he back and a .09 mm pistol stick in he waistband . castle you be sure this be the place ? shake I would stake my reputation on it . if I have one . Castle dismount and check he shotgun and the pistol . shake get a spare ? 57 . castle if they be hold the kid , it 's with a arsenal . you move leave instead of right , you be dead . shake the critic say the same thing about my hamlet . castle stay here . I would not want to get a ticket . he look up at a no parking sign and pat shake 's shoulder . castle you have do you fair share . Castle disappear into the shadow . shake look around a little nervous . to calm himself and pass the time , he take out a pair of bifocal and a tatter copy of backstage and begin read the classified . a black - glove pair of arm grab shake from behind and yank he into the shadow . cuT to : int . lumber yard Castle stalk through the lumber yard , cautious in the eerie silence . his sense keen and alert . a slight noise from behind spin he , shotgun at the ready . there be nothing . all of a sudden a brace of lumber from above he come slide off a second story shelf . Castle dive up a small aisle . the board hit the aisle support , break they . more lumber start to fall . Castle roll and run , lose he shotgun , stay only a few inch ahead of the avalanche of wood . bullet begin to spatter all around he and hell break loose . Castle turn the corner . two yakuza jump out with automatic gun . Castle hit a board stick out of the pile , it swing back into the yakuza knock they over . Castle pull a pistol out of he belt and pop up another aisle . Shots drive he back . he spin and fire up . a body fall from above . Castle run . a yakuza jump he from behind . he flip the man over and smashes he chest with a elbow crush he sternum . as Castle be about to head for the exit another blaze gun block he way . he sprint up another aisle . 58 . as he turn the corner , a hand grab he arm . he be flung into a sheaf of board . tomio kiais loudly and attack with a large punch . Castle duck . the punch smashes through the beam behind he , crack it with awesome force . tomio charge again . Castle block he punch and be crack with a backhand so strong it send he spin . tomio jump up and go to stop Castle . Castle roll out of the way at the last moment , grab a 2 x4 and rise to face tomio . his p.0o.v. to the leave a board hold back a stock of 2 x4' . tomio charge . Castle swing knock the board away . the 2x4 's fall on tomio , bury he . Castle run for the exit and almost make it , but sato jump out and fire a uzi across he path . Castle take off run through the stack of lumber , draw fire from all side . he swing onto a hoist and take off sailing over the fence landing outside the yard . he slam the door as the yakuza charge , fire , and bolt it with a thick board . he run for he motorcycle across the street . shake be nowhere to be find . the yakuza across the way pound on the door . Castle mount he chopper and take off . close up a hand swing a chain with a grapple hook . the hook fly through the air and land in Castle 's spoke . the bike upend . Castle fly off into a bunch of empty wooden crate . when he rise , the smallest black clad figure be walk towards he , mask but for the eye . Castle 's hand imperceptively grab a wooden dowel . wait , feign incapacity until the black clad figure be almost upon he . he spring , swinging with the dowel . the yakuza grab he arm and flip he over effortlessly . Castle roll out . the yakuza attack . Castle barely get out of the way . he grab the yakuza by the shoulder and go to flip he around but a wheel kick spin before he can , catch he in the jaw . stun , another wheel kick drive he to he knee . Castle attempt to get up . he be kick again and again . the other yakuza come burst out of the warehouse . Castle 's vision blur as the yakuza come run up . his assailant spin again , kick he in the head . he fall to he knee . his p.0o.v. before he fade to blackness . the yakuza remove the mask . it be tanaka 's daughter . a final wheel kick send Castle spin into darkness . fade out . fade in : Castle 's vision clear . his p.o.v. as the haze lift . he be strapped to a rack - like device with bright light 59 . overhead and darkness beyond . sato , tomio and tanaka 's daughter look down at he . a moment later tanaka come into view hold a remote control device in she hand . tanaka that be a very expensive question you ask in we place the other night . it cost we nearly two million dollar in cash . how much pain do you think that busy you ? castle be the question true or false or multiple choice ? tanaka neither . she hit a button on the remote control device . the rack creak back , stretch Castle 's every body fiber to the break point . she release the button , the machine relax . Castle go limp , panting with the pain . tanaka who send you ? castle nobody . tanaka hit the switch again . Castle scream in pain . tanaka do you get the impression I do not believe you ? Castle look she in the eye hard . castle do you think I give a shit ? she press the button again for a even longer time . Castle seem about to come apart at every seam . she take she finger off the button . tanaka you handle you own pain very well . let 's see how well you handle the pain of other . sato force Castle 's head to the side . Castle 's p.o.v . a light go on ten foot away . shake be tie to a similar rack . tanaka hit the remote control . shake scream with pain . Castle flinch . tanaka observe . 60 . castle he have nothing to do with it . tanaka then who do ? castle I already tell you . tanaka sigh . a very sadistic look man , ito , step forward . tanaka hand he the remote control device . tanaka I have a appointment . you will be in good hand with Mr. ito . he can keep you alive much - longer than you will want to be . I hope it will not come to that . good bye . tanaka exit with she escort , leave ito and two other yakuza in attendance . ito address Castle in japanese . then hit the switch on shake . the old man be pull beyond endurance . blood begin to trickle from he mouth . the yakuza go over and examine he with a stethoscope . they laugh . ito stretch he again , slapping he awake . close up castle' wrist as he work they back and forth against the rope that bind he hand to the rack . his blood start to flow , lubricate the bond . after a tortuous effort , Castle slide mostly out of the rope . castle okay . okay . no more . the yakuza turn around . the power be turn off shake who slump unconscious . castle come here ! ito address the other japanese . the two of they stand on either side of Castle , they jacket off , they shoulder holster in the open . castle ( whisper ) I get something ' to say . él . Castle pretend to be close to expiration . the two yakuza bend forward . ito what you have to say ? Castle whip he hand out from the binding and pull the two pistol cut of the shoulder holster of the two startle yakuza . he cross he hand leave over right . castle sayonara ! he pull the triggers and blow both yakuza away . ito go for he gun . Castle shoot he in the arm with one gun and shoot the rope bind he foot with the other . Castle hop off the rack and hoist ito onto it , tie he down . castle I do not want to stretch this out so why do not you tell I where the child be ? ito curse he in japanese , get a little nervous about the rack . Castle pick up the remote control . [ ito eye it nervously , steeling himself . Castle pause and then hit a button . ito scream . Castle 's face go hard . castle I know you understand I . you do not tell I where the child be , I hit this button so hard they will find you in piece like chicken at the supermarket . ite spit at Castle . castle have it you way . Castle hold he finger on the button so long that ito 's muscle start come away from he bone . his flesh start to rend . ito Avenue a! Avenue a! Castle release the button . he go over to shake and take the old man off the rack , examine he . shake regains consciousness . shake go . take care of the child . 62 . castle ( gently ) first thing first . he lift shake and start to exit . he look back at ito . his eye harden . he hit the button on the remote and toss it into the room , close the door on ito 's hellish scream . cuT to : int . lastrada restaurant the young boss be all seat around a back booth . franco be conspicuously absent . deleo have a cast on he hand . there be a dozen people in the restaurant have dinner . off to the side , the bodyguard frisk all the waiter and the kitchen help . tarrone you know , maybe franco be right . musso hey , we be totally cover . it 's a public place . we get fire power up the wazoo . tarrone I know . I know . I just do not like it . deleo ( sharp ) hey ! you want you kid back , or what ? tarrone what kind of stupid question be that ? deleo you know what you big problem be , Jimmy ? you get no fuckin’ ball . tarrone and you get no fuckin ' brain . deleo hey , let I tell you something ' about brain ... 63 . deleo never get to finish the sentence . the maitre d' come cover with a bottle of champagne and chill glass . maitre d' Mr. deleo ? you guest call and say she would be a few minute late . she send the champagne with she compliment . the boss look at each other suspiciously . deleo you first . maitre d' beg you pardon . laconne grab a glass off of the adjoin table . he pour some champagne . laconne drink it . the maitre d' look at the boss like they be a little crazy . he shrug and drink . maitre d' delicious . it 's we best bottle . the boss watch . nothing happen . tarrone okay . pour it . a glass be put down in front of each boss . the champagne be pour . deleo you know when we get the kid back , I be go to rip she fuckin ' heart out with my bare hand . I swear . none for I . I be on medication . he refuse he champagne . the glass stay empty . musso hey , salud ! here 's to the safe return of we child . the man clink they glass and drink . at that moment , tanaka and she daughter walk in . 64 . laconne here we go . the man stand up . tanaka so , Mr. franco decide not to attend . a smart decision . tarrone what be you talk about ? at that moment all the patron in the restaurant rise and pull out silence , automatic weapon and drill the bodyguard dead . then they turn they gun on the boss . deleo you fuckin ' bitch ! deleo pull out he gun . awkward , leave hand . tanaka 's daughter whip she wrist forward . two knife seem to fly out of she sleeve , pin deleo 's arm to the wall behind he . he scream in agony . the other boss freeze . tanaka do not move . tarrone come on . what be you waitin ' for ? you gonna kill we ? do it . tanaka I already have . the pain catch the boss all at once . they lung freeze . tarrone look at tanaka uncomprehendingly . laconne the champagne ! tanaka smile and pick up deleo 's empty glass . she run she finger around the inside rim . tanaka the glass . the boss die horribly right before we eye . she fill deleo 's champagne glass and approach he as he moan crucify to the wall . tanaka thirsty , Mr. delea ? she raise the poison glass . deleo raise he head and spit in she face . tanaka 's expression do not change . she put the glass down and calmly wipe she face . 65 . tanaka since you have refuse the drink , please accept the chaser . she lift he pistol off the table , jam the barrel in he mouth and pull the trigger . his brain decorate the wall . tanaka drop the pistol and exit follow by she daughter and all the other patron . cur to : int . castle' room Castle gently tuck shake into he bed after have bandage he . he grab a small saw - off shotgun and a pistol and exit . cuUT to : int . bus - night the last stop . one old drunk be asleep in the back . driver okay pop , last stop . the drunk do not move . the driver go back and shake he . driver hey pop . the drunk wave he away . driver okay . see you in fifteen minute . the driver exit and head for a coffee shop across the street . he be about to enter the coffee shop when the bus take off . driver hey ! hey ! the driver watch the bus move away , pick up speed . cuT to : 66 . int . bus the bus be move very fast . the drunk wake up as it whizze past the stop . drunk hey ! that 's my stop ! the bus do not slow down . drunk hey ! the drunk wobble to the front of the bus . drunk I say ... his p.o.v . Castle , he gun in evidence , black camouflage paint stripe on he face . the drunk 's eye go wide . Castle hit the brake , give the stunne drunk a transfer and nod for he to get off . the drunk do . he stand in the street watch the bus disappear into the misty night . cut to : ext . STREET a gray van with smoke black window rise over a dip in the road . a second and then a third van appear behind it . the soundtrack pulse ominously . cur to : ext . avenue a a dingy , desert row of crumble tenement . half the street lamp be out along the block . a black car with black window pull up to one building . sato exit and enter a tenement . cuut to : int . room Tommy listen at the door . when he hear footstep , he draw back and pick up he homemade weapon . he have organize the other kid . all the older one have make - shift weapon as well . the young cone hug the back wall . 67 . tommy remember the plan . the door start to open . tommy now ! as the two man enter , Tommy lunge at one with he spear , pin the man through the chest . the child overwhelm the second guard with they weapon . all the kid charge out of the room , Tommy lead . he now have a gun . a yakuza in the hall stand to confront they . Tommy blow they away . tommy this way ! watch the little one . the kid run down the stair . sato , at the bottom , look up . Tommy fire three shot at he . sato duck back . tommy come on , let 's go ! the kid run down the stair , Tommy cover they with the gun . they be three quarter of the way down when sato jump at Tommy , a bullet graze he arm . he grab Tommy and fling he against the wall . the other guard spring into action , jump on all the kid . Tommy see a spare gun lie by a chair . in the confusion he grab it and fire it in the air . everyone stop and turn . he point the automatic weapon at the yakuza . tommy okay , let they go ! I say , let they go ! in a instant , sato whip out a knife and grab a little girl . the knife go to she throat . sato put down gun . tommy let she go ! sato I give you three . one , two . Tommy drop the gun . sato drop the child and backhand Tommy across the room . sato bark order in japanese . the child be all gather and herde back upstairs . sato 68 . grab Tommy and drag he upstairs . the kid be put back in the room . Tommy be throw into a small closet . the door be lock . cuT to : ext . STREET close up the van move inexorably forward , fill the screen ; the soundtrack pulsing . cut to : int . bus Castle maneuver the bus down the desolate street , stick to the alleyway . CUT to : ext . build sato look up and down the street . a caravan of headlight appear at the far end . cur to : ext . rear alley the bus pull up and stop . Castle swing up onto the roof of the bus and survey the metal - shutter window of the building he be hard up against . he grab onto a fire escape and swing up towards they . CUT to : int . room the kid be all huddle together under the watchful eye of two armed yakuza . cuut to : ext . STREET the gray van pull up . they driver , rough look Middle Eastern type , exit and shake hand with sato . the side of the van open to reveal manacle rivete to the wall and 69 . floor below the blank bench . sato talk into a walkie-talkie . cuUT to : int . room one of the yakuza get sato 's call on he hand set . yakuza outi out ! the kid be force out of the room . CUT to : ext . rear of build on the fire escape , Castle listen through a metal shutter . he set two miniature charge into the shutter 's lock and blow they . he pull open the grate and step cautiously into the room . he draw he knife from he boot . cuT to : ext . hallway the kid be line up in the hallway . one yakuza in front of they , one behind , wait for the second call . the door open suddenly , knock the first man senseless . before the second yakuza can draw he gun , Castle 's knife be bury in he chest . the kid regard Castle fearfully . his eye soften , look at they . castle I be here to take you home . the kid hesitate , then one little girl step forward and take Castle 's hand . the touch of she hand bring back a flood of memory and he smile . castle come on . he lead they back into the room . CUT to : 70. ext . build sato , grow impatient , call into he hand set . he get no answer . he head into the building . cuT to : int . room the kid almost all file out through the window . boy they lock Tommy in a closet . castle where ? boy out in the hall . Castle run out into the hall and begin open the different door with increase urgency . cur to : int . build sato come burst in . he order two of the yakuza to follow he up the stair . cut to : castle open door after door in a long hallway until he come to one that be lock . he take he knife and bang the lock open . Tommy fall out . he squint . his eye adjust to the light . Tommy look into Castle 's eye . there be something that look familiar . the same hold true for Castle . Castle hear footstep on the stair . he grab Tommy 's hand and start to run back toward the room . cuT to : sato hear the noise , he sprint ahead of he escort take the stair three at a time and see Castle and Tommy run into the room . sato jump inte the room . Castle with Tommy half 71 . out the window , throw he knife . sato duck . the knife slam the door shut revealing one of the little child behind it , scared , suck she thumb . sato 's eye go to the child . he leap . Castle leap at sato catch he broad side . they fight furiously . Tommy grab the little girl and pass she down just as Castle be about to be stab by sato . Tommy turn , make a decision and jump hit sato 's arm deflect the knife . Castle roll out but before he can save Tommy , the other yakuza burst in and fire they weapon , drive Castle out the window . he jump down the fire escape hit the bus roof and swinging inside just as fire start rake the roof . castle get down ! bullet pepper the roof as Castle take off . cur to : ext . build sato come run out shouting order to the driver of the three gray van . a dozen yakuza pile in the van and take off . cuT to : int . bus Castle barrel the bus down the narrow back alley . slam anything that get in he way ; garbage can , debris . his p.o.v. between building on the street run parallel to the alley . the gray van in hot pursuit . Castle see the end of the alley . a gray van suddenly skid in front , block he way . yakuza jump out and start fire they automatic weapon . Castle hit the accelerator . his windshield shatter . the yakuza jump out of the way . one go through the open windshield as Castle blow into the van and turn leave onto the street proper . the kid scream as the yakuza run toward Castle , a gun in he hand . Castle turn a corner sharply as the man reach he leveling he weapon . he open the door and with one foot kick the man out . he turn back to the road . his p.o.v. through the rear view mirror . two van in hot pursuit . the rear window be shattered by gunfire . Castle turn onto another street . it be larger with oncoming traffic . Cars fly onto the curb hit post , run into building . one of the van pull up alongside the bus . 72 . through the side mirror , Castle 's p.o.v . a yakuza have jump from the van grab the side of the bus . Castle swerve try to knock he off but the man hang on , try to climb up through a window . two girl jump up and sink they tooth into he hand . the yakuza fall off scream . the van pull abreast of Castle . a yakuza , in the driver 's side , point he weapon . Castle hit he brake . the van shoot past , the shot miss . now the van be in front of the bus . Castle hit the accelerator and bang into the van . angle on the van 's driver grow nervous as he lose control of the wheel . gunmen inside try to open the rear door but the bus have they block close . castile push the van hard off the street , and into a building . the van explode . Castle spot the third van , come at he from . the right . he turn the wheel sharply onto a even wider boulevard . the gray van try to pull alongside . sato appear with a automatic weapon at the open door . Castle turn the bus just as the gun fire . Police siren start to sound in the background . the gray van come alongside again . sato set to jump through the open bus door . Castle look at sato as he be about to jump then sato look forward . he see something which make he change he mind . the van turn off sharply onto a side street . Castle turn he head forward . his p.o.v . two dozen police ear , they light flash , block the street . cop be all around , gun point . Castle hit the brake . castle hold on ! the bus go plow into the police car . a fire hydrant burst . Street lamp topple . cop scramble fer safety . the bus finally come to a stop . the cop surround the bus , gun point at the entrance . for a long moment nothing happen . then the bus door open . a child appear , then another and another until all the child be out . the cop keep they gun train on the door . a moment later , Castle appear with a little girl in he arm . he look at the wall of gun and stunne face . he lower the little girl to the ground and slowly raise he hand in the air . cur to : int . jail corridor triple security be in effect . armed guard with bullet proof vest line the corridor . footstep sound , follow by 73 . the clanking of one steel door after another . berkowitz appear before the last steel door . it open . he be accompany by two heavily armed guard . they stop before a metal cell door guard by two more armed man . berkowitz nod . the door be open . the two guard prepare to enter with berkowitz . he wave they off , steel himself and enter . cur to : int . cell the door close . Castle manacle from head to toe sit with he back to the door . emotion play heavily across berkowitz 's face . he compose himself and walk in front of Castle . berkowitz ( warm ) hello , Frank . castle hello , Jake . there 's no emotion in Castle 's voice . berkowitz how you be ? castle keeping busy . berkowitz I know . I be in charge of the body count . ( sincere ) what the hell happen , Frank ? castle I wake up one morning and I find myself dead , Jake . berkowitz and so you decide everyone else have to be too ? castle only the guilty one . berkowitz court decide who 's guilty , not cop . I have be after you five year . you know that ? 74 . castle I know that . berkowitz then why do not you come to I for help ? castle ~ I do not need help . berkowitz you do not realize it . you do . you be sick , Frank . castle no I be not . berkowitz no ! what the hell do you call a hundred twenty - five murder in five year ? castle work in progress . berkowitz lose he temper and grab Castle by the shirt pull he face to within inch . berkowitz they be my family too Frank , remember ? this be no fuckin’ joke . they be go to electrocute you and there 's nothing I can do about it if you do not help I , goddamn it ! now stop it ! in he frustration , he shake Castle . castile look at he with dead eye . berkowitz realize the futility of he plea . berkowitz what the fuck be I do . you wanna die ? die ! I do not give a fuck . my friend die five year ago anyway . berkowitz bang on the metal door . it open . he turn once more to Castle 's back . Castle do not move . with a sigh of great sadness , berkowitz exit . 75 . close up Castle 's face . stone except for one small tear form in the corner of he eye . cuT to : frank castle' face warped by billow heat as he move through a column of burn flame . in super- slow motion he move forward . his little girl be in the back seat , scream , pound at the window of a car . Castle reach back and punch the glass , shatter the window . he reach into the car for the girl . his hand fill the frame . Castle pull the girl to he chest only they be no longer in the burn wreck but in a bright , sun dapple , grassy field . he spin they around and around laugh happily as Julie watch , sit on the grass nearby . Castle put the little girl down . they mother beckon to they and they go run into she arm . close up on Julie as she smile at she husband . Castle smile back and start to walk towards she when suddenly a wall of flame shoot up in front of he family and then another , then ancther , until they be completely obscure by the fire . Castle scream at the top of he lung . castle no ! there be a tremendous , blind explosion . CUT to : int . cell Castle jerk up from he cot , he body soak with sweat . his chest rise and fall like a marathon runner 's . he be shake to he very soul . cuT to : close up : a t.v. screen the interior of the jail . a score of armed guard surround a prison van wait for Castle . reporter in a few moment , Frank Castle , the ex-police officer who have wage a one - man war against ( more ) 76 . reporter ( continued ) organize crime for the past five year , will be escort to court to face a unprecedented one hundred twenty - five first degree murder charge . the door from the jail open . the guard shift to high alert . Castle emerge , heavily manacle and walk the twenty step to the van . before enter , he stop to look around . not find who he 's look for , Castle enter the van . the door be slam shut and lock . the garage door open . the van , with a escort of two police car , pull out . reporter and so begin the leng road to justice for the man who have redefine the term . the t.v. be shut off . angle on franco sit in he son 's room . his face draw from lack of sleep . the t.v. remote in he hand . CUT to : int . van Castle , chain to the bench , stare at Sam sit opposite he . castle where 's berkowitz ? SAM hurting . what happen between you when he come to see you ? castle what do you care ? SAM I care . ( beat ) I be he partner . Castle register surprise . SAM you surprised he have a partner ? or he have I ? castle both . SAM I be in the academy when the two of you be make headline . everyone need a star to set they course by . I choose you . I study every case you ever make . every bust and use what I learn to make myself as good as you . ( beat ) he 's be carry the burden for a long time by himself . he need help . you be not there . I be the next best thing . ( beat ) now I be the only thing . he resign from the force after he see you . Castle turn he face away . SAM you know you be kill he . he live for the day he find you so he could help you . that 's all he have and now you be take that away . ( beat ) I can understand punish that you hate , but not that you love . Castle 's jaw tighten uncharacteristically . he avoid Sam 's gaze . ext . STREET the escort car , follow the van , be broadside suddenly from a side street . 77 . 78 , int . van the driver and guard in the front of the van turn at the noise behind they . when they turn back to the windshield , a truck have pull out in front of they , seemingly out of nowhere . they hit head on and both go through the windshield . CUT to : int . van Sam be throw against the wall and knock unconscious . Castle rattle around but chain down look around confuse . the van door be blow off . Three mask man with gun appear . Sam get up feebly go for she gun . one man wack she with he pistol . she go out again . a fourth man step forward and point a pistol straight at Castle 's heart . man nighty , night asshole ! he fire a dart into Castle 's chest . Castle 's vision blur . fade in Castle 's vision clear . his ?.0.V. franco stand in front of he in a dark , empty room underneath a single glaring light . in the shadow beyond , Castle can make out the outline of armed man . he focus on franco . franco surprise ? Castle say nothing . franco okay , I will do the talk . five year ago I leave this country with a six year old boy . you meet he at the airport . I never want he to know what I be or what I do . I send he to the best private school in Europe , get he the best tutor . he speak three language besides English now . he skis like a pro , jump horse like a goddamn cavalry officer and write short storey so beautiful they would break you heart . franco 's voice 79 . catch . he hold up a picture of Tommy . Castle be stunne . smash CUT to : tommy jumping and deflect sato's knife . Castle take a franco lean forward and unlock Castle 's manacle . chain fall to CUT back to : franco I want he back . I can not do it myself or I would . I need you Castle . I need you to help I get my son back . I will do anything you want , give you anything you want , just help I get my boy back . castle why do not you just pay the ransom ? franco I offer . double . he 's not for sale , price . they say at any long moment . castle all right . but just so it 's straight , I do this for he , not for you . for you I have ether plan . franco I be sure you do . the the ground . franco turn and walk off into the darkness leave Castle alone , unchain beneath the glaring light . int . bar CUT to : berkowitz be sit at the drink . a game show program the bar be interrupt by a abduction . berkowitz look whom the affair have not yet bar lose in he thought and a blaring on the television above news bulletin of Frank Castle 's up from he drink , a lover for end . he rush out . cuT to : 80. close up White spray paint be apply to black kevlar body armor . pull back to Castle spray painting a stylize skull across the body armor . pull back again to reveal a arsenal of a room stockpile with enough fire power to fight a war . two of franco 's bodyguard watch bemuse from the corner . the door open . franco in a kevlar vest enter . he look at Castle , then at he bodyguard . one bodyguard tap he head | smirk at Castle . franco nod in agreement . he approach Castle , he face and voice mirror of sincerity . franco I just want you to know that no matter what happen , from the bottom of my heart , I thank you . Castle keep painting as if franco be not there . franco go to exit . he address a bodyguard . franco ( low ) if he survive , I do not care what it take , how much money . how many man . find he . kill he . CUT to : int . tanaka's private room tanaka and she daughter dress in traditional japanese kimono be do ikebana , the art of traditional flower arrange . the shogi screen slide open and Tommy be bring in by sato and tomio . tanaka smile warmly . tanaka ah , Tommy . I just want to say good bye to you before you leave . . tommy ( excited ) I be go home ? tanaka to you new home . tanaka push a button on a remote control . a large black glass descend cover a whole wall . she push another 81 . button . the black glass be backlit turn into a map of the world with red light dotting large part of Asia and a few coastal area of the western hemisphere . tanaka this be we empire . she hit another button . Green light dot throughout the U.S. and Canada . tanaka soon this will be too and we will need someone to run it . someone who feel like they but think like we . I have choose that someone to be you . you will be send to Japan , where you mind will be train , shape , mold until here . she tap she head . tanaka we will be the same . you will have more rich than you father ever dream of . more power than he ever know exist . you will be the first american yakuza overlord . ( pause ) what do you think of that for a future ? Tommy regards she for a moment . then pick one of the ikebana vase and hurl it through the entire glass wail . the map shatter . tanaka 's composure do not . she nod to sato who grab Tommy and lead he away . cuUT to : int . sewer franco , castile and shake huddle over blueprint . shake move in too close to franco who look at he askance with distance . shake smile at he mischievously and move a step closer . franco and Castle be armed to the tooth with uzis and pistol . franco they be right above we , forty one storey up . the elevator stop at forty . we will need a ( more ) 82 . franco ( continued ) key to get it to forty - one which a guard have in the lobby . we can get there through this vent . you ready ? castle after you . franco climb up rung lead into a tube go into the building . Castle pull a explosive device from he pocket and slap it onto a thick electrical power box whose wire run up into the building . he take two beeper out , hand one to shake and clip one on he belt . castle when the first signal light go on , throw the first switch . second signal light , the second switch . signal check . Castle press the beeper on he belt . . the red light on shake 's beeper flash . castle wait for my signal . Castle go to climb up the rung . shake sir ? he hold out he hand . Castle regards he for a moment and take he hand and shake it . shake just in case . it 's be a honer to know you . castle likewise . Castle hand shake a pistol and one of he skull - top dagger . castle just in case . Castle disappear . shake sit down place the gun and dagger on one side and the beeper on the other . he take out a pair of bifocal , a tatter copy of backstage out of he pocket and turn to the classified . cuT to : 83. int . vent Castle and franco peer out a vent open at two yakuza guard the elevator in the empty lobby . franco take out he pistol , screw on a silencer and go to take aim through the vent . Castle stop he . he remove a skull dagger from he boot sheath and undoe the four screw on the vent then he tap on the vent until the noise catch the yakuza 's attention . franco ( whisper ) what the hell be you do ? one yakuza guard come over to the vent to investigate . Castle hold he dagger poise . the yakuza peer into the vent . Castle thrust the dagger into he throat . castle now ! Castle thrust forward push the vent and the yakuza out of the way . the other yakuza , catch by surprise , do not even get a chance to raise he gun . franco drill a bullet through he heart before he can fire . Castle and franco jump out and head for the elevator . franco take a set of key off the dead yakuza . Castle replace the dagger in he boot . the elevator door open . franco enter hold the door . franco come on ! Castle stoops and activate another plastic explosive charge on a pillar by the elevator bank . he run into the elevator . the door close . cur to : int . sewer shake read he paper lock down at he beeper . his p.o.v. a large rat be make its way towards the beeper . shake go to swat it with he newspaper . the rat scurries away . the beeper tip and fall through a narrow space in the floor . shake groan and try to reach the beeper strain he finger . it be just a bit out of reach . cuT to : 84. int . elevator Castle and franco reach forty . the elevator stop . franco begin insert key after key into the control panel look for the right one . Castle check he weapon . franco can I ask you a question ? what 's the reason behind you kill all that guy ? I mean , there 's a limit to revenge . castle I guess I have not reach mine yet . franco find the right key . the elevator begin to move . curt to : int . sewer shake strain to reach the remote control when a huge rat attack he hand . he scream in pain withdraw he bloody finger . curt to : int , elevator the elevator stop . Castle and franco unstrap they silence equip uzis . franco ready ? castle wait . Castle hit the first switch on he remote . cur to : int . sewer shake see the first light go on . he force he hand back in . the rat attack again . curt to : 85 . int . elevator Castle look at he remote . he press the button again . franco we gotta do it . Castle forget the beeper and point he uzi at the door . franco push the button . both man tense in readiness . the door open . they jump out . they p.o.v. twenty yakuza divide into two line practice iaido , the art of the sword . each man have a live blade in front of he . in a blink of a eye the yakuza seize they sword and charge . Castle and franco spray the hall with silence uzi fire . the yakuza go down like cut wheat . as the two man jump out of the elevator , they gun spitting death , one yakuza lunge from the side . Castle drill he , grab he sword and send it through another charge yakuza . in a moment all the yakuza be dead . franco look at two door one on either side of the room . franco which way ? a door on the leave open and two yakuza appear , startle by the carnage . they sound the alarm draw they gun . castle not that one . he fire off a burst drop the two yakuza . Castle and franco exit on the run through the opposite door . more yakuza appear and charge after they . Castle and franco run down the hall , yakuza bullet come closer . a shogi screen door open , a yakuza charge out . franco drop he with a shot to the head . cur to : int . sewer the rat take another bit of shake 's hand as he try vainly to reach the box . finally , shake pull he hand out , grab the revolver Castle leave he and drill the rat with four quick shot . shake try to jam the gun barrel down and touch the button . it will not fit through the grate . he grab the dagger and with the point push the first switch , the electric box some ten yard off explode throw shake to the ground . cut to : 86. int . yakuza headquarters Castle and franco come run around a corner and reach a dead end in a shogi-line hall . they turn as the yakuza also turn the corner . suddenly the light go out . in the dark there be tremendous shouting , shoot and confusion . a moment later the emergency light go on . the hallway be bath in red light . the yakuza look around . Castle and franco be go . the yakuza 's confusion turn : to terror as deadly fire rip through the shogi screen to they leave and right . Castle and franco empty they clip into the yakuza then kick out the remain shogi and meet each other over the body . castle you go leave ! I will go right ! the two man take off in opposite direction . cut to : int . marked car berkowitz cruise the street listen to the police radio . v.0 . double homicide . two japanese male at 2603 Broad Street . identify characteristic : complete body tattoo . berkowitz perk up , turn on he red light and hit the accelerator . cuuut to : int . yakuza headquarters museum road Castle stalking down a red , light hallway past display fill with antique weapon and suit of japanese armor . as he pass two suit of armor , they suddenly come alive . Castle turn as two sickle flash out stripping he of he uzi and slice into he kevlar . the helmet come off revealing tomio and sato . sato attack with he sai . Castle grab a antique sword from another set of armor and block the sai without a inch to spare . he counter , slashing at sato 's armor . the breastplate fall away . sato spin and throw he third sai from he belt stripping Castle of he sword . Castle kick sato send he off balance and crash through a glass display . the glass slashes through he entire expose body . 87 . tomio attack , a whirlwind with sickle . Castle back pedal , throw a kimono rack in tomio 's path . tomio slice right through it and keep come . he slashes as Castle twist away . the sickle cut the strap of the kevlar suit and the beeper belt . with another quick move , the sickle point catch the kevlar and rip it from Castle 's body . tomio fling the armor away and charge Castle . Castle grab a staff and try to defend himself swinging at tomio 's foot . tomio jump up and come down split the staff with he sickle and cut Castle neatly across the face . Castle swing a large metal weapon which knock tomio 's sickle away . tomio spin at the same time and kick Castle with a back kick . Castle double over . tomio knee he in the face . Castle fall back . tomio spin again kick he head leave , then right . he punch Castle hard . Castle fall into a wall fill with weapon and sink to the floor . Castle 's p.o.v . his beeper within reach . tomio grab a samurai sword from the wall , cock he entire body back and charge Castle . Castle hit he beeper . cuT to : int . sewer shake see the second light go on and hit the switch with he knife . cur to : ext . build the lobby door blow out with the force of the explosion . the whole building rock . cuT to : int . museum room the force of the explosion rock the building . tomio lose he balance as he be about to slash at Castle and falis backward . Castle grab a spear off of the wall and fling it for all he be worth . the spear pierce through tomio 's antique armor with such force it come out the other side , pin the man to the wall behind he . castle I hope I get my point across . Castle find he pistol and rush out of the room . CUT to : 88. ext . build half a dozen police car , light swirl , surround the entrance . berkowitz 's car come to a screeching halt as a manhole cover in the street open and shake come hobbling out . berkowitz exit he car and run right into shake , knock he down . berkowitz you okay ? he help shake up . shake do not worry about this poor old slob . get on the case , do you job . berkowitz look . at this rhyme bum askance . berkowitz Murray . get this nut out of here . a uniform cop come and take shake away lead he by the arm . shake I operate under my own power . thank you . as he pull away , something fall out of he coat and clatter to the sidewalk . berkowitz turn at the sound . his p.o.v . the skull dagger . he stride over and pick it up . berkowitz hey ! shake turn but before berkowitz can continue , gun fire erupt from the building . when berkowitz turn again , shake have disappear into the night . berkowitz hurry into the building . cuut to : int . tanaka's headquarters franco move cautiously along a wall . from behind a shogi a burst of gun fire catch he in the chest . franco fall . two yakuza kick the screen down and approach he corpse . he bolt up , surprising both of they , fill they with deadly 89 . lead . his p.o.v. through the break shogi as he sit up . tanaka , she daughter who be all dress in white , and Tommy hurry across the far corridor and through a door . franco Tommy ! Tommy turn . tommy dad ! tanaka stop then hurry through the door . her daughter fire a .09 mm at franco . he dive for cover . she make she escape . franco recover and go after they . ccut to : int . build lobby in the smokey rubble - fill lobby the cop wait anxiously as a repair man take he time try to get the elevator to work . berkowitz be explode with impatience . berkowit2 we be not get all day here ! repairman elevator be very temperamental thing . not many people know that , but it 's true . berkowitz lean over and talk into he ear . berkowitz so be cop who feel they be gettin ' jerk around . so can the philesophy and get I up there . a second later the elevator start sound high up . berkowitz look up to the number . the car be descend from the top floor . cuut to : int . tanaka's headquarters franco move quickly , but cautiously through the room . cut to : 90. castle move along a corridor , bloody but mobile . he open a shogi screen . his p.o.v . across the room , through the far shogi , tanaka , she daughter and Tommy in silhouette . the daughter 's silhouette climb the wall like a spider , disppear on the roof into the ceiling . tanaka and Tommy move past . Castle see they briefly as they pass the slightly open door . Castle hear footstep come fast . his p,o.v. franco 's silhouette come run down the hall and stop . CUT to : franco charge down the hall and come up short . his p.o.v . tanaka at the end of the hall , she hand over Tommy 's mouth . Tommy try desperately to warn he father of the danger above , but franco do not see it . tanaka Mr. franco . Nice to see you again . if I know you be come , I would have prepare a little something . franco cut the crap ! I want my boy ! tanaka yes . I get that feel . franco let he go . you get everything you want . tanaka not quite yet . franco have walk past where tanaka 's daughter be camouflage into the white ceiling . she make she way down behind he on a short rope and prepare to throw a knife into he back , when Castle come diving through the shogi tackle she into the next shogi wall . franco turn to see the two of they lock in deadly embrace . tanaka escape with Tommy . franco hesitates one moment and then run after he son , leave Castle to face he fate . Castle grasp the woman 's wrist . she twist around and under and flip he through the shogi . he roll and rise . she flick she wrist , a knife barely miss Castle 's face 91 . and embed in a beam . before Castle can recover , she jump -kick right at he . Castle barely have time to get out of the way as she shoe side rip across he face leave a long gash . Castle fall back as she kick again . he let it go past and then grab she and try to flip she but she reverse on he , punch he twice , hard , send he reeling . again she attack with she foot , but this time she sweep he foot out from under he . he land on he back hard . she lift a heel . Castle 's p.o.v . two sharp spike come right out of the heel like spur . the spike come down a inch from he head with such force they stick into the wooden floor . Castle lock she foot in place and push she forward . she tumble in slow motion , come up and spin with another knife in she hand cock she arm to throw it . she release . at the same moment , Castle yank she shoe out of the floor and throw it . her knife catch Castle in the arm and pierce through . his shoe catch she square in the chest . the side embed in she heart like a hatchet . she fall over dead . Castle yank the knife out of he arm and hobble off . curt to : int . lobby the elevator come . berkowitz and a dozen cop in riot gear pile in . cuut to : int . corridor franco run down a corridor towards the two door to tanaka 's private quarter . he burst through the door and stop cold in the doorway . tanaka stand in the middle of the room with a knife to Tommy 's throat . tanaka not another step , Mr. franco . franco go to move forward . tanaka draw a bead of blood from Tommy 's throat with she knife . franco flinch and stop . franco you can not win here . you kill he , I kill you . tanaka and who lose more ? certainly not I . 92 . franco realize what she say be true . his shoulder slump . the gun go to he side . franco what do you want ? tanaka get on you knee . franco hesitates . tanaka pull Tommy 's hair back tighter and put the knife up against he throat . franco comply and get to he knee . tanaka put the gun in you mouth . franco be stunne . tanaka you have my word . he will live . Tommy try to shake he head . franco 's conflict be huge . franco how do I know you will keep it ? tanaka you do not . but some chance be better than no chance . after a long moment , franco make he decision . slowly he raise the gun to he mouth . he put the barrel to he lip . tanaka all the way in . franco insert the entire barrel into he mouth . Tommy try to turn he head away . tanaka yank it back force he to watch . tanaka this be part of you education . watch ! ( beat ) Goodbye , Mr. franco . franco try to summon up the courage to pull the trigger , when Castle lunge from behind through the decor push franco over and simultaneously fling she daughter 's knife into tanaka 's forehead . as Castle fall to the floor , the 93 . knife in tanaka 's hand fall away from Tommy 's throat . her eye go blank . she topple backward , Tommy run into franco 's arm . they hug fiercely . franco kiss he face over and over . his p.o.v . Castle sit up , propped against tanaka 's concert piano . franco 's mind go to work . franco Tommy . wait outside for a minute . Mr. Castle and I have to tie up some loose end . tommy okay dad . Tommy walk towards the door . franco approach Castle . Castle 's p.o.v . franco 's hard vengeful eye , the gun in he hand . there be no doubt as to he intent . Castle sit bleed , batter , seemingly exhaust . he do not move . a man await he fate . franco you help I . now I be go to help you , ( beat ) to the next world . have a nice trip . you son of a bitch . franco raise the gun . angle on Tommy turn at the door . tommy dad ! not franco keep he eye on Castle . his gun levele . franco wait outside , son . tommy he save you . he save I . franco you do not understand what be involved . now get outside ! tommy I do understand . you be what they say . franco turn angry . franco ( scolding ) I say wait ... 94 . he never get to finish the sentence for Castle have thrust a skull dagger , from he boot , into franco 's gut . franco fall over dead , the dagger stick up . Tommy be stunne . he and Castle look at each other for a long moment . Tommy throw himself on he father 's body , sobbing . Castle get up slowly , painfully . he pick up franco 's gun , stick it in he waistband and start to leave the room . tommy I be go to kill you ! Castle stop in the doorway and turn slowly . tommy I do not care how long it take . when I be old enough I be go to learn how to use a gun and I be go to find you and I be go to kill you . Castle take franco 's gun walk towards Tommy . the his chest heave with it . take the gun , raise it , out of he waistband and slowly hate in Tommy 's eye be unabate . he do not back down . castile point it at Tommy . castle it 's easy to learn . there 's nothing to it . you flip the safety , aim and pull the trigger . he point the gun at Tommy and then turn it around , lift Tommy 's hand and put it firmly on the handle . he get down on he knee and place the gun barrel between he eye . castle do it ! get it over with now . maybe if you do , you will not grow up and be like he . a thousand emotion play across Tommy 's face . he bite he lip , try to steel himself to the task , but he can not pull the trigger . a sense of satisfaction , a hint of softness fill Castle 's eye . he rise and look down at Tommy kindly . Tommy break down and begin to sob . Castle put he arm around he shoulder . Tommy lean on he , sobbing into he chest . cuut to : 95 . int . hall the elevator door open . berkowitz and the other cop pile out . the carnage stop they for a moment , then berkowitz start run . berkowitz Frank ! where be you ? Frank ! cut to : int . tanaka's room Castle hear berkowitz . he step away from Tommy ready to leave . castle you be a good boy , Tommy . grow up and be a good man . he take two step to the window and turn . castle because if not , ( pause ) I will be wait . he fix Tommy with a look a young boy will not forget for a long time , if ever , and exit through the window . Tommy stand beside he father 's corpse numb . berkowitz and the cop burst into the room , they gun levele . berkowitz look at Tommy , then at franco , then at Tommy again . berkowitz what 's you name ? tommy Tommy franco . berkowitz the man who do this Tommy , which way do he go ? Tommy look at berkowitz plainly and point at a door to the leave . cop come on ! the cop run out . berkowitz be about to follow they when he see a trail of blood lead to the open window . he look at Tommy once more , suspiciously , and head for the window . 96 . he look outside leave , then right outside . there be nothing but the night . his frustration build . he bellow into the night . berkowitz Frank Castle ! I be here Frank . do you hear I ? I be here . Frank ! fraaank ! zoom out as he plaintive cry reverberate through the night shroud city . 200m out to the star twinkle in the heaven . castle ( v.0o . ) I still talk to God sometimes . I ask he if what I be do be right or wrong . the screen go to black . castle ( v.o. } I be still wait for a answer . the end