the ploughman' lunch - by Ian mcewan < !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> the ploughman' lunch a original screenplay by Ian mcewan Post production draft , 1985 fade in : int . BBC radio newsroom - late morning we be in close as a story arrive on a press service teleprinter . a Hand tear away the sheet . the camera track as we follow the story . it pass through the copytaster 's hand and it pass on down to the summary desk . this be a time of steady activity . journalist move about the room to consult . other be write in longhand , and several be dictating copy to typist , who be all woman . one or two people - newsreaders - sit about do nothing . much movement of paper . over the sound of typewriter and the murmur of dictating voice we hear a woman' voice over the p.a. announce , " the leader of the opposition on five " . a few journalist pick up they headsets , but they do not stop write . we establish the atmosphere - laconic but efficient , and a little down - at-heel . at the summary desk we find jame penfield . he stand to the side of a little behind a seat secretary , dictating in a laconic deadpan voice from a sheet of scrawle longhand . jame between fifty and sixty scrap metal worker be .. the phone ring . James snatch it and answer without break stride . jame hello . newsroom . the secretary wait , she face totally inexpressive . jame who ? Paul Dean ? he do not work here anymore . another journalist ( call over he shoulder as he pass ) go to irn . jame no. no. sorry . try irn . he drop the receiver and continue . the secretary reactivate . jame .. report to have land illegally on the island of South Georgia in the South Atlantic . the foreign Office react sceptically to report that Argentine government be plan .. int . newsroom - late morning James and a newsreader ( one of that we see earlier do nothing ) stand together by the photocopier . walk with control haste and carry the news sheet , they head towards the studio . a clock behind they show two minute to twelve . int . studio - late morning James and the newsreader sit at a table in the studio , fairly close together . the newsreader settles himself behind the microphone . James sit back , professionally bored , roll a stub of a pencil between he finger . through a large loudspeaker we hear a Radio 4 programme wind up . theme music . the newsreader have a plummy authoritative voice and be a year or two young than James . he stare down at the news sheet . from the Control room a woman announce " one Minute " . jame how 's Mary ? newsreader ( stung then recover ) oh , she 's well . jolly well . thanks . very well indeed . from the Studio Controller 's Pov we see the newsroom behind James and the newsreader , who chat soundlessly . momen' voice before the news at twelve o'clock , there 's just time to tell you about woman 's hour this afternoon . Commander freddy bracknell will be talk about he four year as a german pow in stalag Three , and mountaineer John Clayton will be relive the thrill and peril of everest . also , polly Morrell will be find out from the historian prefessor John gerty how the government of Eastern Europe distort they recent past in history book to suit they present policy and allegiance . that 's freddy bracknell , John Clayton and John gerty , all on woman 's hour just after two o'clock this afternoon the six pip . the sweep hand of the clock . the red light . newsreader BBC News at twelve o'clock . there be cautious optimism in Brussels that formula may be reach to break -- ext . brixton - late afternoon James hurry home through the din of rush hour brixton . int . jame ' flat - late afternoon James ' flat be one floor of a large victorian house . the decent-size room knock together make a very large bedsit room . bare board , junk furniture , but elegant . heavy stereo stack , a lot of record , a lot of paperback . in high spirit , James prepare to go out . he choose a shirt , begin to undress . the tv be on . int . jame ' flat - night a hour later . James be dress to go out . the big room be now in darkness except for the light by James ' armchair . he be talk on the phone to he friend Jeremy hancock . jame c'mon , you promise ... tell she you have get to finish a piece ... I know ... I know , but it 's my big night ... yes she 's go to be there ... c' mon ! all I want you to do be introduce I to she . and remember , build I up ... good man . int . publishing house - night a high -ceiling room in a publishing house , bloomsbury . a launch party . about forty guest . waiter take round trays with glass of wine . by some large double door be a display of school textbooks . most prominently feature be the book be launch today - goldbook school Series no. 5 the cold War , edit by prefessor J. gerty . James be lead by a personal assistant through the crowd to meet gold , who be surround by attentive young men . gold ..... take he by the elbow , steer he into a quiet corner and say " where do you think you be , young man ? faber ? " from the circle of polite laughter , gold extend he hand towards James . gold glad you could come . personal assiatant James penfield . gold good , good . now be someone get you a drink . personal assiatant wrote the Berlin airlift chapter . job do , p.a. fade . gold I know , I know ! gentlemen , let I introduce you to one of we most talented contributor to the cold war. James penfield . he write the open chapter , on ' the Berlin airlift ' . one of the best chapter in the book . jame hello . gold I will not introduce you all by name . basically James , this be we UK sale team . what be I say ? yes , this graduate trainee ... twenty minute later . jeremy have just come in and be surveying the room from the doorway . he take a drink from a tray , notice James across the room and smile ruefully . Jeremy hancock be a journalist , same age as James , good - look and well - dress . a fairly corrupt look about he , despite this . he be intelligent and intensely self - regard . James make he way through the crowd towards Jeremy . they stand on the doorway - a position which afford they a good view of the guest in the room and that guest who be still arrive by way of a grand and ornate stairway . jeremy my dear James . with mock solemnity , he kiss James on the cheek . jame not here . jeremy to the airlift . jame to the airlift . jeremy any sign of the goddess barrington ? jame not yet you know any of this people ? jeremy one or two . a grey lot . some social democrat . some diligent anti-communist . a political section man from the US embassy . and this exquisite Californian wine , courtesy of the CIA . jame nonsense . they look across the room at gold be listen to . jermey by the way , I hear that you Mr. gold be about to become very rich . I hope you tell he that most of the idea in you Berlin airlift chapter come from I . jame fuck off . susan ( o.s. ) so it 's all work out perfectly ... jame that 's she . the two man go to the head of the stair to watch susan come up . susan she get 's the house , he get 's the car . and the baby be still in Switzerland with the au pair . susan barrington be in she late twenty . flamboyant , effortlessly confident , she inhibit that special world - with its different rule - of the truly ambitious . James fascination owe as much to the certainty of she class as to she look . a attractive young man accompany she up the stair . Jeremy make a sound . Susan glance up . susan Jeremy ! she wave and she elbow catch a tray of champagne be carry downstairs . glass fall about she foot . while apologise , Susan do not take she eye off Jeremy . susan how stupid ! I be sorry . the butler and the young man drop to the ground and set about pick up the glass . Susan regards they for a moment , then step round they and hurry up the stair . Jeremy and Susan go into a clinch , with kiss . James stand a few foot off . susan Jeremy ! how fantastic . jeremy darling Susan . susan you be so famous now . jeremy and you be so beautiful . what be you do here ? susan we be think of do this current affair thing for school . World history since 1945 . twelve programme , lot of stock film . jeremy in that case , you should meet my very dear friend , James penfield . brilliant analyst of recent history and a world authority on the Berlin airlift . James and Susan say " hi " and shake hand . susan be that you chapter , then ? it be very good . jame thank you . we meet last week , at the Wajda film . you will not remember . we do not actually speak . susan ( not remember ) yes , that 's right . I be be terribly rude . Bob ? oh , bob. this be Bob tuckett . bon be at Oxford too . Bob , Jeremy , James all say " hi " . momentarily enthusiasm flag , no one speak . then the drink tray be suddenly in they midst and they all reach out thankfully , with mock groan of relief and surprise . a hour later , guest be leave . James have get Susan alone . they descend the stair . close on Susan , a disparate kind of seriousness . susan I mean , in many way I be right behind the woman 's movement . but sometimes I wish they would get on with it instead of moan on . the office be split right down the middle . I mean , as a woman I understand what they be say , that current affair be all about what man do , but as a human be and a television researcher , as a professional , I could just sense they would get it all wrong . I could see there be two path I could go down , power or not -power . down the not - power path be lot of sisterly feel , masochism and frustration . down the other path , I could keep on work . so of course I vote with the man and the other woman all resign . I think they be mad , do not you ? they arrive by the front door . there be the briefest pause . James make he bid . jame can I give you a lift ? susan no , it 's all right . I can get a cab . night night . James stand in the doorway and watch she go . ext . oxford circus - day a abrupt transition . Morning rush hour , brixton Underground station to Oxford Circus . James fight he way through the crowd up the underground step lead to the street . he be late . ext . langham place - day James run away from camera towards Broadcasting House . int . news conference room - day same time , moulde plastic chair be range along the wall of the room . some journalist stand , some be half asleep . the feel of a morning assembly . seat at the only desk , by the door , sit the editor - in - chief , while wait he pretend to look at papers . the tone of this meeting be restrain , weary . the editor speak with short pause between each point . quietly , as though talk to himself . editor use of this word " finally " . we have have this one before . difficult when it get ... James come in . the editor ignore he pointedly . there be no more seat . James stand somewhere inconspicuous . editor ... when it get too close to ' finally ' the main point of the news ... now today . not very sexy list . we can not live off all this court case ... royal ... what 's Charles give diana for she birthday ? 1st . journalist he 's not tell . editor better follow he around , I suppose . 2nd . journalist newcastle be follow Charles to see if anyone throw a bottle at he car like last time . editor good ... now , I be go to drop this panda business unless something happen soon . 2nd . journalist we have get two people down the zoo look into the cage . editor give it one more day . this scrap iron merchant on , where be it , gritviken anything in that ? jame could be . editor let 's keep a eye on it then . okay , I be just think aloud . let 's take the list in order . cabinet reshuffle . Chris ? 1st journalist Bob be ringing round the ministry find out where everyone be go to be . that will come to fruition later this morning . John will be at caxton Hall . we will try and lay on a radio car . through this last speech we close in on James . behind he news prospect sheet he be read a letter . we glimpse the letter head : ' goldbook ' editor Prime Minister be on the Jimmy Young show at ten-thirty . we should get something out of that . now , matter irish ... int . jame ' flat - evening James be clear a desk he have against a wall , in preparation for work on he Suez book . it be a desk that have not see much use before , pile high with clutter . he bring over a lamp for it , arrange the typewriter in its centre . various London library book be arrange along one edge . on the wall above the desk , James pin a large map of Europe and the Mediterranean . he sit at the desk , line up a couple of pencil ... and pick up a book . int . restaurant - day langan' , Piccadilly . gold and James be meet at the door by the head waiter , gold be obviously know here . businessman , media people , agent , conspiracy , urgency , babble . Cornucopia too - dessert trolley , cheese trolley , something be flambee 'yd at a table . another shot through the diner we find gold and James already seat . the main course have be clear away . a clock show the time to be ten to three . jame I be only ten year old at the time , but it be the first international crise I can remember . it 's obviously a key point , and I have always think that sooner or later we would have to re-examine Suez in the light of subsequent event . and now , suddenly , with this falkland business on we , it 's quite clear we do need to take another look at 1956 . the way I see the book be that it would get away completely -- the waiter have wheeled up the dessert trolley . gold have be examine it for the last few second before break in . gold would you like a dessert ... I be have one . jame no thanks . I would like to break away -- gold I will have some of that . jame ... break away completely from -- gold and some of that . sorry . jame ... from all the moralise and talk of national humiliation that be now the standard line on Suez ... gold have a great forkful of gateau near he face . gold yes ... you be not a socialist then ? jame no. I would want to -- gold good . jame I would want to set out event as they happen . the way I see it be this : the british Empire be a ideal . it may have become totally obsolete by the middle of this century , but it be not totally dishonourable to try and defend its remain and try and salvage some self - respect , which be what I think the conservative be try to do . then there 's the essential -- gold be you go to have coffee ? jame yes , please . gold and you will join I in a sambucca ? jame thank you . gold speak to the waiter as James continue . jame ... there 's the business of the british collusion with Israel . of course it 's prove beyond all doubt now , but I want to set it in the context of diplomacy and warfare . I mean , if you be about to attack one country , it make sense to encourage neighbour country to attack it to . the french understand this . they could never -- the waiter bring the coffee . gold be lighting a cigar , have offer one to James . jame the french could never make out all the embarrassment and breast - beat of the british . my enemy 's enemy be my friend . it 's as simple as that . if we have not be so scrupulous we would not have be so ashamed . the waiter bring the sambuccas . we close in on the drink as James go on talk . gold put a match to James 's drink on this next line . jame now it 's as if we discover ourselves again . we be act independently when the standard line have always be that after Suez we could not lift a finger without the Americans . int . arcade - day gold and James stroll through the arcade , bloat from they lunch . both be slightly drunk . gold be expansive . gold personally James , I be very excited by this new arrangement we have . it give we direct access to literally hundred of american collage . twentieth century history be a growth area over there , do not ask I why . you readership will be first and second year american collage student ... jame freshman and sophomore ... gold you know the lingo . jolly good . so you language will have to be simple , not stupid , mind , but simple , very , very simple , and always remember it 's a american readership . jame like I be say , the american angle in Suez be very important . I would not want to say they let we down . I think that 's wrong . a good ally be one who do not back you up in you mistake , who tell you when to pull back . and the Americans be good ally . simple as that . James be immensely pleased with he own performance during this speech . gold , however , be more interested in something he have see in a shop window . as soon as James finish , gold mumble a apology and plunge into the shop . James follow he in . int . newsroom - day a lull in the action . most of the journalist be eat out . a few eat sandwich , smoke , chat , read . a background television show crowd scene from Argentina . James sit with a plastic cup of coffee read intently . he stand at the window look out over the roof . then he turn abruptly , pick up a telephone and dial . jame be that London midweek ? Susan barrington . ext . a suburban STREET - northwest london - day James turn off the street up the front path of a nondescript per-war semi . int . james' parent house - day mr. penfield come into the hall to answer the door . he be tired - look man in he sixty . James enter . the two man fumble awkwardly between a handshake and a embrace . it be James who favour the former . mr. penfield hello , Jimmy . jame dad . mr. penfield come into the kitchen . I be just make you mother 's tea . int . kitchen - day Mr. penfield fuss inexpertly at the stove . James lean in the doorway . jame so how be she ? mr. penfield well , she do not complain much . you know what she 's like . she keep ask when you be come ... jame I be sorry about Saturday , dad . it be just impossible to get away . mr. penfield oh she know you be very busy , especially now , with everything go on ... the doctor say to try she on solid , but she 's be right off she food ... you take this up to she . tell she you make it . she will like that . James pick up the tray - tin tomato soup , butter bread , and a cup of tea . int . bedroom - day mrs . penfield lie on she back , doze . she be plainly very ill . James sit at the bedside . the tray of food cool on a bedside table . we have a sense of time pass . Mrs. penfield open she eye . James kiss she on she cheek . mrs . penfield Jimmy . I know you would come today . I say to dad this morning , that boy will be here this morning , just you see . he say do not get you hope up , but I know ... this speech appear to exhaust she . hey eye close . she keep hold of James 's hand . she murmur . mrs . penfield have you get to do straight off ? jame no , not yet . mrs . penfield good ... stay here a bit . James sit . his mother fall into a deep sleep . int . live - room - evening Mr. penfield sit drink tea and watch tv . he stand when James enter and turn the set off . jame she 's asleep . Mr. penfield indicate a seat to James . mr. penfield everyone 's be marvellous really , Jimmy . the neighbour come and sit with she while I be at work . jame that 's good . mr. penfield and Joe ramage - do you remember he ? he come and help out in the shop . jame yes , you say . mr. penfield now , be you go to have some more tea ? jame no , thanks dad . mr. penfield or a beer . I have get some in . James shake he head . there be a long awkward silence , a hopeless silence that be particular to both father and son . finally James get to he foot . jame I have get to be go . I have get a meeting tonight . mr. penfield the bed 's all make up if you want to stay . jame I will ring you in the next couple of day . Mr. penfield stand and nod . this be a familiar exchange . finish on he . int . barbican art complex - afternoon James and Susan arrive at the barbican together . they conversation be a little detach from its subject matter . they be feel each other out . they be not disagreeing here . as they talk they make a complicated route through the Arts Centre , always on the verge of get lose . jame what do you think of that wadja film ? susan I quite like it . I be not as enthusiastic as everyone else . jame I think it be tremendous . susan I think it go on rather too long . jame I could not bear for it to end . susan and I do not like that man . jame oh , but he be terrific . susan and the shape of it all . it be sort of ... shapeless . jame really ? I think that long flashback be extremely good . int . lift - afternoon jame you do not like flashback because you mother 's a historian . susan good theory . but I like my mother . I have no aversion to what she do . jame too bad . what do you father do ? susan my real father ? well , he be a flashback . they laugh as they step out of the lift . int . barbican art gallery - late afternoon a little later . a private View . a discreetly murmure , wine , canapé . the painting - painfully pretentious - represent various form of aesthetic self - consciousness . James and Susan look at the picture , but make no reference to they . they spend a little time in front of each one before move to the next . James speech be break by moment of contemplation . as they move on again , he pick up he thread . jame everyone describe the same process . at first it be exciting . you be at the centre of the world . as soon as anything happen , you be the first to know about it . and there be deadline a dozen time a day , even more , and that 's intimidating and exciting . then you get the hang of it and the excitement wear off . you a clerk in a rather dowdy Office . there 's none of the glamour of television , or the penetration of serious journalism . you be a processor of semi-official news . some people leave at this stage . then , if you hang on , and especially if you be promote , you discover a new kind of pleasure . you be pleased by the ease with which you can write summary and bulletin from news agency printout , by the way you can judge length . ending a broadcast on the dot , have everything run smoothly , select a run order that make sense , know instinctively what you can and cannot do . professionalism . susan and you be at this third stage jame no , there 's a fourth . numbness . you do everything right , but you feel nothing either way . susan I think you be exaggerate . and if you be not , you should jolly well change you job . jame oh yes ? susan yes . you be much too old to make a drama out of alienation , or whatever you call it . you have get to take responsibility for you own happiness . that 's what I think anyway . Susan have move on a couple of step and be bend forward to look at a picture . James smile at she wonderingly , a little deflate , but impressed . int . jame ' flat - evening Jeremy be sprawle in a chair with a drink . James be stand . mute piano music from the stereo . edward have just enter . the other two have be wait for he . jame it 's the Poet Laureate himself . Edward approach . he be a contemporary of the other two , but look much young and less worldly in manner . he be slightly nervous . he work on a literary magazine and he be a poet whose work be just beginning to be recognise . the three be old friend . Jeremy and James keep up they friendship with Edward because they recognise he talent , and this make they feel more authentic . Edward keep up with they because he be lonely and he own life be rather dull . however , he do distrust they a little . and they keep he talent in place by teasing he . as Edward enter the other two applaud . jeremy how sweet . Edward make a nervous mock bow . edward thank you . have you two be smoking that illegal stuff again ? James pour wine into Edward 's glass . jame we be admire you poem in the tls , Edward . edward ah , yes . jeremy it 's terribly good . edward do not tell I you have actually read it , Jeremy . James pick up the tls and wave it at Edward . jeremy committed to memory . forever . edward I see . jame blasé and epicene . jeremy we be just chortling over that . blasé and epicene . it perfectly describe the new foreign Secretary . so -- I hope you do not mind , Edward , I pinch it for my piece today . edward attribute ? jeremy of course . edward why , be there a new foreign Secretary ? who be the old one anyway ? jeremy it need not concern you , Edward . James have get some news . he need a poet 's advice . Jeremy pat a seat . Edward sit down . jame c'mon . I do not want any Jones about this . jeremy no joke . James be in love . edward congratulation . who with ? jeremy a glamorous young lady way above he station ... jame bastard . jeremy name so susie barrington . daughter of the eminent historian , Anne barrington , step -daughter of the scandalous Matthew byrd the acclaimed sack -artist ... Lay over Jeremy 's account on next scene and fade down slowly . int . susan be flat - late evening a sumptuously cluttere place . a chesterfield . deep armchair , silk cushion , many print , coffee table , book . clearly a inherite place . Susan be pour coffee . James sit across from she , jacket off , sink in cushion . jeremy' voice over recede . susan mummy and I , we be more like lover , really , or sister . then a couple of year after daddy die , and not long after I leave Oxford , she start see various man and I be furious . I really be upset . I stop go home . I never phone . I go round tell everyone how awful she book be . and she hardly seem to notice , and that make I angrier . then I get a job I be interested in , and I start to see lot of man , and I suppose I grow up a little and begin to understand . so I write she a long letter , almost seven page , say how sorry I be , and how I be worried that we be drift apart . and do you know , she write I a poem , a really beautiful poem about mother and daughter . jame how nice . susan it make I weepy just to remember it . so we be fine again , and then she get marry to Matthew who 's a womaniser and a bit of a yob , but quite nice really , make tv commercial . what about yours . jame both dead . susan that must be rather nice , in a way . I mean , you do not have any -- the door bell ring loudly . susan damn . they be early . jame who ? susan I call you a taxi . jame very thoughtful . susan ( a gesture of helplessness ) well , you know ... ext . front door - susan be flat - night a minute later , James and Susan stand at the front door . portico and step down to the street . taxi wait . they kiss , Susan draw back . jame again ? susan yes , if you like . call I at work . James descend the stair . Susan close the door . int . cocktail bar - early evening a cocktail bar , a self - conscious imitation of the american model . James and Jeremy sit on high stool at the bar . tall colourful drink be be set down in front of they . on a tv there be scene of the depart Royal navy fleet . jeremy to the fleet . jame to the fleet . jeremy and the argy . jame the argy . Jeremy reach into he inside pocket and pull out a envelope . jeremy now , top secret file . jame ( reach for it ) come on . Hand over . Jeremy out the envelope out of James 's reach . jeremy uh-huh . tell I what you think of this first . jame it 's shit . jeremy you approve ! jame let I see . jeremy get way . you will see when I be ready . first I want you to reflect on my noble behaviour , on how you interest be close to my heart , how I lay awake at night worry -- jame Jeremy , just let I see what you have get . jeremy you be so hard . all right then . I be chat to some people from the diary page , and the name of barrington come up . I express a interest ... jame oh yes . jeremy ... a innocent interest , and find out that last year vogue run a series call ' mother and daughter ' number seven , Anne and Susan barrington . be a decent loving friend I go to the file and make a copy for you . jame let I see . jeremy ah , ah . there 's more . the piece celebrate the undy affection between eminent left-w historian and he dazzle daughter . then the news editor , who happen to be in the room , say that year ago , when he work on the Guardian , Anne barrington have write a very good piece on ... guess ... Suez . it be 1966 , the tenth anniversary . Jeremy hand over the envelope which James now open . jeremy she 's never write a book in it , but she clearly know a lot . jame mmm ... jeremy it 's obvious what you have to do . you way into the daughter 's pants be through the mother , up the Suez canal ... jame you be so gross . jeremy she 's very nice , apparently . live in norfolk . and very left-w . you will have to watch yourself there . jame ha ha ... jeremy accord to this , the daughter go up to stay quiet often . you will need to get yourself invite for the right weekend . jame you have really get it all work out , have not you ? jeremy no need to thank I , if you do not want to . just pay for this drink . barman that will be eleven pound , sir int . polytechnic - day James walk along a busy corridor in a polytechnic . in a recess to one side be a game room . along the wall be Space invader machine by the dozen . student stand at the machine intently , they face illuminate by the glow . we see some expertly handle Space invader action . James approach one of the player and ask direction . without look up the student point down the corridor . int . corridor - day James stand outside the door or a lecture hall . Inside a lecture be in progress . we catch a few word . James push the door open . int . lecture hall - day the lecturer glance back and acknowledge he presence . James stand at the back of the hall for the end of the lecture . lecturer a vacuum have be create . if the United States do not fill it , it be assume the Russians would . ( a beat ) next week I shall be consider the extent to which the behaviour of nation state or government may be judge by the moral criterion we normally apply to individual . thank you . the student stand and begin to move out . James and the lecturer move towards each other and shake hand . int . lecturer' room - day James and the lecturer sit separate by a low table . a tape - recorder be on the lecturer 's side of the table . lecturer well , what you need to understand -- jame no , sorry , could you lean forward a bit when you speak . lecturer oh . be this all right ? um ... you see , through the early autumn of 1956 the egyptian be run the canal , they canal , that be , quite efficiently . traffic be pass through unimpeded , for nasser do not want to provide the West with any reason for invade he country . be that loud enough , by the way ? jame it 's okay . lecturer right . so by the time the british and french launch they invasion at the beginning of November the main economic reason for do so have largely evaporate . what remain , especially for the british , be the more marginal and emotional argument . int . james' flat - evening the lecturer 's voice continue on the tape . James pour a drink and he listen and walk towards he desk . lecturer ( v.o . ) ( from tape ) use the language of private behaviour you could say that this be a affair of the heart - the idea be to teach nasser a lesson , to appear capable of act independently , and to maintain face in the world , particularly the arab world . James switch the tape recorder off . he pick up the vogue ' mother and daughter ' article and pin it to the map of Egypt . int . a community hall - evening a poetry read , give by Edward Long , have just come to and end . there be about fifty present , and empty chair behind . Jeremy and James be in the audience . Edward be read the last stanza of a poem . edward ( read ) " and so the ferry move across the bay , top heavy as a wedge of wedding cake , leave we to return to we hotel , gull in nautical trim cry they farewell , then drop with avaricious eye to tale , souvenir from the debris of the day . " he pause . edward thank you very much . there be earnest applause which peter out . now , a tense silence . Edward stare impassively at the audience until he catch the movement of a half - raise arm . edward yes . the questioner be a middle - class middle - age woman , rather twittery . woman I ? edward yes . woman oh , yes , well I think I would start the thing off by ask , you know , and you will probably think it 's a stupid question that you get all the time , but could you tell we a little of how you actually get idea , I mean , you poem be quiet extraordinary and beautiful and I wonder how they , well , you know , come about . during this , Jeremy have catch James 's eye and they have start to giggle silently . this continue through the scene . they hunch up and turn away from each other , shaking quietly , half recover , become aware of each other , or of the absurdity of the question , or of Edward 's attempt to deal with they , and they fold up once more . from Edward 's Pov we see they head duck down . edward it be not a stupid question , but it be a difficult one to answer . I get idea in much the same way as anyone do . perhaps the difference be that I take they more seriously . I write they down - odd scrap of thing . then I seem to know when I be ready to start work on a poem . it take shape to start work on a poem . it take shape as I write it , very slowly . while Edward answer , the woman nod vigorously . James and Jeremy recover in the brief pause between question . they lift tear - stain face , then crack up at the next question . a young man , anorak , flat auto-didact 's ' do the team think ' voice . a piece of paper in hand , he stand , tremble . man you be one of the most praise poet of you generation of young poet , and the Sunday Times have call you a cross between Dante and Philip larkin . what be you reaction to this ? edward well , it 's silly really . ( catch sight of Jeremy and James ) it 's journalism , yes ? a serious-looking student have he hand raise . student yes . what be the poet 's role in society today ? close on James , draw breath . a sudden sharp yelp from Jeremy fight for air . all head turn . the two be almost off they seat onto the floor . we move close on they and hear they moan or ' no ' , ' no ' and ' stop ' , ' stop ' and ' sorry ! ' int . newsroom - late morning the newsroom . the teleprinter . the sheet arrive on the copytaster 's desk . on the tv monitor there be picture of the fleet . on the p.a. a voice announce ' Edward du cann on four ' . we find philip stand by the bulletin desk , he be a graduate trainee , 23 year old . earnest in manner , slightly ingratiate . immensely pleased with what he have just read , he move towards the summary desk with a piece of paper in each hand . philip James , look at this . at last . James be stand by a secretary dictating . jame wait ... and with talk at the United Nations still make little progress , tension and anxiety settle on mps of all party in westminster . speak on the Jimmy Young show earlier today , Mrs thatcher say the prospect of a peaceful solution do not look encourage . what be it ? philip take a look at this . James glance over the sheet . jame not bad . philip Fifteen news item . I get exactly the same run order as the bulletin desk . they be all old pro . jame terrific . Philip move on to show someone else nearby . we hear he explain he triumph again . James make a gesture and expression of contempt for the benefit of the secretary . a group of journalist pass through . James catch one of they by the arm . jame can I use the phone in you office ? journalist sure . int . office - late morning a small bare office . a few minute later , James be speak on the phone to Susan . jame ( into phone ) you be be very elusive ... tell they you be ill ... or leave early then ... do it properly , tell they a lie ... okay , come when you can . you have get the address ... yes , it will be nice . ' bye .. int . james' flat - night Susan sit cross-legged in the centre of James 's bed . James lie along one edge , head propped on elbow . they have be drink coffee . we have the sense of a long evening of talk , but not much else so far . a pause before Susan speak . jame why not stay ? susan I have to be up early . ( she stand ) jame I too . susan ( straighten herself at the mirror . James stand close ) two or three year ago I would have stay . and fuck you . jame too late . just my luck . he stand behind she and kiss she neck . she turn and they kiss . Susan pull away . she tap James 's nose with she forefinger . susan now I be more wary . I must be get old . she reach for she coat . James help she . jame you do not trust I . susan I do not trust anyone . that 's what come of work in television . jame in radio we be different . susan I bet . thanks for the drink . he open the door . jame I might see you in norfolk over the weekend . susan ( smile ) you just might . she close the door on she smile . int . squash court - day a day later . a glass -fronted squash Court . James and Jeremy be into a game . both be inept and very unfit . we come in on a rally . Jeremy miss a easy ball and let 's he racket drop . James sit down with he back to the wall . Jeremy get he cigarettes from the corner of the court . they inhale smoke as if it be fresh air . jeremy that 's enough of that . jame we have be play ten minute for Christ sake . jeremy Far too long . a pause . some keen squash player appear at the door , peer in and go away . jame what have you be up to ? jeremy well , everyone 's desperate for a new falkland 's angle . purdy 's come up with a real dog . Worker 's rights in Argentina . so I have be run round get people to do thing . but no one 's keen . worker rights . when do anyone on that paper give a damn about worker rights ? I say to purdy , " look , tit , bingo , jingo , horoscope , sport , celeb , gossip and the occasional firm stand on -- " jame the torture of small child -- jeremy on the torture of very small child , but do not start tell they about they rights -- jame hold that rights . jeremy tame that rights ... you know , we be even freight in a couple of exile argie trade unionist from Paris for a tv tie in . one of they have he ball tap - dance on by the secret police . the other one have to be hose off the wall of he cell after the police -- yes my good man ? a muscular coach in a tracksuit , be rapping on the glass door . and open it . he wear a towel around he neck . jeremy I be sorry . this be a private conversation . you will have to wait outside . coach you can not smoke in here . this be a squash court . jeremy well we book it for a smoke , do not we James ? jame and we be not quiet finish . coach come on . out ! a few player have gather to watch outside . jeremy the court be ours for another half hour . please run along . the coach advance into the court , pick up they racket and stand over they . he push a racket under jermey 's chin . coach I say , out . jame on the other hand , we might be more comfortable at the bar . I have get some news on Suez . jeremy ( racket still under he chin ) a serious drunk might be of use , I suppose . int . jame ' flat - morning James adjust he tie in the mirror . the phone ring , Lay over James 's voice into scene 38 and 39 . jame ohm hello , dad , I have be meaning to phone you . how be she ?... oh... in the night ?... oh God . what do the doctor say ?... look , I will , I will . I promise . but it 's impossible at the moment , now with the crisis on . I be work night and day ... look , tell she I will come as soon as I can . I promise ... look , dad , I have get to dash . give she my love . yes ... bye . ext . brixton - day James walk down a brixton street , down a narrow road to a set of lock - up garage . a group of black kid be play football here . James step round puddle , careful not to muddy he shoe . he scowl at the kid and unlock he garage . James back he car out of the garage . a early sixty jaguar saloon . he get to close to the garage door . the game of football rage around he car , as if it be not there . ext . car wash - day ten minute later . a car wash . from the driver 's Pov we see the revolve brushes advance and engulf the car . the phone conversation end . James reach down and push a tape into the car tape deck . we will hear the recording all through James 's journey to scene 41 . lecturer ( v.o. ) ( from tape ) you see , if we talk of a nation , like a individual , we can also speak of it act deceitfully . Britain and France have enter into a secret agreement with the Arabs ' deadly enemy , the Israelis . the agreement be sign or initialled by the foreign Secretary , selwyn Lloyd on about October 23 , at sevre . the Israelis be to attack Egypt on a agree date . british plane base in cyprus be to precision bomb egyptian airfield to protect israeli city from retaliation . after put out a ultimatum to both side to withdraw to ten mile from the Canal , which of course the egyptian would have to ignore since the Canal be 100 mile inside they territory , the british and the french would invade on the pretext of ' separate the combatant ' . that become something of a catch phrase - ' separate the combatant ' . ext . CITY - day James 's car make its way through the city . ext . m11 motorway - day a hour later . the m11 . James 's car speed away from we . ext . NORTH norfolk - day a hour and a half later . James drive along a country road . ext . the barrington house - day a small boy , tom , peer over a wall at James 's car as it sweep into the drive . int . library - day five minute later . the barrington house . the library . James wait alone . the house stand in its own grounds - a old rectory , spacious , but not over - grand . much charm . 19th and 20th century oil painting , a serious reader 's library . pleasant disorder , but no squalor . there be one housekeeper . somewhere in the house a phone ring . there be footstep . James cross to a window which face out over the garden which be large and well - keep . at some distance away a gardener be rake leave . another man come and talk to he and then disappear from sight . this be mathew , Anne barrington 's husband . the door open slowly . tom , the ten year old son of Matthew , stare at James . after a pause . jame hello . tom hello . jame I be wait for you mother . tom she say awfully sorry , make yourself comfortable , she will not be long . . jame thanks . tom why not sit down and wait ? jame okay , I will . tom she 's not my mother , anyway . my mother 's in Italy . jame oh , I see . tom have you come to talk about I ? jame not at all . History . at this Tom leave the door and advance into the room . tom what period ? jame suez. 1956 . tom do you want to hear my list of English king and queen ? jame all right . tom it go from Henry VIII . ( in rapid monotone ) Henry VIII , Edward iv , Mary , Elizabeth I , James I , Charles I , Charles ii , James ii , William and Mary , Ann , George I , ii , III and iv , Victoria , Edward VII , George V , Edward VIII , George iv , Elizabeth ii . jame what about the cromwell ? tom they do not count . Anne barrington come in . age about fifty - five , very attractive still , and fit . ann Mr. penfield . I be sorry to have keep you . jame it 's kind of you to see I . ann Tom , daddy would like to see you in the garden . and will you ask Betty to bring we some coffee . and remember to say ' please ' . Tom leave . they watch as he close the door with exaggerated care . ann he 's a little unhappy . I hope he be not a nuisance ? jame he be delightful . int . study - day ten minute later . Anne sit behind she desk , James sit across from she . the housekeeper set down a tray and leave . Anne appraise James and deal with the coffee , and for the first time in the film we take a long , hard look at he too . the light flatter . the notebook at he side , he patience and deference , the well - cut suit ... he be at least credible . ann my first husband work for the BBC . I doubt if anyone there remember he now , just another long dead diligent administrator . he would have be useful in the fight to preserve the BBC 's independence during the Suez crisis - one of the few thing he be passionate about . I become involved too . I start work on a book that would have be publish on the tenth anniversary of Suez . then he die , and I loot the will to write it . by the time I be over he death , other book have be publish , and it be not worth go on . jame what a shame . ann it be not much more than a pot boiler . Suez be very important for we generation . I do not want it to be forget . and that 's why I would like to be able to help you . but really Mr. penfield , I look through my note before you come , they be all very much out of date , there 's be so much publish since . I do not think I be you man . jame ( smile , uncertain ) well , I be a great admirer of you work . I read you book on chartism when I be still at school . I be a journalist , not a historian . there be question of method , and approach . I wonder -- ann I see . be you a socialist , Mr. penfield ? jame yes . ann good . Suez be a minefield for both party . ext . garden - day the Garden , same time . Tom wander aimlessly near the house . he come to one of the library window and peer in . unobserve , he watch Ann and James . Ann be speak . James interrupt , Anne nod . James write something down in he notebook . Tom hear he father in the distance call he name . he leave the window and run . int . conservatory - day lunchtime . a table spread with white tablecloth , salad and wine . set for two . ann my husband apologise for not join we . it 's not too cold for you , Mr. penfield ? jame it 's fine , thank you . ann since you be a friend of my daughter 's , I think I be entitle to call you James , do not you think ? jame please do . I be beginning to wonder who this Mr. penfield be . ann and I would like you to call I Ann . James raise he glass . jame to ann. ann to James . I remember what it be I be go to say . we be talk about forgetfulness . the Czech writer kundera have one of he character say that the struggle of man against tyranny be the struggle of memory against forget . jame History book be first onto the bonfire . ann if we leave the remember to historian then the struggle be already lose . everyone must have a memory , everyone need to be a historian . in this country , for example , we be in danger of lose hard - win freedom by doze off in a perpetual present . James be uneasy , a little out of he depth . ann here I be lecture you . have some pâté. jame thanks . a pause . Ann have already emptied she glass . James have hardly touch he . Ann refill she own . then James , lightly , want to be back on familiar ground . jame so I can go ahead and be a historian without feel like a poseur . I shall be fulfil a citizen 's duty . ann if you like . but do not be too modest , James . the citizen 's duty be to remember , not necessarily to write book . you be highly qualified . you be a responsible journalist do what sound to I like a very demand job . every day you take decision that depend on you sense of history . a genuine tyranny would have to get rid of people like you . jame you be kind to be so encourage . ann I think you will do very well . she smile and briefly touch James 's hand . James look up impassive . ext . back gate to garden - day Anne and James be return from a after-lunch walk . we have a glimpse of the landscape we will see more of on James 's return . as they walk they arrive through a back gate into the barrington garden . a jet fighter race through the sky . ann I have meet some of she colleague , I be afraid they strike I as rather empty people . very ambitious , and charming too . but not serious . no politics . they walk on . ann I do worry about Susan . have you know she long ? she have not mention you . jame actually , we have only just meet . but we be quiet good friend . ann it 's a pity she could not make it up here today . jame yes . ann she will be here next weekend . why do not you come too , James ? I will * show you the marsh properly . if you be lucky you might even see the first of the geese arrive from siberia . jame well , I would hate to be a nuisance . ann do not be silly . I will look out some more Suez material for you . you will be very welcome . ext . front of house - day they come round the front of the house to James 's car . he open the door and shake Ann 's hand . jame thank you . ann we will see you next week , and if -- Matthew 's car come sweeping up the drive . Tom be in the front seat . Matthew stop he car so that he front door be by James . matthew be fifty . a director of commercial for cinema and television . breezy , chunky - face , keen to be take seriously . essentially good-humoured . ann I wish you would not drive so fast , Mat , dearest . mathew I will get a bike . I promise . hi! just off ? Matthew and James shake hand over the car door . ann Matthew my husband . James . James be come to stay next weekend . mathew very good . well , I will see you then . he stride away with Tom . mathew come on , Tom . let 's see if we can get this thing work . James pull away . Ann stand watch he till he be out of sight , and a little longer after that . ext . a149 road - day ten minute later . James drive along the a149 near clay . he have the window wide open , the radio on . the great expanse of salt marsh be to he right . the huge sky . the mood be triumphant . ext . central norfolk - day half a hour later . a lonely road in central norfolk . James bring the car to a sudden halt . he switch off the engine . in the silence we be able to hear the car cassette player . as it play , James walk round the car till he find he flat tyre . he rummages with grow ill - temper in the boot . two case of empty wine bottle , a mildew towel and swim trunk , but no jack . lecturer ( v.o. ) ( from tape ) there be a real desire on the british part to appear virtuous while behave aggressively , and the pursuit of virtue lead to many lie be tell , most notable the Prime Minister 's in the House of commons on December 20 when he say that there be ' no foreknowledge that Israel would attack Egypt ' . perhaps we should reverse the question and ask ourselves to what extent individual behave like government , who be bound to act in the national interest which in turn be rarely separable from the government 's interest , or that of the class it represent ... furious , he go to the front of the car and snap off the tape machine , and stand jiggling he key in the vast silence . a minute later . James set off . the immensity of the landscape , the incongruousness of he clothes ... ext . lonely road - day James , walk . ext . road through wood - day the road pass through a wood . when betty speak , it surprise both James and we . she stand at the head of a little grass track that lead into a wood . she carry a plastic carrier bag . she be almost childlike in she friendliness . betty be you the man from the BBC ? jame what ? betty sorry . I do not mean to frighten you . I think you must be from the BBC . ( she advance ) we have be wait , see . and you do not exactly look like a farmer . I be Betty . they shake hand . jame James penfield . betty come and meet the other . they have be wait for you . ext . wood . airfield perimeter - day James follow Betty through the wood . a rumbling and whining noise increase in violence and become deafen once they leave the wood and cross open ground towards a military Air base . the peace Camp be near the perimeter fence . a ramshackle collection of tent , caravan , a tepee and a rough wooden shelter which be the communal area . a fire burn here . various peace sign , woman 's Movement sign and slogan . ( ' fight War , not Wars ' , etc . ) Three woman be sit around the fire . a little further off a man be chopping wood . one of the woman , carmen , be over sixty . the other two be in they thirty . the man , pete , be a vintage hippy . a good mix of regional accent among the camper . Betty lead James to the fire . betty I find a man from the BBC , but he 's not the man . carmen never mind . we will just have to make do . would you like a cup of tea ? Jill , give the young man you cup . jame ( dodging smoke from the fire ) thank you . carmen sit on that log , dear . jill be careful though , it wobble . the other laugh . jame er , listen , I ... I have get a puncture . I wonder if I might borrow a jack . jill and carol Pete ! jame sorry to be a nuisance . Pete amble over . inscrutable behind much hair . he register no awareness of James . he smoke a roll -up . carmen Pete , do we have a jack ? Pete inhale , consider and nod almost imperceptibly . carmen could you look it out for we friend ? Pete nod again and return to chopping wood . jill be the tea all right ? I do not ask you if you want sugar . jame it 's fine , thanks . carmen now first of all , tell we you name . jame penfield . James penfield . carmen this be Jill , Carol , Betty , Mandy , Louise , Pete over there , and I be carmen . the woman smile and murmur hello as they be introduce . they friendliness progressively disorientate James . carmen there 's another fifteen of we out at a meeting . carol would you like we to show you round the camp . carmen let he drink he tea , poor man . I do not know what 's happen to this other fellow . he say he would be here at three . jill lose ! betty what do you do at the BBC , James ? jame I work in radio news , in London . a chorus of ' oh well then ... ' and ' great ! ' jame but I be not a interviewer or a correspondent . carmen that do not matter . as long as we can get we message through to someone there . Jill , where be that handout ? jill they be back here somewhere . they be a bit crumpled . Pete hand a jack to James . jame oh , great . thanks . now James have he jack he begin to back away . carmen give they here . this tell you how the woman 's peace Camp come to be set up . all local woman at first , then we have support from woman and man all over the country . jame very good . jill the response have be just amazing . jame yes . carmen and this sheet tell you all about the base , the number of missile they be go to have , what they think they be for and so on . carol we have have the local radio down here . jame terrific . carmen but what we need be national coverage . it 's difficult with this falkland madness go on . do you think you might be able to do something when you get back ? jame I will suggest it . remember though , we be news , not feature . it might help if you could get yourselves attack by the police . anyway , I will be back with this soon . thanks . betty ( close up , eye wide ) ordinary people everywhere be say ' no , we do not want this terrible weapon ! ' that 's news ! jame I will not be a moment . ext . peace camp - evening James drive down the road towards the airbase . he stop he car well short of the camp . he take the jack from the car and walk towards the camp . there be more people now move in and out of the light of the fire . the sound of voice , laughter , mostly female . a meal be be cook . James set down the jack where it can be find . he have be observe throughout by Pete , from the shadow . he speak as James be turn back towards he car . pete off then ? jame er , yes , I put the jack by the ... hut there . thanks for you help ... I ... I have to be get back ... so ... see you . and thanks ... and ... all the best . Pete watch James walk away . int . television company entrance / stair - afternoon London . a day later . the television company where Susan work . James be late . the lift be out of order . he run up several flight of stair with diminish energy . int . screening room - afternoon breathless , James burst into the screen room . Susan be seat . Jeremy stand near she , lean against a desk , smoking . by contrast , they be calm . jeremy fortunate that I be here to keep Susan entertained . jame sorry . get hold up . what be you do here ? jeremy deliver gossip and goodwill . it seem we will both be do Brighton . ( he start to put on he coat ) perhaps you should come too . jame ( to Susan ) will it be fun ? susan it be last year . jeremy we might be able to dig out a couple of Suez survivor for you . jame perhaps I will , then . jeremy ( kiss on the cheek first Susan , then James ) I be off . let 's meet . you promise to tell I about norfolk . jame I will ring you . a brief pause and a slight awkwardness after Jeremy leave . susan ( into microphone ) I think we be ready now , thank you . and how be norfolk ? do you get on with my mother ? jame I think she like I . susan do she talk about I ? jame no . we talk about history , and siberian geese . the light go down . we see a series of film clip about Suez : crowd scene in Cairo ; footage of the fleet on its way from malta ; the actual invasion ; parachute ; eden at down Street ; Lloyd at the airport ; the protest meeting at trafalgar Square ; fight in Suez street . James sneak occasional look at Susan throughout . we see she in profile , light by the screen . susan ( as the first picture come up ) it 's not in chronological order . there 's a hour of stuff , of which the director have to choose four minute . what will happen be that I will choose it for he ... do he look like a man on speed ? we two minute sequence be present to represent a hour of film . when at last it be over and the light come up , there be a moment of stupefaction . Susan yawn and prepare to leave . susan do you think she 's invite you up for she sake or for mine ? jame ( kissing Susan 's finger ) I have not really think about it . susan ( smile , mischievous ) well , you should . James kiss Susan . she comply rather than respond . Susan disengage herself gently and gather she thing . she stand . susan well , must get on . int . newsroom - early morning a day or two later . people be drift out to go down the corridor to the morning news conference . James be one of the last to leave . on he way out he meet Charles , the newsreader from scene two . jame Charles ! I do not know you be back . have a good holiday ? charle not too bad , thanks . how have you be ? jame work hard on that book I be tell you about . come to the meeting ? charle I be not sure I can face it . jame keep I company . int . corridor - early morning James steer Charles out of the newsroom and along the corridor . only slowly do it become apparent that Charles be in a state of distress . jame how 's Mary ? charle she 's fine . well , actually we have break up . it 's all over . jame no . that 's terrible , Charles . what happen ? charle ( on the edge of tear ) look , I would rather you do not ask I question . I can not talk about it . they have reach the News Conference room , but Charles walk on down the corridor to nurse he grief out of sight . int . news conference room - morning the News Conference room . ten minute later . the same editor . the same matter - of - factness and slight boredom . editor .... as it happen they get all they fact wrong anyway . I check up . we report the big peace march on hyde Park last October , and a march on NATO headquarters in the spring , and the death of whatsisname last month , the old cnd man ... he look round . it be not clear that anyone be listen . editor what really get to they , though they will never admit it , this type , be that we give both side , theirs and the government 's . multilateralist and unilateralist . hawk and dove . as far as they be concerned , there 's only one side to the question . nuclear weapon be bad . full stop . end of discussion . anyone who say there 's more to it than that be ... what be it ... ( he pick up a newspaper cut ) ' under cover of a authoritative news service , propagate a military definition of reality . ' he pause , relax into professional indifference . editor still . with the party conference come up in the autumn there 's bound to be some action on that front and we would be do something anyway . it will not all be falkland business . James , be there something in there for we , if we could tie it in with something else ? jame well , it 's all a bit cranky and small scale . vegetarian , hippie , disturb housewive . local radio story , I would say , if that . they be mad . editor oh well . just a idea . now . can we talk about this radio- car cock - up yesterday . Chris ? int . newsroom studio - late morning . two hour later . the studio . James and Charles sit at the table , as in scene Three . Charles read . he be obviously distress but he voice remain under control . James watch anxiously . charle it be a emotional occasion . hundred of small craft lead by six fire tug make fountain of water form a escort flotilla , and four wasp helicopter fly past in salute . in the City the Financial Times ordinary share index be down ten point a hour ago at 529.8 . BBC Radio News . in the Control room , the minute hand of the clock reach five past the hour ; the sweep hand reach the twelve on Charles 's last word . the Controller push a button . Charles slump forward . jame my God that be close ! well do , Charles . I know you would not let I down . but God ! we almost do not make it . James be stand , gather papers . he bustles out , indifferent . we close in on Charles . unseen by anyone , he be just beginning to cry . int . james' flat - evening James be type rapidly . there be a grow pile of typewritten sheet to one side . we go over he shoulder and look closely at the map , Egypt , the desert . . . ext . the barrington house , norfolk - late morning a few day later . James have just arrive and switch he engine off . but for the wind and birdsong , silence . there be no reply when he try the front door . a note pin to the door read : ' go for a walk . follow footpath . Susan . ' ext . dyke - day James walk along the dyke , across the marsh . below he , on the sand , in the distance , be two figure . James stop to watch they . Matthew and Susan be deep in conversation '' evidently a serious matter . they seem to be make a agreement . Matthew put he head on Susan 's shoulder , and they walk on , unaware of James . int . dine - room - night a burst of laughter . it be dinner . seat be Ann , Matthew , Tom , Susan , James and jacek , a professor from Central Europe , mid-sixty , a old friend of ann' . Betty , the housemaid , serve . jacek ( heavy accent ) the second be less pleasant . a pole be confront by a german and a Russian soldier . which should he shoot first ? the german first , the Russian second . duty before pleasure . a more subdued response . tom I have hear that one at school . jacek then you be a well - educate young man . ( to Ann ) Tom have be recite he English king and queen to I . jame and to I . jacek have not you socialist historian in the West make king and queen out of date in school ? ann we keep try . matthew I can tell you that the history of the monarchy be alive and well in the national memory . I shot a commercial - a series of vignettes of king and queen '' Henry VIII , Mary '' tom Elizabeth i. matthew Elizabeth I , and so on - and we have a fantastic response . susan what be you advertising ? matthew oh , some new lager . jacek I be pleased to hear that there be at least some national memory . I agree with Ann that the british forget too quickly . here you have enviable freedom , and yet no monument to that who struggle to win they for you . now that be why I think there be hope for the pole , whoever occupy they country . they remember they date , and they keep add to they . December 1981 , gdansk 1980 , 1976 , 1970 . katyn 1940 , 1922 and so on . it 's a subversive list . say it out loud on the street of Warsaw and you might get arrest . during this last speech of jacek 's we see James try to catch Susan 's eye . she glance up and look away . int . stair - night a hour later . wine glass in hand James go upstairs . he come to Tom 's room . int . tom be room - night Susan have be see Tom into bed . James watch from the doorway . she kiss she brother and turn out the light . tom do not close the door . do not turn out the hall light . susan I will not . goodnight . tom ' night . James and Susan linger in the semi-darkness outside Tom 's room . from downstairs come the sound of boisterous conversation . jame I have not see much of you . susan no . it 's a bit of a madhouse . for some reason a lot of my mother 's friend specialise in monologue . jame he 's all right , the professor . Tom come out of he room . tom ah , susy , it ... susan Tom . .. bed ! go on . Tom retreat into he bedroom . James and Susan move to the head of the stair . jame look , will you come on a walk with I tomorrow ? susan I might . jame might ? ann ( o.s. ) ( call from below ) Susan , James , be you up there ? susan hello , mummy . Ann come half - way up the stair . ann Betty 's make some coffee . do you want some ? susan yes , we do . ann well , we be in the library . Ann linger a moment . she want James downstairs . as soon as she have go , he kiss Susan . jame might ? susan ( stroke he face ) yes. might . remember , you be here to talk to my mother . she lead the way downstairs . int . library - night the library . a fire burn . Ann pour the coffee and be highly aware of James when he come in . jacek be a little drunk . jacek ah , Susan , James . come and judge . I be interrogate Matthew . I be ask he how a director of advertisement and a socialist get along so well together . how do the lion lie down with the lamb . ann by stay in town all week . and lie down with several lamb . matthew not so . we meet half way . Ann have grow very fond of she material comfort . she even own land with keep out sign post on the boundary . and I ... ann ( wearily , to James ) I buy a wood because a local farmer be go to cut it down . the sign be already there . jacek and you ... matthew I earn so much money at what I do that I can not even begin to defend it . I use to shoot a whole line about the value and necessity of advertising ... ann you be more interesting then . matthew ... but now I be a agnostic . so be Ann , if she would only admit it . ann come on , James . defend I from this tripe . expectant pause . Susan smirk . James be out of he depth . jame well , there 's no reason why a socialist should not like comfort , or own a wood , or be very rich . the problem be make all that available to everybody ... all except Ann groan dismissively . matthew rubbish ! jacek ah , if everybody be to have everything , then you need to plan very carefully , you need to control the future . this be the tragedy of marxism . the future be not ours to control , nothing turn out as we plan it . ( to Ann ) you remember that charming note of enzensberger 's , Spanish anarchist in 1898 look forward to a glorious future after the revolution '' a world of incredibly tall shine building , with elevator that would save climb stair , electric light for all , garbage disposal chute and wonderful household gadget . this vision be now a reality in we city , the victory have be win and it look just like defeat . .. Susan yawn conspicuously . everybody turn . susan ( unrepentant ) sorry . tire . int . kitchen - morning the follow morning . if possible , a beautiful day . Betty be wash up a large pile of breakfast thing . from outside , the sound of much hilarity . ext . garden - morning on the back lawn Tom , Susan and Matthew be play football . to one side , jacek lean on he stick and watch . int . library - morning the library . Ann and James sit face each other by the fireplace . the game of football can be hear . from where James sit he can see past and into the garden , the occasional glimpse of Susan , the entice sunlight . ann the reference be to hansard or to newspaper . I have not get the actual speech now . you will have to chase they up . jame I will , thanks . ann this be transcript of various radio broadcast , include gaitskill 's , the one they try to stop . you ought to have that ... Betty knock and enter . betty Excuse I . phone call for Mr penfield . ann take it here . jame thanks . hello ... how do you get this number ? I see . look , I be really sorry about last week , I ... no , I be up here research something I ... be she ?.. . well , do not they have painkiller for that ?... oh , yeah ... look , tell she 111 be there ... I can not just drop everything . it will probably be the day after tomorrow ... right ... ok ... yes , goodbye . ( to Ann ) it 's a relative of mine . she 's not very well . ( he sit down again ) I be sorry . what be you say ? ext . garden - day a couple of hour later . Susan sit on a bench re-ty the lace of she walk boot . James stand , wait . susan Jeremy phone this morning jame what do he want ? susan he 's make plan for Brighton . he think we could travel down together . jame that will be fun susan in you car jame why not . Ann appear from the house . Tom follow . ann hello . anyone for a walk ? Tom be not , I can tell you . jame well , we be just ... susan do not you want to walk , Tom ? tom no . susan actually , I have be once today already . I will stay here with he . ann James and I have be indoors all morning . susan well , he 's very keen to go . she walk with Tom towards the house . jame Susan ... holding Tom 's hand , she turn and smile . susan see you when you get back . James have be quickly outmanoeuvred by Susan . he stand awkwardly for a moment , collect himself . ann shall we go ? jame yes . ext . dyke - day the dyke across the marsh , the sand dune , the sea . during Ann 's monologue ( break up where appropriate ) we see the two sometimes in close , sometimes as minute figure in this immense landscape . James follow Ann along the dyke . they stop and she point out a wood hill , well inland . later ... ann then I begin to listen to what the well - off be say about the poor now '' the war have just end , and the language be much the same as it have be before the first Reform Act . a small minority think that England be really theirs , they have make it , they own it . the rest , the wage earner , be foreigner , outsider intent on wreck it all . jame do not Evelyn Waugh say that the country under atlee seem to be under enemy occupation ? ann do he ? I leave school and work for the Labour Party . my older brother , George , have just be kill in Greece , and he would be a active member . I hero - worshipped he . he be 25 year old ... ( she trail off ) it be a exciting time for we , that first couple of year after the war . we think the country be about to become a true democracy . I can understand why people of you generation want to write about that time . they feel betrayed . they want to know what go wrong . jame what go wrong ? ann oh , many thing . inertia ... stalin and the cold War ... a failure of nerve . we take the seediest , most inefficient fifth of the economy into State care , pay out million for it , put the same old duffer in charge . a new broom with very old bristle . when the tories be return , I go and sit in the bm and write my little book on chartism . later . walk home ann . I do not like admit it , but the truth be , I be happy . Matthew 's right . I like comfort . I like do my own work and not have to teach . I love my house and the garden , and my wood . ( she stop ) and I be very happy walk here with you . ( she take he hand . ) you have such a quiet , strong sense of purpose . Energy . I think I will rely on you to take the uncomfortable stand in life . I have do my bit . they smile at each other . Ann move in to kiss James passionately . he comply . a jet fighter fly in low over the marsh . int . drawing - room - evening Susan and Tom , who wear pyjamas and dress - gown , be play chess . James watch Susan . Tom be noisily , bossily instruct she in the rule . Matthew be approach James , about to speak . matthew I just might give you a ring when we get back to London . there 's one or two thing I would like to ... will you let I have you number before you leave ? have you ever watch a commercial be make ? jame no . matthew well , it 's worth see . Ann appear in the doorway . ann James ... there be a moment of awkwardness . James squeeze past Matthew and go towards ann. jame Excuse I . int . library - evening the library . a moment later . James have just come in . Ann hand he a silver frame photograph . ann I want to show you . it be take six month before he die . the resemblance between James and the dead brother should be clear . James study the photograph . he look up . Ann be gaze at he steadily . int . dine - room - night half a hour later . Ann , Matthew , Susan and James . a certain strain . the sound of knife and fork only . in the hall the phone ring . they hear Betty pick it up . still hold the receiver she push open the dining - room door . betty ( to Matthew ) it 's for you , Mr Fox . the other go on eat , acutely aware of Matthew 's conversation . matthew ( from the hall ) hello ... oh , hi ... well , you know ... he push the door shut with he foot . James look at Susan . Susan glance at she mother . Ann know it be one of Matthew 's girlfriend . she go on eat , a brave but fail attempt to appear untouched . int . james' bedroom - night very late , the same night . from the point of view of a intruder we move into the room . James be asleep . anne's voice ( whisper ) James ... James . he snap awake . we see what he see . Ann sit on the edge of he bed , in tear . she touch he face . she lean over and embrace he . int . james' bedroom - night a little later . the bedside lamp be on . James lie still , he expression numb . the bedclothes be in disarray . his bedroom door be just close . int . newsroom - late morning the newsroom at its busy , as in scene one . linger on the activity before find James . he sit write a report in longhand , refer to News Agency material . much dictating go on around he , so that Philip who sit across from he have almost to shout to be hear . he have pick up a phone and be cover the mouthpiece . philip it 's that lady from norfolk again . jame I be not here . philip I be terribly sorry . he do not seem to be here ... no ... yes , if I see he , I will . .. Goodbye . she 's go to phone back . jame next time tell she I have go away . charle aha . James give some woman the old heave - ho . jame ( rim smile ) exactly that . int . james' flat - evening tight shot of Edward on the phone . edward hello , you do not know I . my name 's Edward Long . I be a friend of James penfield . he ask I to phone you . I do not know what any of this mean , but he say you would understand ... yes , that 's right . he say he 's get to go away for a while , and that he will be write to you and please do not try and contact he ... hello ? pull away , we see where we be . James sit in a chair read a magazine . God , that be terrible . do not ever ask I another favour like that . jame you be wonderful . I be very grateful . edward she hang up . why could not you just write to she ? jame I will , sooner or later . ( stand ) trouble be I hate write letter . now , where be we go to eat ? int . film studio - morning what we see first be the actual set and only subsequently the surround technical apparatus of film -making . we be suddenly in a deeply content pre-war middle - class sit - room . guide track : sweet , period music . dad sit in a armchair read a newspaper . a pipe be near at hand . to one side , a wireless . at he foot , a girl play with a doll ; a boy play with a model steam engine . mum enter with a tray of steaming hot drink . as she set down the tray on the arm of dad 's chair , the music peak and the child half rise and arrange themselves on either side of dad 's leg . everyone smile up at mum . once this have unfold , we pull back to see the camera crew , continuity , make - up etc . James be stand to one side watch . matthew and ... cut . Steve ? steve ( ( camera- man ) not the best , guv 'nor . matthew right ... we will go again , please . Matthew to ad lib instruction to actor and crew . he notice James . matthew James , good , you make it . we be just go to do one more take , then we will break for lunch . the commercial be set up and shot again , with Matthew continue to give ad lib direction . as soon as the take be over , Matthew snatch he jacket , give a quick kiss to a young woman who could well be he current lover , and steer James out of the studio . matthew right , James . come on . let 's go before the client get hold of I . int . pub - day lunch time . Matthew stand at the bar where he be buy drink and lunch . then the two man sit at a small table face to face . matthew I will tell you another thing . we might have lead the world once into the industrial Revolution , now we lead with television commercial . we be the best , it 's as simple as that . even the Americans will admit it now ... the camera work , the act , the script , special effect . we have get the lot . nearly all the good director here have ambition to make serious film . ( a sudden laugh ) that food you be eat . jame yes . matthew what would you call it ? jame I dunno . ploughman 's lunch . matthew ploughman 's lunch . traditional English fare . jame u-huh . matthew in fact it 's the invention of a advertising campaign they run in the early sixty to encourage people to eat in pub . a completely successful fabrication of the past , the ploughman 's lunch be . we look at James 's plate , the unappetise food . Matthew take a long drink . matthew listen , James . there 's something else I want to talk to you about . Matthew pause . matthew I be pretty broadmind , and I would rather be frank than have everybody misunderstanding one another . if you see what I mean . James do not . matthew Susan tell I that you visit to norfolk have ... well , a ulterior motive . jame she say that ? matthew you be not really interested in Suez at all . incredibly enough , you be interested in my wife . jame now listen ... matthew no , no , let I go on before you get the wrong idea . Ann and I have keep to we separate bedroom for the last three year . and I can not imagine that Susan have not hint at the kind of life I lead in London . I be not tell you how to run you affair . I be just say ... I do not mind . I be give you permission . we be close in on James 's reaction . int . james' car - early morning James drive towards Susan 's flat . Jeremy sprawl in the back seat , slowly peel the foil from a champagne bottle . both be well - dress . as they draw up outside Susan 's flat , Jeremy lean forward and murmur in James 's ear . jeremy still in love ? jame I be not sure . he press the horn and get out . Jeremy get out too . Susan come down the step . she be also smartly dress . she kiss James . he take she small suitcase and put it in the boot . she kiss Jeremy . jeremy darling Susan . you look like a angel . but where 's you hat ? susan oh no ! jeremy they will not let you in without one . James hand Susan into the front seat . jeremy Brighton , James ! ext . london STREET - day the car slip through the London traffic . int . james' car - day in the car , a few minute later . much hilarity . Susan be hold a glass ready as Jeremy ease out the cork . susan do not point it at James ! jeremy voila ! the cork fly . the champagne be pour . Susan hand a glass to James . jeremy to the ninety - ninth conference of the National Union of Conservative and unionist association ! all repeat the toast with various stumbling inaccuracy . int . car park , brighton - day James drive into a multi-storey car park . Jeremy get out of the car and go to look at the view which be of modern office development . jeremy hah - the seaside ! be not it heavenly ! Susan join Jeremy . susan gorgeous . Jeremy be take out he Press pass and pin it to he lapel . susan what have you get there ? jeremy you would look naked without one . susan oh , yes ! where 's mine ? I want to look like you . James join they . there follow a little charade of mock sympathy . susan what about James ? Jeremy and Susan chorus a sympathetic moan . jeremy we will see what we can do . susan promise ? jeremy promise . ext . brighton promenade - day James , Jeremy and Susan walk along the promenade and cross the road towards the Grand Hotel . the Conference Centre be visible and so too be the police and demonstrator . Jeremy have link arm with Susan . James lag behind a little . Jeremy tell a joke , barely audible above the SOUND of traffic and the chant of the protestor . Susan giggle as she and Jeremy skip forward to dodge the traffic . int . lobby , grand HOTEL - day the lobby be crowded with delegete , mps , PRESS and tv people . jeremy there go my deep throat . Excuse I . Jeremy dart away . Susan be look about she . jame shall we have a drink or something ? susan oh ... excuse I . there 's Nicholas . James be leave . ext . HOTEL balcony - afternoon delegete and mps , and media people , be take tea on the long balcony of the Grand Hotel . Jeremy be interview a mp . James and Susan sit at the same table listen . jeremy then , the theory go , you will be back in favour . in line for a real job . be that right ? mp well , it 's a theory ... interesting . oh , excuse I , there 's willy . the mp make off . jeremy I want to see he too . Jeremy leave . James come and sit closer to Susan . jame we do not seem to get much time to talk . susan I know . I be sorry . a announcement come through on the hotel 's p.a. announcer's voice ( o.s. ) miss Susan barrington , miss Susan barrington . a phone call for you . Susan make a half - heart apologetic gesture and leave . as she go she pass Jeremy who hold a Press pass for James . he kneel by James 's chair and pin the card to he lapel . jeremy General Sir James penfield ... service during the norfolk campaign . ext . conference centre - late afternoon the three walk towards the Conference Centre , along the gauntlet of protestor and onlooker . among they be carmen and Betty , hold a placard which say ' woman 's peace Camp ' . they catch sight of James . some puzzle recognition . James hurry away from the woman and through the door into the Centre . int . PRESS balcony , conference centre - day James , Susan and Jeremy come onto the Press balcony and find they seat while francis pym deliver a speech . pym it be they who rebuffe aggression , they who strike such a powerful blow for democracy .. . jame ( to Susan ) I manage to book we a table at wheeler . pym I believe this will prove of wider significance even than the event itself . we be see to be fight to defend principle which be fundamental to free nation everywhere , and we reputation have be enhance as a result . jeremy ( to Susan ) Francis be in crack form , do not you think ? int . bar - early evening James , Jeremy and Susan . journalist , delegate etc . susan ( triumphant , excited ) it be incredible . he come back , make a pompous little bow and say , ' my dear girl you may film I all afternoon if you wish . ' and he 's promise not to talk to the Press . jeremy it 's because he desire you . the woman get all the break at this conference . susan it 's true ! I be here last year do a piece , remember ? I be in the bar with all this Northern trade unionist and they sponsor mps . they be all incredibly fat and beery , huge trousers and brace . and so sweet . they all stand round I like child say ' you ! work for television ? you be just a young thing . ' they would not let I buy drink even when I tell they the programme be pay . they keep look at my pass which be pin here and say ( mock Yorkshire . ) ' oo , can I ? ' jeremy then one of they be sick all over you new dress . susan no , he be not . he just lower himself into a bar stool and say ... ( Yorkshire ) ' oo I do feel bad . I 'ad three pint of lager and six onion baje !' they all laugh . susan I have get to go . see you at dinner . she kiss they both . they watch she go . they different expression . jeremy six onion baje ! great girl . ( then , confidential ) do you shake the mother off ? jame yes , finally . jeremy Big mistake , I think . you might have learn a lot . jame ( sudden ) be you up to something ? Jeremy shrug innocently and show he empty hand . int . conference centre - day James wander through the Centre in search of Susan . he enter the debate chamber . michael heseltine be address the Conference . James wander out to the space below the platform where journalist and photographer be gather . he go up the aisle between the seat delegate . no sign of Susan . he leave the chamber . heseltine .... leave - wing council employ labour candidate in the pay voluntary sector . we now face a professional leave finance at the ratepayer 's and tax payer 's expense ! just more money be not a solution in itself . as we have give more money to the professional leave ... int . lobby , conference centre . day much later . James cross the crowded lobby , still in search of Susan . int . stair , conference centre - day James climb the stair to the Press balcony . he hear Mrs thatcher 's voice , and from the street below , the chant of protestor . thatcher ( o.s. ) this be not go to be a speech about the falkland campaign , although I would be proud to make one . but I want to say just this because it be true for all we people . int . PRESS balcony - day James pass through the door and find a seat . thatcher the spirit of the South Atlantic be the spirit of Britain at she best . it have be say that we surprised the world , that british patriotism be rediscover in that spring day . Mr President , it be never really lose ! James suddenly notice Susan down on the lower floor . she pass through the door and be go . James get to he foot . thatcher but it would be no bad thing if the feel that sweep over the country then be to continue to inspire we . but if there be any doubt about the determination of the british people ... Jeremy and Susan come through the door onto the Press balcony . James stop . they have not see he . he watch as they stand together . clearly a new intimacy have be establish . thatcher ... it be remove by man and woman who a few month ago bring a renew sense of pride and self - respect to we country . Jeremy kiss the nape of Susan 's neck . they be not interested in stay for the speech . James watch stonily as they leave . thatcher they be for the most part young . let all of we here , and in the wider audience outside , pause and reflect ... numbed , James return to he seat . thatcher ...on what we who stay at home owe to that who sail and fight and live and die and win . if this be tomorrow 's generation , then Britain have little to fear in the year to come ! mix to the last sentence of the Prime Minister 's speech . thatcher we will tell the people the truth , and the people will be we judge ! James sit through the stand ovation . the delegate cheer , land of hope and glory ' be sung . James chew he nail . int . conference centre - day hour later . workmen be dismantle the platform , take away prop , take down the Conference backdrop and slogan . in long - shot we see Jeremy make he way between the row of chair . James pursue he enraged , shouting . the ad lib obscenity can barely be hear . ext . brighton sea front - dusk James and Jeremy . James 's rage be spend . it have collapse into bitterness . the two man stop under a street lamp . jeremy Susan and I be very old friend , James . jame fuck off . jeremy and you be obviously get nowhere with she . I be wait for the right moment to tell you that . jame my God . you even cook up that norfolk trip . jeremy it might have work . really . I would have be delighted for you if it have . but she be not interested . not my fault . jame you be a piece of shit jeremy I have know Susan for more than fifteen year . James , we be old ally . at this last word , James look up . Jeremy walk away . int . james' flat - day a few week later . we do not see James . we see and hear word pound onto the page . a fury in the type . the page be pull clear . silence . we stay on the typewriter . int . BBC newsroom - day James be leave in a hurry . he pull on a thick overcoat , gather up some papers , ignore someone who call after he as he leave . ext . langham place - day James leave Broadcasting House and walk towards Oxford Circus . int . gold' office - day gold stand by he desk as James come in , pour two glass of wine . gold James ... I can not begin to tell you how pleased we all be . ( he hand James a glass ) congratulation , and I really mean it . jame thank you . gold it 's everything we want . a very good read . a terrific piece of work . so , here 's to you and Suez . jame and to history . close in , the glass touch . ext . cemetary - day a group of mourner round a grave . a grey day . a priest read from the Book of common prayer , but he voice be virtually lose to we . we find James 's father , hunch in he overcoat , face immobile with grief . next to he , James , expressionless . James glance at he watch . freeze frame . optical zoom . the end