the end of the tour screenplay by Donald margulies directed by James ponsoldt base on " although of course you end up become yourself : a Road trip with David Foster wallace " by David lipsky '' 2014 eot Film production , LLC . all rights reserve . no portion of this script may be perform , publish , reproduce , sell or distribute by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium , include on any website without prior write consent of eot Film production , LLC . this material be the property of eot Film production LLC and be intend and restrict for use solely for eot Film production , LLC personnel . distribution of disclosure of this material to unauthorize person be prohibit . disposal of this script copy do alter any restriction previously set forth . fade in : int . lipsky 's west end ave apt / live room / office - NYC - 2008 - night a bright , unpretentious two - bedroom in a pre-war building , cluttere with book and papers , reflect its owner 's lively mind . the decor be that of a perennial grad student 's dig , the bachelor pad of a New York intellectual . a dog curl up on the sofa beside he , david lipsky , a boyishly handsome forty - three , quick -witted , tightly - wound , smoke and type speedily from scrap of handwritten note , surround by book on he current journalistic subject , climate change . a stack of copy of he recent publishing success - absolutely american - loom nearby . his iphone vibrate . he get up and answer the call . lipsky hey , Bob , what 's up ? bob' voice ( over phone ) listen : accord to this unconfirm report ... David wallace be dead . lipsky ( dispute ) what ? no no no no , must be a college prank or something ... lipsky rapidly google '' david foster wallace death '' and scan the news . bob' voice I think if anybody know whether it be true or not ... shock register on lipsky 's face . over : NPR reporter ROBERT siegel . ROBERT siegel ( 0.s. ) now a remembrance of writer David Foster wallace ... int . NPR - NYC - 2008 - day lipsky be be escort to a booth by a college - age intern . ROBERT siegel ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) he be find dead , a apparent suicide , on Friday night . wallace 's novel , " infinite jest , " bring he fame and a wide audience . int . NPR - NYC - 2008 - moment later lipsky , wear headphone , heart pound , nervously wait for a cue from a woman producer in the control booth . ROBERT siegel ( 0.s. ) .-- writer David lipsky have this appreciation . the producer signal to lipsky , who read he prepare remark from he shaky hand . lipsky '' to read David Foster wallace be to feel you eyelid pull open . ext . bookstore - NYC - 2008 - day lipsky , pensive , smoking , walk down the street on a crisp autumn day , stop at a window display honore wallace with he picture and copy of he book the broom of the system , brief interview with hideous Men , a supposedly fun thing I '1l never do again and he magnum opus , infinite jest . lipsky ( v.o. ) some writer specialize in the away - from-home experience . they have safary , eat across Italy , cover awar . wallace offer he alive self ... int . lipsky 's west end ave apt / closet - NYC - 2008 - day lipsky rummages closet shelf until he locate a particular shoe box label '' dfw . '' he open the box : inside be a motley bunch of audio tape - eight or nine of they - numbered , scrawle with date from four day in March 1996 . lipsky ( v.o. ) .-. cut through we sleepy aquarium , we standard t.v. , store , political campaign . writer who can do this , like salinger and fitzgerald , forge a unbreakable bond with reader ... he dig out a quaintly clunky sony tape recorder that be state - of - the - art back in 1996 . it do not play . he remove its battery and look in drawer for new one . no luck . 7a 3 . int . lipsky 's west end ave apt / bathroom / office - NYC - 2008 -7a day lipsky take the battery out of he electric toothbrush and put they in the recorder . lipsky ( v.o. ) you do not slip into the book look for story , information , but for a particular experience . the sensation , for a certain number of page , of be David Foster wallace . '' with a mixture of excitement and trepidation , he insert cassette # 1 in the machine and press play . the sound of David 's voice mid-tape , be both comforting and move . david 's voice ( on the recording ) -- there be , if anything , a conscious attempt to not give over direction . although , of course , you end up become yourself . lipsky 's voice ( on the recording ) do they want you to be a writer ? flash to : int . car / outskirt - chicago - 1996 - day 6 a blurry , indistinct Pov shot of david foster wallace in the passenger seat of a move car : lipsky 's memory struggle to come into focus . david 's voice no , the big thing when I be little , I be like a really serious jock ... CUT back to : int . lipsky 's west end ave apt / office - NYC - 2008 - day 9 lipsky listen . david 's voice ... city - wide football as a kid . I be real big , really strong as a kid . and then for four or five year , I be gonna be a pro tennis player . my great dream . reading be just kind of fun . a weird thing that I do on the side - 10 11 14 lipsky stop and press rewind on the tape player . he ruminate as we hear the whir of the tape rewind . flashback to : ext . downtown skyline - NYC - 1996 - night 10 the heart -stopp view of the illuminate twin tower tell we we be in pre-2001 New York . super title : 12 year earlier lipsky ( 0.s. ) ( read ) '' I do not understand soho ... int . book shop - upper west side - NYC - 1996 - night 11 lipsky stand before a paltry turnout - consist of old people and a few loyal friend ( among they he pretty girlfriend , sarah ) - read from he novel , the Art Fair . here , lipsky be 30 year old but look like a student , he long , dark , byronic hair frame he fine feature . lipsky ( cont 'd ) - the warehouse , the old building , the cobble street . distract by disinterested customer who continue to browse , lipsky hear a muffle giggle and see a young couple in the audience flirt and clearly not listen . lipsky ( cont 'd ) it be not the Upper East side , and it be dirty . I feel maroon . we mother have take we off the track of the nice life we have be on . she have moor we in a creepy cul - de- sac with she art -world friend . ext . / int . kgb bar - NYC - 1996 - night 14 deafen music . a crowded , noisy gather of mostly young , cool , black - attire New York writer and artist . lipsky ( v.o. ) ( contd ) none of the kid in my school have parent in the art world . it make I feel different . like there be something I have to cover up . '' lipsky get two glass of wine from a bar . we follow as he make he way through the crowd . he know a lot of people with whom he exchange ad-libbed greeting along the way . they have to shout to be hear above the din . 15 beard guy David , hi ! how would you read go ? lipsky great ! beard guy sorry I miss it ! lipsky do not worry about it ! drink hold aloft , lipsky continue into the crowd . a model : model I hear you get the Rolling Stone job ! lipsky we will see ! I be sort of on probation ! lipsky deliver the drink to Sarah , who stand in a circle of acquaintance in mid-conversation . sarah' friend do you see kirn 's review in New York Magazine ? the guy 's be fuck canonize ! lipsky who 's this ? sarah David Foster wallace . int . lipsky 's W 77th ST apt / bedroom / bathroom - NYC - 1996 - 15 night lipsky , at the bathroom door , read aloud walter kirn 's review in New York magazine ( 2/12/96 ) . Sarah come out in a towel and he follow she to the bedroom . lipsky '' next year 's book award have be decide . '' can you believe this ? '' the plaque and citation can now be put into escrow . '' unbelievable . '' with infinite jest by David Foster wallace - a plutonium - dense , satirical whiz - kid opus that run to almost a thousand page — she kiss he as she go past . 16 17 lipsky ( contd ) - ( not include footnote ) - the competition have be obliterate . it 's as though Paul bunyan have join the NFL or wittgenstein have go on Jeopardy ! the novel be that colossally disruptive . and that spectacularly good . '' that 's the fuck open paragraph ! sarah what if it actually be that good ? you know ? you may just have to read it . int . lipsky 's W 77th ST apt / live room - NYC - 1996 - dusk 16 if he 2008 place be grad-student-y , the 1996 lipsky residence be smaller and explosively chaotic , like a teenager 's domain . we find Sarah on the couch read the current bestseller , primary color and lipsky beside she read infinite jest . silence . lipsky shit . int . rolling stone magazine / cubicle / bob be office - NYC - 17 1996 - day buzz with the hip , youthful industry of people who know they be at the place to be . lipsky drop by to see he editor , bob levin , 40 , grey , bearded . lipsky how many time have we interview a writer in the last ten year ? guess . bob um ... how many ? lipsky Zero . I check . bob maybe that 's because Rolling Stone do not interview writer . lipsky there have not be a writer like this one . once in a generation , maybe . hemingway , pynchon . let I have this story . bob what story ? 17a 18 20 21 lipsky toss Newsweek , open to a photo of wallace , onto Bob 's messy desk . lipsky he 's finish up he book tour and I want to go with he . bob that 's not a story . lipsky he teach at some small state university , somewhere in Illinois . send I there . please , Bob . this be the sort of stuff I should be do , not 500 - word on boy band . talk to Jann ? int . rolling stone magazine / lipsky' cubicle - NYC - 1996 - i7a later lipsky work at he computer . Newsweek with the wallace photo land on he desk . lipsky look up and see bob. bob there have better be a story there ... Bob leave . lipsky ( call ) there will be ! his smile fade . now what ? int . lipsky be W 77th ST apt / live room - NYC - 1996 - night 18 Sarah read she own copy of infinite jest as lipsky walk back and forth across frame , gather stuff to pack for he trip . laptop . notebook . wallace 's book , full of notation and post-it . tape recorder , pack of audio cassettes . he consider then toss in the Art Fair and zip up he bag . ext . lipsky be W 77th ST apt - NYC - 1996 - morning 20 a grey wintry morning . lipsky , outside he building , hail a taxi . i/e. cab / FDR drive - NYC - 1996 - morning 21 lipsky , in the backseat , read infinite jest ; he 's about three - quarter of the way through it . he make a note in the margin , then glance out the window at the pass skyline . 22 25 26 27 ext . o'hare airport - chicago - 1996 - day 22 a american Airlines plane come in for a landing on the flat , grey , wintry landscape . i/e. car / outskirt - bloomington - 1996 - day 25 lipsky , on the road , drive past a sign for bloomington . ext . 7 - eleven - bloomington - 1996 - day 26 a american landscape of fast - food place and chain store . lipsky 's Grand be be park in a 7 - eleven and citco station . he stand at a pay phone . ( we never intercut during telephone conversation . ) david 's voice ( over phone ) hello ? lipsky David , hi , it 's David lipsky . david 's voice where be you ? lipsky I think I may have make a wrong turn somewhere . let 's see , I be on County highway 29 , across from Circus video ? david 's voice how would you get this number ? lipsky you publicist send it in she e-mail , just in case . david 's voice you would do I a favor by lose it . i/e. car / david' STREET - bloomington - 1996 - day 27 stormy sky . flat , wintry terrain . as the car pull up , lipsky see , through the windshield , a modest , one - story brick house in the distance , and a man emerge from it . from lipsky 's long shot Pov : david foster wallace , hand shove in he jeans pocket for warmth , accompany by he two bark , rambunctious black lab , jeeve and drone . lipsky park . he take a deep , brace breath before get out of the car to finally meet the man about whom he have complicated feeling . he walk toward he . this be the first time we see David up close and in focus : stubble , long hair , blue bandanna , wire - rim , frye boot , 6 '2 '' and , at this time in he life , burly . david you make it . lipsky yeah . hi. David offer he wary , tolerant hand . this be the end of he tour , he patience be fray and he 's just about talk out . but , at the same time , it 's Rolling Stone , he want to make a good impression . david dave. Dave wallace . lipsky David lipsky . pleasure . lipsky be cow but determine to hold he own . this be two really smart , competitive guy out to impress each other . wallace want to be favorably profile and lipsky want wallace 's approval - and a good story . lipsky sorry about the phone call . david 95 % joke . lipsky laugh . david ( contd ) sorry in advance about the dog , gonna be slobbering all over you . lipsky oh , I do not mind . I love dog . david yeah ? well , you have not meet this guy ... it 's cold , let 's go inside . ( to the dog ) jeeve , drone ! get over here ! lipsky follow David and the rowdy , bark dog into the house . 28 10 . int . david' house / live room / kitchen - 1996 - continuous 28 lipsky drop he bag on the messy , shit -stain shag carpet . the dog be indeed all over he . lipsky scratch they head and speak to they as a dog lover would speak to dog . lipsky yes , I be very glad to meet you , too . who be you ? david that 's jeeve . the jeevesmeister . I get he ' cause he be so ugly . no one else want he . now he 's like a cover girl -dog . be not you , jeeve ? yes , you be . and this be drone . my provisional dog . lipsky why provisional ? david just show up one day while jeeve and I be out jogging and the rest be history . ( a beat . ) I feel like I should offer you tea or something . lipsky yeah . thanks . that would be great . David go to put on water . we stay on lipsky , casually study the room with the eye of a journalist , take in the grad-student - like accoutrement : cramped cinder - block bookshelve ; hodgepodge of furniture , a alanis morissette poster conspicuously on the wall . lipsky , glance out the window at the wintry landscape , raise he voice to converse with David , who 's in the kitchen . lipsky Nice view . david ( 0.s. ) thank you . I can not take credit for it . lipsky smile . pause . lipsky so ... have you always be unlist ? david ( from the kitchen ) I have to do that recently . it be get crazy . lipsky because of fan ? david I do not know if '' fan '' would be the right word ... I think what happen be , I have forget to tell my parent not to give my number out . so it be people who track my parent down , and um - lipsky ( know ) ohhh . david I have this terrible problem , I just really hate to hurt people 's feeling . so I do something kinda cowardly . lipsky unlist you number 's not cowardly . david it kinda be . I mean , I change my number so this folk could not find I anymore . there be this computer operator in Vancouver , live in a basement . who I find really move . in terrible terrible pain . lipsky what do he want from you ? david be not clear , and when I would sort of ask he , he have get angry , and that 's when it get scary . lipsky see a child 's draw display on the fridge : '' chickenhead Dave wallace . '' lipsky ( be : the draw ) who 's the artist ? david hm ? ( lipsky point . ) oh , my friend 's daughter . call I chickenhead , and I call she chickenhead . her latest salvo in the war . laugh , lipsky take out he tape recorder and start to set it up but stop . ( lipsky be a nervous laugher ; he laugh a_lot , not only where indicate . ) 12 . lipsky you mind if I ...? david hey . do what you have get to do . David watch uncomfortably . the ever-present tape recorder become a third character in this conversation . david listen : before we start put stuff on tape , I gotta ask you something . lipsky okay ... david I need to know that anything that I ask you five minute later to not put in , you will not put in . lipsky absolutely . he click off the recorder . david give my level of fatigue and fuck - up quotient lately , it 's the only way I can see doin 's it and not go crazy . lipsky I understand completely . lipsky press play . david right back on , huh . lipsky you agree to the interview . 29 I /e. car / MAIN STREET - bloomington - 1996 - day 29 lipsky at the wheel . David chew tobacco . ad-lib . david .-- there 'il be sign for the school on the right . lipsky you like teach there ? 31 31a 13 . david yeah , I do , very much , that 's what 's so fuck , I feel so bad for this kid . lipsky why do you feel bad they , they have the best write teacher in the world . david if I be there , maybe . the whole fuss have take I out of school for the past two week and I be gonna have to leave again tomorrow . we have get to get up at the crack of dawn to leave for the airport , by the way . lipsky oh , shit , do we really ? david that 's what you sign on for , man . you be welcome to stick around , write a article about my dog . might be more interesting , I promise you . David spit chew tobacco into a savarin can . int . isu campus / corridor - bloomington - 1996 - day 31 David and lipsky walk to he classroom . david do yourself a favor , do not expect any firework in there ... lipsky oh. okay . int . isu campus / classroom - bloomington - 1996 - later 31a the class in - progress . lipsky observe as David pace . he 's '' on '' and he student be eat it up . david a campus romance story , I gotta tell ya , to the average citizen , be not all that interesting . the great dread of creative write professor ? '' they eye meet ... over the keg ... '' laughter . 14 . earnest student I just want my narrator to be funny and smart , y'know ? david I know . you want you narrator to be funny and smart . here 's a tip , then : have he say funny , smart thing some of the time . laughter . lipsky jot down a note . david you do a good job . who 's next ? Melissa . 32 int . isu campus / library corridor - bloomington - 1996 - dusk 32 lipsky and David walk down the hall after class . david I be usually a much better teacher than this . I swear to god. lipsky I think you be great . they obviously love you . david yeah ? lipsky oh , come on , you know they do . david you hungry ? 33 ext . restaurant - bloomington - 1996 - night 33 lipsky and David park and go inside . 33b int . restaurant / table - bloomington - 1996 - later 33b they give they order to the waiter . waiter ..- and what can I get you to drink ? beer , or ... david uh , not for I , thanks . a large diet rite . lipsky I all have the same . waiter I will be right back with you pop . the waiter go . lipsky set up the tape recorder . lipsky you do not drink . David do not answer right away . david be that a question ? lipsky it 's a observation . david ah. I see . no ; I do not drink . you can order whatever you want , go right ahead . lipsky that 's all right . my friend who have be through the program say they do not want people to drink in front of they , so out of respect ... david I be not any sort of authority on any sort of '' program . '' but from my very limited outside understanding , people who have be in it for a while : you could snort cocaine off the back of you hand and they be okay . lipsky be embarrassed for have be presumptuous . david you know what I would love to do ? lipsky what ? david I would love to do a profile of one of you guy who 's doin’ a profile of I . lipsky that be interesting ... 15 . pause . 16 . david too po - mo and cute ? lipsky maybe , for Rolling Stone . david but it would be interesting . ( a beat . ) I be sorry . lipsky what 's wrong ? david it 's just , you be gonna go back to New York and sit at you desk and shape this thing however you want . and that to I be extremely disturbing . lipsky why be it disturbing ? david ' Cause I would like to shape the impression of I that 's come across . I can not even tell if I like you yet ' cause I be too worried whether you like I . before lipsky can assure he , the waiter bring they soda . waiter ( hand off the soda ) here you go . you food will be out soon . can I get you anything else ? lipsky we be fine , thanks . the waiter go . david so what 's this piece about ? what do '' Jann '' want ? lipsky what 's it like be the most - talk about writer in the country . that sort of thing . that sound so -- lipsky seem embarrassed as soon as he say the word . 17 . david how do you learn to do this stuff ? lipsky what . david interviewing . do you go to interview school ? lipsky no ... I , uh ... a beat . lipsky feel a tad fraudulent to identify himself as a writer to the man whose success and talent he envie . lipsky I be a writer . david oh , yeah ? lipsky I mean I write fiction . just publish my first novel , as a matter of fact . david what 's it call ? lipsky the Art Fair ? David shrug . he 's never hear of it . lipsky feel foolish for have bring it up . lipsky and I , uh , have a collection publish , a couple of year ago . lipsky 's pump leg betray he anxiety . David notice . david you be a nervous guy , be not you ? lipsky no no I be okay . how be you ? david ' Cause I be terrify . lipsky be you ? I think it 's go to be a lot of fun . 18 . 33d int . restaurant / table - bloomington - 1996 - later 33d the food be decimate . David be loosen up . david the thing about this tour be ... I would like to get laid out of ita couple of time , but ... like , people come up , they kinda slither up during reading or whatever . but it seem like , what I want be not to have to take any action . lipsky like ...? david like , I do not want to have to say , '' would you like to come back to my hotel ? '' I want they to say , '' I be come back to the hotel . where be you hotel ? '' lipsky laugh . david I can not stand to look like I be actively trading on this sexually . which of course I would be happy to do . in retrospect , it be lucky that I do not . lipsky why ? david basically , it just would have make I feel lonely . lipsky why lonely ? david because it would not have have anything to do with I , it would have just be ... lipsky you fame ? david yeah . whatever . 34 19 . lipsky you be famous . you can say that . except ... if they be respond to you work , and the work be so personal ... then trading on it be actually another way of meeting you , be not that right ? a beat . David be impressed by lipsky 's analysis . david that be so good . lipsky thank you . david this piece will really be good if it 's mostly you . talk all you want , man , save I a whole lotta trouble . lipsky laugh , sense he stock have rise , relax more into the rhythm of they conversation . i/e. car / commercial drag - bloomington - 1996 - night 34 David at the wheel , drive lipsky 's rental . light from fast - food restaurant sign light up they face . tape run . david so this be what a real car feel like . the one I have be like riding a power lawn mower . lipsky you think be handsome have anything to do with you success ? david ( incredulously ) what ? lipsky you be photogenic ... you look good in you author 's photo . david you would have to come put I down if I even start think that way . lipsky think what way ? about how book be sell ? 35 20 . david like , '' do you want to do a Rolling Stone interview , do you want to do xx , do you want to do y '' worry I that what I be do right now be be a whore . lipsky a whore ? why ? david you know , cash in somehow , or get some little celebrity for myself . that will , from some bizarre set of misunderstandings , sell more copy of the book . lipsky right . david you can quote that . preferably ina context where I do not sound like a total dweeb . ( a beat . ) by the way , be they gonna send Annie leibovitz to take picture ? lipsky I be not sure . possibly . david I know : you be a good-look guy . we should have ‘em photograph you , and say you be I . maybe I 'il finally end up get laid . lipsky laugh . 7 -eleven - bloomington - 1996 - night 35 in the blue - white fluorescent light , David and lipsky ad-lib while stock up on six - pack of diet rite , chew tobacco , oreos , etc . at the cash register , lipsky prepare to pay . lipsky let I . david you do not have to pay for my shit . 36 37 21 . lipsky it 's not come out of my pocket ... I have get a expense account . david all right , if you insist ... David go back for more . int . car / commercial drag - bloomington - 1996 - night 36 Riding through town , the david be eat candy like teenager on a joyride . david if you eat this stuff all the time , what would be wrong with that ? lipsky except for you tooth fall out and get really fat ? david yeah , it do not have any of the nourishment of real food , but it 's real pleasurable masticate and swallow this stuff . lipsky like seductive commercial entertainment . david exactly , and what save we be that most commercial entertainment be not very good . lipsky what about good seductive commercial entertainment - like die hard ? david the first die hard ? great film . lipsky brilliant , right ? david the best . ext . david 's house - 1996 - night 37 the car pull up , park . they get out with the spoil from the 7 - eleven . mid-discourse : 38 22 . david so if the book 's about anything , it 's about the question of : why be I watch all this shit ? it 's not about the shit , it 's about I . why be I do it ? and what 's so american about what I be do ? we hear the dog bark as David unlock the door and they enter the house . int . david' house / live room / kitchen - 1996 - continuous 38 the dog run out to do they thing . David put away the soda and snack . david the minute I start talk about this stuff , it sound , number one : very vague . and , two : really reductive . lipsky I do not think you be be reductive or vague at all . david because it 's like , I do not have a diagnosis , a system of prescription . you know ? like , why be we - and by '' we '' I mean people like you and I : mostly white , upper middle class , obscenely well - educate , do really interesting job , sit in really expensive chair , watch the best , most sophisticated electronic equipment money can buy - why do we feel empty and unhappy ? lipsky kinda like hamlet . with channel - surfing . david I be not say tv be bad or a waste of you time . any more than , you know , masturbation be bad or a waste of you time . it 's a pleasurable way to spend a few minute . but if you be do it twenty time a day , if you primary sexual relationship be with you own hand , then there 's something wrong . silence . 23 . lipsky at least with masturbation , some action have be perform , though , right ? david all right , you could make I look like a real dick if you print this : yes , you be perform muscular movement with you hand as you be jerk off . but what you be do be run a movie in you head , and have a fantasy relationship with somebody who be not real , in order to stimulate a purely neurological response . look : as the Internet grow in the next ten , fifteen year , and virtual reality pornography become a reality , we be gonna have to develop some machinery , inside we gut , to help we turn off pure , unalloy pleasure . otherwise , I do not know about you , but I be gonna have to leave the planet . lipsky ( smile uncertainly ) why ? david because the technology be just gonna get better and better . and it 's gonna get easier and easier , and more and more convenient , and more and more pleasurable , to be alone with image on a screen , give to we by people who do not love we but want we money . which be fine . in low dose . but if that 's the basic main staple of you diet ? you be gonna die . ina meaningful way , you be go to die . lipsky mull over the gravity of what David have say . David break the portentous silence when he pop a wad of tobacco in he mouth . lipsky can I try that ? david be my guest . it take some get use to . lipsky try it and make a horrible face . David laugh . 39 40 24 . lipsky you mind if I use you uh ... amuse , David point the way to the bathroom . david I believe it 's unoccupy . lipsky go , leave the tape run . int . david' house / bathroom - 1996 - continuous 39 lipsky spit the tobacco into the sink . he cup he hand under the run water and rinse he mouth . he look at himself in the mirror and take a deep , fortifying breath . he stealthily open the medicine cabinet and find it stock with jar of vitamin , stri - dex pad and tube of topol , toothpaste for smoker . he jot down note . int . david' house / live room / kitchen - 1996 - moment later 40 lipsky return , look around . David be play with he dog . lipsky do you not have a tv ? david I do not have a tv . lipsky how come ? david ' Cause if I have a tv , I would watch it all the time . I do not even know if I would watch it ; it would be on all the time - my version of a fireplace . a source of warmth and light in the corner that I would occasionally get suck into . lipsky do you watch a lot of t.v. when you be a kid ? david yeah . a lot . you ? 25 . lipsky me? yeah , I do . I move in with a woman who grow up without a television , and live with she , the first month be torture , and then I realize it be probably the best thing for I . david do you guy stay together ? lipsky it 's complicated . david why ? lipsky I be see this woman , then she move to L.A. and we theoretically break up . and I start see this other woman , but then I start see the first woman again - try the bi- coastal thing - and the second ... well , let 's just say she have not take it very well . david it 's so much easier have dog . you do not get laid ; but you also do not get the feel you be hurt they feeling all the time . I emphasize : strictly platonic relationship with the dog . lipsky you be not dating anyone ? david seriously dating ? no. I be out of practice ; I would not know what to say . lipsky you want to have kid ? david yeah , I think someday I do ; do you ? lipsky yeah . eventually . I think . 26 . david write book be kinda like raise child , but you gotta be careful : you should take pride in the work but it 's bad to want that glory to reflect back on you . lipsky you worry about have child ? David seem far away ; this be difficult for he . after a beat , he speak , sounding vulnerable , which do not go unnotice by lipsky . david I do not know that I want to say anything more about it - okay ? lipsky ( prepare to back off ) that 's fine . david I mean , we can joke about get laid on tour and stuff , but ... lipsky I just think , it have be nice to have someone to be share all this wonderful stuff with . david yeah . I really have wish I be marry , the last couple of week . lipsky you have ? david yeah , because nobody quite get it . you friend who be not in the write biz be all just awed by you picture in time , and you agent and editor be good people , but they have they own agendas . it 's fun talk to you about it , but you have get a agenda , too , and a set of interest that diverge from mine . lipsky that 's true ... 27 . david there 's something nice about have somebody who kinda share you life , and that you could allow yourself just to be happy and confuse with . lipsky somebody you can call when you get back to the hotel . david uh huh . ( a beat . ) so , why be not you marry at thirty ? lipsky why be not you marry at thirty - four ? david you first . lipsky okay . um ... I think it 's hard to cast that role .. to fill it when you know it 's for thirty or forty year .. someone who , whatever mental landscape you be in , they be go to be in it too , you need someone who will fit any landscape you can imagine . david well , I can not put it as well as you do about the '' mental landscape , '' I just know I be hard to be around . David 's '' mental landscape '' reference : competitive , fawn , mock ? lipsky be not sure . lipsky why ? david because when I want to be by myself , like to work , I really want to be by myself . I think if you dedicate yourself to anything , one facet of that be that it make you very very self - conscious . you end up use people . wanting they around when you want they around , but then send they away . lipsky come with the territory , though , do not it ? self -consciousness ? 28 . david there 's good self - consciousness . and then there 's this toxic , paralyze , rape - by-psychic - bedouin self - consciousness . lipsky laugh . lipsky ( be : alanis poster ) can you do I a favor ? can you tell I about that poster over there ? david alanis ? I do not know , I guess I be susceptible like everybody else . why ? lipsky she 's pretty , alright ... david yeah , but in a very sloppy , very human way . that squeaky , orgasmic quality in she voice ? here 's what it be : a lot of woman in magazine be pretty in a way that be not erotic because they do not look like anybody you know . lipsky true . david you can not imagine they put a quarter in a parking meter or eat a bologna sandwich . but she , I do not know , I just find she absolutely riveting . lipsky how would you get to know she , she music , I mean ? david listen to cheesy bloomington radio , and '' I want to tell you '' come on . lipsky ( correct he ) '' you oughta know . '' david what ? 29 . lipsky '' I want to tell you '' be the book 0.j. Simpson write . david oh , right . lipsky would not it be great if O.J. Simpson sing '' you oughta know '' and alanis morissette write a book about not kill two people ? they laugh . lipsky be pleased to make David laugh . david if somehow this whole fuss could get I even like a five- minute cup of tea with she ... lipsky why do not you put out feeler , see if she would be willing to meet you ? david you serious ? I would never do that . lipsky why not ? david I would be too terrify . why , you would do that ? lipsky if I be you ? why not ? david a date with alanis morissette ? what would I say to she ? '' hello , miss morissette . what be it like to be you ? '' ( gruff voice ) '' I do not know -— shut up . and get the fuck away from I . '' lipsky but you have go if she call ? '' hey , Dave . I be at the drake in Chicago . let 's have that tea . '' david yeah ... except this be gonna look ridiculous : like I be use Rolling Stone as a vehicle to , like - 30 . lipsky it 's be use for worse . david yes , I would do it . I have go ina heartbeat . as lipsky crack up , David paint the picture : david perspire heavily , all the way up there , shove cert into my mouth . goin 's nut . it would cost I like a week of absolute trauma . but yeah , I would do it in a heartbeat . David realize the late hour . david ( cont 'd ) look , I like ... I like talk to you but we have to get up real early . lipsky what be it , like ten o'clock ? david it 's eleven - thirty , dickbrain . lipsky shit ... I be so sorry , I completely lose track of time . when should I pick you up in the morning ? lipsky get he coat . david where you go ? lipsky Motel . there be like a day Inn on the main road . I think I have - david ( overlap ) no no you do not want to stay there - trust I . I have gota guest - roomish place you can crash in . lipsky you sure ? I do not want to impose ... 41 int . david 's house / guest room - 1996 - night 41 the room be cluttere , not unlike lipsky 's place in New York . David clear stuff off a futon that 's on the floor . 41a 43 44 31 . david let I get this shit out of the way ... hm. ( be : the rumple sheet ) might be a good idea to change that . together , they put on a clean sheet . when they be do : david uh , leave the door open for the dog . lipsky oh , okay . david they like to wander from room to room during the night ; if the door 's close , they will eat it to get through if they have to . ' night . lipsky make a move to shake he host 's hand but do not . David go . lipsky find himself surround by intimidating stack of domestic and foreign edition of David 's book . int . david 's house / guest room - 1996 - later 41a lipsky be in bed . from he Pov on the floor : the loom tower of infinite jest . the door creak open : drone and jeeve pay a visit . ext . david 's house - 1996 - dawn 43 in the middle of a wintry field . int . david' house / kitchen - 1996 — dawn 44 lipsky , wreck , enter and find David drink coffee . david Morning . there 's coffee ... lipsky no , thanks . I do not need caffeine to wake up . but cigarettes ...? he light up . david Brothers of the lung . a pop - tart pop up from the toaster . david want to split this with I ? it 's the last one I have get . 46 47 32 . lipsky no thanks . David split it in two and offer lipsky half . david mi pop - tart es su pop-tart . lipsky thanks . they bite into they pop -tart . ext . david 's house - 1996 - moment later 46 a miserable morning . grey , freezing rain . lipsky scrape ice off the windshield . i/e. car / outskirt - bloomington - 1996 - morning 47 windshield wiper clear fall sleet . the tape recorder on the transmission between they . Radio play softly . Riding past farmland , plant , strip mall . David , in the passenger seat , give the lay of the land . david ..- there 's a mitsubishi plant , and then there 's a lot of farm - support stuff , like ro-tech , Anderson seed ... lipsky what be you do here ? I mean , why be not you in New York ? david every time I go to New York , I get catch up in this - there 's this enormous hiss of ego at various stage of inflation and deflation . it 's me-me-me . lipsky take out he tape recorder . lipsky so , I gotta ask : what 's with the bandanna ? david what ? what do you mean ? lipsky people think it 's a way you be try to connect with the young read audience . 33. david be that what people think ? I do not know many gen - xers who wear ‘em . jeez . I do not know what to say . I guess I wish you have not bring this up . lipsky why ? david because now I be worry that it 's go to seem intentional . like if I do not wear it , be I not wear it because I be bow to other people 's perception that it 's a commercial choice ? or do I do what I want , even though it 's perceive as commercial -— and it 's just like one more crazy circle to go around . lipsky sorry . when do you start wear they ? david in tuscon . it be a hundred degree all the time . I would perspire so much ... I would drip into the electric typewriter , I be nervous I be gonna give myself a shock . and then I discover that I feel better with they on . lipsky uh huh . david I know it 's a security blanket for I - whenever I be nervous . or feel like I have to keep myself together . it make I feel kinda creepy that people view it as a affectation or a trademark or something . it 's more of a foible , the recognition of a weakness , that I be kinda afraid my head 's gonna explode . lipsky laugh . 51 34 . i./e. car / outskirt - chicago - 1996 - day 51 the Grand be on the highway to o’hare . truck race past spew cascade of water . wiper at top speed . ambient tape run . lipsky at the wheel . lipsky you parent be both academic ? david my dad , philosophy ; my mom , English . you ? lipsky I ? my dad 's in advertising , my mom 's a painter . when they split up , I live with my mother in soho and my brother move in with my dad . david sound like there 's a story there . lipsky there be ; I just write it . david so what be that like , you family divide that way ? lipsky hey , who 's interview whom ? how old be you when you start write fiction ? david twenty-one ? lipsky never before ? david I think I start a World War two novel when I be nine . lipsky what about ? david a bunch of people with strangely hyperdeveloped skill and power , who be go to invade Hitler 's bunker . then , in college , I write a couple of papers for other people . 52 53 56b 35 . lipsky they be pay you to write they papers ? david well , I would not put it that coarsely . but let 's say there be complicated system of reward . I have read two or three of they papers to learn , you know , what they music sound like . and I remember think , '' man , I be really good at this . I be a weird kind of forger . I mean , I can sound kind of like anybody . '' lipsky odd be I be gonna want to talk to you parent . david what for ? lipsky biographical stuff . david I hereby request that you do not . lipsky oh. okay . david they be real private people , and I would have a hard time with it . so , no you may not . lipsky ( back off ) okay . I may not . ext . o'hare airport / long term parking - chicago - 1996 - day 52 lipsky look for a place to park the Grand be . int . airport - 1996 - day 53 the david check in at the gate . int . airplane - 1996 - later 56 B peanut , pretzel and drink sit on they open tray table . 36 . david crap job ? let 's see : I be a security guard for this software company for three and a half month . lipsky really . david I have to wear this polyester uniform , and walk under this fluorescent light , twirlin’ my baton , check in every ten minute : [ mime a walkie- talkie ] '' all clear at this cubicle ! '' like , every bad ' 60 novel about meaningless authority . lipsky and be you think , '' my God , I have two book come out when I be in my early twenty and here I be ... '' ? david no . as a matter of fact , one reason I like that job be , I walk around not think . in a really like , '' huh : there 's a ceiling tile . '' lipsky and after the security guard thing ? david this be the worst : I work as a towel boy at this chichi health club . lipsky a '' towel boy ? '' david they call I something other than a towel boy , but I be in effect a towel boy . who every once in a while be entrust with the job of check people in , have they show they i.d ? lipsky uh huh . david anyway , I be sit there , and who should walk in to get they towel , but this guy , this writer I know . 37 . who receive a white writer 's Award the same year I have , like two year earlier . lipsky oh , shit ... david so I see this guy that I would be up on this fuck rostrum with , have eudora welty give we this prize - lipsky oh , God ! david - and two year later , I be like .. it 's the only time I have literally dive under something , to have somebody avoid see I . lipsky do you think you be do then ? david yeah . I be pretty sure life be over . lipsky this be after you suicide watch ? David blink . a beat . david how have you know about that ? lipsky I read it somewhere . McLean 's , right ? how long be you there ? david eight day , I think . lipsky why be you there ? david mostly ' cause I be scared I would do something stupid . I have a friend from high school who try to kill himself by sit in a garage with the car runnin' . and what it turn out be , he do not die , but it really fuck up he brain . 38 . and I know , that if anybody be fated to fuck up a suicide attempt , it be I . lipsky so there you be still in you twenty ... david my late twenty . lipsky you late twenty , somewhat in pain about you desire to become a sort of successful literary person . david I think probably the not very sophisticated diagnosis be that I be depressed . ' Cause by this time , my ego 's all invest in the write . it 's the only thing that I have get , you know , food pellet from the universe for . so I feel really trap : like , '' uh-oh , my five year be up . I have gotta move on , but I do not want to move on . '' I be really stick . and drink be part of that . but it be not that I be stick because I drank . it be like , I really sort of feel like my life be over at twenty - eight . and that feel really bad , and I do not wanna feel it . so I would do all kind of thing : I mean , I would drink real heavy , I would like fuck stranger . oh , God -- or , then , for two week I would not drink , and I would run ten mile every morning , in a desperate , like very american , '' I will fix this somehow , by take radical action '' sort of thing . lipsky and here you be , promote this acclaimed book . not bad . david David . this [ the interview ] be nice . this be not real . they look at one another . 39 . 58 int . airport / arrival - minneapolis - 1996 - day 58 the guy walk toward baggage claim . david a escort 's suppose to pick I up and , you know , escort I to the read . of course , when I hear '' escort , '' I imagine like full geisha with hairpin who will take you to the bookstore , then back to the hotel , walk on you back and fuck you eyeball out . lipsky be laugh . lipsky I think that 's she . david ah. just as I picture . at the end of a long corridor stand a solidly - build , perky , forty - ish woman , patty , hold a sign : '' mr. wallace . '' patty Mr. wallace ! I recognize you from you photograph ! I be Patty gundersson ! welcome to minneapolis ! david thank you , Patty . lipsky hi , I be David lipsky . patty David and David . that 's easy . it 's the twin city , so ... david ( in explanation ) we only just meet . he 's write a piece on the tour . should we get go ? patty yes , come on , come on ... as they exit : david how be you morning , Patty ... 40 . patty good . how about you guy ? the flight alright ? 59 int . patty' car / STREET - minneapolis - 1996 - day 59 driving through minneapolis . David and lipsky share the backseat . Patty be a talker . patty you would not believe all the famous people I have drive around ! shirley maclaine ? when she come through on a book tour ? ron Wood . you know , of the Rolling Stones ? david of course , yeah , wow . patty Peter O'Toole ... very thin , but delightful . lipsky see the pass , obstruct view of the Mary Tyler Moore commemorative statue . lipsky oh , look : the Mary Tyler Moore statue . david oh , yeah . patty do you want I to stop ? david no , no . patty everybody who come here , the first thing they want to see be '' where do Mary Tyler Moore throw she cap in the air ? '' one of we biggest attraction . you sure you do not want I to stop ? david I be sure . thanks , anyway . ( sotto , to lipsky ) trust I : this be about as sexy as the tour get . lipsky laugh . 61 62 63a 41 . int . HOTEL whitney / lobby - minneapolis - 1996 - day 61 lipsky and David check in at the front desk . female desk clerk Mr. ... lipsky lipsky . l-i-p , s-k-y. female desk clerk I have get you in a standard double . and Mr. wallace ? you have a room with twin . david ah , yes : anita and consuela . lipsky laugh . the desk clerk do not get the joke . female desk clerk Excuse I ? int . HOTEL whitney / corridor - minneapolis - 1996 - day 62 the elevator arrive with a ding . they both get off ; David find he room . david see ya later . I be gonna take a nap . we follow lipsky in the opposite direction to he . int . HOTEL whitney / lipsky' room - minneapolis - 1996 - day 63a his hair still wet from a shower , lipsky be on the phone to Bob , he increasingly exasperate editor . bob' voice ( over phone ) well , what do he have to say about the heroin rumor ? lipsky I have not get to that . bob' voice what be you wait for ? lipsky what be I suppose to say : be it true you be a heroin addict ? bob' voice yes . that 's you story . 64 42 . lipsky okay . it 's hard . bob' voice why ? because you like he ? lipsky well ... yeah . bob' voice David . you have get to press he . lipsky okay . bob' voice be a prick if you have to . you be not he best buddy , you be a reporter . lipsky I know . right. bye . he hang up and look out the window . e/i. hungry mind bookstore - ST paul - 1996 - night 64 a cool , independent bookstore [ now defunct ] . Patty escort the david in . people who have begin to show up for the event recognize David ; some gawk , some smile . David 's friend , two attractive woman around he age , julie ( petite , brunette ) and betsy ( tall , strike ) , surprise he with they attendance . david I can not believe you guy show up ! julie we would not miss this , be you kid ? david glutton for punishment , both of you . they greet and hug David . introduction , handshake . david this be David lipsky . a reporter from Rolling Stone . julie oh , wow , hi . david this be Julie ... 43. lipsky hi , Julie . david and this be betsy . betsy hi . lipsky Nice to meet you . david betsy and I go to grad school together , in Tucson . lipsky nice. ( to Julie ) how do you know David ? david she write I a fan letter . julie I do , I be the book editor at City page and I write he a fan letter , that 's right . david Julie have work with a whole lot of writer - julie so I be discriminate . david exactly . and we discover that we actually kind of like each other as people . julie indeed . david that 's how I meet jon franzen : I write he a fan letter . writer be pushover when it come to flattery . you could try it sometime . 66 int . bookstore / manager' office - ST paul - 1996 - night the room , cramme with book and a old sofa , double as a kind of '' green room '' for visit writer . 44 , martha cavenaugh , the shop manager , a robust earth - mother who love book and she job , offer cookie to Julie , betsy , lipsky and Patty while David look over he read selection . martha you sure I can not get you something to drink ? david do you have any artificial spit ? everyone laugh , perhaps a little too heartily . david no , it 's a actual pharmaceutical product . zero-lube . lipsky really ? artificial saliva ? david yeah , but it 's way better ' cause it lubricate . you do not get that clicky sound you do with dry mouth . he demonstrate . martha I all have to remember that . david next tour , I bring a case . martha in the meantime , what can I get you ? david Water ? no ice ? martha go to fetch it . lipsky and betsy . lipsky be you a fiction writer , too ? betsy I be a poet , actually . lipsky oh , wow . 66 a 66d 45 . betsy just get my first poem publish in the kenyon Review . lipsky really ! wow ! congratulation ! David observe lipsky chat animatedly with betsy , disapproval register on he face . int . hungry mind bookstore - ST paul - 1996 - later 66a martha lead they to the side of the podium . on the move : david I do not mean to be a prima donna , but I would really prefer it if we do not have a qéa . martha of course . whatever you feel most comfortable with . david it 's always stuff like '' where do you get you idea ? '' ( to lipsky ) from a time - life subscription series for $ 17.95 a month . lipsky and martha laugh . martha it 's show time ! martha go to the podium . david ( to lipsky ) it 's all downhill from here . martha this be the very last stop on he book tour and we be very lucky to have he ! lady and gentleman ... would you welcome to the hungry mind ... David . foster. wallace ! the pack audience applaud enthusiastically . lipsky watch as David approach the podium . int . hungry mind bookstore - ST paul - 1996 - later 66d a long line of excited book buyer wait they turn . seat at a table , David sign one and hand it to a young woman . 46 . david there you go . the young woman look at it with bemusement . young woman what be that suppose to be , a computer ? david what ? no . it 's a smiley face . see ? young woman ohhh ... david if you want , I could put wite - out over it ... young woman that 's okay . david you sure ? it 's you book ... lipsky , in ad-libbed conversation with betsy and Julie , observe from the sideline . back to David . a nerdy guy pull out the vintage paperback copy of the broom of the system . david oh no . that old thing ? nerdy guy do you mind ...? david eh , the new one 's better . the guy plunk down a copy of infinite jest , too . david now we be talkin’ . the guy laugh as David see lipsky laugh with Julie and betsy and be threaten by it . lipsky see David look at they and smile ; David ominously do not return the smile . he turn instead to the next customer . david who 's next ? 67 47 . int . i- hop - ST paul - 1996 - night 67 David and lipsky be dining out on pancake with Julie and betsy . laid -back , improvisational . it 's toward the end of the meal . david I could not be plain old '' Dave wallace '' ' cause there be '' Dave wallace '' all over the place . and '' David raine wallace '' write for the New Yorker . that 's when Fred Hill ask I what my middle name be and decide that be what my name be gonna be . lipsky this be literally the worst superhero origin story . david I do not claim it be a origin story ... betsy Dave , remember in Tucson , that professor you kind of lock horn with ? david my nemesis who shall remain nameless ? I think I be kind of a prick . but so be he . I be just unteachable . I mean , I do not think I be actively unpleasant in class . betsy you be pretty unpleasant . well , I love it . ( to lipsky ) he be pleasantly unpleasant . david well , I have get to get up unconscionably early for this public radio interview , so we would better ... lipsky which mean that I have to get up early , too . david you can do whatever the fuck you want . sleep in if you want to . David 's mercurial attitude toward he unnerve lipsky . 68 48. julie we will get you back to the hotel . they settle up the check . lipsky I will get the check . this one be on I . david well , it 's on Jann . julie '' Jann ? '' david Jann be he boss . julie Mr. Rolling Stone . i/e . julie' car / downtown skyline - ST . paul - 1996 - night 68 Julie at the wheel ; betsy in the passenger seat . David and lipsky be in the backseat smoking , each blow smoke out of they respective window . spirit high , they sing along with the alanis morissette song '' you oughta know '' on the radio . julie can you close the window , pleaaasssse , it 's fuck freezing ! lipsky oh but this be we hypothermia smoking tour of the Midwest . Julie and betsy laugh . David do not . betsy '' hypothermia smoking tour . '' I love that ! lipsky oh , thank you . betsy sound like something Dave would say . david ( to himself ) do not it . David do not like that lipsky amused he friend with a dfw - like joke - and lipsky sense tension . 49 , 69 ext . HOTEL whitney / valet area - minneapolis - 1996 - night 69 Julie 's car pull up and deposit the david . julie what be you do tomorrow after you interview ? david do not know yet . julie give we a call , okay ? betsy we be here . ad-libbed '' good night 's all around . Julie and betsy drive away and David and lipsky enter the hotel . lipsky that be nice . david yeah . I be hungry . lipsky still ? 70 int . HOTEL whitney / david be room - minneapolis - 1996 - night 70 camera pan m n m 's and candy wrapper : the detritus of a non - alcoholic mini-bar snack attack . lipsky how do that feel ? people fight to get in , big line of people who want to impress you ... we find David and lipsky in twin bed , face each other , talk like college roommate pull a all - nighter . david I will tell you - have a audience with really really pretty girl who be pay attention to you , and like what you be sayin’ ? be gratify on a fairly I think simple mammal level . lipsky I know . why be that ? 71 a beat . 50 . david I think pretty girl be what we most sort of dream and despair of ever have , of ever pay attention to you . and there they be , in the front row , make eye at you . lipsky I think my girlfriend be in love you . david no she 's not . lipsky I think she be . I think she like you write more than she like mine . it 's get kind of annoying . david get she on the phone . lipsky no , she 's probably sleep anyway . david please ? int . HOTEL whitney / david be room - minneapolis - 1996 - 71 moment later lipsky hold the phone . we hear Sarah 's voice . sarah' voice ( over the phone ) hello ? lipsky hi. sarah' voice hi ! how 's it go ? lipsky it 's fine . do I wake you up ? sarah' voice no , I be up read infinite jest . it 's pretty amazing . lipsky good . listen : somebody want to say hello . hold on a sec . 72 51 . he hand the receiver to David . david ( whisper to lipsky ) what 's she name again ? lipsky Sarah . David speak into the phone . ( when David be on the phone , we - and lipsky - hear only he side of the conversation . ) david Sarah ? hi. it 's Dave wallace . lipsky try to reclaim the phone a couple of time during the follow but David , engage in a power play , retain control : he way of re-assert himself after lipsky 's perceive transgression with David 's woman friend . david Nice to meet you telephonically , too . let I ask he . ( to lipsky ) be you behave yourself ? lipsky she 's ask that ? david ( to Sarah ) I be reasonably sure he be . I do not have eye on he 24 / 7 . lipsky reach for the phone but David continue talk . david ( cont 'd ) what be you up to tonight ? oh , wow . you be kid I . oh my gosh . what part be you up to ? wow , you be really far along ! oh , thank you . that 's very flatter . now that David 's talk about the book , lipsky give up in frustration , plop into a chair , and quietly seethes . int . HOTEL whitney / lipsky' room - minneapolis - 1996 - later 72 lipsky , in bed , be on the phone with Sarah . he 's livid . lipsky what the fuck be that about ? sarah' voice ( over phone ) what. 73 74 75 52 . lipsky you be on the phone with he for like a half hour ! sarah' voice it be not a half hour ... lipsky it be ! it be twenty - five minute ; I time it ! you be only suppose to say hello ! int . HOTEL whitney / corridor / david be room - minneapolis - 1996 73 — morning lipsky leave he room and go down the hall to collect David . he knock on he door . listen . tv sound from inside . knock again . lipsky David ? escort 's wait . we gotta go . David , still in boxer and Chicago cub t-shirt , frazzle , open the door . david sorry , man . get totally lose in a orgy of crap . David duck into the bathroom . david a simultaneous broadcast of falcon crest , Magnum p.i. , and Charlie 's angel : a perfect storm of shit . out in a minute . we hear the shower run . lipsky sit on the bed watch jaclyn Smith and farrah fawcett . ext . HOTEL whitney / lobby - minneapolis - 1996 - morning 74 lipsky and David , with he shower - wet hair pin up , find Patty 's car out front . they get in the backseat . patty you be wear that ? david for a radio interview ? yes . her disapproval show , she pull away . 75 76 716a 53. int . minnesota public radio / lobby / corridor - ST paul - 1996 - 76 day a pretty production assistant greet David and lipsky . david hi. dave. Dave wallace . p.a. ( blushes ) I know who you be . David introduce lipsky . david my amanuensis , Mr. boswell . the p.a. shake lipsky 's hand , play along with the joke . p.a. ( in greeting ) '' Mr. boswell . '' right this way . she lead David , follow by lipsky , down a corridor past glass - wall studio . lipsky see people recognize David , whisper among themselves . Young woman smile shyly , excited to be in the presence of a cool celebrity . p.a . we record digitally . I hope that 's ok . david so only yes or no answer ? she roll she eye . lipsky laugh , David see he scribble in he pad . david if you do a really mean job , I have twenty year to get you back . remember that . int . minnesota public radio / NPR studio - 1996 - day t6a the interview go on the air . lipsky observe from outside the booth . the NPR guy have a good radio voice . NPR guy my guest today be David Foster wallace , who have burst on the literary scene with he 1,079 - page , three - pound - three - ounce novel , infinite jest. 54 . jay mcinerney call it '' something like a sleek vonnegut chassis wrap in layer of post-millennial Zola . '' David Foster wallace , welcome to we show . david thank you , glad to be here . he exchange look with lipsky outside the booth . NPR guy you have say that you see yourself as - quote - '' a combination of be incredibly shy , and be a egomaniac , too . '' david I think I say '' exhibitionist , also . '' NPR guy meaning ? David glance at lipsky . david well , I think be shy basically mean be self - absorb to the extent that it make it difficult to be around other people . NPR guy difficult for you , or difficult for the other people ? david I suppose a little bit of both . 77 I /e. patty' car / minnesota public radio - ST paul - 1996 - 77 day Patty wait outside she car as the david join she . patty that be wonderful ! I listen to the whole show ! so interesting ! I may have to buy you book and read it ! david sorry about that . David and lipsky climb in . 79 80 55 . patty so , you have the rest of the day free . where would you like to go ? david do you know where the mall of America be ? e./i. mall of america / various shop - minnesota - 1996 - day 79 they discover the vast court at each corner of the mall . they walk through the amusement park ; ride a roller coaster ; ride a carousel . in a mirror maze , they make they way through , try not to bump into the wall . they try flight simulator , play mini-golf , and walk through the underwater tunnel of the aquarium . they stare blankly at build -a- bear bear part which stare blankly back at they . int . mall of america / food court - minnesota - 1996 - day 80 David and lipsky sit over lunch , the recorder run on the table between they . they watch shopper . david I want to write something that have kind of the texture of what life be like in America right now : this enormous tsunami of stuff comin’ at you . and also - it 's not unfun . lipsky not at all . it be sort of heavy , though . I mean weight - wise . david my friend say when it hit the porch , it sound like a car bomb go off . lipsky who be you reader ? College kid ? david the people who seem most enthusiastic be young man . which I guess I can understand - it 's a fairly male book , a fairly nerdy book , about loneliness . you can expect that somebody who 's willing to read and read hard a thousand - page book be gonna be somebody with some loneliness issue . lipsky you think it 's about loneliness ? 56 . david I think if there be sort of a sadness for people under forty - five or something , it have to do with pleasure and achievement and entertainment . and a kind of emptiness at heart of what they think be go on , that maybe I can hope that part of the book will speak to they nerve ending a little bit . he press stop on the tape recorder , surprising lipsky . david ( cont 'd ) by the way , if you quote any of this , you would do I a favor if you have say that I be talk about what I hope for the book , or what the book be tryin' to do , I do not pretend that it have . okay ? lipsky that 's fine . lipsky press play . lipsky so : the walter kirn review , in New York Magazine - david do not read it . I mean , I hear . lipsky '' next year 's book award have be decide '' kind of thing ? how have it feel ? david I applaud he taste and discernment . what do you want I to say ? how would you feel about it ? lipsky how would I feel ? that I have know all along it be good , and here be someone validate that . david all I know be , this be absolutely the best I could do between like 1992 and 1995 . and if everybody hate it , I would not be thrilled , but I do not think I would be devastate , either . 57 . it 's like , if you be use to do heavy - duty literary stuff that do not sell well , be human animal with ego , we find a way to accommodate that fact by the follow equation : if it sell really well and get a lot of attention , it must be shit . then , of course , the ultimate irony be : if you thing get a lot of attention and sell really well , then the very mechanism you have use to shore yourself up when you stuff do not sell well be now part of the darkness nexus when it do , so you be screw . you can not win . lipsky be laugh . 81 int . mall of america / multiplex - minnesota - 1996 - day 81 David and lipsky stand outside . Julie and betsy arrive . ad - lib greeting all around . betsy oh , my God , this place be insane ! julie I can not believe we actually find you ! 81a int . mall of america / multiplex - minnesota - 1996 - later 81a the foursome look over movie title on the electronic board . betsy what 's the juror ? lipsky demi Moore . John grisham . betsy oh , right . happy Gilmore ? julie no , that 's Adam sandler . david ooo , Broken Arrow ! perfect dumb boy movie . thing that blow up ! lipsky I have already see it , but ... 82 83 84 58. david you have already see it ? Boy , you be aman from my own heart , be not you . lipsky I do not mind , I will see it again ... betsy I will see anything . david we can see something else ... int . multiplex / theater - minnesota - 1996 - day 82 a loud , explosive action scene from Broken Arrow with John travolta and Christian slater fill the screen . seat up close , they head crane look up at the screen , Julie and betsy sit together and lipsky monitor David 's reaction . David be a ideal spectator , totally engage with a child - like guilelessness that lipsky find endear . david oh boy ... oh wow , oh jeez ...! int . multiplex / hallway - minnesota - 1996 - night 83 Julie , betsy , David and lipsky file out after the movie . improv post - movie discussion . david be not that a cool shot at the end , when travolta get impale by the thing ? julie what do we do now ? david do you have a t.v.? julie uh huh . I do . int . julie' house / live room / kitchen - ST paul - 1996 - 84 night on tv : John Michael higgins in the late shift . they sit around snack on fresh popcorn and soda . david I know that guy . 59 . lipsky the guy play leno ? david no , the guy play letterman . julie how do you know he ? david go to amherst with he . lipsky friend of yours ? david I hate he gut . laughter . lipsky get up to go to the kitchen which be visible from the live room . lipsky do anyone want drink or anything ? julie ( call ) there 's also beer . lipsky soda 's fine , thank you . julie ( to David ) why do you hate he ? david he be just very cool and popular and I be not , that be the basic offense . betsy get something out of she bag and join lipsky in the kitchen . betsy hey . lipsky hey ! betsy I bring you something . lipsky you bring I something ? she give he a copy of the kenyon Review . 60 . lipsky oh , great ! this have you poem in it ! thank you ! in the live room , David show Julie the tv listing . david look what 's on next . algier . star hedy lamarr . have you see it ? julie uh , no . david it 's one of the great . and hedy lamarr be fascinating . she invent frequency hopping . David see lipsky and betsy talk and do not like it . back to the kitchen . lipsky hey , when I get back to New York , you mind if I e-mail you with question about what Dave be like in grad school and stuff ? betsy sure , if it 's okay with Dave . lipsky I be sure it 's fine with Dave . can I have you e-mail address ? betsy sure . she look for something to write on , scribbles she address and give it to lipsky before go back to the live room . a moment later , David get up , walk over to lipsky , and back he up against the fridge . david ( whisper ) what be you do ? lipsky initially think David be joke . lipsky ( smile ) what ? 61 . david I see you hit on betsy . lipsky hitting on ...? I be talk to she . david David , I see you ! you get she to give you she address . lipsky her e-mail address . in case I have question , about the piece I be write about you . david well , I do not want she talk to you . lipsky Fine ! I will not contact she . david I tell you she and I date when we be in grad school ... the least you can do be show I the respect of not come on to she right in front of I . lipsky Dave , I be sorry if it look that way . that be not my intention . besides , why would I want to get involved with somebody who life in St. Paul ? david you be already involved with somebody who life in Los Angeles ... David be glaring at he when we hear : julie ( 0.s. ) be you okay ? david ( call ) everything 's fine . thank you . ( to lipsky ) just stay away from she . okay ? Bea good guy . David go back to the woman . david ( 0.s. ) what would I miss ? 86 87 87a 88 89 90 62. once he catch he breath , lipsky , break solidarity with David 's abstinence , get a beer out of the fridge and pointedly , while make eye contact with David , pop open the can and defiantly take a slug . int . julie' house / live room - ST paul - 1996 - later 86 algier be on television . David watch ; betsy be go ; Julie have fall asleep . lipsky , now wary of David , sit some distance away , struggle to stay awake . i/e. taxi / downtown - minneapolis - 1996 - night 87 lipsky and David ride in the backseat in silence , avoid each other , look out they respective window . i/e. taxi / HOTEL whitney / valet area - minneapolis - 1996 - 87a night the cab pull up to they hotel . lipsky be prepare to pay the fare . david I get it . lipsky that 's all right , my expense account '' 1l cover it . david so will mine . I get it , I say . lipsky relent . int . HOTEL whitney / elevator - minneapolis - 1996 - night 88 lipsky and David ride up in silence . the elevator arrive at they floor with a ding . int . HOTEL whitney / corridor - minneapolis - 1996 -— continuous 89 lipsky go in one direction ; David in the other . lipsky hey. good night . David do not respond . lipsky watch he petulantly go down the hall to he room . int . HOTEL whitney / lipsky' room - minneapolis - 1996 - night 90 lipsky , agitate , pace while talk on the phone . 91 63. sarah' voice ( over phone ) be you flirt ? lipsky no ! Sarah , I swear to you : he just completely go bonker on I . sarah' voice you do that , David , you know ? you be not even aware of it . lipsky what do I do ? sarah' voice you be compulsively flirtatious . lipsky I can not believe you be take he side ! sarah' voice I be not ! lipsky yes you be . listen , I think I be just really tired . I gotta go . sarah' voice David ? David ...? he hang up . i/e. HOTEL whitney / valet area - minneapolis - 1996 - morning 91 lipsky and David , unsmile , emerge from the hotel with they bag . Patty greet they with a cheery smile . patty good morning ! and how be we this morning ? David climb into the backseat . lipsky I think I 'il ride up front . David look a little surprised but say nothing . patty oh. okay . here , let I get my junk out of the way ... 92 93 94 64 . she make room for lipsky who get into the passenger seat . Patty continue yammer but lipsky tune she out . the car pull away . int . airplane - 1996 - day 92 mid-flight . David , he beat - up Robert heinlein paperback on he lap , sleep soundly with he lip slightly parte and he bandanna have head lean against the window . lipsky study he sunlit face with new objectivity . ext . o'hare airport / long term parking - chicago - 1996 - dusk 93 a fresh layer of snow cover every car in the lot , make they indistinguishable from one another . David and lipsky walk through the row of car , David carry he knapsack . they continue to walk up and down the row of car look for the Grand be . lipsky repeatedly click he key hope to have the car announce itself with blink headlight . lipsky click the key and locate the car . finally . they throw they bag in the trunk and start to get in . lipsky what . david you do not think to write down where we park the car ? lipsky be cold , feel vulnerable , fight tear . lipsky no. I do not , okay ? sorry ! I fuck up . I be a fuck -up . not everyone can be as brilliant as you . david what be with you ? lipsky what the fuck be with you ? they get into the car . int . car / outskirt - chicago - 1996 - day 94 they ride in silence . lipsky , at the wheel , collect he thought before speak he mind . this be a more assertive lipsky than we have see before . 65 . lipsky I gotta say ... there 's something basically false about you approach here . david what do you mean '' false ? '' lipsky I think it 's part of you whole social strategy . david in what way ? lipsky you still feel you be smarter than other people . david oh , really ? lipsky yeah but you act like you be in the kid 's softball game , but hold back you power-hitting , to try to make it more competitive for the little one . david when ? lipsky here , now , for the past three day , it 's part of you social strategy . david you be a tough room , you know that ? lipsky you make a point of hold back - there 's something obvious about you hold back you intelligence , to be with people who be young or maybe not as agile as you be ... david that would make I a real asshole , would not it ? I do not think writer be any smarter than other people . I think they may be more compelling in they stupidity , or in they confusion . 66 . but I think one of the true way that I have get smarter be , I have realize that I be not much smarter than other people . lipsky yeah , right . david there be way in which other people be a lot smarter than I . like , I do not know , it make I feel kinda lonely ... lipsky what . david there 's certain stuff I have tell you that 's really true and , frankly , I think it 's be brave of I . lipsky absolutely . david I have write enough of this '' piece '' to know that you could present this in a hundred different way . ninety of which I be really gonna come off as a monumental asshole . but it seem like you read of this be , '' huh : what a interesting persona Dave be adopt for the purpose of this interview . '' lipsky that 's not what I be say . david if we have do this interview through the mail ? and I have access to a library , and could look stuff up ? my dream would be for you to write this up , send it to I , and I get to rewrite all my quote - which of course you will never do . when I be in a room by myself , alone , and have enough time , I can be really really smart . do not get I wrong : I think I be bright ; I think I be talented . I do not mean to sound disingenuous . lipsky ( amused ) oh , no ?! 67 . david I be not a idiot . I mean , you know , I can talk intelligently with you about stuff . but I can not quite keep up with you . lipsky that be such bullshit . david believe I : I be not just '' aw - shuck , I be just in from the country , I be not a real writer , I be just a regular guy . '' I be not try to lay some kind of shit . and I be - lipsky you just do it again ! you flatter I , but be you just be patronize ? david I just think to look across the room and automatically assume that somebody else be less aware than I , or that somehow they interior life be less rich , and complicated , and acutely perceive than mine , make I not as good a writer . lipsky why ? david because that mean I be go to be perform for a faceless audience , instead of try to have a conversation with a person . if you think that 's faux , then you think what you want . I have get a serious fear of be a certain way . and a set I think of like , real conviction about why I be continue to do this , why it 's worthwhile . why it 's not just a exercise in basically get my dick suck . and , you know what ? , this be a very clever tactic of yours : lipsky tactic , what tactic ? david get I a little piss off , a little less guard , I be gonna reveal more . 95 96 68. yes , it 's true : I treasure my regular - guy -ness ; I have start to think it 's my biggest asset as a writer , that I be pretty much just like everybody else . ( a beat . ) you know what ? I be not do any kind of faux thing with you ; I be not gonna say it again . lipsky okay , but the faux thing - what you just say - be a example of the faux thing . you do not want to take the risk of give the full you . david look , I do not know if you be a very nice man or not . it 's very clear that you do not believe a word I have say . lipsky all you protest ... '' I be just a regular guy . '' you do not crack open a thousand - page book ' cause you hear the author 's a regular guy . you read it because the author be brilliant . because you want he to be brilliant . so who the fuck be you kid ? david I do not have the brain cell leave to play any kind of '' faux '' game with you . lipsky Fine . David press stop on the tape recorder . ext . highway / gas station - central illinois - 1996 - 95 afternoon in nasty weather , lipsky fill the tank , leave the cap on the roof . David run around to the other side of the car to take over drive duty from lipsky . they drive away . i/e. car / outskirt - bloomington - 1996 - afternoon 96 closer to home . lipsky glance over at David , at the wheel , who seem faraway and depressed . lipsky what be you think ? 69 . david Tour 's over . lipsky just hit you ? david yeah . I be gonna have to feel all this now , instead of just sleepwalk through it . lipsky what do you mean by '' sleepwalk ? '' david I have kind of unplugge myself for the last three week . meeting a whole lot of new people , have to do thing , you be in a constant low - level state of anxiety . and sort of deep , existential , you know : fear , that you feel kind of all the way down to you butthole . lipsky what be you afraid of ? I mean , what 's the worst thing that could possibly happen ? david the worst ? that I will really get to like it . that 's the worst . lipsky the attention ? david uh huh . lipsky ( nod , then ) and what would be so wrong about that ? david become one of this hideous : '' yet another publication party , and hey , there 's Dave stick he head in the back of the photo . '' I have rather be dead . lipsky why ? david I do not want to be see that way . why , would you ? lipsky well , if you be derive you satisfaction from talk about you work , as oppose to write , then , yeah , I guess you have get a lot less do . david exactly . and there 's nothing more grotesque than somebody who 's go around , '' I be a writer , I be a writer , I be a writer . '' be that a dig at lipsky ? lipsky think so . david I do not mind appear in Rolling Stone , but I do not want to appear in Rolling Stone as somebody who want to be in Rolling Stone . if you see I like , you know , a guest on a game show in a couple of year ... lipsky laugh . pause . David be pensive again . david to have write a book about how seductive image be , and how many way there be to get seduce off any kind of meaningful path , because of the way the culture be now ...? what if I become this parody of that very thing ? lipsky look at David , who stare straight ahead , he eye maybe fill with tear . david tomorrow , you drive away , get ona plane , this be over . and I be back to know like twenty people . then I be go to have to like decompress from get all this attention . because it 's like get heroin injected into you cortex . that register with lipsky . 97 71 . david ( contd ) and where I be go to need real ball be to be able to sit and go through that . and try to remind myself that what the reality be : that I be thirty - four year old , and I be alone ina room with a piece of paper . they drive in silence . ext. / int . david be house - 1996 - night 97 the Grand be pull up , its headlight the only artificial light . the david get out and remove they bag . Inside , the dog be bark in anticipation . David unlock the door and the dog greet he and lipsky exuberantly . David kneel so that the dog lick he face . david ( in a elvis voice ) I be never leavin 's you again , I swear . David look around the carpet . david shit check. ( discover some ) ah! look what you do . the dog sheepishly watch David clean up they shit . david happens to the best of we , eh , boy ? never fail . wait to do you thing after the dog-sitter leave . ( to lipsky ) be sure you Rolling Stone reader learn about that . David prepare to put on some music . tape recorder in hand , lipsky approach . lipsky uh. hey . so , I be leave tomorrow and , I have get to ask you about this rumor ... david be this the heroin thing ? the heroin thing again ? lipsky yeah . 72 . david it be not true . what be so hard for you to believe ? lipsky the reason it be so hard to believe be because there be so much about drug and addiction in the book ... david that do not mean it 's autobiographical , the drug stuff in the book be basically a metaphor . look at you . you do not fuck believe a word I be say , do you . lipsky I do not say that . david I be not , I never be a heroin addict . lipsky okay . the rumor I hear ... be that in the late ' 80s , when you be at Harvard , you would get involved with drug and have some kind of breakdown ... david I do not know if I have a breakdown , I get really really depressed . I tell you that . it have nothing to do with drug . I mean , I be somebody who spend most of he life in library . I never live that kind of dangerous life . I would not even stick a needle into my arm . lipsky okay , so how do you think that rumor get start ? david I have no idea ! I have no idea . lipsky alright ... calm down ... 73 . david to tell you truly , if you structure this as some '' and then he spirale into some terrible addiction thing , '' it would be inaccurate . it be more like , I get more and more unhappy . the more unhappy I would get , the more I would drink . there be no joy in the drink . I use it for anesthesia . okay ? lipsky okay . what kind of drinker be you ? be you a fall - down drinker ? a waking -up-in-the-curb drinker ? david no , I be not ! okay ? part of my reticence about this whole thing be that it will not make very good copy for you . because , no , I be not like that at all ! lipsky you do agree to this interview . david I know that I do . lipsky alright , I be not gonna push much further . david I be also aware that some addiction be sexier than other . my primary addiction my entire life have be to television . I tell you that . now , television addiction be of far less interest to you reader than something like heroin , that confirm the mythos of the writer - lipsky a myth I do not believe , okay ? david I know you do not believe that . I be also aware that one of the thing swirl around here be you want the best fuck article you can have ! 100 101 74 . why do not you write whatever the fuck you want , but the fact of the matter be , it be not a lose weekend sort of thing . nor be it some lurid , romantic writer - as-alcoholic - sort - of -thing . what it be , be a 28 - year - old person who exhaust a couple other way to live , really take they to they conclusion . which for I be a pink room , with a drain in the center of the floor . which be where they put I for a entire day when they think I be go to kill myself . where you do not have anything on , and somebody 's observe you through a slot in the wall . and when that happen to you , you become tremendously ... unprecedentedly willing to examine some other alternative for how to live . David look at he for a moment . he walk out of the room , leave lipsky behind , he head reeling . lipsky press stop on the tape recorder . int . david' house / bathroom - 1996 - night 100 lipsky , still digest the conversation , look at himself in the mirror while brush he tooth . he spit into the sink . int . david' house / guest room - 1996 - night 10 lipsky be in bed , still awake in the moonlight . the door ajar , David come in . he speak softly , in shadow . he can not be see and can not see lipsky very well ; it 's sort of like confession . david you awake ? lipsky yeah . david I be just think ... it be not a chemical imbalance , and it be not drug and alcohol . it be much more that I have live a incredibly american life . that , '' if I could just achieve X and y and Z , everything would be ok . '' ( a beat . ) 102 103 104 75 . there 's a thing in the book : when people jump out of a burn skyscraper , it 's not that they be not afraid of fall anymore , it 's that the alternative be so awful . and then you be invite to consider what could be so awful , that leaping to you death seem like a escape from it . I do not know if you have have any experience with this kind of thing . but it 's worse than any kind of physical injury . it may be what in the old day be know as a spiritual crisis . feeling as though every axiom of you life turn out to be false , and there be actually nothing , and you be nothing , and it be alla delusion . and that you be better than everyone else because you see that it be a delusion , and yet you be worse because you can not fuck function . and it 's really horrible . ( a beat . ) I do not think we ever change . I be sure there be still that same part of I . I have just get to find a way not to let they drive . y'know ? ( a beat . ) well , anyway ... good night . lipsky good night . David go . lipsky , he eye moist , scramble to get he pad and scribbles note so he will not forget David at he most revealing . int . david' house / guest room - 1996 - morning 102 Morning light fall across lipsky 's face . the dog greet he . he stir , get up . int . david 's house / hallway - 1996 - morning 103 lipsky head for the bathroom just as David emerge from it . lipsky Morning . ext . david' house / field - 1996 - morning 104 David and lipsky be out on a wintry field , walk the dog . 76 . david jeeve , drone , come ! you get instantaneous production from the jeevester ; drone 's a much tougher nut . lipsky beautiful out here . david you should see : in the spring , when the wind blow , you can see ripple , it 's like water . it 's like the ocean , except it 's real green . I mean , it really be . calm , real pretty . ( pause . ) hungry ? lipsky you know I . they turn back toward the house . David call the dog . david you should get go . lipsky yeah . let I take you someplace nice this time . remember , it 's on Jann . 106 ext . mcdonald's / parking lot - bloomington - 1996 - day 106 lipsy and David emerge . David tuck into the takeout bag . david sorry , I can not wait , I be suddenly starve , I gotta eat something . David pick pickle off he bacon double cheeseburger . lipsky you do not like pickle . david oh , come on . now the whole world will know what my mother 's know for year : I be a picky eater ? he take a bite . 107 int . david' house / live room - 1996 - day 107 the dog be in David and lipsky 's face while the man eat . 77 . david jeeve , sit ! you see , jeeve get very obedient when food be around . you sit , drone . it should be clear by now that you be not get any of this . drone sit . David feed both dog morsel of he food . david good dog ! there you go , thatta boy . ( to lipsky ) do not leave food within they reach - they will eat it . lipsky take a note . david you be not gonna make I look like one of that insane old woman who talk to they dog , be you ? lipsky do not worry . david I be worried : my dog 'il be offended . lipsky you dog be not gonna read it . drone playfully nudge lipsky to the floor . david wow - he 's never take to a male like he 's take to you . lipsky really ? david except for I , of course . the phone ring . David hand lipsky he burger . david hold this ? lipsky sure . David go to get the phone . david ( on the phone ) hello ? oh , hey . 78 . he turn away from lipsky and lower he voice but lipsky can still hear he . david yeah , I would like to . I can not right now . I have get this guy here . lipsky be stung : after all the intimacy they share , lipsky be just '' this guy . '' david the Rolling Stone guy . yeah . well , he should be leave pretty soon . can I just meet you there ? okay ? great . see you there . bye . he hang up . lipsky try not to show he hurt . lipsky I should get out of here , let you get on with you life . david just this friend . this dance I like to go to , with this friend . lipsky you dance ? david uh huh . I have just discover in the last few year that I really like it . although I be still not very good . lipsky what kind of dance ? david I tend to do the jerk , the swim , cheesy 70 disco . lipsky really ? david the nice thing about bloomington ? you be completely hip if you do that . lipsky where do you go , a club ? david this Baptist church . 79 . lipsky can not tell if David be serious . lipsky why there ? david because baptist can dance . lipsky wow. Dancing . david I will not vogue . CUT to : 108 int . lipsky' west end ave apt / office - NYC - 2008 - night 108 lipsky , listen to David 's voice , smile ruefully . david 's voice ( on tape ) that 's the one thing I refuse to do : I will not vogue . it 's cool . all this people come , and they have all get they dance shoe on and stuff . and it 's nice . everybody just , more or less , leave each other alone . CUT back to : 109 int . david' house / live room - 1996 - day 109 scene 107 , continue . david hey , before you leave , I would really like it if maybe we should exchange address data . lipsky absolutely . ( a beat . ) well , I should get my stuff together . david and I should start carve a ice sculpture out of my car . it 's like Antarctica . David grab he coat and glove and go outside . soon we hear the sound of David scraping ice off he car , which be hear throughout the follow : 110 111 112a 80 . lipsky go from room to room , as if memorize this time and place , softly describe what he see into he recorder . lipsky ( into the device ) Dog stuff . throw toy , chew toy . crap stain on carpet . shark doll on bookcase . american flag . alanis . coal -burn fireplace . Brick wall . Fake wood - panele . soda can . lot of ‘em . diet rite . look like a frat ; the bookish frat . botticelli calendar : birth of venus . wooden chess set . postcard of updike . cartoon : comparative anatomy : brain - male , female , Dog . int . david' house / bedroom - 1996 - day 110 lipsky ( cont 'd ) barney towel use as curtain . photo of german philosopher . photo collage of he family , the kind kid put in they dorm room . his sister be pretty , look like a female he . clothes everywhere : sneaker , stuff on the floor , clothes drape over stuff . int . david' house / bathroom - 1996 - day 111 lipsky ( cont 'd ) pad toilet seat , look like a rug . postcard : baboon . clinton . St. ignatius quote : '' Lord teach I to be generous . / teach I to serve you as you deserve ; / to give and not to count the cost ... / to toil and not to seek for rest / to labor and not to ask for reward , / save that of know that I do you will . '' int . david 's house / hallway / office - 1996 - day 112a lipsky see the door to David 's office , ajar for the first time . he push he way in and discover a darken room . he look around quietly , barely breathe , see the partially illuminate keyboard and computer . he go to the close drape , push they aside and squint as he take in the brilliant snowy field . 112 113 81 . int . david' house / guest room - 1996 - day 112 the scraping be still hear . lipsky pack clothes , a loafer , and stop when he see he book , the Art Fair . he look at he author 's photo . ext . david be house - 1996 - day 113 his book in hand , lipsky trudge through the snow and find David systematically scraping away at he car . david driving that rental of yours ? the feel of glide ? this shit box dud not even have shock absorber . lipsky what be it ? david ' 85 Nissan sentra . I know it do not look like much , but , man , this thing start . it 's actually a problem . lipsky why ? david I gotta get a new one but I can not junk this . lipsky why not ? david it 's my friend . lipsky ah . pause . lipsky hey , David , I , uh ... lipsky shyly present David with a copy of he book . david wow . just happen to have it on you ? lipsky I debate whether or not I should I do this . 82 . david why not ? lipsky I do not know , you do not think this be like some kid -brother sort of thing to do ? david no . thanks , man , I look forward to read it . lipsky you be welcome . I write my address and e-mail on the flyleaf . david I will read it soon as I be do with the heinlein and I 'il send you a note . lipsky great . thanks . David flip through the book . david I ’1ll be curious to see what it 's like be inside you head for a change . I like you cover . lipsky yeah , I , too . I have they use the cover art for the british edition . david come on . you get approval but I - ? ( stop himself ) it 's nice . it 's very nice . lipsky put he bag in the Grand be and slam the trunk . lipsky hey , be not it reassure that a lot of people be read you and say you be a really strong writer ? david it would be very interesting to talk to you in a few year . lipsky why do you say that ? 115 83. david ' Cause my own experience be that that 's not so . the more people think that you be really good , actually the bigger the fear of be a fraud be . the worst thing about have a lot of attention pay to you , be that you be afraid of bad attention . if bad attention hurt you , then the calibre of the weapon that 's point at you have go way up . like from a .22 toa - 45 . but there 's a part of I that want a lot of attention . and that think I be really good , and want other people to see it . it 's one of the way I think we be sort of alike , you know ? lipsky uh huh . lipsky smile and nod . pause . lipsky ( in farewell ) well ... lipsky 's awkward attempt at a hug - unreciprocate by David - turn into a clumsy handshake . lipsky get into the car . David stand at he window . david I be not so sure you want to be I . lipsky I do not ? david ( a beat . he smile . ) send my best to '' Jann . '' David shut the door . lipsky start the car and pull away while David return to scraping he car . i/e. car / david be house - bloomington - 1996 - day 115 lipsky watch David in the rearview mirror get smaller and smaller until he disappear from view without ever have look back at he visitor . from the barren , grey , mid - western landscape we hear traffic sound and smash CUT to : 116 117 118 119 119a 84 . ext . lipsky be W 77th ST apt - NYC - 1996 - day 116 the urban landscape of Central Park West , near the Museum of Natural History . lipsky walk along the sidewalk . int . lipsky be W 77th ST apt / live room - NYC - 1996 - day 117 lipsky be type at he keyboard . the doorbell buzze . int . lipsky be W 77th ST apt / live room - NYC - 1996 - 118 moment later lipsky behold a parcel . the return address be '' Dave wallace . '' what could it be ? he excitedly slice open the box and peel away newspaper to reveal : a single loafer . and a message write on a post - it : '' your , I presume ? '' accompany by a smiley face . nothing on the reverse . nothing else in the box . that 's all . huh . lipsky smile in bemusement at the lone loafer . lipsky ( v.o. ) when I think of this trip ... CUT to : int . barne & noble bookstore - NYC - 2010 - night 119 lipsky read from he publish book , although of course you end up become yourself , to a nice-size crowd ( include Sarah and Bob , he editor ) . lipsky ( read ) ... I see David and I in the front seat of the car . intercut : i/e. car / outskirt - bloomington - 1996 - day 119a flashes back to the car ride , as describe . we see they talk but can not hear they ; all we hear be the sound of tire on the road . lipsky ( v.o. ) we be both so young . he want something better than he have ; I want precisely what he have already . neither of we know where we life be go to go . it smell like chew tobacco , soda , and smoke . and the conversation be the best one I ever have . 120 123 85 . int . dance hall - bloomington - 1996 - sunset 120 lipsky imagine , in slow-motion , David dance joyously , sweat like crazy , with member of the church the night lipsky leave , the night that begin the rest of he life . lipsky ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) David think book exist to stop you from feel lonely . if I could , I would say to David that live that day with he remind I of what life be like -- instead of be a relief from it ... and I have tell he it make I feel much less alone . the screen suddenly go black . the end coda - int . david' house / live room - 1996 - night 123 '' outtake '' replay of scene 38 ( when lipsky excuse himself to spit out the chew tobacco ) . lipsky you mind if I use you uh ... David point the way to the bathroom . david all yours . lipsky go , leave David with the tape run . this time , instead of follow lipsky , we break form and stay on David : david ( into the recorder ) now it 's just I and the tape recorder sittin’ here . drone 's lookin’ at the floor , I be smokin’ , have say I be not go to smoke , I be smokin’ . just I and you you tape recorder . the screen goe white .