" the omen " a original screenplay by David seltzer producer : harvey bernhard executive producer : mace neufeld director : richard donner revised September 8 , 1975 an22 revised = 9/26/75 '' the 's omen " fade in ext , the night sky i Silent . peaceful . the constellation see clearly , quilt against blue , interwoven with the milky Way . from the infinite depth of the Universe , imperceptibly at first , we begin to hear a SOUND . it be a chant . unison and resounding . distant . -- slowly grow in volume -- a thousand human voice repeat the " qhm " until it fill the atmosphere , and we begin to sense movement in the star . super : in white , biblical scripture : " Tet ' he whe hath understanding reckon the number of the beast} for 4t be e human number ; its number be six hundre and sixty - six " super fade : and the chant begin to rise in volume , the constellation begin to shudder , as a new STAR slowly form in they midst , super : in white , biblical scripture : -- chapter twelve verse twenty - EIGHT -- super fade : as the chant increase in volume , and the star take sudden shape ; fire at its center , a halo of black surround by white . super : open title : revelation as music thunder to a crescendo : the STAR burning with great intensity ... - . - CUT to : ext. / int . rome - night a-l " a limousine drive through city . ( 8 shot montage ) . ' we 2 cur to : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz revised ~ " the omen " - 9/26/75 1-a . int . underground ' ruins - night a- 2 the empty set reverberate to the grow saund of ohm . int . bugenhagen workroom - night 3 a elderly man weep , clutching two cross to he chest as he silently cry . cur to : ext , the sky 4 as the chant still rise in intensity ; the celestial ember glow brighter into a white heat ; light - spike reach out in all direction . . . CUT to : int . hospital - rome - night 5 close angle on the pain - rack face of a woman in labor : gasp , perspiration drip into she eye , she mouth stretch open into a cry of pain . cur to : big closeup - birth of baby ( stock shot ) a- 5 a-22 scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz revised - " 01h oten " ~ 10/20/75 2 eat . hospital - rome - night 6 a cistinctive statue be outside the entrance . a limousine pull up fast ; a man bound from it toward the hospital . CUT to ; int , hospital - rome - close on ROBERT thorn ~ 7 night move fast through the empty , echoing , green-tile atmosphere . he be american , forty - two year old , impeccably dress and gray at the temple == look every inch what he should : a man destine for political greatness . thorn' p.o.v. 8 a double door with wire - mesh porthole bear down on US swinging OPEN . CUT to : int . reception area - same 9 as thorn enter ; he echoing footstep suddenly halting as he be confront by a priest . thorn ( hushed ) iwas abroad . I come as soon as I could . angle on the priest , father spiletto 10 a enormous man , hood in the way of benedictine monk -- he eye fill with despair , thorn ( apprehensive ) be ... the child bear ? spiletto yes. thorn ( hesitant ) oo my wife ? spiletto she be rest . angle on thorn il study the Priest 's face . cont . a~22 scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz revised ~ " the omen " - 10/20/75 3 11 cont. thorn ( fearful ) «-- something 's wrong ... spiletto the child be dead . angle on thorn 12 take it like a body blow ; stunne for a moment , then sagging against the wall . spiletto it breathe but a moment ... then breathe no more . in the far distance we again begin to hear the " ohm " ; resonant , as though vibrate through the long hospital corridor . the chant continue as we : cur to : int . hospital - later 13 a anteroom : green-tile and empty , save for a hard - back chair : thorn seat , grief-strick ; he head in he hand . spiletto stand near -- feel thorn 's grief . thorn ( almost to himself ) «+- it 'il kill she ...my God ... she want it so much , spiletto you could adopt ... thorn she want she own . she need she own . close on thorn a - 13 as he lift he eye ; gaze helplessly at the Priest . thorn ( anguish ) there be two ... twice ... she miscarry . she want more than anything ... to bear she own child . a-22 scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz revised - " the omen " — 10/20/75 3-4 angle on the priest 14 feel he pain . thorn ( to spiletto -. hesitate ) emotionally she ... I be afraid of what this will do to she . spiletto you love she very much . thorn ( choke on it ) oo yes . : spiletto then you must accept God 's plan . angle on thorn a - 14 he eye search . thorn ( not hearing -- almost to himself ) what can I tell she ? what can I say ? angle on the priest 15 unanswer -- as the door open , a nun enter , whisper quietly to he . angle on thorn 16 watch they as they conversation cease : both turn | toward he ; look into he eye . the SOUND of the " ohm ' jump sharply in volume , and we : cur to ; int . hospital corridor ~- later 17 thorn and the Priest stand by a glass partition , gaze down at a infant . the SOUND of the " oo become still more intense in we ear . angle on the infant 18 beautiful in every way ; thick black hair and eyebrow accentuate the deep blue of its eye . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz revised - " the omen " ~ 10/20/75 4 angle on thorn 19 somewhat stunne ; study the child in every detail . spiletto '' tf I may suggest ... it even resemble ... close angle on thorn awl9 as he observe the child -~ search he -- but bay nothing . spiletto the signora need never know . close angle on thorn 20 study the child . spiletto I be in full authority here ... there will be no record ... no one could know ... he 's quite beautiful and ... i know the family weil «- healthy in every way . angle on the infant a - 20 seem to turn its eye to thorn . thorn .-. be there relative ? angle on the priest 21 watch he carefully . spiletto none . the mother die , signor ... as you own child ... in the same hour ... angle on the infant 22 its arm stretch spasmodically toward thorn. we 23 angle on the priest a - 23 watch , as thorn turn to he , he eye fill with distress . cont . aw22 scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz revised - '' the omen " — 10/20/75 aoa a - 23 cont . thorn ( with difficulty «-ecould I ... see my chiid ...? spiletto ( with compassion ) ++- what 's to be gain , signor ? give you love to the live . angle on thorn B - 23 absorb it ... turn he eye again to the child . spiletto for the sake of you wife , signor ... God will forgive this deception ... close on thorn b-23 - a eye rivete to the child . spiletto «..and for the sake to this child ... who will otherwise have ... no home -- no love . thorn turn to the Priest . they eye meet -- but there be not commitment from thorn -- a man search he soul . angle on the priest c~23 spiletto on this night , Mr. thorn , God have give you a son , ext . the heavens 25 as celestial lightning cut the sky . we 26 CUT to : int , maternity wing - katherine's room 's - night a - 26 close on thorn enter ; he face grip with emotion -- angle widen to reveal , in he arm , the child . an-22 scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz revised - " the omen " — 10/20/75 5 _ angle on katherine be26 @ beautiful woman of thirty - five ; she eye groggily open -- smile exhaustedly , as she gaze at the child . thorn ( after a long pause ) we son , Katherine . katherine ( a slow smile ) »-. he look like you ... and she eye close ... we a7 underground ruins - night a= - 27 '' ohms " reach maximum volume . we 28 title sequence - open title a~28 play over a sequence of still photograph of the child ( damien ) , katherine and thorn in rome -- cover a period through damien 's first birthday ( to be shot int . and ext , london ) . int . thorn apartment - bedroom - rome - night b- 28 Katherine play with damien ( one year old ) on the bed -- while thorn dress , rehearse a speech in the mirror . thorn «+sand as 4 delegate to the World economy Conference , can speak with some degree of authority . ( reconsider ) some degree of conviction . katherine I like authority . thorn I like conviction . katherine ( crossing to he ) how ' bout the red tie ? cont . an-22 scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 6 revised - '' the omen " - 10/20/75 b-28 cont. thorn I like the gray . katrerine ( a beat ) now , that 's authority . thorn that 's conviction . she kiss he ; he chuckle , return to he speech , thorn ( the the mirror ) '' +- what we have to realize be that the common market be a reason to it 's the new symbol of cooperate . World peace . angle on kathy c- 28 gaze proudly at he , we D - 28 a~22 scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz revised ~ " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 7 angle on damien E - 28 chew on he tie. we F - 28 CUT to : continuing series of still ~- thorn , kathy and G - 28 damien - rome through the child 's second year . ( int . and ext . to be do in london ) . ext . thorn residence - rome - day h - 28 as thorn 's chauffeure limousine arrive . thorn exite , to home . : 29 - oud a- 29 int . thorn apartment - rome - day B - 29 as the door be suddenly open by manservant , revealing thorn : suppress a smile ; try to contain a secret . angle on kathy c=29 hold e-year - old damien ; puzzle . kathy what be you do home ? thorn just come to start pack . kathy ( stop ) o> what ? thorn can not waste any time , I be expect in the morning . katry what be you talk about ? what 's go on ? thorn itm talk about London . I be talk about the ambassador to the Court of St. James . kathy ( totally mystify ) well , what about he ? a - 22 cont . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz a- 22 revised ~ '' the omen " - 9/26/75 7-a : : . C - 29 cont . thorn you be marry to he , kathy ( dumbfounded ) I be what ? thorn ( burst ) he 's I ! the ambassador be I ! I have be appoint ambassador to great Britain ! angle on kathy ' D - 29 utterly stunne , thei hoot with joy : both beginning to laugh , not know what else to do . damien start to ery . cur to : ext . london - angle on a huge victorian mansion - E - 29 - day Stone , gloomy ~-- camera pan toward a limousine pull up ; stop in front . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 8 angle on the thorns within F - 29 ' both stick they head out the window to gaze up at it , after a moment , they eye turn to each other 's ; Kathy shaking she head , he agree . angle on the limousine G - 29 drive off . we 30 - b-30 ext , another mansion ~ pyrford court - day c-30 limousine arrive , int , same mansion ~ day D - 30 totally empty of furnishings ; as a door be heard open -- camera panning to the source . Kathy enter , thorn behind she -- she turn to he , she eye bright and hopeful . kathy ( uncertain ) s«ee I tell they yes . I love it the minute I see it . angle on thorn e-30 lean against a wall -- gaze into the palatial , sun - bright live room , thorn +e - it 's a bit much , be not it ? angle on kathy F - 30 indignant . kathy for the next President of the United States ? I should say not , angle on thorn g+30 grin at she , hold out he hand . ignoring it , she move into he arm , look deep into he eye . angle on thorn h~30 share she delight . with he foot , he close the door ; she reach over he shoulder to lock it . kathy «+- something in mind , Mr. ambassador ? thorn maybe we should see the upstairg ...? kathy there 's no furniture up there either . cont . a-22 scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz revised '- '' the omen " ~ 9/26/75 9 ' so .h- 30 cont , he laugh , low ; she too -- and they embrace -- camera panning to a window -- focus on damien , play beside the car , with @ young nanny . . we = 31 - ~~ 6-31 CUT to : photo d- 31 of the thorn family ( and the young nanny ) at play ; picnick , frolick -- enjoy a life as good as it could possibly be . damien be now three year old . we be now in London . we 32 - —~ 632 CUT to : ext . thame river - day d-32 thorn and Katherine loung in the grass beside a picnic basket -- thorn 's convertible , top down , in evidence -- the mood quiet , peaceful . katherine ( quiet ) - eel will miss you ... thorn +ee wo not be for long ... do not have that much to talk about ... katherine since when do not two old college roommate have much to talk about ? thorn since one become the President , and the other become he ambassador . katherine «+ seriously ? thorn well you can not exactly sit around discuss old girl friend . an-22 scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz revised ~ " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 9-a angle on katherine , d-32-a throw he a look of doubt . thorn __ {a slow smile ) not publicly , anyway . she laugh ; he lie back . katherine ( come close ) hes he forget he owe you ten buck for two ticket to the varsity game ? thorn ( amused ) how do you think I get this appointment ? . katherine tell he you want the cash . angle on thorn e- 32 chuckle -- fall to silence as he muse . thorn Long time ago ... he turn : he eye idly scan the landscape . thorn where 's damien ? angle on katherine F - 32 gaze around : jolted . katherine he be right there . thorn right where ? cont . a=22 scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 10 F -32 cont. kathy right here . just a second ago . angle on both G - 32 jump to they foot ; gaze around . angle from there p.0.v. h- 32 the river . thorn damien ?! kathy damien ! angle on both I - 32 alarmed ; thorn turn , beginning to run toward the riverbank . kathy damien ?! angle on thorn j- 32 reach the river . thorn ( anguish ) damien ! and from beside he come a noise ; he quickly turn and lose he balance ; arm wave in the air as he slip back - ward -=- damien , now three year , toddle out from behind a bush to watch he as he fall backwards , waist - deep into the marsh , angle on damien and thorn k - 32 stare at each other : damien beginning to laugh . angle on kathy L - 32 gaze at the scene from afar ; she too beginning to laugh . angle on thorn m-32 suddenly howling with laughter -- all three of they &ripped by the utter absurdity of the moment . out 33 - l-33 more still - kathy , ROBERT , damien ( 3 year ) - m-33 london proper gur 34 1-34 a-22 scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz revised ~ " the omen " - 9/26/75 10-a omen = 9726/75 , ext . garage area - angle on damien ( 3 year old ) m-34 stand beneath a basket , try to bounce a basketball that 's too big for he the hold -- camera panning to the garege where a chauffeur ( horton ) 48 wash the family limousine ; another man ( thorn ) obscure as he work beneath the hood of a classic roll royce . katherine ( o.8 . ) ... Horton ? out 35 - l-35 angle on katherine m - 35 exite the house ; dress to the tooth . horton «.. maltam ? katherine have you see ... her voice trail off as she stare , dumbfounded -- camera following her gaze as thorn emerge , cover with grease , from the innard of the roll . katherine be not we go ? thorn go where ? katherine ( nonpluss ) Buckingham Palace . the reception . thorn ( stung good Lord . Horton ? get my waistcoat . katherine you be cover with grease ! thorn it 's of 11 . * katherine ( run ) Horton ? get a towel . and suddenly everyone be move fast -- run , in ali direction : we — - 36 - ~~ l=36 scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 1 angle on thorn m-36 pause to scoop up damien , hold he up to the basket 50 he can execute a drop-shot . katherine ( call back ) Robert ! for God 's sake ! a nl ext , thorn 's house - day ( 2 year later ) F - 43 a sumptuous child 's birthday party in progress : a veritable carnival complete with pony ride and a baby elephant , table of food , a fortune teller 's booth ~- and virtually hundred of child squealing , run about the lawn . > we 4a. ~~ bahk various angle fil on the activity as title continue to they conclusion . angle on a group of reporter 49 surround a huge birthday cake with five candle on it : the child 's nanny hold he close and encourage he to blow . nanny ( she votce mixing with Reporters ) come on , damien , big breath ... that 's my boy ... angle on ROBERT and kathy thorn 50 watch with delight : as the child finally blow , manage to put the candle out . angle on people . 51 - 55 epplaud -- camera panning to a group of photographer snap away -- one among they watch the proceedings with some detachment , he be jenning . overweight and somewhat unkempt ; catch eye of one of he fellow photographer . photographer ( to jenning ) run out of film ? a-22 cont . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 12 51l- cont. 55 jenning just save a bit for he canonization . photographer ( reloading ) how 's that ? jenning I do not know if we have get just the heir to the thorn million here , or Jesus Christ himself . photographer ( work fast ) youtre a fool to miss out , jenning ... not often we will get into a place like this . jenning ( take a hot dog ) what 's it worth ? all you be get be the same as everyone else . photographer ( amused ) you want a exclusive , do you ? jenning you have get to get be off guard . that 's the only way to make a picture worth anything . follow they around . snap they face when they be not smile . this be just a Public display . photographer ( finish he load ) you can lurk about dark alley if you like . I prefer it this way . ( shouting out ) — _ hey , nanny ! nanny ! let 's have a smile . he depart ; jenning gaze after hin . photographer ( 0.5 . ) over here , nanny ! give we a look ! angle on nanny and damien a - 56 she loving be in the limelight . angle on katherine a-56 - a watch she . a - 22 cont . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 13 a-56-a cont . photographer 2 ( o.8 . ) put he on the carousel ! a howl of approval go up : the nenny and damien be borne across the lawn toward the carousel . out 57 angle on katherine a - 57 intercept they . na ( brightly ) I will take he , mus. kathy I will take he . they eye meet for a instant -- Kathy smile , but firm . nanny certainly , mum. we 58 angle on damien a - 58 be hand over : Kathy move with he , toward the carousel . we 59 angle on the nanny a - 59 a smile on she face , watch they go . after a moment , she turn toward the house -- but 1s stop : she eye catch by something at the far end of the spacious lawn , angle from her p.o.v . a- 59 - a revealing , just barely visible beside a tree -- seat motionless as statuary -- a black , german shepherd dog . close on the nanny a- 59 - B surprised ; somehow , arrest . close on the dog a-59 - C tooth stark against midnight fur ; its closely set eye fix 's firmly ahead . angle on the nanny a-59 - D transfix -- as again , we begin to hear the sound of the ohm . we 60 an22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 wy various angle - kathy , damien , carousel and / or a-60 miniature railroad have fun and be photograph . nanny :( 0.8 . ) damien ! damien ! come look at I ! we = 61 - — 70 angle outside , on the roof of the house 71 revealing the nanny stand on the edge , hold a rope in she hand ; cheerfully stretch it upward to show it be wound around she neck . nanny damien ! come and see what I will do for you ! angle on kathy 72 with the child in she arm ; gaze up with a uncertain emile , not know what to make of it . nanny ( o.8. , shouting ) look here , damien , it 's all for you ! angle on the nanny 73 jump easily from the roof , she body plummete downward , snap back up by the rope , then hang limp . Silent . Dead . angle on the crowd th stunne -- camera zooming in on Kathy as she face contort into a full - throat scream , out a - t4 - a cur to : ext , thorn country home - gate - day a - 80 a police car , with driver , be park by the gate . a taxi with a woman passenger , stop at gate . Police Officer check eceupant -- taxi drive through -- hold on Police Officer . we 82 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 15 int , the thorn home ~ library 82 cheerless ; Kathy seat in semidarkness gaze into space -- a television news broadcast discuss politics , heard softly in the b.g. angle on ROBERT 83 wear half - glass as he do some work -- interrupt by the SOUND of the doorbell . thorn ( put aside he glass ) Kathy ? kathy yes. thorn be we expect someone ... kathy no. angle on kathy a 4 as thorn pause to gaze at she . thorn maybe it 's time we be . angle on kathy 85 torture . thorn you be let this get the best of you . kathy it be my fault , Robert . thorn ( incredulous ) you fault ? kathy there be & moment at the party . cont . aw22 revised - " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 15-4 85 cont . she turn to he : meeting he incredulous gaze . kathy ( with difficulty ) she be get a lot of attention ... and I be jealous of it . I take damien from she because I could not stand share center stage . angle on thorn 86 take aback . thorn I think you be be a little hard on yourself . the girl be derange . cont . a - 22 16 86 cont. kathy and so be I , ir be in the limelight mean so much to I . angle on thorn 87 dismay ; the conversation interrupt by the appearance of the housekeeper ( Mrs. Horton ) in uniform . housekeeper Excuse I , thorn yes , Mrs. Horton ? - housekeeper Mrs , baylock - be here . angle on thorn and katey 88 exchange a glance . housekeeper she say she 's the new governess . thorn well . that 's a start . ask she to come in . CUT to : int . library - same 89 as mrs . baylock enter , a impose irish woman , loud and exuberant , babbling a mile a minute , mrs . baylock I know it 's a difficult time for you , so I will not impose on you grief . but between you and I , anyone who hire such a skinny young thing for a nanny be just ask for trouble . angle on kathy '' 90 not know what to make of she -- Robert rather pleased , mrs . baylock you know how to tell a good nanny ? the size of she breast . this little girl with pigeon tit , they come and go in a week , a + 22 17 angle on kathy 91 amused in spite of herselr , mrs . baylock but I ... the big saggy one like I . ' hese be the nanny that stay , ( to Kathy ) go look in hyde Park , you will see it 's true . she pause for a breath : hefting she suitcase . mrs . baylock well , now . where 's the boy ? kathy ( point upstairs ) this way . housekeeper I will show you . mrs . baylock why do not you leave we alone at first ? just get acquainted in we own way . kathy he 's shy with new people . mrs . baylock ( exuberant ) not I he will not be , I can assure you of that . kathy I do not think ... thorn I think it 's fine . go on and give it a try . Mrs. baylock and Mrs. Horton exit. cur to : int . kitchen a-+91 Mrs. baylock and Mrs. Horton move towards stair . Mrs. baylock remove coat and hang it up . housekeeper up the stair , turn right --- door face you at the end of the hallway . Mrs. baylock start up stair . we 92 cur to ; 18 int . library a~92 thorn turn to Kathy ; pleased , kathy I like she , thorn yes . kathy where do you find she ? thorn ( take aback ) where do I find she ? kathy +. yes . thorn I do not find she , I assume you find she , they exit , int , entry hall - angle on kathy 93 kathy ( shouting up the stair ) Mrs. baylock ! CUT to ; int . upstair - same - angle on mrs . baylock 94 about to open the door to the child 's room . mrs . baylock ( turn ) yes ? angle on kathy 95 ascend the stair , thorn behind she ; pause as they _ teach the landing , kathy I be sorry , wetre a little confuse , cont . angle on amaze , 1g 95 cont . mrs , baylock ( stiffening ) why be that ? kathy we do not know how you get here . mrs . baylock by taxi . I send it away . kathy what I mean be , who ' call 's you ? mrs . baylock the agency . . kathy + the agency ? mrs , baylock they see in the papers you would lose you first nanny , so they send you another . kathy 96 thorn «every enterprise . kathy I will call to confirm that . mrs . baylock that will be fine . here be my reference . there pass a uneasy silence : all stare dumbly at each other . mrs . baylock if you will excuse I now . kathy ( uneasy ) yes , of course , Mrs. baylock reach for the door ... cur to : a- 22 revised ~ " the omen " - 9/26/75 20 int . the child be room - same 97 as the boy sit on he bed gaze out the window ... slowly turn as he hear the door open . angle on the nanny . . : 98 entering ; close the door behind she , and lock it -- turn to gaze at the child . as she do , she expression transform -- she body stiffening , as though she be gaze upon something of incomparable beauty . angle on the child 99 vaguely frighten . close angle on mrs . baylock 100 move . mrs . baylock ( fight to control she voice ooe fear not , little one . I be here to protect thee . camera hold on she face : cuT to : ext . thorn house - night 101 the atmosphere alive with the SOUND of frog and cricket ~- camera slowly panning toward a distant hill -- where we can make out the silhouette of a large , black dog : immobile in the moonlight ; its attention fix firmly on the house . out 102 - 103 cur 10 : ext , the thorn house - bright SUN - day 104 as @ limousine pull in , stop in front of the house . cor to : a- 22 al int . house - same ~- entry hall 105 '' up angle on the stairwell as Robert come jauntily downward ; happy , whistling , dress in formal cutaway , v ( call ) . Kathy ? the car 's here . kathy ( o.8 . ) come ...1 angle inside the child room 2106 as Kathy enter : surprised to hear the bath water run . kathy ( move toward the bathroom ) Mrs. baylock ? angle inside the bathroom 107 revealing the child in the tub , Mrs. baylock wash he -- as Kathy enter , upset . kathy Mrs. baylock , I ask you to have he dress and ready ... . mrs. baylock if you do not mind , mar 'am , I think he would rather go to the park instead . kathy ( nonpluss ) the park ? I tell you we be take he to ... mrs , baylock he 's too young for church , mar 'am , he will cause a fuss . kathy Mrs. baylock , you do not seem to understand . it be my wish , and my husband 's wish that he accompany we to church , thorn ( 0.8 , Kathy ? kathy ( call back ) in a minutel a - 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 22 angle on kathy ~ . 108 gaze harshly at Mrs. baylock ; the child sense trouble end move close to the nanny , kathy please get he dress at once . mrs . baylock Excuse I for speakin ' my mind , but do you really expect a five - year - old to understand the gibberish of a Episcopal wedding ? angle on kathy 109 shocked . ( firm ) Mrs. baylock , have my son dress and in the car in five minute 's time . angle on mrs . baylock 110 flinching . mrs. baylock yes , mar 'am . kathy thank you . CUT to : int , limousine 111 chauffeur-driven . Robert and Kathy in the back ; the child , dress in he best Sunday attire , between they . angle on all 112 silent . Robert gaze idly out the window ; Kathy still angry as she stare straight ahead ; the child somewhat sullen , study he shoe . CUT to : ext . church 113 as the last car arrive ; waistcoate usher open door at the street , people outside , milling and talk . CUT to : 23 '' int . the thorns 's limousine 114 as they near the church , pull in behind the line of deboard limousine . angle on the child 115 as he catch sight of he destination -- he eye slowly widen as vague fear overtake hin . angle on kathy 116 notice the boy 's apprehension . kathy what 's wrong , darling ? the child turn to she ; he eye rivete fearfully into hers . kathy it 's a church . that 's all . angle on the child 117 gaze into he mother 's eye -- grow more fearful with each pass moment . kathy ( with concern ) Robert ...? angle on thorn 118 turn , notice the expression on the child 's face . thorn what 's wrong ? kathy I do not know , he 's frighten to death . thorn what be it , damien ? angle on the child 119 his lip go dry as he eye turn again toward the church loom closer as car deposit they passenger . angle from he p.0.v . 120 upward as the church come closer ; its massive spire seem to spear the cloud ... as , once more , we hear the SOUND of the " ohmmmmmmmmmm ' " " fill the air , ay angle on the child 121 beginning to pant , he face go white as he gaze , petrify , from he mother to he father . kathy ( reach for he ) my God ... thorn be he 111 ? kathy ( fearful ) he 's ice ! he 's cold as ice ! another angle 122 as the door be suddenly open ; a usher reach inward -- the child panic , grab for he mother 's face and hair . kathy +». Robert ! thorn ( try to pull the child away ) damien ! damien ! but the child begin cry ; claw he mother 's face and pull she hair in he desperation to hold on . kathy ( become hysterical ) help ! go thorn ( pull futilely on the child ) damien ! damien ! damien ! let go ! close angle on the child 123 as he mouth fly open , emit a unearthly scream ; he finger digging deep into he mother 's flesh and eye socket , a handful of hair rip away fram she head -- as in self - defense , she begin beat at he ; scream in horror -- a crowd gather around the car and look in . angle on thorn 124 manage to wrest the child from Kathy , grab he in a bear hug and pin he arm to he as he shout to the chauffeur . thorn movei get out of here ! a - 22 he close divider . 25 . angle on the limousine 125 as it swing fast away from the curb . int , the limousine 126 as the child , now with the church disappear in the distance , slowly stop struggle , he head fall limply back in utter exhaustion . angle on kathy 127 in a state of shock : she hair pull and tear , she face rake with bloody fingernail mark ; one eye swollen and nearly shut -- the other stare wide and fearfully ahead . cuut to : int . dressing room 128 Kathy and Robert sit in silence -- classical music play softly on a phonograph ; Robert 's face etched with concern as he watch Kathy methodically bathe she eye with a rag . thorn «.. sure you do not want to call a doctor ? kathy ( tensely ) it 's just a few scratch . thorn ( a beat ) I mean for the boy . kathy and what will we tell he ? thorn nothing ...just ... have he examine hin , kathy there 's nothing wrong with he . he 's never be sick a day in he life . angle on thorn 129 think about it , thorn ( with interest ) he never have , have he ? cont . a-22 a - 22 revised - " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 26 129 cont. kathy no . thorn . that 's strange , be not it ? kathy be it ? thorn I think so , I mean ... no measle or mump ... or chicken pox ... not even a cough or cold , ka 's ( defensive } s80 ? . thorn I gust ... think it 's unusual , kathy he come from healthy stock . angle on thorn 130 unable to respond , kathy that 's why I know there 's nothing to worry about , physically or otherwise . close on thorn 131 continue to gaze at she : he face fill with distress . - kathy he have a fright , that 's all . just ... a bad moment . there follow a long silence they face etched with concern ; a knock come at the door . - thorn yes ? -- angle on the door open a - 131 @ Young maid ( gretchen ) gaze in . gretchren just on I way home , mum . want to know if there be anything you want . cont . a~- 22 revised -. " the omen " - 9/26/75 27 a-131 cont . kathy no , gretchen . thank you . with a nod : she exit , close the door : the room once again fall to silence . ( rise ) well . ' the best thing to do with a bad day be to end it , I be go to bed . thorn nod : she pause for a moment to see if he 's come , then exite alone ~- leave he absorb in think . t another angle - thorn 132 as Kathy 's footstep disappear , leave nothing but ~ silence -- and he eye move slowly upward , toward a window in the opposite wing . - slowly , he rise ; eye still rivete to the window . CUT to : int , thorn house - same 133 thorn see in silhouette . another angle * 134 feeling for a light switch , flick 1t ; 1t do not work . close angle - thorn 135 as he touch the wall ... move toward he son 's room -- he hand slide along the wall ... he movement slowly stop as he begin to hear a low , guttural , growling SOUND , in the darkness ahead , angle on thorn 136 as he eye lower toward the ground ; widen with fear . angle from he p.0.v. of the black german shepherd 137 dog curl up at the foot of he son 's door -- its fang bare , body poise to spring . a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 28 angle on thorn ; 138 render immobile ; breathe shallow as he 's gaze down , wide - eye at the dog . . : thorn +. whoa.. , whoa ... the door suddenly open , Mrs. baylock appear . : mrs . baylock ( to ' the dog quiet down . this be the master of the house . angle on the dog 139 quieting , lowering he head , thorn ( breathless ) what be this ? mrs . baylock Sir ? thorn this dog . mrs . baylock shepherd , I think . be not he beautiful . we find he outside . thorn | who give you permission ... mrs . baylock I think we could use a good watchdog , and damien absolutely love he . angle on thorn 140 gaze fearfully down at the animal . mrs . baylock gave you a fright , do he ? ' thorn yes . mrs . baylock see how good he be ? as a watchdog , I mean ? believe I , you will be grateful on that long trip away . revised - '' the omen " - 9/26/75 29 angle on thorn 41 angere . thorn we do not need a dog , Mrs. baylock . when we do , I will pick one out myself . angle on mrs . baylock 142 take aback . mrs . baylock damient take quite a fancy to it , sir . thorn tomorrow morning , you will call the spca and tell they to find hin another home . - . ( a pause ) do you understand ? they stand for a moment , eye to eye -- thorn clumsily turn , make he way back down the darken hail . angle on mrs . baylock and the dog a - 142 staunchly position 's in front of the child 's room ; they posture intense and fill with hate . Mrs. baylock go back into damien 's room . CUT to : int . damien be room - night B - 142 Mrs. baylock cross to sleep damien and look down at hin , cur go : ext . american embassy - day 143 as a limousine pull up and thorn exit : he face grimly set as he make he way toward the front door . angle on a reporter and photographer ( jenning ) 14h wear et least two camera , spot he and hurry to he side . reporter ( move fast ) have you read the papers today , Mr. thorn ? t cont . revised = '' the omen " ~ 9/26/75 30 angle on ignore a-22 ; 144 cont . thorn ( continue to walk ) no , I have not , '' reporter there 's a article about the suicide . you nanny , the one that jump ... thorn a - 144 they . reporter it say she leave a suicide note . thorn ( walk fast ) that 's not true . jenning ( camera poise ) could you look this way , please ? thorn ( shaking he head ) would you mind ? reporter ( pursue he ) be it true she be involved with drug ? thorn ( to the photographer ) would you get out - of my way ? jenning ( snap away ) just do my job , sir ... reporter do she use drug , Mr. thorn ? thorn ( bristle ) of course not , reporter the article say ... . thorn ( flaring ) I do not care what the article say ... cont. revised - " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 31 a - 144 cont . jenning ( step in front of he could you hold it like that ? and the camera come t00 close : thorn collide with it as he push through , the camera smashing to the ground . angle on all 15 . 146 suddenly stop -- gaze down at the damage . thorn * ( upset ) eeel be sorry ... send I a bill for the damage . angle '' on both 147 as jenning gaze up at hin . jenning ( sardonic ) that 's all right , Mr. ambassador . let 's just say ...' you owe I .! after a moment , thorn turn on he heel ; a bobby run up , too late , of course , and surveying the aftermath . cur to : int , thorn' office 148 thorn on the phone ; troubled ; one aide work beside he , another enter . thorn ( to the phone ) I think I have do everything I can , they just ... ( listen ) +eewell , they have get of 11 , and when you have get oll , you have get power . ; ' ( pause ) I know . well , I '11 do that when I have to . right . I will . he hang up ; gaze moodily into space . aide no.1 oee President ? cont . a+22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 32 148 cont . thorn ( troubled ) — want I to go to Saudi Arabia . aide no.1 do not want to ? . _ _ thorn it 's '' not a good time , a intercom buzy . thorn ( push a button ) yes . secretary's voice through the ntercom ) there 's a Father tassone here to see you . * thorn who ? secretary's voice a priest name Father tassone from Rome . he say it 's a matter of urgent personal business . thorn I never hear of hin . secretary's voice he say he just need a minute ... something about a hospital ? aide no,1 probably want a donation . thorn ( fatigue all right , send he in . aide no.2 ( puzzle ) : I do not know you be such a soft touch . a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 32-a _angle on thorn 149 brood . aide no.1 ( rise ) on that Saudi Arabia trip , why be not it a good time ? thorn just be not . aide no.1 politically it could not be better . thorn it 's personal , Tom . I do not feel like leave home , angle on the aide 150 exchange a glance ... as thorn 's door open and the figure of a priest appear . he be not the stately or compose figure one would expect : but a small and nervous man ; dishevel in appearance , eye sink and etched with desperation ; hat clutch in he hand . angle on thorn i151 gaze at the Priest uneasily : the two aide excuse themselves , make they exit . alone now with the Priest ; thorn rise , the Priest close the door behind he , then turn : he eye riveting into thorn 's face across the room . thorn ( apprehensive ) +o eye . cont . a- 22 priest we have not much time . thorn ++ what ? priest you must listen to what I Bay . thorn ( guard ) and what be that2 priest ( desperate ) you must accept Christ as you savior . angle on thorn stare at the man ; dumbfounded . priest you must accept he now . thorn Excuse I . do I understand you to have a matter of urgent personal business ? priest ( plead ) you must take Communion . drink the blood of Christ and eat he flesh , for only if he be within you can you defeat the son of the devil . another angle the atmosphere silent and tense ; thorn not know what to say . thorn I see , priest ( volce rise ) he 's kill once , he will kill again . he will kill until everything that 's yours , be he . cont . 33 151 cont . 152 153 thorn if you will just wait outside ... priest ( approach ) only through Christ can you fight he . accept the Lord Jesus . drink of he blood . angle on thorn ineonspicuously push a button . priest I have lock the door , Mr. thorn . angle on thorn frighten . secretary's voice ( through intercom ) yes ? thorn ( evenly ) send for a security guard , please . secretary's voice 0.8 . ) what 's that ? priest ( near tear ) I beg you , Mr. thorn , listen to what I say . angle on the priest he eye plead . secretary's voice ( o.8 . ) Mr. thorn ? priest i be at the hospital , Mr. thorn , the night you son be bear . angle on thorn shocked ; immobile . priest {voice shaking ) a - 22 I be ... a midwife ... i... witness ... the birth , cont scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 34 153 cont . 154 155 156 157 ( ) secretary's voice o.5. oee Sir ? thorn ( shake ; into the intercom ) nothing . just ... stand by . 35 157 cont . he click off the intercom : he eye search the Priest . priest ( choke back tear ) I beg you ... thorn what do you want ? priest to save you , Mr. thorn . so Christ will forgive I , thorn what do you know about my son ? priest everything . thorn and what be that ? priest ( choke back tear ) I see its mother . thorn you see my wife ? priest I see its mother . thorn you be refer to my wife ? priest its mother , Mr. thorn ! thorn if this be blackmail , just come out and say it ! what 1s it you be try to say ?! priest his mother ... be a jackal ! a-22 revised - '' the omen " - 9/26/75 36 angle on thorn 158 shocked . priest ( shouting } he be bear of a jackall I see it myself ! with a sudden crash , the door fly open ; a dress marine enter the room ~- gaze from the Priest to thorn . marine everything all right in here , Mr. thorn ? secretary ( enter ) you sound strange -- the door be lock ... angle on thorn 159 try to collect himself . thorn ( breathless ) I want this gentleman ... escort out of here ... angle on the priest 160 lock sadly at thorn as he nod and head for the door . there , he turn again , look at thorn . priest ( a whisper ) accept Christ , sir . each day ... drink he blood . angle on thorn 162 paralyze . curt to : ext . embassy - day 162 as the Marine exit with tassone in hand -- camera panning to a taxi where jenning , the photographer , lean ageinst the hood , teking notice of the " escort " exit . angle on the marine 163 turn the little priest over to a bobby . a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 37 angle on jenning 164 lift he camera and snap a picture -- then watch --+ snap another as the Priest shuffles away . another angle - jenning a- 164 as he wander toward the Bobby , catch he eye . jenning hey , mate . what 's the fuss ? bobby ( wave he off ) go on , you have get in enough trouble with that thing today . in defiance jenning snap a picture of the Bobby . int . darkroom 165 jenning illuminate by a red glow as , in infrared darkness he develop a print study it with interest as it slowly become readable in the liquid . several other picture from the same roll of film be in evidence . angle on the photo 166 slowly develop a enlargement of the Priest be turn over to the Bobby in front of the american embassy . angle on jenning 167 lift the picture ; hold it up to the light . close angle on the picture 168 as a final element develop before we eye . it be a blur of movement streaking downward toward the Priest 's head ; as though a javelin have be let loose from heaven to skewer he into the ground . angle on jenning 169 touch the photograph in wonder ; carefully lay it beside two other . angle on three photograph : a- 169 two of the Priest , one of the Bobby -- both shot of the Priest show the strange , javelin-like shape suspend over he head . angle on jenning b-169 puzzle . curt to ; a - 22 revised - " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 38 ext . safari park - day c- 169 , camera panning past a& small herd of gazelle feed by the road as a long procession of car move slowly past -- holding on the entrance where we see Katherine 's car approach the toll Booth . we 170 int , katherine's car a - 170 Katherine at the wheel ; pay she admission , be instruct to roll up the window -- camera panning to damien , beside she . ext . the car b- 170 as , sandwich between other , it begin to slowly move forward . we 171 CUT to : ext . saudi arabian embassy - same a - 171 thorn exite a limousine with three other man ( two saudis , one aide ) -- all head toward the building . we 172 cur to : ext . safari park - same a-272 Katherine and damien see in they car as it move slowly toward & group of animal -- camera moving in close on damien as they approach , we 173 angle on the animal a - 173 a group of gazelle , feed beside the road . 5 gyn az int . the car - angle on katherine a - 174 relaxed , enjoy the day : glance at damien , then toward the animal as they gradually come upon then . we 275 a - 22 revised ~ '' the omen " -_ 9/26/75 39 angle from her p.o.v , a-1l75 of the gazelle -- seem to become alert to they ; they posture stiffening as they turn toward the car -- as though it be a predator suddenly come into they midst . we 176 angle on katherine a- 176 notice the effect they be have on the animal -- she face reflect curiosity . angle on damien B - 176 move close to the window . angle on the animal '' c-176 turn and bolt : stampede toward the limit of they enclosure . angle on katherine D +176 puzzle . we 177 cur to : ext . saudi arabian embassy - same a- 177 up angle revealing thorn , see through a window , pace as he apparently talk to other man in the room -- he gaze idly shifting toward the street and freezing : jarre at what he see . angle from he p.0.v . b- 177 Father tassone , the Priest , who be in he office -- stand across the street and gaze imploringly upward at he ; hat - clutch in he hand , eye etched with desperation . we 178 cur to : ext . safari park - angle on a large colony of a-178 baboon over a hundred of they , milling about close to the car , pick up bit of peanut and popcorn the patron have throw out for they . we 179 scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 39 - a various angle a- 179 - a- 183 people in they car , laugh ; baboon eat : camera panning back to reveal Katherine 's car approach ; damien 's face in the windshield . angle on the baboon 184 as they activity slowly stop ; and they begin to turn , one by one , toward the oncoming car . angle on damien' face 185 see through the windshield , as it move slowly closer . angle on a baboon' face 186 gaze at he , suddenly shriek in fear : other join in , beginning to bound about the road in panic , some scurrying for the safety of nearby tree . angle on a car 187 stop short as a monkey dash beneath its wheel ; the bang of car bumper hear behind it , angle on damien 188 throw forward as Katherine slam on the brake -- both gaze around in confusion as monkey shriek down at they from surround bush and tree ; baby cling desperately to they mother ; male bare they fang . angle from there p.0.v . 189 of the frenzy and anger around they , close on katherine 190 gaze upward ; suddenly jolted as a large hairy body land on the hood directly in front of she . angle from her p.o.v . - a gigantic male baboon 191 its face garishly color with bright pink and white ; attack the windshield , try to get at damien . angle on damien : 192 paralyze with fear . angle on the baboon 193 frenzied , try to get at hin . angle on katherine 194 a - 22 unable to move ; she mouth fly open in a terrify scream . CUT to : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 40 int . bedroom - night 195 Kathy in bed . Robert enter from dress room in pajamas ready for bed . the room semi~darkened and utterly quiet . thorn ( gaze uneasily at she be you all right , Kathy ? kathy yes . thorn -- so silent ? kathy ( expressionless ) just tired , I guea . thorn eeefull day ? kathy yes . you ? angle on thorn 196 pause ; decide the better of it . thorn yes . very full . they exchange a weak smile . thorn damien all right ? kathy ( too quickiy ) yes . thorn be you sure ? kathy yes . angle on thorn 197 study she , as he cross to the bed and get in next to Kathy . thorn ( after a long pause ) if there be anything ... ' wrong ! you would tell I , would not you ? cont. a- 22 revised - " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 kathy ' wrong !? ( upset ) what could be wrong with we son , Robert ? we be the bless people , be not we ? angle on thorn uncertain about she tone . kathy I mean only ' goodness 's come to the House of the thorns . Black cloud just stay away . thorn ( sober ) something be wrong , be not it ? angle on kathy lowering she head into the pillow . thorn Kathy ... be it so serious ? angle on kathy struggle to control she voice , kathy ( emotional ) I think ... I want to see a psychiatrist . angle on thorn deeply concerned . kathy ( struggle to speak ) I have ...' fear . ' fear that ... @ normal person would not have . thorn ( gently ) Kathy . what kind of fear ? kathy if I tell , they would put I away . thorn no , no ... I love you . al 197 cont . 198 199 200 201 a - 22 revised - '' the omen " - 11/4/75 4e angle on kathy : 202 gaze up through tear-streaked eye . kathy then help I . find I a doctor . angle on thorn 203 reach for she hand . thorn of course . of course . F : angle on kathy 204 nodd in gratitude ; thorn raise she hand to he lip . over 205 - — 216 CUT . to : ext . sport stadium - day a- 216 various angle on band playing , cheerleader cheering , rugby player warming up on the field -- camera panning to thorn ; poise before a microphone , wait for silence , a rugby Ball poise in he hand . various angle of thorn , crowd and rugby player as game continue . we 217 - 221 another angle 222 as the game end , the crowd around he reacting as thorn turn to he companion , companion I would say you have lose a bet . thorn forty -seven to nothing , I would say I have . companion that will be three quid . thorn I think it be two . cont . a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 11/4/75 43 222 cont. companion rate of inflation . they turn , beginning to move with the crowd . . companion Robert , you will be present the cup over here , the tele camera be set up in the clubhouse ... angle . on thorn a222 nodd as he move through people ; the rugby player merge with they , both thorn and he companion shaking hand with they , congratulate they as they go . angle on a hand 223 reach through with force and grab thorn . angle on thorn 224 turn ; shocked to find himself face to face with the priest . priest ( breathless ) tomorrow , one o'clock , Bishop 's Park . angle on thorn | a - 224 render immobile . priest five minute , then you will never see I again . close on the priest B - 224 desperate , priest - you wife be in danger . she will '' die unless you come . and suddenly the man be go , disappear into the crowd ; thorn leave gaze after he . angle on jenning b-224—4 have see the confrontation ; lift he camera and slowly pull focus . a- 22 revised - " the omen " : - 11/4/75 43-4 angle through he lense b-224 -b fhe little Priest : clear the crowd , hurriedly leave the park . we hear a shutter click . cuT to : int , jenning ' darkroom b-224 -' close angle on a enlargement as it develop in solution : camera following it as it be raise , drip , and lift toward the light . angle on , jenning c-224 turning & brighter light on it , try to make it out . angle on the print - d-224 show thé Priest push through the crowd ... and again , the phantom - like appendage rise from he head . ' angle on jenning e-224 sober ; sit down and gaze long at the photo . ext . bishop' park = fulham - day 225 high angle revealing cobblestone walkway , flower garden , bench -- camera panning to reveal thorn , cautiously . a- 22 ah 225 cont . enter by way of a stone path , try to appear casual as he gaze around ~- he eye find what they be look for . - angle from he p.0.v . - the priest 226 he back to we , seat on a bench beneath a tree . angle on thorn 227 stiffening , brace himself , walk forward . angle on the priest 228 he face tense , bath in perspiration -- as thorn approach , and circle -- confront he head on . _ angle on both 229 - 2 they eye lock . 30 thorn ( tense ) I should have bring the police . priest they can not help you . thorn get on with it . say what you have to say . angle on the priest 231 beginning to tremble as if under intense exertion . priest when the Jews return to Zion , and & comet rip the sky ; and the Holy Roman Empire rise , then you and I mist die , angle on thorn 232 fearful , rigid , priest ( voice rise ) from the eternal Sea he rise , creating army on either shore ; turn man against he brother , ' til man exist no more ! a- 22 45 angle on the priest 233 gaze desperately into thorn 's eye . priest the book of revelation predict it all . thorn I be not here for a religious sermon . priest ( quote ) ' it be by mean of a human personality entirely in he possession that Satan will wage he last and formidable offense ... ' thorn you say my wife be in ... priest ( in a fever ) go to the town of meggido in the old city of jezreel , there see the old man bugenhagen . he alone can describe how the child must die . . thorn +»- look here ... priest ( he voice rise ) he who will not be save by the Lamb will be tear by the Beast ... 1 tho : ( shouting ) stop itl there be sudden silence : the Priest gaze rigidly into thorn 's angry eye . thorn I be here because you say my wife be in danger . priest she be pregnant . thorn you be mistaken , priest ( fearfully ) he will not allow the child to be bear , he will kill it while 4 '' slumber in the womb . cont. 46 233 cont. thorn what on earth be you talk about ? priest you son , Mr. thorn ! the son of the devili he will kill the unborn child and then he will kill you wife ! and when he be certain to inherit all that be yours , then , Mr. thorn , he will kill you ! thorn ° that 's enough ! priest -.- and with you wealth and power he will establish he counterfeit kingdom here on earth , receive he power directly from Satan ... thorn you be insane ... priest he must die , Mr. thorn ! thorn you ask for five mint and that 's what you get . priest ( begging ) go to the city of meggido , see bugenhagen before it 's too late ] turn on he heel , thorn start to exit , turn , point a tremble finger at the Priest , thorn now I have hear you ... I want you to hear I . I never want to see you again ... angle on the priest 234 gaze at thorn in sad resignation . priest ( darkly ) : you will see I in hell , Mr. thorn . there we will share out we sentence , thorn leave : the Priest sit alone for a time in silence ; then , crossing himself , he slowly rise , the SOUND of " ohmmm fill the air , a - 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 47 close angle on the . priest 235 seem to hear the chant ; stiffening , he hand clutching the large cross that hang from he neck . another angle 236 as the chant rise in intensity : the Priest brace himself and move slowly out of the park ... camera holding as a wind suddenly rise , powerfully shaking the tree he be sit under . angle on the priest 237 reach the Park 's edge ; the wind beginning to blow hard around he , he cape lift in the swirl . from above , come the distant rumble of thunder : the Priest gaze fearfully around . angle from he p.o.v. 238 across the park from where he come ; the spire of a church barely visible through the top of tree . close on the priest 239 - jolted by a sudden crack of thunder , move back into the park and beginning to run . high angle 240 the Priest racing through the park as thunder crack once again , accompany by a sudden torrent of rain . close on the priest running 241 eye desperate : focus on the distant church . angle on the sky ake flicker with electricity . angle on the priest 243 run hard , groan in fear : lightning beginning to hit around he , a tree fairly explode as he pass . another angle ea the Priest breathless ; struggle to run . we 245 - 249 ext , park a - 249 " as the Priest crash through a stand of bush , reach the small gate of the church courtyard ; struggle with it , unable to open it , climb over it and fall : he robe rip as he hit the ground . angle on the gate ° a -249 - 4 behind he as it be strike by lightning , tear it from the cement and leave it twisted as apple core , smoulder on the ground . revised = '' the omen " - 9/26/75 48 angle on the priest a-249 - B staggering backwards , mouth agape -- lung upon the church door ; pull at they , bang on they ; the door lock ; rattling as he desperately pull . we 250 close on the priest a- 250 panicked ; eye darting about for some other entrance -- shudder as another report of thunder crackle . we 251 angle on a bolt of lightning a - 251 streaking downward , arrest by a lightning rod : the rod snapping off at its base and hit the tile roof -- eight foot of point steel , beginning its slow descent down the back of the roof . '' we 252 angle on the priest : a-252 gasp , barely able to continue , staggering around the bulide toward the back and bang there on a shutter window -- back up into the rain and gaze at it -- mouth agape , suck for air ... as above he come a sound ; a metallic bang , gradually increase in speed ... - we 253 high angle of the priest a-253 as he hear the SOUND and glance up ; he face freeze in horror as the lightning rod leave the edge of the roof , plummete downward with the directness of a earthbound javelin . qut . 254 angle on the priest a254 as the javelin smashes into he , run the length of he body and impale he in the grass : he body suspend on it like a marionette hang up for the night . our. 255 many angle - the priest aw255 a~256 impale ~- as the sky begin to slowly brighten ; the rain end -- the sun once again beginning to shine through . we 257 a - 22 revised ~ " the omen " - 9/26/75 . 48 - a close angle on the priest face a-257 freeze in a open-mouthed expression of puzziement ; eye glaze , and gaze skyward . out 258 - 259 int , thorn house ~ library / patio = close 260 angle on the child - morning play as any child would , make the sound of a engine while riding a wheel - toy across a parquet floor , angle on kathy . 261 she face draw , etched with tension ; barely able to tolerate the sound of she son slay . a- 22 49 angle on the child 262 absorb in he play : make the sound louder , racing fast on the wheel - toy , careen around the room . angle on kathy 263 snap . kathy ( shouting ) Mrs. baylock ! angle on thorn 264 enter , a newspaper in hand , gaze quizzically at Kathy . thorn something wrong ? kathy ( taut ) I can not stand that noise . thorn it 's not all that bad ... kathy ( angere ) Mrs. baylock ! angle on mrs . baylock 265 appear , mrs . baylock ma'am ? kathy ( terse ) take he out of here . angle on thorn 266 gaze at she , upset . thorn het only play . kathy i say take he out ! mrs . baylock yes , mar 'an , angle on mrs . baylock 267 take the child by the hand , lead he from the room -- camera lingering on the face of the child as he gaze back at he mother -- he eye fill with hurt . Kathy exit to patio . a- 22 revised - " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 50 angle on thorn 268 watch he go : then turn to Kathy , despair in he eye . thorn follow Kathy to patio . angle on kathy 269 averting hers : a long silence pass . thorn ( sadly ) I sometimes wonder ... why we so desperately want a child . kathy --- we image . angle on thorn a -269 take aback . thorn ++ what ? kathy how could we not have a child , Robert ? who ever hear of a beautiful family not have a beautiful child ? angle on thorn 270 hurt . thorn .. Kathy ... kathy it 's true , be not it ? it be for I , anyway . I never think of what it would be like to raise one ... just think how nice we picture would look on the mantel . angle on thorn 271 upset . thorn be this what you ' doctor ' be do for you ? kathy yes . thorn then I 'l ] be have a word with hin . cont . revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 51 271 cont. kathy yes . you will . he will have something to talk to you about , too , thorn ( guard ) kathy we have a problem , Robert . angle on thorn . 272 fearful of ask " what . " _ : kathy I want no more child , ever . thorn ( placate ) all right . angle on kathy 273 ' search he face . kathy then you will agree to a abortion ? angle on thorn eth stunne . kathy I be pregnant , Robert . I just find out this morning . camera zoom in on thorn '’s face : reacting as though he have be hit hard in the gut . kathy do you hear I ? angle on thorn 275 immobile -- as the phone ring -- ring again --~ he , mechanically reach for it , as he reenter library . int . library a=-275 tho ! ( lifeless ) hello ? yes , this be he. ( puzzle ) what ? cont. revised - " the omen " - 10/29/75 51-a a-275 cont . . thorn ( cont . ) {a pause ) who be this ? hello ? hello ? totally puzzle , disorient , he hang up the phone -- gaze at Kathy in a mixture of confusion and alarm . angle on kathy 276 gaze back at he , equally upset . * thorn .» something about ... the newspaper ... angle on thorn 277 as he eye slowly fall to the fold newspaper on the table in front of he -- and he open it : camera zooming in on the front page photo . it 4s of the Priest , impale on the lightning rod , the caption beneath it read : '' priest crucified in bizarre tragedy . ' angle on thorn 278 beginning to tremble in every fiber , unable to pull he eye away from the pash . CUT to : int . psychiatrist's office - day 279 thorn seat uneasily on a chair watch a young psychiatrist , hugh greer , pace the office before he . . creer she feel she need to prove herself worthy of you by bear you child . angle on thorn : a-279 stricken . thorn «.e if she have ... lose the child ... she would have have a breakdown . greer . she might have do ... but at this moment she can not cope , so she search for a reason that will not make she feel she 's , inadequate . aw 22 scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz revised - " the omen " -' 10/29/75 52 angle on thorn 280 - : 281 fearful . attentive . greer she fantasize damien be evil ... . thorn .- what ? greer . she 's unable to love he , so she invent a reason why he 's not worthy of she love . thorn .ee she think he 's evil ? greer the point be that , at this time , another child would be disastrous . thorn in what way ...' evil ' ? angle on greer 282 study thorn 's face . greer this be just a fantasy . she also fantasize that he be not really hers . angle on thorn 283 stung ; averting he eye . angle on greer 284 watch he , greer there 's no need to despair ... angle on thorn 285 _ gaze up at hin , trorn ( in earnest ) Doctor ... scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz revised - " the omen " - 10/29/75 93 angle on greer 286 wait for more . greer oe yor ? . and suddenly the atmosphere in the room reverberate with the distant SOUND of ooohhhmmm , almost subliminal , a vibration that make thorn stiffen . greer you be about to say something ? the chant take a step upward in volume ; thorn 's expression become fearful . . greer Mr. thorn ...? angle on thorn 287 gaze at he ; helpless , he breath step up . thorn I be ... frighten ... , greer do not answer , just study thorn . thorn I mean ... I be ...' afraid . ' I do not know what to do . greer the most important thing for you to do be ... agree to a abortion . angle on thorn 288 suddenly look up at he : and abruptly the SOUND of the chant end . thorn no. angle on greer 289 surprised . angle on greer a- 289 gaze at thorn in utter dismay . greer I would like to know you reason . a - 22 : revised - '' the omen " - 10/29/75 54 angle on thorn : 290 he gaze find greer 's and hold firm . angle on greer 291 confuse . angle on thorn a-291 shake , thorn -.. < be foretold this pregnancy would be terminate ... and I be go to fight to see that it 's not . he pause , gaze into the bewilder face of the peychiatrist . thorn I know what this must sound like and perhaps I am. , .'insane . ' , but this pregnancy must endure to keep I from ... believe . greer believe ? angle on thorn 292 taut . ' thorn »+/ as my wife do . that we son be ... the ohmm begin again ... thern 's voice break off : the word stick in he throat . angle on greer 293 gaze at he with amazement and concern . thorn ( suddenly rise ) forgive I . ( softly ) please sit down ... cont . a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 10/29/75 sua 293 cont. thorn ( back toward the door ) I be sorry ... I must ... get home | and , turn , he hurry from the room . cut to : ext . STREET - day 294 the chant continuing as thorn exit the building at a near-run , head to he car ( Sports car - top down ) and , enter , peel rubber as he pull away from the curb . cur to : a=22 revised - " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 55 ext . CITY - same 295 high angle showing thorns car move fast , through traffic . he just miss another car . int . car - same - angle on thorn 296 his face rigid with fear ; accelerate as he approach a change stoplight , traffic screeching around he as he barely make it through . cur to : int . thorn home - same 297 the chant continuing as we see Kathy , on the second floor landing , prepare to water some hang plant -- while behind she , in he room , the child ride he wheel - toy , make the sound of a train . . angle within the child room 298 revealing Mrs. baylock stand at he window , she eye close as though grip in prayer . close shot - the child 299 riding faster : he face become grip with intensity . CUT back to : ext . CITY - same 300 the chant rising : aerlal view of thorn 's car squealing as it turn fast onto a cloverleaf that spew it out onto a three lane road . angle inside the car - revealing thorn 301 he face etched with tension , hand grip the wheel tightly as he speed for home . ext . car 302 pass other , move fast down the highway . angle inside the car 303 camera shoot past thorn 's profile , out the driver 's window -- as we see another car , black and massive , slowly gain on he , until it be directly alongside he window . another angle - the black car ~ 304 revealing it be a hearse : a coffin within it see clearly through its window -- a young chauffeur gaze straignt ahead . revised _- " the omen " - 9/26/75 56 close shot - thorn 305 as he turn and see the hearse : he eye fill with unreason fear . angle on thorn' dashboard , 306 as he foot press down on the accelerator , the speedometer rise from 65 to 95 . angle on thorn' profile 307 showing the hearse drop back , then regain its position perfectly alongside the car ... then beginning to pull ahead : thorn speed faster in a attempt to keep it from pass . cur to : int . thorn home - same moment 308 close angle on the child racing he wheel - toy in a grow frenzy , pound on it as though it be a racehorse . angle on kathy 309 on the second floor landing , step up on a stool near the balcony to water some overhange plant . angle on mrs . baylock 310 gaze hard at the child : as if direct he with sheer force of willpower to go faster . angle on the child 311 accelerate ; wild -ey , whipping into a frenzy . cui back to : ext . highway 312 aerial view of thorn 's car and the hearse , neck and neck , both move at fantastic speed . cur to : int . thorn hallway a-312 high angle look down on Kathy -- seeing foyer below . cur to : int . thorn be car - close on thorn 313 tooth bare , strain with every muscle as he push he pody against the accelerator and the floor -- the hearse see gain steadily until the coffin be riding alongside he face . cont . 57 313 cont. thorn ( strain ) no ... no ... CUT back to : int . thorn house - close on the child 314 still accelerate , careen wildly . CUT back to : ext . thorn' car 315 its machinery scream as it be push to the limit . angle on the dashboard 316 register a hundred and twenty mile a hour . angle on thorn 317 he mouth open to let loose a dloodeurdling cry . . angle from he p.o.v , a-317 bear down fast on the rear end of a car in he lane ahead of he . angle on thorn b-317 still scream as he apply the brake . the hearse overtake hin . CUT back to : int . thorn house - same ~ angle on the child 318 shoot from he room on the wheel - toy , and crash headlong into Kathy ; she toppling from the stool , claw air and scream -- take a circular goldfish bowl with she -- as she topple over the balcony . another angle ~ slow motion 319 as she flail into midair -- the goldfish in flight with she -- as she plummet downward , toward the tile floor below . another angle 320 at floor level , as in slow motion , she hit , actually bounce with the impact -- the goldfish and water raining delicately dee '' - 58 int . intensive care 322 as thorn enter , stunne , gaze in confusion toward a row of cubicle , doctor ( o.s. ) ambassador thorn . startle , thorn turn -- swish panning to a young doctor approach , he manner brusque and impersonal . thorn ( as if in a daze ) yes ? doctor my name be becker . thorn ( desperate ) be she. , . all right ? doctor ( grim ) she will recover . angle on thorn 323 fearful . doctor +.- she have a concussion , a break collar bone and some internal bleed . thorn .-- Internal bleed ? doctor that 's we biggest worry at the moment . thorn she 's pregnant . doctor I be afraid not . a- 22 revised ~ " the omen " - 9/26/75 59 angle on thorn 324 as though hit in the stomach . thorn she lose 1t ...? doctor ' I be afraid so . angle on thorn 325 shudder ; lean against the wall for support . doctor in a fall like this , it 's usually the head that hit first . so in & sensé ... you can consider yourself lucky . angle on thorn a-325 near tear . we 326 - — 327 CUT to : int , kathy' hospital - intensive care unit - 328 close angle on kathy - same unconscious , attend by a nurse : a tube in she nostril , another in she arm lead to a bottle of plasma ... camera panning to the entrance as thorn enter , he face streak with tear , and slowly approach the bed , gaze down , gently touch she face . close angle on thorn 329 he eye fill with disbelier , angle on kathy - oo 330 she eye flicker for a instant , then hazily open . ka 's ( delirious ) Robert ... thorn _ ssssshhhbh ... cont . an22 revised - " the omen " -.9/26/75 60 , 330 cont. kathy ».- do not ... let he ... kill ...me ... thorn .. Kathy ... but she be asleep again ; she face relax into a deep slumber . we hold long on thorn ... CUT to : int . thorn house - angle on the tile floor - 331 late night a shapeless stain of dry blood absorb by the tile where Kathy fall -- camera panning upward as the front door open , and thorn enter -- he eye immediately focus on the blood spot -- he , stand there for a long moment , gaze at it in hypnotic fatigue . finally , he move : to the foot of the stairwell and there pause again , he eye search upward in the darkness . another angle 332 as he slowly mount the stair , he eye fix on the close door of he son 's room . ' another angle 333 as he reach the second landing , and approach the room , slowly turn the knob ... then , even slower , crack open the door . close shot - he face 334 recoil at the sight before he . he p.0.v. : 335 revealing the child , asleep in he bed -- guard by the black dog , alert , on guard ... a low rumble gurgle from its throat , its eye flash a warning toward thorn ... angle shift - following he gaze - to reveal a-335 -- through the open door to she room -- the mountainous form of Mrs. baylock : asleep . a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 61 close on thorn 336 at the door , immobile : jolted by the sudden ringing of a telephone , he exit . . CUT tos int , master bedroom a-336 thorn ( breathless ) yes ? angle on thorn 337 he face reflect confusion . '' thorn '' 2 who ? cur to : int . SMALL apartment - same 338 a combination photolab / darkroom . revealing the hulk freme of jenning , the photographer -- barely discernible in semidarkness -- on the phone . jenning ( tense ) you know , the one whose camera you bust ... close on jenning 339 sweat -- ris face etched with urgency . jenning I think you better meet I at my flat right away . he pause , shaking he head . jenning this be not about the camera , Mr. thorn . it 's about you , his gaze move towards a vat of slowly develop photograph , camera following he eye -~ slowly zooming in on the tub of rippling fluid . cur to : revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 62 int . jenning's apartment - darkroom - later 340 the atmosphere infrared : a flashlight spotlight a photograph . it be of damien 's birthday party : a shot of the nanny laugh , surround by photographer . jenning see anything unusual ? angle on thorn and jenning 342 -- strange shadow cast on they face as they gaze downward , thorn ( a headshake ) «seZ be sorry , I ... jenning ( point ) I would have a hard time sellin ' it I will tell you , with this kind of blemish . close on the photo a-341 jenning ' finger trace a vague " smudge " , almost like a faint waft of smoke that seem to drift from just above the nanny 's head , wrapping gently around she neck . angle on thorn b-341 gaze down : uncertain of what to make of it . jenning I do not think nothing of it either . make a note to complain to the factory about the film they be makin ' , ( reach for another photo ) I be insure for this sort of thing , you know . I get a bad lot of filn , it affect my livelihood . angle on thorn c-341 glance at he . wary . jenning but then it happen again . he put a photograph on he light - board : flipping a brighter switch . a- 22 revised - " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 63 angle on the photograph 342 it be the first one take of the Priest , Father tassone , ashe leave the embassy : the '' javelin '' see clearly , like a@ smudge above he head . . jenning ( watch thorn ) beginning to get interesting , would not you say ? angle on thorn a-342 stunne : unable to respond . angle on jenning b-342 again change photo , jenning here 's one I snap of he about ten day later . angle on the photo c-342 ' the Priest push through the Sports Stadium crowd . thorn ( awed ) oee same thing ... jenning only more pronounce this time '' 2 eactually make contact with he head . angle on thorn d-342 he mind reeling . we 343 - — 345 angle on the light - board 346 as the photo again change ... this time to the newspaper photo of the Priest impale on the lightn Rod . jenning the rest , of course , be history . aq22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 64 angle on jenning a-346 as behind he a automatic timer go off ; he reach ever and flick on a light -- turn back to meet thorn 's stunne gaze , jenning {a long beat ) I can not explain it , either . ' that 's why I start digging . take a pair of tong , he turn to a vat , lift out a enlargement ; wave it slightly to let it drip dry before move it to the light . . jenning the coroner 's report show the little Priest be riddled with cancer . High on morphine most of the time ... injected himself two , three time a day . thorn .. he know he be die ? jenning apparently so . angle on thorn a-346 -a pensive . thorn «.e he say ... he want to . forgiven by Christ ... jenning ( a smile ) no atheist in foxhole , eh? angle on jenning a-346 - B hold the enlargement to the light . angle on thorn 347 wince , . angle on the photo 348 in three separate panel , each a different death - pose of the Priest 's naked body ... camera examining each pose ~- pause on the last , ' cont . revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 64-a 348 cont . jenning externally he body be completely normal ... except for one small item on the inside of the leave thigh . he raise a large magnify glass to the last photo : revealing a strange mark , like a tattoo . thorn what be it ? jenning Three six . six hundred and sixty -six . thorn ( confuse ) «.- concentration camp ...7 jenning that be my think ... but a biopsy show it be a birthmark . close angle on thorn 349 puzzle ; jenning rise , collect some thing . '' : jenning put you coat on . the best be yet to come . cur to : . ext , sleazy STREET - night 350 thorn and jenning in Kathy 's car , move slowly along a garbage - strewn side street , stop , go quiet . angle on thorn and jenning within a-350 thorn giance apprehensively at jenning , the photographer respond by nodd toward a building across the street . angle from there p.o.v . b-350 a slum cut to : ae22 revised - " the cmen " ~ 9/26/75 64-8 int , the build 352 the two man 's footstep heard ascend a wooden stairwell ; they progress mark only by a flashlight -- as jenning stop at the first landing , manipulate door key , open a door . CUT to : int . tassone's flat - same 352 as the two figure enter , jenning move to the center of the darken room ; switch on a bare bulb , suspend from a overhead wire . . ' angle on thorn a-352 under the harsh glare of light : suck in he breath at what he see . thorn naw ) «eeHe live here ? jenning ( a beat ) to if you call it live . angle from he p.o.v . - slowly panning the room 353 bizarre . it be a small , dare , cubicle , the only furniture be a bed and a table -- the walis and ceiling cover everywhere with bit of tear and crumpled paper ; cross imbed in they , all size , hang at all angle , everywhere . angle on thorn 354 awed -- walk slowly to the wall ; gaze at the peculiar wallpaper . jenning they be page from the Bible . thousands of they -- every inch of wall space be cover with they -- even the window . angle on thorn 355 turn -- camera following he gaze to the window : cover with papers . a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 64-c close shot - window a=355 thorn 's hand pull back a page of bible to reveal a large stark church ~- thorn 's hand replace paper -- push it back on to window . angle on jenning 356 ° raise he foot , and with it , slamm the door . angle on thorn a-356 jolted ; turn . angle on the close door 357 a crazy quilt of cross : ail size and shape , nail to it at all angle . jenning there be forty - seven . TI count they . 65 angle on thorn a-357 find jenning ' eye ~- totally mystify . jenning I would say he be try to keep something out , would not you ? thorn he be , ..crazy ... jenning ( direct ) be he , Mr. thorn ? angle on thorn b-357 stop ; jenriing gaze directly into he eye . jenning that 's what the police think , too . that 's why they let I rummage around here and take what I want . he hold up a folder he 's be carry under he arm , and unceremoniously dump its content onto the table . angle on the table c=-357 show a collection of newspaper clipping , photograph , and a small , tatter black book ... jenning ' hand reach in and take the book . angle on thorn d~357 watch he ; fearful . jenning the first item be a diary . it do not tell about he , it tell about you . when you leave the house , where you go , what restaurant you have lunch in , where you speak engagement be ... thorn --- May I see it ? jenning hhand it over ) +.. the last notation say you be schedule to meet with he . in Bishop 's Park . that 's gate the same day he die . close on thorn e-357 squinting beneath the harsh light as he scan the diary . a- 22 revised - '' the omen " - 9/26/75 66 ot angle on jenning 358 produce two more item . jenning but the really important item be here . if we be ever go to figure this out , here 's where we start . he hand they to thorn , come close to gaze over he shoulder , jenning the first be a clipping from astrologer monthly : a report of a , ..' unusual phenomenon . 's a comet that take the shape of a glow star , like the Star of bethlehem , two thousand year ago . angle on thorn 359 study the article , perspiration form on he upper lip . jenning only this one happen on the other side of the world ... the european continent ... just five year ago . June sixth , to beexact . . ( pause ) - do that date ring a bell ? thorn ( hoarse ) -oye . jenning then you will recognize the second clipping . it 's a birth announcement from a newspaper in Rome . thorn' p.0.v . a-359 of the second clipping : in itelian . jenning that be also June sixth , five year ago . the night you son be bear . ( a beat ) Sixth month , sixth day ... angle on thorn b-359 stunne ... he hand shaking as he put the clipping down . jenning u-swas you son bear at six a.n.? a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 67 angle on thorn 0-359 turn to he : distraught . jenning I be try to figure out the birthmark . the three six . thorn ( burst ) my son be dead . I do not know whose son I be raise . angle on jenning 360 gaze long at thorn : thorn averting he eye . jenning if you would not mind , Mr. thorn ... I would like to help you find out . thorn ( struggle to speak ) no . this be my problem . close on jenning 361 lowering he gaze to the table where there remain a final item . a photograph bring from he darkroom . jenning ( sadden ) you be wrong , sir . it 's my problem , too , angle on jenning 362 slowly lift the photograph : hold it up to the light . jenning ( with difficuity ) when I come into this room with the police , I snap a picture ... happen to catch my own reflection in that small mirror there , over by the door . angle on thorn 363 gaze upward , he eye register shock . * jenning Rather unusual effect , do not you think ? a- 22 revised ~ " the omen " - 9/26/75 68 angle on jenning 364 geze at the photo . there p.o.v . - the photo 365 show , in a far corner , jenning , from the bust up , frame in a wall mirror -- camera slowly zooming in to reveal he neck be miss : the head separate from the body . CUT to : int , kathy' hospital room - day 366 thorn at she bedside : grip with emotion . thorn -+. just for a few day . i'1l be back as soon as I can . kathy ( upset ) oh , Robert ... thorn I be sorry ... I can not avoid it . kathy .-. I be frighten . thorn you will be safe here . and 4f you need anything , my assistant Tom portman be just a phone call away . angle on kathy 367 fight tear . thorn I will leave he number ... kathy what about damien ? thorn ( a pause ) I will speak to the horton .. , make sure he 's provide for . close on kathy a-367 clt to : revised - " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 68-4 int . thorn' house - day : 368 as thorn move quickly through , a look of concern on he face . thorn ( call ) Mrs. Horton ? Mrs. Horton ? CUT to : int , kitchen ~ same - angle on mrs . baylock 369 work over a sink -- as a door swing open ; thorn enter . thorn ( surprised to see she there ) where 's Mrs. Horton ? mrs . baylock gone. cont . 69 thorn 369 cont . go out ? mrs . baylock go . they just up and quit ... leave a address for you to send they last month 's wage . thorn ( shocked ) do she say why ? or do Horton say anything ? mrs . baylock no , but no matter , sir . I can carry on . angle on thorn 370 gaze at she ~- she return a reassure smile . thorn I will replace they when I return . mrs . baylock yes , sir . whatever you 'say . he start to leave ; turn back to she once more . thorn and , Mrs. baylock ...? " mrs . baylock sir ? thorn last night I see that dog here . I clearly tell you ... mrs . baylock he 's go now , sir . they come just this morning and take he away . angle on thorn 371 hold eye contact with she for just a beat , before nodd , turn -~ and stride out of the room . cur to : ext , london airport - close on jets firing - day 372 as a small private jet taxi through the fog past a control tower : camera moving in on the tower , dispatcher ( o.s. , filter ) plj724 clear for takeoff , destination Rome ... cur to : int , airplane ~ angie on thorn - same 373 expressionless ~- camera panning to reveal jenning beside he , open a briefcase , arrange some book and papers . jenning all right ... let 's start at the beginning . tell I everything you can . CUT to : a - 22 revised ~ " the omen " - 9/26/75 to ext . airplane 374 soar through a storm - laden sky . dissolve to : int . airplane - angle on thorn and jenning - 375 later . thorn «+- something about ... rising from the sea ... death and army ... Holy Roman Empire . it be a poem ... I do not really listen , dissolve to : int . airplane - later 376 jenning surround by book and notepaper , jotting furiously as thorn speak . airplane go through slight turbulence . thorn he keep begging I to take Communion ... and to see ... I can not remember the name . a old man , he say . uh ... meggido . no , that be the town . jenning ( struggle with a - map meggido ? thorn Heard of it ? jenning ( a pencil in he mouth ) just check to see if it 's in Italy . we = 377 - a-377 cur to : int . cab 378 lumber through heavy rain in downtown Rome : thorn aitting silent , gaze distantly out the window as jenning reada aloud : jenning } , .. and unto this earth come the Savage messiah ; the offspring of Satan in human form ... sire by the rape of a four-legged beast , ! a=22 revised ~ " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 71 thcrn's p.o.v. 379 at pass statuary : jenning ( 0.8.} ' , .. as young Christ spread love ... so the anti-christ will spread fear ... receive his power directly from Hell .! angle on thorn 380 without expression . cut to : ext , CITY - angle on a new , modern hospital - 381 afternoon as the cab pull up , and came to a stop . a distinctive statue be near the entrance ( as scene ] angle on the cab 382 as thorn gaze out the window ; he face register confusion . angle inside the cab 383 thorn this be not it . cab driver ( thickly accented ) ospidale dei cappucini . thorn this be not it . . cab driver ( insistent ) si. ospidale dei cappucini . thorn ( speaks.to the Driver in perfect italian ) no , it be old . Brick . I remember . jenning ( glance at a piece of paper it 's the right address , all right . cab driver ( suddenly realize ) ah , ci fu un incendio anni fa . cont . aew22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 72 383 cont. thorn {in italian ) what happen ? cab driver ci fu un terrible incendio durante 11 quale il vecchio ospidale fu distrutto . angle on jenning and thorn 384 exchange a glance . thorn apparently there be a terrible fire . the old hospital burn down . cab driver {a nod} 5 anni fa ci furuno . thorn 5 year ago . multi morte ... much death . angle on thorn 385 distress . CUT to : int . hospital - angle on thorn 386 upset : harangue a elderly nun . thorn surely the fire do not destroy everything . there must be some recordsse . nun ( in accent ) I be sorry . as far as I know everything be destroy ... thorn be its possible that some of the papers be store elsewhere ? nun i do not know . thorn ( distress ) look , this be very important to I . I adopt a child here , and I be look for some record of its ... cont . angle on 73 386 cont. nun there be no adoption here . thorn there be one . it be not a actual adoption . nun you be mistaken ... thorn wait . birth record . if 1 give you a date , maybe just ... jenning ( o.8 , it 's no use , jenning 387 approach , sighing heavily as he lean against a wall . angle on stand jenning the fire start in the Hall of record . in the basement . all the paperwork be there , it go up like a torch ... shot up the stairwell ... the third floor become a inferno . thorn «+ the third floor .. , ? jenning ( a nod ) nursery and maternity ward . nothing leave but ash . jenning and thorn 388 in silent despair . nun if you will excuse I ... thorn ( stop she ) what about the staff ? surely some survive . nun yes . some . cont . revised -_ " the omen " - 9/26/75 74 388 cont . thorn ( renew ) there be a tall man ... a Priest . a giant of a man . nun be he name ...uh... ( work at remember ) fr. spiletto ? thorn ( excited ) yes . I think so . nun he be the chief of staff , thorn yes . he be in charge . do he ... nun he live . th ( elate ) be he here ? nun no. thorn «- where ... nun ( again with difficulty } a monastery in ... subiaco . many of the survivor be take there . many die . he might have die , since . but he live through the fire . I remember , they say it be a miracle . jenning subiaco . ( a nod ) San dominico . angle on thorn 389 excited . cur to : a - 22 aw - 22 75 ext . country road - day 390 heavy rain : a car move fast through the italian country - side . int . car - angle on thorn drive and jenning 391 next to he jenning still at work , poring over book and road map . jenning {to himself ) I will be damned ... here we go . thorn what be it ? jenning it 's right here in the Bible . Book of relevation . when the Jews return to Zion ... thorn that be it . the poem . when the Jews return to Zion . then something about a comet ... jenning ( point ) that 's here , too . a shower of star , and the rise of the Roman Empire . this be suppose to be the event that signal the birth of the anti-christ . the Devil 's own child , cur to ; ext . roadside cafe 392 thorn and jenning eat sandwich at a small table : jenning talk with he mouth full while thorn give he he full attention . jenning the Jews have return to Zion , and there have be a comet ... '' ( reach for a book ) +eeand as for the rise of the Roman Empire , scholar think thet could ~ well be interprete as the formation of the common market . thorn {dubious ) bit of a stretch ... cont . a- 22 76 392 cont . jenning ( open the book ) then how ' bout this ? revelation say ' he will come forth from the eternal sea ...! thorn that 's the poem again . ( recalling ) ' from the eternal Sea he rise ... with army on either shore ...! that 's how it begin . jenning and theologian have alread interprete the eternal Sea as meaning the world of politics . the Sea that constantly rage with turmoil and revolution . angle on thorn 393 stop -- thorn so the devil 's child ... will rise from the world of politics ... cur to : ext , country road - long shot - car 394 speed toward darker cloud and storm . cult to : ext , a monastery ~- day 395 large and impose , in a state of semi-decay ; but retain its strength and dignity even though the element be slowly reclaim it . another angle 396 examine its stark , gothic quality against a dark - cloud evening sky ; as we begin to hear the distant and echoing SOUND of religious prayer come from within : a chorus so ethereal that it seem to rise from the very vault of history . various angle 397 - 401 the structure , within and without . no sign of life or movement : its corridor and cavern empty . 77 angle on a distant road 402 as the small car slow at the close point and stop . angle inside the car - revealing thorn 403 drive , he eye heavy with fatigue -- camera panning to the passenger seat to reveal jenning , asleep . angle on jenning 4ok stir : thorn roll down he window and gaze across the landscape . he p.o.v , - the distant monastery 405 silhouett against the stormy evening sky . thorn {o .8 . ) we can not get any closer than this , jenning ( o.s . they apparently enjoy they solitude . cut to ; ext . field - same - angle on thorn and jenning 406 crossing a field of tall e@rass ; breathe hard , they pant ieg soak to the thigh : jenning pause to snap photograph with he camera . another angle on they 4o7 distant as they slowly progress -- the SOUND of prayer beginning to permeate the atmosphere around they . cur to : ext . monastery step = same 408 as they arrive : panting ; pause for a moment in a attempt to regain they breath . cud tu : ext . monastery entranceway 4og as thorn and jenning enter : gaze around at the emptiness -- attempt to trace the source of the chant . cur to : a- 22 78 int . monastery church 410 a huge and ancient room , truly a place of worship : stone step lead to a spacious altar on which stand a huge wooden crucifix , the figure of Christ upon it , chisele from stone -- block wall , sixty foot high , lace with vine- root that join at the center of a dome celling , open at the very top to emit a shaft of light that illuminate the crucifix , within this chamber , a group of hood monk pray : they head bow so that nothing can be see of they save sackcloth as they chant continue , seem to constantly renew itself each time it begin to fade . camera slowly pan the church -- coming to rest close on the face of thorn , stand beneath a archway -- he face immobilize with awe ... camera pan to jenning : equally impressed , try to get a light read in the darken chamber , angle on thorn all his eye wander ; suddenly stop . riveted in place . angle on jenning 412 notice thorn 's expression and follow he gaze . he p.o.v. 413 panning a row of praying monk : holding on the figure of one at the end of the row . unlike the other , he be seat upright , stiff , in a wheelchair . camera zooming in to reveal it be spiletto : but only barely resembling he -- the right half of he face literally melt by fire . camera pan to he hand protrude from the cloth sleeve , revealing that it , too , be only a smooth stump . angle on jenning aad turn to thorn . jenning found he ? angle on thorn 415 without expression , nodd . cur to : ext . monastery courtyard - near dark 416 close on the face of Father spiletto ; he right eye opaque and cloud , stare blindly upward , cont . a- 22 79 416 cont. monk we do not know if he can see or hear . since the fire he 's not make a sound . another angle 417 revealing they be in a garden ; once beautiful , now litter with break statuary . a benedictine monk behind spilettot wheelchair be talk to thorn and jenning . angle on thorn 418 gaze at the monk with despair . monk he be feed and care for by the brother ... and we pray for he recovery when he penance be complete , thorn ( with interest ) e+.' penancet ? angle on the monk 419 gaze sympathetically at the stiffen figure of spiletto . monk ' woe to the shepherd who abandon he sheep . May he right arm wither and he right eye lose its sight .! angle on thorn and jenning 420 exchange a glance . thorn +eeHe 's fall from grace ? monk yes . thorn May I ask why ? monk for abandon Christ . a+22 80 angle on thorn hel confused . jenning how do you know he 's abandon Christ ? monk ( simply ) confession . jenning but he do not speak . monk written confession . he have some movement in he leave hand . CUT to : int . spiletto's cubicle 422 close on a scrawle , childlike draw . it be a stick figure , surround by three " 6's , monk . {o.s . ) you will notice the curve line over the head . this indicate the hood of the monk . his own hood . wide angle revealing thorn and jenning 423 bend over a stone table , study the draw : the monk with spiletto in a far corner of the room . thorn Three six ... monk six 1s the sign of the Devil . jenning why three of they ? monk we believe it signifies the diabolical trinity . the Devil , anti-christ , and false Prophet . jenning ( think aloud ) ++- Father , Son , and Holy ghost , eh ? monk for everything Holy ... there be something unholy . this be the essence of temptation . a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 81 angle on thorn , ded gaze at spiletto : crossing in front of he , look directly into he eye . thorn ( oud ) Father spiletto ... my name be thorn . angle on the monk 4e5 apprehensive , angle on spiletto's deadened face 426 -- stare mutely upward . thorn ( slow , deliberate ) Father spiletto ... there be a child . I want to know where it 's from . there follow a prolong silence . monk I be afraid it 's no use ... thorn ast ? spiletto ) you confess to they ... now confess to I . I want to know where that child be from , monk please , sir ... . thorn you say you know its mother ? where be she now !? mone I must insist ... thorn ( voice rise ) - Father spiletto I beg you ... where be she ? | who be she ?! please ... answer I , now . and suddenly they be jarre : by the pealing of rell : incredibly loud , reverberating everywhere throughout the empty hall -- angle on jenning nar gaze down at the Priest : camera panning to spiletto 's leave hand ... beginning to shake , and slowly rise . a- 22 82 angle on thorn 428 watch , he eye widen , angle 's on the monk 4eg place a piece of coal in spiletto 's hand and earefully wrapping he finger around it . up shot - the bell tower 430 as the giant bell loudly peal , angle inside the monastery church 432 as the monk pray , rock now with the rhythm of the bell ... close on spiletto's deadened eye 432 panning down to he hand clutching the piece of charcoal , jerk in stiff movement across the stone table . angle on thorn 433 watch , he face bath in sweat . angle on spiletto's hand 434 revealing the formation of the word c-e-r-v-e-t ... the hand withdraw from the table . angle on the bell 435 stop , go quiet . angle on thorn 436 in the sudden silence : he mouth gape ... angle on spiletto 437 finish : he head mutely back : eye stare upward . angle on jenning 438 angle on the monk 439 ell stunne by the sudden silence . thorn have coprvet ? coe jenning cervet ... thorn ( to the monk ) be that .. , italian ? revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 83 angle on the monk ao deeply upset . thorn please . do it mean something to you ? monk ( tight ) cerveteri . angle on thorn and jenning at wait for more . monk it be a old cemetery -- from etruscan time -- grippe de sant ! angelo -~ close on the stiffened face of spiletto ake monk it be nothing but ruin . the remain of the shrine of techulca . jenning «- techulea ...? monk the etruscan devil -god . thorn where be this place ? monk there be 'nothing there , sir ... except grave ... and a few wild hog ... thorn ( insistent ) where be it ? monk reluctant ) you will find it on the map . it 's perhaps fifty kilometer north of Rome . CUT to : ext . country road 443 as ' the car pass by -~ dissolve to : a- 22 an22 84 ext . montage - graveyard of grippe do sant 'angelo 444 - end of day - light fast diminishing a teeming rain all but obliterate it from view as car headlight swing slowly by , revealing the impose spike iron fencing that surround it . angle on the car aus pull off the road ; lumber to a stop . int , the car 446 jenning behind the wheel ; realize he have find the graveyard . turn to tell thorn and see that he be asleep , jenning sit -- mutely listen to the intense rainstorm -- play like a drum ioll on the metal top of the car . we ayze — _™ 44 another angle on the car 4ag as one of its door slowly open : jenning pull on a raincoat over he car coat =. staggering to a nearby stand of bush to urinate . close on jenning 450 blink he eye ; try to become accustom to the surroundings . he p.o.v . - scanning the ruins 451 make out that the tombstone be elaborate ; the remain of ornate figure and gargoyle - like face . angle on the car 452 as jenning cross back and observe thorn still asleep . angle within the trunk 453 as we reveal jenning , lift out he camera and put they around he neck . he react to the beginning of night noise as he be about to close the trunk -~ think better of it and scrounge around until he find a tire iron which he place in he raincoat pocket . another angle on the graveyard ab as we hear the trunk lid thunk shut ... and see jenning ! figure in the distance , approach a spike iron fence . 85 angle on jenning 455 secure he equipment and , with considerable effort , scale the spike fence with the aid of a nearby tree , another angle on jenning 456 as he hit the ground : and instantly we begin to hear tne ancient chant again , the SOUND of the " ohhhmm . " another angle 457 jenning see through tombstone , get to he foot . panning with he , as though he be be observe , as he move slowly through the statuary . he p.o.v . 458 dwell on the unsettle detail of certain statuary as he pass ; a archangel with half of its stone face eat away , cross tilt and break , headstone half sink into the mud . angle on a crypt 459 that lock like it 's be break into : rat move silently in and out . close on jenning ! face 460 sweating as he move through thick growth <-- he eye beginning to move in a manner that suggest he 1s become uneasy . another angle 461 as he eye move slowly upward , and he suddenly stop : rivete to the spot . SNAP zoom into the face of a towering stone idol 462 the face of techulca the Devil - God : a deeply furrow forehead and bulbous nose , a gape fleshy mouth and a goatee ... stare down at the figure beneath it . angle on jenning 463 grip by the statue 's stare -- manage to slowly raise he camera -- and snap three time with flashbulb , cur to : int . the car 464 as thorn stir ; he eye open , look for jenning . a- 22 86 ext , the car 465 as the door open , thorn step out and pull on he reincoat , sighting the graveyard , and move slowly toward it and call out : thorn jenning . he p.0.v. 466 as the graveyard move forward on US : only statuary in view , illiminate now by the last ray of -- day . angle on thorn '' 467 struggle at the spike fence : get a foothold , but slip , he pant leg rip open as he fall forward into brush . long shot - thorn see through the tombstone 468 as he regains he foot , limping slightly as he begin to move forward . close on he face 469 splatter with mud ; apprehensive as he move through . angle on he 470 through the statuary , panning with he , as though he be be observe . angle on thorn' pace 471 as he slow , he body stiffening ... at a SOUND ... come closer ... from ahead . he p.0.v , - crucifix 472 plant upside down -- the SOUND come from behind it . angle on thorn 473 stop -- eye widen . angle on some bushes 47k explode with movement as jenning crash through ; breathless , the tire iron in he hand . angle on thorn ats shake . jenning ( panting ) «+ . come with I . cont. 87 275 cont. he turn , thorn follow -- and as they disappear from view : the chant beginning again . cuT to : close on a pair of grave 476 unlike the other in that they be recent : one full - size , the other small ; the headstone unadorn , contain only name and date . jenning '' 8e ( of see the date ? June sixth . five year ago . a mother and child . angle on thorn 4ut gaze down at the grave . jenning they be the only recent one in the whole place . the other ere so old you cantt even read they . angle on thorn 478 his face etched with sadness as he kneel , wiping dirt away from the stone . thorn Maria avedici santoya ... ( gaze shift to the small one ) «+ bambini santoya ... ( read ) ' ce como muerte condiva trueste .! jenning it 's Latin , thorn os . yes . jenning -+- in death ... and birth ... generation embrace , ( pause ) quite a find , I would Bay . he turn to thorn ; surprised to find that he be near tear . thorn ( struggle to speak ) this be it . I know it . my child be bury here . jenning and likely the woman who give birth to the one youfre raise . angle on thorn 479 a - 22 look up : gaze around . cont. revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 88 479 cont. thorn why here ?... this terrible place ? jenning only one way to find out , angle on thorn 480 gaze at jenning as he raise the tire iron , forcefully plunging it into the dirt , where it stop shallow , with a thunk . jenning easy enough . itts only a foot under . angle on jenning a- 480 Tire iron start to scrape away dirt : thorn assist with a fragment of break statuary . 7 long shot - through the gravesite on thorn and b-480 jenning exerting all they energy as they silently dig . we = 481 close on thorn and jenning 482 cover with dirt and perspiration -- panning down to the gravesite where they be clear the dirt to reveal two cement cover . sitting back , they assess they , both breathe hard . jenning ( indicate ) smell it ? thorn yes . jenning ~ must have be a hasty job . not exactly up to health standard . angle on thorn a-4b2 upset . jenning which one first ? cont . an22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 89 a -482 cont . thorn do we need to do this ? jenning yes . : thorn it seem wrong . angle on jenning ~ B -482 haze hard at he , jenning do not back down now . if you wal away , you will never know . angle on thorn c-482 torture . jenning let 's go , then . take the big one first , after & pause , thorn reluctantly nod -- jenning pick up the tire iron and wedge it in the cement lid . again , we hear the SOUND of the ohhmmm . we 483 long shot - the men 484 as with the heavy breath and grunt of exertion , they ‘struggle to raise the cement lid . close on thorn' face 485 strain , with every ounce of energy . close on he stone face of techulca 486 gaze down at they . close on jenning 487 moan as he lift . another angle : 488 as with sheer brute force , the lid open . a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 b9 -a angle on thorn and jenning 489 as , while hold open the cement with the full force of they strength , they gaze downward into the chamber . there p.0.v. 490 zooming in to the decaye carcass of a jackal . angle on thorn 491 he mouth fly open into a cry of terror : the cement slip from they grip and crash downward , break to piece and fall into the hole . jenning ( breathless ) let 's go . thorn ( gasp ) no . the other one . jenning ( upset what for ? we have see what we need ! thorn ( desperate ) no , the other one ... maybe it 's a animal , too ] cont. 90 491 cont , jenning so what ?! thorn then maybe my child 's alive somewhere ! after @ pause , jenning nod , quickly scraping earth from the smaller grave , and jam the tire iron into the cement cover ; pause to look at thorn , angle on thorn 492 nodd ; jenning exerting leverage and easily pry the small cover up -- lift it off with he hand . angle on thorn 493 gaze down : he face suddenly contort with grief . he p.0.v , 494 into the small casket -- revealing the remain of a human child -- camera zooming in to reveal that its skull be smashed to piece . thorn its head ... jenning «+eGod.. , thorn ( in anguish ) they kill it , jenning let 's get out of here . thorn ( grief-strick ) they murder my son . the lid fall open : the two man on they knee gaze at each other in horror . thorn they murder he ! they kill my son . the rain subside and a unearthly silence settles on they -- break by the sound of a ungodly growl . angle on jenning and thorn 495 turn fast towards the direction of the sound , and suddenly freezing ~- camera following they gaze to reveal , dead ehead cont. 91 495 cont , of they , a black dog : eye close - set and glint -- saliva grieping from its half - open mouth -- a vicious growl issue from deep inside . angle on thorn and jenning 496 both reacting to the dog and frightening silence as the wind start up . angle on the dog 497 its dement eye flash -- camera panning to the. foliage beside it -- as another dog 's head appear , its muzzle scar and drip -- camera continuing to pan as the head of other dog appear : insane and ravenous -~ a pack of eight materialize from the foliage -- they mouth salivate in @ continual drool . angle on thorn and jenning 498 freeze . jenning ( without move ) -- they smell the carcass -- just -- move -- back , and as if in slow motion , the two man rise -- barely breathe , and begin move backward . thorn hesitates and attempt to pull the cement slab over he child 's grave . angle on the dog 499 ~~ beginning to move forward , head hold low , in stalking position -- jenning ( grab thorn ) come on =~ do not run -- they just want -- the corpse -- he pull he , angle on thorn and jenning 500 move slowly backwards . angle on the dog 501 '' ignore the open grave -- pass they -- continue to move toward the man . angle on both men white with fear , move slowly backwards -- the dog continue to advance --+ angle on thorn as he be back and " feel " samething behind he -- turn , he see another dog behind he . 502 a-502 a - 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 92 see omen = 9720775 angle on thorn and jenning b-502 as jenning see same dog . they realize they be surround . another angle c-502 suddenly , with a loud war ery , jenning throw he tire iron at the dog block they escape to the car . there be a sudden explosion of movement ; the animal spring upon they as they turn and try to run , angle on jenning '' 03 as several dog lunge simultaneously for he neck -- he camera protect he for the moment , as he hit the ground , roll over and over , the pack dance around he , tear at he clothes ... swish panning to thorn run toward the fence as a dog connect squarely with he back : hang on by he tooth , front leg dangle in the air as thorn attempt to continue ~~ finally fall to he hand and knee , try to pull himself forward as the other surround he . thorn' p.0 , V , - teeth flashing 504 saliva spew into the air ... angle on jenning " 505 cry out as dog snap at he face , still try to get to he neck . angle on thorn 506 roll into a ball : the black dog still hang fiercely onto he back ... panning to thorn 's hand , as it come across the tire iron and he raise it , jam it downward in the direction of the dog behind he ... angle on the tire tron 507 smash the dog 's head : a spray of blood gush upward as the animal scream in agony ... swish panning to jenning pull himself into a corner , the animal tear at he , accidentally trigger he flashbulb as he go ... angle on the dog 508 suddenly cower in the blind flash . a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 93 angle on thorn 509 back on he foot , swinging wildly with the tire iron , connect here and there as he back toward the fence ... angle on jenning 510 run from he corner ... the flash apparatus hold in front of he : flash each time the dog advance , until he too be at the fence ... nold they off ... thorn already climb over . angle on thorn 51l slip and fall hard : impale through the armpit by one of the rest spike : cry out in pain . angle on jenning . 512 set down he flash attachment and trigger it remote as he get a foothold and pull himself upward . angle on thorn 513 cry out as he fall to the ground on the other side -- jenning crash down beside he ; both staggering to they foot and run hard -- angle on the dog 514 go wild : bang into the fence attempt to leap over it -- one of they almost make it , but become impale ; kick into mid-air , howling with rage . angle on thorn and jenning 515 make it to the car . angle inside the car 516 as it speed away ; the two man in shock : tangle mass of blood , and rip clothing . angle on the dog 517 in a frenzy -- bang into the fence : the die one howling with rage . CUT to : int . HOTEL ~- rome - night 518 jenning see talk to a concierge at the check - in desk of a small hotel : both turn and gaze toward the street . a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 oh there p.0.v , - the car 519 park at the curb : the badly bruise face of thorn see within . CUT to : int . HOTEL room 520 thorn hold a bloody towel to one shoulder and bandage it as he cradle the phone with the other : jenning ! neck bandage , pace , in a state of near hysteria . jenning they be after I , I tell you , they keep go Tor my neck . thorn ( shake , into the phone ) yes , Operator ... she 's in room 614 , jenning @ sob my God , if I have not have this camera ... ' thorn would you interrupt please , this be a emergency . jenning ( confront he ) we have get to do something , thorn . do you hear I ?! angle on thorn 521 intense . thorn find the town of meggido . jenning how the hell be I go to find ... thorn I do not know ...! use you head -~ go to a church -- find a& priest ! ( into the phone ) «eeHello ? CUT to : a- 22 revised + " the omen " - 9/26/75 95 int , kathy' hospital room - angle on kathy - night 522 Sne be sitting up in bed , the phone in hand . kathy hello ? Robert , be that you ? yes , I be all right , be you ? ( surprised ) what ? cuT to : int , thorn' HOTEL room 523 thorn be on the phone ... ~ '' thorn I say I want you to leave London right away . ( pause I have get a call in to Tom portman ... he will meet you at the hospital and bring you 'here to Rome , CUT to : int . hospital room 524 Kathy be on the phone . ka 's ( fearful ) what 's happen ? what 's wrong ? ( a pause ) I do not know if I can move very well ... a nod ) yes . of course , I will try to be dress by the time he get here . close on kathy 525 hang up the phone ~- pause , with a look of concern . Kathy ponder for a moment , then , with effort , get out of bed and move to a closet ; open its door . cur to : a- 22 revised - " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 96 ext . the graveyard of grippe do sant angelo 526 Dark . cloud over and misty ; the atmosphere totally fhe een oer er a tuan eagerly audible SOUND . it be up angle on the stone face of techulca 527 the Devil - God -.~ gaze down in a open-mouthed stare . angle on the two despoiled gravesttes 528 a dog at each , digging ; refilling the open crypt . angie on the skeletal remains of jackal and human 529 child gradually be cover with dirt . down angle - past the head of techulca 530 showing the two grave -- and the dog silently work to fill then . . CUT back to : int . kathy' hospital room 532 as Kathy , arm in cast , attempt , with grow frustration , to undo she gown ... manage to pop the button ... struggle now to pull it over she head . cur to : ext , the graveyard - angle on the two dog - same 532 mechanically digging -- they eye maniacally narrow -- as from behind they come a soft and mournful wail . it be a dog bay ; a lonely , haunt sound . angle on the dead dog 533 hang limp on the fence -- camera slowly moving to another dog , sit before it ; lift its head to utter the low and mournful howl , . angle on the two dog 534 digging -- as the atmosphere reverberate with the howl of mourning : another voice join the first , create a cacophony of despair , a - 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 97 another angle - on the dead boc 535 ea spike protrude from its neck -- as now a third voice join the mournful chorus -- then a fourth ... angle on techulca 536 gaze down : as the air begin to ring . CUT back to : int . kathy' hospital room 537 Kathy struggle within the small dress closet , moan with frustration and the seed of panic as the dress gown become snarl , twist around she face and cast ... the SOUND of a door open and close heard in the room . kathy +»» hello ? be someone there ? subliminal CUT to ; the graveyard + close on the dog 538 wail : they voice rise in rage . CUT to : int , hospital room - close on kathy' face 539 ensnare in purple gossamer . kathy oseTom ? be that you ? and peer around the door , she stop in open-mouthed fright . her p.o.v , - through a purple haze 5 ho -- revealing the smile face of Mrs. baylock . angle on kathy bal she eye wide . cur to : '' the graveyard phe as the ungodly shrieking reach its apex . cur to : a- 22 revised - " the omen " -- 9/26/75 98 ext , hospital emergency entrance 543 as a ambulance screech in , siren scream -- camera swishing upward to reveal , high in a fifth -story window , the figure of a woman , a purple nightgown wrap around she face , one arm in a cast , take flight ... leap outward in slow motion into the air , and float downward ... arm flail as she fall ... camera following she slow descent ... as she finally crash into the top of the ambulance , the metal crumpling beneath she weight , she body bounce upward for a final flight before come to rest ... dead ... in the emergency entrance driveway . CUT to : int . thorn' HOTEL room - ' night say thorn alone , dress he wound : pause to check he watch , ' the phone ringing , he grab it . thorn hello ? 's . ( pause who ? yes , this be he ? he sit . thorn Tom ? camera slowly zooming in on thorn : 4s he be tell ; he face contort with anguish . thorn Katherine ...! cuT to : int . HOTEL corridor - late night 545 all silent and dark as the hulk frame of jenning climb the stair , open the door to they room . int . the room | 546 Dark : thorn 's body see in bed ... a still silhouette . jenning thorn ? thorn ( expressionless ) oo eye . he close the door , sit heavily on one of the bed . cont . a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 98 - a 546 cont. jenning ( with fatigue ) I find out about the town of meggido . angle on thorn sat still fail to respond : blood show through he shirt around the armpit . jenning . it 's derive from the word ' armageddon . 's the end of the world . angle on thorn 548 turn to he . thorn it do not exist ? jenning yes , but it 's underground . sixty mile south of Jerusalem . there 's a excavation go on there ... some american untyersity . thorn ( expressionless ) I want to go there . angle on jenning 549 nodd --- emit a long sigh . jenning if you could only remember the name see thorn bugenhagen . jenning bugenhagen ...? . thorn ( numbe ) I have remember the poem , too . 99 angle on jenning 550 turn to thorn . jenning ( incredulous ) the name of the man you be suppose to see be bugenhagen ? thorn ++ yes . jenning ++» bugenhagen be a 17th century exorcist . he be mention in one of the book I read , angle on thorn 551 expressionless . thorn that be the name ... I have remember it all . angle on jenning 552 sit back against he pillow : gaze into the darkness , thorn ( slow , without expression ) ' when the Jews return to Zion ... and a comet fill the sky , and the Holy Roman enpire rise , then you and I must die ... ' angle on jenning 553 numbe with exhaustion : listen . thorn ‘... from the eternal Sea he rise creating army on either shore turn man against he brother ... till man exist no more . ' there pass a long silence ; both man , see only in silhouette , immobile . thorn Kathy 's dead . close on jenning 554 jolted . thorn I want the child to die , too . cur to : a- 22 revised - " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 100 ext . the street of jerusalem - day 555 fill with noise and movement -- thorn and jenning see push slowly through , stop to ask question of people in doorway . dissolve to : ext . excavation site - angle on student - day 336 - 3 they be digging into the earth , sifting , work -- camera finding thorn and jenning talk to 4 man who seem to be in charge : shaking he head ... man in charge ( barely audible over digging machinery ) «eeit 's all - underground . this be just a small part of it . they say King Solomon 's quarry be sixty mile long ... s0 you can see we get we work cut out for we . angle on jenning a-560 lean in to question he : inaudible . man in charge «- who ? jenning repeat . man in charge '' no , never hear of hin . dissolve to : ext . market place - angle on thorn 561 look pale and weak -- he lip dry as he attempt to be hear over the din -- shouting into the ear of a old man who return a empty stare and slowly shake he head . cur to : ext . outdoor dyeing factory - angle on jenning 562 sweat hard , gesture as he talk to a group of elderly woman ~- some ignore he -- other merely shaking they head . cult to : aw22 revised - " the omen " = 9/26/75 100-a ext . HOTEL rooftop ~ day 563 thorn and jenning gaze out across the eity with despair : jenning glance at the wound on thorn 's arn . jenning that arm do not look good to I . thorn it 's all right . jenning let I find a doctor . thorn just find that old man . he 's the only one I want to find . angle on jenning 564 shaking he head with dismay -- as they be interrupt by the quiet appearance of a old arab man . angle on arab 565 small , ancient . jenning yes ? arab you look for the old man ? jenning ( guard ) what old man ? ( a& smile ) I take you . angle on thorn 566 raise himself , with effort , on one arm . arab hurry-hurry . he say you come right away . cur to : ext . jerusalem - day 567 the figure of the three man : move silently through back street , the arab lead the way . cur to : a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 2102 several location 568 - as they ttove quickly and quietly down wind ore alley and narrow archway ... cur to : ext . a narrow alley - dead end 573 as the arab move to its dead end , a stone wall , and stop : he mouth turn into a cheshire - grin , . angle on thorn and jenning 574 slow toa stop : keep they distance as they gaze at the man , exchange a glance of apprehension . angle on the arab 575 reach to the ground and lift a grate beside the wall : gesture for the man to climb in , jenning what the hell be this ? close on the arab 576 smile . arab hurry -~ hurry . he say come fast . he give they he flashlight . cur to : int . subterranean passage 577 a slippery staircase make of rough stone -- thorn and jenning stumbling , they footstep echoing ... as they follow the flashlight bean . dissolve to : int . subterranean passage - corridor 578 thorn and jenning still follow the beam -- through a cavern . , .as a area of light be see ahead . cur to : int . bugenhagen work room = close on thorn 579 enter : he eye squinting with the sudden onslaught of light . bugenhagen ( accented ) hello . a- 22 revised - " the omen " = 9/26/75 102 angle on elderly man 580 his face serious and draw , he thin body garbe in khaki short and short - sleeve shirt , much in the tradition of the archeologist , he clothing thick with sweat ; rise from behind a long wooden table stack with scroll ... the rock wall of the room around he light with dozen of oil iemp : the wall themselves contoure , represent the rough shape of building and stairway . bugenhagen ( curt ) sit down . angle on thorn and jenning 581 gaze around . arab two hundred drachma , bugenhagen can you pay he ? thorn be you ...? bugenhagen yes . jenning {incredulous ) you be bugenhagen ? bugenhagen I say yes . angle on jenning 582 incredulous . jenning «» the seventeenth ~ - century exorcist ? bugenhagen of course not , jenning ( stop ) I think ... bugenhagen that be nine generation ago . a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 angle on jenning embarrassed . jenning so you be ... bugenhagen the last . ( pause ) and the least . angle on bugenhagen his face taut , bitter . thorn what be this place ? bugenhagen my fortress ... my prison . City of jezreel , town of meggido . the place where Christianity begin . angle on thorn dubious . thorn «.. you ' prison ' ...? bugenhagen geographically , this be the heart of Christianity . so long as I remain within , nothing can touch I . ( a pause ) can you pay my runner please ? 103 583 584 585 thorn pay the arab ; the man quickly disappear ; the three leave confront each other in silence . bugenhagen ( gesture ) . in this village square Roman army once march ... and old man sit on stone bench whisper rumor of the birth of Christ . the storey they tell be record here ... ( point ) «eein that building , painstekingly write down ... and compile into the book of the Bible . a- 22 revised - " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 103 - a angle on jenning 586 his gaze fix on a darken tunnel . bugenhagen . the whole city 's here . eighty - five kilometer north to south ... most of it passable except for some recent cave - in . ( glance up ) they keep digging up there , create cave - in down here . by the time they get here , it will look like it 's be bury for century . angle on thorn 587 assess he . bugenhagen but that 's the way of man , be not it ? assume that everything to be see be visible on top . he pause : fix into thorn 's eye . bugenhagen the little priest . be he dead yet ? angle on thorn 588 take aback . thorn oe eyo . bugenhagen then sit down Mr. thorn . weld better get to work . angle on bugenhagen a-588 turn to jenning : jenning question the meaning of he look . bugenhagen you will excuse we . ‘his be for Mr. thorn alone . cur to : int . ruins 589 a dark , low tunnel -- the atmosphere silent and eerie -- as jenning move through , half crouch beneath a low and uneven rock ceiling ... illuminate only by the light of a torch he hold overhead . a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 104 he p.o.v. , a-589 as object and artifact move through he torchlight ... skeleton half - bury in rock seem to reach out from the outline of steppes and edifice that once fronted a ancient street . CUT to : int . bugenhagen room 590 darken now , save for small candle . close on thorn and the old man 591 seat across a table from one another ... they face etched with garish shacow as they sit in silence ; thorn 's eye tear with fear and distress as he gaze downward at the table . thorn' p.o.v. 592 revealing seven stilettos laid out before he : each of they handle a ivory crucifix , the knife themselves laid out in the sign of the cross . bugenbagen it must be do on hallow ground ... the grounds of a church ... he blood spill on the altar of God . close on the old man 593 gaze intensely at thorn . bugenhagen each knife must be bury to the hilt ...to the foot of the Christ figure ... plant in this way ... to form the sign of the Cross . angle on thorn 594 shake . bugenhagen ( demonstrate ) the first knife be most important . it extinguish physical life and form the center of the cross . the subsequent placement extinguish spiritual life , and should radiate outward , like this ... a- 22 revised - '' the omen " = 9/26/75 105 angle on both men 595 the cld man glance at thorn ; observe he fearful expression . angle on upset . bugenhagen you must be devoid of sympathy . this be not a human child . thorn what if ... youtre wrong ?... what if he 's not ... bugenhagen make no mistake . thorn be not there some proof ...? bugenhagen he bear a birthmark . a sequence of six . so say the Bible , do @1l the apostle of Satan . thorn 596 thorn no . he do not have it . bugenhagen psalm twelve , verse six , the Book of revelation : ' let he who hath understanding reckon the number of the Beast , for it be @ human number ; its number be six hundred sixty six .! thorn he do not have it , I tell you . bugenhagen he must have it . thorn ( choke on it ) I have bath he . I have study every inch of he . bugenhagen if it 's not visible on the body , you will find it beneath the hair . he be probably bear with a great deal of hair . cont . revised ~ '' the omen " - 9/26/75 106 596 cont . thorn ees yes . yes , ..he be . bugenhagen remove it . I be sure you will find it hide there . angle on thorn a-596 shake : near tear . thorn «+ the woman ... bugenhagen she be a apostate of Hell . she will die before permit this . they fall to silence : thorn 's eye be tear with grief ... as footstep be heard ... jenning enter from the darken corridor ... a torch hold high ... he face etched with bewllderment . jenning thousands of skeleton ... everywhere . bugenhagen Seven thousand . jenning what happen ? bugenhagen meggido be armageddon . the end of the world . jenning +eeyou mean ... armageddon 's already be ? bugenhagen oh , yes , many time . as it will be again . but the next a final one . angle on thorn 597 holding . cur to ; a-22 a - 22 revised ~ " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 107 ext , the street of jerusalem - day 598 downtown section , construction of new building in progress : crane hefting beam and plate glass across the sky , jackhammers create a din -- camera finding thorn move through crowd ; numbe and unhear , be bump and jostle -- jenning move fast to keep up behind he . jenning ( irritate ) look ... all I want to know be what he say . I have gota right to know . angle on thorn 599 he tooth clench tightly as he continue to walk . jenning thorn ... I want to know whet he say ! angle on jenning 600 feed up ; grab thorn 's arm and turn hin . jenning : look , I be not just some bystander . I be the one who find he ! angle on thorn a - 600 eye glisten : deeply upset . thorn but I be the one ... who 's suppose toeee his voice trail off : unable to go further . jenning suppose to what ? thorn ( blurt 1 % out ) kill hin . angle on jenning b-600 amaze at thorn 's emotion . cont . revised ~ " the omen " - 9/26/75 108 b-600 cont . jenning ( sober ) well what do you think ? why else do we come here ? angle on thorn 601 nold up the cloth - wrap package . thorn {with wonder ) this be knife . wea on he want I to stab want I to murder that childl jenning it 's not a child . thorn how can he know that ? jenning for God 's sake , what kind of proeface thorn for all I know , he 's just some ...' fakir ' peddle he knife . jenning I think you better cool off ... thorn and I be actually listen to he . believe he ! jenning oe thon . oe thorn not I will not do it ! I will not have any part of it ! murder a child ! at kind of a man do you think I aml ? and in a explosion of disgust , he throw the package of knife : the missile hit a wall and rebound into a alley . a-22 a - 22 revised ~ " the omen " ~ 9/26/75 109 angle on jenning 602 @laring into he eye . jenning maybe you will not , but I will as jenning turn ; thorn jenning . angle on jenning 603 stop : turn quickly to thorn . thorn ( fight back tear ) I disassociate myself from all of it . angle on jenning : a~603 glaring at he ; then turn , search for the package of knife -- spot they and move quickly to the blleyece camera tilting up to reveal the arm of a crane 604 see swinging overhead through a narrow passageway to the sky -- a huge pane of glass in its grip ~- which be suddenly let loose , slice downward through the air ... angle on jenning 605 bend over to pick up the package as , in slow motion , the sheet of glass fall with the finality of a guillotine ; catch jenning just above the collar , and neatly sever he head from he body ... before shatter into @ million fly piece . angle on thorn 606 stupefy ; as pedestrian around he begin to scream , run forward from all direction . down shot - p.0.v. of the stop crane a-606 showing crowd gather below and thorn push he way desperately through they in the opposite direction . cur to : revised - " the omen " - 26 , 109-a ext , airplane - night a-606-a int . airplane - night 607 darken : and quiet -- camera panning to thorn : zombile - like , he eye rivete into distant space -- the package of knife on he lap before he . CUT to : ext , thorn home - gate ~ night a- 607 a police car be stop by the gate -- a policeman in it . thorn , drive Kathy 's car drive through gate towards house , we 608 int , thorn home ~ bedroom - night a~608 angle through window we see car headlight approach . we pull back to see Kathy 's picture on dress table in f.g. gur 609 110 angle on kathy' car a-609 thorn seat inside stare at the dark and silent house . after a long pause -- thorn reach over to the package of moment -- he stare at they light only by the moonlight . he rewrap they and exit the car , leave the knife on the seat . CUT to : int . house ~ same 610 vestibule area -- darken -- silent ; as a barely audible SOUND be heard from the front door : the door quietly open as thorn enter . close angle on thorn 611 he eye move upward , up the darken stairwell . angle from he p.0.v. 612 all silent , dark . down angle on thorn - from the top of the stair 613 stand alone in silence , we 614 angle on thorn a~614 as he close the door and he react to the 0.5. sound of a warning growl . we 615 close on thorn 616 his eye fearfully search the darkness . see nothing -- thorn try to quiet he breath , to collect himself before continue on . CUT to : int . thorn home - hall outside damien' bedroom a- 616 - night : the black dog ~- alert at a movement in the house . out 617 cur to : int . entry hall a- 617 as thorn back slowly through the darkness away from the step . or 618 CUT back to : a- 22 revised - " the omen " - 9/26/75 111 int . hallway a- 618 Dog move now slowly in the direction of the sound it have hear . jumping the protective gate in f.g. we 619 CUT to : int . entry hall a- 619 thorn definitely establish in he mind that the dog be come down the stair towards he . we 620 cur to : int . stairway a- 620 Dog slowly make its way down the step -- a low growl -- tooth bare . we 621 cuT to : hallway at kitchen door a-621 thorn entering kitchen and as he exit frame -- dog appear at foot of step and sense thorn 's exit -- rush towards the kitchen door . we 622 cur 0 : int , kitchen a-622 where thorn have raise the trapdoor to the cellar and be stand before it -- he arm brace on the railing at either side : he face tense , fearful as the dog be hear pad toward ... angle on the dog b-622 spot he and move directly in front of he : poise for attack just ten foot away . angle on thorn c-622 paralyze with fear . : thorn ( voice tremble ) come on , boy ... come on ... aw 22 revised - '' the omen " - 9/26/75 111-a angle on the dog d-622 as @ gurgle suddenly rise in he throat , and he lunge . angle on thorn e-622 in a explosion of strength raise himself on the bar , as the dog be catch in mid-leap head into the darken abyss behind thorn -- swish panning to thorn as he foot come dow on the trapdoor , resoundingly slamming it shut : the dog safely beneath the floor . - . | close on thorn F - 622 tremble -- as we hear the Dog 's frantic cry to get out . CUT to : a- 22 112 int . locked cellar passage G -622 as we see the dog frantically try to get out . cur to : int . pantry - staircase 623 light by a bare bulb ~- as thorn move upward : he eye determine , CUT to : int . master bedroom 62k as the light snap on : revealing thorn as he gaze at the empty double bed -- slowly crossing to it where he sit heavily -- he eye fall on a small frame photograph on the night table . . he p.o.v . - on the photo of kathy 625 CUT to : int . dressing room a - 625 as thorn enter and cross to sink and dress area. we 626 - — 627 tilting down to a close angle - on thorn' hand 628 as it open a drawer , rummage through , then move on to another , another close angle on a drawer 629 as it open , and thorn 's hand find what they be look for . it be a electric razor . angle on thorn 630 as he lift it : briefly snap it on to see if it work -- suddenly freezing as he hear a creaking SOUND seem to come from overhead . it stop . ' thorn barely breathe as he continue to listen in the silence . another angle on thorn 631 unnerve : perspiration form on he tense upper lip : as he subtly steel himself -- and move out of the bath / dress room . int . corridor 632 darken , thornt silhouette be see move stealthily along the wall -- stop at a door -- carefully crack it open . 113 close angle on he face 633 . CUT to : int . damten' room a-633 damien asleep in bed -~ light by firelight . we 634 - — 635 thorn 636 step in to damien 's room and close the door behind he : stand stiffly against it , gaze across the room towards he son . close angle on thorn' face 637 taut , he skin glaze with perspiration -- as he take a! breath and move slowly towards Mrs. baylock 's open door . CUT to : thorn' p,o.v , - of mrs . baylock a-637 light by firelight sound asleep . thorn slowly , silently , carefully close Mrs. baylock 's door . close angle on the sieeping child face 638 camera tilting upward to thorn bend over he ; raise the shaver and click it on ... close angle on the child 639 continue to sleep , as the razor move slowly , lay bare he scalp , patch of he beautiful dark hair , fall aside to the pillow . close angle on thorn 640 tremble as he work . close angle on the child head 641 as more hair come off ... close angle on the child face 6he he eye beginning to flutter , head turn , a oncoming wakefulness . angle on thorn 643 he hand move faster , mouth grimace in fear , a - 22 214 angle on the , child 644 awaken and try to raise he head : thorn 's hand come down on it and push it to the pillow : the boy become panicky , beginning to struggle ... angle on thorn 645 strain to hold he down ... close angle on the razor 646 revealing more bare scalp . close . angle on the child «+ 647 try to cry out , thorn push he face into the pillow ... close angle on thorn '' 648 moan with strain and revulsion ... he eye suddenly grow wide ... tear come to they . angle on the child scalp 64g as a patch of hair fall away ... suddenly revealing a small , scar- like birthmark : a cluster of " 6's , " the texture of scab in a clover - leaf pattern . swish panning to : the bedroom door as it suddenly burst open : camera zooming on the face of Mrs. baylock , she reddene lip stretch wide to emit a unearthly cry of rage . angle on thorn 650 terrify ; grab the child from he bed and try to run ... as the gargantuan woman huris herself through the eir , landing squarely upon he , thorn crash beneath she to the ground . another angle 651 as they grapple , she hand digging deep into thorn 's eye and face ... thorn' p.o.v . - upward 652 at she grotesque white face : tooth bare as she fight to hold he ... tilting to thorn 's hand grapple upward ... find a lamp ... which he raise sharply , crash it down into she skull ; the woman shudder ... reeling to the side ... another angle 653 as thorn regains he foot : manage to slip through she giinge hand , and make it to the door , the child still in S arm . 115 int . cellar a653 the dog , in a panic , racing back and forth from the window to the goor try with no success to jump high enough towards @ window , CUT to : int . kitchen statrwell 654 as thorn half - fall downward , the child shriek and claw he face , manage to grab hold to a hang bare light bulb and cling to it as thorn struggle to pull he free : both suddenly jarre by a jolt of electricity that knock then over -- both tumble downward , cur to : up angle on the stair 655 as they tumble downward onto the kitchen floor -- the boy unconscious , thorn stunne , gaze around and try to regain he bearing .- CUT to : top of stair a~655 as Mrs. baylock suddenly appear , mrs , baylock b-655 reeling downward , she head a fountain of blood as she stagger down , manage to grab thorn as he dizzily reach for the child -- she hand catch he coat and spin he , he desperately pull at drawer that fly out in he grip , they content spilling upon the floor -- as he , too , fall , the woman again fall upon he : she bloody hand find and digging into he throat . panning to angle on thorn , he eye bulg as he fight , try to wrest the woman 's hand away . . panning to the floor around they litter with utensil : thorn 's hand stretch desperately outward and grab a pair of fork . up . angle on mrs . baylock's face 656 as thorn 's hand suddenly streak into frame from either side , plant the fork deep into she temple -- the woman wail and rise -- staggering about the room , able to pull only one out , the other still imbed in she head between the bone and the skin , CUT to : cellar a - 656 dog howling with rage ... attack cellar door . thorn 657 again grab the child , and staggering out the door . cur to : ax22 126 cellar a-657 dog howling with rage -- make a desperate lunge at the window above he . cuUT to : ext . house - night b-657 cellar window as dog smashes through -- a almost inhuman sound . cur to : ext , house ~ night c-657 thorn just put damien in car . , cut to : dog streaking through night d-657 cur to : thorn e-657 about to enter he car as he turn , panic on he face as he see -= hurtle at he . cur to : the dog F -657 close ground on thorn . CUT to : thorn g-657 as he throw himself in the car . we 658 cur to : the dog 659 streaking upward from the darkness , its tooth bare as it leap from the ground , fly through the air . . camera following its blurred flight as it hit thorn , just a moment too late ; grab he shoulder through a narrow open in the car door ; thorn fight to close it , bang the dog 's muzzle until blood flow and , howling in pain , the dog release , the door slamm shut . angle inside the car 660 as thorn fumble for the key , the dog go wild outside , leaping upon the hood and fling himself against the wind - shield with tremendous force , the glass shudder with each pact . 117 angle on thorn' hand 661 fumble with the key : the key fall from the ignition . thorn 's hand grop desperately for they on the floor -- revealing a finely make leather tool kit -- part of the cart interior . angle on the child 662 unconscious : beginning to moan . angle on the dog's face 663 wild hurl himself at the now -- cracking windshield . angle on thorn' hand 664 find the key and lift they upward -- tilting to he face as he glance up : cry out in fear -- as we : swish pan to : the driver' side of the windshield a-664 smasbed by a garden tool hold by Mrs. baylock , near death . angle on thorn b-664 shower and cut by fly glass , angle on thorn be 's hand 665 turn the ignition , the car start . angle on mrs , baylock a-665 fall back as she strength fail and the dog 's head appear in the break windshield and try to force he head through . angle on thorn 666 he face bloody , strain backward as the dog 's tooth snap close to he : the animal force its body further inward as thorn reach to the floor of the car an@ find a blanket robe -~ with one hand he force the robe into the dog 's mouth , close angle on thorn' hand 667 fumble with a leather - bound tool kit . angle on the Dog 's head 668 as thorn 's hand enter the frame and smashes the screwdriver directly between he eye . thorn 's hand strain to push it right down to the hilt : the animal 's mouth fly open , the blanket fall free as it emit a yroar of pain , more like a leopard than a dog . 118 angle outside the car 669 as the writhe animal slip off the hood -- try with its paw to pull at the screwdriver , scream so loud that the very ground seem to shake -- as the car finally begin to pull forward , . angle inside the car - close on thorn' face 670 as , beside he , we see Mrs , baylock staggering alongside the car , bang futilely on the window , plead as she run alongside . mrs . baylock ( sobbing ) my baby ... my baby . ext , the car 671 as it speed around the parking area statuary . angle inside the car - close on thorn' face 672 as he negotiate the sharp turn . ext . car - 673 as Mrs. baylock cut across the drive -- a mass of blood and tear clothing : catch in the headlight , hold up she arm as the car speed toward she . angle on thorn 674 gritting he tooth . angle on the woman 675 as the car squarely make contact : she body throw onto the hood , she face almost enter the hole in the windshield . int . CUT thorn a-675 and the now dead Mrs. baylock 's face directly in front of hin . ext , car b-675 as thorn accelerate and we see Mrs. baylock 's body drive up , over the top of the car to fall in the road behind thorn 's depart car . camera panning back toward the house 676 to reveal the two body : the woman , a mountain of flesh , grotesquely twisted in the driveway ; the dog on the lawn , silently convulse , illuminate only by the moon . cur to : 119 ext , thorn house - gate a-676 as thorn 's car , windshield break , come scream out of the gate and down the road panning to reveal the Bobby in he car reacting and grab he radio phone . bobby ( proper dialogue to be add ) and then give chase . CUT to : int . thorn be car ~ same 677 thorn moan with each breath : he foot push to the floor as the car speed through the night -- the child beside hin , beginning to move and moan , ext . / int , the car - thorn and damien 678 & blur as it speed through the country ; its tire squealing around turn ( four montage cut ) , ext , SMALL town - night a- 678 Police car with two uniform bobby in front and one detective in back -- as they react and acknowledge ( with proper dialogue ) the fact that they be take up the pursuit . int . thorn be car - close on thorn' face 679 as he fearfully glance beside he ~~ panning to the child , as he eye slowly begin to open . ext . church - same 680 a large Catholic church , its door close ... , the stain glass above the door casting multicolor light -- as thorn 's car speed to the front of it , screeching to a stop . int . the car 681 8s thorn reach for the child : the boy' eye suddenly focus : he face register a rush of fear . thorn ( grab he ) do not look at I . cont. 120 681 cont. but the child 's eye widen : thorn 's lock into they -- both paralyze with fear . thorn ( beginning to cry ) please -- please -- do not look at I -- and outside , a sudden wind begin howling around the car ; debris and dust fly everywhere <-- ext , roundabout - or intersection - night a~681 as the second police car with the three officer , light and siren work -- as - it fall in behind the original police car ( from thorn 's howe ) . int . thorn be car - angle on the child 682 beginning to moan with fear . angle on thorn a - 682 grab the bag of knife and put it in he coat . angle on thorn 683 suddenly push open the door , pull the child across the seat : the boy beginning to kick and scream , propelling thorn backwards out the door ; both sprawling onto the street . another angle 684 as the child attempt to run : thorn desperately catch he py he pajama top and bring he down hard to the pavement , as over head a jarring explosion of thunder rip through the sky , jag edge of lightning knife downward . close angle on the child 685 he face bloody , cry , as he rolis over and over , attempt to escape thorn 's grip ... angle into the sky 686 as another bolt of lightning rip downward , its thunderclap send a torrent of rain ... down angle on thorn 687 still struggle with the child : grab he up , then lose he . , .manage . to catch he again ... a- 22 121 another angle on thorn 688 his face a mask of terror as he clutches the fight child close to he chest , head toward the church stair -- a strong wind suddenly meeting he head on and impede he progress -- as far in the @istance we hear siren ... come gradually closer . angle on thorn' face 689 open-mouthed as he push forward with superhuman effort , the child struggle but straitjacketed in he grip ... swish pan to : ext . the STREET 690 as we hear the siren grow iouder ... flash light visible at a distance , .. quickly come closer , angle on the church 691 as , through the downpour rain , thorn 's figure can be see move closer ; the siren become louder . angle on the child 692 hysterical , kick and scream , slip from thorn 's @rip -- thorn fall to he knee as he struggle to hold onto he : the siren reaching there apex and stop . another angle on the child 693 fight hard : bite , claw thorn 's face to shred ... thern blindly hang on : desperately reach into he coat and pull at the cloth sack within . angle on the two police car a-693 screeching to a stop , one policeman yell . policeman ( shouting ) hold up there -- what 's go on ?? angle on the child eye 694 go wide , he mouth stretch open into a terrify scream . angle on a stiletto 695 move upward in thorn 's grip . angle on four policemen 696 the detective reach inside he coat and remove & canvas holster gun and scream : detective hold it . do not move . a- 22 122 angle on thorn' face 697 maniacally contort as he raise he hand high , push the child to he back on the ground . policeman stop 1t ! I '11 shoot ! angle on the knife 698 poise for @ moment in the air : thorn 's mouth stretch open into a agonize scream ... as the knife suddenly streak downward : a shot ringing out in the night . suddenly everything stop . long angle on the church 699 like a tableau through the haze of downpour rain ; thorn sit stiffly on the church stair : the child stretch out on he lap : both immobile ; illuminate by a shaft of light pour from the window of the church . the police car in f.g. as the four officer move forward . everything hold . cur to : ext . highway - UNITED states - day ( stock ) 700 as a long funeral procession , perhaps a hundred limousine , with headlight on , move slowly away from JFK Airport -- and onto the highway ... ext , cemetery ~ limousine visible in b.g . - long 702 angle - day on the burial in progress : a hundred or so mourner gather around the site : a Priest 's voice be heard , distant , deliver a graveside eulogy . angle on a group of photographer 702 hold back at the gate : some take picture with long - distance lense , other wait for a better chance . closer angle on the funeral 703 show the Priest 's face through the head of mourner as he solemnly speak . priest +.- the son of a great man , .- bear into wealth and security ... every earthly benefit a human be could possibly have . but in this example , we see that earthly benefit be not enough ... a- 22 revised ~ '' the omen " — 9/26/75 123 hogh angle on the funeral tou panning to the reporter , milling about the car . closer on two reporter 705 exchange a nod , sit on the hood of a limousine . photographer 1 «.. weird one , huh ? photographer 2 what 's so weird ? not the first time people have be attack in the street , reporter 1 ( dubious ) no suspect , .. no witness ... sound ike something 's be hushed up , to I . angle on reporter 2 706 a philosophical shrug . reporter 2 nothin ' weird about that , either . that 's the way it go this day , '' close on the funeral 707 camera slowly moving in through the crowd to reveal a man and woman : extremely dignify -- the woman 's face cover with a black veil , a child hold firmly in she arm . camera continue to tighten 708 until we can make out the face of the child . it be thorn 's child : damien , look beautiful and restore , wear a heavy bandage on he arm -- he face calm and placid as he gaze down at the grave . . close on two casket 709 be lower , side by side . close on the child 710 watch , angle on the priest 711 finish he sermon : hand raise high . priest -eeand to the child , damien thorn ... the only survivor of this terrible misfortune ... may God bestow his bless and grace ... may Christ bestow his eternal love . cont. rey 711 cont. overhead there be a faint rumble of thunder -- the crowd slowly beginning to disperse . angle on just one couple 712 linger by the grave : the dignify man and he wife , stand stoically -- the child hold in she arm . another angle 713 as two conservatively dress men approach they , stand protectively , on either side . man no.2 Mr. President ? you car be this way . in response , a hand be raise , indicate he want more time . long , high angle on the group 714 leave alone at the grave : damien in the custody of he new parent -- flanke by secret service man on either side . again , there come a rumble of thunder . fade out the end