e3 a ted written by production White - July 2 , 2009 Blue draft - July 14 , 2009 ois the property of summit entertainment and be lise only by authorize personnel . distribution of -' this material to unauthorize person be prohibit . copying , or reproduction of this material in any form or ig whole or in part , be strictly prohibit . mit entertainment , LLC ts reserved Al tse ~ blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) eclipse fade in : ext . seattle - aerial shot approaching the CITY - night ext . pike place market , seattle - nigiit ( 1 year AG ! rain come down in sheet , slapping the cobblestone , Bright light from the surround bar , refle stone . the dull thud of rock music waft gout , open ~ the music briefly blast out as a yé6i its -- -- he be riley , 22 , genial , handsome , a un full of promise . he pause under the awn ? face the rain . he sling a messenger ' baover laden with thick school text . he es to : the window before head into the d npour 's bella ( V . '' some say the world some say in ice -- suddenly , a shadow fly ae speed . riley pause ... t be 's unnerve , he speed he step , about to round ser but suddenly -- something leap over he , kno q he backward to the ground ! it move so fast we , again , see only a brief shadow . riley panic now -- who 's " no response . poy in a different direction -- yet another stre ! ey run , beeline toward the end of the streetwat 's stand a apartment build with a brightly lig 's tobby and a security guard , safety -- a he by the neck and sling he into a e°it crack . riley drop . the shadow will not ify anew by this creature 's strength . he 90 k bag and stagger off , run for he life erent street . he look over he shoulder , desperate -- ley find himself on the desert boardwalk . Beyond weall , black water . a dead end , tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) he turn , realize he 's utterly alone . he 's be herde here . he search the darkness for whatever 's chase h . riley what do you want ?! why be you -- ? ~ -- the shadow dart past he ; riley yank he hand riley -- oh GOD ! his confusion and terror turn to agon 's bite crawl up he arm . riley drop ei kneegy crying ouT in pain . then fall , writhe as t pread throughout he body , change he , ki humanity . his torture cry go unheard as wi in the crescent moon on he hand , over which we H. '' ...« from wh. of desire , ox fire . but match CUT - bella 's forear in her crescent moon scar ~- whiter than she already pale skin . edward 's lip move into frame , kissing the , scar . include -- ext . meadow - day ( desenttppy ) 3 ~-- bella and edward , tie in the grass . Bella read aloud from a book of R bertmfrost poetry .. bella '' ihgbhink I know enough of hate to '' Gay , that , for destruction , ice be also oul fat , and would suffice . Edward céasingivpulis she book away , move to kiss she . bella English final . gotta focus . gris , kiss she anyway . the SUN briefly come out a kihd cloud , cause Edward 's skin to sparkle , make $ 8 appear magical . he pull away , smile ... edward marry I . tse - blue draf '' ( 7/14/03 ) she laugh . it 's not the first - nor fiftieth - time he 's ask . this be clearly a game between they . bella no . he kiss she face -- edward marry I . bella Change I . kiss she neck --~ edward where I come , it 's the '' I love you " . she affectionately push he awa 's he 's suddenly right in front of the - we do not see he move . he playfully grab she stlff from she -- d that two out of three end in divorce . . edward '' divorce rate amongst immortal be uch ? lower , wee apart , the game lace with they attraction . edward ( cont 'd ) marry I . bella not yet . ( then ) it 's almost four . I be suppose to come straight home from school . * tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) he pull she close . kiss she . edward you will be on time . I will not give you father another reason to hate I . as he easily sling she around onto he back -~ 4 int , bella' house - day start on chief charlie swan , still in unifgam the station . his brow be furrow with concé the Seattle Times -- insert headline ~- '' murder , disappea : e work of serial killer ... '' etc . - just as the x book bag . the article worry he , he check front door open . Bella enter , throw Charlie be look at he watch . charlie four o'clock 9 ; a stop watch his name i : ward . and now he 's too punctual for -- as she start toward the st . be . & esr wait a\sec , ii 1 you ? sit down . she pause , then se [ charlie yqu , undeystand why you be be aqpuntgne , right ? Three day . no word . come back on Edward 's arm like ling happen -- a chair , sit . he face she . bella yes . I be sorry . but Edward 's in my vife . that will not change . charlie I be get that . so I will make a deal with you . no more be ground ... if you use you new freedom to see you other friend , too ... like Jacob . darken ; a painful subject . Charlie note this . tse ~ blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) charlie what ? Edward can not handle a little competition ? bella there be no competition . charlie well , I be sure Jake would rather be '' just friend '' than nothing at ally '' bella ( rise ) charlie his dad 's worried about , Jake 's have a really * Bella stop . this hurt she to hear charlie I remember whe. hat need a friefd 's i jak nother try a he might be gwort int . bella nos bedroom ~ day : Bella open she desk drawer a it 's wear , have be read many 's insert ~- the handwri incnote . several sentence have be cross out . only a lin at the bottom be legible . it read : '' I miss you , doesn ' t change anything . " ulil out a fold note . ime . she unfold it —- off Bella , deeply but decide something ... she take out hi nable , desirable , hip nokia phone ;) and hold down ret ( speed dial ) . the work '' Jake '' come up on the sdéré no possibly ? a shot of he happy , in former dayd ) ( maybe before he cut he hair ) . straight to the house , head to she truck , climb in -~ 's the key - nothing . she try again . it 's dead . a slight gust of wind - suddenly , Edward be sit she . she jump , catch she breath . ee of tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) edward you frighten me.t {off Bella 's look ) decide to go down to the reservation . bella how would you -- ? Alice have a vision . his guilty face be she answer . he try to mar it . edward I be afraid my study have n extend to fix carsg , disable they . I ' 11 sen around in the morning bella Jacob could fix that he hand . Edward seem unprovoke by '' ; the wolf themselves he will hate I for 1 be it . op om , edward @ , you have to understand . you everything to I . bella I will be safe . the pgr jicted , he look down with regret , resignation . edward I '' sorry . ks at he . then get angry , force open she door -- 10 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) ext . bellan house ( continuous ) - night ~- Bella climb out , slam the truck door . Edward appe a * next to she . ae edward ( beat , tear ) I want you to be happy ... ( quietly ) but alive be more important . & es house . he reat ! frustrate , she push past he and head to appear on the stair before she reach they edward I will understand if you 's rent oo angry for I to come to yoursroom tonight . just close the window . int . bella' bedroom - night 9 on the OPEN window - Bella close it . beat . another beat . then she unlog ! open it a bit . look at it . open it as wed int . fork high school - ay 10 Bella and Edward sit with angela , eric , mike , and jessica . Edward and Bella be on the e aslightly apart . Angela be busy address a pile of note card envelope . Mike write what he 's say on a al pad -- student . we be the fut , '' oe , thing be possible if we 4 evé , blah , blah , blah -- jessica this will be my speech . if I people to throw they diploma at toss it at he . mike ya gotta embrace the clich , jess . eric they be the bread and butter of all valedictorian . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) angela this be why you be not valedictorian . eric I choose to exit the political arena to spend more time with my family . bella jess do not need clich . gonna rock that speech . she 's jessica rock ? it will change life . alice and jasper have abruptly appear food they will not eat . as they sit -- alice jasper after all , how manyéti graduate high - Edward stifles a smile . a party ? at jessica whoa . @ never see you house . 8 prec no sit see they house . ward ya party , Alice ? alice be fun . bella ''s what you say last time . * ce freeze , she eye glaze over . she 's ion . Mike have n;t notice yet . mike well , cool , that 's really uh ... normal of you . what time ? ( nothing from Alice ) dress code ? ( still nothing ) bring anything ? cheeto ? il tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) a beat as Alice still look into the distance . awkward . Bella look at Edward , concerned . Edward shrug it off nothign to worry about . edward wake up , Alice . jasper she have not be get much sleep lately . senior jitter . oy , this sound weird and weirdly fluent come '' £xém jas} it serve to break the moment . int . sheriff' station - evening Bella and Edward enter . Charlie be ] talk with a middle - age couple , do face be etched with grief and worry 's bdward st wobyie that everyone would strange Alice be . '' bella at ship sail a long time ee ae Charlie look '' upeat Bella and Edward and subtly gesture for they to ke distance . it could be interprete as hostile 3 bella '' he ' 1ll get over it someday . do not worry . edward no , that 's not what 's bother he . that people . they son have go miss . can read they feeling on Edward 's face . 12 tse ~ blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 10 . bella do you know something about this ? edward ( nod ) Seattle . unexplain disappearance killing - we nve be tracking it of a while . bella really ? you think ... edward ( nod ) we kind generally stic . who will not be miss . 0 quickly . but whoever 's be not play by the be bella you say - if vampi conspicuously , the ve : tep in -~ ( off he 2 he turn to she , strong , 3 we will n not let it ge that far . we will protect you , whatever it take . harlie ( 0.s. ) you iy 3 ? -- as Charlie ap off Bella watch the anguish bier exit ... a gt charlie '' to the bier ) igen if I hear anything at all . sut agpiéture into he case . it 's riley , from the be station - evening 12 * , flanke by Charlie and Edward . there 's le fension between the two man . charlie it be just we two for dinner , right ? tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) bella dad ~~ edward I be just drop Bella off , sir. {to Bella ) I will see you tomorrow . ( head off , then stop ) oh . Bella , my parent want I to remind you about that airline ticke : they give you for you last charlie what airline ticket ? bella charlie that be ... generou : I can not just deeplgveryth and go . edward it cou fy we last chance to visit with graduate . this land with charlie not hurt you to get away for a nena . get some time away . bella wo@hld like to see Mom . maybe I will ( to Edward ) tf you will use the companion ticket . charlie wait , there be two ticket ? on ’bella 's face - illuminate by bright sunlight ~~ neens beach bungalow , florida - day 13 ila 's face be turn upward to soak in the warm SUN . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 12 . renee ( 0.s. ) be not you go to miss this ?... include she mother , renee . they lie in chaise lounge push tightly together on the deck of this funky bunga renee .. the warmth on you skin . the vitamin D soaking into you pore . bella I will . renee college in Florida be {off Bella 's look ) & what ? in 1ll never see} % uu go to University of Alaska . 's she take elet on she wrist , sun . which be the point . guilt wash oye Renee 's hand , absently play with she try to soak up she mother as myeh they have a. lence 's program . ag if by science program . gram you mean Edward rene nudge Bella who mile , look inside the house -- 14 bellan Pov - int . wen bungalow - through window 14 Edward sit in a offer a small with with phil , who 15 back to '' et Renee squeeze '' pair with a clear view of Bella . he ensturn back to he conversation be back on the couch . 15 and a beat , then glance back at Edward . renee weathe way he watch you . it 's like ... '' sue 's ready to leap in front of you and take a bullet or something . bella «+ . and that 's a bad thing ? renee it 's ... a intense thing . and you , you be ... different with he . if he move , you move - like magnet . tse - blue drapt ( 7/14/09 ) 13. bella we be just , you know ... renee in love , I get it . I just want to make sure you be make the right choice for you . ' Cause you be the one who have to live with they . Bella take this in - she choice much bigger thanen geographical location . Renee see she fac clo 9 oo renee alright , enough with the heay - she reach under chaise and pull up a renee ~- happy graduation ! she set the box on Bella 's lap . bella , ; Mom , I ask jot . tole ! the you money -- ay -- I do not. wear . Bella open the box - to find a 8 uilt . as she unfold it , realize what it be , emgtion well up -- tst enee . ehey have make a nice quilt . to be of the quilt be cut from t-shirt reveal tha i oadside attraction from around the buy at emember that one ? from ensanada -~ bella saul 's snake farm and Taqueria ~- renee God know what be in that taco . 16 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 14 . bella ( be : another patch ) the three rhead lobster in Maine ! thing give you nightmare ~- renee but you be all , " wow , cool ! '' already the science geek at ten . they laugh together , remember they past . bella this be amazing , Mom . renee we will add to it when yo we will take they to th catsup bottle . and thé art museum ... Renee wrap the quilt around Bell renee I do not want without I Bella suddenly hug she a or the last time , and perhaps it will be . bella of miss you . so much . Renee 's a little sun ise by Bella 's emotionalism , but hug we she back . off the ~ . 16 S glaze over , intently watch 5 * the wood be all mist and shadow - previous bright scene . ext . forest - N start on alice something ingd a stark contras bes include emme : then jasper . then the other cullen , 1 esmegand rosalie . they be spread out , still as Ltd for Alice , ready to spring -~ jasper you be sure this be where you see she ? alice she 's almost here ... tse — blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 17 another part of the forest close on a pair of female feet in boot running in the wet mud . but they falter , slow to a stop ... pan upa include none other than victoria ! she inhale ... somethi smell wrong . she abruptly bolt in another direct . back on alice ~ she spin to emmett —-- alice on you leave ! emmett explode to he leave , rosalie right beh jasper and carlisle go wide , look to co 1 esme and Alice follow up the rear ees , tense but '' opshe reach -- a ravine - she do not break stride se across it -- intercut with Victoria racing throu fh pes not afraid . escape be what she 's for J wait ! mene - three giant wolve leap up the chase after Victoria . the ( SAM - wolf ) . on the other side 0 onto the scene and leader be black , the wolf and the cullen keep ravine , which we realize be the line ritory . Victoria leap back over -- a parallel chas to they side hold of her shoulder and hair ! they roll head ex - Victoria use the momentum to she advantage fling emmett off and over she into a tree . the split second he 's down to leap back over to and and keep run . emmett be piss -- esme emmett , do not ! ~~ 18 19 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 16 . -- but emmett , see red , fly over the ravine -- the second he foot hit the other side -- paul - wolf turn to face he . there 's a moment of standoff . it would be simple enoug ! emmett to defuse the situation by jump back -~- b not he style . Paul growls with bravado . that ju emmett smile . ee * angle on victoria , at a safe distance now . back , surprised to see what 's happen . conflict with curiosity , she mind work . & > of * Paul and emmet . charge each other . bam ! yard in the dirt . ( alternately , for they cacophonous , sumo -esque impact ) . 18 19 she face . Edward bella great see mom . just ... ptly he look up ; stiffen . hear something . bella what ? edward would you stay in the car if I ask you to ? tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) she look at he , concerned , then pull open she door ~~ edward of course not . 20 ext . school parking lot ( continuous ) - day Bella and Edward emerge from the volvo to see Jacob , clim off he motorcycle and stride toward they . he wea : sua t black T-shirt , grease -stain jeans . no jacke mm . his hard expression cause other student 2 berth . he look almost dangerous . but Bella dé bella Jake ! -- Edward subtly , protectively pull be student watch from a distance , out of earshot 's jacob Charlie say you lef 6 . sure you be still human . jacob read my mind ? enjoy . dacob concentrate somet ling , and suddenly Edward seem to be distress . aking a walk down memory lane . edward remind I . of what it be ke for you when I go away . bella Jacob . please . a a breath to calm himself . then face Edward . jacob I be here to warn you ~ if you kind come on we land again -- tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 18 . bella wait , what ? jacob ( realize , to Edward ) you do not tell she . edward leave it alone , Jacob . angle on alice and jasper -- who gracefully and swiftly climb from thei themselves in proximity , just in case . angle on mike , eric , jessica and ange : -- who watch the going on . Angela ar a fight ; the other seem more intrigue by on back on edward , jacob and bella be . tell I . I d misunderstanding d Paul . nothing to * there be a%gt between emmet worry about . jacob & 8 to you . slick . do you out of town , too ? jacob right to know . she 's the bella oria 's back . sox ( spin on Edward ) Alice 's vision - it be not about jasper , be it ? it be Victoria -- edward I be try to protect you ~~ bella by lie to I ? 21 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) he can not respond . there be no word to express he concern and trustration . a beat ... then she turn —- bella Jake , wait up -- Edward 's hand be on she arm so fast she 's barely m turn to he with control anger . bella Edward , you have to trust I . edward ido . it 's he I do not ae Bella just look at Edward ; strong , seep to acquiesce . finally , he vetease | climb on the back of he bike . ndent a to about shy jog to Jacob . cindy , jacob ( for Edward 's hold on tight . we be just SF lose the gri take a y , de . he kick -start the bike , thé back . Edward watch they go ars off with Bella on the ea for he apprehension -- * ext , LA push ~ emily ‘s use ~ day 21 Jacob pull up ; he a climb off the bike . bella hink this be a good idea . iow , '' vampire girl '' . but the fron bur ts open and jare , paul , embry & quil pile out , orev e@ last of a meal down they throat , Bella ten se th gruch to she surprise and relief , embry smile when not soy ? se. she . embry a look who 's back . quil whatup , Bella ? bella quil -- you too ? tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 20 . quil ( sigh ) yeah . I too . glad you nre here . we will finally get a break from Jake 's obsessive inner monologue -- paul ( mimick Jacob ) '' I wish Bella would call -- '' jare " I wish Bella would not call - embry '' maybe I should call be jacob you can ail shut up no quil '' maybe I should cal {to Bella I be look for suggestion ? yee ugh , push each other , roughhouse . Bella smile as se behind they a slendéx leah clearwater , scowl . leah see ixvl with cropped black hair exit , & would be gorgeous if not for she ia the scowl deepen . jacob taygthis be leah Clearwater . 's daughter . bella + so sorry about you father . my dad really miss he . leah if you be here to torture Jacob some more , feel free to leave . aken aback . Jacob shoot leah a angry look ; she 's vious . as SAM and emily exit , leah abruptly move off . jacob fun , be not she ? 22 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 21 . Emily give Bella a hug . Sam offer a pleasant nod hello . emily Bella . I be wonder when we would see you face around here again . jacob so ? SAM we be good . she will not be gettin through we line anytime soon the guy ad lib macho challenge as they the forest 's edge . Sam turn to emil to into she eye . they connection be deéy gently kiss she , Bella politely look . bella 's Pov - on leah -- at the edge of the wood . leal 's at Sam and Emily 's kiss , then abruptly fall orfarsee before she hand hit the ground , they become paw ! * ' leah now a light grey wolf disappear into the with $ off\betia 's surprise ... ext . jacob be house - dayg Jacob and Bella climb off th toward the garage as -- ike , and start wheeling it bella .. you know ~- jacob she dad die . her , also phase . he 's only one of the youngest we have keep he home study , but chomping at the bit . wish leah who no stay home . bella t be such a guy . jacob it 's not a chick thing . it 's a love triangle thing . we ali have to live the leah - Sam - Emily pain -fest . Wolf telepathy , remember ? bella Sam ... dumped leah for Emily ? 22 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 22 . jacob it be not like that . Sam hate himself for hurt leah , but ... Emily be the one . bella yeah , I guess sometimes it choose y Jacob know she 's talk about Edward , will not go th jacob it 's more than some crush . imprint on Emily . bella «+ '' do I want to know wh jacob ( bitterly ) just one more thing over . even we dam choose for we . tha bloodsuck b ; i come on , you this on they . I sure as hell if we be not wolf , we wouldn imprint . and we would not , be wolf if the damn vampir a d stay away . but they keep minute : aek . jacob ose everything . we life , we mire , we free will -- you know ay imprint on someone . Claire . 's two year old . bella um ... that 's just creepy . jacob you do not get it . there 's nothing romantic about it . it 's ... a spiritual thing . all the same , quil will not even date anyone for two decade . until Claire catch up to he , tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) bella ( beat ) still a little creepy . jacob ( laugh ) still not get it . he continue on in to the garage . she follow -- 23 int . jacob be garage ( continuous ) - day af ue Jacob and Bella enter . Jacob roll the bike toe she note she old motorcycle in the corne jacob it 's like , when you 's jacob s+ + everything change 1 it 's not gravity . holdis yeu to the planet anymor éy " sit 's hex '' ( very ose jbo Bella now ) nothing el . EL you would do thing . for she . she 's afraid to ask , but ... bella . imprint on someone ? he weigh d question - the truth versus what he wish be she wait , emotion conflict . finally , regret in he voice -- jacob ou would know it if I have . I just have a direct line to Sam and quil 's thought . sh ved . and confuse at she relief . he pick up a ghten something on he bike as ~- bella so for now , you be still you . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 24 . jacob and you be still you . bella yeah . ( hesitates ; then ) until after graduation -- jacob ( anger abruptly flash ) graduation ? bella Jake , I tell you it be goi : happen -- jacob not in a month . not ee you nve even live ! be he garage . hear it smash into the wall -~ ib -- for a se think - ~~ he abruptly throws he wrench '' ust _a second I got{his hook in id not just say that . he 's too take it back . she head for the door . . bella '' Edward be right , this be a bad idea . jacob Bella , I do not want -- please . , turn back to he , he try to calm himself . jacob I all -- I be gonna try not to think about -~ I -- man . ( more ) 24 25 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) < jacob ( cont 'd ) ( take another breath ) I be sorry , I should not have say that . it take a long beat for she to recover from the hurt fug comment . finally , she nod . she move to she dusty motorcycle , brushes off the seat . bella we should stick to safer subject . like ... motorcycle . jacob ee only thing safe about you on a motorcycle be when you ne . she smile , as do he . the tension sty int . bella' bedroom - night 24 close on bella' dreamcatcher as frame , turn it . include the man the room , touch she stuff . set they down just a 1i finally , he hand fall blouse drape over a chair . as he bring it to he nose in ji see he face ~~ it 's riley ! pale white , chisele oo blood red . a vampire . he inhale Bella 's scent then stuff it into he jacket and exit she room . we fo W he down the stair and into -~ int . bella' house room ( continuous ) - night 25 e riley soundlessly _ <¢ of find Charlie asleep on the couch . he 's in aint case file spread out , some of it rest on he el est . iley lean over he , sees a photo of i i ' i ile ) , and a newspaper article -- rial murder rise in seattle d , take in the news and he own file , unaware of the danger just inch away ... sually at Charlie 's holster . silently , * oothly , remove he gun . stare right down the there 's a bullet . * * * point the gun at Charlie 's head . smile . this could low far can he pull the trigger without it go he squeeze -- the hammer go back -- * * riley notice the picture on Charlie 's chest ... he * no , human self . reaches out to it . 26 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/03 ) int . bella' house - live rcom - night Bella come in the front door . the live room be empt quiet . eerily so . suddenly -- charlie ( 0.s. ) Edward could at least respect meal to Bella turn , startle . Charlie lean in the kitch doorway , indicate he watch . bella actually , I be with Jake . charlie ( pleased ) good . that 's good . it be , head sfy smile . there 's a knock on the door . Charlie back into the kitchen with a small charlie in ll just give Bella gird herself . the or to find Edward . les . his face alarmed . bella I smell like dog -- edward omething 's -- wrong . the live room . dart throughout the first £looxy , 1e¢ ing it . Charlie do not see ... he 's congentrat ing on the photo of riley , whose face have be scratchedout . bella what ? what be it ? edward stay here . tse ~ blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) and he bolt upstairs . she hurry after he --~ 27 int . bella' room ( continuous} ~ night -- Bella enter to find Edward hold the dreamcatcher bella Edward . what 's wrong ? edward ( grim ) someone be here . 28 int . cullen house - live room - night Edward pace , frustrated . Alice be st to track they fast - pace conversatiion with rosalie , and esme . edward no , Alice ~- it be I do not recognize hig , 's ( beat ) that 's not h could you out loud ? sorry . rosalie 2 he think . esme wrap a arm around oor burst open . jasper enter . jasper his scent disappear about five mile south of Bella 's house . edward someone orchestrate this -- carlisle ~- Victoria -- edward -- no , it have to be the volturi -- 28 29 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 28. bella ~~ check to see if I have be change ? alice -- I do not think it be the volturi either . I have be watch aro 's decision . emmett we gotta find this fool and get answer out of he . carlisle we also need to take shift house ~~ rosalie -- another protection d esme -- rosalie ~~ watch over I for the intruder , and be kespyourselves feed . ack - when 's the last ting ? you be already no . I ~~ edward out to let you fend for -- she 's rig and dad , a for Victor you eye a time you go " too busy protec idea occur . she look at he , sm flash on she face . she stop ... a a tiny glimm edward ( wary ) what ? iouse ~ front yard - day 29 Ed and at the curb , freeze in place , wait , eye unbl inkiigly watch the front door . finally , it open . be exit . behind she , Jacob . meet they halfway . Edward be cool , calculate ; thothead , fractious . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) jacob whoever it be , he leave he stink behind . it will be hard to miss when we cross it again . jacob ( to Edward ) we will handle it from here . edward we do not need you to '' handle . anything . or anyone . Jacob step toward Edward who do not move , jacob I could not care less wha Bella move between they . bella ( force enthusi#as great , so we 's 1 wo : ogether . e thes ae goal , -- hey , we a right ? to he bad 's vampire -~ edward Jacob eel that some day you and I * * * * Bella try to just stop it . I be tired of be in * e middie of a territorial dispute * between mythical creature . from now * on I be Switzerland , okay ? * staft to speak -- bella I do not expect you guy to chuck a * football around together . Fine . but * we have a lot of problem . ( more ) tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 30 . bella ( cont 'd ) and this be one temporary solution . ( then ) be you willing to at least try ? a long , tense beat . finally , Edward nod . then Jacob . bella alright , so you need to coordinate . you know , schedule and stuff . neither say anything . Bella sigh . turn : bella would the pack prefer day of jacob ( beat ) Night . bella ( to Edward ) will day work for ( off edw . good . see ? ‘ff agonize . off Bella , dg i 30 bella' Pov ~ ext . bella 's 30 from above , look down at the dark , silent forest beyond the yard . stillness . suddenly , we see a movement in the tree . then two gleamtng : es peer out , belong to ... a wolf skulking at the for the treeline . it look up at -- 31 int . bella' bedr 3n , bella ( continuous ) ~- night 31 ~- she stand i tmindow , look down at she protector . then , in contra oo the danger that surround she -- angela ( 0.s. ) send I and Eric we dorm bel f@tu qo. the room where Angela lie on the floor , a massive js Sf graduation announcement in the '' do '' pile a sla be blithely unaware of Bella 's situation . ey angela I be in the furthest dorm from campus . Eric 's in the close , of course . have Alaska assign you guy dorm yet ? look at she , miss she already . she lie next to a , take up a card to address . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 31 . bella not yet . angela where be Edward tonight anyway ? bella out look for trouble . Angela hear the worry in Bella 's voice . look , at eae angela be something wrong ? bella no , why ? angela one , Edward 's always with you keep look out you be hope he ’1ll mariachi band . B : * Angela , wha : * secretly a * gang , and . rother be in this * other gang , a hey want to kill * each other , and could not teil * anybody ? * Bella 's slightly odd just kind of sit there . * angela it 's you do not have to talk n , there be but ... I out it ? Bella debate , then sit up , cro ; choose she word carefully . bella okay . you remember Jacob Black ? angela ah. Edward 's jealous . bella ( surprised ) you say that like it 's so obvious . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 32 . angela ( apologetic ) oh . it 's not ? bella Edward just think Jacob 's dangerous or something ... a bad influence on I Angela smile . shake she head . bella what ? angela I have see the way Jacob Edward 's see it , too , a human . he 's go to ge other guy . Bella manage to curb she reaction I feel . he rather be best I have tell Jacob accept it . he 's friend lla ing I be a idiot . angela a little oblivious . bella i , I go not want this . every move I ke hurt someone . angela they be big boy . they make they own choice . ( then ) do not worry , it will work itself out . it 's not life or death or anything . ida , glance back at she window , at she reality ... 32 33 tse ~ blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) ext . bella 's house - on the wolf - same ~~ off the wolf 's eye , eerily refracting the light ... ext . road ~ day Bella and Edward emerge from the car . they see - down the road , a shirtless Jacob lean against h® volkswagen . wait . the two guy exchange a ~ edward do not he own a shirt ? Bella look at Edward a beat , realize bella Angela be a wise woman ? edward what do Angela havé be you should g 5 , Les '' good * here . which do not make he for he pull she closer . then he surprise he down the road Jacob Bella a little dizz & particularly passionate kiss . '' Edward pull away , leave ella * u could rush just a little . * he smile . fa reassure look , then walk off . angle on J ; cob ss Bella reach he , he smile broadly -~ jacob beautiful . year into a big hug . she hear Edward 's car peel obviously piss . as she watch the volvo Jacob open the car door . she take she seat as -~ jacob whaddaya wanna do today ? bike , hike , hang ? it 's you call — but tonight we be go to a very chill party . 34 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 34 . off she curious look and the thunk of she car door close - ext . LA push behind jacob 's house - bonfire ~- night a group be gather around the fire , eat hot dog , laugh , billy sit at the natural head of the ci . quil , quil 's ancient grandfather sit on one side clearwater on the other . the three Council leader the whole pack be there ; Paul , quil , embry , jare with Emily at he side . leah sullenly sta in fire . * meanwhile , a young quileute girl about quil 's rage be * definitely give he the eye . he sigh , anno to in * another life he might be able to fulfill hi asa * * casanova . across the sand - Jacob lead Bella bella you sure this be oka party crasher . ja technically , 4 il meeting crasher . B e okay . I think - I mean , than hezet be good for ( stop ) wait , resbistory history ? of the pack ? > ++ secret ? jacob to role to play . and you be a not , it 's the first time quil , e@ah be hearing they , too . the first outsider . ever . bella ++. should have dress better . seth ( 0.s . ) not errupt by a gangly - limb boy , seth , 15 , who < 6 a puppy . he clearly idolize Jacob . seth ' Bout time you get here . Paul 's be hoover the grub . but I save you some burger . 35 36 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 35 . jacob good look out , bro. Bella , this be Seth Clearwater , leah 's brother . newest member of the pack . seth newest , bestest , brightest ~- jacob slowest ~~ he grab Seth in a headlock , the two tumble sal Seth laugh , absolutely loving this guy . from the circle . it 's Sam . Seth jump up seth come on . you dad 's billy ( the quileutes have from the beginnd . " & ext . LA push behind jacob y bo} FIRE — night 35 9.8 . ) ++. but we have always have magic in we blo include the circle , 3 veryone 's face , they attention wholly on '' bidly , he voice commanding . illy eat spirit warrior , shape - ho could transform into the wolf . this enable we to scare ux enemy and protect we tribe . on bella awhos main ob gik $ the story , its image alive in she es at she , gaug she reaction as -- billy one day we warrior come across a creature ... orest clearing ~- day ( 1750 be ) 36 uileute warrior ( all in human form ) emerge from the horrify to find a male vampire ( wear the clothing aymid - 1700 's Spaniard ) bent over two lifeless tribe girl . yes be blood -re , feral , a terrifying image . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 36 . billy ( v.0 . ) it look like a man , but it be hard like stone and cold as ice ... phe two warrior phase into wolve and charge the vampt . he grab one of they , strangling it . the second with he tooth into the vampire 's neck and tear off it but the strangle wolf fall dead to the ground . billy ( v.0 . ) we warrior 's sharp tooth fin it apart ... but only fire woul completely destroy it . 37 ext , LA push behind jacob 's house - boi 37 back on bella - the horrible visual '' Jacob watch she , gratify by she 's billy they live in fear be not aloni 38 exy . quileute village - D , 38 a beautiful vampiress in ere 1700 's Spanish gown , move through the quileute age of long house and teepee . a trail of dead bod . bs % tribe - people scream . ed , stand over he dead son , 20 . weep inconsolably next to he body . edethe vampiress and take a run jsforming into a great wolf . they clash ! taha aki , 60' billy ( v.0 . ) taha aki 's third wife could see he would lose ... who barely acknowledge the impending attack -- push - behind jacob 's house - night 39 on billy , who lock at Bella as he say -~- 40 41 42 tse ~ blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) billy the third wife be no magical be , with no special power but one : courage .. on bella' face as we go inside she thought -- ext . quileute village ~ day ( bella' imagination } -- matchcut bella' face ~ now transformed into thé wife ! Bella charge the vampiress , dagger | he but as she near , shockingly , she plunge ow ! eart ! blood flower on Bella 's chest . catch the scent and spin toward she , oeventtt billy ( v.0 . the third wife 's sacrifi as the taha aki-wolf leap onto the. apart , Bella lay die , she =e by over time , out but one rem ; old one ... ext . LA push ~ behind jacob - night 41 = use ) back on bella — emotion confl® from the wolf point of view . @ting as she see all this billy continue -- ten only when they come and we sense it now , feel the yur blood . something be ? come , and we must be il of we . reporter ( 0.s. ) le be in a state of terror ... house - day 42 levision screen tune to CNN ~ a female a mic do a stand - up in front of Pike place . reporter ++ Police be baffle by the escalate murder and disappearance . clude carlisle and jasper who watch with concern . emmett aped over the couch . Bella and Edward enter as -- tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 38 . reporter theory range from a vicious new gang to a wildly active serial killer ... emmett ( grin , to Bella ) look who survive the dog park . need something for that flea bite ? bella I be good , thanks . edward ( be : the newscast ) Seattle ? carlisle it 's get worse . have to do something . edward Alice still have not about who 's do I be " ( 0.8 . ) upstairs ) emmett emmett pessimist . Edward abruptlyslook jasper , read he mind a beat -- bdward d not think of that . but ... yes , bella * carlisle fall we , jasper . cod epeak , Bella be surprised when he continue bathe one or two sentence he usually utter . his Southern lilt become more obvious . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 39 . jasper it take more than one of we kind to cause the damage they be report . quite a few more . they nre undiscipline , conspicuous -- edward newborn . bella like ... new vampire ? edward in they first month after jasper that 's when we be at we uncontrollable , insane " yy het emmett ( another grin something to look forwa Bella blanch . jasper nod . emmet enthusiastic . mmett fe definitely gotta go . bella a army ? of vampire ? carlisle @ have not be any newborn army over a century that I know of . jasper there be now . and they have be create to fight someone . edward we be the only clan even close to Seattle . 43 44 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) carlisle regardless , if we do not put a stop to it , the volturi will . I be surprised they nve let it go on this long . edward ( idea occur ) maybe they be purposely ignore it . or even ... behind it . ( off they look ) when we be in Italy ... I year , aro 's mind ... edward vision 43 % tracking toward edward face - as we 1 mory , he environ drop out , blackness surround suspending he -- as he turn , we go over he shoul ee , — — edward ( V . he do not want I t there ... he want alige a we gift a flash of edward and alic ! * '' throne '' formerly occupy b * edward ( v.o. ) but he geno no never choose he as Long ly be alive ... resume edward - 44 edward uld solve that for he . Bella take 's then -- bella a not wait two week for graduation ; fer need to change I now =~ jasper you would be a liability as a newborn . * unable to control you instinct . a * easy target . 45 tse ~ blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) carlisle there 's also you father to consider . and you mother . how terrible would it be for they if you suddenly disappear ? Bella can not argue , consider . emmett look confuse@ ... emmett but ... we be gonna kick someone ' , oz» ass , right ? eo aiche ot 45 a smash ! a newborn vampire careen int brick . he fall to the ground at the spin on a second newborn -- riley next one who start arm rip off ! ( to newborn # now get you owl dam ~- as riley step over a barely alive . newborn # 2 { dive on the man , take ww N yi g on the ground , hundrily as newborn # 1 both gender , all ethnicity and background , who '' feed , lounge , fight . what they have in common rocity , strength and thirst bree , 15 , who lie in a corner , quat to check on she , she suddenly ebhe wall , disorient and profoundly esto she neck where she be bitten . riley go to a pre just awaken . as jump up , back against thirsty . her h bree hat do you do to I !? wo newborn vampire start push each ght reignit , irritate riley . behind ril. other aga bree ' mso -- so ... riley yeah , I know . we will find you someone to drink . the thirst will calm down after a while . I have get a year under my belt and I '' okay ~- hen newborn # 1 rip newborn # 2 's head completely off . eg’ scream . riley shake he head , exasperate . 46 47 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 42 , he leave bree in confusion as he walk away . off he face int . bella' house - kitchen ~ night on riley's face ~ xerox onto a flier that read '' have see I ? " include Charlie who sit at the table sta : it . Bella enter , drop she backpack , coat . bella hi dad . you already eat dinner ? charlie huh ? um ... no ... not yet . she look over he shoulder and see charlie riley bier . his par Seattle with this . they have try . bella ++. do you thin , give up ? not ever . be about to put he through that ... and may still . then expectedly wrap a arm around she waist , pull she close . after a beat , he release she , rise tg.cover he emotionality . Bella swallow she guilt - lieb extra cheese ? figure out what to tell ight 47 she bed in the dark . Edward lie next Bella 's gocoi 's quilt between they . to ler mothe : bella ++» how to explain why I will not be home for christmase . why I will not visit . why they will never see I again . edward after a few decade , everyone you know will be dead . Problem solve . linch at he brutal honesty . then face he . tsb - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) bella why be you so against I become like you ? edward I have tell you . bella there 's more to it . you can be hone edward {beat , quietly } the choice you be make . consequence of it ~ the lo isolation . I have live # suffer that ... but I do not . and to so I will never have to , the most selfish '' < then I '' ju she rest she head on hi I think maybe be too different be look ) ou know ... warm anymore . same ... be afraid I x11 edward ay be my Bella . he kiss he back . it grow more ck she arm around he neck . Edward they reining in they desire . edward ly Bella , just less fragile . * quilt around she . as they nestle in , camera until we be outside looking in the window ... 48 ‘s house ( continuous ) - night 48 '' al pulling back - include the edge of the treeline we find emmett and Alice stand several pace apart . still , keep watch , listen . 49 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 44 . they hear a sound , both spinning at once - to find behind they - two wolve . here to take over sentry duty . emmett and Alice back away , the wolf eying they move . a truce , but a tense one ... ext . LA push - beach - day Bella and Jacob walk along the sand . Jacob seem distract , like he want to say something but can Bella 's too busy worry to notice . bella they keep say '' everything 's but it 's complete bull . Ali go ahead with that 's graduation party - whic you to , by the way . ( off Jacob 's sco yeah , I figure . the who ifvation be a mess , and I can 's I be one of they a right . stand all you option . already know what I be ay but ... bella she do ) do not ... jacob Zim in love with you , Bella . and I mant you to pick I instead of he . yat he , momentarily speechless . finally -- bella Jake , I ... think you understand . I do not feel that way about you . jacob I do not buy it . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 4s . bella what do not you buy ? it 's how E feel . jacob do you want I to go away ? never see I again ? bella of course not . jacob ; see ? you feel something else '' fpk I , 3 you just will not admit it . a ( decide ) and I be not give up . fight for you . yeah . heart stop beat . bella then you will not have to -- you be rus you be afrai .t because lange you mind ! ssmhey angry . it 's what I want ty Jacob take she by t ms , emotionally charge -- this strike a nerve - wi not have to change for I . xdbye to anyone . I can give than he . he probably can not you without hurt you . sudden sntaneously , he kiss she . Bella push i angrily , but he pull she tighter to he . ly , '' lia go limp , drop she arm , open she eye , no for he to stop . le do ; let go . she turn away . gaug she reaction . pid she feel what he feel ? sila spin back toward he and punch he in the ! there 's a horrible crunch on impact . Jacob do not flinch . but Bella grab she hand in pain -~ tse ~- blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 46 . bella ow ! owowowowowow ! 50 ext . bella' house - day Bella , piss , climb from Jacob 's car hold she hand , as edwaid 's volvo screech lo a slop . he ye move directly for Jacob . Bella get in he path bella not here , Edward . please . -- he go around Bella , get directly in edward é if you ever touch she aga again -- jacob she 's not sure what edward oh , she can sp {a bit x I guarantee Fine . some she all speak for herselt , and ask to . stop al rut Jacob face - off see the hostilit : h Edward . rehind they Charlie exit , gen they . head for they -- charlie act between they ) 's , let 's take it down a come on . simmer down . rush he , but they back off . charlie ow what the hell be go on ? jacob I kind of ... kiss Bella . charlie oh . t help but be a little pleased . but the next bit to ation change he altitude , tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) jacob against she will . so she hit I . and break she hand , accidentally . Charlie 's expression turn into a glare that even the co Jacob shrink under , 51 int . cullen house - kitchen - evening Edward look on with concern as carlisle finishese : Bella 's hand in a splint . rosalie , at the gcoufiter b.g. , peruse several newspaper , look f£ 6 % carlisle it 's just a small fracty all set , Bella . emmett and jasper breeze in , see Bell emmett ms try to walk and chew same time again , Bella ? a + ct a '' + be punched a wi * ( impress * bad ass . you 'r mana be one tough * little newborn . * * tough , * rosalie slap dow : * throw a fier ee lia 's way . Bella be throw . * emmett * ry about it * edward * ou find any lead ? * jasper * no sign of the intruder . but Victoria x continue to make appearance . * carlisle * she 's toy with we . keeping we * distract . * emmett * from Seattle ? * 52 tse ~ blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) carlisle or the intruder . or something else . edward ' Alice can keep tracking she decision but we have to track she on the ground . tire of be ignore , Bella head out to the deec jasper we have already cover the e : southern peninsula down to q edward we will search the northw ext . cullen house - deck - evening 52 * the sun set over the river as rosali ' it Bella * exit . rosalie know who 's behind rt look * rosalie be * go blather to eon bout the * joy of beco : rosas : {contemptuou you '' es , a clue . now Bella 's have it . ' she strgighten , piss . 'o try here . I have be ho you . but I can not figure do to make you hate I ~-- rosalie ( face she , surprised ) you ? I do not hate you . I do not icularly like you but ... Bella , I envy you . bella that 's ... ridiculous . rosalie you have a choice . I do not . wone of we do . but you do . and you be choose wrongly . I do not care how * miserable you human life be -- tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) bella my life be not miserable . perfect but no one 's be . rosalie mine be . bella it be a long time ago , forget the bad --~ rosalie I remember . and it be the end ... she turn toward the river again . bel rosalie 's side , but at a careful dist , rosalie I have ... almost have . even though it be tbe Depression . -- everyone i vie I . push in on rosalie as - there 's only on hing I want that I do not have ... '' '' close on a baby face curly black hair , 53 ext , rochester , — park - day ( 1933 ) 53 -- human ROS , lie skin , stun , but naive , vain . we see she lo . she hand the boy back to he mother , * vera , 18 . '' rosalie ( v.0 . ) want a child badly . a home of my wo , a husband to kiss I when he come home from work . and I think I be * go to have all of that ... * 54 ter new york ~ street ( park ) ~ day ( 1933 ) s4 * e walk on the arm of the handsome , well - dress royce passersby eye she admiringly . royce enjoy the tion she bring he . but it 's clear from they look royce himself be not well - like . 55 tsb - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) rosalie ( v.o. ) royce be the most eligible bachelor in town . I barely know he - we be never alone . but I be in love with the idea of love . street . the pretty woman , appal , hurry along # , he wi} the leer off he face . rosalie blithely see only perfect man . rosalie ( v.0 . ) I owa young ... ext . rochester new york ~ street ~ n. rosalie head down the empty lamp - 1i she coat close in the chill night a she pull rosalie on the last night off friend 's house late from home ... she slow as she see a gr streetlight . they laugh , rosalie veer away to avoig Rose ! we have be wait for you . she lovely , John ? told you she a looker . JOHN d ( leer ) lard to say with all that clothes on . comfortable , look to royce but he just snicker . royce show he what you look like , Rose . take off a few layer . rosalie I will see you tomorrow . sober . 55 56 57 58 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 52. she start off , but royce abruptly yank she hat off - she cry out in pain as the hat pin wrench she hair out . royce grin , the sadist in he unmask now . the man 1 gh : royce you will do as I say . then he grab she coat . she fight he , scratchin face , but he violently rip the coat off she -- ecu on the brass button ~ they pop off ( seow follow the button as they scatter onto the * 8t : rosalie ( v.0 . ) I do not see who he be night . who they all wer pr ext . cullen house - the deck - evenin 56 Bella reel at the horror of rosaligt empathy fill she as a stoic rosalie conti ro : E of they leave m : street , think I be dead . I , itwant to be . carlisle £ , stled all the blood . he t he be help I . bella '' I be ... so sorry that happen to you . but rosalie will not be rosalie @venge on they ... one at a time . =) o- slight smile ) ave '' royce for last ... so he no know flash to - corridor - night ( 1933 ) 57 the doorway to a room . they look up as be appear at the other end of the hall . as it ealize it 's rosalie , in she wedding dress —- int . room ( continuous ) - night ( 1933 ) 58 fall heavily to the ground . he back into a he door splinter open and rosalie enter . off 's horror as she close in on he -- e the qerritioa as he hear the sound of the two guard 's tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 52 . 59 back on rosalie present rosalie I be a little ... theatrical back then . a flash of amusement . but it quickly disappear . rosalie thing get better after I find emme but we all always be ... this . never move forward . that 's most ... the possibility . a front porch somewhere , emmett haire by my side , surrounde , grandchild , they layg rosalie be silent a beat . Bella tu : but hold she ground ... bella T understand that 's but ... there all nev want more tha have be one thing you 'o want ou will kill for : blood . wrong agai , see she point have land , rosalie walk off . Bella , shake , turn back toward the house -- see edward standin : the jandow , look out at she ... ere five , they ask we what to be when we grow up .. 60 int . fork he - gym - graduation ceremony - day 60 camera pan : dor s§ ; the cap and gowns , family and teacher as be on hand in case the cloud open up . jessica ( 0.s . ) ' we answer be thing like astronaut , president . a at the podium , class valedictorian . jessica .+. ox in my case , princess . ( chuckle from the crowd ) ( more ) tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) jessica ( cont 'd ) when we be ten , they ask again and we answer - rock star , cowboy , or in my case , gold medalist . but now that we have grow up , they want a serious answer . well , how ' bout this : who the hell know ?! loud hoot and hollers from the audience , in which bella . jessica 's word be sink in . jessica this isn 's t the time to make hai mistake . take the wrong tr , stick somewhere chill . lot . Major in philosop ! no way to make a care Change you mind . then . : se because nothing be perma cc pig ing she mind once op over -~ cerrng yy - day 61 off Bella , know there will be she make she decision . the speegh io 61 int . high school gym ~ graduatto seschool principal and x she diploma . out in the eam with pride . on the stage - Bella walk to shake he hand while recéii audience Charlie clap loudly , jessica 's ( v.0 . ) see so qo as many mistake as you can . , someday , when they ask again ant to be ... we will not have we will know . 62 ext . school - pos * ion ceremony - day 62 Charlie and belk ; of she gown party 's '' w. if possiblé emotiona way , Bella awkwardly shoulder out ard . ad-libbed '' see you at the we student include the usual suspect ie wrap a arm around Bella 's shoulder , charlie '' m so proud of you , bell . I can not wait to see what you do next . you be my biggest accomplishment . bella dad , that 's not true . 63 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 54 . charlie yeah , it be . and it ’s... ( amazing ) well . you will see , when you have kid . off Bella ... riley ( 0.s. ) ( pre - lap ) what do I say about a low profile ! ext . seattle ~ isolated STREET - night 63 riley , exasperate , stand next to a late modi iie upside down in the dark street . smo 2 fom the engine , a FIRE ignites . Inside the c. ream -- riley you call this low ? a male newborn ignore he , as he from the car and begin to feed o} e newborn feed on prize of they ee bike messenger . riley give jearby , two other ostitute and a fiexsyourselves . camera crane up and back to a overpass in the distance ~- where we find four down at the mayhem E , utterly motionless , look : jane with she the hulk felix , elegant all wear dark coat with hood , push in to find misleadingly ang demetri and che alec ( with distaste , to Jane ) indiscreet . felix ey have already draw too much attention . demetri so have we '' inaction . '' other may begin to question the volturi 's ... effectiveness . jane let they . 64 tse ~ blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) felix maybe we should consult aro . Jane shoot Felix a look - searing pain shoot through zhis body . the massive Felix drop to the ground writhe silently . Jane be one scary little girl . jane aro 's decision be be watch . must decide . '' alec carefully , gently touch she shoulder ; alec then decide , sister . tf she release Felix . demetri help ha alec , utterly uncare of the agony '' jane yes , it be . ( look at the either we let create for , decision , back on riley - he sense ing . look up . rileyn Pov on the overpass - '' the , volturi be go . we begin to hear the pounding of dance music as we go to — — int . cullen' house raduation party - night 64 it 's wall to wall the have transformed Dancing , celebrate . Alice into a magical nightclub . angle on the front D - as Bella enter , immediately t mad . she weave she way through the whor Edward . she finally spot he -- onsultation with carlisie , emmett and ood be intense . angela you be finally here ! jessica what would you think of my speech ? too easy ~ breezy , self-helpful ? tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 56 . bella ( genuine ) actually , you pretty much nail it . jessica like I be bear to lead , right ? angela I love this song ! come on -- she pull they to the dance floor where eri find they . mike time to dance , belia . Don get my robot on . eric you wish you robot 1 as laugh . they of the atmosphere dea of hell , but she sees -~- Mike and Eric start a robot battle celebratory mood be in strike com in the kitchen . a dance floor be she force a smile , shuffles bellan Pov - on the fronz / doo ! quil and embry flank he , und the room . Bella into Jacob 's path . Jacob enter , calm , confi look tense , eye darting '' ay maneuver off the dance floor bella do here ? jacob I , remember ? bella wight hook too subtle ? ' Cause I uninvite you . jacob ( genuinely remorseful ) beiia , I '' sorry about , you know , the kiss and you hand and ... I would blame it ' én the whole inner animal thing but ... it be just I . be a ass . really , I be sorry . * sincere . she soften , nod . * jacob * I bring you a graduation present . make it myself . * * insert - the charm : a intricately hand - carve figurine miniature wolf . Bella look at it , move -- bella it 's ... beautiful . you make this ? ( off he nod ) wow , I ... thank you . Jacob 's pleased . but then Bella 's eye be - stand by the staircase , freeze . she 's '' he alarm cloud Bella 's face , Jacob see it —- bella t’1l be right back , jacob why ? what 's go on ? bella nothing . just wait cc. Jacob share a suspicious push through the crowd , Alice , be it ? what do you see ? Jacob appear . ing be go on . tell I . alice to talk to jasper . gainst the wall , block she . jacob y do not you talk to I ? his expression lethal . jasper I suggest you remove - you ~ arm . before I do . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 58 . jacob just look for info -- alice the decision 's be make . bella you be not go to Seattle , be you alice no ... they be come here . off Alice we smash to -- 65 alice' vision : seattle ~ abandoned ca@nne | 65 riley pass Bella 's red blouse among as they inhale , pick up she scent - 66 ext . cullen house - back deck - nigh 66 the party continue inside . but ut he discussion be tense . Bella , Alice , edwa . Jacob try to follow . qu for carlisle debate as e nearby , on guard . they 'il be here in * four day . arlisle ckenee wa into a blood bath . asper not enough of we to protect jacob a m@bne 's go to attack fork ? edward 7 ( ignore he , to Alice ) o's behind it ? alice I do not see anyone familiar ~ maybe one -~ edward ( read she mind ) yes , I have see he face - he 's local . riley bier -- tse — blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 59 . he catch Bella 's eye as she recognize the name , shake . edward ~~ but he do not start this . alice whoever do be stay out of the ac carlisle so someone 's play with blind in you vision . es edward only the voituri could kno gift work . aro would when he read Alice 's minute jasper either way , the army be odd be not good . jacob alright , hold up dward share a look . e decide differently -- he 's about to explode . .. Edward shake he head no carlisle we kind . newb : as embry hey after ? alice rheyiwere pass Bella 's scent = ae a red blouse ~~ bella at 's what he be do at my house —- jacob okay , what the hell do this mean ? carlisle ( anguish ) it mean a ugly fight . with life lose . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 60 . the weight of it land on all of they . beat . Jacob share a sober look with embry and quil . a imperceptible nod jacob we be in . bella what ? no , you will get yourself kille q jacob please , it 's what we be mar edward forget it . jacob be not ask permiss carlisle -- alright . the guy back off . carlisle turn you believe this ... undgi if that 's a fanthiword for fight together , yeah . we happen to live here todas jasper ive we the number . and the orn will not know werewolve even that will give we a edge . bella xlisle , do not . they will get hurt . they all look to carlisle . finally , he nod . carlisle we will have to coordinate -- 's not happy , but resign himself . Bella be panicked . 67 68 tse ~ blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 61 . carlisle ~- Fighting newborn require knowledge that jasper have . we be already plan a strategic meeting . you be welcome to join we . jacob name the time and place . int . cullen house - party - a minute later 67 Jacob , quil and embry head for the door . 2 : 's Jacob . bella Jake , wait - you do not you be get into ~~ jacob -~ it 's what we do . look at we , work tog one who want we to@get along ol ~~ and Jacob stride out leayé . : the reveller . as the music grow louder , pu : ys worried face -~ ext . clearing in wood - 68 previous scene 's noise . it 's a large field surround by di forest . the mist be heavy ; it 's overcast , grey . suddenly , e quiet be break by ~- he AIR , flatling in slow motion . ut immediately spring up to throw he . he land hard on hi ack emmett be flung thro face jasper , the pe mmett 7 Alice and rosalie who watch they spar . angle on jasper ffiela t G volvo ~- as it skid to a halt next to xd and Bella climb out , head into the lfway across , Edward stop . edward they be here . on the népuan - from out of the mist skulk bight giant ves , x wary and on -edge as the cullen be . emmett ogtikge paul-wolf ; they eye meet , both itching for a he tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 62 . bella ( sotto to Edward ) two more have join the pack . edward they ' be young . very young . carlisle join Edward who read the pack 's mind . edward they do not trust we enough t , human form . carlisle they be here . that 's whi Bella see the red - brown wolf as it bella dake ... '' R sharp look from sle ask Edward -- he seem to almost smile , tongue Sam -wolf get Jacob -wolf to carlisle mov Sam — Edward nod . carlisle will be fine . jasper have idence with newborn . he will teach ow to defeat they . ° edward they want to know how this '' newborn '' differ from we . carlisle they be a great deal stronger than we , because they own human blood linger in they tissue . we kind be never more physically powerful than in we first several month of this life . tse — blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 63 . the pack take this in . carlisle nod to jasper to take over . jasper be initially uncomfortable with both the wolf and the attention . but step forward -- jasper carlisle 's right . that 's why newborn be create for army . - edward one of they -- quil -- he want % know how many vampire const #tuty army . he seem to be make ... not by the term . if it 's possible for a wolf to look embar . zi il do . jasper laugh . " jasper '' Army '' be a expression number of newborn . they be not in the human army . ( beat ) the bad new : stand again : untrained , they wild . in we favor a humane but 's they be fpcekirst will make ile . that can work as jasper move to the center of demonstration , he gro leader in he resumi : he field for a more commanding , the long dormant Bella watch with pack sit or lay the jasper st important thing to remember arst , never let they get they arm d you . they will crush you so fast head will spin . second , never go he obvious kill . they will be ready hat . and you will lose . emmett ? ( gesture for he to attack ) io not hold back . emmett not in my nature . x_with impossible speed , but jasper be a emmett lunge several time , he strong arm g at air . jasper stop long enough to say ~~ tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 64 . jasper you have to come at they from the side , and keep move . always move . emmett lunge again with similar result , until suddenl freeze -- jasper have he from behind , he tooth a from emmett 's throat . Bella be take aback by jasper 's skill . and there impressed rumble among the watch wolf . training sequence - a series of shot : everyone take turn sparring with jasper , against each other . they be all blur : as we shift to slow motion to see a vid extraordinary dance . jasper not look 's they . out of kiss he neck . ~- Alice and jasper spar , spiralling , launch at she but with she eye GI at he , she see he move before nowhere , Alice be perch on he bac cpe , gotchya . not another , but Edward can es he the advantage . he en slam into he ~~ Edward and carlisle a read carlisle ' 's mind which sper ( v.0 . ) agility , keep you " anxiously watch this fierce , life and a portent of the violence to come : lb brushes she face . jacob-wolf be beside she , onvey concern . she pensively look back out at bella it will be a hundred time worse than this , will not it ? '' 69 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 65 . bella' Pov - panning across the face of the cullen be and the wolve ... bella some of you might not be here . afterward . because of I . a beat - then Jacob nuzzy she face again . she p leans against he . edward ( 0.s. ) we be do for the day . Edward have suddenly appear next to she . calm , but firm . jacob-wolf eye they pack as they retreat into the wood . ~* ext . clearing in the wood ~ later a 69 emmett . Bella sit on the hood of t - # ! jasper approach , kick the mud from he '' dirt off . Bella look at he as if for thi jasper ... anything I can do to help ? jasper you p : satin , alone , you scent will i fewborn ; they hunt oo you know so much about all this ? jasper {beat , reluctant ) , do not have quite the same ... fine ipbring as my adopt sibling . ad the conversation , he start to move away but ff the jeep , follow he -- see she inquire look . beat . he slowly roll show she -- 70 tse ~ blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 66 . bella' Pov - close on jasper ‘s arm at first we see nothing in the overcast grey light . thi become clear -- he arm be feathered with hundred of¢ white , half - moon shape scar . Bella be aghast . bella that be bite . like mine . jasper Battle scar . all the trai confederate Army give I be against newborn . still , I neve a fight . bella this be during the ci he nod as he start to walk . she wa with he . jasper I be the youngest cavalry . all real combat , jasper ».» I cxrgss path with a certain immortal ? off jasper 's face , a ening with the past -- ext . desert outsede '' —. , TEXAS — night ( 1863 ) 70 match CUT - ah [ man face , tan and flushed with the exertion 8 gan horse full throttle down the dirt road . he shing in he confederate uniform . jasper ( v.o. ) as viding back to Galveston after evacuate a column of woman and child ... when I see she .. rarr he see three women in fray dress and bare they beauty overwhelm he . maria , mexican , black - ~ orcelain -skin be flanke by two blond , lucy and he dismount , politely bow . Maria scrutinize he . jasper ( v.o. ) Southern gentleman that I be , I immediately offer she aid . 71 72 73 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 67 . lucy ninhale he scent ) mmm , Lovely . and a officer . nettie you would better do it , Maria . I can never stop once I have start . jasper be confuse but mesmerize as Maria move clése marta what 's you name , soldier ? jasper Major jasper whitlock , m maria I hope you survive . excellent addition . ext . clearing in the wood — day 71 back on jasper who stop wal , nful memory wash over he . Bella move to its . prompt he -- Maria be '' I become she second in command . back then , ss be common in the South . ae +. brutal battle ext . TEXAS desert . ( 1860 be ) 72 match CUT jasper ! S fai eye red ~ he 's almost unrecognizable be ferocity as he tear through a oppose arm , iborns , rip off limb , arm , head . jasper ( v.uo. ) fla win every battle . she be smart no careful . and she have I , my ability '' control emotion serve she well . day ( late 1800 ' S ) 73 in a group of newborn , demonstrate defensive maneuver . they be a feralflook bunch . ris eye be burgundy - red , he face hard , cold —- 74 75 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 68. ~- until he cross a young , innocent - looking boy , 15 . jasper soften ever so-slightly as he encourage the Boy , who clearly look up to he . jasper ( v.0 . ) I train she newborn - a endless occupation since she never let they live beyond they first year .. -~ a stronger newborn easily pin the boy. behind jasper , grab he into a kiss , domigg salacious . she whisper to he regard to jasper ( v.0 . ) it be my job to dispos int . barn - night ( late 1800 be ) jasper approach the Boy who look u ; es at he friend and mentor . so he 's surpri jper throw a arm around he throat -- -- see jasper 's despair hold , almost a embrace ext . clearing in the wood - back on jasper - his despair as acute as if it be yesterday . Alice hag ed next to he . jasper tt mat Maria and I have be 193 be . oe be just she puppet . she pytle string . I do not know there be another way ... until I find 1 eho d see I come , of alice kept I wait long enough . ae jasper ( tipping he head ) my apology , ma‘am . ( then ) I do not know what I have have become without she . rap she arm around jasper from behind he . 74 75 76 77 78 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) alice ssh . you will never have to be that again . Alice try to kiss the ghost away . off Bella , take all in ... '' ext . bella 's house - night 76 push in on the second story ... Bella 's darken window . ext . clearing in the wood - night ( dream ‘( 77 a find Bella back in the field , only now she 's ale : ' amera circle around she until it 's over she sh ~~. we see -- jasper in front of she . then maria st é £ 8 ) jasper , whisper seductively into he ear ; ear it -- but we push in close on jasper' eye . ey , begin to turn bright blood - red , thirst -craze ... 2g pull out again to discover that i ger Maria next to he , it 's victoria . she lunge for Bella , but stead of run she face she enemy and swing - se int . bella 's room - night 78 on bella in bed ~ mid - swing - Edward catch she fist . she be dream , but the fast be real . her eye focus , realize she swing dard . her heart be racing . bella ery the newborn army . allvher puppet . Edward 's look ) edward ice would have see Victoria 's ion to make a army . . bella unless she 's hide behind they . letting someone else decide . maybe she find out how Alice 's vision work . consider . edward trust I -- I want it to be she . I want she that close . to end she myself , with my own hand . 79 80 tse - blue drapt ( 7/14/09 ) 70 . she see the darkness in he face . not certain what to make of he murderous side . ext . seattle - under a bridge - night it 's dark . riley appear in the shadow dragging b collar a barely conscious , athletic young man , tristan , riley effortlessly pull Tristan 's weight behind he as traverse the long stretch of the underpass . on tristan 's face ~ he try desperately t on he head prevent lucidity . tristan stop ... I ... but he 's drag over a stone , crie riley ignore he , finally reach hfs release Tristan who drop hard to Tristan 's blind by the darkne start to crawl away . he do fe a pair of boot step up behind he . he manage to about to run -- can ) .- it 's Victoria . 's back to she ( note : Tristan s$ a smile at riley - he come blood . -- suddenly , a hand wren : she force he to he ko never sees Victoria ) . she she yank Tristan 's h to the side to expose he neck . aegtoria sper to Tristan ) DB . ie ° wo GE be oo kk + ext . bella ' s.h0u 80 Edward exi i : lla on he heel . bella * * edward * they will be here soon , Bella . * bella * I know . that 's why I ... I want to * ask you something . * ( off he look ) * you have give you life for I , would not * * you ? tse ~ blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 71 . edward of course , bella what else would you give ? edward anything . bella good . then I feel better abgut you this . ( beat ) I want you to stay out of t edward «+. it can not , Bella . bella I can not lose you . ( quietly I will not be ittwa be over quickly . wolf in it , there will not be ex the*rest of we to do . if there will not be you be mough to do , then need , be you ? Edward seem catch just pride that 's make ell I be ask you to put je , I know that would take a urage , . eat ; Edward be still resistant ) be trick . no more half - truth . 1 be together , one way or another . the you come with I or I x11 be at e battle with you . edwa les . know she 's right but resist . she see ing , she press -- reluctantly say the word ill land hardest -~ bella Edward , I nve already go crazy once . t£ you leave I again -~ eh ro of shh hr ok of * tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 72. yep . that be the word that could evoke he guilt . he look down . she feel terrible but do not take it back bella there be only two alternative . both of we in or both of we out . Edward struggle with he conscience . lose . edward .- then Zt choose the alterna live with . he pull she to he . off Bella , both reli 81 ext . clearing in the wood ~ day 81 Jacob face Edward and Bella . they be enter of the field . jasper stand several pace bé jacob ( mock ) you be not fig , muscle or sai '' you pull a he 's do okay ? Jacob look at she , at Edward ; ke he head with disdain . st tell I the plan . will give we a advantage we can lure the newborn a 's scent , but it need to bella Edward and I be go to a campsite . _ but even if he carry I , they will '' pick up we scent . edward you smell , however , be revolting . jacob dude , you really do not want to start compare stink -- 82 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 73. bella -~ he mean , you scent will mask mine if you carry -~ jacob —- done . edward ( to jasper ) this be a bad idea -- jasper Edward , they will not want to get anywhere near he ... odor . bella . let 's just test it . Edward finally nod . she extend she grin , pick she up , hold she it jacob eau de wolf , run. ext . forest ~ day 82 Jacob run through the tree carry Bella ~ not super ~ human speed , but fast , «and not break a sweat . some time * have pass ( possibly @ndigate by cut ? ) and Jacob set * Bella down . they start tote lk , circle back slowly toward * they distant starting , point . * acob * if that work . personally I * ell great . you ever notice * * bella * * no except the usual boy smell . jacob u gonna ask I to sit cut the fight , too ? or do not you care about my safety ? bella of course I care , but you would say no . ( hopeful ) unless maybe you would consider ... & tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 74 , jacob yeah , right -- ( backpedal ) but that do not mean he love you more . and I do not have a choice anyway . since I let Sam be alpha , I have to live with the shot he call bella wait - you let he be Alpha ? wh. do that mean ? jacob ( consider ; finally ) technically , I be supp Alpha . it 's a lineage th : aso woulda mean be chi tribe , but I turn i offer , bella you be kid . jacob : i_ do not wagr to alone be t , x ( see hi with new eye ) wow. Chief Jacob . acob every choice have some more than other -- start - you nre gonna have to choice . Jacob stopséth proximity intimate . jacob can love more than one person at a I . I have see it , with Sam , Emily and leah ... bella I be not a wolf , I can not imprint -- jacob it 's not about imprint . it 's about feel something for someone . and I know you feel something for I . ( more ) tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) jacob ( cont 'd ) < can sense how I make you feel . physically . 2 make you nervous . Jacob pull she closer , indeed , make she a little nery bella Jake , come on ... jacob do not worry , I promise I wouldn 's kiss you again till you ask : bella you will be keep that promi Chief Jacob . he see he 's get to she , grin . 83 ext . clearing in the wood - day 83 back on edward as jasper jog out all I pick Bella . great . 84 ext . bella' house - ernoon 84 Bella climb from h with Charlie . the Alice head down charlie stranger , Alice . hi ya , Bella , house . surp ave back as Charlie head into the i a Bella in the yard . alice you alibi for the battle be all arrange . bella really . alice I tell you father that my whole family 's go camp this weekend . so you and I be have a sleep - over at my house . * ( more ) 85 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 76 . alice ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I , he like . actually , you and Edward will have the house to yourselves tonight . bella +++ alone ? alice we be all go hunt , powerin for the fight . you be welcome . off Bella , flushed with anticipation and nerv int . bella' house - kitchen — afternqg@ . 85 Bella enter as Charlie make a sandwi look up . charlie the sister , I like . bella yeah , Alice i she move to the sink , st i ish , overly casual -- so , dad , I wasgwonder ... why you never get remar : after Mom . '' , charlie os guess I never meet the rsolllty why ? ybe it be ' cause you , I ww - give up on the whole mon . of marriage . but ... you no it have value ? charlie ( suspicious ) , '' Marriage have value . when you be gider . much older . like you mom ~ ait work out great for she the second time . later in life . bella «+. I guess . charlie you definitely do not want to have to get marry , because you be not ... careful —- 86 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) bella «+ what ? charlie I mean , there be thing you need to know when you be -~ physically intimate - bella oh no -~ tell I this be not " the talk charlie I be just as embarrassed as y bella I seriously doubt that . charlie you do not have a boyfx¥en bella please —- I I linxeally , please do not idward be ... old -school . charlie I - do now what that - be that like , tectifiique or -- ? I be a virgin ! okay ? and believe i just have to say neither can charlie y? huh. like Edward a little 86 pproaches the front door , overnight bag on she der , she 's nervous . awkward . she arrange she hair . fnten she sweater . check she breath -- oor suddenly open - to reveal Edward , worried . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) edward why be you wait out here ? what 's wrong ? bella nothing . he look at she quizzically , but take she in . she take a deep breath and enter . 87 int . edward ‘s bedroom - night 87 Bella follow Edward into the room to find a luxurious , wrought-iron bed . she stop at , of it . bella there 's a bed . edward I think you might n sleep in ? for she tentatively move to it a blow - up x mil have suffice . too much ? sn inhaling courage , ts to the bed 's center . beat . ' bella ask you something . he see so} 's on she mind . join she on the bed . edward bella be marriage still a condition to you agree to ... change I yourself ? edward ( where 's this go ? ) we . yes . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) bella okay . well . I want to negotiate my own , you know , condition . edward there 's something else you want ? it 's yours . whatever it be . Bella look at he . then lean over , kiss he . she move closer still , kiss he again , more return the kiss . Passion sweep over the attempt to unbutton he shirt -- he pull edward Bella ... no . I could h bella bp ~~ you have say you want every human experience edward the one that do not you -- convinced e/11 want -- that t do not last forever -- bella i'll marry you , go to college , ou buy I a car . just ... try . ortant it be to she . wrestle with he own ire . a difficult internal debate . bella please . e 's on the fence . she tentatively move closer . he forehead . his cheek . his lip ... he allow to kiss she back . and he keep go . tse ~ blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 80. Passion build again ... she successfully tug he shirt off . bare chest , he pull she closer . they fall back on th but when she try to take off she own shirt - he final back , try to retrieve he wit -- edward Bella - Bella please stop try to take you clothes off . bella «.. do you want to do that p ; edward not tonight . she shrink back . utterly humiliate . bella you do not want to . wor he quickly move to she side . gr ip , pull she he kiss she hand . Bella 's try to sort this out . iy virtue that concern I . bella can not be serious . edward 08 " like to leave this one rule unbroken . ( off she look ) t may be too late for my soul , but T will protect yours . I know it 's not a very modern notion -- bella it 's not even old fashioned , it 's ancient , tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 81 . edward . I be from a different era . thing be ... less complicated . for instance , I be consider a man at eighteen . have I meet you then .... he slide off the bed , still hold she hand ~~ rust bella' face as -- edward 2 j I no have court you ... and saiiga om , you at home . we no have taxentaeh 0 chaperon stroll , or have iced es the front porch . I might have steal a kiss or two . ane of ask you father 's per '' Pag have get down on orig . Edward , now on one knee ... edward »+. and offer you -- as he take from he po it open to reveal ~- insert - the sparkling R : long oval face with slant row of glitter stone , ithin a fragile web of gold . edwar ! mother 's . the beautiful ring take Bella 's breath away . Edward pull she to™ as he remain on he knee . fear and love do thin she as -- ave say ... isabella swan . I gto love you . every single ent of forever , will you do I the ordinary honor ... of marrying I ? sing on she finger , she be overcome . tear es as , finally , love win out ... bella yes , I will . verjoy , and embrace she , lift she off she be joyous . she reel , overwhelm , ambivalence tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 82. 88 int . seattle ~ abandoned cannery - night on riley and victoria - in a embrace , a dark , discomfi mirror image of the previous scene . they be on a secliy catwalk , away from the newborn army . it 's sexy , intima riley you be not come with we ? victoria it will be a last minute deec , tell you how it work . riley ( grin ) right . the cullen have Victoria pull away , ever- so-slight victoria do not underestimate gh you will have the nui she look at he , not sure circle he -- e he 's go with this . she victoria yes , my , ead . friend . Laurent find out about thesthing they could do and ed he , but not before he be wrong , £ she look ) n , this be suppose to be Cullen ergiAtory . but we have be tear it i no I have never even see they here ~~ Victoria 's eye . she 's suddenly stand away from he . fury sev victoria you do not trust I . riley with my life . I be just say that ~~ 89 90 {se - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) victoria ( emotional ) I '' do this for we . so we can feed without they retaliation . I can not live in fear anymore , wait for they to attack -- he 's suddenly next to she , wrapping he arm around riley I will not let they . I be go . the Cullen clan ~ I swear . she look at he , then kiss he , hard , victoria I love you . so much . he embrace she - but over he should flat , the emotion disappear . she eye go ext . trail in the wood — morning 89 close bella nos finger ( san £ 37 prick it and a single drop of blood appeak . include bella who my '' inger to the side of a tree . she move up the trail to thé xt tree , touch it as well . a cold wind blow . th oud above be dark . she continue , make she way to -- ext . the clearing ( cofffmuous ) — morning 90 Bella emerge into mpoty field . she touch another tree . Edward com hind she . edward no overboard . bella be be all I can contribute , I to be thorough . edward asper will be very impressed and the newborn will be frantic . now let I put a bandage on that . for she leave hand . she pull it away , worried -- bella I can do it . you do not have to make yourself uncomfortable . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 84. edward do not worry . this do not bother I anymore . bella since when ? -- as he take she hand . put a bandage on it . edward since I survive think yo . he continue to hold she hand . give she a qi edward you nre not wear you bella ( bust ) I do not want to ris edward «.. or let rv if I tell he , you er tomorrow 's fight . it would know , later . edward if you 'r aving second thought -- t he to have a clear jacob ( 0.s. ) id be unclear ? they spin acob across the clear . he approach -- bella one 's , I hope . nod curtly to one another . Jacob eye the Edward do the same . edward Alice say there 's a storm come . jacob I can feel it . we should get go . " SE - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) edward I all take a longer route . but I 'il get there first . set up camp . Jacob nod . Edward turn to Bella , search she face ambivalence or surety . finally , he kiss she forehe edward I will see you in a few hour . he grab she bag and some gear , leave . jacob something up ? bella ( cover ) the usual ; bunch of vai kill I . jacob same old , same old . they share a smile as he 's be back ... a series of shot : 91 ext . abandoned lumber yard 0 E water - day 91 riley lead the army of newborn : cross this ghostly yard . they move at a trot , aping over pyramid of rotting log . as they head for the find bree , doubt on she face ... 92 ext , wood - day 92 Jacob run with tain a steady jog , effortlessly can : er weight , she hold on to he , she mind heavy with -- 93 ext , puget ch - later day 93 on the m ted beach ... eerily , riley rise from the water . lrenched but unfaze by the frigid water . he 4 k stride , simply head for the wood . he rest of the army appear behind he . they pick up speed . first walk , then run 94 95 96 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 86 . ext . wood - later day back on jacob carrying bella , climb the mountainside go up and up . intercutting end as Jacob and Bella reach -- ext . mountain - evening - aerial shot to establis . 95 Jacob & Bella reach the peak where Edward wait : tent . ext . mountain peak - evening 96 snow fall in earnest now , glacial wig Bella down . they hurry to the lee sid a campsite - erect against the peak . Edward stand by the tent acutely relieved to see she . he edward thank you . Jacob nod . Bella turn you should getghgme before the storm hit . jacob ing . you will need my " gi pack to keep tabs on ing@6 p . ~ not go to fight ? jacob eth will spell I in the a.m . he 's happy about miss the action , t it will keep he out of trouble . she disappointment . but he cover , guide she edward let 's get you inside . 97 98 99 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) ext . tent - night snow blow sideways as the wind batter the tent . a li glow from inside -- int . edward and bella' tent - same a lantern burn . Bella 's wrap in she down slee fully dress . but she tooth still rattle . ' . edward s| I should have choose a site 1 bella I be f~fine . it 's - kay edward what can I do ? she can only shake she head . edw. int . edward and bella' tent - S. 99 * suddenly , the front zipper een can not sleepy chatter go 's é@ed she toe someday . and it -- I be hotter than you . '' Bella 's side but edward hand be shoulder . Jacob 's jaw clenches -- Jacob begin suddenly ha jacob you hand . off I . edward keep you hand off she . bella ( plead ) D - do not fight . see she severe discomfort . he very reluctantly he hand away . Jacob look at he in all seriousness . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 88. jacob she get sick , it 's on you . Edward debate , then make a hard choice ... he nod . i climb into the sleep bag next to Bella . Edward see jacob ( to Bella ) you no warm up faster if you take you : clothes off . bella jacob hey , survival one - oh-one ering begin Edward glare . but quickly see th. she . off to lessen , and the relief of warmth 's Edward , envious ... 100 int . tent - later night 100 on bella , no longer shakin : be lose the fight against sleep . inc ] rest on one elbow , fa : glare at he . ross the tent . Edward get Bella out of fantasy , dog . or we be go to have a ? I have shut you out if I could . jacob lly get under that ice cold skin ur , do not I . what , you doubting eeling for you ? mvey flicker open slightly . the guy do not ake . when Edward do not answer , Jacob scoff -- jacob Nice . pick through my brain 's okay , but let I into yours , forget it . ( no response ) look . I know she 's in love with you -- tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 89 . edward -- good -- jacob -- but she 's in love with I , too . she just will not admit it to herself . edward ( long beat ) I can not tell you if you be right , Jacob 's take aback by he honesty . beat . jacob then let I ask you somgthi , choose I -- edward she will not -- jacob -- if she do . wou to kill I ? but I would never a intriguin hurt she that sh jacob no , you ast turn she into a blood ' ngdemon like you . edward ie that . I never do . edward ed . from the beginning I try . rted with the hope that she would row I . lose interest . that jacob you give up too quickly . edward then my aim be to stay with she throughout she natural life but ... my world be too dangerous for she as a human , so I take myself out of she world . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 90 . jacob that I remember . edward I be try to force she to let go of I . but it nearly kill we both . which leave only one choice . to dog what she want -- jacob ~~ ox think she want . on bella ~ take this in . but she eyelid grow jacob go back to option thre stay away another 's have be fine . give ( beat , quietly ) you have to consider might be better for you be . n esceer . but also ... ér a life . a human life . er . but ... I will not thing again . you could g I want that force she into Jacob nod . a beat . B I be feel ... grateful for you presence in she life . gamuse at a think ) ally , if it be not for the fact jwe be natural enemy ... and if you " t try to steal away my reason exist , I might ... like you . * jacob well , if you be not plan to suck the life out of the girl I love , I might -- no , not even then . dwardsia to laugh . as we push in on bella 's face ~ sleep tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) jacob ( v.0 . ) there 's still a chance , you know . that she will change she mind . edward ( v.0 . ) then ... I have let she go . close on bellan face ~ suddenly in bright light her eye open , morning light blind she . ing : 101 int . tent ( continuous ) - morning 101 the sun outside illuminate the tent . bel , as 102 ext . tent - morning 102 the wind have die . the ground be wh campsite eerily quiet . the tent unzip out ... to find -- a young wolf starin : ier , sit on he haunch . right . Seth Seth -wolf pants a little or a '' hello . '' ag , he already -- edward ( 0.8 . ) e peak , join she . dward g sure the wood be clear go . be wrap hi und she , Seth - wolf jog off . bella sorry about last night . could not have be easy on you . edward it definitely will not make my list of top ten favorite evening . bella you have a list ? tse ~ blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 92 . edward all ten be spend with you . number one be when you say you would marry I . Mrs. Cullen . bella this be the twenty - first century ; I ' at least hyphenate my ~~ jacob ( 0.s. ) you be marrying he ? she spin to find Jacob have reappear . his devastate , fight tear of rage , betraya 's bella oh no , Jake -- ( realize , to Ed you ... know he be lis edward he deserve to know : ~~ which confirm for jaco stride toward the wood . e . he turn , start to run after he . beela ns on Edward ) Edward see he head into the ion . he sink , resignedly , and sappear . Bella race to Jacob -- bella please -- jacob ( spin on she ) m do . I be so do -- bella how can I fix this ? jacob you can not . iocan . by go down there and kill something -- 103 tse -- blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 93. bella no . not like this . you be not think clearly -- jacob maybe I will get kill and make thing simple for you -- bella what ? no ! - Jake , just stay she jacob why , Bella ? give I one damn reason ? jf bella I do not want to lose jacob ( head off ) not good enough -- bella -- because -— - please -- something to convince he -~ g you to -- be ask twice . he grab and kiss she . imto passion . as the kiss continue , Bella , ind herself surrender to it ... on her face as a wave of repress feeling coding she mind ... " S house ~ day ( bella' fantasy ) 103 F fast dissolves , one into another - year pass : a and Jacob , arm in arm , sit on the stoop in the t sunlight ... 104 tse ~ blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 94 . ~- now they be in they late 20 's ~ they rock a infant . renee appear , take the child , joyously toss she grandchild in the air . ~~ early 30 's - there be two kide now . Jacob roughhou es with the oldest boy as Bella and a happy , aging char the toddler girl to walk . ~- 40 's - they two grown kide pile out of Jacob 's 's Home for a holiday . gray-haire Charlie and bi 2 with Bella to welcome they . -- 60 's - it 's Bella and Jacob who be grayi with they own grandchild . contented ext . campsite - ecu on bella - morning ~~ as she abruptly snap out of it . dacob whisper in she ear . jacob that should have vege st kiss . Jacob be tear , do not want I have to g will not be long . Jacob head out to the fight . la 's eye water with guilt , confusion , emotion -- she *hurry back to the tent -- lla edwar : he appear from arg De rock , come toward she . she see he face , stop bella edward but Jacob 's thought be very bella I - do not know what happen -- edward you love he . bella I love you more . 105 106 107 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) edward I should not have force you to choose between we -- bella please do not be understanding . I do not deserve it -- edward it 's my fault . when I go awey ghee leave you bleed and he stitched or , g up . I can not blame you for something make necessary -- bella do not you dare blame you edward I just want you to be ha - wolf lope out hought -- -- but he stop abruptly - turn t6 of the wood , growl . Edward rae flashpop to ~ ext . clearing he ~ morning 105 ( seth ' S / edward vision ) a pair of male bare feet to the wet grass . pan up to find a newborn . hungry . ré a for a fight -- back on edward - he mxoneesrettkave . he turn to bella . 106 107 back on that male newsorn - a beat , then suddenly from behind he -- yy blitzes out of the wood and into frenzy in they eye . they rabid ow the scent of Bella 's blood . but the lere . they be confuse ... sudder® 's ing bolt from the tree with lightning ackle a newborn ~~ de he victim 's body , hold its disembody head -- rush jasper but -- bam ! bam ! bam ! ' three of they go ackle by esme , rosalie , carlisle , emmett and Alice —- 108 109 tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 96 . out of nowhere lunge SAM - wolf flanke by two wolf . a newborn to piece . four other wolf dive into the for we smash from one savage conflict to another , RAW , bru ' ~-- emmett sprint full - bore into the fight , relishi -- the wolf work as a pack , coordinate , deadly . ~- jasper control the field - strategy and spe ~ rosalie fight with icy calm . Alice wit ion . esme and carlisle fight side ~ by~side . -- but the newborn be brutal and st : vampire / wolf be take some viciou then ~~ -- jacob-wolf charge in slow mo ext . campsite - same 108 on edward read Seth -wolf ating for Bella . Jacob jus he 's good . stay on edward ‘s face as he S the action through Seth - wolf 's mind . camera circle D as Bella and he 109 -- Paul - wolf ind by three newborn ; emmett come i ‘are a look , a battlefield rapprochement . i@ move in on bree -- but she back up and carlisle share a look . they relax be a step behind she , try to give she cover ~~ see a newborn take note of jasper 's protective Edward yell at jasper , though he can not hear -- tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) edward jasper - back off -- you can not be everywhere at - watch out ! -~ as a newborn appear behind jasper and bite he sho Alice spin , fling the newborn to rosalie , emmett carlisle who kill he . Alice tend to jasper , angx alice I can handle myself . 110 ext . mountain campsite - back on edward and bella be jasper alright ? but he see only Seth -wolf 's thought edward do not let they protec good , go around -- -- denly Edward stop , mind i Seth , Seth -wolf bolt awa Edward whip be a defensive ront of she . edward close ~ I can hear she thought . dil ext a G - treeline / battlefield - minute earlier 11i arch the battlefield from the treeline . she urn away from the fight , and start run , Edward 's scent -~- edward ( v.0 . ) she know I no be with you , know Alice would be too busy to see she decide -- tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 98 . 112 back on bella and edward bella Victoria find we . edward and she 's not alone . which be when riley step out of the wood . Bella immediately recognize he , be take aback . closer , watch Edward 's every move . as carefully position themselves -- edward riley . listen to I . use you - to distract know I ‘l1 kill you . riley hesitates . surprise to be add edward actually , she 's gl t have to deal with you victoria emerge from the@ form a triangle with riley - Bella and Edward vit ia do not listen , R I tell you about they mind trick . pward id she mind . that 's how at she think of you . how I lge not love you . '' sy victoria E ole purpose for create you and he army be to avenge she true mate , jamé . that 's all she care about . ning to hesitate . he glance at Victoria . victoria there 's only you . you know that . focus back on Edward , positioning himself to attack . '' ia 's eye burrow into Bella 's with bloodlust , revenge . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/08 ) edward think about it . you be from fork , you know the area . that 's why she pick you . she 's use you like she 's use the rest of they —- riley falter ever- so-slightly , doubt seeping into but Victoria 's face be convincingly emotional . victoria : riley , do not let he do mage so love you . riley need to believe she . his resolve ret riley a ( to Edward ) you be dead . riley charge toward Edward who do 2 Seth -wolf be leaping from the cliff abov : riley , take a chunk out ys ; hand '' wolf circle back for another attack . while '' 97 riley on the defense , Edward start toward ~- Victoria - she back toward t ree . Edward see she 's about to escape -- dart into hef path -- ward '' you always do . but er get another chance like this . ks further away . edward want she ? do not you want I d James ? when I tore he to 's and turn he into ash ... '' nothing . victorag erupt and charge Bella -- ever let she get close ~ he intercept she and own the hill in a death grip -- watch this battle , desperate to help -- ile , riley kick Seth - wolf hard against the cliff . shard of rock fall around Bella , tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 100 . Seth -wolf , batter , go down . riley spin toward Bella - Edward now have to protect Bella from both vampire ! a do with impressive skill - with lightning fast speed . bolt to riley , kick he back , he dart to Victoria , * smash into she -- as Seth - wolf struggle to rise , riley join Victor battle provide she with the tiny advantage she n bella' Pov on edward - riley tackle he Victoria grab Edward from behind -- time freeze -- slow motion as Bella 's eye : ard 's ~~ ‘ever in she this moment -- close on bella' face - see she clari life be more sure of what she want with purpose she grab up a sharp p . flashpop - to the third wife raisi on victoria catch the smel ! er head whip toward Bella -- -- Edward seize the moment - dead drop to the ground while flipping Victoria ovey ”hilg , head , across the clear and into a tree breaking it I ol -- Edward spin '' : ho an still bedazzle by the blood -- ~~ hear a screeching SOUND like metal tear , as suddenly , riley 's scream ! hig ) arm be go ! Edward toss the arm aside and bolt bae egto Victoria =~ ~- Seth -wolf , .@ec ere , leap up , tackle riley and drag he scream ? i he wood ~~ with riley Victoria ! < do not even glance at he , revealing to riley truth . the last thing we see of riley be he betrayed face ... then we hear the sound of Seth m apart , the metallic screeching ... @a tear she shirt to create a make - ~ shift bandage -- tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 101 . ~~ Edward charge Victoria ~~ the two clash and begin a blurred battle . until he pummel she down and , finally , maneuver himself behind she , yell she in a death gr Victoria struggle ; Bella be directly in she eye-line . glare at Bella who glare back , every bit as oe Edward 's lip be at Victoria 's neck -~ it look ag kiss she ~~ he bite a huge chunk from she neck , she head off . as bella watch Victoria 's body crumple to all SOUND disappear . the air go still . change . this nemesis , this relentlegs d dead . or almost . eerily , it still mo meet . but shame , fear , cloud he fac he . slowly . purposefully . away . belba . Edward ... I do not with to see that . she stop he , touch he fa nderly , she eye tell he it 's okay . tly he start for the bark . Edward tu fat Seth - wolf abruptly let out a sharp be '' @xpression fill with concern ~- bella S wrong . edward want we to come . now . bella what 's happen ? 113 -- the volturi - Jane , alec , demetri , Felix - the tree with effortless grace and speed ... tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 102. 114 ext . clearing in the wood - day a massive FIRE burn as the cullen and the wolf hurr drag what 's leave of the newborn to it for incinerate purple - black smoke rise . Edward and Bella race out of the tree , bee-line and the rest of the cullen gather near the fire edward how long ? alice few minute . maybe ten . Bella scan the field for Jacob as ~~ rosalie '' they time they arriva emmett probably hope thi few of we out Edward stop as he see 's what 's she dot Bella look to the FIRE -- by wh¥ch cower the newborn bree . we offer he bsafe haven if she stoppéd fight . she take it . -arlisle eed to leave . the volturi bella 's Jacob ? edward os ( spot ) oes ? there . on the treeline clear across the field % jage - wolf emerge . Bella sigh with enormous relief . sseeher as well , start toward she -- but suddenly -- @ob-wolf - he hear a vicious snarl come from behind n the wood , spin to see -- tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 103 . in the wood ~- a light grey wolf ( leah - wolf ) cornere one last male newborn who be hide . l leah - wolf charge ~ on edward with the cullens - he can not see the conflict he can hear it in he mind -- edward leah , do not -- ! back on leah - wolf and the male newborn in the the male newborn maneuver out of she way , os jacob - wolf leap on the male newborn , 4 roll into -- ba the clearing - where Jacob bite a p but the male newborn get he arm crush he ! jacob-wolf howl in Bella see this from afar Jacob ! the other wolve be instant there and pounce on the male newborn , they tooth force to release jacob- wolf who crumple to the ground . as they '' pull he apart -- Edward and carlisle on bella - racing a : 's the’ field to reach jacob-wolf . on jacob -wolf a : grotesquely twi ! carlisle quickl steady hi ' orm into a human , naked , break , barely able to breathe . 's he as he writhes in pain ; Edward he hand -- edward - hold on ~ carlisle will take of you -~ carlisle the bone on the right half of he body be shattered . xcruciate pain , squeeze Edward 's hand -- reach they , drop to she knee beside Jacob . she he face , try to comfort he . 104 . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) bella I be here , Jake , I be right here . Sam , Paul , embry , Jared , quil and leah , now in human fg ( clothed ) race up . leah ( guilty , furious ) Jacob , you idiot , I have it -- SAM leah ~~ carlisle I need to set the bone accelerate heal kick : already start -- edward ( to Sam ) we have to get he the volturi arrive . fight with theg win a E gase860 n as I can . we will bring he illy 's . git , bella hang 0 pm , Jacob cry out in a 's the pack lift he . Bella agonize as she wal e hem disappear into the wood . she and Edward exchagg oo of share concern . then -- alice ere . n the center of the field , converge see nothing through the oily smoke from then we hear a flat female voice -- jane ( 0.8 . ) it appear you have do we work for we . pr the mist and the smoke emerge -— outuri - Jane , and behind she , Felix , demetri and alec. assess the scene , take in Bella , as well . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 105 . jane impressive . I have never see a coven escape a assault of this magnitude . carlisle we be lucky . jane I doubt that . alec it appear we miss a enter fight , sister . jane yes . it 's not often we’ unnecessary . edward if only you would arrive fefour earlier , you could have fill you purpose here . pity . Jane then sees the newbo ( pleased ) you miss one , arlisle er asylum in exchange for have jane t yours to offer . ee , esme shoot carlisle a concerned look . car ] , tly shake he head , do not . z jane why do you come ? can answer , Jane focus she power , send a i current through bree 's body . bree scream elia flinch , esme quickly step up -- esme they come to destroy we ~ to kill Bella . gnore esme , continue she torture , enjoy it . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 106 . jane who create you ? esme you do not have to do that . she will tell you anything you want to know . jane ( blithely ) oh , I know . carlisle put a hand on esme 's shoulder . briefly stop . Jane wait for a answer . bree I do not -~ know . riley tell we . he say we be not safe . Jane zap she again -- esme be abo edward her name be vietor . know she ? bree 's pain abruptly ceag innocent smile that 's som the other three volturi be 's we do not even see they move . '' * rihy at Edward 's side - she can not a ddgpery . the air be tense , the arlisle intercede with great Bella plant herself protect he , but 's this could turn bad ; and purposeful can carlisle easantly ) £ the volturi have knowledge ctoria , they would have stop be not that right , Jane ? Jane , j : iookgga@t carlisle . a long beat . jane ( gesture be : bree ) Felix . fel , to bree . esme can not hold back -- esme she do not know what she be do . tse ~ blue draft ( 7/14/03 ) 107 , jane the volturi do not give second chance . ( to Edward be : Bella ) keep that in mind . caius will be interested to hear she 's still human . Bella face she , strong . unflinch . bella the date be set . Jane be ever- so-slightly take aback by petty ! her look linger on Bella ~ this human . edwa : I wonder if you will stil ybé my power after you ' ve™ meanwhile Felix , with he enormous bree limb from limb . her scream i cease , though the metallic screeching sound continug thank you , ( to until next the cullen can do nothing bu no by , grim -face . esme try not to watch . nm , but stand strong with the off Bella , fight thick plume of smoke rise ... rest of the cullen ext . jacob 's hou : 115 billy sit in ha ichair on the porch , surround by the pack , include ut san Sam . they wait anxiously . bella' trugk 'p p . she hurriedly climb out . porch a loud yell of excruciate pain de the house ; Jacob . Bella flinch , n herself . they all do . ly can do to keep it together . Emily , next to arm around he shoulder . quil ( to Bella be : the yell ) it 's be go on for a while . embry Dec 's re~breaking he bone . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 108. Bella react to the horror of that . leah pace . leah why would he have to butt in ? -- I could have take that tick -- paul -- give it a rest , leah -- ~- then they all spin toward the front door as carlisle exit with Sam . carlisle the worst be over . he will b billy exhales heavily , tear threaten on billy 's shoulder . Emily wrap a carlisle I give he some morp ! temperature will bu : I 'o come back to 5 ( with thank you the poke a need to set . clear he . carlisle Bella ) they ain a combination of plead - '' do not hurt , he and reaten — '' 1£ you hurt he 's -- off bel& rad inside with trepidation ... fbery enter to find Jacob lie in bed , the entire i of he body be in a series of brace . Bella be to see he this way , but she force a smile . bella hey , Jake . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 109 . he look up with some effort . breath short . but he smile jacob hey ... I have be worried about you . bella you be worried about I ? jacob I guess Edward would read my minute or Seth 's . be he hard on yeu ? bella : I wish . he be not even mad you . jacob : he do not ... yell ? nogultii bella it would have be easite jacob ( beat , 5 : well , damn . . '' he 's better than jacob la , he 's not as perfect as herself ) talk about this ? jacob the get all the re-break at once , next to he on the bed . bella -+. I be sorry , Jake . but it 's like ... Sam imprint on Emily . I never have a choice with Edward . jacob that 's crap , you be not a wolf , remember ? bella still . it 's what it be . tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 110 . a beat as it sink in . he struggle to tamp down emotion . jacob least I know I do everything I could . be not easy get you to admit you feeling for I . bella I think I fight they I know they would not jacob ( beat , quietly ) I '' exactly right for it would have be as breathe with I . bella ( nod , then ) you know I love you . jacob you know how be enough . a long beat . finally , she should I com jacob gome time , eas there 's a sadness between they , but a rapprochement . off Bella grateful open he 's leave she ... * 117 ext magic hour 117 S a welcoming , rich green . the wild flower be the light be low . luminescent . Edward and Bella mcre grass , she head on he chest . edward August thirteenth ? tse - blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) lll . bella it 's a month before my birthday - I do not need to be another year older than you . and Alice think she can put together a wedding by then . edward I '' sure she can but ... there 's no be bella I have choose my life . TI want , to gtart live it . = oy i concern and suspicion fill he . <e edward and ... you be let Alice whole thing ? dress , ré i list ? who know who shé bella do it matter ? Edward sit up . look he dward rise ) you 'r '' make everyone else ha , , you be already give up wrong . go to he , clarity wash over she . bella be be not just a choice between you and Jacob . it be between who I should be -- and who I actually be . 's he , insight energize she as she speak . bella I have always feel - out of step . literally - stumbling through life . I have never feel ... normal . but now I know . ( more ) tse — blue draft ( 7/14/09 ) 112 . bella ( cont 'd ) I be not normal . and I do not want to be . ( face he ) t have face death and loss and pain in you world . but -- T nve also never feel stronger , more real , more ... myself . because it 's my world , too , Edward . it 's where I belong . he take this in . see she strength . have to smilé& edward you be say ... it 's not al bella sorry . she wrap she arm around he , look : bella I have make a mess fig out . now I want to responsibly . and if in every way h start w. actually something , much more difficult first . probably even dangerous . he concerned look ) ‘o , tell Charlie . y edward cing ) need that ring . épglls the black box from he pocket . he Edward sfiile D . take she leave hand in he ... rem tt we slow y gin to pull up and back on the two of they - sijpouet gaby the light which reflect off the flower , '' a blossom a warm , magical glow . be , 2 gainst this beautiful , romantic backdrop that Edward the ring onto Bella 's finger ... where it will stay for bly ... fade to black . *