" the bunker " by clive Dawson final purchase draft - June 2000 '' millennium picture plc pinewood studios iver heath buck slo onh tel : 01753 651700 it 's merely the span of a single lifetime since hell be last visit upon the earth '' the bunker '' prologue : int . tunnel system - JUNE 1944 a unfinish section of tunnel carve through bare earth , brace with pit-prop and shore with timber . rubble and wood and construction equipment be scattered around . dim work - light be strung along the roof , but barely illuminate the scene . a emergency generator clatter away somewhere in the b.g . at the junction of a dark side - tunnel , two organisation todt guard -- a sergeant and a corporal -- be work furiously . hammering huge length of timber across the mouth of the side - tunnel , gradually sealing it off . they nose and mouth be mask against the dust by grimy cotton scarve , but they unease be plain to see . as they continue work , a 0.t. private emerge from the gloom of the main tunnel , jogging towards they . he slow to a halt as he join he two comrade , and begin to quickly fill they in . private that 's the last of they . everybody else be out . the sergeant glance around at the private , but do not stop work . sergeant put a face mask on , you idiot ! but the young private seem impatient and cavalier . he ignore the comment and simply wipe the sweat from he neck gesture curiously at the side - tunnel : private look , when do we find out the big secret ? what 's the panic ? what be we suppose to be afraid of ? the other two exchange a glance . corporal never you mind ! just give we a hand to finish up . Quick ! the private join in reluctantly , and they hoist another thick plank into place , hold it in position while the corporal hammer a nail through one end . 2 . a creak -- and dust begin to spill from the roof . the corporal carry on regardless , nailing the other end . but the private be still inquisitive . private nobody out there 's get a clue what 's go on . with why be we do this ? sergeant because we have be order to ! be not that enough for you ? another plank be lift into place , and the barricade be near completion ... then the distant clatter of the generator falter . the light dim -- then brighten again as the generator return to its previous steady rhythm . the two nco 's freeze -- hold they breath -- look at each other with speechless expectation . the generator splutter again -- terminally , this time . they let go of the plank , and it crash to the floor . scrabble for they torch , start to panic . the private watch bemuse as the other two curse under they breath . the generator noise be now on a rapid downward curve , slow and die . the light be go with it ... ... and a solid , shocking blackness drop on they with sudden silence . they torch be on but the beam be feeble , struggle to penetrate the darkness . the sergeant can not help himself : sergeant ( cont would ) oh , Christ ! his voice echoes away into the darkness . private the generator 's just out of petrol . what 's so -- corporal shhh ! a pause ... then , from the side - tunnel , come a new noise : a faint scuffling sound . 3 . they automatically shine they torch at the barricade they fear tangible now -- affect even the young private , whose cocky expression of disdain be rapidly drop from he face . the sergeant 's voice be tight : sergeant it 's happen ! just like they say ! private what be it ? be someone in there ? but the other two be already back away along the tunnel in horrify disbelief . the private begin to follow after they , he nervousness grow by the second ... the scuffling get louder ... private ( cont have ) for God 's sake , what be it ? what 's in there ? but the other two turn and run . louder still ...! and as he composure finally crumble and he run after they , the private look back over he shoulder one last time -- he face now betray a expression of sheer terror ... CUT to black : front title fade in : ext . forest - german border , december 1944 - day densely pack pine tree in all direction . snowflake flutter down silently from a steel - grey sky . a german Army supply lorry crawl along a dirt road which wind through the forest , engine racing and wheel spin as it slither through the river of mud churn up by a hundred tank and vehicle long go . accompany it be a score of infantry , breath plume in the frosty air . some trudge alongside the lorry , offer a shoulder occasionally to straighten it as it fishtail through the slush . the remainder follow twenty yard behind . each be sagging under the weight of helmet , equipment and sodden greatcoat . they uniform mark they as regular army -- but they coat carry the black and silver cuff - band of a ' elite 's division . 4 . engel , head up the group of straggler , reach into he bread - bag and pull out a half - eat bar of chocolate . he pop a piece into he mouth , and chomp it wearily . follow in he wake be ebert , schenke , kreuzmann , baumann , heydrich , unit medic franke , and c.0. , lo. krupp . we ’1ll get to know each of they soon enough . two or three other make up the number -- but we group of eight be the main player for now . engel they x11 be head on to Brussels without we , at this rate . Ebert , move with a lithe , cat - like alertness despite he tiredness , throw engel a idle sideways glance . ebert what 's you hurry ? schenke ( a snort , but in ) well , it 's not to win any medal that 's for sure . engel ignore schenke 's comment , and respond to Ebert 's question . engel what 's the hurry ? have a guess . ebert ( bored ) the woman . engel God , no ! they be like french woman - coarse hair and wide - pore skin . next guess . heydrich -- older than the rest , a veteran -- chip in . heydrich surely not the booze ? engel ( shaking head ) Nah ! cat 's piss , all of it . ( to they all ) any more ? engel look around -- but nobody else be interested except kreuzmann , who be look to he eagerly for the answer engel glance around once more , then sigh in defeat . engel ( cont have ) only two good thing ever come out of Belgium : one 's the road to Germany , and the other ... engel snap off a chunk of chocolate , and toss it back to kreuzmann with a wink and a warm smile . kreuzmann quickly tear off the remain wrapper with nervy finger . kreuzmann chocolate ! engel cock he head appreciatively . engel get it . you can say what you like , but they make damned good -- a bullet smack into engel 's throat , blow a chunk out of he neck as it exit . the distant rifle shot follow a second behind . almost simultaneously , a demolition charge explode under the lorry ahead , take the leg off the accompany troops . the front end of the vehicle heave into the air and crash back down in a smoking ruin . the group scatter as a hail of sniper FIRE rain down : heydrich catch a bullet in the leg , and he and Ebert head forward and leave off the road ; baumann take a gully several yard back , also to the leave ; schenke , kreuzmann , krupp and franke dive right . the rest take cover as best they can . engel , paralyse , drop to he knee in the mud . hand at he throat stemm the stream of blood . jaw work to speak , but only produce gurgle . he 's hit again , in the shoulder , but still remain upright . kreuzmann ( a scream ) get he out of there ! but all attention be focuss forward as the rest of the unit swing into action in unison , settling behind cover to return FIRE with well - practise precision . with bullet spitting down all around , it 's all they can do to stay put . . while they legless , die comrade scream in the b.g. heydrich & ebert snuggle into cover across the road , heydrich drag he injure leg painfully . shock and confusion show on they pale face . ebert how bad 's the leg ? heydrich simply shake he head , more concerned about engel , who 's still propped up on he knee in the kill - zone . heydrich we need to give engel some cover fire - see if someone can get to he . ebert angle 's wrong from here . sniper - fire 's come from up leave somewhere . heydrich what about retreate to that gully back there ...? someone burst through the bush suddenly behind they -- and they gun be half turn in response before they realise it 's baumann . baumann we have get to move ! they be come up from behind . Ebert look around , alert . ebert I do not see any -- baumann I tell you they be come . it 's a trap ! heydrich and Ebert cast a concerned glance over at they stricken comrade -- then Ebert make a hasty decision . ebert alright . let 's find cover forward . they jump to it and move forward through the tree , rifle point in readiness , heydrich limping along as best he can . but they have barely go ten yard before a machine gun open up from somewhere front right , bullet chopping into the tree trunk all around they -- force they back ebert ( cont have ) shit ! ! baumann and Ebert run for cover -- but heydrich trip ... as bullet kick into the snow around he , heydrich shout for help involuntarily ... engel slump in the kill - zone , engel be on automatic pilot . despite he appall injury he free hand struggle to open the flap on he holster , to get to he p.38 . he just manage it when two more bullet chop into he , smash into arm and abdomen . he slump back on he haunch with a gurgle moan -- but , miraculously , still stay upright . kreuzmann , schenke , krupp and franke huddle deeper behind cover as a sustained fusillade of shot rain down upon they suddenly . schenke Christ !! kreuzmann be make no attempt to return fire , simply stare impotently at engel , who have somehow summon the strength to shuffle around towards they , vainly try to inch he way to cover . franke , meanwhile -- he helmet bear the red cross of a field medic -- avert he eye so as not to look upon the man he cannot help . Lieutenant krupp be look around for option . krupp we be dead if we stay here ! ( a shout ) heydrich ! baumann !? no reply . schenke where be they ? the sniper fire abate momentarily . but then something small , ovoid and black sail gracefully out of the tree towards they , splashing heavily into the mud beside engel . schenke ( cont have ) ( a shout ) grenade ! ! schenke , krupp and franke hit the dirt -- but kreuzmann be freeze in horror , he eye lock with that of engel . the grenade explode with a sharp , shatter blast , take engel with it . and kreuzmann be catch in the shockwave ... CUT to : ext . forest - elsewhere - dusk silence . a forest clear . it 's later . darker . dusk be fall with the snow . a few brief moment of perfect stillness in the picture - postcard scene , far away from the action . not even the distant thud of gunfire any longer . then Ebert , heydrich and baumann stumble through the tree . Ebert scan the forest ahead with exhaust eye , he rifle hold ready at he side -- he free arm support the accident - prone heydrich . heydrich 's leg , by now , be soak with crust blood . his face be crease with pain , but still he keep watch leave and right , pistol in hand . baumann bring up the rear . he 's edgy , scan the tree behind they with rifle aim . a few more step , and Ebert pause to catch he breath . he whisper , just loud enough for baumann to hear . ebert wait a minute . baumann crouch and wait , still cover the rear . untangle himself from heydrich , Ebert creep forward and take up position beside a tree several yard away , study the forest ahead through field - glass . after a moment , he lower the binocular triumphantly . ebert ( cont have ) bunker ! CUT to : ext . anti - tank bunker ' frieda 's - dusk close -- as the steel - shutter of a narrow observation loop - hole slide open suddenly . a glint of eye in the darkness beyond . Three metre to the leave , in a second loophole sink into the camouflage concrete face of the bunker , the twin barrel of a combine anti-tank cannon / machine gun swivel into action take aim . there be the heavy metallic click - clack of a gun be cocked . a muffle voice shout from inside mirus ( 0.s. ) stay where you be ! and Ebert 's distant voice reply from off - screen : ebert ( 0.s. ) do not shoot ! comrade ! wider -- down a shallow snow - cover slope , on a freeze dirt - road which dog-leg through row of concrete tank - trap , the three approach soldier stop dead in they track . Ebert wave he rifle wearily , a dirty white handkerchief tie to the barrel . he call again , cautious : ebert ( cont have ) we be come in . alright ? no reply from the bunker . Ebert set off again anyway , half - drag heydrich up the slope . baumann follow a few pace to the rear , still watch the tree behind they . the barrel of the gun follow they from the bunker as they approach . side and rear of bunker the huge bunker be sink into the tree-cover hillside . the three soldier make they way up the slope and along the side wall , stumbling occasionally in the snow , or on the hide rope of the camouflage netting . at the rear , a deep trench lead to the entrance : this be overlook by another loophole in the wall of the entrance Defence room . as they struggle down the crude step into the trench , the steel shutter of this loophole grates open to watch they . Ebert arrive first at the heavy steel door , and kick it . ebert ( cont have ) open up , dammit ! for a moment the three of they wait in silence and stillness Ebert look up at the lettering mould into the concrete above the door . it read ' frieda 's . sound of bolt slamming back , and the door swing open . Ebert stand aside to let heydrich hobble through first CUT to : 10 . int . bunker - entrance passage - dusk heydrich be barely inside before he be pushed roughly against the wall , a pistol at he throat . heydrich hey ! what the ...? and everybody freeze . heydrich be stare back into the face of another german soldier -- a reserve volksgrenadier . this be mirus , a old man with crazy eye and a crazy demeanour . a old , livid wound be visible on he forehead -- and he look ill . mirus ( to heydrich ) who be you ? he rip open heydrich 's collar , check he dog-tag . mirus ( cont have ) let I hear you speak . heydrich heydrich . 13th panzergrenadier . ebert let he go , old man ! mirus ( to baumann ) you ! say something . why be you here ? baumann we be ambush . now take it easy ! mirus ambushed ? heydrich it 's a bit late to be ask question , private . put the gun down . mirus blink , he eye slowly lose they crazy gleam . heydrich ( cont would ) the gun ! mirus finally back off . everybody breathes again . heydrich rub he throat , cursing silently . 11 . as if he mind have suddenly change gear , mirus look at the other three soldier as if see they for the first time . he stoke he old head wound unconsciously . mirus I be sorry ... the other look at he warily , unsettle by he radical change in temperament . mirus ( cont no ) we be warn , you see . about enemy infiltration unit . ebert if you be not sure about we you should never have open the door . Ebert slam and bolt the door behind they . ( they be in a short , t-shape passage : to they right , a small flight of step lead down to another steel door ; to the leave , the Gas lock which lead deeper into the bunker ) mirus shuffles sheepishly for a second , embarrassed at he behaviour , then gesture for they to follow . mirus this way . mirus lead they through the gas lock mirus ( cont have ) what happen to you , again ? then turn right through the gas-proof door into the MAIN corridor ebert ambush . Americans . Doors in each wall of the corridor lead to the generator room and the Crew room . straight ahead be the door to the gun room . peer around it curiously be a 2nd volksgrenadier this be neumann ; young , almost a boy . mirus snap at he : mirus keep watch the front ! neumann disappear out of sight as mirus lead the other right again , into the -- 12 . crew room bunk . locker . pin-up . military mottoe paint on the wall . small stove . emergency escape . a Christmas tree -- with a ironic cardboard swastika on top instead of a angel . the three newcomer slump down onto the bunk near the stove . a bit of warmth and comfort . the relief spread across they face -- but this only accentuate they pain and exhaustion . heydrich stretch out he injure leg . heydrich ahhh !! shit ! meanwhile , mirus hover nervously , occasionally cough . mirus how far away do all this happen ? the ambush ? ebert Three , four kilometre . mirus but the front -line be suppose to be thirty - odd kilometre away . heydrich that 's what we think . one by one , they light up cigarettes . ebert God know what the yank be do there . probably do not even know themselves . baumann be study mirus 's reaction : baumann they might be come this way . mirus turn pale . he look at the other two for confirmation . mirus will they ? ebert maybe . they be behind we for a while , back there . all they have to do be follow we track in the snow . 13. baumann ( to mirus ) how many man do you have ? mirus nervously stroke the wound on he forehead . mirus just one . the three newcomer stiffen , alert . the relaxation drain from they face , to be replace once more by tension . heydrich you mean that kid ? mirus everybody else be send forward . they even take we supplies . ebert Christ ! heydrich be it like this all along the line , now ? just reserve ? mirus I do not know . I think so . ( defensive ) there 's not suppose to be any fight here ! baumann someone forget to tell the yank . ebert ( to mirus ) you have better get onto Area Command . mirus turn to leave , fretting . Ebert call after he . ebert ( cont have ) what be it you say before , about infiltration unit ? mirus Americans in german uniform . sometimes they -- ebert we know what they be . what about they ? mirus we be just tell to be on the lookout for they . 14 . ebert well , do not shoot at anyone until you know who it be . there may be other come , from we unit . mirus nod and exit . Ebert snort derisively . ebert ( cont have ) I do not believe it ! kid and sick crazy old man leave in charge . heydrich that 's what it 's come to , alright a moment of brood silence . heydrich get out he first - aid kit and see to he leg . Ebert get up and smell the coffee pot on the stove . ersatz ! he pull a sour face , but pour a mug-full anyway ; pass it around . baumann continue where they have leave off . baumann so , if the yank attack again it 'il be up to we . ebert they will not necessarily come after we . they might have other priority . but he do not sound as if he quite believe it . and it 's clear from they face that nor do heydrich and baumann . Ebert stare for a moment into he coffee mug -- then raise it in a tired , ironic toast : ebert ( cont have ) well. happy Christmas ! sudden shout from the gun room : mirus ( 0.s. ) someone 's come ! CUT to : ebert 's Pov - through binoculars a small group of german soldier flit cautiously between the tree , at the bottom of the slope overlook by the bunker . Three , maybe four of they . ebert ( 0.s . ) our , alright . what 's leave of they . 15 . baumann ( 0.s. ) can I see ? CUT to : int . gun room - dusk Ebert be peer out through the loophole . he pass the binocular to baumann , then turn to neumann at the gun . ebert what 's you name ? neumann neumann , sir . Ebert look around : ( the room be dim -- light out because the loophole cover be open ) 4.7 cm cannon / machine gun ; ammo box ; door to the ammunition room ; not much else . in the b.g. , mirus be on the wall - mount field - telephone , ad - libbing terse , monosyllabic comment and reply . heydrich be lean expectantly in the doorway . Ebert turn back to neumann and indicate the huge gun ; ebert be you alright with this ? neumann nod with a hint of defiance ; neumann I use to be on a flak unit . Ebert be quiet for a moment , look sadly at this over - confident kid who should be back at home with he family . he gesture at mirus and continue ; ebert do he explain to you what 's go on ? what 's he name ? neumann mirus . yes , sir . ebert alright . keep the gun train on the tree . just in case . neumann nod . ebert ( cont have ) this be not like shoot at plane . if you have to fire , use short burst . 16 . another dismissive , slightly annoyed nod , and neumann put he eye back to the gunsight . mirus hang up the phone . he 's even more agitate , now . mirus they just say to let they know of any development . that 's all ! ebert ( ironic ) great ! sound of indistinct shout from outside . baumann they be out of the tree . come in . baumann be Pov - through binoculars the four soldier be now dodging between the concrete tank - trap , wave towards the bunker . one of they be be help along by the other . baumann ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) krupp ; schenke ; franke . can not see who they be drag . be it kreuzmann ? back to scene ebert call out to they . baumann open he mouth to shout through the loophole ... gunfire burst from the distant tree . baumann and Ebert instinctively duck , grab they rifle . baumann shit ! ! mirus scramble back to the gun . pushes neumann out of the way . take over . baumann work the bolt on he rifle . aim through the loophole . fire towards the tree . CUT to : 17 . ext . bunker - dusk panic ! the four newcomer be yell incoherently as they scramble up the icy slope , under fire from a unseen enemy . shot be come from the tree . kicking into the snow around they . pranging off the concrete tank -trap . they be in the open -- sit duck ! franke be drag the injure kreuzmann . krupp be push they along with one hand and firing blindly towards the tree with the other . schenke bring up the rear , lay down a cover fire as he back up the slope . on they face be the fear of God . schenke be hit . he shout involuntarily and stumble ; but a second later he be up again , still fire . a bullet clang against the side of franke 's helmet . he shout a string of incoherent curse . all this happen in the space of six second . CUT to : int . bunker - gun room - dusk baumann squeeze off another shot . Ebert shout at mirus ; ebert what the hell be you wait for ? mirus I can not see the enemy ! ebert just fire ! the machine gun explode into action . the noise within the confine concrete space be incredible . baumann fire again , finish he clip . pull away from the loophole . Ebert take he place instantly , fire . neumann break open a new ammo belt for the gun . heydrich finish load shell into a rifle magazine . toss it to baumann . ebert ( cont have ) they be come around the side ! baumann slam the clip into he rifle . 18 . baumann I be alright here . go ! Ebert pull away from the loophole and baumann smoothly take he place , firing immediately . heydrich catch on straight away . follow Ebert out of the room . MAIN corridor and gas lock Ebert race for the rear . heydrich hobble behind he . heydrich I will get the door . they pile into the Gas lock . Ebert branch off right . heydrich go leave , around the dog-leg to the main door . entrance defence room a small , bare , cramped room . loophole in the outer wall . Ebert be at the loophole in a instant . check outside . shout through to heydrich : ebert clear ! entrance passage heydrich pull open the door just in time for the new arrival to spill inside , almost fall over each other . he slam the door shut behind they . they collapse against the wall and sink to the floor . fora few moment they say nothing , catch they breath and gradually realise they be still alive . franke lean back with he eye close , pale and tremble , and hugging he steel helmet to he chest . Lieutenant krupp wipe he face with a handkerchief -- and look uneasily around the cramped space , pull open he collar . the muffled shoot continue in the b.g. heydrich take a look at kreuzmann , who be semi-conscious and obviously in the worst condition . heydrich what happen to the other ? 19 . schenke struggle back to he foot painfully . schenke take a wild guess ! krupp ( to heydrich ) who else be here ? heydrich Ebert and baumann . schenke start to chuckle ironically , but it emerge as a breathless cough . he look at he wounded side -- then suddenly kick the wall in a violent , cathartic release of tension . CUT to : int . gun room - dusk the machine gun be still booming . the air be thick with cordite smoke . baumann be try to shout over the noise . the gun stop momentarily . baumann enough ! hold fire ! another short burst , and the gun stop again . empty shell rattle down the collection tube . sudden , complete silence . mirus be glue , rigid , to the gunsight of the machine gun . baumann cautiously peek through the loophole . baumann ( cont have ) that might hold they for a while . krupp enter and take in the scene . he throw a glance at baumann , then address mirus . krupp be you in charge here ? mirus and neumann straighten to attention . mirus yes , sir . krupp head immediately for the loophole , and baumann step aside to give he access . he turn for the door , but krupp call he back : krupp baumann ! 20 . baumann stop where he be and wait patiently , whilst krupp study the scene outside . krupp ( cont have ) ( to mirus ) you have be on to Area Command ? mirus yes sir . krupp that cover fire be bloody late . who be on the gun ? mirus hesitates momentarily -- cough . mirus I be , sir . krupp turn away from the loophole and look mirus up and down , take in he volksgrenadier uniform , and notice for the first time how sick he appear . krupp Jesus ! you look worse than we . mirus say nothing , wait for he tell - off . neumann too be expectant -- but krupp leave it hang in the air krupp ( cont have ) what other cover fire be there , apart from this ? mirus there 's a machine gun nest across the pass , sir . -- but nobody to man it . krupp nod to himself . krupp alright . I will talk to Area Command again . in the meantime , if anything move out there , shoot . instantly ! mirus snap he heel , relieved . mirus yes , sir ! he turn back to the gunsight -- whilst neumann 's face betray a momentary disappointment and irritation that mirus be off the hook . meanwhile , krupp half -turn to baumann . 21 . krupp how long ago do you get here ? baumann just a few minute before you do . a pregnant pause . baumann ( cont have ) we look for you . krupp turn away again without reply . he look around the smoky room and suddenly seem short of breath . face close to the loophole for air , he tug at he collar claustrophobicaly , and bark a order . krupp someone turn on the vent . CUT to : int . crew room - dusk kreuzmann be help onto one of the bunk by franke and schenke , heydrich follow behind with he kit . have let go of kreuzmann , schenke slump onto the next bunk , look down again at he bleed side . he 's still steam . schenke bastard ! behind we all the shitting way . do not they know when to quit ? franke let I see it . franke try to look at he wound , but schenke shrug he off angrily , gesture at kreuzmann : schenke just get on with pamper he ! heydrich be still settling kreuzmann . heydrich ( calmly ) he 's hurt , schenke . and he lose he friend back there . schenke be not impressed , but drop the subject . franke take over the tend of kreuzmann , and heydrich hobble over to a bunk at the other side of the room . schenke ease himself back against the wall , take deep breath to calm himself and control the pain -- a Iron Cross 2nd class glint visibly on he tunic . 22 . then he rest momentarily , eying heydrich . schenke how many do you think , out there ? heydrich who know ? enough , anyway . schenke I reckon two or three sniper and a machine gun each side of the road . plus maybe a couple on demolition . heydrich ( shaking head ) more than that . schenke if we have not split up , we could have fight it out . heydrich ( impatient ) and get ourselves kill . schenke it be ten or twelve man at most . heydrich yes , and God know how many more come up from behind . schenke ( surprised ) what do you mean ? you see other ? heydrich I do not see they , no , but -- schenke then who say ? heydrich shake he head dismissively , annoyed that he have allow himself to be draw into a argument . heydrich ( weary ) do not start , schenke . schenke glance over at franke momentarily , intrigue -- then lean forward eagerly . schenke we pull back without bump into anyone else . how do you think we get out of there !? ( a pause ) ( more ) so . who r@uhenkh ecw 's @ i1 this 23 . other yank ? heydrich remain silent -- and schenke suddenly become aware that baumann be stand in the doorway , listen . baumann and schenke glare at each other for a moment -- then schenke snigger , shaking he head contemptuously . baumann stand he ground defiantly . baumann krupp want you up front schenke take a small container from he pocket , shake a pill into he hand , and toss it into he mouth . then he get to he foot and stroll to the door -- pause just long enough to glare once more into baumann 's eye -- pointedly and childishly polish he Iron Cross with he cuff -- as if to emphasis that baumann do not have one . and with that , schenke exit . heydrich ( after a moment ) Little bastard ! baumann change the subject . baumann we be go to siege condition . krupp want you to organise a rota , three - hour shift . heydrich nod , get up , and depart without further comment the shocked and injure kreuzmann meanwhile , who have remain semi-conscious throughout , be slowly come to he sense . still groggy , he struggle to focus on franke and baumann . kreuzmann ( after a moment ) do ... engel make it ? franke ( gently ) no . he 's momentarily confuse -- then anguish crease he face , as if the memory of what have happen suddenly flood back . franke ( cont have ) it 's alright . with we be safe , now . baumann watch as tear drip silently from kreuzmann 's eye . uncomfortable , he , too , depart . 24 . Left alone with kreuzmann , franke struggle to find word of comfort . franke ( cont have ) I ... could not have get to he , kreuzmann . I be sorry . kreuzmann nobody try to help he . not even I . franke do not know what else to say . instead , he slump back and blow out a weary sigh . kreuzmann compose himself slightly after a few moment . kreuzmann ( cont have ) where be this place ? franke ( a shrug ) just a anti-tank bunker kreuzmann shiver momentarily , suddenly chill . he glance around the room , as if sense something ... kreuzmann it 's not safe here . but franke be no longer listen ; he 's study the fresh bullet - dent on the side of he steel helmet introspectively , as if dwelling on the close - shave . so kreuzmann turn he attention again to he surroundings -- he gaze finally settling on the square steel hatch lead to the bunker 's emergency escape shaft ... CUT to : int . gun room - night darkness , except for the faint diffuse moonlight filter in through the loophole at which schenke be keep watch . mirus and neumann be man the cannon , while baumann , Ebert and heydrich wait expectantly just inside the doorway . krupp , meanwhile , be on the field telephone : krupp but the situation 's approach critical . -- no , we do not know that for sure . -- yes . -- yes , alright he put down the receiver , exasperate , and turn to the group . 25 . krupp ( cont have ) all unit be up at the front . no reinforcement available . we be to hold until relieved . ebert hold with what ? krupp I doubt they 'il attack the bunker . they do not know we be low on ammo , and this time they do not have the element of surprise . ebert they do not need it if there 's a armoure column head straight for we . krupp glare at he , flustered and annoyed . there be clearly still tension between the two survive halve of the group . krupp and where 's this armoure column come from ? ebert the same place they do ! we do not know what 's go on at the front line . krupp Command think it 's either a infiltration unit or a isolate pocket of resistance . schenke and what do you think about that baumann ? baumann ignore the mock tone of schenke 's voice . baumann I think there 's a lot more out there than we realise . schenke well , that 's you story , anyway . heydrich leave it , schenke . you do not know what you be talk about -- baumann do not make excuse for I . not to he ! 26 . there 's a second of icy tension -- then Ebert pick up where the conversation leave off . ebert either way , they must have spot we have no cover fire across the pass . and now that it 's dark there 's nothing to stop they surround the bunker . schenke so what ? they will not get in -- nless one of you plan on open he door for they . ac heydrich ( to krupp ) bert 's right . and despite have uperman here on we side ... ( a gesture at schenke ) without ammo , we can not stop they . om krupp and I say they will not attack . ebert why ? because it 's Christmas Eve ? krupp open he mouth to argue , but heydrich interrupt : heydrich Lieutenant , you see the way they come after we . they be not just do they job - they be try to be heroes . he hold out he sleeve , indicate the black , silver - lettere divisional insignia which they all wear heydrich ( cont would ) and if they do get in , they will not be take any prisoner . there be a moment of reflective silence which temporarily humble the group . finally , Ebert again raise he original point . ebert so . with the bunker surround , what option do we have when the ammo run out ? neumann glance at mirus , expect he to say something , but the old man be keep quiet . he then look at schenke , and summon up the courage to speak himself : 27 . neumann there 's always the tunnel . everybody look at he . CUT to : int . entrance passage & access tunnel - night Ebert drag open the bolt of a steel door . schenke , heydrich , krupp , neumann and mirus be crowded behind he , on the short flight of step run down from the entrance passage which we glimpse earlier Ebert shove the door open eagerly and shine he torch into the narrow access tunnel beyond : about ten metre long ; concrete wall ; another steel door at the other end . neumann there . through that other door ebert and what 's in there ? neumann shrug and glance at mirus , who answer reluctantly . mirus only rat . heydrich Jesus , do not tell kreuzmann . ebert ( to mirus ) I mean , what be they for ? mirus munition storage , I think . but they be never finish . ebert why ? mirus ( a shrug ) I do not know . too many cave - in maybe . they be not safe . ebert but you have be in . mirus be curiously uncomfortable . mirus not very far . 28 . neumann they must go right under the wood . there 's a main entrance at the other side of the hill . I have see it from the outside . schenke be they ever use ? could there still be ammunition store in there ? mirus I have not be in that far . TI tell you , it 's not safe . ebert why do not we take a look ? Ebert start in , he curiosity clearly arouse -- but krupp call he back impatiently . krupp no. schenke but if there 's the possibility of -- krupp ( interrupt ) we be tell to stay put . unless something happen , we will do as we be order . ( to mirus and schenke ) and you be both still on watch , in case you have forget . krupp shoos mirus and schenke back towards the gun room and follow after they , call out to Ebert as he go : krupp ( cont have ) and make sure that door 's close ! Ebert wait until krupp have go , then whisper to heydrich : ebert I could just have a quick look . heydrich you hear the Lieutenant . ebert yeah , I hear he . he 's get jumpy . 29 . heydrich well , it 's not every day two - third of the unit get wipe out in one go . ( a pause ) and look at the group he 's be leave with . Ebert ignore the comment with a shrug , pull close the access tunnel door . CUT to : int . entrance defence room - night baumann be on watch , alone . he 's cold , bored , and exhaust . he glance out through the loophole momentarily . baumann' Pov the bunker entrance be visible in the diffuse moonlight . all be quiet . as Ebert have do earlier , he focuss for a moment on the name mould above the steel door . back to scene move aside from the loophole , he fish in he tunic for a cigarette . light it with a wind - proof lighter . he then take out he wallet . fold inside be a dog-eare photograph , which he hold in the glow from the lighter : it show a young woman , cradling a cat in she arm . he study the photo , think , and the tough face of the soldier soften for a second . franke enter and catch sight of the photo before baumann snap the lighter shut . franke the watch have change . go get something to eat . baumann take another pull on he cigarette . he 's about to stub it out and leave -- but franke appear as if he want to talk , so baumann offer the butt to he . franke accept it awkwardly . franke ( cont have ) thanks . ( a pause ) so , what about the old man , eh? Jesus ! he 's sick ; he should not be here in he state . 30 . baumann none of we should be here . franke get to the point franke listen ... schenke be out of line , earlier . always try to prove something . baumann say nothing . franke ( cont have ) you hear what slip out the other week ? about how he apply to join the ss - and they would not have he !? baumann nod , a thin smile on he lip . baumann I hear . franke he 's key - up on benzedrine half the time . get too fond of it he will get we all kill , one day . franke take a long , deep , nervous pull on the cigarette . franke ( cont have ) I tell you ; I be scared shitless back there ! we have ride we luck too long , and it 's due to run out ( he pause ) half a chance and I would have do the same as you . baumann what do you mean ? franke get out of there while I could . every man for himself ! he take another pull and offer the cigarette back to baumann . but baumann just look at he curiously -- face blank -- and turn away . franke frown , confuse -- know he say the wrong thing . CUT to : int . crew room - night krupp , schenke and mirus be sit around the stove , heating soup . 31 . as they do so they ad - lib war anecdote , the warmth ana coziness -- and in mirus 's case , a bottle of spirit -- have ease the tension slightly . neumann sit nearby , listen with boyish fascination . kreuzmann be huddle on a corner bunk , asleep . mirus but he would not listen ! so , of course , when he pull the trigger it blow right back in he face . take he eye out , and half he cheek with it ! ( grim chuckle ) served he right , I say . schenke Christ ! Ebert , meanwhile , sling on he rifle and take a last gulp of he soup before head for the door to go on watch . schenke spy this and call after he . schenke ( cont have ) come on , Ebert . tell we a quick war story before you go . ebert you be the hero , schenke . not I . he depart , crossing with baumann in the doorway . schenke watch as baumann silently find a empty bunk . schenke ( to no one in particular ) and not much point ask he , be there . baumann ignore he . he take he mug from he kit-bag fill it with soup , and settles back on he bunk to drink it . mirus , meanwhile , be offer around the booze once more . cough , he pour a shot for himself and krupp , and hold the bottle out for schenke . mirus go on , have one . look upon it as medicine . schenke I tell you , I do not drink . ( change subject ) so what 's you story , anyway ? how have you get the head wound ? mirus get that on the front line , in " seventeen . Shell fragment . ( more ) 32 . some of it marasidconiin ' dpere -- but it do not bother I much . schenke pull a covert , know face at krupp . suppress a smile , krupp turn to neumann , who have be listen quietly in the b.g. , enthralled . krupp you do not say much , do you . come on , it 's you turn . neumann shuffles , uncomfortable , and unsure what to say . krupp ( cont have ) alright , never mind the war storey . how about something funny that happen to you at school ? krupp laugh . schenke and mirus join in . neumann blushes furiously , embarrassed . schenke ah , leave he . he 's alright . do not worry , kid . schenke tap he Iron Cross . schenke ( cont have ) there 's plenty of time to win one of this . this war 's not over yet believe I ! neumann look at schenke , grateful for the comment . baumann , watch the brief exchange , notice the look of reverence in neumann 's face . however , the atmosphere of anecdotal jollity have stall -- and krupp 's attention have be shift back to the present by schenke 's comment . he 's thoughtful for a moment . krupp so what else do you know about that tunnel , old man ? could we get out that way in a emergency , or not ? mirus be evasive . mirus maybe ... I be not really sure . krupp you know more than you be let on , do not you . what be you hide ? mirus shrug dismissively . 33 . mirus nothing . but krupp be still wait , so mirus finally continue : mirus ( cont have ) all I know be , there 's a whole maze of tunnel and storage chamber . maybe there 's a way through - maybe not . schenke so what happen ? why do they abandon the site ? mirus I think there be some kind of revolt by the slave- worker . the 0.t. close the site temporarily and never come back . probably the local folk - tale do not help matter . krupp what do you mean ? mirus people around here have unpleasant storey about this wood . ask the kid . he will tell you . krupp you be not talk about ghost storey ? krupp glance around the room , incredulous . mirus say nothing . krupp ( cont have ) you be try to tell I they stop construction on a military installation because of a few ghost storey ? krupp and schenke snigger -- but mirus be serious , he mind seemingly elsewhere . mirus you can laugh here . but in there -- in the dark -- it 's easy to believe all sort of thing . krupp and schenke 's derisory laughter wake kreuzmann , who emerge from he sleep disorientate . he groggily turn over on he bunk and sit upright . schenke turn he attention back to mirus , sneering . 34 . schenke so just what be this folk - tale ? mirus think for a second -- then decide . mirus alright . i’1l tell you . he shuffles , settling for he story -- take they sceptical reaction as a challenge -- and get that crazy gleam in he eye once again . he begin : mirus ( cont have ) you have to remember , this wood be ancient . older than Germany . people have talk about they for century . they use to burn witch here , because the place be suppose to be evil . but it be during the Black death that the tale really start . everybody be listen intently . kreuzmann look around , puzzle and wonder what he 's miss . mirus ( cont have ) the disease be sweeping across the continent . the village near here be isolate , and they think they could escape the infection . but there be no escape . the Plague finally take hold and start to spread through the village like wild - fire ; and once infect , friend suddenly become enemy . mirus pause theatrically , enjoy the reaction of the other as they be draw in to the story . kreuzmann be particularly unsettle . mirus ( cont no ) then , at the height of the Plague , a stranger arrive in the village . some say he be a priest . if he be , then he be a priest of the unholy . before long , he begin to turn the villager against each other . it do not take much . he offer to rid the village of the Plague once and for all . and people believe he . kreuzmann be now white as a ghost . mirus ( cont have ) one dreadful night , he rouse the villager into a frenzy . ( more ) he lead a moitrusi@ontrayp the sick 35 . and infect people out of the village , burn they house one by one . they be pursue into this wood , hunt down like dog and when they be finally surround , they be slaughter mercilessly . then they poison body be bury in the ground . kreuzmann have listen to enough . pale and tremble , he shakily get to he foot and leave the room . the spell be break . everybody shuffles uncomfortably . mirus look around . his crazy expression have go again . mirus ( cont have ) what 's the matter ? schenke glare after kreuzmann . schenke do not worry about it , old man ; he 's get no stomach , that 's all . be like that for a while . baumann look at schenke silently -- and schenke return he gaze with defiant contempt . CUT to : int . gas lock - night kreuzmann be lean over the drain beneath the water tap in the corner . head down , breathe deeply , as if about to be sick . the door of the gun room be ajar , and Ebert peer around it to see what 's go on . ebert you alright ? kreuzmann be still groggy and disorientate . he turn on the tap and take a few sip of water from he hand . then he take a few unsteady step along the corridor , clearly uncomfortable with the surroundings . kreuzmann what 's happen ? be they still out there ? ebert all the way around , probably . and this unsettle kreuzmann even more . kreuzmann you mean ... we be surround ? 36 . Ebert realise he mistake . ebert chance be , they will not try anything . kreuzmann but they could get in . if they really want to . we all know that . ebert there 's probably not enough of they to try . kreuzmann ignore he , nervously finger he cuff insignia . kreuzmann , kreuzmann and you know what they do to elite division troops . as far as they be concerned , we be no better than ss . ebert take it easy . however , will not be consol . kreuzmann there 's something about this place . something not right . almost as if we be mean to ... he trail off cryptically , then look at ebert again . kreuzmann ( cont have ) you have not figure it out yet have you . ebert what ? kreuzmann with engel and the other dead it 's just we again . just the seven of we . Ebert do seem to know what he 's talk about -- but he change the subject awkwardly . franke better get some more rest while you can . you be probably still concuss . but kreuzmann be now stare with moist , emotional eye at the motto carefully hand paint over the gun room door . it read , ' gott MIT uns '. 37 . kreuzmann ' God with we '. ( then , to Ebert ) but he 's not anymore , be he . we be on we own . and Ebert do not have a answer . kreuzmann turn away silently and head back towards the Crew room . CUT to : int . crew room kreuzmann re-enter the room as discretely as he can . the other be in the process of settling down to get some sleep . baumann be already huddle on he bunk face the wall . schenke , meanwhile , prop himself up on he pillow , flick through a army magazine . and kreuzmann wait for a moment by the door -- just watch the other pensively , as if see they for what they be for the very first time ... CUT to : ext . bunker - night a wind be beginning to gust through the tree , drive the fall snow before it . CUT to : int . bunker - gun room - night Ebert be crouch with he back to the cannon , idly blow cigarette smoke into he hand and rub they together to keep warm . heydrich be lean close to the loophole , he eyelid heavy . he breath in sharply and rub he face , try to stay awake . hear something , he cock he head to one side , listen . heydrich ( a whisper ) come here . Ebert reluctantly get to he foot . ebert what be it ? heydrich listen . 38 . they lean closer to the loophole . from the tree , carry on the wind , the faint tune of a distant harmonica ; the beautiful hymn silent night . they listen , heydrich peer outside . heydrich ( cont would ) I love the snow . for a fleeting moment , he 's move -- then he swallow , push - ing back emotion which be welling up from God know where . Ebert look at he wristwatch , struggle to see it in the shaft of dull , diffuse moonlight . ebert Midnight . it 's Christmas . CUT to : int . crew room - night all be still and quiet . all be asleep . even the hyperactive schenke , slouched casually on he bunk with he Magazine , be nodd - off involuntarily . kreuzmann 's sleep , however , be troubled . he shuffles in he bunk , unsettle -- as if have a nightmare ... CUT to : ext . forest - night a distort and surreal sequence -- typical of a dream : flaming torch , dozen of they , be dance like fire - fly between the dark , distant tree , accompany by aggressive but incoherent shout . suddenly , a group of figure burst into the foreground , also carry wooden torch and clearly in pursuit of something . they dress and appearance be strange -- like people from the middle - age . they carry spear , club , and bow . they yell excitedly , shouting encouragement to unseen comrade -- as if they have just spot something -- and speed up they pursuit . they split up quickly and rush to surround something , bear down upon it with weapon raise , then halting in satisfied anticipation when they have it cornere ... silhouett in the flicker fire - light -- huddle ina frighten , defensive group -- they quarry be reveal : 39 . a small group of man -- wear the incongruous but distinctive uniform of german soldier ... CUT to : int . bunker - crew room - night kreuzmann awake with a start . sweating profusely , take a second or two to remember where he be . then , calming down slightly , he look around to see if anyone notice he abrupt awaken . all be just as it be before -- except that mirus 's bunk be now empty . CUT to : int . entrance passage - night mirus be up to something . he creep down the short flight of step to the access tunnel door , torch in hand -- and gently work open the steel bolt . ease the door open , he pause momentarily to ensure he have not be hear -- then quietly head into the tunnel beyond , half - close the door behind he . but he 's be observe through the crack in the Gas lock door , which be not properly close ... mirus have move out of sight , kreuzmann silently open the Gas lock door . he , too , listen for a moment to ensure franke have not hear anything through the heavy steel door of the entrance Defence room . then , satisfied , he follow after mirus furtively . CUT to : int . access tunnel following kreuzmann -- as he creep along the short dark length of the tunnel , chase the faint , waver glow from mirus 's torch which be visible through the second steel door ajar at the end of the passage . he stop a yard from the door , torch in hand but not switch on . he seem to have a fleeting moment of indecision ... then a indistinct whisper draw he attention back towards mirus . kreuzmann ease closer to the door , and peer around : 40 . kreuzmann Pov mirus be stand about ten yard away , he back to kreuzmann . he 's silhouett against the dim glow from he own torch , which be just sufficient to hint at the surroundings : a tall , wide , concrete-line tunnel which intersect the access tunnel at right angle . now mirus whisper again , louder , as if call to someone : mirus Martin ! I be here . come talk to I ! he listen for a moment -- then continue forward into the darkness . back to scene despite he nervousness and confusion , kreuzmann seem to come to a sudden mental decision : use a pen-knife , he quickly begin digging and cut at the stitching of the black cuff - band on he coat . finally rip they loose , he toss they aside . then pick at the tear thread which remain in he sleeve , he slip through the door and silently go after mirus CUT to : int . bunker - crew room - night Ebert shake baumann awake as gently and quietly as he can . baumann turn over in he bunk and look at Ebert groggily , and Ebert quickly hold a finger to he mouth . ebert ( a whisper ) shhh ! do not wake krupp . but it 's too late . krupp what 's the matter , Ebert ? krupp sit up in he bunk , blink himself awake . Ebert glance sheepishly at baumann before answer . ebert I be not sure . I can not find mirus . or kreuzmann krupp glance at he wrist -watch . krupp who 's on watch ? 41 . ebert I , heydrich and franke . but it 's time for the shift - change . krupp what do you mean you can not find they ? again , Ebert be reluctant to drop he comrade in it : ebert it look like they be in the tunnel . krupp stand up , a look of confuse incredulity on he face . he move around the bunk , shaking the other awake , he sleep - befuddle mind still try to think it through . krupp ( to schenke and neumann ) up. -- get up ! schenke and neumann roll out of they bunk . krupp ( cont have ) relieve heydrich in the gun room . schenke rub he face . he do not look as if he sleep above half a hour , and he automatically reach for the container of benzedrine pill in he pocket . schenke what 's go on ? krupp do it now , please ! neumann jump to it . schenke get up and follow , glance sideways at krupp as he depart . after a moment krupp turn back to Ebert , pick up the thread of the conversation : krupp ( cont have ) they be desert . ebert we do not know that . krupp what else do you think they be do in there ? explore ? they be look for a way out . 42 . baumann if they would want to get out they could have go through the door . krupp if I remember , you be the one who suggest the bunker might be surround . the tunnel seem a pretty obvious way out to I . ( to Ebert ) whatever the reason , I want they back . ebert I 'il go . krupp alright . take heydrich . baumann heydrich 's injure . I will go . baumann stand up , strapping on he pistol belt . baumann ( cont have ) unless , of course , you do not trust I to come back . krupp return baumann 's defiant gaze . krupp just do not be too long . CUT to : int . tunnel system - night baumann and Ebert step from the access tunnel , into the wider tunnel where kreuzmann go after mirus , and they shine they torch in different direction , check the place out . this place be creepy ! bare concrete wall ; curve roof with lighting fixture ; flat concrete floor with narrow - gauge rail - track run off into the pitch - blackness in either direction ; side - tunnel branching off at interval . ebert God , the air 's foul ! Nice bit of work , though . look safe enough to I . baumann probably not all like this . they voice echo away in a eerily disembody fashion . 43. ebert I will go this way . baumann we be not stick together ? ebert why ? you scared of the dark now ? he 's wear a teasing half - smile -- which baumann return . baumann alright . we will cover more ground , at least . ebert I doubt we will find they . I find this in the access tunnel , before I wake you . he 's keep he voice low , just in case . pull out the pair of black cuff - band crudely tear from kreuzmann 's uniform . ebert ( cont have ) kreuzmann must have drop they . if krupp know about this he would send schenke after he -- or inform the field Police . or both ! Ebert look baumann in the eye -- await he response to that last statement . he 's put he trust in he . baumann he will not hear about it from I . ebert well ; if they do find a way out they 'il be long go . so why do not we take the opportunity to look around -- just in case we ever need a way out . baumann Fine with I . they split up . baumann ( cont have ) I will follow this cable duct . see if I can find a generator . ebert see you back here . Ebert wave a laconic hand in reply as he depart . 44 . baumann , meanwhile , head in the opposite direction , he torch - beam follow the power - cable run along the top of the wall . he 's only go a few pace when he torch - beam begin to weaken and flicker . he give the torch a shake , and the beam brighten again . he look around to call to he comrade : baumann Ebert ...? but there 's suddenly no sign of he , and baumann 's voice merely echoe away into the solid darkness . he 's alone . CUT to : int . bunker - gun room - night krupp be interrogate neumann . the kid be nervous , and keep look to schenke for support . but schenke -- keep watch at the loophole -- be leave thing to krupp for the moment . neumann I tell you , I do not know ! krupp why be it nobody know anything around here ? ( a sigh ) the old man 's always wander off into the tunnel , but you do not know why ! neumann he 's never go for very long . a hour or so ; just to be by himself . he sometimes get confuse . krupp snort in mock surprise ; krupp surely not !? neumann but it 's not just he head wound . or the fact that he 's get sick . he lose he son earlier this year 45 . schenke glance at neumann for a second -- then turn he attention back outside . he speak quietly : schenke we have all lose someone . krupp ( continue , to neumann ) either way , we can assume he 's show kreuzmann a way out . neumann ( shaking head ) I have ... doubt that , sir. krupp why ? neumann I be not sure mirus would let anyone go with he . he 's always tell I to stay away from the tunnel . he treat they as if they belong to he . schenke be that why he be try to frighten we with ghost storey ? to try to keep we out ? neumann maybe . he look to schenke again , now -- anxious to please . neumann ( cont have ) he sometimes act as if ... as if there 's something in there he do not want anyone to know about . krupp and schenke exchange a glance . CUT to : int . tunnel system - generator room baumann shove open the heavy steel door and step inside , shine he torch around . he 's in a longish room , with concrete partition separate the heavy utility equipment -- diesel generator ; oil burner ; air-filtration system ; all dusty , and slightly cobwebbed . he check the fuel - gauge on the generator , pull a face , and advance further into the room . shake a couple of jerry - can -- but they be empty . 46 . a table near the main electrical junction - box have be leave with a assortment of clutter pile high . baumann unroll a large diagram and study it . some kind of plan ... a noise from somewhere -- unidentifiable . baumann tense ... baumann Ebert ? he head back towards the door , fold the diagram . side - tunnel outside generator room baumann inch through the generator room door , secure the diagram inside he tunic , and shine he torch in either direction along the narrow side - tunnel . nothing . he step out and begin to head along the tunnel ... his torch beam flicker again . he pause and bang it against the wall . the beam steady momentarily ... then go out ! baumann ( cont have ) shit ! ! ( louder , now ) Ebert ! be you there ? tunnel system - elsewhere Ebert pause -- as if he hear something behind he -- then shake he head and continue forward . he study the wall and roof curiously as he move froma concrete- line tunnel - section into a unfinish section . he squeeze past a huge metal rubbish wagon , pile with rubble but abandon on the track . more clutter be scattered around : tool ; timber ; sack of concrete-mix ... movement at the extreme limit of he torch - light -- far along the tunnel -- just a glimpse as something disappear around a corner . a figure ? ebert kreuzmann ? mirus ? he head towards the movement -- stumbling along the rubble - strewn floor . side -tunnel branch off at interval , and he check each one quickly as he advance . 47 . he call again -- but he echo fragment incoherently as it bounce away through the complex of tunnel . now another noise -- a faint scurry sound . he move towards it , more cautious , beginning to have second thought about be here . he stop and listen ; the noise be gradually get louder . all of a sudden , he do not like it ! turn back the way he come . try not to rush ... but gradually speed up nevertheless . turn to look behind as the noise get even louder . then back the way he 's head ... wham ! -- as a figure rush out of nowhere , smashing into he and slamming he head violently back against the wall . he bounce forward and go down like a ton of brick ! the mysterious figure stumble off blindly into the darkness . Ebert weakly lift he batter head -- he consciousness drain away his torch be lie on its side nearby -- shine along the rough floor -- and illuminate a thousand tiny pair of eye which be scuttle towards he . and as he finally begin to black - out as he manage one final , break , panic-stricken yell a hundred filthy , scurrying rat swarm over he ... CUT to : int . tunnel system - side - tunnel outside generator room a circle of torch - light hit baumann in the face , and he put up a hand to shield he eye . krupp ( 0.s. ) ( urgent whisper ) what the hell be go on ? krupp shift the light away from baumann 's face as he step forward from out of the darkness . heydrich be with he , alert and with rifle ready . baumann be pale , and try hard to disguise he relief at be find . 48 . baumann torch fail . krupp who yell ? baumann how should I know ? I have not be able to bloody move ! krupp snatch baumann 's torch . Bangs it against the wall . flick the switch . it come on . baumann be not impressed : baumann ( cont have ) I tell you it be not work ! krupp where 's Ebert ? baumann be struggle to remain patient . he pull the diagram from he tunic and toss it at krupp . baumann take a look . this place be huge ! I do not know where Ebert be ; or any of they , for that matter . heydrich more to the point -- what happen to make somebody yell out ? krupp be behave as if he think it be baumann . krupp any idea about that , corporal ? baumann yes. Americans . krupp be wrong -foote . he have not even consider it . krupp in here ? heydrich that make sense . they could have get in from the other side of the hill . krupp ( annoyed , to both of they ) how many bloody yank do ou think there be around here .. heydrich shnn ( ater rupting ) 49 . heydrich be suddenly alert . put a hand over he torch to smother the light . he whisper : heydrich ( cont would ) you hear that ? the other two catch on instantly -- argument forget -- the professional soldier take over as they pull weapon and fall into combat readiness , flatten against the wall . krupp which direction ? heydrich hard to tell in here . the noise come again . foot on concrete . someone 's come . all they torch be off . they check both direction along the tunnel ... a glow to the leave , illuminate the rectangular end of they tunnel . they swing they gun towards it , crouching . wait . Silent . torchlight burst around the corner ... heydrich shout : heydrich ( cont have ) halt ! ! mirus ( startle ) who 's there ? heydrich mirus ?? the three soldier flash on they torch . sure enough , it 's mirus , scared half out of he wit by the surprise . they all drop they gun , blow out they breath in relief . krupp look at baumann with disdain . krupp there 's you ' Americans ' . mirus join they , irritation take over , now . mirus you should not be in here . with what be you do in here ? 50 . krupp I should be ask that question private ! what 's go on ? where 's kreuzmann ? mirus I do not know what you be talk about . I be on my way back to the bunker . why have you be follow around after I ? krupp we be not . a pregnant pause ... rifle shot , distant ... then the muffle booming of the machine - gun . a split second of realisation ... heydrich the bunker ! then they all run like hell . CUT to : int . access tunnel baumann and krupp pile inside and run along the tunnel , the booming of the gun get louder all the time . mirus and heydrich be slower , trail several yard behind . heydrich stay here . watch the tunnel . mirus remain in the access tunnel whilst heydrich follow baumann and krupp up the step into the bunker . CUT to : int . bunker - gun room - night the gun be pounding again , the air choke with smoke . neumann swing the big gun from side to side as he fire , a expression of excitement on he face . schenke be at the observation loophole , blasting off round as fast as he can work the rifle bolt . krupp burst in ; rush to help at the gun . baumann , and then heydrich , go to the loophole to back up schenke . schenke finish he clip . step aside to reload . baumann fill he position . ready to fire ... but he do not . 51 . he try to shout over the noise of the gun . a nudge from krupp , and neumann stop firing . baumann there 's nothing out there . schenke push he aside roughly . schenke what 's the matter with you ? but schenke freeze in sudden confusion as he look again outside . schenke's Pov the wind - blow hillside stretch out below , still and empty . no movement apart from the drive snow . back to scene muffled firing continue from the entrance Defence room -- but from nowhere else . krupp elbow schenke aside to look outside for himself . krupp what be you shoot at ? schenke and neumann remain silent , incredulous , whilst heydrich head for the door . CUT to : int . entrance defence room franke be sweat freely -- firing through the loophole in a steady , mechanical rhythm -- almost as if in a trance . heydrich put he hand on franke 's shoulder , and he start violently , shaking himself back to reality . lower he rifle . he look around at heydrich , frighten and confuse . franke Jesus , they be everywhere ! try to get in . I think for a minute ... heydrich easy . they have go now . CUT to : 52 . int . gun room - night krupp kick a empty ammo box against the wall . krupp use up ! shoot at shadow ! what 's the matter with everybody ? schenke they be out there ! krupp then why do not you hit anything ? look outside ! where be the body ? the other remain silent as heydrich wander back in . krupp stand there fume for a few moment before pick up where he leave off : krupp ( cont have ) I would expect it from a trigger - happy school kid ; but you , schenke ? you should lay off the pill - they be make you see thing ! heydrich franke see something too . they can not all be imagine it . schenke look at he unexpected ally curiously . baumann they be play trick on we ; hit and run tactic ; psychological warfare . krupp keep out of it , baumann ! krupp turn back to schenke , exasperate . krupp ( cont have ) what do we have leave ? schenke half a belt for the machine - gun . whatever rifle round and grenade each of we have . neumann there 's a few shell for the cannon . krupp against troops !? what good be that , you idiot ? 53. make a decision , he move purposefully to the field telephone . pick up the receiver and wind the generator handle . listen . wind the handle again . listen ... he 's suddenly no longer quite so angry . his voice be shaky : krupp ( cont have ) the line 's dead ! CUT to : int . crew room - night baumann spread the diagram he find across the table , and heydrich lean over to study it baumann it 's a site wiring diagram . not quite a map , but almost as good . look at the size of the place . heydrich quite a prize for a advance army . if they could seize it intact . baumann tell it to krupp . he can not bloody admit he might be wrong . on cue , krupp and schenke arrive , still lock in a irritable discussion -- schenke firmly push for action . schenke ... it will not be a overhead telephone line , it will be a ground cable . and if it 's route back through the tunnel , the implication 's obvious ! krupp be more subdued , now ; suddenly less sure of himself . krupp alright , suppose the Americans be in the tunnel . schenke I say we secure the entire complex , not just the bunker ; if they be in there , we push they out . heydrich with what , schenke ? 54 . schenke with we bare bloody hand , if necessary ! heydrich ignore schenke 's challenging glare . schenke continue try to persuade krupp . schenke ( cont have ) if they be in there in force , they would have storm the bunker by now . it 's get to be a manageable number . krupp be think about it all . krupp so you think kreuzmann and Ebert be dead ? schenke desert , or dead . either way , we can forget they . baumann you be all heart , schenke . schenke react suddenly and viciously : schenke shut you mouth , you bloody coward ! you have you chance to find they . from what I hear , you prefer to hide away in the dark and do nothing ! heydrich straighten up , shocked at the open accusation , and poise to come between schenke and baumann ... but baumann take it without a flinch . he glance briefly at krupp , then glare into schenke 's eye : baumann if it 's a scrap you be look for , you x11 have to do better than that . ( calmly ) get it into you head once and for all , schenke ; I be not fight the same war as you . schenke ( a snort ) be not that the truth ! schenke sneer at baumann 's refusal to escalate the confrontation . grinning triumphantly , he turn he attention back to krupp , still press he case : 55 . schenke ( cont have ) we can not let they have the tunnel ! krupp agonise for several excruciate moment ... then reluctantly nod he acceptance . krupp alright ! but if we run into too much opposition we fall back to here . my order only cover this bunker . but schenke be not listen -- he excitedly move to the diagram spread out on the table , smirk at baumann . schenke this should be interesting ! CUT to : series of shot as they prepare for combat Electrical tape stick across the lense of the torch , leave only a slit for the beam . remain ammo share out equally . equipment strapped on . gun load . bayonet fix . knive and stick -grenade tuck into boot . schenke surreptitiously pop another benzedrine pill . sequence culminate with CUT to : int . entrance passage - night ... schenke hastily secure a stick - grenade to the inside handle of the main entrance , a web of wire looping back and forth between the door-bolt and the ring - pull fuse . neumann watch as schenke finish the deadly booby - trap . neumann be that to keep they out , or we in ? schenke ( with a grin ) you catch on quick . neumann lick he lip nervously . 56 . neumann let I come with you into the tunnel . schenke shake he head , slinging he rifle over he shoulder . schenke no . you be more use here . you do alright back there , on the gun . neumann start to protest , but heydrich , baumann and krupp appear through the Gas lock , ready to go . franke follow , look at neumann and gesture back towards the entrance Defence room . franke it 's all yours , kid . schenke ( to neumann ) and keep a eye on the old man ! with that , schenke spin on he heel and lead the other down the step and into the access tunnel . CUT to : int . tunnel system the access tunnel door swing open . schenke check around the corner cautiously before they emerge . schenke have pair himself off with krupp , who 's now even more subdued , for some reason . when they speak , it 's in hushed tone : schenke we will go straight for the main entrance ; you three sweep the long way around . ( with mock deference ) if that 's alright with you , corporal !? baumann ( weary ) give it a rest , schenke . baumann turn away without further comment , and the two halve of the group cautiously set off in opposite direction . 57 . baumann , heydrich & franke franke glance back to make sure schenke and krupp be out of earshot . franke I sometimes wonder who 's really run this unit . heydrich ( to baumann ) why do you let that little bastard keep riling you ? baumann what do you want I to do ? heydrich you could start by tell he what happen back at the ambush . he think you chicken out . baumann I know what he think . and he can believe what he want to believe . heydrich shake he head . heydrich sometimes I think you enjoy be hate ! franke be intrigue : franke what do happen ? heydrich we be under fire and he come back to pull I clear after I fall . risked he neck . so if schenke ask , tell he . baumann shhh ! baumann gesture for he to be quiet , use the excuse that they be approach the first corner . franke look at baumann , they earlier misunderstanding clearly on he mind . franke ( to baumann ) so ... what you say about all that extra troops heydrich if he say he see they , franke , he see they ! ( more ) 58 . and for al hav@r@on ( cdiheydye in here , now , wait for we . baumann pause by the corner . flatten against the wall , he carefully peer around into the darkness , then check with he torch before nodd the all - clear . they then look back momentarily along the dark length of the tunnel they have just cover : there Pov in the black distance , the pin-prick of light from schenke and krupp 's torch wink out as they turn a invisible bend . back to scene the three of they be now on they own . baumann consult he hastily copy map . baumann from now on we will have to be careful . the leg alright ? heydrich for the moment . but let I set the pace , will you . I can not go too fast . baumann after you . they set off again into the next length of tunnel . heydrich slightly ahead on one side , baumann and franke on the other side . all of they hug the wall , gun in one hand , torch in the other -- the mask beam of the torch allow only sufficient light to see where they be tread -- hold away from they body in case someone take a pot-shot at the light they be alert to the slight sound ; the faintest trace of torch - light ahead . ready , if necessary , to fight . CUT to : int . bunker - entrance defence room - night neumann be concerned . 59 . the wind be now blow fiercely outside , blast fleck of snow through the narrow loophole at which he 's position . he 's do he best to keep watch , but he eye be water against the powerful , freezing draft . mirus enter the room behind he , and neumann become even more agitate . neumann why be not you watch the front ? but mirus no longer seem to care . he appear wear out , and be now cough badly . mirus what 's the point ? we can not see anything out there . neumann mirus , they leave we in charge at this end ! we have a responsibility . mirus ( angry ) look , they be the one who bring all this down on top of we . we be do fine until they turn up ! his sudden anger precipitate another cough fit . he lean back against the wall to recover . mirus ( cont have ) if the Americans attack , let the other deal with it . I have do enough . dammit , I do my bit twenty - five year ago ! neumann suddenly start to panic , the responsibility for everything suddenly dumped on he shoulder . he think fast try to reason with the old man . neumann look , you can not just give up now . we have to do what we can , and at least warn the other of a attack . mirus the danger be not even out there . it 's in that tunnel . neumann what be you talk about ? mirus look at neumann defiantly . 60 . mirus Martin tell I . neumann can not hide he exasperation . neumann you son 's dead , mirus . he die at normandy . you tell I so yourself . mirus do not look at I like that ! I tell you he talk to I . neumann you be confuse again , do not you see ? Martin be dead ! mirus they just think I be a crazy old man . you all do ! but there 's something about that tunnel . in there , Martin come back to I . neumann be just listen , now -- something about mirus 's conviction which unsettle he . mirus ( cont no ) why do you think I have be go in there for the past three week ? I go to see he . the tunnel be like a doorway , for the dead to come back . neumann can not quite believe what he 's hearing -- but mirus continue . mirus ( cont no ) Martin tell I to be careful ; never to let anyone else in . tonight I find out why . tonight , when he come back ... other come back with he . CUT to : int . tunnel system schenke and krupp be proceeding in the same cautious fashion as the other three : schenke lead the way like a prowling panther , visibly itching for a scrap , and check every side - tunnel and chamber with alert anticipation . 61 . krupp , however , be increasingly unnerve , look around anxiously at the confine space and try hard not to betray a clear case of claustrophobia , which be grow as they progress deeper into the tunnel . they enter a unfinish section of tunnel , water drip from the roof . after a few yard krupp pause to study the map , lean back against the shore wall as he again loosen he collar ... a creak -- and a stream of earth spill from the roof . schenke Christ ...! they freeze , coiled -- until the stream abate . schenke ( cont have ) do not touch a thing . this place be a death - trap ! and this have not do anything for krupp 's nerve ! a deep breath , and off they go again . along ... through into another fully finish section . whitewash wall , now . a steel doorway ahead and to the right , with stencill lettering overhead : mun - R . they take up position either side of the door . schenke reach for the handle . he push the door open and follow it inside quickly , shine he torch around . munition storage room krupp be right behind he -- and he stop in amazement , he anxiety momentarily forget at the sight before he : a fully stock ammunition store , abandon and forget ! row upon row of wooden rack , stack with cannon shell and box of assort calibre . more box -- grenade , and rifle and machine gun round -- pile in the corner . enough ammo to defend a bunker for six month -- gather dust ! schenke begin to chuckle like a excited child . schenke ( cont have ) I do not believe it ! 62 . he 's like a kid in a sweet store ; he do not know where to start ! finally , he crouch over a box of rifle ammo and begin to prise it open with he bayonet . schenke ( cont have ) come on , help I ! now we can fight back properly . now there 's no excuse ! but krupp do not quite seem to share he enthusiasm . heydrich , baumann & franke arrive at a junction of several tunnel . they carefully check each direction . baumann we need to go leave here , but the other tunnel to the right will still have to be check out . heydrich massage he thigh gingerly , wince in pain . heydrich start bleed again . baumann look ; you stay here . we will check the other tunnel quickly , then we can move on . heydrich think about it for a second , but shake he head . heydrich that 's stupid . we should all stick -- faint noise from up ahead and they be instantly alert , hand cover they torch . baumann silently dodge across the intersection and begin to creep forward , hugging the wall , crouching with rifle point towards the sound . heydrich and franke fall in at the other side of the tunnel . scuttle noise again ... baumann snap on he torch , rifle point -- and a pair of rat skitter off into the blackness , squeaking . the soldier blow out they cheek in relief , uncoil 63 . suddenly -- a human shape burst from a side - tunnel ahead and charge away around a corner -- german uniform -- torch wave wildly in its hand . baumann ( startle ) Christ !! heydrich get he ! we be behind you ! baumann race after the flee figure . heydrich and franke follow a few yard behind , cover baumann 's back . baumann reach the corner . Quick look -- just in time to see the figure dodging around the next corner . baumann run the length of the tunnel . the other two still behind . reaches the next junction : another unfinish tunnel . several yard to the leave , a side - tunnel branch off -- a break wooden barricade across the mouth -- recognisable as the same location we see during the prologue . Broken as if something have smashed it aside from within . and from inside , the brief shifting glow of a torch -- which then go out . baumann gesture to heydrich that the flee figure be in the side - tunnel , and whisper urgently : baumann that barricade be there for a reason . it could lead to a way out ! heydrich nod encouragement . baumann dodge quickly to the far side of the partly - barricade tunnel mouth . heydrich take position on the near side . franke hang back , cover they both . they wait -- listen . nothing . baumann point he torch into the side - tunnel , keep he head out of the way , and flick on the beam . nothing happen . no shot aim at the torch . 64 . so he peek around the corner to have a look : baumann' Pov crudely shore , claustrophobic tunnel which run for several yard before curving off into the blackness . a huge amount of clutter and junk and wooden beam , casting large black pool of shadow . but no sign of anyone . back to scene baumann straighten up . make a decision . nod to heydrich . sweep quickly around into the tunnel mouth ... continuous scream as someone charge out of the blackness , smashing into baumann and bulldoze he back out of the side - tunnel and into the far wall , knocking the wind out of he . baumann 's torch clatter to the floor and the subsequent struggle become a crazy pattern of shifting black shape in the weak yellow glow . the blind , hand - to-hand combat which follow be rapid and deadly ! heydrich leap to baumann 's assistance . baumann ( cont have ) ( at heydrich ) wait ! it 's kreuzmann ! heydrich hesitates at the revelation ... ... but the dement kreuzmann seem not to hear , turn and club heydrich mercilessly with a length of timber . heydrich go down -- out cold . franke leap on kreuzmann 's back , grab the arm which hold the club . baumann go for the leg , but kreuzmann be ready , spin around and kicking out viciously ... then pushing backwards violently so franke be slammed against the wall and shake loose . baumann be into the fray again instantly , barging into kreuzmann and knock he to the ground , jump on top of he and shout : baumann ( cont have ) kreuzmann ! it 's we ! 65 . he still do not hear . he scramble free and run for it . franke what 's the matter with he ? baumann grab he torch and race after he , franke right behind . they run he to ground within second , grabbing he from either side and pinning he against the wall as he yell incoherently . franke ( cont have ) Jesus , kreuzmann , get a hold on yourself ! baumann kreuzmann ! listen to I ! kreuzmann screw he eye shut , panting furiously . when he open they again he 's calm down slightly , he struggle ease . baumann ( cont have ) it 's we . you be alright , now . recognition slowly seep into kreuzmann 's eye ... and he suddenly break down , sobbing . franke look at baumann . franke something scared the live hell out of he ; and it be not we ! schenke & krupp have leave the munition room and be creep cautiously along a tunnel wall . schenke be now armed to the tooth -- pocket and belt bulg with ammo and grenade -- and he desire for a confrontation have increase exponentially . schenke I tell you I hear something . krupp if the other have run into trouble there would have be shoot . schenke I would not count on it , know that lot . they be probably yell surrender . 66 . schenke continue quickly to the next corner , listen for a second to the silence , then peer around with the torch . to the right , a wide main tunnel run off into blackness . to the leave , the same tunnel run up a shallow slope to the huge steel door of the main tunnel entrance . schenke ( cont have ) cover I . he 's go even before krupp can get into position . in a run crouch , schenke dash up the ramp to the steel door , and shine he torch over they . the huge bolt be padlock and rusted into place . a smaller man-size doorway , set into one side of the big door be lock and seal . a mesh of fine cobweb cover the lock . he push against the door with all he weight . they do not shift a millimetre . put he ear to the door and listen ... just audible above the gust wind , the faint sound of footstep crumping through snow . then , incoherent whisper . schenke pull away and dash back to krupp , perplex . schenke ( cont have ) the door be seal . nobody get in this way . but there 's definitely someone out there . krupp wipe he face , relieved . krupp as long as they be not in here . he shine he torch around the higher , arched roof of the main tunnel , clearly more comfortable with the extra space , and relax slightly . but schenke remain alert . schenke there must be another way in we do not know about -- a vent ; escape shaft ; something ! schenke move off along the main tunnel without wait for a reply . krupp fall in behind , reluctantly , as schenke continue he rapid left-right check of the side - tunnel and chamber branching off either side . krupp what about the other ? we should wait here , where we agree ! 67 . schenke we do not even know if they be still come . krupp be lose he patience . krupp I still have not see anything to suggest anybody 's in here apart from ourselves ! but schenke be not listen -- freeze suddenly , and peer around the corner of a unfinish side - tunnel . he glance around at krupp , gesture with he head for krupp to take a look at he discovery . krupp move curiously to the corner , and schenke illuminate with he torch beam -- ebert body spread - eagle horribly on the floor . only just recognisable . cover in rat -- and half - eat . back to scene as krupp turn away , cover he mouth and retching . schenke almost appear pleased . schenke satisfied ? schenke head into the side -tunnel , kick at the rat as they skitter away into the blackness . then he kneel beside Ebert 's body . reaching out to look at the wound at the side of he head ... schenke ( cont have ) look like somebody -- a sudden spasm and Ebert 's body convulse . schenke and krupp jump , cursing . schenke ( cont have ) Christ ! ( a pause , then ) just a muscle spasm . he 's dead . baumann' group kreuzmann be slump against the tunnel wall , freeze rigid with fear -- he entire body tremble . 68 . baumann crouch over he , try he best to sooth he nerve . but kreuzmann 's in no shape to hold a conversation ; he keep drift off into a world of he own , ranting . kreuzmann : get confuse . lose mirus . then the other start follow I . whisper to I ! baumann it 's alright . I be leave here in the dark . I know what it 's like ; the pitch blackness , the distort sound . I be frighten , too . kreuzmann they be in here . they have come back for we ! meanwhile , franke have be tend to the unconscious heydrich , where he fall several yard away . he gesture now at baumann , and baumann leave kreuzmann momentarily to join he . franke heydrich 's have a bad blow . give I a hand , will you ? baumann support heydrich 's head while franke get to work with a field dress -- glance at kreuzmann anxiously . baumann ( gesture at kreuzmann ) he 's finally crack . I do not think he even know where he be . franke could be delay shell - shock . maybe he clobbere Ebert the same way he do heydrich . they both glance over at he . kreuzmann be listen to they distant , incoherent whisper ... but be stare beyond he present location ... elsewhere ... CUT to : ext . wasteland - day another place , another time . 69 . a desolate stretch of bomb - out railway marshall yard , dot with rubble and ruin shed and disus roll stock . a small , agitate crowd of german soldier . confusion . kreuzmann , terrify , be be frogmarched towards the other soldier by two black - uniform ss guard . somewhere in the b.g. , someone be whispering a prayer ... CUT to : int . tunnel system heydrich moan , delirious . franke it 's no good . we need to get he back to the bunker . ( gesture at kreuzmann ) both of they . baumann look dubious . baumann easier say than do . let 's see if kreuzmann can walk himself back . they leave heydrich momentarily , head the short distance back along the tunnel to where kreuzmann be still crouch . take one arm each , they lift he to he foot . kreuzmann be not too sure about it , look blankly from one to the other . then they try to walk he back towards where heydrich be slump -- back towards the barricade side-tunnel ... CUT to : ext . wasteland - day as kreuzmann experience another flashback . still be frog - march by the ss guard ... CUT to : int . tunnel system kreuzmann resist , push backwards with he foot . baumann and franke try to force he , and he start become upset . kreuzmann no ... 70 . franke easy ! we be go to get heydrich , then we be go back to the bunker . you can rest there . they try again , take kreuzmann 's weight and pull he forward . his eye focus on the side - tunnel ahead ... kreuzmann no ! he suddenly go mad ! break from they grasp , violently . turn and run . franke God , not again ! baumann and franke try to catch he , but he 's too fast . disappear around a corner . baumann let he go . we can not leave heydrich . franke he 's scared out of he mind . maybe something do happen down here . baumann maybe we have better check that tunnel while we be here . that seem to be what be spook he . they check heydrich again quickly , then turn they attention to the barricade side - tunnel . they step through the break barricade cautiously . Advance along the tunnel . check each black pool of shadow , cast by the clutter all around . a squeaking noise now become apparent as they follow the curve around to the leave . franke shine he torch down suddenly upon a carpet of rat ahead . franke if there 's rat in here , there 's get to be something else . then they torch begin to flicker simultaneously . 71 . they freeze , worried . shake they torch to get they work properly -- but they continue to flicker intermittently . baumann and franke exchange a glance then gingerly press on , be careful not to startle the rat , which retreat slowly from the advance light . the wall here be bare , not even shore with wood -- carve out of the earth and leave abandon even before be strengthen ... : and suddenly franke cry out involuntarily as he torch illuminate a wall ahead . baumann , too , shift he torch beam up from the floor -- and react similarly , recoil in dread . baumann God almighty ! human corpse -- dozen of they . ancient ; half -rotted and half -mummify . suspend from floor to ceiling in the bare earth of the excavate , crumble wall . and wherever they can reach , the army of rat be feed off the desiccate remain . baumann retch and back away , hugging the tunnel wall . baumann ( cont have ) mirus 's story . the Plague victim ! franke cover he mouth -- a hideous realisation dawn on he face . franke oh , Christ , that 's it . mirus ! baumann what ? franke that could be what 's wrong with mirus . do not you see ; he 's get the Plague ! they shudder in horror simultaneously and involuntarily . baumann pull out he handkerchief and cover he nose and mouth defensively . franke ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) that 's no good ! you get it from flea bite ! Rat fleas ! 72 . baumann that 's it ; fuck this place . we be get out . but before they can even move , something begin to happen ... as if trigger by they own voice , a faint whispering begin to emanate from all around they . multiple voice overlap . unclear at first -- but as it become louder , odd phrase stand out . it be a whispered prayer -- but far from comforting , in this context -- quite the opposite . come from nowhere -- and everywhere -- with no explanation . baumann and franke -- both terrify -- do not need to say another word . they turn and run instinctively -- back around to where heydrich be lie . drag he to he foot ... and get the hell out of there ! schenke & krupp be also at the receive end of the ghostly whisperings . they be quickly back away up the tunnel towards the main entrance , gun aim and ready -- back away from the whispering sound emanate from the darkness . krupp be now really edgy -- and beginning to hyperventilate ; schenke be frustrated at not be able to spot a visible enemy . schenke they be play game with we ! now do you believe I !? krupp most certainly do . and as they near the main entrance , another disturbance make they spin around , even more alarmed ... a sudden rattling of the huge steel door , as if someone be try to get in . schenke ( cont have ) they be everywhere ! back to the ammo dump . 73 . a flat - out run back to the munition room , the ghostly voice follow behind they . schenke turn to stand and fight . but krupp keep go , back towards the bunker . schenke ( cont have ) what be you do ? krupp we be pull back ! I tell you before ! schenke that be before we find the ammo . we can not leave it for they . krupp it 's too late , dammit ! we can not hold they off . come on ! krupp continue back , into the dangerous unfinish section they pass through on the way . schenke be still argue as he chase after he : schenke we have get a responsibility here . let 's stand and fight ! but krupp shake he head , no longer even try to hide he fear . schenke stop , determine to go no further . schenke ( cont have ) then I will do it alone . krupp you will do as you be bloody tell , for once ! now come on ! schenke ignore he and turn back towards the munition room ... and suddenly the whisperings be shatteringly loud -- seem to press down upon they . and even schenke cower involuntarily before it . following kreuzmann as he race blindly through the tunnel , bouncing off the wall and around the corner . envelop by the overpower whisper , and out of he mind once again with fear . uncontrollably yelling . 74 . around another corner ... and there 's a light ahead . straight towards it at full pelt , still wailing crazily ... krupp & schenke turn in panic to face this new ' menace ' as it race towards they from out of the darkness -- a loud yell get louder -- louder now than even the other noise . krupp crouch with he gun aim . krupp ( cont have ) who go there ? stop ! -- stop !! but it keep come . closer ... louder ... krupp open FIRE . schenke join in . firing repeatedly towards the approach figure . kreuzmann be stop dead in he track . jerk like a puppet as bullet rip into he . still be riddled even as he go down . schenke & krupp continue firing , unaware , catch up in the frenzy of the moment . but the pounding shockwave of the gunfire be too much for the fragile roof . a roof- beam shift ; earth begin to pour down . schenke shout and scramble backwards ... ... but krupp be too slow . a loud crack -- and the entire roof crash down on top of he . baumann , franke & heydrich have stop where they be , listen to the die echoes of the distant gunfire . and then the sudden , oppressive silence . 75 . baumann and franke peer around , frighten and unsure . but slowly get a grip on themselves again , now the terrifying ghostly sound have abate . franke this be insane ! this can not be happen ! baumann maybe the old man be right about this place . heydrich , meanwhile -- still support between they -- be drift in and out of consciousness . heydrich ( confuse ) what be it ? be they attack ? baumann we do not know what the hell be go on . franke ( to baumann ) what do we do ? baumann look at heydrich , he mind racing as he weigh up fear against duty , friendship against responsibility . baumann God know . one thing at a time ! they hoist heydrich upright again , and with a fearful glance behind , push on as quickly as they can . schenke be freeze against the wall , panting with the adrenalin rush and stare at the nearby cave - in as the cloud of dust begin to clear . krupp 's foot be stick out from underneath the huge pile of rubble -- twitching violently and accompany by a almost inaudible , smother scream . schenke do nothing . remains coldly immobile until the scream die and the foot lay still -- if anything , annoyed that the faint noise might have attract attention . he continue listen to the silence for a few moment . satisfied , he lower himself into a combat-crouch . 76 . glide forward to the wall of rubble which almost -- but not quite -- block off the width of the tunnel . listen again -- then shine he torch through towards the bullet - riddled shape lie motionless fifteen yard away . silently climb through the jag gap and creep forward . reaches the body , roll it over and study the face . kreuzmann ! for a moment , schenke be curiously unmove by the irony of the situation . then he laugh . a silent , panting laugh as he cover he mouth and sit back on he haunch . laugh until tear begin to drip from he eye -- and it 's no longer clear if he 's laugh or cry . CUT to : int . bunker - entrance passage - night neumann have make he mind up . he march through towards the access tunnel , torch in hand , mirus trot along behind . mirus do not be a fool ! whatever the shoot be , it 's over . you can not help they . neumann pause at the bottom of the step and glance at mirus with a curious expression -- a mixture of fear and distaste . then he head quickly into the access tunnel . CUT to : int . access tunnel again , mirus follow along behind . mirus what be you try to do ; impress they ? why do not you ever listen to I , you little idiot . -- neumann !? but neumann break into a trot -- not want to listen -- and vanish around the corner into the tunnel complex . without he torch , mirus can not follow . he 's suddenly alone . 77 . mirus ( cont have ) alright , then ! get yourself kill ! for what ? after a moment he turn back towards the bunker . but some - thing make he hesitate -- draw he attention back towards the blackness of the tunnel . he lean forward , peer ... be that a shape in the darkness ...? mirus ( cont no ) Martin ? his face twitches into a half -smile ... and he begin to hold a conversation with someone unseen . mirus ( cont have ) Martin , what 's happen ? I do as you say ; I keep away ! ( a pause as he listen ) I could not stop the other ; they would not listen to I . tell I what 's go on . he listen again -- and the smile drop from he face . mirus ( cont no ) oh , my God ! he begin slowly retreate to the bunker -- still listen to ' Martin 's ' silent instruction -- he unease grow . mirus ( cont no ) oh , God ! -- yes . -- yes , alright ! I be go ! he reach the door and hesitates just for a moment ... only to hear the faint sound of multiple footstep approach from the tunnel . CUT to : int . bunker - entrance passage - night mirus jump through the doorway and slam the heavy steel door close behind he , lock the bolt . he race quickly up the stair , turn for the door -- and realise the booby - trap grenade be still wire to the handle . someone begin hammering on the access tunnel door . without further hesitation , mirus run for the -- 78 . crew room and straight for the emergency escape . pull the steel hatch open . CUT to : int . access tunnel baumann bang again on the door to the bunker . baumann mirus ! neumann ! for God 's sake , it 's we ! he turn a expression of ghastly exasperation at franke and heydrich behind he . baumann ( cont have ) I do not believe it ! CUT to : int . bunker - emergency escape chute - night mirus drag himself through the short crawl - way and into the narrow concrete chute which lead straight up to the roof of the bunker , four metre above . as he start climb the iron ladder , the wind howl overhead . CUT to : ext . bunker - on the roof - night mirus push aside the snow - cover camouflage - netting which cover the top of the chute . cautiously poke he head above the surface , squinting to see in the drive snowstorm . holding a white handkerchief of surrender in he hand , he begin to haul himself clear of the chute . something move behind he . a figure , approach quickly and silently . mirus do not see until it 's too late , and he 's CUT to : int . tunnel system grab from behind -- a knife at he throat . neumann 's eye be wide with fear as he assailant hesitates then whisper quickly in he ear 79 . schenke shhh ! schenke ease he grip around neumann 's mouth , but leave the vicious - look commando knife prodding into he windpipe . schenke ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) what the hell be you do in here ? be you look to get out ? neumann no ! I hear the shoot . come to help ! schenke what about keep lookout , you idiot ? neumann there 's a snowstorm blow outside . we could not see a thing . could not hear a thing . schenke be still dubious . neumann ( cont have ) mirus be still keep watch -- but I think I would be more help in here ! schenke let go , and neumann look around at he for the first time : schenke 's face be taut with tension -- he eye contain the first faint gleam of insanity . schenke quickly check in both direction -- listen intently to the silence -- then whisper urgently . schenke be you really ready to help ? to do whatever 's require ? neumann yes . schenke ready to take on the responsibility of wear that uniform ? despite he obvious fear , neumann reply defiantly . neumann yes . schenke then do as I say . without question . you understand ? 80 . neumann nod , and schenke quickly continue : schenke ( cont have ) they be in here . the yank . there can not be many -- but they be play trick . try to confuse we . pick we off one by one . neumann nod again as schenke hand he a couple of clip for he rifle . schenke ( cont have ) the Lieutenant 's dead ; the other can not be trust ; so it 's up to we . we give the enemy nothing ! CUT to : int . access tunnel heydrich be slowly come around , take a sip from baumann 's water flask . they be hunch nervously beside the seal door to the bunker : franke keep watch towards the tunnel ; baumann wiping heydrich 's brow with a wet handkerchief . baumann God know what be happen . franke have a idea -- that we have be hit with some kind of nerve - gas . heydrich Jesus ! franke make we hallucinate . it 's the only thing that make sense . baumann it would explain a lot ... but there 's a edge in baumann 's voice , as if he 's not really convinced . franke , however , be sure : franke it explain everything ! heydrich sit up a little straighter , squinting painfully as he befuddle mind struggle with the situation . heydrich and the other ? 81 . baumann who know ? the shoot stop pretty quickly , then nothing . heydrich gesture at the bunker door heydrich so what now ? baumann they be not answer . I think they hear we come and assume we be yank . maybe they be just scared and keep quiet -- or maybe they have already surrender . heydrich in which case there could be platoon of Americans at the other side of this door , listen to we ... baumann or head right for we through the tunnel . franke wipe he mouth nervously . franke both , know we luck ! -- the problem be , if we be lapsing into hallucination , we can not be sure of anything we see or hear . -- anything ! CUT to : int . tunnel system - munition storage room neumann be carefully pile cannon shell onto a bed of wood and sack -cloth , construct against the base of a fully - laden shell - rack . schenke trot over , carry a couple of break - open shell case . schenke wait a minute ... he pour some of the cordite from the shell case over neumann 's bonfire - type construction , then slowly back away towards the door , leave a cordite trail along the concrete floor : schenke ( cont have ) alright . more wood and sacking on top . quickly ! 82 . neumann what happen to we when this lot go up ? schenke do not worry . we will not be around here . we have get other thing to take care of . schenke smile with secret amusement . but , as if on cue to wipe the smile away , the ghostly noise begin again -- very faint at first -- this time a distant , unearthly muttering and sobbing . neumann crouch , horrify -- hearing the sound for the first time -- grow pale as the full reality of the situation dawns upon he . schenke flatten himself beside the doorway , listen . he 's perfectly calm as he speak : schenke ( cont have ) they be come again . CUT to : int . access tunnel franke and baumann scuttle to the end of the tunnel , peer around into the blackness as the muttering draw nearer . franke dear God , what now ? heydrich join they ; like neumann , he too be hearing this for the first time . he can not quite believe it . heydrich listen to it ! it have to be the Americans , try to panic we . franke ( to heydrich ) so what do we do ? heydrich blow that door , if we can . now ! franke but it will give away we position . baumann ( to heydrich ) I be with you . let 's try it . . . 83 . baumann pull a stick grenade from he boot . get a nod of readiness from the other two . unscrew the cap . pull the loop of string to pop the fuse ... toss the grenade the length of the access tunnel , drop it smack at the base of the bunker door . all three pile out into the main tunnel , take cover either side of the access tunnel mouth . Three second ... four ... five blang !! and the sharp , deafen blast reverberate away throughout the tunnel -- and even here , the line concrete wall and ceiling seem to creak under the strain . CUT to : int . munition storage room schenke and neumann listen to the die echoes of the blast . schenke that be the booby - trap ! they be come in from both end , now . ( pointedly , to neumann ) be you ready ? neumann nod , pale and tremble . schenke take out he benzedrine pill , shake one into neumann 's hand , and tip the remainder -- five or six -- into he own mouth . neumann pull out a small hip -flask and offer it schenke . and this time , schenke take it . wash down he pill with a belt of booze . neumann do the same . then schenke crouch with he wind - proof lighter -- touch off the trail of cordite on the floor . as it fizhes quickly towards the make- shift bonfire , schenke take a final deep breath , hoist he rifle . schenke ( cont have ) this be it . if it move , shoot ! he lead the way out into the tunnel . CUT to : int . access tunnel baumann 's torch bore a path through the thick cloud of smoke and dust as he quickly feel he way , cough and choke , along the access tunnel . 84 . he emerge from the fog to find the bunker door dent -- but intact . his face be a picture of despair . he kick at the door impotently as heydrich arrive behind he . baumann shit ! -- if anything , it 's jamme in tighter ! heydrich join in , kick at the door as best he can with he good leg -- but it 's useless . heydrich you bastard ! open up ! he give up , slumping against the wall as a wave of dizziness overwhelm he momentarily . baumann stop , too . baumann alright . alternative plan . can you run ? heydrich not much choice , be there . they reluctantly turn away and scurry back to where franke be guard the doorway into the tunnel . the ghostly noise be still apparent -- and even closer now . franke dammit , that can not to be real ! heydrich ( to baumann ) so what be this alternative plan ? baumann find schenke and krupp ? find the main entrance ? take you pick ! the three glance at each other -- but none can think of anything better . CUT to : int . tunnel system as they dodge out of the access tunnel doorway and advance in a well - rehearse manoeuvre -- franke set the pace at point , baumann and heydrich guard they rear . heydrich this be some fuck Christmas , alright ! 85 . and follow they slowly all the way , the ghostly muttering of the unseen pursuer . munition storage room the dry sack - cloth bed of the bonfire burst into flame as the fizzing fuse - trail hit it . the flame build quickly through the tangle lattice of wood , lick at the brass case of the pile cannon shell ... baumann , franke & heydrich franke gesture for the other to follow as he advance around a corner . baumann and heydrich trail after he , still watch the rear ... flash from the darkness ahead -- follow immediately by pounding gunfire . bullet chop into the wall -- into the floor . they scramble backwards in panic , return FIRE . take cover around a corner , still firing blindly back towards the unseen sniper -- until they gun click on empty . baumann I be out ! heydrich I too . franke fish one final five- round magazine from he pocket pushes it into he rifle with a tremble hand . franke last chance , then . he fire once around the corner , then they run for it along the side - tunnel in which they have take refuge . schenke & neumann schenke , in the shelter of a recess doorway , lower he smoking gun and quickly change magazine -- listen . neumann , meanwhile , be shaking like a leaf -- for this be he first ever taste of run combat . schenke hiss at he : schenke they be get away ! come on ! 86 . neumann follow along blindly as schenke break cover baumann , franke & heydrich they clatter along the side - tunnel -- stealth now sacrifice for speed . franke be pull ahead , but baumann , drag along heydrich , be unable to keep up . franke skid to a halt at a junction of cross-tunnels , and check in each direction : a moment of dreadful , realisation ... Far along the tunnel , high - light as just the vaguest of flitting , ambiguous shape -- figure seem to be dodging from cover to cover -- in every direction . and the uncanny voice continue menacingly . as baumann and heydrich arrive behind he , franke pull back he face ashen and fearful . franke Christ , they be everywhere ! we do not have a chance ! baumann take franke 's place , peer around the corner baumann where be they ? I can not see ... but franke turn to face the direction they have just come . footstep be now rapidly approach along they tunnel ... and franke be move to meet they . franke this be it . we have nothing leave to fight with . heydrich franke , wait ...! franke let 's try to reason with they . they can not kill we ; it 's Christmas day ! baumann 's not convinced ; he pull heydrich around the corner away from the approach footstep , look around wildly for other sign of threat -- he bayonet ready ... franke continue forward , toss he rifle aside and raise he hand : 87 . franke ( cont have ) enough ! we surrender . do not shoot ! torchlight burst from the blackness ahead . franke stop , pin like a moth in the glare . franke ( cont have ) we give up ! do you hear ? schenke I hear . franke be startle by the familiar voice . he drop he hand . franke schenke ! thank God ! Quick , they be all over the place . baumann and heydrich , too , be relieved . they quickly step back around the corner , shield they eye against the glare from schenke 's torch . the dialogue exchange be rapid : heydrich do you find the way out ? where be it ? schenke move the light away from they eye -- allow they to see the pistol he 's point at they -- and the rifle which neumann also have train on they . schenke nobody 's get out . not they . or we . baumann can tell instantly from schenke 's expression that something 's not right . baumann where would you get all the ammo , schenke ? what 's go on ? who 's in the bunker ? schenke what 's go on be this : krupp 's dead . so be Ebert and kreuzmann . and lack a suitable replacement , I have assume command . heydrich Jesus ! what happen ? 88. schenke you three be not at the rendezvous , that 's what happen . baumann now wait a minute ... schenke never where you should be , baumann ! but this be the last time . ( to neumann ) take a look , kid ; this be the reason we be lose the war franke for Christ 's sake , schenke , they be just around the corner ! do something ! but schenke merely straighten he arm , aim even more deliberately at franke 's face . schenke ( continue , to neumann ) the reason we have be pull back for the last six month ! coward who will not bloody fight ! the tension be suddenly electric . neumann , too , now see the way thing be head , and begin to shuffle nervously . franke plead with schenke . franke we have have nothing to fight with ! just show we the way out , will you ! schenke do not worry about the Americans . I have take care of that . but first thing first . -- time to weed out the traitor . baumann do not wait for schenke to continue . he look straight into neumann 's eye and address he . baumann do not listen to he . can not you see ? he 's half out of he mind ! schenke time to prove yourself , kid ! they do not deserve to wear that uniform . prove that you do . neumann look at schenke . 89 . neumann what ? schenke do I have to spell it out ? neumann look at the other , wide - eye -- he rifle still point at they . neumann but ... baumann ( to neumann ) do not listen to he ! schenke they be traitor and coward ! you know the law . shoot they ! neumann I can not ... I can not just ... but schenke suddenly grab neumann 's hair with he free hand , and shake he head violently . schenke damn you ! that 's a order ! do it ! neumann be tremble as he aim he rifle at baumann and screws he eye shut -- tensing himself for the shot ... baumann wait for it ...! a terrific blast -- ripping through the complex as the distant munition room finally , inevitably goe up ! the wall shake . schenke , off balance , let go of neumann and open FIRE on the other himself . franke be hit in the arm as he instinctively charge schenke , crashing into he and knock he off he foot . baumann knock neumann 's rifle aside and slap he hard across the face , furious ! continue slapping he back and forth . another deep blast shake the tunnel . schenke be on he back on the floor , scrabbling for he torch and gun . baumann shout to the other : baumann this way ! run! 90 . franke and heydrich help each other . baumann grab neumann by the scruff of the neck and drag he away . franke not that way ! the soldier ...! baumann I know what I be do ! come on ! and he lead they straight forward without hesitation , across the junction and along the next tunnel . schenke climb to he foot , watch as the other escape into the darkness . and he begin to emit , incongruously , a growl moan of frustration ... as the distant explosion continue , almost drown out the ghostly muttering ... : a deep , extend wailing moan -- which slowly build in pitch and fervour into a long , furious , bellow of insane rage ! baumann , franke , heydrich & neumann be suddenly run through a nightmare ! schenke 's distant wail echoe around they and seem to initiate a answer ghostly chorus of horrific shout and scream of anguish . soul , literally , in torment ! the group be on the verge of go to piece in fear and confusion . they scramble recklessly along , cover they ear against the scream and pounding explosion which threaten to deafen they . but then ... baumann ( cont have ) there ! in there ! and the four fugitive race towards a doorway in the tunnel wall ahead ... and pile inside . generator room baumann bolt the steel door behind they . but there 's still no escape -- the blood-chill noise be in here with they -- even louder , if anything . 91 . they back away and huddle together in a corner , cover they ear and screwing they eye shut -- quite literally frozen with fear -- nowhere else to run . it seemingly can not get any worse , when ... the cacophony of noise begin to fade , and one particular voice take precedence -- a voice whispering a prayer ... baumann open he eye wide with a expression of horrify recognition ... baumann ( cont have ) oh , Jesus ! it be they ! the whisper overlap into CUT to : ext . wasteland - day baumann 's fragment visual recollection of a horrific event . the same railway marshall yard we see before , but this time from baumann 's perspective . he and other member of the unit -- heydrich , franke , Ebert kreuzmann and schenke -- be be march towards a isolate , bomb - out area by krupp and the two black - uniform ss guard . ahead , a ss captain wait beside a pit which be be dig by a large group of prisoner -- themselves uniform german soldier , possibly deserter , stripped of helmet and equipment -- who be work at the gunpoint of a third ss guard . some be work with spade , other be force to scratch at the earth with bare hand -- try not to look at the approach soldier , as if to deny they existence . one prisoner be already kneel , mutter the loud but whisper prayer which continue relentlessly ... now , the prisoner become agitate as krupp 's man arrive ina break line beside the pit . a couple of the prisoner break down suddenly , moan , mutter and sobbing . as baumann stare down into the trench with appal anticipation , the face etching themselves into he memory , one prisoner in particular catch he gaze , and stare back with a expression of silent plead . 92 . kreuzmann have begin tremble violently . he turn away in mount fear and try to walk back the way they have come , but the ss guard , laugh , trot after he , spin he around and frog-march he back towards the other . the ss Captain now seem in a hurry to get it over with . he pass a order to krupp , gesture at the prisoner -- he intention unmistakable ... and at this define moment of truth , each soldier react in he own way : krupp turn to he man and reluctantly relay the order schenke raise he rifle at the cower prisoner . kreuzmann , in terrify , tremble submission , follow suit . the other be freeze with indecision ... the ss Captain shout the order again , increasingly angry . franke finally , reluctantly raise he rifle . Ebert and heydrich remain freeze . only baumann actively revolt . he turn on the other , knock they rifle aside and push they back from the pit . argue with krupp and the ss captain ... heydrich now try to hold he back for he own good ... and during the utter confusion , several of the prisoner take they last chance . they try to scramble out of the pit . Three or four even make it out . a couple run for it . one rush at the ss Captain , hand outstretch . the ss Captain shout a warning ... krupp shoot the would - be assailant . schenke turn and open FIRE on the rest of the prisoner mercilessly . Ebert , franke and kreuzmann fire almost as a reflex , draw in by the sudden panic . the prisoner be cut down under the hail of bullet . baumann , still be restrain by heydrich , watch in horror . the gunfire cease . but several body still twitch and moan from the pit the soldier stare down at what they have do . 93 . schenke coolly change he rifle magazine , just in case . kreuzmann , weep , drop to he knee . the other try vainly to cover up they revulsion . and meanwhile , the three ss man begin to amuse themselves by push the heaps of excavate earth back into pit with they as the earth spill down onto the pile of body , the one still alive begin to scream CUT to : int . tunnel system - generator room the same scream which baumann , franke , heydrich and neumann be hearing now . baumann look at the other -- and with the exception of neumann , each return the same expression of horrify recognition . neumann 's expression be simply one of freeze terror . the scream diminish again to a series of quietly mutter voice -- the very essence of which be frighteningly threaten . franke be almost lose it . franke kreuzmann be right . they have come back ! they be make all this happen ! turn we against each other ! tunnel system - schenke as shuffling foot seem to approach from the blackness schenke turn to confront whoever it be . he appear perfectly -- almost unreasonably -- calm as he address the unseen newcomer . schenke I be not afraid of you . I have get a cross to protect I ! he hold out he Iron Cross -- and begin to laugh ... 94 . generator room a inhuman pounding begin on the steel door . heydrich be it schenke ? it must be schenke ! baumann whoever it be , they know we be in here . baumann be look around in control panic . spy something . baumann ( cont ’d ) ( cont would ) give I a hand ! a metal grille be set into the concrete floor next to the air filtration unit . baumann take out he bayonet and begin to prise the grille free . franke catch on and kneel to help he with tremble hand . yet another huge explosion shake the fabric of the tunnel system , and crack begin to appear in the wall . the pounding on the door continue , as if a huge hammer be be swing against it . franke quickly ! they wrench the grille free , and baumann briefly lean into the dark horizontal shaft , shine he torch either way . baumann alright ! in ! another bang , and the door shake on its hinge . franke get into the shaft like a shot . franke which way ? baumann either ! just go ! ( to neumann ) you next ! neumann we can not just leave schenke behind ! baumann you still think he 's such a hero ? because he wear that medal ? then stay with he ! 95 . neumann make a hasty decision . clamber into the shaft follow by heydrich . another huge bang and the door rattles dangerously . baumann duck into the shaft after they . CUT to : int . ventilation shaft a tight fit ! solid concrete . no go back . franke struggle ahead as fast as he can . the other crawl along , head to foot behind he , already regret it . the pounding continue behind they . franke I can not see how far it go . what if it 's a dead - end ? heydrich it have to come out somewhere . just keep go ! a final bang from back in the generator room , and the muffle crash of the door give way . baumann they be through the door . everybody shift up yet another gear , scrabbling along as fast as be possible on elbow and knee . franke be beginning to panic . his torch reveal a blank wall dead - ahead ; a turn ? franke oh , God ! a bit closer . not a turn -- it 's a franke ( cont have ) Dead end ! it 's a dead end ! a string of frighten , ad - lib curse . baumann it can not be . keep go ! franke scramble the last few yard -- hope against hope . franke oh , God ! baumann up! look up ! franke shine he torch upwards . a iron grille ! 96 . the other pile up behind franke as he try to push the grille open . no go ! and now something 's come slowly up the shaft behind baumann ... baumann ( cont have ) they be come . get out ! franke and neumann brace they shoulder against the overhead grille and push . it will not budge ! again push ! CUT to : int . tunnel system the grille burst open . franke and neumann be out in a flash . heydrich next -- drag out . then baumann . half - way out when ... he leg be grabbed from behind . be it schenke ? he yell and kick himself free . as the blast continue -- tear the tunnel apart behind they -- they run for they life . and they be not the only one . the colony of rat , drive mad by the explosion , be run in all direction scratch and tear at anything in they path . they number increase as the soldier continue they reckless flight . cursing and pleading with God for help as they go . they try to go one way -- but the roof be already come down . another direction -- but a virtual river of craze rat be pour towards they ! they can not go back -- only one way remain ... 97 . forward , into the unfinish section where they encounter kreuzmann -- and back to the barricade side - tunnel ! they freeze in panic . know it 's a dead -end . baumann 's mind be racing . search for a way out . meanwhile , the wall be crumble . rat be scamper wildly all around they . jumping at they leg and gnaw at they boot . it 's a live - hell ! and just for good measure , schenke 's insane shouting begin to echo towards they . schenke ( 0.s. ) there 's no way out , baumann ! and we be come ! for some reason , everybody look instinctively to baumann . and he expression show he 's suddenly think again -- a ray of hope on he face as he dig into he tunic pocket . baumann what do we have ? turn it all out everybody begin scrabbling through they pocket and pouch , grasp at any last straw . pull thing out : penknive ; bandage ; compass ; signal flare ... baumann grab the flare from franke , and pull the fold entrench spade from he belt . no time to even explain . baumann ( cont no ) come on ! and he rush into the barricade side -tunnel . heydrich and neumann , who do not know what 's in there , follow he in -- but franke take a few step and stop . wo not go any nearer . baumann , heydrich & neumann rush into the chamber of horror baumann have see before . this time it 's worse : the tremor from the distant explosion be shaking the earth loose from the wall -- revealing even more body -- they mummify limb move as if alive . heydrich and neumann have a moment to react with predictable shock and fear -- then they torch flicker and die ! a moment of blackness , accompany by fearful shout . 98 . a flare shoot out , bounce off the ceiling and into a corner , crackling as it illuminate the chamber with blue , flicker light . baumann do not wait another second . begins drag sack of concrete mix against the wall contain the corpse pile they up , yell as he do so . baumann ( cont have ) help I ! they can not be bury very deep . we can not be far beneath the surface ! heydrich catch on straight away . unfold he entrench spade , clamber on top of baumann 's makeshift platform , and begin digging into the roof , corpse inch away from he face in the wall . Earth begin to shower down . neumann manage to gather himself sufficiently to take over from baumann , drag more sack over to build the platform higher . and baumann join heydrich , hacking furiously up into the roof . franke be hover indecisively just inside the break barricade . schenke 's voice call again out again , closer . schenke ( 0.s. ) neumann ? where be you ? franke ? franke look one way , then the other -- trap between two equally unappeal option . he 's hyperventilate . try to keep himself together bash himself on he forehead with the palm of he hand ... ... and turn decisively to confront schenke , he bayonet grip tightly in he fist as he rush back out through the barricade . baumann , heydrich & neumann only now do baumann notice franke be not with they . baumann where 's franke ? he jump down , toss he spade to neumann , and retreat back along the side - tunnel whilst neumann take over digging . 99 . baumann 's torch be still not work , but he proceed as far back into the gloom as he can , call out . baumann ( cont have ) franke ? -- franke ? there be the SOUND of a violent scuffle from the darkness . then a single shot . and schenke 's voice , call over the continue rumble of detonation : schenke ( 0.s. ) franke die like a dog , baumann ! and you be next ! a sudden anger surge through baumann . baumann I be ready for you , schenke ! come and get I ! heydrich & neumann have dig a yard upwards into the already shifting , crumble roof . a huge clump of earth fall away suddenly and the head of a corpse swing down , dangle . neumann screech ! heydrich be shake , but instantly continue digging to one side . baumann be stumbling forward , bayonet in hand , towards the approach glow from schenke 's torch . suddenly schenke be there -- frame in the mouth of the side - tunnel . and in the blackness behind he -- only hint at by the glow of he torch -- be a suggestion of several ghostly figure . they mutter , ghostly voice still unintelligible , but they seem almost to be offer evil encouragement to the craze instrument of they vengeance -- schenke ! baumann be shake to the core by the sight , but hold he ground , try to convince himself he 's see thing . baumann ( cont have ) put the gun down , schenke ! I will fight you ! that 's what you want . 100 . schenke wrong ! all I want be to see you dead ! schenke raise he pistol , laugh ... but baumann aim quickly and fire off a signal flare . it flash like a rocket across the distance between they , slamming into schenke 's chest -- and engulf he in flame ! schenke scream and stagger backwards out of sight , arm flail -- and once again he scream seem to trigger the howling FURY of the ghostly presence . baumann get out of there as fast as he can -- back to where heydrich & neumann be digging upwards like maniac . four foot into the roof . urge on the by renew cacophony of terrifying voice . the flare they be use for illumination be fizzling out and in the strobe- like flicker of the light , the face of the mummify plague victim seem to come alive -- just for a subliminal split - second at a time -- hint at the haunt face of the soldier shot in the pit ... baumann fire the third and last flare into the corner . then jump up to help heydrich and neumann , tear at the roof with he bare hand . but something 's come at they again ; dragging itself towards they from the darkness ... baumann take the spade back from neumann . kneel on heydrich 's shoulder . pushes himself higher . digging ... . six foot upwards . hack through root , now . Earth pour down around he ... a inhuman growl from schenke as he stagger into the circle of flicker light , horribly burn and smoulder ... neumann cry out ! baumann burst through the roof ! Earth and grass and snow spill down as the storm above whistle through the tiny open . and schenke charge ! 101 . baumann drop down from heydrich 's shoulder as schenke bulldoze into they , slashing indiscriminately with a knife , and now totally insane ! baumann grapple with schenke , yell to the other ; baumann out ! get out ! neumann do not argue . scramble up through the tiny open , boost by heydrich . schenke toss baumann aside like a doll , and go for heydrich , stabbing at he with one hand whilst pulling at neumann 's leg with the other . baumann drag schenke away . pushes neumann upwards so he can crawl out . tries to help the bleed heydrich back onto he foot ... then all hell break loose ! the wall seem to shift behind they , and mummify corpse spill out around they , limb everywhere -- which seem to suddenly grab at baumann and heydrich . holding they against the wall ! they struggle in horror ! schenke be come for they again . the last flare be fizzling out . the light spluttering and die ... and behind schenke , seemingly close in to watch the kill , be the line of ghostly figure -- fleeting glimpsis of face and uniform , strongly suggestive of the prisoner soldier massacre in the pit . schenke attack again , and a grisly , three - way wrestle match begin amidst the tangle of claw , mummify arm . baumann be stabbed once in the shoulder . fights back furiously , partially break free from the grasp arm , and try to twist the knife out of schenke 's grip . heydrich go for schenke 's throat . but schenke pull himself from baumann 's grip -- and plunge the knife into heydrich 's chest . with a final , supreme die effort , heydrich grab schenke 's wrist in a iron grip -- and hold the knife into he own chest , trapping it ! heydrich ( to baumann , last breath ) get out ! 102 . baumann hesitates for a split second -- look into heydrich 's die eye . schenke be struggle to pull the knife free in order to turn on baumann , raging incoherently . then , in one swift motion , baumann grab the last grenade lodge in the top of schenke 's jackboot and claw he way up towards the open above . the rotting arm seem to pull at he clothing . try to drag he back . neumann be call from above : neumann grab my hand ! behind baumann , schenke finally drag the knife free from heydrich -- who fall over dead . then schenke lunge after baumann . pull at he leg . raising the knife to strike ... baumann grab neumann 's hand . haul himself up through the tangle of tree-root . CUT to : ext . forest clearing - night with the freezing storm roaring around they , neumann pull baumann half - way out from the tight , crumble hole in the ground . baumann slump to one side , still kicking at schenke 's grasp hand , stamping he back down . he rip the cap from the grenade . pop the fuse . drop it down the hole . CUT to : int . tunnel system the grenade drop at schenke 's foot . he kick it away and try one more time to scramble up through the hole . but he 's tangle in the gruesome web of grasp arm . and now the ghostly figure , too , crowd around , press down on he ... the grenade explode . CUT to : 103 . ext . forest clearing - night baumann and neumann be already run for it as a huge area of snow - cover ground behind they shudder upwards from the subterranean blast , then sink back with a dull thud . the storm continue to blow , pile fresh snow on top of the crack , uneven depression . slowly cover it up . CUT to : ext . forest - elsewhere - dawn' early light the snow - storm have abate , to be replace by a slow , silent shower of snowflake . baumann and neumann be huddle together in a shelter carve from a snow - drift at the base of a tree , still tremble from the horror of the night as much as from the cold . baumann sigh wearily , puffing on a cigarette as he approach the end of a quietly speak story : baumann some of they be still alive when the pit be fill in . -- then we be send back to the barrack as if nothing have happen . all part of the day 's work he sit quietly for a few moment , think . baumann ( cont have ) we tell ourselves they be Americans ; enemy infiltrator . but they be probably deserter from we own rank . better for we that we never know . -- but in the end , what 's the difference ? neumann sit silently , let the story sink in . whilst he do so , baumann reach deep inside he tunic . pull out a small , flat black box . neumann watch as he open it up . Inside be a Iron Cross , ist class . neumann look up at baumann . he open he mouth to ask something -- but realise he already know the answer . baumann ( cont have ) some people could not understand why I stop wear it . baumann close the box , push it deep down into the snow , and cover it over . 104 . baumann ( cont have ) but there will not be much glory for the wearer of that . nor any mother proud of they son for wear this uniform . if you have any sense you will save you courage for when this war 's over . -- that 's when you will really need it baumann struggle to he foot with finality , force he exhaust , aching body upright . baumann ( cont have ) it 's light enough , now . he trudge quietly forward towards a snow - cover ridge , then carefully and silently crawl up to look over the top . neumann quietly approach behind as baumann peer through he field glass . baumann' Pov - through binoculars the freeze dirt -road and the bunker be visible through the tree in the distance . at the rear of the bunker , several green-uniformed american soldier be milling around . the unmistakable , grey-uniformed figure of mirus be with they . a armed guard stand next to he as he try to converse with a american officer . he 's clearly nervous sick and confuse -- but , at least , alive . back to scene baumann pull back from the lip of the ridge and turn to neumann . baumann ( cont have ) have you get a handkerchief ? neumann shake he head . baumann pull out he own and give it to he . baumann ( cont have ) here ; wave it . do not try to hide . just walk straight down . you will be alright . neumann but be not you come ? after everything you say ... baumann shake he head . 105 . baumann I can not get out of it that easily . I have to stick it out to the end , now . but for you , it 's Christmas . you have be give another chance . -- now get go . baumann 's voice be suddenly harsh , and neumann reluctantly do as he 's tell . but after a few step he pause . neumann mirus tell I ... he tell I this be a place where the dead come back ( a pause ) but we do not really see anything , do we . it be nerve gas ; make we see thing ; hear thing ; drive schenke mad ? baumann do not answer , and after a moment neumann turn away again and head off through the tree , down towards the bunker . baumann watch neumann go -- then turn and trudge off in the opposite direction . CUT to : ext . forest clearing - dawn the depression in the ground be cover over completely , now . all that 's visible be a smooth , white concave sheet of virgin snow . CUT to : int . underground blackness . a muffle groaning , as if someone have suddenly wake . then a shuffle panic . a click -- and a cigarette lighter flicker into life ... illuminate the tiny pocket of dusty air into which schenke be crush under ton of rubble . only he head and one arm be free in the narrowest of cramped , confine space . burn , batter and tear but , incredibly , still tick -- for the moment . and , unfortunately for he , a vestige of sanity and comprehension seem to have return . it take he a second to fully recognise he predicament . buried alive ! 106 . and as if that 's not enough ... as the horrifying realisation slowly sink in ... : he begin to hear a scratching sound . as if something be beginning to claw its way through the rubble towards he . get closer . rat ? or something else ...? schenke struggle furiously , but can barely move a inch . panic set in . can not breathe ! the cigarette lighter beginning to sputter and die ... the scratch get louder and closer . until the tiny flame die and blackness close in . then schenke scream ! im jz jo