the scarlet letter title : a Sunday morning in spring ... New England ... in the year 1645 . 1 ext . village STREET long shot including church the puritans be march in solemn procession down the street toward the church . the crime of laughter on Sunday be so severely punish that no one ever dare nod a head in friendly salute as neighbor pass neighbor . life be vigorous and hard . dissolve into : 2 close - up church bell tolling dissolve into : 3 semi close - up group of child the child make a comic picture as they march solemnly by with measure step , they frighten face set in rigid mask , they eye round and stare as glass marble . they look like little undertaker . dissolve into : 4 close - up church bell tolling ( the repetitious ringing bell in the orchestra pit , deep - throat , clanging solemnly , have a funereal sound . they be arrest and demand attention . they suggest a puritan atmosphere , a call to church , often theirs be a fearful warning tone . ) dissolve into : 5 int . hester prynne's home in she quiet room on this gay morning , hester prynne , the little seamstress , make ready for church . she move with fix solemnity , she face as serious a mask as the child 's who have just pass by . there be something quaint and precise about she gesture . at first sight , she be all puritan , fill with firm resolve , pious , reserve . all this while she button herself into she dove - grey dress , then draw she flow hair back and bind it into a tight , firm coil at she neck . it would be un - Christian if one lock escape . but when she come to she bonnet , the eternal feminine be reveal . a bonnet can throw a dreadful shadow over a face , or it can be beautifully become . she place it upon she head . shall she wear it perch high , or well down over she eye ? or perhaps just a wee bit to one side ? she really must see for herself . cautiously she move to the wall , and stand before a frame worst mat . insert : close - up hester at wall she regards the worst mat . on it be inscribe this warning from the scripture : " vanity be a evil disease . " then hester set it aside and lift it down . behind it be a piece of polished metal which serve hester as a mirror . 6 close - up hester she practice how she will wear she hat , and she eye smile reflectively , for there be someone at church who may look upon she , and she would meet with he approve glance . hester forget it be sabbath and smile . it be entirely the fault of that jaunty little hat . something stir within she , springtime - - a long for life -- and love , which be the fulfillment of life . she start ! the church bell ! she hear they warning . CUT to : 7 close - up church bell tolling CUT back to : 8 semi close - up hester at mirror hester lean down quickly to put the worst mat over she mirror . oh , that she should have dare -- and on the sabbath , too ! the vision of how charming the new bonnet be warm she , and she mind be fill with material thought . the reflection of the mirror stop on the bird cage that hang by the window . hester , from where she be stand , see the little imprison bird . she put the worst mat back in place and start toward the window . 9 int . hester' house semi long shot hester move swiftly toward the open window , through which the light be stream . she seem conscious of the transition wringht within herself , aware , perhaps for the first time of the prison which she have so long endure . 10 semi close - up at window Close to the window be a rustic cage with a bird in it . but a black shawl have be throw over the cage ; for the bird 's song be forbidden to mount on the sabbath . a shaft of sunlight have fall upon the cage . hester 's face as she gaze at the cage , become wistfully sad . why should she hide its song , hester ask herself in this moment of faint rebellion . she draw the black shawl away . 11 close - up cage the bird trill he song . 12 ext . hester prynne's house ( there be charm to the little thatched cottage . on the door be the sign : " village seamstress " ) . a stern , forbid group of man and woman be pass . among they be mistress hibbin , a gossipy , garrulous woman of fifty , and gile , a tall , gaunt puritan , a unconscious comedian . the former be hester 's persecutor , the latter she friend . the puritans pause by the window , listen with horror . a bird sing on the sabbath ! mistress hibbin , with sly , meaningful glance , point at the window . there they see -- 13 hester prynne's window hester be listen to the song of the bird . she make a gay little figure frame in the dark window . 14 ext . hester prynne's house mistress hibbin , who be the village gossip , -- it be she who always point she finger in scorn at hester -- urge one of the puritans to mark hester prynne 's door . it be she who say , with malicious intent : title : " Bird sing on the sabbath ! hester prynne must answer for this ! " the man stalk over , and , with a lump of gypsum , mark a cross upon the door . the group nod in righteous approval , all save gile , who plead that hester be spare . and as he do this , mistress hibbin watch he with malicious suspicion . 15 int . hester prynne's house semi close - up window hester open the door of the cage and peek in . " good morning , little prisoner ! " with a merry smile . the bird be like the yellow shaft of a arrow as he dart past she hand and out of the window . she gaze out of the window , terrify that she have lose he . she look out -- see the bird -- 16 close - up puritan ( walking along ) a horrify expression on he face -- the bird have light upon he shoulder . it fly off . 17 int . hester' house long shot hester hurry out . 18 ext . garden in rear of hester' house hester enter , run . she spin around and around , frantically search for some sight of she bird . her hat be shading she eye . swiftly she pull it off and toss it upon a bench . then she run out of the garden . 19 close - up mistress hibbin a exclamation of horror be wrung from the old lady when the bird light upon she bonnet . 20 garden of hester' house semi close - up hester hester 's lip be purse as she whistle she call to the bird . 21 flash of bird flying over fence 22 semi long shot garden hester run through the garden and plunge into the thicket beyond . 23 ext . hester prynne's house mistress hibbin and the stern one hear she call -- hear she dare to make strange whistling sound . they shake they head solemnly . mistress hibbin be triumphant ! she can hardly wait to get to church and tattle to the minister . gile look at she as if he would like to choke she . 24 wood very long shot hester 's hair be now fly loose -- the wind stir it -- and she dress be catch in the bramble . a little , disorder figure , run and search the tree-tops . 25 close - up church bell tolling CUT to : 26 int . church mistress hibbin , gile , and the puritans enter the church . the woman be seat on one side , the man on the other . gile stalk along and take he place in a pew near the pulpit and on the aisle . mistress hibbin , who be go to wait in the vestry - room until the minister arrive so that she can tell on hester , bustles down the aisle toward the vestry . gile stick one of he long leg out in the aisle and almost succeed in trip she . 27 ext . deep wood hester run farther and farther away from the church and the sound of the bell . running rather gaily now . she be call -- whistling -- look for the bird . dissolve into : 28 close - up of bell ringing dissolve into : 29 int . vestry ( through OPEN door MAIN room of church can be see ) reverend dimmesdale be talk with a few of he parishioner when mistress hibbin enter . mistress hibbin fairly bustles with excitement , she do so love to have a tidbit of gossip to impart . she begin : title : " though it grieve I to tell thee , reverend dimmesdale about hester prynne - - " back : as she say this , mistress hibbin can hardly hold back she smile . to be quite close to he , she edge nearer . 30 semi close - up reverend dimmesdale and mistress hibbin reverend dimmesdale listen to mistress hibbin . " we be pass mistress prynne 's house -- she stand by the window -- she uncover the bird -- the bird sing -- and then if she do not deliberately go run after the bird ! and if that be not enough , reverend dimmesdale , we hear she whistle . " the old lady purse up she lip and whistle -- then give a imitation of hester call , " come , birdie , birdie ! " beckone to the bird . into reverend dimmesdale 's eye come a look of stern condemnation . ( he have know a rigorous school of religious training , and it have make he stern and severe toward the transgressor . he have no pity for the frailty of human nature , and be relentless when he sit in judgment on he parishioner who have sin . the story of Arthur dimmesdale be of a man who become guilty of the very sin he damn in other , and he spiritual growth through sorrow and repentance . ) " it be wick of hester prynne to do this -- and on the sabbath , " mistress hibbin be pleased to hear he say . dissolve into : 31 ext . beautiful country long shot hester prynne be run now , a tiny figure against the pattern of tall tree . the run have excited she . she enjoy this unexpected freedom . we see she spin around , almost in pirouette , as she look and call and dart toward the bird -- one moment frighten with fear she have lose he , the next moment laugh . the springtime of the year , the wind blow she hair , and she be surround by the holy beauty of nature . 32 closer shot of hester the bird have light on the branch of a flowering tree . hester be creep up to he ; she be breathless ; she eye be sparkling . she no longer suggest the precise little puritan girl -- she be a sprite of the wood ! her dress be tear , she hair be tumble . the bird fly away from she outstretch hand . 33 long shot hester be run again . all the latent elfin joy in hester prynne have sprung into be . she do not know that a group of puritans , dark and grim as the silhouette of tree through which they walk , have stop to watch she . 34 semi close - up group of puritans they stop short , aghast as they hear laughter and a woman 's song . they look off and see hester . what be hester prynne do ? to they it look as if she be dance . 35 semi long shot of hester hester be spin again in gay pirouette as she see the bird here one moment , there the next . now she plunge laughingly into the flowering thicket . 36 semi close - up group of puritans the puritans gaze at each other in horror and set they lip -- then hurry even faster toward the church . dissolve into : 38 int . church the church be partially fill with sour face , straight back people who sit there in terrible solemnity , as though it would be a sin if anyone should think that they be about to enjoy the service . the beadle , whom we shall name Jonathan appletree , walk through the aisle , carry a long pole . a general movement in the church . the Governor enter ! a most important man , pompous , elegant and dignify . ( the man all rise until he be seat . ) 39 ext . wood hester prynne be run and now laugh , so exhilated be she by this unexpected release . she see -- 40 close - up branch of tree the bird be sing . 41 close - up hester as hester look at the bird , they come to she the realization that freedom have bring happiness to the bird . she will no longer try to capture he . she be breathless , she eye be dance with happiness . she see -- 42 sky and tree the bird fly to freedom . 43 long shot hester run and wave a happy farewell to the bird . 44 close - up church bell tolling 45 ext . wood close - up hester she have hear the bell at last ! she stop and listen to they with grow terror . she look about she bewilder , realize that she be far from church . her tear dress ! her stream hair ! she start to bind it as she hurry past the camera . 46 int . church semi long shot gile be now seat in back of the Governor . the beadle walk down the aisle . 47 semi close - up of the beadle he carry he long pole , intently eyeing the congregation for the slight wayward gesture . 48 close - up shot of the congregation gile be try to sit there stiffly attentive . then he face suddenly convulse -- we see he struggle not to sneeze . he make a desperate effort to hold it in . when he do sneeze , it be with such violence as to startle the congregation . not only that , but he have dare to sneeze upon the Governor . the beadle lean over , and , with he long stick , rap gile smartly on the head . the Governor cast a upbraid glance at gile . he feel he dignity have be ruffle by this unconscious , but vulgar , gesture of gile . 49 close - up church bell tolling dissolve into : 50 int . vestry through the open door can be see the parishioner in they pews . the puritans who have see hester in the wood have arrive , and they be tell reverend dimmesdale of hester prynne 's sin of dance and run on the sabbath . a look , so forbid as to be cruel , set reverend dimmesdale 's face in a firm mold . 51 ext . hester prynne's house hester prynne who have return for she bonnet , be see again as she hurry out of the house put on she bonnet . but there be no longer any happiness in she movement . she be terrify . she know now that she be late for church , will be catch and undoubtedly punish ! 52 int . church long shot reverend dimmesdale step into he pulpit , and all the people quiet themselves , for service be about to begin . 53 ext . church hester , breathless , stand outside , wonder if she dare enter the church ; then she almost glide in , earnestly praying that she will be able to slip into she pew unnotice . 54 int . church close -up congregation and pulpit the back of the parishioner be to the camera . reverend dimmesdale be in the pulpit preaching . there be no soft , kindly light in he eye . he do not talk to they of salvation , but he attitude show that he be condemn they for they sin . he stop for a moment , as he eye sweep over the congregation , because he catch sight of hester . 55 semi long shot showing the congregation they be face the camera , which be in the direction of the pulpit . look straight ahead , not dare to move or glance sideways , even out of the corner of they eye , they do not see hester . she come creep into the church , look very little and child - like , in fact , quite like a naughty child , praying she will not be catch . but just as she be about to slink into she pew , she gaze up at the minister and see he pierce eye upon she . when she drop down into a seat between two tall puritans with a third tall puritan in front of she , she be almost lose to sight . 56 close - up reverend dimmesdale he be quite infuriate by hester 's effort to escape punishment . " hester prynne ! " and he point a finger at she dramatically . " thou hast sin -- and wouldst try to hide thy shame ! child of the devil ! come before I that I might advise thee and teach a lesson to my flock through thee ! " 57 close - up hester his voice ringing out terrify she . it be like blow upon she . with a guilty look in she eye , she try to force a wistful smile as she move to rise . 58 long shot of church reverend dimmesdale 's eye be like a brand upon hester . his voice rise and thunder through the church as he point a condemn finger at she . tremble , she rise at he command and move slowly up the aisle toward he pulpit-- until she stand there , she head bow in humility . 59 semi close - up hester and reverend dimmesdale still point he finger , he be cry out : " woe unto he who disobey the inexorable law of God 's sabbath ! on this , his day of worship , thou hast listen to the voice of the devil call thee ! thou hast run , and sung , and dance with thy hair unloosen . and now dost thou stand before my people in shame and humiliation ? " 60 longer shot of church the minister be sweep away by he passionate denouncement of hester . " let this be a warning to thee ! " and he turn back dramatically to the congregation . " God be just and merciful , but his punishment be swift and heavy upon the sinner who yield themselves to petty vanity . " again he turn upon hester : " thou knowest well that laughter on the sabbath be forbidden . thou knowest well that dance be the gesture of the devil . thinkest thou there be any escape for thee ? no , thou shalt be punish here by the shame of we point finger ! though shalt be punish hereafter by the point finger of God . thou shalt not escape ! " all through this dramatic tirade , hester stand with bow head -- a very little figure before this bleak pulpit . 61 close - up hester she raise she face toward he , she eye be fill with tear ; but in they be a look so pitiful , so plead , that there be reveal the secret of hester prynne 's heart -- she be in love with the minister . her eye caress the stern face that bend above she . his word be lose ; she hear only he voice , the voice of the man that she love . 62 close - up reverend dimmesdale he be look down at hester . he be still cry out , " shame on thee , hester prynne , that thou , a young girl of we village , hast break the sacred law ! shame on thee ! " and then it be that she eye , so pitiful and plead arrest he in he dramatic protest against the sin of the flesh . and there come into he eye a strange wonderment , as if he have become aware of hester 's love for he . 63 semi close - up hester and reverend dimmesdale there be between this two a long exchange of tense , dramatic glance . reverend dimmesdale , unconscious of everything save the presence of hester , bend close to she . and eye look long into eye they lean to . it shock he -- this realization that hester prynne be in love with he . and through what emotion be _he_ pass ? she be lovely to look upon ; there be something almost divine about she tenderness , so forgive be she . and how can he stand there and in cruel word denounce she ? what be stir within he own heart ? could it be possible that he , too , be awaken to response by that great love of hers ? ( this long exchange of glance may have to be divide into close - up -- back and forth between the two , because it be a poignant moment , this birth of they love . ) 64 semi long shot of church almost in a daze , the minister turn away from hester . it take a few second to gather himself together before he can summon again that dynamic force which so mark the beginning of he sermon . but he must not weaken in he firm resolve ; he must continue with he tirade . he turn away from hester , back to that puritans , who bend they head under the scourge of he warning . 65 close - up hester prynne the tear have never leave hester prynne 's eye , but she faint smile reveal hide ecstasy in she heart . 66 semi close - up pulpit hester 's back be to the camera . reverend dimmesdale be preaching . once again he face be set in stern condemnation ; but as he address the parishioner , he eye stray again toward hester 's face . now he look at she as if he be afraid of she , almost resentful that she have awaken the dormant emotion of love in he heart . fade out 67 fade in int . reverend dimmesdale's study through the open window stream the sunlight . reverend dimmesdale sit there poring over he Bible , make note for sermon ; but the thought of hester crowd out all thought of duty , and he sit there idly dream and wonder how far this attraction will carry he . he present a romantic figure . as he gaze into space , he be startle by a white rise be throw in through the window . he pick up the rise , and we know at once by he expression that he believe it be throw to he by hester . a slight sigh escape he . 68 ext . reverend dimmesdale's study it be not hester , but mistress hibbin , who have throw the rise , because there she stand with the second rise in she hand and be about to toss it also when gile come along . Rather sheepishly she hide the rise . the two quarrel . gile hate she so that he can hardly keep he hand from reach out and wring she neck . mistress hibbin , switch she skirt , walk away . 69 int . reverend dimmesdale's study he be still gaze dreamily at the rise . now he go to the window to peek out , to catch hester , to see she smile , upturn face . 70 close - up minister at window he look out , expect to see hester - - and he do ! he gaze dramatically a short distance away into the square -- and this be what he see : 71 semi close - up stock the stock be set close to the bleak wall of the church . a bright ray of sunshine strike full upon hester , a prisoner of the stock . she be suffer now from slight exhaustion , she head droops forward wearily . when she raise she eye , in they be a haggard look of one who have endure hour of discomfort . several puritans pass by pay little heed to she . punishment in stock be a ordinary event . then come mistress hibbin . her nose be in the air . she smirk triumphantly and switch she skirt as she sail past . 72 int . reverend dimmesdale's study shock , the minister hurriedly leave he study . 73 long shot of square the minister be see hurry out of he house and up to the stock . 74 close - up wooden sign over the stock on it be inscribe in old English script : punished for laughing and singing on the sabbath . lap dissolve into : 75 semi close - up at stock a dreadful weakness have overcome hester . hear footstep approach , she raise she head , and , upon see the minister stand there stare at she aghast , she speak through scarcely move lip , " Water . " 76 longer shot the minister hurry away to the pump , not far from the church . he fill the small pewter mug with water , and then turn and hurry back to hester , drop on he knee beside she . 77 STREET a shot of mistress hibbin and gile see reverend dimmesdale administer aid to hester . 78 semi close - up hester and the minister the minister , sincerely touch by hester 's suffer , kneel that he may hold the cup of water to she lip . again they eye meet , hers fill with a melting tenderness and forgiveness . in he voice there be a plead note as he tell she : title : " I do not know that the committee have mete out further punishment to thee ... canst thou forgive I , hester prynne ? " back : in she eye be not only forgiveness but the expression of deep love for he . he seem strangely stir by it , as he kneel before she . they face be quite close together ; he gaze plunge into hers . ... again he be profoundly stir . there be a softer look in he eye as he bow he head when hester prynne assure he " I do not believe that thou didst order this punishment for I . " then she head droops again . it be the sight of this that make he realize she be suffer ; it bring he to sudden action . 79 longer shot the minister rise to he foot . he look about he , and see , come out of the meeting - house , the Governor follow by the beadle and two other puritans . the minister , eager for hester 's freedom , hurry over toward the step of the meeting - house . 80 ext . meeting -house close shot of step the Governor be slow , ponderous and wordy . his dignity be almost exaggerated . the beadle think he be equally important . he carry with he the key to the stock . the minister , in a few word , speak to the Governor about hester ; he point dramatically off scene , and ask for she release . the Governor give order to the beadle to open the stock and free hester . the minister , almost intensely eager , hurry away follow by the beadle . 81 semi close - up stock the minister and the beadle enter . as the beadle start to put the key into the lock -- CUT to 82 semi close mistress hibbin and gile they be watch -- mistress hibbin indignant because hester be spare , gile delighted . 83 semi close - up stock the minister raise hester to she foot . she be weak ; she leg be stiff from sit so long in that rigid position . she totter slightly . believe that she be go to fall , he put he arm around she to support she . she look up at he gratefully . thus they exit toward she home . fade out 84 fade in ext . hester prynne's house hester and the minister have reach the house and be stand outside she door . they be stand there in strange quiet , for hester be still weak from the ordeal through which she have pass . she hold out she hand and he take they both in he . his word be stern for he be say : title : " I hope thou hast learn a great lesson , hester prynne -- to beware the vanity of life . " back : but he eye linger upon the sweetness of she face . reverend dimmesdale realize this very moment what he have fear to acknowledge to himself ! -- that he be in love with hester . she reach for he hand and draw it to she lip -- a gesture to express she gratitude . this caress startles he . he grow afraid of she , as if hers be the voice of the devil luring he from cold piety . without a word he turn and hurry away from she . 85 longer shot the minister fly from hester because he be afraid of this love . then he look back . another dramatic pause ; she be lean forward over the little gate , look after he . 86 close - up reverend dimmesdale for one brief moment he be carry away by a impulse to hurry back to she side , perhaps even to declare he love . he be fight with he innermost conscience . again that look of fear ! he turn and walk away . 87 semi close - up hester hester be gaze after the minister . how deeply she love he ! how unashame she be of this love ! and , though fill with infinite long for he , there come over she a emotion of happiness ; she be now aware that he be in love with she . with this happiness sing in she heart , she hurry into the house . 88 int . hester' home hester enter . she walk in deep reverie . 89 close - up reverend dimmesdale ( camera on track ) as reverend dimmesdale walk along in great stride , as if he be hurry to escape from the lure of hester , we see he struggle to put she out of he heart . again he be afraid . he be say to himself , " no - - no , I can not let myself yield to material love . " for a moment he hate she ; he hate she for the acknowledgement of he own weakness ; and then there come again a transition . it bring he to a sudden stop . there sweep over he a tender feel for she , a long to see she again -- something of the same ecstasy that hester have know . his face be suddenly aglow with beauty and softness . his eye be deeply tender . he seem almost overcome by this sudden rush of emotion . 90 ext . dimmesdale's house dimmesdale , walk toward the door of he house , be in such a gaze that he do not notice gile . gile greet he happily and then stare after the minister amaze , because the minister , with wide open eye , walk like one in a sleep . 91 int . hester' house hester be seat on a little stool at work on a bridal veil . she be busy with she needle ; for it be she who make the wedding veil for the village girl . now she stop to bite off a thread . when this be do , she hold it up and study it , pleased with the result . now there come to she a desire to try this veil upon herself to see if it become she . she rise and go to the wall ... where the hide mirror be hang . 92 semi close - up hester at mirror hester have again set aside the worst mat and be try on the bridal veil . 93 close - up hester hester 's eye be fill with loving memory of reverend dimmesdale as she gaze at herself in the mirror , and she sigh as she draw she hand caressingly over the veil . she whisper " belove , " she face lean so close to the mirror that she lip almost caress the reflection . 94 int . reverend dimmesdale's study reverend dimmesdale sit there dream of hester . his eye reflect she own think of he . 95 int . hester' room semi close - up hester be gaze dreamily into the mirror . then there come a complete transition of she expression from ecstasy to fear . " no - - no ! " she cry aloud . " I can never wear a bridal veil - - never ! " and with a dramatic gesture she pull the bridal veil from she head . hester , who be marry , know that she cannot wed dimmesdale even though he should ask she . this think bring fear and sorrow to she . she look down at the bridal veil , she tear fall upon it . 96 ext . hester' house gile be knock at the door . 97 int . hester' house hester try to wipe away she tear as she hurry to the door . she open it and gile enter . gile , who be grin happily as he come into the room , because he like hester and be always glad to see she , stop short as he see the tear which she have not successfully wipe away . hester , afraid that he have see they , drop down onto a little footstool and start put the last stitch or two into the bridal veil , busy herself with she work . 98 close - up gile his mouth drop open as he look upon hester with ludicrous sympathy . " hast thou a tear in thy eye ? " unconsciously indicate he own . 99 close - up hester as she continue sewing on the veil , she force a little smile , answer : title : " they be tear of happiness at the think of thy bride who will wear this veil , master gile . " 100 semi close - up gile and hester hester rise to show the veil to gile . he handle it in he big clumsy hand , awkwardly hold it out and grin a sheepish , embarrassed grin . hester clasp she hand as she look at the veil . when gile see she intent gaze upon it , he suggest : title : " perhaps thou will be wear a bridal veil someday ? " back : at this the same look of pain that he have see in hester 's eye come back to they again . gile be a simple person ; he have no idea how she betray herself when she cry out , " no , no , gile ! never ! never ! " then , to he utter astonishment , she turn she back to he and bury she face in she hand . gile make several very awkward gesture . he do not know whether to place he big hand on she shoulder and pet she - - to offer consolation - - to inquire into the cause of she grief - - or what to do . so he just stand there rock on he big , flat foot , look wild - eye and bewilder . fade out 101 fade in close - up covering the entire screen a volume of the law of the colony the Governor 's hand waver and turn over the page . lap dissolve to : close - up of the governor the Governor be study the book , peer through he huge spectacle at the page he have turn to . insert : close - up of page this paragraph cover the entire page : law for washing on monday nether garment of woman be necessary though immodest . they must be wash in secret and hide far from masculine eye . lap dissolve this page into : 102 ext . stream in the country long shot it be summer now . a lovely scene of the brook , the tree -- and here and there woman wash they clothes . 103 ext . lonely isolated bend in the stream hester have find a isolate spot to do she wash . she rise from she knee beside the brook , wring out a pair of panty , then hurry away to where she be hang the nether - garment to dry . 104 ext . limb of tree semi long shot there be hang on the low branch of the tree a petticoat . hester enter , unwrap the article that she have bring with she , straighten they out and start to hang they up . when they be in place , with she finger she flute the ruffle . while she be in the midst of do this , she look up , startle . she hear -- 105 close - up minister' feet the foot come down heavily on a fall twig - - and it snap in two . 106 semi close - up hester with a little suppress cry of horror , she snatch the panty from the line and hold they in back of she . the footstep be approach . she look around , bewilder , for some avenue of escape . and then that expression of horror deepen when she see ... 107 longer shot who should be walk along in meditation as he read from a small prayer book but reverend dimmesdale . hester try to escape before he see she , plunging behind a large protective bush . 108 close - up reverend dimmesdale he have look up in time to see a woman run guiltily . he call out to she : title : " woman , whoever thou art , stop ! " 109 long shot of a clump of bushes drawing himself up to a dignify height , reverend dimmesdale stalk over toward the bush . hester , hide in back of it , be vainly try to keep away from he . the action almost resolve itself into a game of tag . he start one way -- she run around the other way . they keep this up , until , both run , they find themselves face to face . hester , with a wild , guilty look in she eye , hold the garment in back of she . 110 semi close - up hester and the minister the minister be endeavor to gaze at she sternly . " hester prynne , thou hast a guilty look in thine eye . thou hast be sinning again ! " hester , wild - eye , keep back away from he . " no -- no ! " she plead . " I be innocent -- I have do no wrong . please go away ! please leave I ! " 111 longer shot hester be slowly back away -- she eye fix on the minister 's face . his command ring out again . " stop , hester ! thou art hide something ! " blush , embarrassed and shy , hester keep back away . " hester prynne , stop ! " so compelling be the note in he voice that she dare not move and stand there transfix , she hand in back of she . with a stern , forbid look , reverend dimmesdale stalk over to hester , stop short before she , and peer over she shoulder . he stand there stunne for a moment . then , without a word , he turn on he heel and walk away with head lower and he eye modestly on he prayer - book . hester watch he until he be go from sight . then with one swift gesture she toss the garment to one side and hurry after he . 112 ext . wooded lane long shot from a distance we see the minister walk along , quite swiftly , away from hester , he gaze still upon the prayer - book that he hold in he hand . then come the little figure of hester run toward he until she be at he side . 113 semi close - up hester and the minister ( camera on track ) the minister with a most pious air try to pretend that he do not even see hester . she can not keep up with he long stride . sometimes she fall behind and have to run to keep up with he . then with mock seriousness , she step out with long stride to mate he own footstep . he look up , pretend surprise , nod to she rather curtly , then glance straight ahead of he . but at that he be rather pleased , for the reverend dimmesdale , though he would deny it himself , be seriously in love with hester . and as they walk , they look toward each other again , the minister try to preserve a air of dignity and slight disapproval that she should make so bold as to persist in talk to he . at last she break the silence . she say in a very quiet , demure manner , though there be a arch smile in she eye : title : " it would be pleasant , sir , to walk beside thee and hear thee condemn I for my sin . " back : and with this she edge one step nearer he so that , as they walk side by side , she swinging arm touch he sleeve . 114 ext . country very long shot we see fade away into the distance , until they be lose in the silhouette of tree , the minister and hester . fade out 115 fade in ext . country at brook this be a beautiful location . its beauty play a part in the story , because year later hester and the minister return to this scene of the first declaration of they love . they be seat beside the brook , gaze into each other 's eye -- the minister prone upon the ground , lean up on he elbow as he study hester . though he love she , he must always struggle to hide he love . 116 close - up hester and the minister hester 's eye as they search reverend dimmesdale again betray the great love that she feel for he . again he be stir profoundly , though always there be within he that constant struggle against all emotional expression . hester , who love deeply , love unreservedly , and have neither false pride nor false modesty . she bend close to he . her eye plead that he care for she , willing to yield herself to the glow joy of love that she may find a sacred happiness in he arm . she ask he with quiet emphasis : title : " be it so great a sin to love ? why be we teach to be ashamed of it ? " back : reverend dimmesdale can not answer . he move closer to she as if he arm would reach and draw she into they . it be a moment pregnant with emotional suspense . a impulse seize he to crush she in he arm ; he hand , taut upon she wrist , would draw she nearer ... wild , unspoken word of love thrill through he , but remain soundless in he heart . thus they face each other ; hester in a ecstasy of yield ; reverend dimmesdale glow with a great desire , yet hold in leash by the fear of life that have be teach he through all that year of grueling religious training . with a despair gesture , he turn away from she . 117 longer shot reverend dimmesdale spring to he foot . he hurry from hester . but hester do not move . she sit there quietly in a shaft of light that pierce through the tall tree , divinely happy because he eye have tell she that he love she . reverend dimmesdale stop short . 118 close - up reverend dimmesdale he stand there struggle against all this year of discipline -- against emotional outlet . his face be tense and set . 119 close - up hester her eye be fill with dream . she wait happily as if she know that he would return to she . 120 long shot reverend dimmesdale walk swiftly back to hester , fall on he knee before she , draw she into he arm , and kiss she with a fierce tenderness . 121 close - up hester and reverend dimmesdale again and again he kiss she , whisper to she passionate word of love ; because once a man of he nature release himself to a great physical emotion , all restraint be tear away ; he know no barrier ; it become a terrific , hysterical release . after she first moment of yield , there come a fear of so great a passion in the man she love . hester draw away from he , a slight , almost unconscious gesture , she eye search he face perhaps fearfully , as if she be see he in the light of a stranger for that brief moment . it be when he see this slight challenge in hester 's eye that he cry out in fierce protest : title : " hester , I love thee . there be no sin in a love like ours ! " back : and as he hold she close to he , he lip seek hers again . fade out 122 fade in ext . village STREET night winter a light snow be fall . the village be plunge in darkness except for the light from a few window . dissolve into : 123 int . beadle's house in this plain , somber live - room fill with only the barest necessity of furniture , gile be court patience , the girl of he heart . the two of they be seat on a long wooden bench , make love by talk to each other through a long speak tube . a fire flicker in the fireplace . mother sit in the room busy at the loom . Jonathan appletree be read out loud from the Bible . 124 semi close - up gile and patience ( akeley shot from one to another ) patience be a typical puritan girl who , unlike hester , have no springtime in she heart . mechanically she obey all the prescribe law . gile have ask she father for she hand in marriage , and have be accept . so now he be try to whisper sweet nothing through the speak tube into she ear . as gile , through he end of the tube , be whisper quite tender word , patience listen quite primly , then she lip begin to curve in a pleased smile at he flatter word , and she eye drop in shy modesty , and she simper , " how dare you ! " they pantomime explain the scene . 125 longer shot the beadle look at he heavy watch , rap on the Bible and tell gile it be time he leave . gile reluctantly reach for he tall hat -- and she lead the way to the door . gile look up and see that the beadle be engross with he Bible . with a mischievous twinkle in he eye , gile watch he chance , bend over and kiss she chastely upon the cheek . a outcry from the girl as she draw back in horror . Father and mother both rise and march over to they . the stern old beadle denounce gile , and the girl then and there refuse to marry gile , exclaim with great dignity and righteous wrath : title : " Father , I can not allow thee to wed I to a man of such unbridle passion . " back : gile plead with patience to forgive he , but she turn she back , and she father order gile out , while the mother try to comfort she daughter . 126 long shot of market - place in the snow gile , crossing the market - place , pass the meeting - house . the door open and the minister come out . 127 ext . meeting -house closer shot through the light door we can see into the room . there sit the Governor and two or three of the puritans . reverend dimmesdale hurry out and close the door after he . gile and the minister pass , exchange a brief greeting . the minister hurry on toward hester 's house . 128 ext . showing hester' house the minister go toward hester 's house . a group of puritans pass and the minister be force to step into the shadow until they be go from sight . 129 ext . corner of market -place gile pass the old man who ring the curfew bell for " light out ! " the old fellow carry a huge lantern in one hand and a bell in the other . we can see by he expression that he be say , " why out so late , gile ? hurry on thy way home ! be go -- I will soon be ringing the bell . " 130 int . hester' house hester be seat before the fireplace at the loom . the quiet room be make interesting by the glow of candlelight . hester be spin she thread preparatory to weaving . she hear the approach of footstep outside , as they crunch upon the snow . she listen , startle and intent , rise and go toward the door . 131 ext . hester' house the snow be fast pile upon the eave . reverend dimmesdale enter quickly , glide into the shadow for fear that he might be see . the door be open slightly -- a chink of light show that hester be stand there . she open the door wide enough to admit dimmesdale , who enter , then the door be close after he . 132 int . hester' home the minister 's face be aglow with a new interest . after they embrace , she look toward he to know what have cause he strange , almost happy , animation . and he tell she eagerly : title : " the Governor have appoint I as delegate to carry the petition of we colony to the King . I sail on the next boat ! " back : hester 's eye widen with alarm as they search he face . a look of doubt and fear -- they be to be separate -- and yet he expression reveal nothing but a eager happiness to be away . dimmesdale , see that she do not understand , smile with great protective tenderness as he draw she into he arm . 133 close - up hester and the minister he laugh almost boyishly , as if it pleased he a little to tease she ; and then he voice lower to a caress note as he explain how she be to share he happiness : title : " thou canst no longer refuse to marry I , hester - - " back : " shame on thee ! " he add , hardly conscious of the change in she expression . " for the moment thou didst doubt I -- thou didst think that I be eager to be away from thee . " and then , the laughter die away , " as if every moment from thee would not be pain ! Far easier for I to give up the sun than thee , my hester . " it be when he cease protest he love that he become aware of the change in she ; for hester be stare at he dumbly , piteously . she know now that the moment have come when she must tell he that she be marry . but how shall she begin ? will he ever forgive she for the deception ? tumultuous thought rage through she , torment she , bring she almost to the verge of break down before she have even make she confession . almost as if she be afraid to speak , for she have beheld a look of fear in he eye , she turn away from he . 134 longer shot the minister stare at she incredulously for a few moment as she drop on she knee before a small , wear trunk . she open it and rummages through its treasure until she find a little leather bag . she dump its content upon the floor and search until she have find a ring , a plain , broad wedding - ring . she pick it up , and carry it to dimmesdale . 135 close - up hester and the minister hester hold the ring before he ; it lie in the palm of she outstretch hand . he stare at it for a few moment and cannot quite understand . " my wedding ring , " she say simply . " I have wear it upon this finger , " make to slip it upon the fourth finger of she leave hand . he stare at it , then drop it from he hand as if it be a live coal that have burn he finger . " o my God , hester ! " be wrung from he very heart . " thou hast betrayed we love . thou hast be false to vow make to another . thou hast lie to I and cheat I ! " a terrible pain tug at he heart . it seem at this terrific moment as if he hate hester for the intense agony he be pass through . " thou ! " and he point he finger at she , " who art the wife of another ! and in my heart thou wear my wife ! ' we love hold all the sacredness of marriage . oh , my God , hester ! " and he grief mount . " why didst thou so betray I ? " pitifully she go to he , and lay a gentle hand upon he arm . " I be guilty , " she reply quietly , " and I be guilty of a great love for thee . " she beseech he to listen to she . with eye plead for understanding and forgiveness , she explain to he : title : " I be never wife to he . I hate he ! " she continue after a dramatic pause : title : " on the day I leave England , my father marry I to a wealthy surgeon . ... he be to follow on the next ship when he estate have be settle . " back : hester be review she past -- she see it all before she as if it be yesterday , she eye wide with remembrance : title : " this year that have pass have bring no word from he , though my father write I that he have leave England . " back : the minister stand there listen to she , so utterly crush because he cannot make she entirely he , he to love and protect , he to journey with he on the mission which be to take he away a year . so shake be he that though he have forgiven she , he have no word for she , no look , no gesture . 136 longer shot he turn with bow head to leave she , as if he could not endure any longer a intimacy that have be sacred to he until this shadow have be throw upon it . why must he leave with this sorrow in he heart ? she hurry to the door and stop he . 137 close - up hester and the minister she cling to he . " o my darling ! " she cry , " do not leave I at such a shadow hour . I love thee . it be my love which have betrayed thee . parting from thee be twist my heart with pain ! " he hear the caress of she voice , he feel the warmth of she arm . he turn back to she , conscious only of he love for she . again there be plead in she voice . title : " o my beloved , I be afraid if thou didst know the truth , thou wouldst deny I that moment of great happiness that have pass between we - - " back : they cling to each other , tragic figure lose in they mutual sorrow . ( and now the church , which stand between they , toll its warning voice . ) they be listen . CUT to : 138 STREET night snowing the old man be ringing the bell which warn the villager , " light out ! " 139 ext . village STREET night snow the light in the window blink out . 140 int . hester' house the two be stand by the door . the curfew have bring they back to sudden consciousness . he must leave , hurriedly ! he cup she face in he hand , and he gaze plunge deep into she eye . he study she intently as if to photograph indelibly upon he memory every detail of she beloved face . then , without a farewell pressure of lip upon lip , he turn and hurry away while he still have the courage to leave she . when he be go , she stand there stare after he -- she body poise for flight . then there come flooding over she the realization that he be go -- that she be go to bring into the world a child -- and that she must face this tragedy alone ! fear , stark and terrifying , lay hold of hester . her hand go to she heart . how can she face that grim puritans alone ? what will become of she ? and of the child who sleep under she heart ? the think of she child work a strange miracle in she -- it calm she into a wistful reverie , wherein fear for the moment play no part . hester 's arm feel she child in they . then fear touch she again , as there flood over she all the tragedy that the future hold for she . " I can not face it alone ! I have not the courage , " she cry aloud . 141 longer shot she sweep open the door . 142 ext . hester' house in the light doorway , we can see hester . she run out into the snow , beckone , " come back ! come back ! " ... but he be already go . she stop . she can not let he know -- she cannot send he away with this burden on he heart . she turn back into the house and close the door after she . 143 int . hester' house hester seem white and draw and she eye be flame with budd terror . at last when she emotion have reach a crisis she cry out , " o Lord forgive I -- and make thine eye to shine upon I in my hour of travail and repentance ! " fade out 144 fade in volume of law of the colony the Governor 's hand again enter -- turn over the page . lap dissolve into : 145 close - up page on this page in large , legible type be write : title : punishment for adultery the text be as follow : the wanton creature shall be call to the scaffold in the village square and brand before the eye of the world . this page lap dissolves into : 146 ext . market -place long shot the scaffold stand in grim , bleak silhouette against the barren wall of the church . at the base of the scaffold be quiet group of puritans . they look almost as forbid as the scaffold itself . many puritans be march solemnly toward it . the whole picture suggest something grim and terrible . 147 int . meeting -house semi long shot the Governor and several funereal look puritans be in the meeting -house . they eye reflect the solemn occasion . they be trudging down the step , they face almost expressionless , when one look through the window . there be a flare of excitement when he point off scene , " look reverend dimmesdale be return ! " 148 ext . market -place semi long shot reverend dimmesdale on horseback be riding toward the meeting - house . as he pass the camera he face be aglow , for he bring they good news . his eye be light with other fire - - he be soon to see hester ! 149 int . meeting -house the Governor and the puritans , in they eagerness to greet the minister , have forget the solemnity of the occasion . they face be now wreathe in smile and he enter and hurry over to they . 150 closer shot of group after the greeting be over , reverend dimmesdale tell they with eager enthusiasm : title : " I have bring good news to thee : we petition have be grant by the King ! " back : this be indeed good news . there be movement and interest and conversation . 151 ext . foot of scaffold semi long shot there stand on the scaffold a puritan with face like a executioner . he be the drummer . very solemnly he raise he stick and beat the drum . it be a call to arm . 152 int . meeting -house semi close up governor , reverend dimmesdale and puritans the ominous sound of the drum have arrest they . " what be the drum beat for ? " ask the minister , although the prophetic shadow of fear be already upon he face . the Governor 's eye narrow to cruel slit . he speak in a ugly voice fill with stern condemnation : " in a few minute hester prynne will be bring from she prison cell . " dimmesdale stand like one stunne . he turn to the Governor and ask with tragic mien : title : " why hast thou imprison hester prynne ? what crime hath she commit ? " the Governor be a man of dignity . he can not speak of such indelicate thing as " baby " in a loud voice , so he lean close to the minister 's ear and whisper hester 's crime . when its full significance dawns upon he : " she be one of my parishioner . I must go to she . she be suffer ; I must bring comfort to she . " when he leave , the Governor and the beadle look after he . " a good man , " say the Governor . " his first think be for he flock . " " a very good man , " repeat the beadle , look after the minister with kindly eye . " he suffer deeply for the sin of other . " 153 int . prison cell long shot it be a grim , bleak , formidable prison . huge spike door . a high - bar window through which stream a path of daylight . in a rough cradle lie hester 's baby . hester sit there on a little stool , gaze straight ahead , she supine hand in she lap , no light come into she great eye which be dull , almost expressionless . eye that be like ghost of a remote sorrow . all emotion seem whipped from she , so much have she suffer . her gesture be eloquent of she utter abandonment of hope . she have already endure so much she give the impression that life have pass she by and nothing will ever be able to hurt she again . she sit there stare down at the baby . once she lean over to pick some little piece of lint from off the woven coverlet , or to draw she finger lightly over the sleep child 's face . 154 ext . prison the beadle protest slightly about reverend dimmesdale 's enter the prison , but he protest be wave aside . 155 int . hester' prison cell close - up hester hear footstep and voice outside . she glance dully toward the door , wonder if the guard have come for she . 156 int . hester' cell the warden have open the door . reverend dimmesdale enter and stand there stare transfix at hester . so stunne be he that he make no perceptible move . 157 close - up hester so much have hester suffer that one feel she reaction be not quite normal . she stare at reverend dimmesdale through veile eye , almost as if she be not quite certain that it be he , as if she could not believe that he have really come to she at last . 158 longer shot it be when the door be close by the warden and this two be alone that a agonize cry be wrung from the heart of the minister , " hester ! " it be he voice that bring he closer to she . when he rush toward she and drop on he knee before she , she could almost swoon from the surge of sorrow commingle with infinite relief at have he close to she again , to give she courage , to endure the ordeal through which she be about to pass . dimmesdale glance at the baby . insert : close - up of baby 159 semi close - up hester and the minister the tear have dry in hester 's heart -- they do not well to she eye . it be the minister who break down completely . he be sobbing , " o hester , canst thou ever forgive I ? I never dream but that thou wear happily wait for I . oh , what thou must have suffer . and I , free , unpunish , allow to walk in God 's sunshine , while thou art doom to a prison cell - - " his tear fall onto she hand while she sit there look at he , loving he , pity he , as a mother would love and pity she child , so tenderly do she lay she hand upon he head in sweet comfort . when a woman have endure as much as hester , there come to she a strange , almost abnormal , calm . she be not arouse from this until the minister cry out to she : title : " thou shalt suffer no longer ! I shall tell they that I be to blame , that I be the one who should be scourge ! " back : then it be that hester be fully arouse . the think that he must suffer , that _he_ must be brand , be more than she can bear . she plead with he , " no -- no ! thou must keep we secret lock in thy heart ! I can not bear to have thee suffer ! " she cover he mouth fearfully with she hand . " be silent ! or thou wouldst cause my death ! I be die -- die ! I could no longer live once I do see thee drag through the village square , mock at , hiss at , despise ! " it be then that he challenge she : " but what right hast thou to suffer alone ? wouldst thou make of I a coward ? " all the mother - love that hester show toward she baby be reveal in she eye as she look upon he who at this moment be also a child to she . she tell he with pious sincerity : title : " we have sin . I be pay for my sin ... " he look up at she compassionately . she speak again : title : " thou must answer for thine in service to other . thy people love and honor thee . ... what right hast thou to tear down they ideal ? " back : hester 's admonition 's make they impression upon dimmesdale . he hesitates in pain -- then protest : " hester wouldst thou brand I a coward -- cheapen I -- and make I unto myself a pharisee ? I must go at once and tell they . " he rise as if he be about to rush out of the cell . 160 longer shot as he start toward the door , hester run to he and cling to he . with all she heart she be plead with he to hold to this silence in protection of other , cry out : title : " if we serve God we will atone for the sin that be ours . thy service lie in the salvation of soul . " back : he stand stare at she with stunne eye . before he can answer , the guard have flung open the door . hester have sprung away from he so that all they see be the humble figure of hester with bow head stand before they beloved minister . the guard tell he the Governor want he . he leave , he burn eye fastened upon she . her last motion to he be a plead one not to reveal himself . when the door be close and she be leave alone with one of the guard , she look fearfully in the direction he have depart , she fear grow because she do not know whether or not she plea have convinced he that he must endure he silence as part of he punishment . 161 close - up of drum beat the ominous sound of the muffle drum ( interprete in the orchestra pit ) be dramatic preparation for hester 's entrance from prison and she march to the scaffold . 162 int . hester' prison cell hester 's back be to the camera . the guard be stand there watch she . hester 's movement indicate that she be pin something upon she breast , but we do not see what it be . then she lift the sleep child from out its cradle and hold it against she breast . and when she turn around , she badge of shame be not reveal . 163 int . meeting -house reverend dimmesdale enter the meeting -house . his face be white and draw . 164 ext . prison gate the prison gate be open . two guard march out , huge , solemn - look man who suggest executioner . then hester come , slowly , carry she child upon she breast . though she face be mark with suffer , she hold she head high with fine sweeping pride ; for soon she be to pass through the crowd who will point they finger at she . 165 ext . balcony of meeting -house the Governor , the beadle , and several puritans stand out on this balcony , which be parallel with the scaffold . it be from there , over the head of the people , that the Governor will call out hester 's sentence . the minister join they there . a fearful change be wringht in he . his eye be stark and stare ; he face look haggard ; a dreadful weakness have come over he . he be stare down at the foot of the scaffold where he see hester , the martyr , revile by the villager who have gather there to witness the consummation of she shame . 166 ext . scaffold semi long shot as hester march through the crowd to the scaffold , they stand there , grave , disturb with hatred of she . 167 closer shot of hester mistress hibbin cackle and point she finger . " adultress ! " she scream in she high , shrill voice . gile push forward , and with he sharp elbow stab mistress hibbin until she be force back . then he take she place . his eye be sad . he speak the only word of comfort she have hear . " have courage , hester , thou hast in I a friend . " his face be make grotesque by he sympathy for she . she walk past , head hold high , regal as a queen . she hear neither mistress hibbin ' reviling nor gile ' word of comfort . 168 close - up balcony of meeting -house there be a certain satisfaction to the Governor and the beadle , who have order this punishment , to see how much the sinner be endure . they exchange pompous and dignify glance . the more pain and sorrow she endure , the better example she will be to the other woman of the village . interested in they own reaction , they do not notice the tragic figure of the minister as , in agony , he watch hester . 169 long shot of the village square hester have now mount to the scaffold and be stand there , she child hold close to she breast . all the villager be gather around the scaffold . on the balcony , even from this distance , can be see the Governor , the minister and the beadle . 170 ext . balcony dimmesdale be stare at hester , distraught . the Governor turn to he and be apparently unconscious of the dreadful expression on he face . he insist to the minister : title : " the charge of she soul have be with thee . exhort she to confess she fellow sinner . " back : dimmesdale be stare at the Governor , realize that he , despite he struggle , have to step forward before the crowd and speak to the woman that he love . 171 close - up scaffold hester with pitiful dignity stand there hold she child in she arm . now she look over and see dimmesdale on the balcony -- he eye almost on a level with hers . and again there come to she the fear that he will reveal himself . 172 semi close - up balcony of meeting -house reverend dimmesdale step forward . " hester prynne , " he cry out , " I charge thee to speak out the name of thy fellow - sinner and fellow - sufferer ! " 173 ext . scaffold and balcony semi long shot this shot be to establish that the crowd stand around the scaffold now turn from hester , who have hold they attention , to the minister , whose voice , ringing out to hester , hold they . his gesture very clearly show that he be speak to hester . and it be across the head of the multitude that hester and the minister play they dramatic love scene , wherein hester tell to he , whose ear alone understand , the depth and beauty of she love ; wherein he word of pity and sympathy make know to she the tragic tenderness that he feel . 174 semi close - up of balcony dimmesdale , struggle with he own emotion , inwardly praying that she will point she finger at he and free he from he struggle with he own conscience , beseech she : title : " o hester , be not silent from any mistaken pity and tenderness for he . " back : he pause for a moment until he have the courage to continue : title : " ' twere far better that he should stand on thy pedestal of shame than hide a guilty heart through life ... " back : he hold out he arm supplicate she to speak he name . 175 close - up hester hester have never love so deeply as at this moment ; she eye be caress he face . a faintness overcome she . she smile with lovely tenderness . the hand of the baby reach up pluck at she mouth . then hester glance down at the child , and the smile deepen . once more she eye be upon he . her voice carry over to he this message of she heart : title : " I will never betray he ! I love he ... and my love will follow he through all eternity ! " 176 close - up of balcony reverend dimmesdale stand there as one who walk , eye open , in a deep sleep . he can not speak . he can only bow he head . and when he look up again , tear glisten in he eye . 177 long shot showing the scaffold , the crowd and the balcony the gaze of the puritans turn from the minister to hester - - and back to the minister again . they be rather move by the low cadence of that voice , though the meaning of the word be too deep for they to understand . 178 close - up at scaffold a beautiful light seem to fall upon hester 's face , the light of love , as she call across the head of the people to he in word that be almost a prayer : title : " o would that I would endure he agony as well as mine ! " back : her eye be full of a deep , forgive compassion . 179 semi close - up balcony so break be the minister by now , so crush be he spirit , that he can not speak again . the Governor infer from he bow head that the minister be sorrowful because he have not make hester confess . now it be he who step forward . a pompous man who enjoy he power and he position , he clear he throat before he make this peroration : " hester prynne , thou art a sinner ! thou art a wanton and a fall woman -- and I stand before thee to mote out thy punishment ! " 180 semi long shot pillory crowd and balcony there be a movement among the crowd , a eager press forward . the Governor 's word , " I shall mote out thy punishment , " hold they attention . some be look at hester ; some be wait almost breathlessly for the Governor to give he order . 181 close - up balcony the agony of the minister be increase . he stand in back of the Governor as the latter , point to hester , cry out : title : " reveal the brand of thy shame which thou shalt wear until thy death -- a brand which will mark thee so that the world shall forever shun thee . " 182 close - up hester slowly , hester lower the child that be in she arm . on she breast be the scarlet letter " a " for adultery . 183 ext . square long shot a very definite reaction on the crowd . now they can let loose they jeer , they hiss , they revilement . they can cry " for shame , hester prynne ! look at she -- the brand woman ! " 184 close - up hester like a martyr hester stand there . the little hand of the baby now tug at the letter " a . " hester be look up as if inwardly she be praying for strength to endure she sorrow and humiliation . fade out 185 fade in int . reverend dimmesdale's study night it be night , and a flicker candle cast interesting shadow about the room . reverend dimmesdale be alone in he study with that grim shadow , " conscience . " he pace up and down the floor , up and down , up and down , he mind so disturb that he body can not be at rest . he pause before a iron cross hang on the wall and stand regard it tensely . then he be draw out of he absorption by the sound of footstep hurry by -- and he turn toward the window to see : 186 STREET night ext . prison ( shoot through the window in reverend dimmesdale's study ) a group of puritans march toward the prison . in the light of the torch ( or lantern ) which they bear , they face appear weird and fanatical . they be bent on some secret mission . 187 int . reverend dimmesdale's study close - up rev . reverend dimmesdale at window a wild light come into he eye as he watch they pass . can it be that they have find some other mean of torture the woman that he love ? he have see she endure too much already ; the frail craft would break under any more torture . 188 int . hester' prison cell long shot hester be sit there nursing she baby ; its little face rest against the scarlet letter . she lay the child in its cradle . it be night . only a tall , flicker candle light the gloom of the darken cell . suddenly , without warning to hester , and she be shocked by it , the prison door swing open , and there march into the room the group of puritans we have just see pass through the street . among they be mistress hibbin . she alone cackle and crow over hester and look at she with sly , meaningful glance ; the other be cold and silent . no word be speak until they have fill the cell . hester , as if she expect some further sentence upon she , rise . though fearful of they , there be beautiful dignity about she . " why art thou here ? " she ask . " what dost thou want of I ? " 189 close - up group of puritans among this group be mistress hibbin ; but it be not she who speak . it be the beadle whose very coldness of manner be terrifying . he say : title : " we have decide amongst we that thy child shall be take from thee and bring up by a Christian woman - - " back : he say this few word forcibly -- then stop short , regard she coldly . 190 semi close - up hester hester listen . she have hear that dreadful sentence , which for a moment leave she too stunne to make protest . 191 longer shot the beadle take a step toward the cradle . hester spring in front of it protectingly . now it be that the grief she have keep pent - up within she be unleash . she plead -- pitiful , heart - break plead -- she body rack with sob . she be tell they : " thou canst not take my baby from I . she be all I have to love - - to cherish ! I will make myself worthy of she ; I will devote my life to she ! she be the heart of my heart . thou canst not tear it out of my body . " but they shut they ear and whisper coldly among themselves . mistress hibbin seem to be urging they forward . she sidle up to the beadle and whisper in he ear . one instinctively know that she be say , " seize the child ! take it away from she -- the wanton ! have not pity for it -- it be the child of the devil . " when the beadle start toward the baby in its cradle , a tigerish mother - love possess hester . she take the baby in she arm . her voice rise to a hysterical crescendo , and she body tremble with the violence of she denunciation . " thou canst never take my child ! mine ! Far rather would I see she dead than to be give over to thy care ! bring up to know only intolerance , injustice , damnation ! " " silence , hester ! " the man 's voice ring out . " stand back that we may take the child without violence . " a scream tear out of she . " stand back ! I will strike to _kill the first one who dare lay a hand upon my baby ! " 192 semi close - up hester in the flicker light of the candle , hester 's stare eye be that of a mad woman . her face be distort with terror and rage . " stand back ! " she scream again , " or I will tear thee limb from limb ! I will tear the heart out of thy body ! I would make thee suffer as thou hast crucify I ! stand back ! " 193 semi close - up puritans even mistress hibbin be silence by hester 's eye , blaze with a fury that be close to madness . there be no perceptible move . 194 long shot but just as they be galvanize into action and make to surround hester , reverend dimmesdale enter the cell , push he way through they , hurl they to one side with a force that be bear of despair , until he stand before hester , ready to protect she . his voice echoe hester 's frantic command , " stand back ! " there be something so compelling in the fiery eye of they minister that they move toward the door and stand shame - face before he . some of they shuffle they foot and look about uneasily . " shame on thee that thou wouldst attack a helpless woman ! " the minister 's voice be break with compassion for she . 195 semi close - up the minister and hester hester hold she baby against she breast , she arm fearfully around she , ready to shield she . the minister look at she and down at the child . it be the first time he eye have lingered upon he own baby . it be a tragic look he bend upon it -- then a mutely tragic look at hester which speak of he suffer . 196 semi close - up group of puritans mistress hibbin , cackle to herself , dare to break the silence . she be point toward the baby : title : " wouldst thou protect a nameless brat ? " her eye be narrow with suspicion . 197 semi close - up hester and the minister they have never think of this before . a nameless brat ! this child , so sacred in they eye , must be brand " a nameless brat " in the eye of the world . there be tragic pathos in he voice when he speak to hester : title : " before God , thy child shall have a name , and I shall baptize she - - " 198 longer shot at this news there be general protest from the assemble crowd . but the minister raise he hand commanding silence , and they obey he . then he order hester to stand forward under the glow of light . she hold the child in she arm and face he . he look around for water , which be one of the property of baptism . on the crude table in the room , or perhaps by the cradle of the child , be a pewter mug with water in it . this he take a place near he , or ask one of the puritans to hold . he reach for the child and hold it tenderly in he own arm while he baptize it . 199 semi close - up hester and the minister " hester prynne , what wouldst thou name thy child ? " he ask . hester , gaze down at the child , answer quietly : title : " I name thee Pearl - - for thou art indeed a pearl of great price . " 200 semi long shot it be a simple ceremony , this baptism . the minister dip he finger in the water and then upon the head of the baby , as he say : " I name thee Pearl , in the name of the Father , the Son , and the Holy ghost . " and then - - " let we bow we head in prayer . " the puritans be force to kneel in that darken room while the minister offer a prayer for the soul of the child . 201 semi close - up hester and the minister the minister pray with a fervor that tell of the agony of he own soul . hester , deeply touch , weep silently . her burn tear fall upon the baby 's upturn face . 202 close - up baby head one of hester 's tear fall upon the baby 's cheek . it laugh . when the second tear drop upon its lip , the baby 's little tongue lick it off . ( this can be easily do by let fall a drop of water sweeten with honey upon the baby 's mouth . ) 203 close - up hester and the baby hester look down at the baby . this little funny gesture of the baby 's which will undoubtedly make the audience laugh , make hester laugh , strange , terrible , hysterical laughter which be bear of sorrow . 204 long shot laughter be a ghastly thing in this grim , dank prison cell . hysterical laughter , which have a note of madness in it , send the cold chill down they spine as they , still kneel , look up at she in horror . even the minister step back from she , aghast , though realize that it be laughter bear of hester 's break spirit . ( as a scene of hysteria be dangerous , it be advisable to play it two way . ) slow fade out title : four year have pass . hester prynne be no longer permit to make bridal veil , but must sew on pall for the dead . 205 fade in int . hester' house long shot hester be sit by the window . she wear a dark dress . it be somber work sewing on black pall . the child be the only bright , fantastic element close to she . she come dance toward she mother , seize she by the hand and try to draw she out into the garden . hester shake she head and , indicate she work , say that she cannot leave . 206 close - up hester and the child there be a intense love between this two . hester look down into the little laugh face and bend to embrace she . her eye search the child with sweeping tenderness . she brushes she hair back from she forehead ; she make a little spit-curl on one cheek . she scrutinize the child 's ear to make certain they be clean . she take a handkerchief and blow the child 's nose . then she say triumphantly , " thou art ready for play . " 207 ext . hester' house semi long shot the minister be pass hester 's house . we note at once the shocking change in he . he be haggard -- he eye be sink in they socket . he look like a man who have suffer a severe illness . at the window be hester and the child . 208 close - up of window ( what the minister sees ) hester bend forward with a sharp intake of breath as she see the minister pass . there be mute recognition , a exchange of tragic look between the two . the child , curious to see what have attract she attention , peek out at the minister . 209 ext . hester' house ( what hester and the child see ) the minister hesitates . he look with dumb pain toward hester and the child . his hand go over he heart as though it be twist and torture he . 210 int . hester' house semi close - up hester and the child the sight of the man she love leave hester faint , almost overcome for the moment . her eye close wearily . then she mind be bring to sharp focus by the voice of she child . " mother ? " the child be ask curiously . when hester look at the child , the little one have she hand over she heart , and she voice be curious : title : " mother , why doe the minister always put he hand over he heart ? " back : hester shake she head . " I do not know , my child . thou must not ask I so many question . " she reach for the pall upon which she have be work . " thou must go out to play -- dost thou not see how busy I be ? " the child exit . 211 ext . hester' house a group of youngster go hurry by . Pearl , like all youngster , run and climb on the gate . " good morning to thee ! " she call . they stand there stare at she -- arrogant little puritans who stare , point scornfully , then without a word rush away from she . 212 close - up pearl the child 's eye widen ; for a moment she almost yield to a desire to cry ; then she set she little jaw , press she lip together , and cry , " scat , or I will pepper you with prickly burr ! " 213 ext . of house longer shot Pearl be now ready to do battle . she be a wild little sprite . she sit perch up on the fence and watch a group of puritans who be walk toward she . among they be mistress hibbin . they be on they way to the meeting - house . " good morning ! " cry Pearl again , make another attempt to be friendly . the woman draw they skirt to one side as if the child would contaminate they ; and with they head hold high , they walk past she . 214 close - up pearl the child 's face flush with anger . she hate mistress hibbin . she cast they one threaten look , then start to climb down the fence . 215 longer shot Close to the fence , in a hide - place under some leave , be Pearl 's little store of prickly burr . insert close - up of pile of prickly burr Pearl 's little hand enter the scene and start to pick they up . back : Pearl fly to the fence and hurl this burr at the puritans . 216 close - up puritan a well - aim burr perches on top of he hat . 217 close - up pearl she throw another burr . 218 close - up mistress hibbin the burr have catch in she hair behind she ear . she cry out with pain and rage , and shake a threaten finger at the child . 219 semi long shot Pearl be laugh as she see the puritans run to escape this little , but deadly , enemy of theirs . she do not notice that the child have return and be creep close to the fence . in they outstretch hand be pile of mud . 220 close - up group of child they be creep toward the camera , which be in the direction of Pearl , and we see what they be go to do -- throw mud at the child . one little boy swing he arm and let the mud-cake fly past the camera . 221 close - up pearl the mud catch Pearl on the side of the face . she wheel around , startle . 222 longer shot Pearl jump from the fence and run over to where be the prickly burr . she begin hurl this at the child while they , in turn , throw the mud , cover she from head to foot with it . 223 int . hester' house hester be fold the pall when she hear the outcry of the child . she spring to she foot , lay she work to one side , and hurry out . 224 ext . rear of hester' house Pearl be stand there , a spraddle - legge , tempestuous figure , slinging the burr at she enemy . some of the child be still throw mud , and Pearl be cover from head to foot . hester , frighten , come run out and up to Pearl . at sight of she , most of the child fly , but one little boy wait , duck , and hide . he be go to let hester have a handful of it . 225 close - up little boy the boy have a malicious face . he study he aim for a moment , then throw a pile of mud . 226 close - up hester and pearl hester have drop on she knee beside Pearl . she be gaze at the child aghast . the mud come into the scene , strike hester full in the breast , half - cover the letter " a . " Pearl be cry . 227 int . vestry of church several of reverend dimmesdale 's parishioner be there to see he about church duty . he be try to hide the ravage of grief and troubled conscience that have just be make by the sight of hester and the child . he be surround by he people , who look upon he with eye fill with a awed love and respect . they attitude toward he will make it very evident that to they there be something very saint-like about he . a child enter and run up to she mother . the minister lean down and with a tender gesture touch the child 's head . he speak in a wistful , distraught manner to two old people . how mark a contrast between he attitude now and he former intolerant , condemn manner . enter mistress hibbin and the puritans , who be the object of little Pearl 's wrath . mistress hibbin be bristle with indignation . she tell they of what the child have do to they . her eye be flash . there be a note of triumph in she voice when she conclude : title : " every time I pass the house I put a curse upon that child of sin . " back : there be dreadful word for the minister to hear . he start to protest against she tirade , but she shrill voice drown he , as she bitterly exclaim , " hester prynne should be run out of the village . " all be agree . the woman he love -- and he child . again he conscience twist -- that pain shoot through he heart . his hand go to it . they all show they alarm . he assure they it be nothing ; he be quite all right and able to go on . when he leave they , they whisper among themselves , shaking they head sadly . they do not believe that the minister will be long with they . 228 int . hester' home a small wooden tub sit before the fireplace . hester have just wash Pearl and be now help the child into she shirt when she turn , hearing a knock upon the door . 229 ext . hester' house a funeral group of three man . they have come there for the pall . one be knock on the door . 230 int . hester' house hester reach for a shawl , wrap it quickly around Pearl , and open the door . the man enter . hester greet they pleasantly , but they make no response . they gesture be stiff , and they word few . " mistress prynne , be the pall ready ? " hester get the pall and show it to they . they examine it carefully to see if she work be well do . during this action , the youngster have go over to the window which be close to the door lead out into the backyard . 231 close - up window the profile of the child peer out of the window . in the garden beyond can be see that wick child creep into the yard after Pearl 's store of burr . 232 semi long shot of the room while hester be fold the pall and the man be wait , we see Pearl with one eye on she mother , crawl out of the window . the shawl get catch on the sill and be leave there . 233 ext . rear garden the child have they hand full of she store of prickly burr before they see Pearl descend upon they like a raging little fury . they fly before she . when she discover that they have take she treasure , she forget everything . she forget the garb she be in , or else do not care , and start in pursuit of they . 234 int . hester' home the man be leave with the pall . when the door be close , hester turn back to speak to Pearl . she look around , surprised , and then startle , to find she go . she peek around the bench , look into the closet , believe , of course , that the child must be hide . 235 ext . village STREET the child , run past the camera . in back of they run Pearl . 236 ext . rear of hester' house hester come hurry out , look around for Pearl . she be nowhere to be see . 237 long shot of village square the naughty little girl , attire only in she shirt , be run down the main street toward the market - place , the child scream and fly before she . oh , what a commotion it make ! how shocked that puritan woman be ! 238 semi close - up ( camera on track ) the back of Pearl be to the camera . in this shot the child run ahead of she can be see . 239 ext . village square showing the scaffold the puritans be horrify . now Pearl chase the child around the scaffold . she lean down to pick up rock and fling they at they . 240 ext . church reverend dimmesdale be just come out of the church . he be astonished to see come toward he , on a dead run , three or four child , pursue by Pearl . the child run around he as if seek protection from Pearl , who , like a little witch , chase they . once as she run around he , she catch hold of he coat , darting in back of he -- from one side to the other . he turn as if to protect she and catch she in he arm . here mistress hibbin enter . 241 semi close - up reverend dimmesdale and mistress hibbin and pearl the minister be try to quiet the child , assure she that he be not go to harm she , but protect she . she , terrify , not understanding , be kick at he , try to free herself . her terror increase when she see mistress hibbin in back of she . now she manage to free herself . mistress hibbin , point at she , spit after she : " child of sin ! child of the devil - - in the devil 's own garb ! " 242 ext . village STREET long shot hester , hurry down the street in search of Pearl . she catch sight of she as she scoot across the square . 243 ext . pool of water near the scaffold the child run through it , splash the water as she make for a hide place under the step of the pillory . 244 close - up step of pillory the child huddle under the step . she be shiver with cold , and thoroughly frighten . 245 ext . near church reverend dimmesdale , listen to mistress hibbin tirade , turn upon she and silence she . then he start forward to go to the aid of hester . 246 semi close - up hester and pearl the child lie there wet , shiver and frighten . her mother wrap she in the shawl . the child burst into tear . 247 semi long shot of market -place the puritans , furious at this exhibition of wanton immodesty , revile hester as she hurry past they , carry the child . they point they finger , they jeer at she . the minister hurry to she side . he hold up a hand in protest . at this , all evidence of physical violence cease ; but they scornful look and point finger make hester aware that they hatred of she be still alive in they heart . 248 close - up minister his hand press he aching heart -- to think that _he_ can go free , while hester must suffer ! 249 close - up hester and child hester , hurry past the camera on she way home , carry the child in she arm . fade out 250 fade in int . minister' study night the minister 's study be light only by the glow of firelight . a strange , almost dishevel figure be the minister as he kneel before the fire , he eye fastened on a iron poker which he lay on the coal until it be itself a glow coal . he reach into the fire and , lift it up by the cool end , hold it before he , he lip fashion a prayer . in he eye be the look of a fanatic . he tear off the front of he cassock and bare he breast . as he bring the smoking brand close to he breast , we fade out -- or CUT to : 251 int . hester' room close shot Pearl be dangerously ill with a fever . hester watch anxiously , bend over the bed , fix she frighten eye upon the child , who toss about . " Pearl ! " she cry to the child , and wait with agonize suspense for a response . Pearl be unconscious ; now she little hand be grow cold . hester breathes upon they and chafe they to warm they . she be frighten , bewilder -- she do not know what to do . suddenly , she rise , call out : " gile ! " as if she voice would carry to he . 252 longer shot she dart away from the bed as though to go after gile -- then she dart back to Pearl , hat to leave she ; but finally , in desperation , she throw a shawl about herself and run from the room out into the night . 253 ext . hester' cottage hester exit from she cottage and start toward the village . 254 int . meeting -house full shot the building be fill with the male colonist seat in the body of the house ; the dignitary of the government and Church be upon the platform . no woman be present . gile , serve as interpreter , be conduct a conversation between a group of Indians in full regalia and the Governor . 255 closer shot of platform the Indians turn to call from they midst a white man dress in fantastic garb . this man be hester prynne 's husband ; he be old and slightly deform , and unnaturally bright eye peer out from a sinister face . there be something forbid about he as he stand there explain to the Governor : title : " for seven year this Indians have hold I prisoner , wait for a chance to demand ransom - - " 256 close - up roger prynne he be a mysterious , menace figure . he be address the Governor : title : " -- but during that time I learn much of they alchemy of herb -- for in England I have earn quite a reputation as a physician . " 257 semi long shot the Governor be quite impressed with this ; he attitude toward prynne be friendly and suggest that he will come to he aid . 258 ext . gile ' barber shop a lantern over the door show this sign : horace gile -- barber and surgeon . hester be pound on the door . gile ' assistant open the door . he tell she gile be not there and point over toward the meeting - house . hester exit in the direction of the meeting - house . 259 ext . meeting -house hester come outside of the meeting - house , hesitates , and rush up to the window . 260 closer shot of window hester , peer in , dramatically tense and eager . she search until she find -- CUT to 261 int . meeting -house close - up gile gile look in the opposite direction from hester . 262 int . meeting -house close - up at window the face of the frantic little mother be peer in at the window , try to attract the attention of gile . her white face be press against the pane , she eye , stark and stare , be try to draw he attention . she even beckon with she hand , think that perhaps the motion will attract he . finally she tap upon the window . 263 int . meeting -house longer shot ( showing window ) the beadle , hearing the tapping on the window , turn around and see hester . furious that she dare come there to pry into they affair , he motion she away and order two very tall , gaunt puritans to step in front of the window to shield what go on within from hester 's eye . hester , force to leave , run to the door . 264 ext . meeting -house close shot at entrance hester be tie to push she way through the crowd at the door , but the two stern- look puritans refuse she admittance . no woman be allow there in the first place , and how do _she_ dare , she who wear the badge of shame , to enter in search of gile ? hester , pitting she puny strength against theirs , tire to force she way in , but they force she farther from the entrance . then she frantically plead with they : title : " my child be ill -- I must speak with gile , we barber-surgeon . " back : but they only order she away , form a bulwark through which she cannot pass . 265 ext . meeting -house at entrance longer shot hester push she way through the crowd at the door , call , " gile ! gile ! " but the hand of one of the puritans close over she mouth . ducking under he arm , she evade he and push on past the tall figure . 266 int . meeting -house hester be a pathetic little gray figure among the man who be like the tall trunk of dark tree . upon the platform can be see the Governor , make a address of welcome to the stranger . hester 's entrance have cause quite a commotion and attract everyone 's attention , so that the Governor pause in he address . forgetting everything in she terror but the thought of she child , she run toward gile . she seize he by he hand , cry : title : " come with I ! my child be die ! thou must save she ! " back : gile rise , embarrassed but eager to serve hester , and they start out . hester have not notice the stranger , who rise at she entrance and have be stare at she dramatically . 267 semi close - up roger prynne , the beadle and the governor the Governor can be see in the back , get the ledger . in the foreground Roger prynne and the beadle . the face of the stranger be draw and dark . he turn toward the beadle , stand beside he , and ask : " who be that woman ? " the beadle tell he , " hester prynne - - the only woman in we village who wear the badge of shame . " Roger prynne have see the scarlet letter . he have hear she speak about she child . the beadle whisper to the stranger the story of hester prynne , but do not notice that the man 's face glow with revengeful light . the Governor motion for prynne to come and write he name in the ledger . prynne walk over toward he . 268 close - up prynne he look down at the ledger , take the quill , and start to write : insert : close - up ledger prynne 's hand enter . he write roger -- and start to write prynne , get as far as the pr -- when the hand pause and he write over this two letter the word chillingworth . 269 int . hester' room semi close - up bed gile and hester be at the bedside of the child , who lie there rigid , in a spasm - - a spasm that have all the appearance of death . gile bend over she , examine she pulse and eye , while hester watch fearfully , not dare to ask the verdict . finally she gasp : " canst thou do anything for she ? " and she voice raise to a wail . gile shake he head with grow apprehension . " I can not help thee , hester . " " then she will die ! " hester turn back to she child . heartbreak sob now rack she body . " Pearl ! Pearl ! thou canst not be take away from I ! thou art my life ! " she cover the little stiffen hand with kiss . then come to she the think that at this tragic moment the father of the child should be there , and she fairly scream at gile : title : " go for the minister ! tell he my child be die ! " back : gile , like one in a daze , stagger out . hester turn back to the child , whose eye be now stark and stare . hester 's own eye be that of a mad woman . the enforce inertia , she inability to do anything to help Pearl , be almost kill hester . 270 ext . meeting -house in the light doorway the beadle be point out the way to hester 's house to she husband . his sharp eye shine under lower brow , and there be a evil look in they as he walk away . 271 int . hester' room this moment of delay be harrowing one to hester . she know not which breath may be the last . she feel that she can endure inaction no longer . she lift the child , heavy and stiff , in she arm and stagger with she to the center of the room as if she be go to run to the church for fear that the minister be not come to she . then , sway under the weight of the child , she know it be madness , and carry the little one back to the bed . 272 ext . hester' house prynne , walk toward the door . 273 int . hester' house hester hear the sound of footstep upon the gravel . she be listen . hope light she face . it be as though she heart have cry out , " he be come ! " she rush to the door and swing it open . 274 close - up doorway Roger prynne 's face leer at hester from the shadow . 275 semi close - up roger and hester hester recoil as though she have be strike . " thou ! " she cry , stare at he transfix . his move be slow and deliberate , as if guide by inner cruelty . he close the door , and , as he come toward she , she back away , she eye still fastened upon he , wide with terror . " I think that thou wear dead ! " without a word , he point to the letter " a " upon she breast . " adultress ! " he cry , and then with he face convulse with pain and hatred , he tell she : title : " all this year I have think of thee -- dream of return to thee ! and now that I do find thee - - " back : the word seem choke off , and he can only point again to the scarlet letter . for a moment it would seem as if hester 's reason be totter , she be so spell - bound by the ominous presence of this man . then , hearing a slight convulsive movement from the child , she mind be bring into sharp focus again . 276 larger shot hester drop on she knee beside the bed , she fear for the child surmount every other emotion . for a moment prynne stand watch this two ; and then without a word he lean over and examine the child . hester watch he fearfully . at last he slip the knapsack off he back , open it , and search for a small leather medicine case . hester pay no heed to he as he prepare some medicine . when she look up , he be pour it into a phial . he tell she : title : " have no fear , mistress prynne -- I can cure she ! " 227 semi close - up at bed prynne hold out the phial to she , say : " woman , this child be yours - - she be none of mine . administer this , therefore , with thine own hand . " hester , she eye fill with suspicion , make no movement as he hand draw close to hers with the phial in it . her eye meeting he , she ask apprehensively : title : " wouldst thou avenge thyself on a innocent child ? " back : a twisted , unhappy smile come to prynne 's lip , though he eye remain cold . she watch he intently . although he control he deep emotion , he eye be brilliant and fire with strange fever as he say to she : title : " I could do no more for she be she thy child -- _and mine ! _ " back : hester administer the draught to the child . prynne now kneel with he head on the child 's heart . hester watch , concentrate upon the child . 278 semi close - up pearl and roger prynne prynne listen to Pearl 's heart . almost immediately Pearl begin to show sign of relaxation -- and sign of life return . 279 close - up hester she be intently watch the child and , as she sign of return life , tear spring to she eye , and she lip be tear between a smile and a sob . 280 semi close - up hester and roger hester look up at prynne , who be study the child . her eye be inquire of he , " she be better ? " he tell she : title : " all danger be past . ' twas but a spasm -- in a few hour she will be well again . " back : for the moment , forget that he motive may have be sinister , hester be conscious only of hysterical relief commingle with a certain gratitude for he have save she child . the child out of danger ! hester relax . tear be in she eye ; and yet she be happy , quite happy , in spite of prynne . it be when he see she relief that he face harden and fill with hatred . this transition come slowly and definitely . he lean toward she and , with eye flame and fill with menace , he charge she : title : " who be the father of this child ? " back : hester stare at he , shocked by the suddenness of this change in he . she cry out to he , " it be a secret lock in my heart . no one shall ever know . " that long cruel finger be point at she ! " answer I , woman ! reveal thy secret to thy husband ! " " no ! no ! " hester cry , " I would die first . " now she see he slowly rise and creep over toward she . when he reach she , he outstretch hand seize she wrist and drag she to she foot . 281 close - up hester and prynne prynne , with hester 's wrist hold in a firm grasp , draw she toward he . his finger press cruelly into she flesh . there pour from he a bitter , scathing denunciation . " the name of the man ! " he keep repeat . " confess ! " hester be like a bait animal . " never ! never ! " she cry . " not even to my child ! " he hold she to he , he temper work up to a violence which he can scarcely control . then it be that they stop , as if they hear step outside . hester , terrify , look instantly toward the door . she know it be the minister -- and that he will find prynne there ! 282 ext . hester' house at door the minister be dismiss gile , for he would be alone with hester and the child . so weaken be he by the ordeal through which he have just pass that he be almost on the verge of a collapse . 283 int . hester' house Roger prynne release hester from he firm , cruel grasp . there be a expression of fiendish cun in he face as he turn and kneel down beside the child with he back to the door . hester hurry forward , inwardly praying that she can stop the minister . but she be too late . as prynne drop down beside the bed , the door fling open and the minister come in . he do not see prynne as he stagger toward hester , cry out : title : " hester ! we child ! " back : hester 's face be freeze with horror , but the minister 's arm have catch she and hold she close in a embrace that be bear of despair . 284 close - up hester and the minister hester 's first think be for the protection of the man she love , but she seem paralyze with horror as she draw out of he arm and look toward prynne . 285 close - up prynne prynne be smile that diabolical smile which be fill with a threat and a promise of revenge . he slowly rise , he eye fix upon hester and the minister . 286 longer shot the minister be shocked to discover a stranger in the room . as prynne rise and make one step toward the minister , hester 's one think be that he will do no bodily harm to the man that she love . she spring toward the minister protectingly ; but Roger prynne 's revenge be more subtle . he smile ; there be a suggestion of a bow in he gesture as he face they . indicating hester , he say : title : " I be she husband . " 287 close - up hester and the minister so much have the minister endure of physical and mental suffer that he have now reach the peak of despair . hester still stand before he in that protect attitude , she eye fix upon prynne , as if she be hypnotize by he . she wait for the sentence that he will pronounce upon they , as if wait for she doom . 288 semi long shot of room prynne move slowly , with deliberate , measure footstep . he get he knapsack and put it over he shoulder . he walk over to the bed and pick up he hat . he act as if he be alone in the room , that this two terrify people whose destiny he have in he hand be not there , stare at he transfix . when he reach the door , he pause . his hand be already on the knob before he look back at they . 289 close - up prynne prynne 's face be snake-like . his little eye be still fix upon they . he smile again that twisted , terrible smile , and he speak quietly with sinister emphasis : title : " have no fear -- I will not betray thy secret ! " 290 close - up hester and the minister they be almost spell - bound at what prynne be say to they . 291 close - up prynne at the door he open the door as if he be go out ; then he look back again and speak : title : " my revenge will be infinite ! " 292 longer shot of the room slowly , prynne walk out , close the door after he . hester cling to the minister . fade out 293 fade in int . tavern long shot daylight the captain from the Spanish ship and several of he crew be seat at one of the table . they be colorful , interesting pirate . the captain be a jolly cavalier , rotund and friendly . at the other table be somber , sanctimonious puritans eat with great solemnity . hester and Pearl enter . the child , bashful , cling to she mother 's skirt . hester go over to the innkeeper to ask he which of the man there be the captain of the Spanish boat . the innkeeper , surprised at hester 's request , go to the captain , ask he if he would speak with hester . the old pirate , delighted to speak to any pretty girl , rise and go over to she . 294 semi close - up hester and the captain the captain bow before hester with quite a show of gallantry . when hester talk to he , she keep she hand over the scarlet letter on he breast . she be ask he eagerly : title : " thy boat sail tomorrow afternoon - - after the election celebration ? " back : the captain nod heartily -- tell she that he boat leave America for the Spanish Main . hester continue eagerly : title : " I would secure passage for three - - a man , my child , and myself . " back : there be a roguish twinkle in the captain 's eye . " I would be glad to accommodate thee . " hester hand he a little leather purse fill with coin . he open it and pour out into he hand the coin , count they while he agree upon the price for the passage . as hester watch he , she face radiate new hope . fear be slowly leave it ; a light be come back into she eye ; she breathes easier , as if she feel that freedom be close at hand . fade out 295 fade in ext . wood near bridge over stream hester be wait anxiously near the old trysting - place . Pearl can be see in the background play at the edge of the brook . hester 's eye fairly glow with happiness when she see the minister come toward she . he walk with a effort . death be already knock at he door . his face seem draw and white . his eye be deep - shadow and have in they that far-away look of one whose vision be fast dimming . 296 close - up hester and the minister hester tell he breathlessly she plan -- that she have see the captain of the boat , that he must leave , fly from the threaten revenge of Roger prynne . earnestly , she be try to persuade he . title : " in some far- away country happiness be to be enjoy . there be the broad pathway of the sea . " back : she watch he eagerly , she eye search he face . but hope have long be dead within he heart . it can not so easily be bring to life . slowly , despairingly , he answer she : title : " there be not the strength or courage leave in I to venture alone - - " 297 close - up hester hester be watch he intensely . her eye be deep with love . she whisper with scare happiness -- she heart already relieved of much of its pain : title : " thou shalt not go alone ! " 298 close - up dimmesdale dimmesdale hear she word and look at she as they meaning begin to dawn on he . his eye widen with wonder and long . then slowly do he catch the infection of she courage ; he begin to yield to she persuasion . 299 semi close - up hester and dimmesdale she draw closer to he -- she hand find he . her face be glow now with the happiness that have be lose through the long year of suffer . she cry out to he : title : " we need never look back . the past be go . " back : her finger go to the letter on she breast . she fumble with it . when she look up at the minister , it be with shine eye as she tell he : title : " see ! with this symbol I undo it all and make it as it have never be . " back : eagerly she begin to unclasp the letter . dimmesdale watch she , listen as if he have be call upon to realize a dream . exultantly hester fling the scarlet letter from she . unconsciously she stand straighter as though she shoulder be free of some burden . she take a deep , free breath of happy relief . another quick , impulsive think light up she face . she draw the cap from she head and allow the full shine radiance of she hair to fall unconfine . thus she stand once more , beautiful -- she eye wide with hope - - a beckone smile on she lip as she look at dimmesdale . he be breathless with wonder at she beauty . as he soul throw off its shackle , he stumble toward she almost exultantly . he take she in he arm , look at she with shine eye . " yes , I will go with thee . we will go away together to another land . " he clasp she more closely to he . his hand linger upon she hair . his eye plunge into the depth of she eye . his lip touch hers . " o my beloved , " he cry , " with the past forget - - with the think of future happiness ahead for we ! " hungry for this embrace that they have be deny all this year , forget all the agony that have go past , they release themselves to this beautifully tender and emotional love scene . then slowly they withdraw from each other 's embrace , as the child 's little hand reach up and pluck she mother 's sleeve . 300 close - up hester the wind be blow hester 's hair -- she eye be light with the divine light of happiness . then slowly there come over she face a strange expression which be unexplain for a few moment . she be stare down at the child . what be that the child be hold in she hand ? memories of the past come flooding back , terrifying she . will she never be allow to forget the past ? two little hand reach up into the scene and pin the scarlet letter on hester 's breast . then the hand withdraw , and slowly hester 's hand rise and start bind she hair . fade out 301 fade in ext . mistress hibbin ' house mistress hibbin be sit by the window . she have be sewing on a dress but she have fall asleep against the high back of the chair , she sewing fall to the floor . 302 longer shot of house to include window gile creep out from behind a bush . he have be wait for mistress hibbin to fall asleep . he peer around -- no one be watch . then he steal into she house . 303 int . mistress hibbin ' house mistress hibbin ' hat and shawl rest on a chair nearby . gile pick up the dress , stealthily , lest the old gossip should awaken and see he . then he tiptoe out to the fireplace , get the broom , and , return , slip the head of the broom through the dress , stuff the shawl into the dress , and jam the hat on the head of the broom , hide the twig . and in but a few minute master gile have rig up a effigy of mistress hibbin ! a peek out of the window , and there be a hopeful grin on gile ' face as he see -- CUT to 304 STREET shoot from gile ' position the Governor and the beadle walk down the street very pompously , discuss weighty affair of state . they have almost reach the window . CUT to 305 semi close - up gile gile , hide himself behind the wall at the side of the window -- the effigy hide the sleep mistress hibbin . gile address the effigy : title : " what , mistress hibbin ? do thou think that the Governor be a old fossil and doest thou hope to see he defeat at election tomorrow ? " 306 ext . mistress hibbin ' house the Governor and the beadle stop short as they hear this word . the Governor look toward the window . he set he jaw ; he eye flash as he see : CUT to 307 ext . window mistress hibbin ( the effigy ) be nodd . 308 int . mistress hibbin ' live room gile , peek around the edge of the window to see how the Governor be take it , continue : " fie , for shame , mistress hibbin ! " -- and then he bend over close to the bonnet as if he be listen with he hand to he ear : title : " it would cost thee a ducking , but , fear not , I would never betray thee . " 309 semi close - up beadle and the governor the Governor 's brow be draw into a hard line . he and the beadle exchange glance which bode ill for mistress hibbin . they be just start on when the Governor say threateningly : title : " mistress hibbin shall be punish for this . she shall be duck by gile tomorrow . " back : the beadle nod in decide approval . 310 int . hibbin ' house gile grin from ear to ear ! he blow a kiss to the sleep hibbin . " at last ! " he whisper , " at last ! " 311 int . reverend dimmesdale's study in he study reverend dimmesdale be gather he few thing together - - he favorite book . he be almost feverish in he haste , work as though he would keep from think . 312 int . hester' home hester be on the floor , kneel before the little trunk . there be a pile of clothes -- hers and Pearl 's -- near the trunk , and she pack and unpack the thing , so bewilder by she happiness that she do not know what she be do . Pearl be try to help . she carry she funny - look doll to she mother to be carefully pack away with the other thing . hester spin around in sheer happiness as she dream that on the morrow the three of they will have escape , and all pain and unhappiness will be forget . fade out title : with pomp and ceremony the puritans celebrate Election Day . 312 fade in ext . market-place the street be agog with activity . a air of festivity prevail . as the people pass to and for , drum beat , the band strike up and some of the puritanical solemnity seem lose . in the market - place a crowd have gather . the people be be jostle to and for as they crane they neck to see over the head of the people in front of they . 314 semi long shot of the ducking pond gile be about to duck mistress hibbin . the crowd be wait in breathless expectancy . the beadle be stand by , stiffly wait as though to see punishment properly administer , but there be a gleam in he eye as though he be enjoy it . mistress hibbin plead with gile -- with the beadle -- that she be innocent . but gile , with great pleasure , spit on he hand , seize the handle , and with much flourish drop mistress hibbin into the water . when she come up sputtering and mad as a wet hen , she call out : title : " I have be falsely accuse ! I have be sin against ! " back : gile listen to this in great glee . he have never be quite so happy in all he life . the beadle do not weaken in the least at she defense -- for have he not himself hear mistress hibbin hold the Governor up to ridicule ? and the beadle tell gile : title : " duck she again ! -- for the lie that be on the tip of she tongue . " back : gile grin -- and down go mistress hibbin . as she come up , drip water , she squawk : " I have be sin against ! " with a motion of he hand , the beadle order , " again - - for good measure ! " gile never dream of so much pleasure . his face be like a melon that have be cut with a knife , so wide be he grin . another good grip on the handle -- and down she go . 315 ext . market -place the Election Day procession be come down the street -- the people in the foreground eager to see . 316 semi close - up market-place hester be stand there , watch the parade . she be as eager and as excited as a child -- even more so than Pearl who clutches at she mother 's hand , rise on tiptoe when the soldier go past . the people have move away from hester , so that she always stand alone . Indians can be see in the background . mistress hibbin come run past hester on she way home . she be like a wet hen fly for shelter . 317 flash of the procession go toward the church much pomp . the band be follow by the soldier in glitter armor with weapon flash in the sunlight . Men from off the Spanish ship . puritans in they holiday garb . the minister walk beside the Governor . 318 semi close - up hester and group hester be no longer able to control she eager excitement . in a few moment the minister will pass by and they eye will meet . there will be a salute between they -- a flash of recognition . in a few hour they will be away ! she do not notice that Roger prynne be walk up to she , stand in back of she . 319 close - up prynne and hester hester , conscious that someone be near she , turn slowly and look into the eye of prynne . prynne smile and bow , then quietly move away . hester 's eye follow he . the light of she happiness die out , and then slowly come back to she as she dismiss this fear . it be only a transient one . a few hour longer ! 320 medium long shot in this shot we see the procession pass by hester . the minister walk beside the Governor - - the beadle in back of they . they march close to hester . 321 close - up minister --camera on moving platform the minister , walk along , look over at hester . his eye signal to hers . there be in they a sudden sparkle . he , too , know a divine happiness . 322 close - up hester at the sight of the minister she have forget prynne . there be a air of suppress excitement about she . her eye answer the signal shot from the minister 's eye . they glance say very plainly , " in a few hour , my love one . " 323 ext . church the minister and the Governor and the beadle enter the church . then all the people pour into the church , for the minister be to preach the election sermon . 324 int . church for the cut , it might be well to have a semi close - up of prynne . his face be gloomy and forebode in spite of he smile . he slink into one of the pews and sit down , wait for he evil moment of triumph . 325 ext . church the puritans have pour into the church . hester see that the church be fill . she would go in , but the beadle motion she away . she and Pearl go over to the foot of the scaffold . 326 int . church the church be now fill . the minister be step up into the pulpit . 327 close - up pulpit dimmesdale be stand ready to begin he sermon . there be something akin to ecstasy in he expression . this be to be he last sermon , preach with a exaltation of spirit as if he troubled heart have find repose at last . 328 ext . pillory hester stand there alone with Pearl . the Indians , pass by , stop and stare at she curiously . the child be frighten and hide behind she mother 's skirt . when one of the Indians point to the letter on hester 's breast , she hand fly to hide it . she look at they , hurt and frighten . two Indians pass by close to the camera , one say to the other : title : " she must be some great dignitary here . " ( title to be write in iroquois language , dissolve into English . ) 329 int . church long shot Minister preaching . he be look from he pulpit upon a audience whose very inmost spirit have yield to he control . they gaze upon he as though he hold they spellbound . 330 close - up minister as he preach he face be glow with light . he seem scarcely aware of the people in the church . his hand be uplift , as if in supplication . 331 ext . church at pillory hester stand there alone , wait for the minister . she seem lose in a reverie of dream . the sunlight be fall upon she face which reflect she inner happiness . fade out title : the congregation be spellbound . never have they preacher speak as eloquently as he do to-day . he speak as one inspire . 332 fade in int . church long shot the eye of the congregation be upon they minister . as he stand in he pulpit he seem almost transfigure , so far have the exaltation of prayer carry he . then suddenly we see he stop short ; he hand fall to he side . his eye be focus on someone in the church ! what be he tragic eye look at as they strain in they socket ? 333 close - up roger prynne in the congregation Roger prynne be sit there , he eye focus upon the minister . in they be a look -- terrible , meaningful , triumphant . 334 close - up minister the minister make a effort to go on , but all strength seem to have ebb from he , all inspiration be go . he can not move ; he can not speak . his hand go to he heart . he make a gesture of dismissal . 335 long shot the minister step from the pulpit and we see quite a movement among the people in the church . why have that flow of eloquence stop so suddenly ? when they see the minister with he hand upon he heart , they know . he have overtaxe himself ; he have summon too much strength to try to give they a great sermon and have over- reach himself . 336 ext . church hester prynne in the foreground with Pearl , wait . she move forward eagerly when she see that the people be beginning to pour out of the church . the captain of the Spanish boat pass close to she . she hurry over to he with light happy step . 337 close - up hester and the captain she beckon for he to bend he shaggy head close to hers . she whisper in he ear : " thou hast the cabin all ready ? " the captain nod -- a twinkle in he eye as though he divine she happiness . 338 ext . market-place the crowd have gather outside of the church , wait for they minister . they prepare for the continuation of the procession . it have reach some size . again there be evidence of pomp and formality . Soldiers be lining up , form a pathway which lead to the church . they keep the crowd back , though the latter press forward ready to cry out a welcome to its minister when he shall cross the threshold of the church . 339 closer shot the trumpeter pass by hester and Pearl . they be follow by man blow fife and beat drum . hester , reach the very height of she happiness , stand there watch they . 340 int . church the church be fast empty ; only a few be leave . the Governor and the minister be walk toward the door when Roger prynne step up to the minister . the minister can hardly retain he self - possession at the sight of prynne . the Governor , see that prynne wish a few word alone with the minister , pass on . the minister be ashen - white ; he hand go to he heart . 341 close - up minister and prynne the two talk low , tensely . " thou art plan to escape , " warn prynne . " thou hast dream that freedom would come to thee -- freedom ! " and he laugh scornfully . the minister stare at he , stricken . prynne continue menacingly : title : " the boat that take thee and hester away , take _me ! " back : the minister stare at he as if he could not realize the significance of he word . a fearful weakness overcome he . he would clutch at something to hold himself up . he make a supreme effort to keep from fall . prynne speak again : title : " wherever thou dost go , I will follow . thou shalt never escape . " back : the minister read into this bitter accusation more than the revenge of this one man who have be cheat out of he happiness . he see the relentless pursuit of conscience , and he cry out against it . 342 ext . church the crowd be eagerly wait for they minister and in the foreground be hester . 343 close - up hester and the child hester can no longer hide she joy . the child , laugh , clutches at she mother 's hand and look up into that flushed , excited face . 344 ext . church long shot a cry go up from the crowd -- a cheer at the sight of they minister . 345 close - up hester her heart quicken ; she will behold he in this hour of triumph . 346 shot of crowd another cry go up -- then startle silence . 347 ext . at entrance of church the minister be staggering forward . he seize hold of the portal of the door to keep from fall . there be drama in he very weakness . 348 shot of crowd hester be in the foreground . a silence like a pall have fall upon the crowd . hester be strain forward , she agonize eye upon the minister . 349 semi close - up at door of church dimmesdale struggle against he grow weakness . he look over the crowd with fast - dimming eye and then he see -- 350 ext . pillory ( what the minister sees ) a little out of focus 351 medium shot including the minister and hester hester watch as a radiantly happy smile illuminate the minister 's face and , gather new strength , he start down the step . hester stand directly in he path , and it would seem that he happy smile be for she . she draw back , fearful that any contact with she will cast its reflection upon he . and then , when he sway unsteadily , she start forward as though to help he . but when he come close to she , she see that he radiant eye be fastened upon something beyond , and he pass by without even see she . 352 long shot the puritans make way for the minister in hushed silence , watch . he go toward the scaffold and start up the step . 353 close - up hester it be suddenly reveal to hester what the minister intend to do . a scream almost tear out of she . then she stifles it and stand there , not know what to do . she start forward as though she would stop he -- then hesitates . anything she do will damn he in the eye of the people . 354 long shot the minister have reach the platform of the pillory and be stand there , sway unsteadily as he motion for the people to listen to what he have to say . 355 close shot of prynne prynne , stand near the church , be malevolently watch dimmesdale . 356 semi close - up the minister the minister straighten and lift he head as though throw a burden off he shoulder . there be something strangely triumphant in he voice as he cry aloud to the crowd : title : " I stand here where I should have stand six year ago -- by the side of hester prynne . " 357 semi long shot for a second the hushed silence of the crowd be unbroken - - and then the figure of hester fly through the stunne crowd and up the step of the scaffold to the side of the man she love . 358 semi close -up pillory the minister fall on he knee beside hester , cry out , " hester prynne ! " with pierce sweetness . but hester turn to the crowd , plead with they to listen to she , as she cry out : title : " he be mad ! his illness hath unbalance he mind ! he wear the veil of my sorrow ; he accuse himself falsely ! " back : as she speak , the minister be try to summon enough strength to rise and deny she feeble attempt to save he , but he sink at she foot again . Pearl have follow she mother , and now shyly cling to she . 359 close shot of crowd it would seem that she have convinced they . so eager be they to believe they minister innocent that they echo she own word : " he be mad ! the poor man , he illness hath make he lose he mind . " and they nod to each other , try to convince themselves that they saint be still a saint . 360 ext . pillory semi long shot the Governor now walk to the foot of the scaffold . there be movement among the wait crowd . the minister stagger to he foot again . " stop ! " he cry dramatically . " turn thy eye back to I again ! look upon _me , the sinner . hester prynne would protect I again -- but it be too late ! thou must behold the evidence of my guilt ! " the minister step passionately forward a pace before hester and the child . 361 close - up minister he be cry out , " I bid thee look again as I , in my death hour , stand before thee . I bid thee look again at hester 's scarlet letter ! " with a convulsive motion , he tear away the ministerial band before he breast , and there be reveal the letter " a " -- the badge of shame which he have burn upon he breast with the fiery cross . 362 semi long shot for a instant the horror-stricken gaze of the crowd be concentrate upon the ghastly miracle . the minister stand with a flush of triumph in he face as one who , in the crisis of acutest pain , have win a victory . then he sink down upon the scaffold . 363 close - up prynne Roger prynne cry out : title : " only death could have cheat I out of my revenge ! " 364 semi close - up hester , the minister and pearl the die man' eye be fix upon the child . " my little Pearl , " he say feebly . there be a sweet and gentle smile over he face as of a spirit sink in deep repose . " " wilt thou kiss I ? " Pearl kiss he lip . the spell be break . her tear fall upon she father 's cheek . then she crawl away from he so that she may make place for she mother . 365 close - up hester and minister hester hold he in she arm with he head rest against she breast . " hester , " breathes the clergyman , " it be farewell . " then hester , bend he face close to he , she eye shine with tear , whisper tenderly : title : " shall we not meet again ? shall we not spend we immortal life together ? " back : when the minister be able to speak , it be with tremulous solemnity : title : " God knoweth -- and he be merciful - - for he hath bring I hither to this death of triumphant ignominy before the people - - " back : her lip touch he forehead in a farewell caress . and he breathes this word to she : " pray for my soul , hester . " life be fast ebbing away . hester , lift she eye in a moment 's swift , silent prayer , hold he in she arm . with he last feeble gesture , he tear the scarlet letter off she breast . his fast - dimming eye seek the eye of the Governor . 366 close - up governor the old man bow he head . the last die wish of the minister shall be fulfil ; hester prynne shall never again wear the badge of shame . 367 semi close - up the minister and hester his last word to she be : title : " we could never have fle from we sin - - we could never have hide it . it be better to cleanse we soul . ... forgive I , hester - - " back : and he eye close in quiet repose as if he be sink into a peaceful sleep . for a few moment she be not aware that death have come . she sit there rock he in she arm , but over she have fall a veil of peace , as if she , too , be at rest , as if she , too , know something of the eternal forgetfulness that give to he face a smile even in death . when she see that he be dead , she quietly lay he down . 368 longer shot the puritans stand awed into silence at the scene before they . 369 semi close - up hester and the minister hester be envelop in a great calmness now that she know he be at rest , and she say very simply : title : " he be dead . let we pray for he soul . " 370 long shot the people scarcely move ; as if they could not quite believe that the minister be dead , that the voice of hester be fall upon they ear , ask that they should pray . she have rise now and stand before the cross . 371 semi close - up the governor the Governor reveal he hat and stand on the stair of the scaffold in prayer . 372 long shot of the market -place hester praying . slowly , one by one , the puritans kneel in prayer ; for this be they tribute to hester prynne ; they answer to she plea for forgiveness . 373 semi close - up cross on pillory hester stand before the cross praying , praying for the soul of the man she love . out of she martyrdom have come a infinite peace and quiet beauty . and as she pray fade out