the Blair witch Project in October of 1994 , three student filmmaker disappear in the wood near burkittsville , maryland while shoot a documentary call " the Blair witch Project " . a year later they footage be find . man off camera : you look a little blurry . let I zoom out okay ? Heather : okay . huh . man : okay get you . Heather : this be my home . which I be leave the comfort of , for the weekend . to explore the Blair witch . ( Close up of pile of book ) Heather : some essential read . how to stay alive in the Woods , cause you never know what 's go to happen . ( pick up book ) Heather : and this be a very important book , because it have the article about what happen at coffin rock . man : that 's pretty old . Heather : yeah it 's totally old . Heather : and this be my field notebook . ( cut to joshes car ) Heather : hey it 's mister punctuality ! how the hell be you this morning ? josh : tire . so I get the cp up . Heather : good . it 's important , cause that 's what be shoot on . josh : no one know I have it , but I get it . Heather : alright , come on . into the house . ( circle each other with camera . ) Heather : ( laugh ) I be not go to bump into shit from the director ' chair . I do not want to fuck up the camera before we leave . hey ! Nice camera man ! all right I know I be hit the step . ( Inside heaters house , josh look tired with head down on table ) josh : so where 's mikey at ? Heather : I have to go get he . josh : okay . Heather : suppose to be there at 8:30 . josh : okay . Heather : which mean we be already go to be behind schedule , but it 's important to have juice . josh : that 's cool . cut to outside Mike 's house inside car . Heather : I guess you Mike ! josh start to back away leave mike on the doorstep . Heather : ( whisper ) stop , stop , stop , stop . will we get to meet you mamma ? Inside car . Heather : how be you Mike ? it 's nice to meet you . Mike : I be do good , and I be very excited about this . thank you for the opportunity . Heather : well thank you for get the equipment together . cut to grocery store . holding box of rice over shopping cart josh : yeah we have get rice . get mustard , fudge . Mike hold up powerbar Mike : oatmeal and raisin baby . Heather : you like raisin ? I do not like it . Mike : I have never have a powerbar before . Heather zoom in on bag of marshmallow Heather : oh soft josh off camera : hey ! you weasel ! Heather : marrrrshmelllowwwss . walk into small diner Mike point out a Halloween decoration of a ghost josh and Heather : boooooooh Heather : do you believe in ghost ? Inside diner head shot of waitress girl Heather : have you ever hear of the Blair witch ? girl : I guess . that actually sound kind of familiar . my older sister go to Blair High School . Heather : I wanna , I wanna get a little bit into here ... josh : I want to go set this camera up over here . set camera on nearby table shoot towards the crew Heather : we be relatively tightly schedule . so try to keep we move . first we be go to area five . I can not stress enough the importance of be on time . josh : first be the cemetery ? Heather : first be the cemetery . cut to cemetery Mike fiddling with gear josh : you guy wanna get the uh ... ceremonial first slate ? Heather fix makeup in car rear view mirror Heather : absolutely . Heather zoom around josh Heather : here he be , fill out we first slate for we first shot . josh : should we all like cut we finger open and bleed on it ? a little bloodlett on the slate ? Heather : no we will save that for later . ( laugh nervously ) josh : kiss the slate . it 's first slate . Heather : first slate , mark by my lipstick . josh carry slate over to Mike josh : first slate , kiss it . Mike bite down onto clacker part of slate Heather : awe he lick it , god bless he . you’re not suppose to eat it , we need that for the rest of the shoot . cut to welcome sign outside of burkittsville Heather : this be burkittsville , formerly Blair . it be a small , quiet maryland town . cut to heather in cemetery much like a small town anywhere . no more then twenty family laid they root here over two hundred year ago . many of whom remain , either on this hill or in the town below . there be a unusually high number of child laid to rest here . Shots of various headstone most of whom pass in the 1940' . yet no one in the town seem to recall anything unusual about this time . to we anyway . yet legend tell a different story . one whose evidence be all around we , etched in stone . in josh car Heather : yeah ! yeehaww ! well we have shot the first scene ! the cemetery scene , the open be shot ! josh show a handful of ruin and crumpled 16 mm film to camera . Heather : ahh this be we salad . josh : this be we souvenir . Heather : yes this be we souvenir from we very first shot , of we very first scene on 16 millimeter . and we be proud of this salad . cut to man in general store Heather : we be make a documentary , about the Blair witch . man : ( smile ) oh ? Heather : oh , have you hear of the Blair witch ? man : oh yeah , that 's a old , old , old story . outside store on b&w 16 mm man : I remember mister parr be a old hermit . Heather : right . man : he live up on the mountain , he have a place up there and have be up there for a long , long time . cut to woman with baby . Heather : you have hear of the Blair witch ? woman : several time . Heather : several time , and what be the first incidence ? woman : well I would hear storey about she from people and neighbor and stuff like that . but also I see a documentary on the Discovery Channel or something like that once , about she , about ghost and legend in maryland . cut back to man man : sorta in the winter I guess that follow . in the winter of 1940 . ahh some of the young kid start disappear . nobody , nobody know anything about why they be disappear . cut back to woman woman : but the creepy woman be cut off by baby put hand over woman 's mouth Heather : uh oh that 's a omen . woman : ha-ha , the creepiest story I would hear about she , be that two man be out hunt near the uh , cabin or something that she 's suppose to haunt . and they disappear off the face of the earth . baby grow more agitate baby : no ! no ! no ! woman : it 's all right ingrid , I be just tell a scary story , but it 's not true . woman : ( mouth ) it 's true . cut back to man man : finally one day , old mister parr come down into the market and say " I be finally finish . " Heather : and what do he mean by that ? man : well I guess nobody know at first but the police finely go up on the mountain and they searched he house and they find the body of seven kid from the area , and that be the seven kid who be miss . and then they bring they out of the wood one at a time . and it be just a terrible thing , just tore the whole community up . back to woman woman : well they wife apparently go look for they and they find they campsite . the fire be still burn . the deer that they have hunt that be be in the process of be gut . it look like someone be still work there and camp there and all that . the man be no where to be find . they clothes be there . everything be there . Heather : but they never find they ? woman : they never find they there . cut to girl in diner girl : all my life I have believe in witch or ghost and stuff . Heather : but you believe there be some in this area ? girl : oh defiantly . cut to old man on street Heather : do you believe in witchcraft ? Old man : nope ! Heather : no ? Old man : no sir . Heather : be you a religious man ? Old man : yep . Heather : alrighty . back to woman with baby - put in other part woman : pretty creepy stuff . I believe there be something happen with she . Heather : do you think it 's possible that she be still up there now ? woman : I do not go up there . Heather : you do not go up there ? woman : yeah I believe enough to not go up there . ( laugh ) cut back to first man man : they say that the wood be all haunt up there and stuff like that . Heather : what do they say ? how be they haunt ? man : well there really be not many people that say it 's haunt , but there be this old woman by the name of Mary Brown . Heather : Mary Brown ? hmm . man : yeah and she be kinda crazy . Heather : how be she see by the community ? man : crazy . cut to in car drive towards trailer home Heather : that 's it , the american flag . Mary 's house . I be gonna grab she and bring she out . why do not you check around and see what the best light be . Heather confront Mary 's gate comprise of twig bound together with string Heather : this be Mary 's gate . I be not even sure how I pull this open . Heather lift one end and try to open gate Heather : okay . oh shit . I have make she gate fall apart . cut to Mary stand on she porch hold a bible Heather : Cause something interesting happen at one point in you life . you have a encounter with the Blair witch ? Mary : yes I um , that be really a kinda scary story . to kinda make end meet my dad and I would go fishing down by taping creek . you know that uuhm it 's in burkittsville . I be lie down on the leave , upon the leave , kinda watch the pool and look up at the sky . and all of the sudden it feel like somthin be near I . you know kinda a eerie feel . it be like a woman ! only on she arm and on she hand it be like a hair . it be real dark almost black hair . almost like a horse . Heather : like fur ? Mary : yeah like a fur , like a horse fur . and she arm , she have like a shawl , a wool shawl over she . Heather : and she scared you ? she threaten you ? Mary : and um ... she do not ' say anything , but she keep stare and then she open up she shawl . and under it there be hair on she body like a horse . Heather : so she be hairy from head to toe ? Mary : yeah and she leg . and you could see she be a female . Heather : how about she face ? Mary : just kinda like strange look . cut back to car josh : thank god she 's not in the film business . I mean can you imagine ... Heather : she think she be in the film business ! she also say she 's a ballerina . Mike : get out ! Heather : she say she 's a historian write a book on american History . Mike : I hear that . Heather : and she say she 's a scientist who do research at the department of energy . cut to later in car josh : I be check my depth of field chart to see how bad ... Heather : so you measure for meter ? what ? be not in Europe ! josh : yeah well the fuck lens have meter on it . Heather : it also have , it also have we system . josh : Nah , it have meter on it . Heather : this be a american camera though . josh : all that be meter . Heather : what about the brown one ? josh : the brown one be foot . Heather : yeah , the brown one be on there , eh ? josh : yeah , but the white one be obvious . Heather : I think you use this camera before man ? josh : I have use it like once before . cut to motel room Heather : how do you feel about today guy ? josh : I learn a lot . Heather : you learn a lot about Mary Brown ? josh : I learn a lot about like shoot . Heather : sixteen ? josh : just , just shoot out here . cut ahead crew be drink and feel good josh : ( cough ) Heather : be you all right ? Mike : be you gonna die ? josh : I be not gonna die paw ! Heather : the witch will kill yah out there . they toast each other Mike : we kick some ass today . josh : cheer . Heather : very good day . Mike : excellent day . Heather : very good first day . we be go to do a equipment check , and then I be gonna call my mom . Mike : okay , I have get a bag of utz and a beer . Mike and josh laugh Heather : so I guess you be cover then . Heather : can you just run it for a few foot for I so we can check that it 's okay ? josh : sure . josh pick up 16 - mm camera and start to shoot heather shoot he with vhs camera . Heather : we just want to hear it , so the mag be load properly so we can shoot some stuff . okay that 's good . that 's good thank you ! Heather : let 's just be relaxed because we have get a really , really long day tomorrow . today be cake compare to tomorrow . we be go to do a lot of hike , be go to have a lot of weight with we . josh : I be there . Mike : that 's what we be prepare for ! Heather : ( laugh ) all right , shut up yah smart - ass . Heather : poor I a shot please . josh motion bottle of scotch towards Heather . Mike : ohhh ! you can not do that . Heather : yes I can , at this point I fuckin have to do that all right ! Mike laugh Heather : do we have any weed ? cut to heather hold bottle of scotch Heather : here I go . ( take swig ) josh : drink ! drink ! Heather : ( make face ) I fuck hate scotch . josh laugh cut to next morning josh pack car Heather : there 's my son josh . josh : Kay . Heather : how be yah ? josh : I be hurtin . cut to Mike still get ready in motel room Mike : I be not ready for that thing yet , like , you know ? Heather : I , I know you do not like it . okay . Heather wave at herself in bathroom mirror Heather : hello . welcome to day two . cut to inside car drive along country road Heather : the trail should be somewhere along here , we should not miss it . it should be pretty obvious . cut to fisherman along creek Heather : you guy say you know something about the Blair witch ? fisherman 1 : oh I have hear the myth . I do not really believe much in it . Heather : the myth ? fisherman 1 : that 's all I think it be . fisherman 2 mumble something Heather : what do you say sir ? fisherman 2 : I say you damn fool kid will never learn . Heather : you damn fool kid will never learn . fisherman 1 : ehh shut up . Heather : what make you say that ? first of all can I have you permission to put you image on video for the purpose of the documentary entitle the Blair witch Project ? fisherman 2 : well I do not care much about that but uh . Heather : well you have to say yes or no sir . fisherman 2 : yeah sure that 's all right . fisherman 1 : uh , well some girl back in the late 1800' , Robin weaver I believe she name be . supposedly , wander off and disappear into the wood . fisherman 2 : ai not no supposedly about it ! she wonder off ! fisherman 1 swat at comment and roll eye fisherman 1 : okay so she wander off . fisherman 2 : and she get lose ! fisherman 1 : Three day later ... fisherman 2 : ( mumble ) supposedly .... fisherman 1 : ( stutter , glare over at fisherman 2 and try to continue story ) Three day later she just uh appear back on she grandmother ' porch . and everybody 's mystify by it . she be babbling ... fisherman 2 : and she have a tale to tell too . fisherman 1 : yeah she be babbling something about a old woman whose foot never touch the ground . fisherman 2 : I tell yah , I see right up there by that tree up the creek , about a hundred yard . a white misty thing that I can not tell what it be . Heather : Gray ? like gray vapour rise out of the tree ? fisherman 2 : wright out of the water ! Heather : right out of the water ? fisherman 2 : up the side of they tree and it disappear over they .... fisherman 1 : oh you’re full of it . fisherman 2 : anybody worth there salt around here know this area have be haunt by that old woman for year . cut to inside of car , josh sit on windshield filming while Mike drive and Heather videotape he ass . Heather : ( laugh ) oh we view be just ever so amazing . ( make goat like sound swivel camera up ) Mike : how 's the speed ? a little more ? josh : ( muffle ) yeah you can ! Heather : could you slide up so we get more of you ass -crack ? cut to what josh be shoot on 16 mm Mike : some serious wood around here . Heather : you excited ? Mike : you get it . Heather : I hope he 's not roll off the whole shot on this . how many foot be you shoot ? josh : ah , about twenty so far . Heather : oh okay good . slowly pass cabin along the road cut to Heather struggle to strap on she with equipment pack Mike : I could help you , but I would rather stand here and record . Heather : okay . cut to Heather have camera again Heather : pack be on be ready to go . Mike : we gotta go up to the shack ? the shanty ? Heather : yup . josh : wow . Heather back away , the car shrink in the distance . Heather : oh my god , scary . cut to the beginning of the hike Heather : on we way to coffin rock now , we be totally on track now . I know exactly where we be . we be a bit behind schedule and I be a bit concerned about loose light today . Mike : ready for another song ? ( sing ) we be down by the river ! Heather : ( laugh ) we be down by the river . cut to large ditch with small stream run through it Heather : so be crossing this ? yeah ? josh : yeah josh run and jump into ditch cut to Mike have camera josh : you wanna toss I the video camera man ? Heather : no I do not think we want to throw the video camera . josh : hey mikey throw I the video camera man . Heather : no ah Heather climb down into ditch Mike : I want to get she go across man . shot of Heather 's rear end Mike : I see a dirty behind ! cut to coffin rock , where rock jut out into the stream Heather : there it be . see ? cut to Heather on top of coffin rock . Heather : ( clack slate pick up " the Blair witch cult " book struggle to find she place and begin read ) Heather : they go into the wood prepare to find death , what they find be a desecration to humanity . at the site which trapper have often refereed to as coffin rock . on top of the rock formation , the story of the torture inflicted upon this brave five man unfold . each be bound to the other . each man hand bound to the next man foot , form a solid structure out of the man . blood at the edge of the hedge have indicate that this act have be commit while each be alive and able body enough to struggle . in the torso of each man the intestine have be tear out crudely . on each man sun bleach face be inscribe with indecipherable write cut into they flesh with a eerie precision . the man still entrance by the horror of what have happen , leave the scene to tell the sheriff what have happen and do not sketch the write and do not remove the body from the rock . upon return vulture be see at the rock , but upon inspection the body have be remove by person unknown . the search party claim that the stench of death be still thick . and who ever take the body have do so in a matter of hour . that happen here , at coffin rock . cut to Heather look at watch Heather : I feel really rush , cause I really want to get to camp and its 4:52 . we be go to be loose light soon . cut to what josh be shoot on 16 mm Heather : but I can always use the shot without I in it . because I record sound read the whole thing . I be sure I can edit it together somehow . Heather : it 's start to rain . cut to josh and Mike set up camp Heather : well I do not have a tent for three people . I be not usually travel with two man if you know what I be say . cut to Mike play with stick stick in the ground Heather : ... video camera , what a lie ! it 's poring rain right now ; we can not even get a fire go . Heather : show the kid at home what the stick be for ! Mike shift , lean tall and rest he arm on the stick Heather : look at that . cut to night inside tent josh : you get too much ass smell just ... Heather : okay , who would not let I have a cigarette in the tent but he 's aloud to fart as much as he want ? josh : I never give Mike any fart allowance . ( laugh ) cut to morning Heather : so you hear noise last night ? see the problem be I sleep like a fuck rock . josh : ( yawn ) there be two separate noise come from two layer of spacer over here . and one of they be like . one of they possibly could have be a owl , but the other one be like a cackle . Heather : no way . josh : it be a total cackle . Mike : if I hear a cackle I would have shit in my pants . cut to crew look at map , josh filming josh : where do we start out yesterday ? Heather : off the map . josh : off the map . Heather : Cause I know where we be go . though I know there be some confusion . josh : wait , wait say that again ? Heather : I say I know where we be go . josh : wait , would that be a full of shit statement ? josh point camera at Mike josh : would that be a full of shit statement ? Mike nod Heather : no I do know where we be go ! josh : all I be say be that you get we lose man . Heather : for a very brief amount of time ! josh : okay . Mike : just do not get we lose today . josh : yeah seriously . Heather : I be not ! I know where all this point be on the map . josh : so what 's up ? be you happy with the way the documentary be go ? Heather : yes I be . josh : yeah ? Heather : and I be very pleasantly surprised by we little mikey . Mike : you little mikey ? Heather laugh Heather : he 's a very spirite young man . josh : so what 's up , I mean what 's you take on the Blair witch at this point ? Heather : I do not know . josh : do you think she exist ? Heather : I do not know . cut to crew hike Mike : Heather I wish you would find the trail already . Heather : there be a trail on top of this hill ! do not worry ! it be a trail . Heather : we like short cut do not we ? Mike : we like level shortcut , we do not ' like mountainous short cut . cut to close up of Mike 's naked chest Heather : it 's a little warmer today . this be the first time we have see Mike 's chest . all right it 's really hard to pick up on video actually . Mike have really sporadic hair pattern on he chest . it 's like blank , hairy , blank hairy . Mike : you should see my ass ! josh : ( point to hair patch ) look ! look ! it 's fuck uruguay right there ! Heather : wow ! josh : there 's paraguay over here . Heather : look I think I see Bolivia ! cut to dead mouse on forest floor Heather : what kill this dead mouse ? witchcraft ? josh : how about god ? cut to heather squatting in the distance behind some tree josh : be that the Blair witch ? no , I think its Heather take piss . Heather : I really have to go ! josh : well then go ! cut to hike again Heather : we be hot on the cemetery trail . I can feel it . Mike mumble Heather : what ? Mike : say you . Heather : say I , of course . and we should be hit it in about ninety minute . you guy cool with that ? Mike : what ? Heather : 90 minute . can you hang ...? josh : as long as you know where be go . Heather : I know exactly where be go . cut to josh look at map Heather : I suppose it 's necessary to look at the map , even though I know where be go . and we be go straight ahead up there . Mike : if you know where be go we would not be hike like ... josh : be in the middle of the fuck wood . Heather : some of it be off trail hike ! Mike : because people tell you , oh yeah there 's a cemetery back there ! Mike : be lose . admit that first ! Heather : I know be not lose ! Mike : oh and you know that yesterday too , and you know that twice today ! Heather : look ! no! bullshit ! and we have not be lose at all today ! not once , I know where be go ! Mike : let I tell you what you tell we . " it 's like two hour away . " then it 's like , three hour , maybe four hour away . Heather : do you agree to do this project ? Mike : I do ! I agree to a scout out project ! I do not think we would be run around in the wood ... Heather : it be scout out ! Mike : I have get fifteen hundred dollar worth of equipment on I ! josh : guy ! guy ! it 's cool , it 's cool . please , you be a smart - ass and you be a smart -ass . be , be just look at the map use it the best we can . I can totally find this . this be here we be and we be go more or less this way . cut to Mike hold map josh : okay , what 's you call . where do you think we be go ? Mike : I will tell you the truth . this be like ; this be Greek to I . it 's useless . Heather : right . exactly . Mike : so I be put my ah trust in you that you know where it be . Heather : good . Mike : although I , I gotta tell you I do not fully trust you . and I .... ah I be not go to say it . Heather : what ? Mike : nothing , I do not understand why you have to have every conversation on video ? Heather : because I be make a documentary . Mike : not about we get lose ! we be make a documentary about a witch ! Heather : I have a camera . it do not hurt , because I be sure we will look back at this and laugh heartily . cut to josh crossing stream on fall log Mike : baby step man , baby step . Heather : just breathe and do not look down maybe ? no you gotta look down . Mike : you gonna have to crawl ? josh : I be go to crawl . Mike : cool . Heather : think about how fuck cool the cemetery be go to be when we get there . think of the joy of be in a really good film ! josh : please be quiet ! Heather : okay I be quiet . shit how be I go to do this ? josh finish crossing and stand up josh : okay , mikey ? Mike : yeah . josh : there 's no way you’re come across . you will have to get down on you belly . Mike : no way man . josh : there 's no chance . it 's too fuck hard . Heather : how be we go to get the dat across then ? josh : with the moss it 's slippery as shit . Heather : how will we get the dat across ? josh : I do not know , lemme get off here and get my pack off . Mike : I will just go back and forth . Heather : you want to go back and forth ? you can do it that way ? Mike : I do not want to do this at all . Heather : okay , well do it back and forth . loud crack josh : oh god ! Heather : oh shit ! what would you drop ! josh : I do not drop anything , the tree break . Mike : the log break . Heather : phew ! oh , fuck . cut to hike near cemetery Heather : we be very , very , very close now . you guy excited ? okay . Heather : what 's this ? Close up of tree with branch fill with rock and dead twig Heather : say , guy ? do you remember something that Mary Brown say the other day ? what be the story from the Bible she be tell we ? fuck I be not listen to she because I think she be a lunatic . Shots of pile of rock , " grave " and rock stack high up in tree branch Heather : see I do not know if this count . Three , four , five , six seven . cut to night around camp fire Heather : Witches in day go by where roast just like my Vienna sausage . flame be lick you like the devil they josh . josh : ( sing gilligand Island theme ) Heather : yeah , but this ship have a good captain , not a fat beer- guzzle captain . Mike : he be not beer guzzle . josh : there be no beer on the island man , if they have beer they would have have like , big ass orgy . ( all laugh ) Heather : you be kinda like the Captain and mike kinda like you gilligan . no offence , I mean that as a complement . gilligan be a funny guy . josh : but the Captain be fat . Heather : okay , let 's call it a thin Captain . Mike : let 's not call it the Captain anymore you illiterate tv people ! it 's the skipper . ( all laugh loudly ) cut back to cemetery at night Mike : here we be back at the rock again , rock thing , cemetery deal . cut to various rock pile sound of tumble rock Heather : ( gasp ) you do not just knock that over please tell I you do not just knock that over . that 's not very nice . all right , I be go to put it back . Heather place rock back on pile and blow they a kiss Heather : can not be too careful . cut ahead Heather : what would yah think ? josh : it be ... the same thing but darker . Heather : yeah pretty much . all right , bag it up put it away . cut to absolute darkness Heather : hello !? ( whisper ) shit the light . ( sound of stick break in the distance ) ( Heather breathes heavy ) Heather : we be sleep ... josh : do you want this ? Heather : just keep it by the open of the tent ! shhh ! cut to Heather crawl on hand and knee , then she motion josh to come forward with camera Heather : hello !? hello ! crack sound in the distance Heather : it 's all around we . I can not see shit ! cut back to tent , Mike inside tent Heather : Michael be you say you be not come down ? Mike : I be not go down there ! Heather : why not ? Mike : because I do not hear shit ! Heather : because you be fuck scared ! Mike : because I do not hear anything anymore ! Heather : because you be fuck scared ! you can not deny hearing it ! get you ass out ! what 's the big deal !? cut to next morning , josh in rain gear . josh : this rain fuck blow dude . Heather : I know and it 's raining very heavily . well ... josh : thank my mom for give I rain gear for my eighteenth birthday , yah know . Heather : ( shiver ) God bless she . what do you think that be last night ? josh : personally .... I think it be someone fuck with you head . Heather : but nobody know where out here . josh : yeah , but do you ever see deliverance ? cut to Mike Heather : do you understand at all where I be come from ? I just want to know that whoever it be ... Mike : you be freaking out . I do not even know .... Heather : I be freaking out . I wake up and all of the sudden shit go down , and all I can think be I gotta get it . I gotta get it all on ; all I wanna get it on sound get it on sixteen . if we can see anything I want to see it on sixteen . Mike : well , it sound to I like a bunch of people run around , and I be not down with mess with local or whatever . I dunno who the hell would come out here , but what bug I out be that we be so damn deep in the wood and people be go to come out here and try and mess with we , then they gotta have something wrong with they . and I be not gonna play with that . Heather : but how do we know it be people ? Mike : well even if it be not I be not gonna play with that either ! cut to crew hike back Heather : ( sigh ) fuck man , this be a really long day . very wet , very long day . nobody be really speak to I at the moment now . Mike : I do not remember a ... ( mumble ) Heather : what ? Mike : I do not remember a portion of this from walk in from the car . Heather : well , we have to go a little differently to go back because we go around in a curve a little bit . cut ahead Heather : I be tell you guy , two more hour max . josh : ( stop walk ) ( mumble ) why be go back a different way ? Heather : because we come a bit around . that be the most direct way to hit we two location , now this be the most direct way back to the car . Mike : seriously , really ? Heather : yeah ! seriously . Mike : you know exactly what 's go on ? Heather : yes ! just keep go . josh : yeah , well , will wait five minute till map check . Heather : all right . cut ahead Heather : all right we just do a map check and it seem be pretty much still on trail . josh : that 's not what I say . Heather : no , I think be all right . ( both josh then Mike look away in disgust ) Heather : we take a map read we just fallow what the compass say . we be go straight ahead , that way . that way . josh : be in the middle of nowhere ! Heather : we have be in the middle of nowhere for two day . the car be park in the middle of nowhere , almost . josh : so like look at this shit man , this be nothing ! Heather : okay , letus just keep go all right ? cut ahead Heather : I think we should camp . Mike : get the fuck out of here ! why ? because you do not know where we be go ? Heather : no , because I think be still a way off from the car and it 's go to be get dark real soon . look , I be not say for certain . Mike : we be not camp here ! get we home ! turn the camera off and get we home ! Heather : maybe we be near the car . maybe we be near the car ! josh : give I the fuck map ! give I the map . turn the camera off and give I the map . Mike : turn the camera off and get we home ! Heather : no , I be not turn the camera off . I wanna mark this occasion . josh : give I the map . Heather : the map be in my pocket you go to have to wait a second . Mike : goddamn ! Heather : if we keep we head together we will be just fine . Mike : that's fucking bullshit ! josh : Mike , chill . Heather : Mike ... Mike : don't fucking tell I to relax ! josh : let 's walk up , find a tree to sit under or some shit and check the map . Heather : yes , can we find a place to sit to check the map please ? cut to night , cut to darkness . josh : be you happy ? Heather : I be not happy , no . but the car 's not far ; we be just not go to be able to find it in the dark . Mike : be you positively sure ? Heather : yes . I be so sorry man . we can probably still get the dat back tomorrow . josh : I hope you’re fuck happy . Mike : we have too ! we have too ! Heather : we will , we will . we will get the dat back before its due back tomorrow . josh : I gotta fuck work . Heather : everything will get back . josh : I be suppose to be at work tomorrow at nine ! Heather : I know . josh : let 's camp ... let 's camp . let 's fuck camp . okay ? cut ahead , darkness . Heather : ( hush ) shh ... shhh ... I wanna get it ; I wanna get it from inside the tent . whatever it be last night , it sound like the same fuck thing . ( rustling outside tent ) ( tent flap be unzip ) Heather : where 's my boot ? oh , fuck it 's cold . ( turn camera light on ) Heather : hello !? oh shit , it 's fuck freezing . I hear it . Mike : I do not hear shit . ( rustling noise ) Heather : hear that ? shit ! hello ? ( josh with 16 mm swing back around to look at Heather stand at the tent ) ( cut back to Heather 's hi-8 ) Heather : awe fuck . ( shiver , shaking camera ) Mike : I think it 's just deer . Heather : it could be deer I guess . I do not think it 's deer though man . it sound exactly like that shit last night . it 's on all side of we . Mike : it sound just like a deer . josh : it be a deer man . Heather : I do not think it be a ... Mike : it be not like last night . Heather : shh ! shh ... ( bang in the distance ) Mike : do you hear ...? Heather : ( whisper ) yes ! Fucking listen ! let 's get it on dat , let 's get it on dat . Mike : okay , it 's on . ( rustling grow louder ) josh : Jesus Christ ! what the fuck be that ?! fuck ! ( sound continue ) Heather : it 's not scared by we yell . Heather : that sound like footstep . Mike : ( whisper ) I know ! that 's a fuck person ! Heather : Mike , I be not see shit on video . I be go to leave the rest for dat but I be go to stay out with you here though . Mike : you gotta fuck stay out here with I . Heather : I be . Mike : what time be it ? be it anytime near morning right now ? ( whisper ) please say it 's fuck five o'clock or some shit . Heather : it 's three . Mike : fuck ! this be bullshit ; this be absolutely fuck crazy . Heather : I be sorry Mike . we should be out of here already . Mike : I have nothing , nothing to do with this . I swear to god this be bullshit . cut to next morning Heather : we wake up this morning , just like two second ago , and there be pile of rock outside of we tent . there be three actually . josh : be you seriously fuck positive that that be not here when we set up camp last night ? Heather : I be seriously fuck positive that this be not here . how would we have just make a campsite between three pile of rock , just by coincidence ? you do not think this be strange ? josh : this be way fuck weird ! but it really do not matter at this point ! because all I want to do be get to the goddamn car . whatever it be , whatever it be man , at this point ... Heather : I know , I know . we have to get back to the car . josh : we be obviously not want here . so let 's just get the hell out . Heather : ( sounding as if about to loose it ) okay . we have to get the dat back any way . josh : I realize that . Heather : okay . josh : let 's get the dat back , let 's get the shit pack up and walk . Heather : right , we be out of here , we be out of here . josh : okay , cool . cut to crew pack up tent Heather : ( rambling ) we have to leave , let 's get we shit pack . josh : Heather put the fuck camera down ! let 's get this shit pack up and ... Heather : okay , hang on ! ( point camera at pile of rock ) josh : come on ! no , I be not fuck scared ! I be just tired , I be hungry . I be just fuck like do man . I be just fuck do . Heather : alright . cut to close up of Heather , josh hold camera Heather : do you take it ? ( feel inside pocket ) josh : I do not take the fuck map man . I be not play head game , if anyone 's play head game , you play head game , but I be not play head game . ( Heather rub face ) Heather : I do not have it , we have to go . I be serious . I do not have it . josh : be you fuck serious ? Heather : I be fuck serious , I do not have the map , okay . josh : Heather that be so uncool man . Heather : I know it 's not cool . josh : that be so uncool ! Heather : I know it 's not cool . josh : I mean that 's like the least responsible thing you could have possibly do man . Heather : I know that . Mike : ( sounding small ) you really do not have it ? Heather : one of you have get to have the map . josh : no , I do not have the map . we give it back to you after map check yesterday . you have always have the map . Heather : I know , and I have always have the map in the same place and if it 's not there one of you have to have take it ! josh : I be not go into you fuck pants to get you god damned map man ! Heather : I just check my pocket ! it 's not in my pants ! josh : look , would I go in and get you map ? all I wanna do be get out of here ! Heather : that 's all I want too man . josh : no ! you wanna stay here , you wanna look around , you wanna shoot rock , you wanna fuck get this , get that ! Heather : let 's go ! josh : which way be we fuck walk ? Heather : that way . josh : dude we be in the middle of the fuck wood ! we be in the middle of the goddamn wood ! we can walk any way ! Mike : we be go this way ! we be go this way because we have be go this way for a fuck day ! we have get to come across something ! Heather : I give you the map . josh : I give you back the map Heather ! Heather : I give you the map . josh : I give you back the map ! cut ahead josh : all I be say be that we can move as fast as we can but if we have no fuck clue where we be go , well then it really do not matter . do it ? Heather : we be follow the creek and Mike seem satisfied with that . Mike : ( in the distance ) would you guy stop it ! ( Marches on ) ( cut ahead to josh lay on he back and Heather plop down next to he hold camera ) Heather : ( sigh ) josh : we be lose , we be fuck , we be do , we be dead , we be fuck . ( begins to roll down embankment and stop when he run into a tree ) josh : I be just gonna stay here . you guy find somebody ; I will be under this tree with the vine . this be really fuck up . Heather : I know . Mike : yeah , we really , really need to work together . josh : seriously , the area be not that fuck big . Heather : exactly , it 's very hard to get lose in America this day , and it 's even harder to stay lose . so we have get that on we side . ( josh get up and walk toward camera ) Mike : well be do a pretty god damn good job at be lose ! ( cut ahead ) josh : Cause at this point , when you be not home today , when I be not home today people be go to start notice . like my girlfriend be definitely go to notice that I be not back today and that I have not fuck call . I mean if I have call it would be one thing , but you know , if I just get back . but if I do not get back period and I do not call she 's go to notice which mean that if by tonight we have not find shit , someone 's go to be look for we . ( cut ahead to stream , josh finish crossing on other side ) Heather : oh no . josh : do not come this way ! come another way ! go down there ! I just get my whole shit wet ! Mike : ( laugh deeply ) Heather : oh shit . well let 's try it this way . josh : I do not think you want to try it this way . I think you want to try it the other way . Heather : ( sigh ) if we do not have this fuck pack it would be so much easier . josh : there must be a ... Mike : ( jiggle with laughter ) Heather : be that Michael laugh ? Mike : ( double up laugh ) josh : shut the fuck up and cross the stream . Heather : he 's laugh !? Michael that be the first time I have hear you laugh in day ! ( cut to shot of Heather 's wet boot after crossing the stream ) ( josh and Mike laugh ) Heather : I be really happy you find it very amusing that I be go to be incredibly uncomfortable for the rest of the day . Mike : ( double up laugh ) josh : awww . dude , uncomfortable be not even . ( break into laughter ) Heather : can we keep go please ? Mike : ( laugh ) no be gonna chill out ! Heather : I think you want to get to the car ? Mike : hoooo ! boy ! josh : come one let 's get up there . ( Mike begin to climb embankment ) Heather : you guy be not lie to I about the map be you ? it just seem you guy be have just a little too much fun for my taste . Mike : be just go a little stir crazy . josh : Heather , Heather . if you make I yell at this point ... I be go to have to hit you . Mike : ( laugh ) Heather : come on , seriously , do you have the map ? I just want to know that you have it ! that would make I happy just to know that you have it . josh : Heather ... ( turn in disgust ) Heather : if I , if I know you have it and I can at least see it I would feel much better . josh : ( give Heather the finger as he walk away from she ) ( cut ahead ) josh : like all be try to do be be cool with you . Heather : well I find it very cool that I get laugh at because my shoe be wet for the wrest of the day ! it 's fuck hilarious ! ( josh and Mike bust out laugh ) josh : Heather , dude , all we shoe be wet . we be laugh at the situation . we be fuck hungry we be fuck tired . what the hell else be we suppose to do ? Mike : ( laugh ) you know what ? hahaha ! I kick the fu ... ha- ha ... I be sorry it 's fuck up , but ... I kick that fuck map haaa ! into the creek yesterday ! haaa ! it be useless ! I kick that fucker into the creek ! hahaha ! Mike : ( walk away laugh hysterically ) waaaahhhoooo ! Heather : I fuck hope he 's kid . Mike : waaaahooooo ! Holy Jesus ! josh : ( small ) Mike ? ( anger rise ) be you kid ? Heather : I really fuck hope he 's kid . josh : ( angrily ) Mike be you fuck kid !? ( josh and Heather move quickly towards Mike ) Mike : I be sorry . it be useless . Heather : you have gotta be fuck kid I ! you have got to be fucking kidding I ! josh : ( shove Mike hard ) what the fuck ! Mike : get the fuck off I man ! Heather : what the fuck ! be you out of you fucking mind ! Mike : no I am not out of my mind that map wasn't do shit for US ! Heather : do you realize ? not to you , but I know what the fuck that map say ! Heather : you be a fucking asshole ! Mike : I be sorry ! Heather : you be a fucking asshole ! Mike : that map be not do shit all day ! Heather : if we get hurt or if we die out here it's you fucking fault ! ( josh push Mike and they begin to grapple one another ) Mike : I will fuck punch you out ! I will fuck punch you out ! Heather : I can't belive you be such a fucking asshole ! what the fuck be you thinking ! ( Mike push josh away ) josh : ( point finger in Mike 's face ) you mess with my shit here ! Mike : ( fend off josh 's finger with forearm ) that map be useless ! that map be useless ! Heather : it be useless to you ! it be useless to you ! Mike : bullshit ! Heather : you ignorance have put we safety in danger ! ( sob ) ( cut ahead ) Heather ( calmer ) okay , okay . josh : this be not why I bring you out here man . Mike : I be sorry about the map , okay ? Heather : ( try to remain calm ) okay . Mike : what can I say ? Heather : sorry ? please just do not say sorry ! that map be not worth shit to you but I know exactly where we be on that map . Mike : ( point finger at Heather ) I just fuck ask you where Heather : I know exactly where we be on that map ! Mike : ( jabbing finger at Heather ) yesterday I ask you what fuck river we be at ! ( Mike try to hit and grab camera away from Heather ) Heather : don't you fucking touch my fucking camera ! you ! get off I ! it be you fault now ! it be you fucking fault ! -- think the follow be cut from the final edit - Mike : you wanna get hit !? you wanna get hit !? keep fuck punch I ! ( cut ahead ) Heather : give I the compass . you have betrayed we all beyond . Way fuck beyond . give I the compass . Mike : you betrayed we when you could not get we out of the wood last night . Heather : yeah . thanks . josh : can I hold the fuck compass ? Heather : no ! josh : can I hold the fuck compass ? Heather : no ! I buy the fuck compass . if you want a compass you should have buy you own . josh : I do not give a shit if you buy the compass ! you fuck we up ! he fuck we up ! I do not know why you can not admit that you have be screw since the moment we get out here ! Heather : I have not . josh : Heather give I the ... Heather : I have be plan this for two year ! josh : give I the compass . Heather , Heather . Heather : we be walk south ! now ! josh : give I the compass ! ( pushes Heather from behind ) Heather : you fuck asshole ! do not knock I down ! Cause I will fuck knock you out ! I be walk south ! fuck you both ! fuck you both ! josh : okay you fuck bitch ! Heather : okay , okay , I be a fuck bitch ! you friend throw the fuck map in the creek and I be a bitch ? okay ! oh fuckin Kay ! ( cut ahead , josh sit on the ground ) Heather : why be we stop again ? why ? ( sigh ) why be we stop ? josh : ( point at the sky ) Heather , just do not , just do not . Heather : do anybody have a reason why be stop ? that 's all I be ask you . what about the plan to keep go south ? we be all very happy with that plan . why be that not a ... thing anymore . ( under breath ) oh Jesus Christ . ( cut ahead , Heather hurry through wood ) Heather : ( panting ) I can not understand you ! Mike : ( in the distance ) there 's all sort of stuff down here ! Heather : what kind of stuff !? Mike : like twig and shit ! Heather : what ? Mike : they be all over ! look around you ! Heather : no way . ( cut ahead to clear ) Mike : they be all over the place . Holy shit ! ( shot of human look figure make from stick and twig bound together dangle from tree ) Heather : come up here quick I need to use the cp ! Mike : yo , there 's all sort of shit up here man ! Heather : ( reach up and touch a stick man ) this be fuck crazy shit . ( cut ahead ) Heather : please , I have get to get this on 16 ! ( Shots of numerous stick man , hang from tree on 16 mm ) josh : I have almost get shot of everything . Jesus Christ , that 's fuck creepy . Mike : please , this be no redneck no redneck be this creative . Heather : can we get out of here now ? josh : yeah , please ? ( shot of gigantic stick man ) oh Jesus Christ ! do you see this ? okay , I want to get as far away from here by dark as humanly possible . ( cut ahead ) josh : get you shit in you pack and let 's go ! that 's enough ! Mike : stop taping ! please stop taping ! josh : that 's enough ! Heather : okay , okay , okay be leave right now . ( continue to tape ) okay , be out of here , be out of here . I be leave . Mike : come on ! turn it off ! ( cut ahead ) Mike : help ! help ! please help US ! help US ! Heather : this be not the way to get out of here . Mike : help US ! fuck ! ( cut ahead ) Heather : I think it 's safe to say at this point that we’re lose . and I do not know what to do . ( cut ahead to tent open at night ) josh : I be get inside the tent . Heather : alright . Mike : let 's not light a fire tonight . Heather : yeah , I think ... Mike : Cause two night in a row we have light a fire . we do not light a fire the first night . Heather : and nothing happen . Mike : and nothing happen . we light fire , they know . I have not hear anything follow we . we should even turn that light off too . Heather : alright . ( turn off camera light ) josh : seriously , yeah turn that off . ( complete darkness ) Heather : okay , let 's just go to sleep . ( cut ahead ) ( in the pitch darkness ) ( sound of baby laugh ) Heather : ( whisper ) shit . ( the sound of people stir terrify inside a canvas tent ) Mike : ( whisper ) what the fuck be that ? Heather : okay let 's get ready . ( a few second of silence ) ( sound of a baby cry out in pain ) Mike : ( whisper ) oh Jesus Christ . ( crying to himself ) it sound like little kid , out in the wood . Heather : I be go to put jeans on . Mike : oh Jesus , oh Jesus . Heather : get the video camera . no , get the dat ready . Mike : how be we go to record this shit ? Heather : ( turn on camera light show crew huddle in tent , look blurry through the fogge up lens ) Heather : ( whisper ) what 's that sound ? ( shudder with fear ) ( sound grow louder and closer ) ( the tent begin to shudder and shake as if something be attack ) ( all scream in fear ) Mike : go! Fucking go ! ( they break free of the tent and bolt away ) Heather : oh god ! Mike : hurry up ! Heather : I be come ! my boot be not lace ! ( look over she shoulder back at the tent ) oh my GOD what the fuck be that ! what the fuck be that ! oh shit ! oh my god ! ( running and panting ) look where be we go !? ( gather together they crouch down in some thick weed ) Mike : ( whisper ) turn the light off ! turn that light off ! turn it off ! ( Heather look back towards the tent , with a look of pure terror on she face ) Mike : ( whisper ) all light off , all light off , all light off . ( heavy panting ) Mike : ( lose it & whisper ) what the fuck be go on ? that be more then last night , that be more then last night . I hear little baby scream . josh : shhhhh ! ( tremble ) there 's no fuck baby out there man ! there 's no fuck baby out there ; there 's no fuck baby out there . Heather : shhh ! Mike : Jesus Christ . oh my god it 's cold . Heather : please be quiet okay ? Mike : okay , okay . ( cut to dawn ) Heather : I do not hear anything anymore , I think we should go back . Mike : how long have we be here ? Heather : I do not know , maybe a couple of hour . the sun up be okay now . josh : let 's just get back , let 's pack shit up , let 's get out . Heather : okay . ( cut back at tent , thing scattered all around campsite ) josh : what the fuck man ? Heather : where 's my pack ? Mike : you pack right there . where 's my pack ? josh : what the fuck man ? why be we get fuck with like this ? they open it up . they spill all my fuck water ! Mike : that look like slime man . josh : that 's just water , man . ( bend over and feel " slime " ) ah that be slime . what the fuck be that ? dude . Mike : come on , let 's get the shit pack up and let 's get out of here . josh : come on Heather turn that thing off and let 's go . I be not ; I be not interested in anything anymore ! so turn it off ! Heather : I know . let 's relax for just a second . have we get everything here ? josh : like I give a shit ! Heather : whose shit be throw around ? who specifically ? josh : it be my shit ! Heather : why you ? Mike : oh shit , let 's go ! let 's go ! be you not scared enough ? Heather : yes I be scared enough and I do want to go , but it 's light now . we have a couple of minute . Mike : no we do not have a couple of minute ! Heather : let 's just see what happen here okay ! let 's just see what happen here ! Mike : we need to hike ! josh : put that camera down . this be not funny . Heather : do I look like I be laugh at all ? josh : no but you be go around do you documentary thing man . Mike : Heather . josh : you’re do you thing . Mike : Heather . ( Mike attack Heather attempt to take video camera ) Heather : do not fuck ! ( camera flail wildly ) Mike : turn this fuck thing off ! if you bite I fuck one more time I be gonna ! ( Mike let go and move away ) Heather : if you touch my camera one more time I will bite you finger off ! Mike : turn it off ! ( cut ahead , Mike look sorry ) Mike : I be sorry . Heather : I do not mean it . okay ? Mike : be you all right ? Heather : I be fine . I want to go home but it 's important that we get what we can . ( cut ahead , crossing another log ) Heather : what the fuck ? be this possible ? okay , all right . I hate crossing stream on log . if I never cross another stream on a log for the rest of my life , I will die a happy girl . ( cut to josh filming with video camera ) Mike : ( give camera the finger ) josh : I see why you like this video camera so much . Heather : you do ? josh : it 's not quite reality . Mike : reality say we have gotta moooove . josh : no but its totally like filter reality man . it 's like you can pretend everything be not quite the way it be . ( cut ahead , josh sit alone in the distance ) Mike : ( whisper ) just leave he alone . Heather : we need to go . Mike . Mike : just give he like five minute . just leave he alone . he 's lose it . Heather : we be all on the brink of lose it . Mike : ( whisper ) I know that . we have all get to take care of each other . Heather : ( whisper ) I know . Mike : ( whisper ) you can not really take care of he if you throw a camera in he face while he 's cry . Heather : I know . Mike : I know you know that , and I know we be both about to loose it but let 's try to get the last wit we have . Heather : we have to go . Mike : understand I know we have to go . believe I I know we have to go . Heather : it be hard for all we to hold it together . we need to get out of here in one piece and this be not help ! Mike : I know it 's not . just let he have he ... josh : ( in the distance ) anybody have a cigarette ? Mike : no man . Heather : no , there 's none leave . josh : we do not have any cigarettes ? Heather : we be out . josh : ( voice crack ) why the fuck ? what the fuck be this blue jelly shit all over my shit ? Heather : let 's go . if we keep go south we will get out . please . ( cut to josh down on he knee ) josh : ( whisper something unintelligible ) Heather : josh , none of we do . josh : I know . Mike : what ever it be , be go to come back . we know that for a fact . Heather : we do not know that for a fact . Mike : well it come three night in a row . it 's be get worse every night . Heather : I would love to hear this right now , I really would , but we ... josh : can we please go ? Mike : I be just try to say you know we have to rationally say , they might go on forever compare to we footstep . Heather : not , not possible . not possible in this country . not possible . josh : why be it not possible ? Heather : because this be America . we have destroy most of we natural resource . Mike : ( begin to sing ) America , America . GOD save you grace on thee ! ( cut to hike ) josh and Mike : ( sing national anthem ) the twilight 's last gleam . Heather : okay , I do not want to be a humourless pain in the ass , but this I do not fuck understand . ( cut ahead ) Mike : yo that 's the stream we cross ! josh : that 's further down . that 's the same one ! Mike : oh god ! you have get to be kid I ! this be a joke ! this be not funny ! Heather : ( begin to cry ) no . Mike just please stop . please stop . Mike : ohhh nooo . Heather : it 's not the same log . it 's not the same log Mike ! Mike : it 's the same one ! Heather : look it 's not ! Mike : it be ! open you eye ! Heather : it 's not the same log . ( begins to sob ) it 's not . it 's not the same log . Mike and josh : fuck ! Heather : ( collapse cry next to log ) it 's the same log . it 's the same . Mike : fuck you God ! Heather : ( sob and rock back and forth ) it 's okay . it 's okay . it 's okay . ( cut ahead ) Heather : where do you want to go today to camp ? I guess south do not work today so tomorrow we will go east . I do not know what to say josh . josh : how the fuck do we walk south and end up at the same place ? Heather : we walk south all day ! we walk south all fuck day ! I do not know how we end up here . ( cut ahead , josh filming Heather with video camera ) Heather : do you expect I to do something or say something ? what do you want to do josh ? josh ? josh : I wanna make movie Heather . be not that what we be here to do ? let 's make some movie . Heather : fuck you . really . fuck you . fuck you . Mike : please let 's not fight . come on I can not . I can not listen to fight . I can not fight . we be screw and that 's it . please stop fight . I will do the first watch . I get first watch . josh : ( to Heather ) come on you can do better then that . Mike : come on guy we have thing to prepare for here . josh : okay here 's you motivation ! you be lose , you be angry in the wood ! there 's no one here to help you ! there 's a fuck witch and she keep leave shit outside you door ! there 's no one here to help you ! she leave little trinket ; you fuck take one of they ! she run after we ! there 's no one here to help you ! Mike : josh ! josh : we walk for 15 hour today , we end up in the same place ! there 's no one here to help you ! that 's you motivation ! Heather : ( begin to cry ) stop , please stop . Mike : josh ! josh : that 's you motivation ! Heather : please stop . Mike : josh , just quit it . I have have enough . Heather : please stop . Mike : come on man , you get she back . good one . josh : she 's still make movie here man ! that 's my point ! this be my point here ! Heather : it 's all I fuck have leave ! okay ? just please stop . please stop . just please stop yell at I okay ? please . Mike : I be fuck tired of cry all day here . we have to think like human being we have thing to prepare for , we have gotta make shift . we have get lot to do . josh : be you go to write we a happy end Heather ? Heather : ( break down and weep then walk away ) Mike : come on man , turn it off . you be get like she be . come on man turn it off . ( cut ahead , inside of tent light only by flashlight , Heather mend hole in gear ) Heather : we need the smallest comfort we can get . josh : do not it just seem absurd though , at this point . Mike : yes it do . Heather : ( mumble with flashlight in mouth ) Mike : like sleep pretty much where we be sleep last night . josh : that 's just fuck I up . period . that 's just fuck up man . ( look directly into camera , look lose ) josh : I be sorry I yell at you . I be sorry . Heather : it 's okay . Mike : who want a cheeseburger ? Heather : ( with flashlight in mouth ) I do ! I do ! Mike : well I have get a cheeseburger in my back pocket . Heather : do you ? ( all laugh slightly ) josh : you know what I would fuck love ? Heather : what . josh : mashed potato . my mom mashed potato . my mom mashed potato and a piece of ass . ( cut to next morning , Heather outside of tent ) Heather : josh ! josh ! fuck , Mike we never go out of earshot ! Mike : come on , calm down . Heather : how can I calm down ? josh ! josh ! Mike : he 's probably at the river or something . Heather : if he be at the river he could hear I from here . Mike : josh ! Heather : josh ! Mike : shhh . you gotta wait for he reply . he will come back . Heather : josh ! Mike : Heather ... Heather : do you remember what he say yesterday ? about , about this shit on he back . about how ... josh ! Mike : we do not even , we do not even get waken up last night . nothing even come to the tent last night . last night be a good night . there 's no way ... he , he just , he just , he 's just go for a walk . Heather : josh if you fuck with I , I swear to God I be gonna kill you ! Mike : let 's go , we gotta find he ! come on ! Heather : we can not even find the car ! ( crying ) how the fuck be we go to find josh ? no , no , no , I be fine . Mike : come on . relax , he 's just . he 's around he just go out of ear shot . I dunno . he just go out of earshot . that 's all . all right ? we will relax , we will break down the tent and when he 's back we will be ready to go . all right ? Heather : I be loose my mind Mike . ( cut ahead to Heather sit alone talk to camera ) Heather : josh have not come back yet . Mike : ( in the distance ) Heather ! Heather : I be over here Mike ! Mike : okay . Heather : I do not know if josh run off . I do not . all he shit 's here . ( cut back to tent ) Heather : I have get the camera . I do not know how the fuck I be gonna hike with that camera , but . Mike : we should leave the camera . Heather : we have gotta take the camera . ( cut ahead ) Heather : how do you feel about east ? Mike : how do you feel about east ? Heather : well south do not work . Mike : which wick witch be worst , the wick witch of the East or the wick witch of the West ? Heather : the wick witch of the West be the bad one . Mike : let 's go east then . ( cut ahead ) ( sound of stick break in the distance , both turn towards it ) Heather : what be that ? Mike : josh ? josh ! ( cut to end of day , Mike and Heather put up tent ) Heather : we be go to put up the tent now . ( cut ahead ) Mike : I be go to have a meatball . Heather : just one meatball ? Mike : and a long , red glass of wine . Heather : yeah , I would defiantly have the whole fuck bottle of bordello . Mike : a pack of smoke . Heather : smoke would be good . a long hot bath . Mike : pumpkin pie . Heather : a big pumpkin pie with ice cream , warm with melty ice cream . Mike : yeah that sound good . what 's you favourite thing to do on a Sunday ? Heather : um , it use to be , drive to the wood and go hike . Mike : ( laugh ) Heather : but , um . Mike : I think that 's scratch off . Heather : I think that might change now . ( cut ahead to darkness ) ( Voice that sound like josh moan off in the distance ) Heather : should we yell for he ? be it a trick ? josh 's voice : ( cry of pain and fear in the distance ) Heather : josh ? ( unzip tent ) Mike : josh ! ( silence ) josh ! ( silence ) Mike : where 's it come from ? josh 's voice : ( bleat moan ) Mike : josh ! josh where be you ? tell I where you be ! josh 's voice : ( closer and louder cry 's of pain ) Heather : ( muffle ) oh my god . no. Mike : fuck . do you think that 's they fuck with we ? Heather : josh ? be it over here ? Mike : no it 's over here . Mike : josh ! ( breath from the cold mist in the camera view ) Mike : well look for he ! Heather : ( begin to cry uncontrollable ) Mike : ( voice crack ) I do not know if it 's really he , I do not know if it 's really he . Heather : josh ! ( sob ) I do not even know where to look . Mike : ( cry ) tell I where you be josh ! ( cut ahead ) Heather : Mike , please do not fall asleep . Mike : I can not fall asleep . Heather : whatever it be , it know that josh be go . Mike : if that be josh he would have say where he be . Heather : ( mumble , not sure about this line ? ) good night ... ( something ) ( cut to next morning ) Heather : I just want to show that Mike be here . he 's sleep . ( pull sleep bag off of mike face , then step out of tent ) ( a bundle of stick and twig bound together by what look to be strip of josh 's flannel shirt confront Heather ) Heather : oh shit . what the hell be it ? Mike . Mike : what ? Heather : there 's something out here . Mike : what be it ? ( Heather get close with camera and examine bundle ) Heather : ( gasp ) okay , okay . okay I be just go to move it from the front of the tent . okay ? I be take it away ; I be take it away from the front of the tent . I be throw it . ( throw it over log ) okay . Mike : ( sit alone and rock back and forth ) we will just keep walk . okay ? Heather : ( cry ) okay . Mike : we will keep walk . I find some cigarettes . I find they all the way at the bottom of my bag . we be still alive ; we be still smoking . ( Heather set camera up and walk over to comfort Mike . they share a cigarette ) ( cut ahead , Heather go back to where she have toss the bundle of stick ) ( Heather examine bundle more closely and begin to untie strip of josh 's shirt ) Heather : it 's all full of blood . ( gasp , scream , then begin to cry at what be bound inside the shirt , bloody clump of hair and what appear to be gory tooth . she quickly begin to hyperventilate and loose control but continue to examine the gore with she camera ) ( pants ) shit. ( turn away ) oh god . ( cut to Heather by stream , wash she hand profusely ) Heather : okay , okay . see ? ( show clean hand to camera ) Mike : ( in the distance ) Heather ! Heather : yeah ? Mike : what be you do ? Heather : I be okay , I be just wash my hand off . Mike : what ? Heather : just wash my hand off . ( cut ahead back at tent , Mike use camera ) Heather : ( look very freak ) I be gonna put my glove on . I be gonna put my glove on . I be gonna put my glove on my hand . Mike : you all right ? Heather : I be fine , I be fine . ( cut ahead , Heather try to lift she pack on ) Mike : you need help ? Heather : nope . nope . I do not need any help . I be okay . Mike : what happen ? Heather : nothing . nothing happen . I be just very hungry and I be very tired and I be very scared and I just want to go home okay ? Mike : okay . Heather : but I be fine and we be both okay . oww , my hair 's catch . ( Mike help get she hair unsnagge from she pack ) Heather : thank you . okay . ( cut to hiking ) ( Heather stop , look around , look at compass then begin to hike again ) ( cut to Mike rock and look exhaust ) ( cut to hike ) Mike : 2130 game . one more season and Cal ripkin be king ! Cal ripkin be king ! and I will not get to see it ! Cause I will be in the wood ! ( cut to Mike sit by stream hold a leaf ) Mike : ( put leaf in mouth , tear a chunk off and begin to chew ) Heather : tell I you’re not eat a dry leaf . ( laugh ) ( cut to night , Heather look into camera ) ( the confessional ) Heather : I just want to apologize to Mike 's mom and josh 's mom and my mom and I be sorry to everyone . I be very naive . ( look away from camera scared ) I be very naive and very stupid and I should not have put other people in danger for something that be all about I and my selfish motive . I be so sorry for everything that have happen because in spite of what Mike say now it be my fault . because it be my project and I insisted on everything . I insisted we be not lose . I insisted we keep go . I insisted we walk south . everything have to be my way and this be where we have end up . and it 's all because of I be here now hungry and cold and hunt . I love you mom and dad . I be so sorry . it be never my intention to hurt any one and I hope that 's clear . ( begins to hyperventilate as mucus stream from she nostril ) I be so scared . what be that ? I be scared to close my eye and I be scared to open they . I be go to die out here . every night we just wait for they to come . ( break down and sob ) ( cut ahead to Heather and gather gear in the darkness to confront the cry of josh out in the wood ) josh 's Voice : somebody ! Mike : oh Jesus Christ . Mike : ready ? josh 's Voice : somebody ! Mike : okay . that can not be he . ( Heather carry 16 mm and Mike with hi-8 video camera , begin to walk towards sound ) josh 's Voice : someone I need help please ! please help I god ! Mike : Holy shit it 's a house . watch you step . ( a ancient abandon house loom over they ) Heather : Mike . ( Mike be eager to explore ) Heather : josh ? ( cut to inside of house , mike view through video camera ; house be in extreme state of decay , crumble plaster no window or door wall knock out ) Heather : Mike ? Mike ! Mike ! Mike : come on ! Heather : Mike where be you ? Mike : come on , I be in the house . Heather : Mike do not ... josh 's voice : ( muffle ) please help ! ( cut to Heather 's view with 16 mm ) Heather : Mike ? Mike ? Mike please . josh 's Voice : ( muffle cry ) Heather : Mike please . Mike where be you ? Mike : I be right here ! where be he ? Heather : Mike do not leave I ! Heather : be he in here ? Mike : no. ( whisper ) oh shit . josh 's Voice : ( muffle ) no! God ! Mike : ( whisper ) oh Jesus . ( arrive at a set of dishevel set of stair ) I hear he . ( begins to run up stair ) I hear he . I hear you ! where ? I be go up stair ! ( begins to climb second flight , there be child size bloody hand print and strange occult symbol along the wall ) ( cut to Heather 's 16 mm footage on same set of stair ) josh 's Voice : ( muffle ) overhmm ! Mike : do you hear that ? do you hear that ? ( cut to Mike camera look back at Heather just as she confront the hand print ) Mike : where be he ? josh 's Voice : ( unintelligible cry and moan ) ( cut back to Heather 's footage , hyperventilate at this point ) Mike : where be you !? come on ! josh ? I be get down stair ! come on ! I hear he down stair ! come on ! ( begins to run down stair ) Heather : ( so scared she can hardly scream ) mmmm ! Mike ! Mike : come on ! josh ! Heather : mike ! ( Mike arrive at the cellar step , more occult writings along the wall ) Mike : josh ? josh !? josh be that you down there !? Heather : ( in the distance and at the top of she lung ) mike ! mike ! ( Mike descend into the basement , Heather continue to scream ) Mike : oh god . . josh ? ( grunt ) ( camera be knock to the ground . it auto focus on the cellar gravel ) ( cut to Heather , just now reach the cellar entrance ) Heather : mike ! mike ! mike ! mike ! ( scream ) mike ! ieee ! Mike . ( reaches bottom of the cellar step ) ( round a protrude wall ) ( Mike be stand face the far corner ) Heather : mike ! mike ! ieee ! iee ! hhuh ! ( 16 mm drop on its side and film jitter ) ( no sound ) eof . credit : stare : Heather donahue , Michael Williams , joshua Leonard production designer : Ben rock Art director : ricardo R. moreno director of photography : Neal frederick Music : tony cora executive Producers : Bob eick and Kevin foxe co- producer : Michael monello Producers : Gregg hale and Robin cowie written , directed and edited by Daniel myrick & eduardo sanchez ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentnode.insertbefore ( a , m ) } ) ( window , document , ' script ' , '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua-67290913 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ;