bh og the death ' of y stalin . rey element a true story ... soviet style ! director / armando iannucci 4 oscar nomination winner of 2 emmy award 2 BAFTA 3 british comedy award .. producer / nicolas duval -adassovsky laurent zeitoun yann zenou quad main journey budget / $ 12.500.000 principal photography JUNE 20 % synopsis on the night of 2 nd MARCH 1953 , a man be dying . a terrible stroke be wracking he entire body . he be drooling . he be pissing himself . he be about to kick the bucket and if you play you card right , he job be yours for the taking . the man be joseph stalin - dictator , tyrant , butcher , as well as secretary general of the ussr . the death of stalin be a satire about the day before the funeral of the nation' father . day that shine a sardonic light on all the madness , depravity and inhumanity of totalitarianism day that will see the men surrounding he fight to inherit he supreme power . and it's all base on true event . adapted from the french graphic novel by fabien nury & thierry robin cd 7 nme nelda friend adrian mcloughlin armanto iannucci the master of political satire E > '' 2 BAFTA nomination .| including best screenplay 1 academy award nomination - best writing one of the sharpest satire in year - the new york DAILY news in the loop be certainly the smartest and funniest movie inspire by the iraq war - new york post the language be brilliant , and the laugh line come so quickly that you'd probably have to watch the movie twice to get they all - san francisco chronicle while in the loop be a highly disciplined inquiry into a very serious subject , it be also , line by filthy line , scene by chaotic scene , by far the funniest big - screen satire in recent memory - new york time armanto iannucci the master of political satire a 8 emmy award '' including outstanding es comedy series een 4 golden globe nomination including best tv series the show's from the brain of armando iannucct , the smartest person making tv that you 've never heard of - new york post vicious political comedy be best post -'seinfeld 's role for julia louis - dreyfus , tap armando iannucct' genius the hollywood reporter with such brilliant writing , direction and performance , who could vote against veep ? - the independant tt remains one of the smartest deadpan comedies on tv the new york DAILY news armando iannuci be also the man who create alan partridge's character with steve coogan [ a ] masterful comic creation - the telegraph alan extremely funny - the gardian partridge ruddy hilarious - emprre the death of stalin adapted from the graphic novel by fabien nury & thierry robin written by armando iannucci & David schneider 20 May 2016 production draft ( version 10 ) registered Office : production Office : death of stalin the Film Ltd death of stalin the Film Ltd c/ of free Range film ealing studios 5 percy Street 18 % floor , Centre block London w1t 1dg ealing Green , London w5 5 ep int . concert hall —- auditorium - night 1 a chamber orchestra be perform mozart 's piano concerto no. 23 ( 2nd movement ) , feature soloist , maria yudina . int . concert hall - director' office - night 2 a small room look into the hall . the programme director , andreyev ( 45 ) lean back in he chair . eye close , he '' conduct '' the music with a cheap fountain pen . a technician , sergei , keep a eye on dial and button . there 's a clock and a portrait of stalin on the wall . the phone ring . grudgingly , andreyev answer . andreyev ( snappy ) Radio Moscow . director andreyev . what be it ? he suddenly tense , gesture at the technician to turn down the music . sergei watch he , munch on a apple . andreyev ( cont 'd ) 17 minute ?..... he grope manically for a piece of paper . andreyev ( cont 'd ) 5.. eleeeee the pen do not work . he shake it - no good . andreyev ( cont 'd ) ( he 's not ) .- yes , I be write it down .. he smack the apple out of sergei 's hand and get he to hand over a pencil . andreyev ( cont 'd ) -- 9 ?.. be it a 9 , like ' fine ' or a 5 like .... ( gesture to sergei ) sergei --hive ? andreyev hello ?... hello ? they have go . he hang up . he 's in a state . sergei who be it ? 20 May 2016 draft 10 2 . andreyev the secretariat of the ... General secretariat . the General secretariat 's .. the General Secretary 's secretaria ... sergeil ( interrupt ) .-- stalin ?! sergei turn away . he 's not get involved . andreyev I be to ring back in exactly 17 minute . 17 minute from the start or the end ? how long do I talk for ? how long ? int . concert hall —- auditorium - night 3 some of the audience be lose in the music . a nervous man glance at a nkvd guard look at he . try to hide he panic , the nervous man look away then back to the guard ... who wave coyly . a woman sit next to he wave back . the nervous man heave a sigh of relief . int . stalin' dacha - office / dine room - night 4 we're on a large portrait of stalin : handsome , strong , sleek dark hair . we pan down to see the real stalin - frail , old , grey hair - at he desk . his frail finger search through list of name as the mozart concerto play on he radio . humble decor : a few chair , a desk , a small bed . a short , stocky man with cold eye behind a set of pince - nez stand on the other side of the desk . this be beria . beria I put shteyman on the list . the writer . I know you like he stuff , but ... stalin think for a moment , then shake he head . stalin no. keep he on . beria ( point at the next name ) shteyman 2 , he wife . stalin give a tiny shrug meaning ' yes . 's 20 May 2016 draft 10 3 . beria ( cont 'd ) and shteyman 3 . his brother . stalin on . better to be sure . Beyond beria , through a doorway , a bulky , bald middle - age man - khrushchev , 59 - be entertaining two other bulky man : malenkov - 57 , - and molotov - 70 . khrushchev be miming a amusing war incident ; people ina panic not know what to do with a live grenade . khrushchev .- they be all jump around like drunken whore .. int . concert hall - auditorium / director' office - night 5 from the auditorium , we see the window of the director 's office with the figure of andreyev pace in frustration . int . stalin' dacha - office / dine room - night 6 khrushchev be miming a man with a grenade in he mouth . khrushchev he have this look like : ( muffle ) ' there 's a grenade in my mouth ' . stalin sign the list and hand they to beria . beria I will have this dispatch . int . concert hall - director' office - night 7 andreyev stare at the clock . time have pass ; the music have move on to a new movement . andreyev '' it be the great honour ...’ ( he bow ) he can not see I bow , idiot . sergei er , comrade director ? it 's 10.27 . andreyev rush for the phone , bang he hip painfully on the table . he grab the phone and dial . the music finish and we hear applause . he gesture frantically to the technician to turn the loudspeaker off . someone answer the phone . 20 May 2016 draft 10 4 . andreyev hello ?... yes . int . stalin' dacha - office - night 8 stalin be on the phone , with the applause play on the radio and the other laugh drunkenly in the other room . stalin this be stalin . in the background , khrushchev be continue he story . khrushchev so I say '' you will have to enunciate '' . then - he mime the grenade go off , to uproarious laughter . int . concert hall - director' office - night 9 the applause be loud . andreyev rush to a cupboard . andreyev ( stammer ) comrade ... General ... how be thing ? sorry ... hold on ... he get in the cupboard . the phone cord only just reach . andreyev ( cont 'd ) sorry again ... int . stalin' dacha - office - night 10 stalin ( interrupt ) I want a recording of tonight 's performance . I will send someone to pick it up . stalin hang up . he notice that one sheet of the list of name have be leave behind . beria come back in . beria ( pick up sheet ) ah . do not want they to miss the party , do we ? he head back out . 20 May 2016 draft 10 5 . ext . stalin' dacha - front of build - night 11 beria divide the list between some senior nkvd officer , include delov . beria ( point to the list ) shoot she before he but make sure he see it . and this one . kill he , take he to he church , dump he in the pulpit . he 's pleased with the idea . he head back to the dacha . int . concert hall - director 's office / corridor - night 12 some musician sweep into the director 's office , other be at the entrance out into the corridor . musician 1 .-- she say '' I only wear they at the weekend '' ! laughter . surprise as andreyev step out of the cupboard . andreyev be the concerto record ? be it record ?! say '' yes '' to I . sergei um ... no . andreyev can barely breathe . andreyev stop they leave ! int . concert hall - hallway - night 13 andreyev storm along corridor and down some stair . andreyev break they leg . not that , but anything else . int . concert hall - foyer - night 14 andreyev reach the foyer and fight against the flow crowd and in to the hall be some musician be pack up . andreyev encore ! encore the whole bloody thing ! do not test I , you fuck idiot . sorry . you be very talented . but please go back on . 20 May 2016 draft 10 6 . int . concert hall —- auditorium - night 15 the audience be leave , among they the nervous man . he 's keep he eye on the nkvd man by the exit . andreyev rush to the stage , and bang a cymbal with a flute , knock aside music stand to get to the front . andreyev ( to Security ) lock the door ! lock the door ! ( to everyone else ) do not worry , no - one be go to get kill . but I do need you to stay ! everyone - musician , audience - look at he . the nervous man be sweat , terrify . Security guard block the door . the nkvd man remain inside . int . stalin' dacha - dine room - night 16 a sparsely furnish dining room after a long night of drink and eat . stalin be just sit down at one end , fill he pipe with crumble cigarette tobacco . malenkov top up everyone 's glass . khrushchev you know , you put someone 's little finger in a glass of water when they be asleep ? they wet themselves . stalin what next ? place a bar of chocolate in they pocket , they 's 1l shit they pants ? khrushchev it 's biology , chief . we do it to polnikov in stalingrad . beria join they , pick up a tomato from the table . beria potato do he war storey again ? ( look at he watch , then to molotov ) well before midnight . pay up . molotov get out some cash . they have clearly have a bet . molotov you be bankrupt I , nikita . this be a capitalist conspiracy . 20 May 2016 draft 10 7 . malenkov what become of that old dog polnikov ? stalin you want to know where fuck polnikov be ? you want to go there ? malenkov know he should not have ask . beria put he arm round khrushchev . beria I love that grenade story . oh , be there one in you pocket ? khrushchev pull a squash tomato from he pocket . beria and the other laugh . stalin too . khrushchev ( laugh , camp it up ) I die for the motherland ! music : dramatic orchestral . under the music , everything slow down . in slow motion , we see khrushchev and beria laugh at each other , like two bray animal . khrushchev try to wipe he hand on beria 's jacket , generate more laughter . we can just hear , at a quarter of the speed , beria and khrushchev call each other ' potato ' and ' tomato ' but it sound like grunt . we see under beria , the caption " lavrenti beria . head of Security force " . and under khrushchev , he caption : " nikita khrushchev , in charge of agricultural Reform " . music out - back to normal speed . malenkov take another tomato from the table , desperate to be in on the joke . malenkov take this , you bastard ! he mime pull a grenade pin from it with he tooth . now do not know where to take the joke . put the tomato down . malenkov ( cont ’d ) anyway ... better get back to ... stalin time for a cowboy movie . who 's in my posse ? everyone try to look excited . 20 May 2016 draft 10 8. khrushchev oh good , it 's stagecoach again . molotov yee -hah ! int . concert hall - auditorium - night 17 the orchestra be on stage . half the audience remain . Security guard be at each door . andreyev at the front of the stage . Maria be nearby at the piano . sergei half the audience have go . the acoustic will be very dry . andreyev pull people in off the street ! fat one , so we will not need so many ! musician 1 , the orchestra 's joker , assert himself . musician 1 I could call my wife ? she would ... ( indicate '' fat '' ) .-. " dampen the acoustic '' . laughter . andreyev turn to the audience , try to smile . andreyev comrade ! a trumpeter play a quick fanfare , prompt laughter . andreyev ( cont 'd ) comrade , shut up ! I have great news ! wonderful news . musician 1 ( to andreyev ) be you pregnant ? the trumpeter parp . more laughter . andreyev comrade stalin ... ( shoot a look ) ..- love tonight 's concerto and would like a recording of it right away which we do not have for some reason and trust I we will look into why that happen , but meanwhile ... the concerto we just play will be play by we again ... now. please . we will record it and applaud it . 18 19 20 21 20 May 2016 draft 10 9 . no smile now . some of the musician start clap , then the audience , security guard , a very relieved nervous man , everyone . it 's a huge stand ovation , though you can just make out someone dry-heave . when it die we hear Maria ... maria I be not go to do it . musician 1 you cow hole bitch . CUT to : ext . moscow street / int . car - night 18 the car from stalin 's dacha fan out from the main car and off on different route across the city . we see the list from the dacha in the hand of delove . we stay with one car as it pass several black military - style truck and van . nkvd man in the truck . CUT to : ext . moscow street - night 19 Black marias pull up . nkvd man and delove get out and start fan out towards the apartment block . ext . apartment block - night 20 Pan across window . despite terrible noise from below , not one light go on . we think we see a slight stir in the dark at one window . int . concert hall - auditorium / director' office - night 21 andreyev hurry Maria up the concert hall and into he office . the conductor follow they in . through the office window , we can see the orchestra and audience watch . andreyev you , Joan of Arc , you want to get kill ? maria oh , like my father '' get kill '' ? my brother ? like that ? he sit she down in a chair . 20 May 2016 draft 10 10 . andreyev you want a family reunion in the mortuary ?! the conductor be in the background look unwell . maria I will not do it . you can not force I . andreyev ( to the conductor ) should we get another pianist ? conductor no , that 's ridiculous . the sound would be entirely different . even stalin could ... maria '' even '' . conductor ( freeze in fear ) no ... I mean ... maria even stalin ? be this office bugge ? andreyev ( try to help out ) of course comrade stalin will be able to tell the difference . he 's a great man , with a great ear for music . conductor two great ear . andreyev the two great ear in the Soviet Union . andreyev come close to Maria , take she hand , plead . andreyev ( cont 'd ) Maria viniaminovna ... maria ( of she finger ) do not crush the little worker . he let go . andreyev you have to play . 22 20 May 2016 draft 10 11 . conductor ( to the unseen bug ) I do not mean what I say ... maria ( to conductor ) so you say it then . ( to andreyev ) as God be my witness , I will not do it . the Lord will see I through . andreyev 10000 rouble . maria 20000 . andreyev done . andreyev hurry Maria out into the corridor , follow by the conductor - who faint , bang he head on a sand bucket . andreyev ( cont 'd ) who put that there ? what brainless fuck fire safety fucker put that there ? int . stalin' dacha - dine room / office - night 22 it 's dark . khrushchev , beria , malenkov and molotov be watch a John Wayne western . Beyond they , stalin stand by he desk , look at papers . molotov have fall asleep , with malenkov next to he . beria he get shot off he horse . ( guy get shot off horse ) yup. adios . khrushchev ( loudly , so stalin hear ) horse be shit , son ! you should have commandeer a tank . malenkov you know we produce 5000 T - 64 tank last year ? khrushchev if I have to watch this fuck movie again , drive one over my head . 20 May 2016 draft 10 12 . beria I can have that arrange . ach , little sleep tonight . my man be bring in lot of lose sheep ... khrushchev anyone we know on the list ? malenkov ( admonish ) hey , we be suppose to be watch shitcoach . they look up to see if stalin be listen . khrushchev ( quieter ) any good one ? beria one of he guard . say he wife give he some slipper to wear so he would not make any noise . the old man 's convinced it 's so he can creep up on he in he sleep and kill he . khrushchev where will it end ? be we arrest anyone with foot ? malenkov laugh . beria nikita . I be have a man shot for '' acquire slipper '' . never joke about something so serious . stalin come towards they . malenkov ( loudly , to alert molotov ) ah , you be just in time for the Red indian attack . he do a loud , clumsy hand - over - mouth war cry . molotov wake and panic . molotov he .. the horse .. I be .. think .. important . malenkov you be asleep . molotov no. focuss ... on the soundtrack . 23 24 25 20 May 2016 draft 10 13. he yawn , and we go into slow motion again . Dramatic music again . under molotov , the caption : " vyacheslav molotov . foreign Secretary " . under malenkov , laugh , be " georgy malenkov . deputy General Secretary " . back to normal speed . beria ( to molotov ) you will soon have plenty of time to sleep , comrade . he turn to the other . a look of enigmatic menace . int . moscow apartment corridor - night 23 Men in nightshirt be march out of doorway by nkvd . CUT to : ext . moscow apartment - night 24 Men and woman in they nightclothes lead into van by nkvd . CUT to : int . moscow apartment —- room - night 25 boris bresnavich and mrs bresnavich be asleep . there 's a loud bang at the door . they switch on the light , terrify . mrs bresnavich do not open . do not open it !... bresnavich they will kick it down ... Mrs bresnavich go to the window and see a man be lead away by nkvd officer . she start to cry . bresnavich have pull on a dress gown and slipper over he pyjamas . the couple hug and kiss like people who know they may never see each other again . bresnavich ( cont 'd ) I love you ... 26 27 20 May 2016 draft 10 14 . mrs bresnavich ( distraught ) oh my God , you thing .... he clasp she hand . bresnavich say whatever you have to say to they . say it . it do not matter . bresnavich head to the hallway . through adjoin window , he see another man be lead away . still the knock . int . moscow apartment —- hallway - night 26 bresnavich open the door to a friendly - look concert director in a dinner suit . in the hallway , two people be be lead away . concert director comrade . deepest ... ( he bow ) Radio Moscow request you presence immediately . please . you be Moscow 's finest and ... nearest conductor . ( a little desperate ) we must hurry . ext . stalin' dacha - front of build - night 27 beria , khrushchev , molotov and malenkov be walk together to they limo , drunk , tired . beria ( to malenkov ) Nice work mention polnikov . ( malenkov impression ) " whatever happen to polnikov ? and trotsky , I like he . " molotov " I miss the tsar " ... malenkov what be this , the malenkov pogrom ? I be drunk . I can not remember . khrushchev a tip , Melanie . when you go home , get you wife to write down everything you think you say . then in the morning you know what you be deal with . khrushchev 's Law ! 28 20 May 2016 draft 10 15 . molotov good night , comrade ! Long live the Communist Party of lenin-stalin ! Long live John Wayne and John Ford ! molotov drive off in he limo . he wave . they wave back . beria ( do throat cut gesture ) Goodbye , old friend . Goodbye forever . they all register the shock . malenkov really ? beria yep . on the list . it would be simpler and cheaper if they just drive straight into a river . sweet dream ! CUT to : int . concert hall - MAIN auditorium - night 28 it 's fuller now : some in overall , one with a dirty brush , beside more smartly dress concert - goer . a big woman eat pickle onion . some be filing up to the balcony . andreyev ( shouting at people on balcony ) you ... no , you ! yes , keep go along ! fill it up ! the orchestra warm up . andreyev start clap . the audience , usher , concert director and security guard join in . andreyev want it louder . the audience oblige . Maria enter , bow and take she seat at the piano . andreyev keep the applause go as bresnavitch enter with a conductor 's baton , still in he dress gown and slipper . musician 2 shit. be chaplin busy ? musician 3 bresnavich can not do mozart ! he have no feel for nuance . musician 2 he 's in he dress gown . I would say '' nuance '' be fuck . 29 30 31 32 20 May 2016 draft 10 16 . bresnavich turn to face the orchestra and lose a slipper . he grope for it with he foot as he tap he baton to begin . the orchestra start play , from the very beginning . CUT to : int . apartment build - bedroom - night 29 a man desperately " over -dress " - put layer of clothes on top of each other . he grab a roll of money and stuff it in he underwear . the door be kick open to reveal nkvd man . interwoven with : int . khrushchev' apartment - bedroom - night 30 khrushchev slowly , drunkenly , take off he clothes . his wife , nina , sit on the bed take note . khrushchev I joke about the farmer . stalin laugh . I joke about the navy . he do not laugh . int . lubyanka - corridor - night 31 beria , yawn , stroll along , clean he pince - nez . behind he a nkvd guard , ilyin walk with a cry woman in she 20 . beria I will see you again in twenty minute . beria gesture to a cell door and the guard push she in . further back , another door open and a unconscious prisoner be drag out by 2 nkvd man . they lift the prisoner 's hand up and wave it at the other occupant in the cell - goodbye . int . khrushchev' apartment - bedroom - night 32 back with khrushchev and Nina . khrushchev I mention polnikov . nina you fool ! khrushchev no , I get away with it . then malenkov mention he again , stalin hate that . 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 20 May 2016 draft 10 17 . int . apartment build - stairwell - night 33 a matronly woman desperately scrub blood off stair , cry . ext . apartment build - landing - night 34 a young man point some nkvd to the front door of a building with a distinctive design . ext . moscow STREET - night 35 several people be bring out of the distinctive building by nkvd and put in van . one be a middle - aged man , who clock the young man hide in the shadow . he know he 's to blame . int . lubyanka - interrogation room - night 36 a frightened prisoner sit on a chair in the middle of the room , hand cuffed behind he back . a door open and beria come in . he stand right behind the prisoner and massage he shoulder , whisper in he ear . int . concert hall - MAIN auditorium - night 37 a serene Maria and sweat bresnavich bring the concerto to its conclusion . there 's a brief silence - relief - then applause . the Big woman be still eat pickle onion . int . concert hall - director 's office - night 38 andreyev jump and grab the recording . sergei should not we check it ...? andreyev be already run out with record . andreyev no time ! if it 's screw , so be you ! int . khrushchev' apartment - bedroom - night 39 back with khrushchev and Nina . khrushchev beria do the tomato-in- the-pocket thing . arsehole . you will have to clean the trousers . then ... slipper ... 40 20 May 2016 draft 10 18. nina ( look for slipper ) I think they be ... khrushchev shh ! ( sway as he try to get out of a trouser leg ) oh God , what be the slipper thing ? stalin 's slipper ? molotov 's ? fuck. what doe it mean ? CUT to : int . concert hall - entrance staircase - night 40 andreyev manically pelt down the staircase towards the nkvd man , brandish the new record , follow by he staff . andreyev I have it ! I have it !... he see pervak ahead , wait . andreyev slow to a walk , he 's do he duty . the staff follow suit . andreyev ( cont 'd ) ( more low key now ) I have the recording . we need to find a new ... sleeve . he look down at the sleeve . it 's plain and white . andreyev ( cont 'd ) a white one . because the other one be .. blue . it look very ... shit . pervak the delay have be logge . andreyev I have do my duty . any '' delay '' be be incur now by you . a hand take the record from he . Maria place a fold piece of paper into the sleeve . maria I wish to convey a special message from my heart . andreyev and pervak both disapprove . pervak I wish to convey this record to comrade stalin . 4l 42 43 44 20 May 2016 draft 10 19 . pervak and Maria wrestle for the record . maria I want comrade stalin to know the full intensity of my feeling for he . andreyev no . this be unauthorise narcissism ! he try to retrieve the note . we can see the record bend . pervak grab it back . pervak ( indicate clock ) so . the item be in my possession . after a significant '' delay '' . ( to nkvd Officer ) log the time . the officer turn to leave . Maria watch they go . andreyev drop to the floor , destroy . ext . concert hall - night 4l music . the crowd , include the nervous man , leave . spot the nkvd limousine , pervak and the other nkvd man outside the main entrance , he grimace , turn and walk away quickly . two nkvd men suddenly bundle he into a car . it 's over . int . nkvd car - night 42 the record speed through the city , on pervak 's lap . the car pass some frighten people be bundle into a van . there be fewer building as we reach the countryside . ext . russian countryside - night 43 the car drive down a forest road . two barrier be lift in front of it by Army soldier . ext . stalin' dacha - night 44 the car speed into the grounds of stalin 's dacha . 45 46 47 20 May 2016 draft 10 20 . int . stalin' dacha - hallway - night 45 the record travel under pervak 's arm , past various soldier . a sergeant and another soldier stand and salute . the door open . a frail hand carefully take the record . stalin what take you so long ? the door close . the officer breathes a sigh of relief . music end . int . stalin' dacha - office - night 46 stalin remove the record from its sleeve . Maria 's note fall unseen onto the table . he put the record on . the stylus scratch , play . he see the note . open it and read . stalin laugh . then choke . silently shaking , he collapse . his body convulse , he 's suffocating . slow-motion . title : " josef stalin , General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party " . as he fall , urine stream out . we see the note fall from he hand and flutter down . we hear Maria in V /o . maria ( v.o. ) Joseph vissarionovich stalin . tyrant ! murderer ! you have sin against God and against his church . you have betrayed we nation and destroy its people . repent . and beg for his forgiveness , while you can . stalin 's face hit the floor . a pool of urine spread out . int . stalin' dacha - hallway - night 47 the sergeant and soldier on guard outside hear the noise . the sergeant do a " he 's drunk " gesture . soldier should we ... investigate ? sergeant should you shut the fuck up before you get we both kill . 48 49 50 51 20 May 2016 draft 10 21 . int . stalin' dacha - office - night 48 stalin on the floor , twitching . the record on a loop . a bar of the concerto cut hard into scratch , repeat again and again . they really should have check the recording . a puddle of urine on the rug . int . stalin' dacha - hallway - day 49 more time have pass . the soldier sit there , bored . matryona petrovna ( 77 ) arrive with tea . knock . the soldier share a glance . a beat . she open the door , enter ... int . stalin' dacha - office - day 50 the room 's a mess . matryona tut . matryona comrade stalin . how many time ? you can not drink like a young man ... she go to scream . we cut before the sound come out ... int . lubyanka - interrogation room - day 51 c/u Pov of beria 's face . we be a prisoner be interrogate . beria I just need some name . each name you give I be one less bit of you I will cut off . shake ? oh , you can not . we cut wide as we hear a knock on the door . beria , bloodstain on he shirt , stand over a beat prisoner tie to a chair . ilyin be in the room . beria ( cont 'd ) enter ! slimonov , a nkvd officer , enter . someone in another cell shout ' Long live stalin ' , before a gun shot . slimonov ( nervous , scared of beria ) sorry to interrupt , comrade Minister . it 's comrade stalin ... beria turn to slimonov , who look down at the prisoner . beria do not worry about he . that ear be full of blood anyway . 52 20 May 2016 draft 10 22 . slimonov comrade stalin be very ill ... beria give nothing away . in the background , we hear another voice shout ' Long live stalin ' follow by a shot . beria tell they ... beria be on he way . they be not to touch a thing . not to call anyone else . understand ? slimonov give a nervous nod . beria ( cont 'd ) tell I you understand my instruction ? slimonov I understand . you instruction . beria go to leave . beria what 's you name , lieutenant ? slimonov ( very nervous ) s...s ... limonov , sir . beria s...s..limonov . be here when I g..g.. get back . beria leave . int . / ext . lubyanka - corridor / back yard - day ( continuous ) 52 beria walk through the lubyanka corridor with he second - in - command , kobulov . in the background we see a man be carry by two nkvd , tie to a heavy wooden log . kobulov abramovsky be close . but weak . ( off beria 's look ) tomorrow , maybe . beria have he wife move into the next cell . work on she until he talk . make it ... noisy . in the background , the man and log be toss down some stair . we can only vaguely make it out , but enough to know . 53 54 55 20 May 2016 draft 10 23. kobulov if he do not ... they go up some stair . a guard bring something for beria to sign . he sign . beria he talk , he do not talk . it end the same way . shame . Mrs abramovsky have be most co-operative so far ... int . lubyanka - front reception - day ( continuous ) 53 they walk to the front door . kobulov ( chuckle ) very loyal . some woman will do anything to get they husband release . beria ( fondly ) yes . and she do neveryth 's . God bless the Union for bring I so many devote wife who go like sewing machine . CUT to : ext . lubyanka - front of build - day ( continuous ) 54 they have reach beria 's car . khrustalyov hold the door for he and he get in . beria how 's marry life ? kobulov very good , comrade be ... beria watch that wife of yours . they can all go astray , you know . ( to driver ) to he dacha . the limo drive off , as a van pull up behind . int . khrushchev' apartment - kitchen - day 55 a kitchen in a modern apartment . khrushchev be in he pyjamas , hungover , read Nina the note she make . 56 57 58 20 May 2016 draft 10 24 . khrushchev '' grenade funny beria tomato pocket funny slipper question mark . '' Jesus , Nina , be this code ? nina you wake I up to slur this nonsense and it 's my fault ? khrushchev '' molotov c-h-h-h-h... '' . Holy Hell , be I actually fuck snoring there ? she do the throat mime . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) ( look out of the window ) oh God , yes . beria . he ... below in the courtyard malenkov be see hurriedly leave . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) something 's happen . the phone start ringing . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) hello .... when do it ..? ( to Nina ) trousers ! ( on phone ) I will be there faster than a speed bullet ! Nina help he haul he trousers ( from the same suit as the previous day ) over he pyjamas . ext . stalin' dacha - perimeter gate - day 56 the front gate be open . beria 's car sweep through . ext . / int . front of build / beria' car - day 57 beria 's car drive up to the building . he get out . Soldiers salute he as he enter the building , confident , determine . int . stalin' dacha - hallway - day 58 the sergeant and soldier snap to attention , suppress fear . beria be you on duty when he be find ? 59 60 20 May 2016 draft 10 25 . sergeant yes , sir . beria no-one be to come in , understand ? sergeant yes , sir . beria remain at you station . the young soldier be struggle to hold himself together . beria go inside and shut the door . int . stalin' dacha - office - day 59 behind the door we hear a whimper as the soldier panic . soldier ( 0.8 ) oh God ... stalin be still on the floor . matryona be stroking he hair . matryona they tell I not to get a doctor . beria you do well , matryona petrovna . the Central Committee will handle thing now . matryona so you will get a doctor ? beria I am the doctor . I will see to everything . she get up and go . he watch she shut the door , turn back to stalin . beria ( cont 'd ) it smell like a baku pisshouse in here . greeting , by the way . he kneel down , try to reach into stalin 's trouser pocket but it 's soak with urine . he hesitates then go for it . he pull out a key and wipe he hand on a handkerchief . beria see Maria 's note , read it and pocket it . int . stalin' dacha - SMALL room - day 60 beria head into a adjoin smaller private room . 61 62 63 20 May 2016 draft 10 26 . he unlock a drawer with stalin 's key . he take out a set of key , head to a bookcase , open it to reveal a safe . he open the safe and remove a pile of folder . he close the safe , lock it , and return the key to the desk drawer . he pull out a few file and then head to the window with the rest . he can not open it . it 's jamme shut . he pull up he trouser leg to reveal a knife in a sheath strapped to he calf . he try cut at the dry paint round the edge of the frame . the top half come down a fraction , leave a gap at the top . beria tap the window to attract khrustalyov 's attention and gesture for he to come over . he drag over stalin 's rickety chair and clamber onto it . ext . stalin' dacha - front of build - day 61 with khrustalyov . beria shout - whisper through the window . beria khrustalyov ! khrustalyov ! khrustalyov hear he and rush over . int . / ext . stalin' dacha - SMALL room / front of build - daw beria perch on the arm of the chair . he wave for khrustalyov to get higher . khrustalyov clamber onto the ledge as beria feed the document through the window . beria wobble , fall back a little but avert disaster by pull at the curtain . khrustalyov can not suppress a smile . beria take the papers you blockhead . or I ’1ll cut you eye out one at a time , so you can watch it happen . int . stalin' dacha - office - day 63 beria throw the remain papers into the stove . phew. sit in stalin 's chair - nice . luxuriate in it . a knock . beria quickly kneel by stalin , take he hand . beria come in . 20 May 2016 draft 10 27 . he realise the hand be cover in piss but have to keep hold . malenkov walk in . malenkov be that ... I be guess that 's .... he rush over and kneel in the urine . he spring back up . beria yes . he 's feel unwell . clearly . malenkov oh God , he 's irreplaceable . how can we possibly ... be he still ...? malenkov indicate '' alive ? '' . beria nod . malenkov ( cont ’d ) as deputy General Secretary I must now take he place , and ... beria " take he place . " but you just say he 's irreplaceable . malenkov '' take he place '' as in '' assemble the Central Committee '' . of course . beria good . I be testing you . get use to that sort of challenge . ( indicate stalin ) what next , boss ? malenkov well ... this be a medical decision . we should get a doctor . beria if only we have not put away all that highly competent doctor . for treason . you remember . malenkov ( uncomfortable ) I do . they be plotting to poison he ... beria that 's right . you collect the evidence ... malenkov yes I do . ( a beat ) be you still testing I ? 20 May 2016 draft 10 28 . khrushchev burst in . khrushchev this be calamity ! calamity ! khrushchev rush over to the body . he kneel , just miss the piss , press he face into stalin 's chest . then ... khrushchev ( cont ’d ) nooooo00000n ! !! malenkov Jesus , nikita ! sob , khrushchev grab malenkov 's arm and stand up . khrushchev my friend . comrades-in-arm ... he hug malenkov who also start to cry . beria feel he should join in the hug . it do not come naturally . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) which doctor have you call ? beria the subject be currently under discussion . malenkov as acting General Secretary , I say the Committee should decide . khrushchev but we actual General Secretary be lie there carpet-bombing the room with piss . I think he 's say , get I a fuck doctor . malenkov we wait until we be quorate . khrushchev quorate take a run fuck . the room be only 75 per cent conscious . beria notice pyjama bottom beneath khrushchev 's trousers . beria why be you in you pyjamas ? khrushchev because , I act , lavrenti . decisively , and with great speed . I do not ... ( to malenkov ) ( more ) 20 May 2016 draft 10 29 . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) .+- hang around look like a fuck ghost , farting out committee . malenkov the Central Committee be important . that 's why we be on it . beria ( to malenkov ) I say you would be test . and just now you be be test by a shouting man wear pyjamas . ( re pyjamas ) get a nappy under that , too ? ( re stalin ) too late for he ! the door be flung open by mikoyan , 58 , well - dress gangster type with a light cigarette between he lip , and bulganin , 58 , a head - down timeserver . with they be kaganovich , 60 : big , a bruiser , drunk . we go into slow motion as all three try to squeeze through the door . we hear they shocked reaction slowed down . bulganin / mikoyan / kaganovich ( in slow -motion ) papa ! / comrade ! / shit ! underneath they , the caption : " nicolai bulganin . Minister for Defence " ; mikoyan : " anastase mikoyan . vice - Premier , the Council of minister " ; " lazar kaganovich . Minister for Labour . " we go back into real time as they squeeze around the body . kaganovich no ! I love he too much !... bulganin fall to he knee , sobbing . his arm find kaganovich . khrushchev put a hand on they both . bulganin reach up , tug mikoyan 's jacket . mikoyan hate that . mikoyan ( warning ) suit . beria this be compelling drama , but we do need to get he into bed . ( nod at malenkov ) take the head . malenkov why ? 20 May 2016 draft 10 30 . beria you be acting General Secretary . mikoyan ( round the other side ) can not be any heavier than my fuck heart . khrushchev grab stalin 's foot . there 's now too many on the non-urine side . only kaganovich be on the urine side . kaganovich mikoyan ! he gesture for mikoyan to go to the other side . grudgingly , he do so . bulganin better . more balanced . malenkov do some light stretch . khrushchev what the hell be you do ? malenkov I have back trouble . the head 's the heaviest part ... bulganin I think actually it 's the stomach and the , you know ... mikoyan tackle ? bulganin arse . khrushchev can we stop haggling like a market full of fishwive and do this ! malenkov join the other . khrushchev push mikoyan to the upper half of the body so he have to lift near the urine . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) ready . 3...2 ... malenkov join in loudly . malenkov / khrushchev 2++2..1 ... khrushchev allow malenkov to finish it alone . malenkov -. lift ! 64 65 20 May 2016 draft 10 31 . they lift stalin and carry he to the door , foot first . bulganin he 's a heavy man . I mean ... beria you think stalin be ... '' too heavy '' ? bulganin it 's a compliment . gold 's heavy . mikoyan you would know . you loot enough of it , you saucy little pirate . ( wink at bulganin ) khrushchev now we be all cosy and quorate , I hereby propose we get a doctor . they go through into ... int . stalin' dacha - hallway - day 64 we be a way down the corridor as they manoeuvre stalin from the office to a door opposite . kaganovich the best doctor be in the gulag . or dead . because they try to kill stalin . so any doctor still in Moscow be not a good doctor . the soldier and sergeant be further down the hall , try hard to avoid see what 's go on . int . stalin' dacha - bedroom - day 65 they get he through the door . it 's a struggle . bulganin what be people 's thought on get a '' bad '' doctor ? malenkov what if he recover and find out ? khrushchev stop so they all have to . he unconsciously gesture with stalin 's foot as he talk . khrushchev if he recover , then we use a good doctor . if he do not recover , then we do not but he will not know . but if we do not get a doctor ... 20 May 2016 draft 10 32 . malenkov people will say we poison he . mikoyan they fuck will as well . murmured agreement . they start move towards the bed again . khrushchev ( to malenkov ) what be the name of that woman who denounce the doctor ? malenkov timashuk . beria yes . be you still in touch ? malenkov well , we do not go skate together . khrushchev we could get she in . bulganin ( really ? ) she sound a keen helper , but ... a negative individual . beria she 's get everything we need for this situation : a desire to survive and blowjob lip . mikoyan well , she 's get my vote . bulganin yes . let she find we some doctor . mikoyan if it end badly , we pin it all on Lady sucky sucky . beria and we shoot she . malenkov that would work . ( to khrushchev ) see , we be better as a committee . they reach the bed . stalin 's foot be over the pillow . kaganovich we cannot display the Father of the Nation upside down . let 's turn he . 66 20 May 2016 draft 10 33 . they turn he . stalin 's head narrowly miss a bedpost . khrushchev watch he head ! bulganin let 's be careful ! he 's not a sack of coal ! malenkov wince : he back hurt . they move stalin onto the bed , right across mikoyan who 's bent over backwards . the urine -stain trousers pass right across he face and brush he expensive clothes . mikoyan mind the ...! achtung , achtung ! mikoyan be freed and stalin 's down . khrushchev stare at stalin in disbelief . khrushchev he look ready now . malenkov I need a vodka . bulganin I need a wash . mikoyan ( be suit ) Fine weave this be . never get it out . khrushchev my pocket be still full of tomato . everyone leave . beria hang back . khrushchev stop and watch beria . he 's just stand , look at stalin , face blank . he bring he face right up close to stalin 's , stare at he , and poke he stomach . beria you have a nice , long sleep , old man . I will take it from here . CUT to : int . stalin' dacha - bedroom / dine room - day 66 the committee member except malenkov and khrushchev stand round a drink cabinet stuff with bottle - too many of they . bulganin struggle to pull out a bottle of vodka . khrushchev walk in , place he fold pyjamas down on the table . 20 May 2016 draft 10 34 . bulganin I feel like a midwife , ha ha ! ( pull one out ) mikoyan it 's a boy ! bulganin be fill glass . khrushchev remember ? he make we all guess the air temperature outside ? loser sit in the snow , bare ass . molotov ... they all laugh . kaganovich ( little girl voice ) '' I be the foreign Secretary . not a Emperor penguin '' . mikoyan ( little girl voice ) '' my cock will snap ! '' khrushchev ( be beria ) careful . all this little girl voice ... bulganin where be molotov , by the way ? beria he 's on a list . the latest list ... the laughter stop . it 's a big name to be on a list . kaganovich what about svetlana and vasily ? they will want to see they father . beria no . I do not want they contact until we have a plan . we ... khrushchev ( interrupt ) we stand strong . we burn bright . because if .... if we great beacon be extinguish , if the great helmsman die ... beria ( interrupt back ) stalin be not die ! do you hear I ? stalin will never die ! ( more ) 67 20 May 2016 draft 10 35 . beria ( cont 'd ) that remnant of a man there , that pathetic old lump of flesh in he piss-stain jodper - that be not stalin ! stalin be the Union ! the Party ! you be stalin . I be stalin . understand ? I be stalin . the people be stalin . and they will see this when we tell they . when we tell they . so , do not any of you fuck say stalin be die ! he life ! silence . the tension 's break by malenkov come in . malenkov timashuk 's organise the doctor . ( innocently ) what do I miss ? ext . moscow park - day 67 montage of Moscow park exterior : fountain . a old man , lukomsky , with he small dog on a lead . a black maria stop . lukomsky realise it 's for he . he start to run as best he can . head past the fountain . some nkvd men , include delove run to catch he . he abandon the dog . lukomsky please ... I have do nothing wrong ! they catch he . a nkvd officer be wait with a doctor 's white coat , a stethoscope and a doctor 's bag . delov put this on . lukomsky I retire 6 year ago . delov put it on !... lukomsky I can give you name ? the nkvd man put the coat on he and open the van door . Inside be other terrify doctor , include a weird - looking tall doctor . lidiya timashuk , a attractive woman of about 40 get out the front and she and a nkvd officer chase the dog . we cut before we find out if they catch it or not . 68 20 May 2016 draft 10 36 . ext . stalin' dacha - front of build / ground - day 68 red army soldier with dog patrol . other be around , and some nkvd visible in the background . khrushchev and kaganovich walk along a path . kaganovich poor molotov . he love stalin . stalin kill he wife . he still love stalin . stalin arrest he . khrushchev stalin tell I it would be bulganin next . kaganovich really ? I hear mikoyan . God he be good . khrushchev ( testing kaganovich ) no , he be paranoid . I think he be on the point of arrest he own reflection . kaganovich do not respond . they walk in silence . khrushchev try again . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) so . who will be on the next list ? ( indicate '' I and you '' ) kaganovich look , nobody want the future of the Union to be beria and malenkov stare at each other across a fuck graveyard . but what ... khrushchev Reform . Change . we really want million in camp ? look , we be not the only one worried about beria . we should sound out mikoyan and ... kaganovich that 's factionalist talk , nikita . they stop . in the distance , malenkov be pissing against a tree , with beria very close to he . khrushchev you want factionalism ? ( point across ) beria 's play Melanie like a fuck musical see ... CUT to : 20 May 2016 draft 10 37 . we join malenkov and beria by the tree . malenkov 's pissing . malenkov when I piss , I try to make eye contact with a officer . ruin they day ! beria we need more security in Moscow . do you hear that pinhead khrushchev undermine you about the doctor ? remember : stalin choose you . malenkov khrushchev . talk goat . do not worry , lavrentiy . '' mother Russia '' be safe in my hand ... beria you call it '' mother Russia '' ? beria indicate he penis . malenkov laugh . we be back with kaganovich and khrushchev . they walk on . khrushchev I be pull stalin 's child in . now . keep they close . kaganovich vasily will be lie face down ina ditch full of vodka . but svetlana .. khrushchev the people love she . I be get she ... kaganovich you hear beria . we do not get they on board until there 's a plan ... khrushchev I just told you what my ... there 's a shout from the courtyard outside the house . pervak ( oov ) comrade minister ! svetlana alliluyeva be here ! they look up to the house . stalin 's daughter , svetlana alliluyeva ( 30 ) , be at the top of the slope next to pervak . svetlana ( to nkvd Officer ) where be he ? be he ok ? who get here first ? who 's in charge here ? 20 May 2016 draft 10 38 . all four committee member start cut across the wood . malenkov and beria spot khrushchev and kaganovich . khrushchev ( shouting ) svetlana ! hello ! beria ( run ) svetlana ! ( to malenkov ) they be try to cut you off ! malenkov ( run ) what ? that bastard ! khrushchev ( run ) shit , the race have start . fucker 's halfway round the track before they have fire the pistol . ( shout ) hello ! malenkov trip a little and have to stop run . beria ' beria beria beria house 's the first to reach svetlana . she 's be cry . svetlana have he say anything ? be he ... be he able to speak ? catch he breath , double over . svetlana consol . svetlana ( cont 'd ) it 's a shock for all of we . be vasily on he way ? ( to everyone ) have my brother be tell ? see khrushchev be close . beria ( panting ) svetulya ... I will take you to he . put a proprietorial arm around she . they head to the as khrushchev and kaganovich arrive , breathless . khrushchev I be so sorry , svetlana ... he try to take she hand , but beria shepherd she inside . svetlana someone contact vasily ! he must be here ! 69 20 May 2016 draft 10 39 . khrushchev ( shouting after she ) I ' 1l do it ! i’1l get he ! do not worry ... darling ! ( fuck no , not that ) svetlana ! beria ( tetchy ) yes , see to that could you , comrade khrushchev ? int . ice hockey rink - day 69 a training match . the player be clearly second -rate . one of they - bobrov - be terrify . all up at one end , with three trainer lobbing at they . watch they , drunk and angry - vasily dzhugashvili ( 30 ) , stalin 's son , in he Air Force uniform . a coach be with he . vasily when we play hungary , be we allow to use gun ? coach comrade General , they be the best I could find since the plane crash . vasily stop say plane crash ! there be never a plane crash ! vasily watch the player scuttle around on the ice , and take a swig from a hip flask . vasily ( cont 'd ) Soviet plane do not crash , and stalin 's son do not fuck up . coach we still have bobrov . he be not on the plane . vasily what plane ? coach ( shout ) bobrov ! briefly focuss , bobrov sweep past the other player , then completely miss the goal . he look to vasily , terrify . vasily Jesus , he 's petrify . he 's leave a trail of yellow ice . 20 May 2016 draft 10 40 . a sense of other player chipping the ice or miss-hitte . vasily ( cont 'd ) you be the coach . coach they so they be as good as the dead team be . or I 'il have you kill . ok ? coach yes , yes . Three nkvd officer , include tarasov step in , watch vasily from afar . vasily spot they . vasily shit ... do they know ?? ( shouting at the player ) play better now ! play better ! a player crash into the hoard in front of vasily . tarasov General ? you be to come to you father 's dacha - vasily that plane should never have take off . you think because of who I be I can predict ice storm ? the officer share a look . tarasov have something happen to we national hockey team ? vasily no. ( indicate rink ) see ? no . but ask yourself - might something happen to you ? the officer look over at the player , and watch one of they screw up a tackle and smash to the ground . the nkvd man nod to each other , grab vasily and pick he up . vasily ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ..? my father will have you saddle and ride to siberia ! you have no manners , you rude fuck cunt . 70 ext . stalin' dacha - front of build - day 70 the black maria from the park pull into the courtyard . 71 20 May 2016 draft 10 41 . delove and the other nkvd get out and open the door . the scared shabby doctor emerge . one be very young . lidiya get out the front of the van . int . stalin' dacha - dine room - day 71 beria be by svetlana who 's cry . khrushchev offer a chair . svetlana no , no . khrushchev go to sit then think better of it . khrushchev he 's with good people , my dear . they be the best ... the shamble of doctor leave the bedroom with malenkov , and line up in front of the politburo , svetlana and matryona . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) beria get the doctor . beria no , that be malenkov . malenkov svetlana , would you like to sit down ? svetlana really . no. khrushchev ( offer he chair ) have mine . svetlana ( cross ) the man always want I to sit down . no . svetlana regret she scratchy response , whisper to the man . svetlana ( cont 'd ) thank you for you concern . lukomsky nervously read from a paper . lidiya be beside he . lukomsky after examine comrade stalin we have come to the unanimous conclusion that ... ( struggle to continue ) ..- he 's ... 20 May 2016 draft 10 42 . beria ( nod to lidiya ) please . put he out of he misery . lidiya take the paper off he . lidiya comrade stalin have have a cerebral hemorrhage . the right side of he body be paralyze . beria do he have any chance of recovery ? lukomsky it 's , um ... it 's hard to say ... beria go right up to he , and speak quietly , calmly . beria relax . I be not go to kiss you . will he recover ? yes . or no . lukomsky manage to mouth the quietest " no " ever . beria ( cont 'd ) ( loud , to the other ) it 's over ! shock silence . beria get he hat and prepare to leave . discretely , a few of beria 's people ( nkvd ) can be see hover at the edge of shot , and down corridor , wait for he signal . khrushchev now it begin . I cry for stalin , I cry for all of we ... beria 's people just as suddenly disappear . beria turn to svetlana . she look numb . beria courage , little bird . we be here for you . khrushchev realise he should maybe have say this first . khrushchev yes . most of all , we cry for you . all Russia feel you sorrow . ( awkwardly ) Little ... bird . beria start to leave again . his ' people 's appear again discretely . 72 73 20 May 2016 draft 10 beria I must get back . prepare the nation for this ... trauma . svetlana stay with I , please . I feel alone . 43 . beria look tear : he need to go to Moscow to take control . malenkov I could go to Moscow . I be ... now General Secretary if '' he '' be not ... compos mentis ... khrushchev ( fuck you , beria ) I will stay with you , svetlana . the old man would have ... svetlana oh , thank you comrade khrushchev . beria ( fuck you , khrushchev ) no , I can do thing here . here be perfect . ( to lidiya ) timashuk . come . beria 's people disappear again . he and lidiya leave . kaganovich be cry into stalin 's hand . khrushchev ( quietly , to kaganovich ) while beria have he celebratory thirty - second fuck , I be go to find out who we friend ... be you even fuck listen ? kaganovich nod , still sobbing . int . stalin' dacha - hallway - day 72 lidiya follow beria down the corridor , past the soldier and sergeant . beria ( to lidiya ) stay here . shut you ear . he go inside stalin 's office . int . stalin' dacha - office - day ( continuous ) beria shut the door behind he and punch the air 73 with joy , 20 May 2016 draft 10 44 , try hard not to scream and shout . he pick up the phone . beria ( phone ) Moscow be to be seal off . send in more nkvd . all army station replace by nkvd . and initiate the new list . ( end call , sotto to self ) reset you watch , lady and gentleman . int . lubyanka - office and corridor - day 74 kobulov hand a list to a nkvd officer who salute , take it along a corridor to a soldier who salute and march to a cell . the door 's unlock . a prisoner be be interrogate . the soldier shoot he dead and leave . the nkvd interrogator be leave stunne as we hear o.s a succession of unlock door , yell and gunshot . ext . stalin 's dacha —- perimeter gate - day 75 five soldier on guard . smoke , relaxed . a army captain watch as nkvd men get out of a truck . a nkvd officer hand the Captain some order . Captain do not like what he see . one nkvd man pull out bottle of vodka . Soldiers look to Captain , who reluctantly nod , snatch the bottle , and amble into jeep . the army leave . the nkvd be in charge . int . stalin' dacha - office - day 76 beria open the door . lidiya step in and shut the door . he look at she for a moment . lidiya over he desk ? as usual ? she walk to the desk , bend over it . she 's do this before . beria stalin be die . and all you do be present I with you cold vagina ? how shockingly , shockingly inappropriate , lidiya . she 's surprised , shake , but try not to show it . beria ( cont 'd ) oh , do not worry . you will be thoroughly '' see to '' later ... a horrible , courteous smile . he indicate '' go '' . she leave . 77 78 79 80 81 20 May 2016 draft 10 45 . int / ext . stalin' dacha - hallway / front of build / groundsy - day lidiya walk downstairs and out the building . two nkvd officer with document look up at she . more truck arrive . all exit route block . we see a guard recognise she name on a list . lidiya run in panic into the wood . we go with she . beria watch from the front of the dacha . a explosion . Guards cock they gun . bulganin rush out . bulganin a mine ? be we be attack ? beria ( shrug ) perhaps a animal . ( to a nkvd Officer ) you have you order . he turn and go back inside . int . / ext - vasily's limousine - day 78 vasily 's limo drive through the countryside . vasily sit between the nkvd officer in the back , drink . no - one say anything . then ... vasily do either of you play hockey ? int . kremlin - stalin' office - day 79 the room be big and spartan . simple furniture , wall map . a outsize chess set . the light be on . the lock door crack as a nkvd officer force entry . a senior nkvd officer enter , switch off the light . ext . red square - day 80 from across the square , we see the light go out . int . stalin' dacha - office - day 81 khrushchev step in . it 's dark ; the curtain be shut . he check the safe : it 's lock . he look on the desk , open a couple of drawer . svetlana ( 0.s. ) I have every right to be here ! 20 May 2016 draft 10 46 . khrushchev jump . he do not see svetlana sit in the darkness . khrushchev ( think of a excuse ) you father keep some excellent vodka here . svetlana and vasily probably drank it . oh , nikita . who can I turn to now ? mama kill herself , papa 's die , vasily 's ... khrushchev ( relieved ) yes ! I be also look for you to tell you that I have send for vasily ! he 's not sure whether to put a comforting hand on she or not . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) I be here . no matter what happen , I will make sure no harm come to you or you brother . svetlana who say anything about harm ? do someone tell you we be in danger ? tell I ! khrushchev I do not mean ... svetlana ( panicky / angry ) who wish harm on I ? khrushchev nobody . nobody . anyway , they have have to get past I . svetlana people would harm the child of stalin ? even though he 's ... she lose it . a gush of tear . khrushchev hesitates , settles for a awkward , comradely grip on she shoulder . khrushchev you father can never die . stalin be you , stalin be I , stalin be the union.. so cannot die ! svetlana what be you say ? he 's die . khrushchev he be die ... 20 May 2016 draft 10 47 . he cast he eye down , spot a bottle , grab it . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) svetlana , just ... be strong . and ... ( out of platitude ) try not to be afraid . svetlana I wish I know what not to be afraid of . khrushchev nothing . trust I . a awkward double - fisted '' be strong '' sign . he hurry out . CUT to : int . stalin' dacha - dine room / bedroom - day 82 a vast buffet be add to by a chef cover in medal . there be empty vodka bottle everywhere . smoke hang in the air . beria be idly play billiards , watch a young waitress . he whistle she over , take a large tomato from she plate . he bite into it , keep eye contact . juice run down he chin . kaganovich be near the bed , drink . mikoyan 's on the other side of the room with malenkov , whose hair be over - groom . mikoyan you have you hair fuck embalm or something ? malenkov fuck you . there will be a lot of photo . I can not let he or the Party down . khrushchev walk in with the vodka , annoyed with himself . he go to the bed and try to take part of stalin 's hand . there be only finger leave ; kaganovich be hold the rest . kaganovich ( quietly ) do you speak to svetlana ? khrushchev ( indicate bottle ) go very well . she give I this . ( off kaganovich 's look ) a good sign . vodka 's always a good sign . 20 May 2016 draft 10 48 . kaganovich you be right . beria 's take over . another 9 nkvd division in Moscow . more on the way . Army 's out . khrushchev he 's move fast . bulganin come in . bulganin get to unload to reload . khrushchev you have the bladder of a sparrow . bulganin but the penis of a horse . nobody laugh . mikoyan have join beria . mikoyan ( to bulganin ) you be the penis of a horse . ( to beria ) tough old bastard . think he have just kick death in the ball . beria put a reassure arm round mikoyan 's waist . beria my friend . mikoyan pull a crush tomato from he jacket pocket . he look angry , volatile . mikoyan piss and tomato and stalin die . this be a nightmare . beria 's about to apologise . mikoyan wave it away , head out . lukomsky enter with two other doctor , who wheel a hefty piece of equipment with a very squeaky wheel . malenkov who order the wurlitzer ? lukomsky it 's ... it 's a respirator ... american ... kaganovich ( gobsmack ) you bring a capitalist machine ... in here ? 20 May 2016 draft 10 49 . doctor he bring it . it 's from he hospital !... lukomsky it be he idea ... khrushchev join beria and malenkov while kaganovich berate the doctor . khrushchev so , you have time at you hairdresser 's to mobilise the nkvd ? malenkov what ? beria I do it . look , people will need ... ( make fist ) ... reassurance . khrushchev so why switch the light off in stalin 's office at the kremlin ? beria what ? malenkov ah ... I know what happen . I ask for the place to be secure , and the dolt have turn the light off . khrushchev why not tether a airship above Red Square with '' he's dead '' paint on it ? kaganovich take this uncle Sam shit away ! ( unplug the machine ) svetlana he can not breathe !.. svetlana grab the plug and put it back in . beria ( put cigarette in he mouth ) it 's a good thing he can breathe . we be all agree on that . malenkov check no - one be look and quickly head out . 83 84 85 20 May 2016 draft 10 50 . ext . red square - square in front of stalin' office - day 83 the same long shot as before . this time the light turn on . int . stalin' dacha - hallway - day 84 later . beria be have a cigarette in the hallway . suddenly there be cheer from inside the room . int . stalin' dacha - bedroom - day 85 beria hurry in . the committee and svetlana be around the bed , weep , laugh , hold stalin 's hand . kaganovich a miracle ! stalin be invincible ! malenkov the man of steel ! he life ! mikoyan the boss be back ! beria what ? what 's happen ? stalin 's eye be open . beria move the other out of the way and take pride of place right by stalin 's head . beria ( cont 'd ) that 's impossible ! and wonderful ! Long live the Union ! stalin meet beria 's eye . then point at khrushchev . kaganovich maybe he 's appoint a successor ? khrushchev ( a little bit pleased ) do you think ? stalin' Pov : he finger pass across all the committee member . the finger stop , point to matryona . kaganovich maybe not . he point past she , to the wall . they all turn to look at a painting of a young girl feed a lamb through a bottle . malenkov maybe he 's say : " I be like this lamb and you , my child , have give I life . " 86 20 May 2016 draft 10 51 . khrushchev no. stalin 's the girl , nourishing the Lamb - the Union - with marxism - leninism . svetlana my father be not a girl ! malenkov he 's the milk ! mikoyan you're the tit . bulganin maybe he just want a drink ... everyone agree . matryona offer he some water . stalin lower he hand . beria go to lukomsky , cower at the back . he shake the doctor 's hand but do not let it go . beria you be a hero , comrade lukomsky . lukomsky ( terrify ) I ... sometimes this happen ... and ... I be incredibly pleased . beria I will not forget it . beria glare at he - it 's a death sentence - then leave . int . stalin' dacha - hallway - day 86 beria pace . agitate , defeat . for the first time , we see he troubled . beria ( sotto , to self ) live , or die . this be just ... dithering . the original soldier and sergeant be still there , exhaust . soldier Sir , we have remain at we post as you order . might we respectfully ... beria turn round to look at they but .. mikoyan ( 0.s. ) he 's dead ! 87 88 89 90 91 92 20 May 2016 draft 10 52 . beria 's brief smile . he note the sergeant have spot it . beria dart back inside . CUT to : archive material 1 . 87 scene of russia and the soviet empire in mourning CUT to : int . stalin' dacha - hallway - day 88 we hear a loudspeaker voiceover as beria walk . announcer ( 0.8 ) the presidium of the Supreme Soviets of the ussr announce with deep grief that on March 5th at 6.50 pm josef vissarionovich stalin ... ext . gulag - prison yard - twilight 89 a brutally cold , freeze , rugge environment . low , stone building . prisoner listen , shocked ; many upset . one of they be the nervous man from the concert . nkvd guard look to each other . announcer ( 0.8 ) ... Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party .. int . kremlin - stalin' office - day 90 a nkvd man munch on a salami , burn papers in a bin . ext . red square - square in front of stalin' office - day 91 the same long shot as before . this time the light turn off . announcer ( 0.s. ) Chairman of the Council of minister , have die after a serious illness .... int. / ext . stalin' dacha - outhouse / side of dacha - day 92 we see stalin 's dead face , fill the screen . a small medical see be see start to cut into the skull . 20 May 2016 draft 10 53 . Wide to see we be in a outhouse near the dacha . a doctor cut into stalin 's head with a intense grind noise . Laboratory and medical equipment surround by spare tyre , car engine etc . stalin 's body be laid out . lukomsky and the doctor , nkvd officer and committee member be there . mikoyan / malenkov /kaganovich /khrushchev / bulganin ( wince ) nooo ! / fuck my boot !/ whoa !... mikoyan sorry , boss ! I wish I could take it for you ! beria ( to malenkov ) we need to think about the presidium ! malenkov ( reacting to the body ) yes. god. succession . the Committee should . oh. fuck. notify . no . that 's he ... must we see this ? beria regrettable ! but important this happen quickly ! transparency ! the double door at the front of the outhouse be haul open . it 's vasily , drunk . vasily what be you do to my father , you jackal ! the very young doctor be peel back skin on stalin 's skull . vasily ( cont 'd ) murderer ! you will kill he ! beria gesture to the other : he will deal with this . beria vasily , you father be dead and ... vasily draw he pistol . vasily divide the spoil ? leave he brain alone ! how old be you ? beria nod at the nkvd . a nkvd man try to grab vasily 's gun but he fire it . 20 May 2016 draft 10 54 . everyone dive for cover . malenkov run out of the door and pull it shut . bulganin and khrushchev try to follow but malenkov 's hold it shut from the other side . khrushchev crouch against the door . mikoyan stand fearless . nkvd man try to subdue vasily . he struggle , fire he gun . vasily ( cont 'd ) here be you fuck ... harvest ! they drag he away from stalin but he fire more shot . they hit stalin . his head rock forward as if the shot have jolted he into life for a moment . the nkvd get he gun off he . we hear svetlana 's voice . svetlana ( 0.s. ) vasily ! vasily ! stop !... she 's come into the garage . her voice stop he struggle . vasily tiny child doctor be cut up papasha ! they be fill he brain with american lie ! she grab he face , look right into he eye . svetlana ( very quiet ) he 's go , vasya . just you and I now . be careful . remember what papa say . Wade gently across the river because ... ( chythmically digging into he face ) it. is. full. of. snake . and. crocodile . vasily nod . he 's hear she . svetlana look at the nkvd man . vasily ( try to act normal ) someone could have tell I what to expect . next time , tell I . beria nod to the nkvd , who let he go . malenkov open the door and come back in . bulganin ( to malenkov ) I understand want to leave . but why hold the door shut ? who do that ? vasily cover I , I be get papa ! 20 May 2016 draft 10 55 . suddenly , vasily grab for he gun . malenkov immediately close himself outside again . mikoyan ( to malenkov ) off you go , kitten ! the nkvd man struggle with vasily , force he to the ground and sit on he . it 's not dignify . svetlana look ashamed . svetlana ( close to vasily ) moron . I be not part of you suicide pact . you want to die ? shoot yourself . vasily you will regret this ! you be sit on fire ! Fire ! beria he 's distress . we all be . ( to doctor ) be it do ? one of the petrify doctor nod . beria ( cont 'd ) it be finish . let 's go . and someone do something about all of this - ( wave vaguely at stalin ) - then take it to the kremlin . svetlana where now for I ? and my brother ? beria my man will bring you to Moscow . khrushchev I would be honoure to escort you . svetlana sense beria 's antipathy to khrushchev . svetlana thank you . but no , I 'il go with beria 's man . beria kiss she and march out into the courtyard . beria we precious cargo . ( shouting ) khrustalyov ! my car ! the other committee member look at each other for a beat , then rush off after he . suddenly everyone 's in a hurry . 93 94 95 20 May 2016 draft 10 56 . bulganin we need equilibrium . soon. mikoyan '' equilibrium '' , bollock . give I chaos every time . get more meat on it . ext ./ int . dacha - front of build / beria' car - day 93 beria arrive at he limo . khrustalyov open the door and he get in . a nkvd officer be in the driver seat , khrustalyov stay outside . he nod to he boss and head into the dacha . Inside the car , the young waitress beria see earlier be cuffed to the car door . she 's frighten . he smile at she . beria I know . sad time . the car start but the courtyard 's a logjam of vehicle all try to get out . other committee member hurry to they vehicle , driver hold open the door for they . svetlana head with a nkvd man to she limo . horn start to blare . political manoeuver . nkvd man try futilely to direct . then , in the chaos , nkvd man emerge carry a plain wooden coffin . they load it onto the back of a truck and climb in . beria get out of he car . stands solemnly . the other be oblige to get out and show they respect . the nkvd clear a path for the truck and escort . beria 's car follow . he 's win the scramble . the other start they car . horn blaring , car jostling ... ext . stalin' dacha - front of build / road - day 94 the last of the limo drive away . a empty road . silence . then - a rumbling , get nearer . a convoy of nkvd truck come up the road , through the gate , into the courtyard . armed nkvd men pour out , occupy the house and grounds . kobulov bark into a loudhailer . kobulov comrade ! we share you grief ! you will assemble in the courtyard for further instruction ! int . stalin' dacha - various location - day 95 bust , portrait , furniture , file , be remove , and medical equipment from the outhouse . stalin 's turntable , the record still on it , be load into a box , nail shut . 20 May 2016 draft 10 57 . some staff be already in a line in front of the house , other be bring out by the nkvd , include the chef and the doctor . some have belonging , some nothing . a lot of order be be shout . people be frighten , confuse . a supposedly dead stalin , in a dress gown and slipper , be march out . the chef turn to he confuse neighbour . chef his lookalike . I think he contract just run out . the lookalike be take round the corner to be shot . but the soldier executioner can not do it . look like he . someone quickly throw a cloth over the lookalike 's head . good. bang . a second lookalike be march out . another , third lookalike , clearly a young , fitter man , make a break for it . Close up of a young , fit stalin run for he life away from the dacha . but we cut away before any mine explosion . in fact , the explosion do not come ... int / ext . stalin' dacha - kitchen / front - day 96 delove and two nkvd officer search the kitchen . they discover matryona , crouch between two gas stove , she eye shut . delov hey , you ! on you foot ! matryona be haul up and drag out the front door . now we hear and just about see a mine explode in the wood . int . stalin' dacha - hallway - day 97 the soldier and sergeant be asleep . khrustalyov appear with pervak . pervak attention ! the soldier dozily come to attention . khrustalyov at ease . you can stand down now . there 's food in the kitchen . sergeant thank you , sir . they head down a long corridor with a kitchen at the end . then the sergeant come back into view , collapse to the floor , unconscious . nkvd arm reach into the doorway frame we view and drag he out . 98 99 20 May 2016 draft 10 58. the other soldier run across the doorway follow by two nkvd men . it 's messy . the soldier may have get away into the wood . we do not know . ext . stalin' dacha - front of build / ground - day 98 load truck pull out of the courtyard . we be with matryona as the truck move off . from she pov we see khrustalyov join kobulov in the courtyard . they get smaller and smaller in the distance . kobulov shoot khrustalyov in the head . other landmine go off . CUT to : int . khrushchev' apartment /malenkov's apartment - early 99 evening khrushchev be chopping vegetable . a tired bulganin be sit at the kitchen table . khrushchev so ... beria 's introduce ' special measure ' to ' reduce the panic ' ? carrot . he look at bulganin , meaningfully , as if sounding he out . bulganin pass he a couple of carrot . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) it 's good to prepare , get everything ready . he look at bulganin , meaningfully , as if sounding he out . bulganin be we talk about beria or the stroganoff ? khrushchev go over to he wash machine . khrushchev I build a big factory make this . khrushchev turn it on . it make a terrifyingly loud noise . bulganin ( shouting over it ) if Russia be a noise , then that would be it . khrushchev not so good for wash clothes . very useful for '' conversation '' .. about beria . 20 May 2016 draft 10 59 . a pause . bulganin look , it 's important someone take control . khrushchev someone like beria ? the conversation be suddenly significant . bulganin come up to khrushchev so they can talk quietly . bulganin it should certainly be someone who have the support of all part of the party . khrushchev like beria ? bulganin well certainly one of we . khrushchev so ... maybe not beria ? bulganin you be very good with that knife . it 's ... khrushchev ( interrupt ) I be say ... maybe not be beria ... we should get rid of he . bulganin yes . yes ! and soon ! punish he ! stick he in a room with twelve big hungry , horny serbian ! suddenly the wash machine come to a juddery stop , interrupt bulganin . the man stare at one another in panic . khrushchev taste a spoonful of food , not yet ready to eat . khrushchev mmm . that be good . delicious . the machine start again . khrushchev spit out the food . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) feh ! Raw ! bulganin we should take act class . if stalin have not kill all the actor . ( more ) 20 May 2016 draft 10 60 . bulganin ( cont 'd ) look , I want to come on board , but we do not have the number . suddenly the phone ring . have someone be listen in ? tentatively bulganin answer as khrushchev add some of the vegetable to a pot on the stove . we see malenkov , mikoyan stand next to he , by the window of he apartment . malenkov ( on phone ) be you be factional ? bulganin we be cooking some food . khrushchev grab the phone . malenkov I can see you , you know . we cut to reveal the two apartment window look on to each other , very close in distance . we see khrushchev in one window , malenkov in the other . malenkov ( cont ’d ) look like factionalism to I . khrushchev grab a spoonful of stew and stand at the window theatrically eat it . khrushchev tastes like lamb stroganoff to I . khrushchev hang up . malenkov listen , I be act secretary general and I be - oh , he 's go . mikoyan Jesus , squeal any higher and you will burst you hymen . malenkov they be be factional mikoyan so be we . malenkov I be acting General Secretary . how can I be plotting against myself ? khrushchev close the blind . 100 101 20 May 2016 draft 10 61 . khrushchev on the committee it 's you , I , kaganovich . Three against three . but there 's also molotov . bulganin but he 's on the ... ( mime '' headshot '' ) ...list . khrushchev we tell he - beria put he there . beria kill he wife . molotov 's revenge get we four . khrushchev go through to another room , and peer outside through a window . his Pov : in a different block to malenkov 's , molotov stare out of he window , grief-strick . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) ( epiphany ) he 's at home . I have better get over there before beria and he sausage - face clown do .... the wash machine stop again . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) ( furious , to the machine ) you piece of metal shit ! ( to bulganin ) look after the food ... he rush off , full of urgency . bulganin what do I do ? add salt , right ? that 's what people who can cook do . we hear khrushchev shouting back as he go . khrushchev ( 0.s. ) recipe book 's under the sink ! ext . apartment block - courtyard - early evening 100 khrushchev hurry down the stair , out across the courtyard to molotov 's stairwell opposite . the elevator 's at the second floor and rise . he 's out of breath but he 's on a mission . he take the stair . int . lubyanka prison - cell - early evening 101 prisoner Pov of beria 's face . he 's close again . too close . he 's quietly sing a traditional Russian folk song . 20 May 2016 draft 10 62 . beria " in a field a birch tree stand ... " no ? come , you voice be once so beautiful , paulina molitova . he click he finger , '' remember '' . beria ( cont 'd ) oh yes . meant to say . stalin 's dead ! we open up to reveal a woman - polina - in she late 5as , sit in a tiny , barren cell . she look haggard , wreck . polina ( shocked ) no! we stalin ? beria yes , '' you '' stalin . the one who put you here . the waitress and a nkvd guard be also in the cell . beria haul polina up . she do not resist . beria ( cont 'd ) come ! let 's smarten you up . ( to waitress ) sorry , darling . work . i’1l make it up to you . ( to guard ) fetch the mattress and have she wash . he walk polina out while ilyin and another nkvd man bring in flower , a rug and a jug . 102 int . lubyanka prison - corridor - early evening 102 beria lead polina down a corridor . a nkvd guard come the other way , with slimonov , handcuff . beria s...s ... limonov , be not it ? slimonov yes , sir . beria f..f..f£.. farewell , slimonov ! slimonov be lead away . CUT to : 103 104 105 20 May 2016 draft 10 63. int . apartment block - stairwell - early evening 103 khrushchev wheeze up three flight , pause for breath before disappear onto molotov 's landing . int . apartment block - landing - early evening 104 khrushchev , exhaust and sweaty , reach molotov 's door and knock . he try to compose himself but look quite ill . molotov open the door . he 's be cry . khrushchev barrel through , pull molotov with he . molotov Christ , you look like you be about to be bulldoze into a lime pit . int . molotov's apartment - toilet - early evening 105 a few moment later . khrushchev be over the toilet bowl . molotov be stand behind he . molotov do you want I to hold back you hair ? polina always use to do that for I . khrushchev I ... want to invite you to tomorrow 's committee meeting ... molotov ( snap back ) why would not I be at the meeting ? khrushchev flush . khrushchev beria and stalin put you on a list . molotov ( shocked , hurt ) stalin ? I must have wronge he so badly ... khrushchev be you crack ? beria want you out . but listen . we can honour he legacy by make sure beria do not ... molotov oh ! no , no , no . this sound like factionalism , nicky . stalin do not like ... 20 May 2016 draft 10 64 . khrushchev ( lose it ) stalin 's dead . it 's over . we have to act . molotov ( cry ) I can not believe he 's go ... khrushchev try to flush the toilet again . the cistern have not fill up yet . he try a couple more time . molotov ( cont ’d ) it take a while to ... khrushchev give up , keep he voice down instead . khrushchev come on . that fuck slug beria have you wife kill . he can not be trust ... 106 int . molotov's apartment - toilet / corridor - early evening06 molotov and khrushchev walk back towards the live room . molotov she betrayed stalin and she betrayed I . beria ( 0.s. ) housekeep ! 107 int . molotov's apartment - live room - early evening 107 molotov and khrushchev come through into the live room to find beria . everyone 's surprised . beria / khrushchev/molotov ( at the same time ) what be you do here ? khrushchev we be just chat about polina . beria well , would you believe it ?.. molotov the treacherous bitch . beria .«.. or : a wronge woman who be frame . 20 May 2016 draft 10 65 . khrushchev come on , stalin find she guilty ! she collaborate with the zionist . polina 's at the doorway . only beria can see she . this be not go to plan . molotov she be a criminal . I be glad she 's dead ... molotov notice she in the doorway . they look at each other . the barrier drop - it 's clear he still love she . khrushchev ( have not see she yet ) she plotted to poison stalin ... he see molotov head towards polina . he can not believe it . molotov be it really you ? polina ( full of love ) I be back , vyacheslav . they hug , emotional . beria enjoy it . khrushchev try to dig himself out of he hole . khrushchev but the evidence be flimsy . no witness , no corroboration ... no ... khrushchev give up . beria put he arm round molotov and polina . it become a group hug . beria ( to molotov ) I keep she safe . for you , vyacheslav . ( to polina ) and I keep he safe . for you , polina . beria throw a victorious glance at khrushchev . molotov break down , overwhelm . khrushchev tentatively join the group hug . khrushchev well do . well do , everyone . CUT to : 108 109 112 113 20 May 2016 draft 10 66 . int . lubyanka - cell - night 108 music : rachmaninoff ' hail , o virgin mother ' from ' vesper ' op.37 the young waitress from the dacha hunch on the bed of the spruce up cell . the door open . beria be there with flower . beria hello , my sweet . he move to the table , where a bottle of wine have be uncork . he sniff it lasciviously , eyeing she leg . beria ( cont 'd ) mm. everything at room temperature . oh , lighten up . it could be worse . be warn . int . apartment block - khrushchev be flat - night 109 a miserable khrushchev eat the stroganoff , occasionally look out across the courtyard at the molotovs , arm in arm . Nina have a mouthful . grim . khrushchev see she disgust , silently pick up both plate , scrape they into a bin . ext. / int . lubyanka entrance onto STREET - night 110 the waitress ' frighten parent wait . she appear - distraught , stoical . a nkvd guard hand the parent beria 's bouquet . they hurry off . archive material 2 . 111 russia in mourning . a red flag with black border fly above the wall of the kremlin . Beyond it : Moscow , with more red - and - black flag . ext . kremlin / moscow STREET - day 112 we footage : nkvd arriving in vehicle , taking up post / making roadblocks on moscow street . music end . ext . kremlin - STREET - day 113 a Zis limousine arrive at the kremlin . 114 20 May 2016 draft 10 67 . int . kremlin - row of 3 interconnecting room - day 114 beria walk jauntily through connect doorway from the far end . int . kremlin - near end of interconnecting room - day 115 malenkov be make up to look like a leader . he 's uncomfortable under studio light as the photographer snap away and staffer bustle in and out with business . two make - up artist blotting and repair he make -up . pervak comrade , I have schedule telephone call later with ... malenkov then tell I later . beria arrive , look at malenkov and laugh . beria almost perfect . perhaps ... a apple just here , in the mouth ? chuckle , malenkov wipe he face with a towel . malenkov I have something to tell you . ( over shoulder ) I ’1ll be back shortly ! a smile malenkov grab beria and walk stiffly with he into the middle room . he drop the smile to show he fury . malenkov ( cont ’d ) do not you ever , ever , do that again . humiliate I in front of ... I be the General Secretary ! beria ( deferential ) I be mortify . genuinely . malenkov look my best for the people be a duty . malenkov walk through the middle room and into the third room . his walk still seem a little stiff . beria of course . shall we ... malenkov ( spot pervak ) what now ? 20 May 2016 draft 10 68 . pervak apology . the seating plan for ... malenkov give it to blavatsky . he 's a expert at sit on he ass . beria shall we get onto .. malenkov yes , the committee meeting . item one . the list . this arrest and '' interrogation '' . do we just take they down a gear , or .... beria hold off altogether ? malenkov what , '' freeze '' they ? beria '' freeze '' ? excellent think . yes , we could freeze arrest , maybe even release some low - level prisoner ? malenkov oh , fuck I . really ? be this what the old man would have want ? beria stalin be radical and popular . malenkov liberalisation would be radical . now delove have edge a little way into the room . malenkov ( cont ’d ) I will address whatever horseshit you have , presently ! beria no , this be something I want to show you . beria walk stiffly to the third room . malenkov follow , as if he be go to do anyway . delove produce on a stand a iconic photograph of stalin hugging a young girl on a balcony . beria ( cont 'd ) I think , a photo of you and the girl . Continuity ? 20 May 2016 draft 10 69 . malenkov ( delighted ) good idea . we show how we be take stalin 's humanity forward ... beria ( to delove ) find this girl . they leave the room . 116 int . weird - looking kremlin room or corridor - day 116 moment later . malenkov and beria walk to the meeting . malenkov my chief concern be admit we be wrong . all that arrest . and death ... beria we be be loyal . I promote stalin 's truth without question . I can promote a new truth without blink . a unblink beat . beria ( cont 'd ) so , I 'il push on with the release ? malenkov alright , but proceed carefully . beria of course . malenkov fuck this up and I 'il have you shot . beria say nothing . malenkov ( cont ’d ) just joke . I be testing you . beria be that a corset ? angle on malenkov 's body . a girdle be apparent . malenkov it 's a girdle . different thing altogether . beria you wear it well . 20 May 2016 draft 10 70 . malenkov but not worth raise with the Committee . ext . kremlin - STREET - day 117 several more Zis limousine arrive at the kremlin . int . kremlin - meeting room n°1 - day 118 the committee sit at a table in a impressive , high - ceiling room . malenkov be at the head of the table with he new hairdo and a smart new outfit . the room be dominate by a giant portrait of stalin . beria so , in accordance with ... ( be portrait ) .-- he will , I propose comrade malenkov be name Chairman of the Council of minister . and General Secretary of the Party . malenkov ( pompous nod ) and I propose comrade beria for first vice - Chairman , Council of minister . that in favour . beria , malenkov and mikoyan instantly put they hand up . khrushchev wait . that be two separate proposal . comrade beria be incredibly busy combine he role as Minister for both the Interior and Security . it would perhaps be kinder for someone else to carry the happy burden of vice - Chairman . beria I thank comrade khrushchev for he concern but I can assure you that I be capable of do two thing at once . khrushchev well , it would actually be three thing . malenkov let 's move to a vote . ( to beria ) on both proposal ? beria gesticulates as if to say ' up to you ' . 20 May 2016 draft 10 71 . malenkov ( cont ’d ) yes , on both . I as General Secretary and comrade beria as vice - Chairman . all that in favour ? malenkov , beria and mikoyan raise they hand . molotov join they , then bulganin and kaganovich . malenkov ( cont ’d ) carry ... grudgingly , khrushchev raise he hand . malenkov ( cont ’d ) ..+- unanimously . next ... beria ( interrupt ) we need someone to take charge of the funeral . molotov what about comrade khrushchev ? khrushchev ( look at beria ) where 's this come from ? malenkov yes , good think . beria I formally propose that comrade khrushchev be give the honour of organise the funeral . khrushchev ( to beria ) but that will tie up all of my time , will not it ? beria if I can do three job at once , you can at least do two . khrushchev but I need to be ... molotov ( interrupt ) you want to honour he legacy . you tell I last night , in the bathroom . molotov wink at khrushchev : he 's do he a great favour . malenkov / beria all that in favour .. 20 May 2016 draft 10 72. again , molotov , beria , malenkov and mikoyan raise they hand . kaganovich decide to raise he hand . kaganovich ( justify himself ) you would be good at it . bulganin raise he hand . malenkov carry ... u... una ... then , grudgingly again , khrushchev . malenkov ( cont ’d ) .- carry unanimously . khrushchev thank you . I shall remember this . beria look to malenkov . malenkov ( try to be formal ) comrade beria . beria clear he throat , look extravagantly at ease . beria I propose a halt to deportation . the release of some exist detainee . and the suspension of arrest officially sanction three day ago ... molotov , khrushchev , kaganovich and bulganin be shocked . mikoyan you dare wipe you shitting arse on stalin 's list !? bulganin let 's all stay calm ... although what you just say be utterly ridiculous . beria ( angry ) one of you look I in the eye and tell I you be not heartsick at the relentless , pointless arrest . death after death after death . a charge beat as he look around the room , defiant . malenkov gentlemen , I believe we must embrace a new reality . 20 May 2016 draft 10 73 . malenkov ( cont ’d ) ( '' wanker '' mime ) yeah . '' embrace '' it ... kaganovich how be we go to explain all the people you very comprehensively arrest in the first place ? beria if there be error , if people misguide we then we punish that who do the misguide ... mikoyan arrest anyone who carry out a wrongful arrest ? lavrentiy , come on . we all sign off on that shit ... malenkov ( think he can be commanding ) stalin destroy the status quo and build a new one . he be radical . khrushchev this be deliberately be rush through . we do not have time to .. beria I think you be in favour of a more liberal approach , comrade reformer . khrushchev remain silent , roiling with conflict emotion . malenkov we must step back ... beria all that in favour ... malenkov ( interrupt ) ...of pause the arrest and execution and so on ? malenkov and beria raise they arm . mikoyan , reluctantly , join they . bulganin , khrushchev and kaganovich look at molotov . molotov I have always be loyal to stalin . always . and this arrest be authorise by stalin . 20 May 2016 draft 10 74 . the rest of the committee follow molotov 's lengthy logic with increase frustration . molotov ( cont ’d ) but stalin be always loyal to the collective leadership . that be true loyalty . but he have a iron principle , undeviate , strong . should not we do the same , and stick to what we believe in ? no . it 's stronger still to forge one 's own belief into the belief of collective leadership . ( a beat ) which I have now do . molotov raise he hand . kaganovich and bulganin raise theirs . finally , khrushchev raise he hand . malenkov carry ... beria good , I will oversee ... malenkov ( interrupt ) unanimously . beria I will oversee the release . we have unloosen the Union 's great corset . nikita , you have some swatch and bouquet to look at . a funeral do not organise itself . we stay on khrushchev as molotov lean over . malenkov prattles on in the background . molotov ( to khrushchev ) you have win ! do he proud . malenkov ( in background ) beria , I want you to put together a communique for the press . I will supervise the transfer of the body . comrade bulganin , tell the army ; comrade mikoyan , the factory and the union ... CUT to : 119 ext . gulag - prison yard - day twenty prisoner , include the shot by 5 guard and chasov . 119 nervous man , line up to be 120 20 May 2016 draft 10 75 . prisoner Long live stalin ! chasov comrade stalin 's dead . comrade malenkov 's in charge now . prisoner Long live mal ... chasov shoot he just as a nkvd officer , shulga run up . shulga stop shoot ! chasov turn , but fire off one more shot . it kill the nervous man , who slump dead in the background . shulga ( cont 'd ) ( indicate list ) amnesty effective immediately . order of comrade beria . we be pull out . they hurry off to join they colleague . the nkvd 's mobilise , head off . the prisoner be leave , confuse . CUT to : int . house of the trade union - hall of column - day 120 Close - up of stalin 's face in he coffin . pull out and high to reveal enormous hall with people bustling , make last- minute preparation . the undertaker 's finish touch : do make - up , hair , moustache , polish button . huge flag hang from the ceiling . more be be rig . swathes of red , and flower , everywhere . beria and malenkov stroll along the other side of the hall . beria interrogation be on hold . first time we have have a chance to bleach the cell . also , I have sign off a few amnesty . petty thief , harmless idiot ... mezhnikov ( mid 5as , fussy ) , the designer responsible for the funeral , stand beside a frustrated khrushchev ( in a red armband with black border ) at the head of stalin 's coffin . mezhnikov now , curtain . ruched or not ruched ? 20 May 2016 draft 10 76 . khrushchev ruched ? what the fuck be ruched ? mezhnikov demonstrate with the material under the coffin . mezhnikov ruched . not ruched . ruched . not ruched . khrushchev why should I care ? while you be hide in you mama 's linen closet I be at stalingrad ! I eat rat . Raw rat . do not even cook they ! behind he , a nervous group of steelworkers . awkward , overaw . khrushchev in he element with the steelworker . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) ah , the steelworker . some real man ! lad , come , come ! malenkov move over to assert he authority . beria spot a line of girl and move over to they . malenkov Iron and steel be the very foundation of ... khrushchev ( to steelworker ) Iron ? iron ? derisory laughter . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) capitalism be build on iron . steel - be the 20th century . the Soviet Union be make of steel ! and this ! men! make it ! huge wave of suppress applause , catch between joyous approval of khrushchev and the solemnity of the place . delove arrive with a group of sweet , very Russian - look girl , age 7 - 9 . malenkov you find my girl ? delov we can not find she , comrade minis ... comrade General Secretary . this be suggest alternative . malenkov ( to khrushchev ) find she ! 20 May 2016 draft 10 77 . khrushchev I think you bastard know where everyone be ! find she , camel-cock ! pervak be stand awkwardly behind he with Maria yudina , the pianist . khrushchev turn and switch into chivalrous mode . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) Maria veniaminovna . please . forgive my language , but he be ... one of that . this ... he gesture towards malenkov who hold out he hand but she 's see stalin in he coffin . it hit she . maria stalin ! khrushchev yes . stalin . malenkov be leave hang . he join in the solemn moment . malenkov sad time . thank you for come . maria oh , I can not tell you ... the intensity of emotion when I hear . General zhukhov - 57 , impose , cover in medal - stride to the coffin , booming greeting to officer in the hall . he 's follow by some of he entourage . zhukhov if it be not for this man , I would not be here today . - he leat I he driver ! hah ! ( to pervak ) pervak ! handsome as ever ! put you in a frock , I would marry you myself ! beria ( return ) ah , the generalissimo . zhukhov so , what do a war hero have to do to get some lubrication round here ? ( grab one out of delove 's hand ) Christ ! where 's this from , a Polish flamethrower ? tastes like piss ... slow -mo on Zhukhov as he drawl out ' piss ' with the caption : 20 May 2016 draft 10 78 . '' field marshal zhukhov , head of the soviet army " . back to normal speed : as the other talk , mezhnikov show malenkov a choice of two portrait of he on board to pick from . Zhukhov reach the other . he kiss zhukhov ( cont 'd ) nikita ! sorry to hear about you wife 's affair ! ( off he reaction ) she have not have one yet but God , I like the look of she . hah ! khrushchev yes , she be ... pretty . beria Zhukhov . so rare to see you away from a mirror . zhukhov beria . must be such a ... ( be coffin ) ..- difficult time for you , hide you happiness at a promotion . ( to khrushchev ) who stand down the army ? why have my man be send back to they barrack ? I be smile but I be very fuck furious . beria ( notice Maria ) perhaps comrade yudina should prepare that precious hand . khrushchev Maria , I be mortify I can not escort you , but ... she hand . beria how very friendly . you never kiss my hand anymore . maria so lovely to see you again , comrade khrushchev . beria again ? 20 May 2016 draft 10 79 . maria I teach he wife 's niece to play . khrushchev katya ! yes , we be both at the salon recital ... beria oh , I love the idea of you at a '' salon '' . you have a party trick ? burp the alphabet ? she set off , pass beria who whisper at she . beria ( cont 'd ) so many ... ( mime piano - play ) ..- note . like you one to stalin . which I have . she look back as she walk away , rattle . zhukhov so who confine the army to barrack ? khrushchev that nonsense be not sign off by the whole committee . zhukhov ah , so it be only one idiot , not the full set . malenkov have choose the portrait he like . he join they . malenkov what 's go on ? zhukhov talk of the devil . beria ( to Zhukhov ) the decision be mine support by comrade malenkov ... malenkov ( not sure what they be discuss ) we take a view . and make a decision ... beria we be discuss the city security . malenkov I know . 20 May 2016 draft 10 80 . zhukhov ( about malenkov 's hair ) Christ , do Coco chanel shit on you head ? ( to beria ) Moscow will be boil with people . you pansy torturer will not cope , you know . that 's a job for men . beria oh , I have plenty . nkvd and the ... malenkov Interior troops . merged now , into this '' kgb '' ... zhukhov ( kissy lip ) '' kgb '' . even sound like a bunch of nancy . beria we be control the crowd at source . all train inbound to Moscow have be cancel ... khrushchev ( interrupt ) but ... I be the train ! I be the fuck funeral , I ... I should have be ask . girl ( to khrushchev ) please , sir. I need to go ... malenkov I think she need the toilet . zhukhov ( to malenkov ) you need the army here . not beria 's keystone cop . beria maybe we should see who can mobilise first . oh . it seem to be I ... he head off before Zhukhov can answer . malenkov ( to Zhukhov ) we have get this under control . ( to khrushchev ) you : find I the right girl . ( to little girl ) ( more ) 121 122 123 124 20 May 2016 draft 10 81. malenkov ( cont 'd ) and you : go to that lady over there and she will take you to the toilet . he set off after beria . delove head off with the girl . zhukhov I need to punch someone . khrushchev May I suggest ... khrushchev nod at a stack of board with a portrait of a very airbrush malenkov be carry past . zhukhov he look like my auntie after two peach brandy . mezhnikov ( call from by the door ) we be open the door ! a line of men in colourful AIR force / navy uniform take position at interval from the door to the coffin and beyond . we hear a large crowd come up the stair . they pour in through the door , a tidal wave of grieve humanity . CUT to : ext . hall of column - day 121 we footage of queue outside the Hall of column . mix into : archive material 3 . 122 footage of crowd gather all over Russia . ext . dingy courtyard outside moscow - day 123 we Kiev footage of people leave they house , traipsing down Moscow street . we focus on a family ; a mother , father and they two young child . ext . railway track - day 124 poor people , many in tear , walk along track , towards a barrier . nkvd men with machine gun stand by . they senior officer be fedin . 125 126 127 128 20 May 2016 draft 10 82. fedin no train to Moscow ! no ... go ... go back to you home ... the crowd of people turn around and trudge purposefully along the railway track . among they be the family we see in scl123 . ext . house of the trade union - day 125 we shot of crowd grow outside . mix with : archive material 4 . 126 footage of huge crowd snaking up the stair . mix with : int . house of the trade union - day 127 we footage of the queue filing past stalin . int . hall of column - balcony - day 128 svetlana chat to bulganin and mikoyan , who clearly have to be somewhere else but feel oblige to talk to she . svetlana ..- papa always speak with great fondness of you two . '' my hammer and sickle '' he always use to say , although I be never sure which ... bulganin never hear that before . how ... gratify . mikoyan I would be the sickle . sharp . poor comrade bulganin here ... well , see he even have a head like the blunt end of a ball hammer ... svetlana ( off polite laughter ) my father always use to say go to you two when I need advice . bulganin oh . svetlana ..or help ... 20 May 2016 draft 10 83. mikoyan svetlana ( a hand on each ) '' they be true and loyal man . '' mikoyan any time . any time at all . sorry , we have to take we place . svetlana alone . she lean over a balustrade , watch the grieve crowd . beria join she . svetlana this be ... real . nobody 's make they do this . in the crowd below : grandmother sob ; a sailor remove he hat out of respect but drop it . the crowd keep move and he scrabble he way back to try and get he hat . beria I do not suppose you want a chair ? beria signal to a nkvd man who approach with a chair . svetlana I have not sit down since he die . he be too big . you have to stand . beria ( what ? ) yes . beria signal '' no '' . the nkvd man leave with the chair . svetlana do you remember yuri ? beria ( no ) I remember everyone . it 's a gift . svetlana I love he . beria ( suddenly remember ) yuri Zhednov ! yes , special to you , I know . some unsuitable associate . tragic , really . I be so sorry . svetlana I want you to bring he back . 129 130 131 20 May 2016 draft 10 84. beria ( be you mad ? ) but , my chick , how ? svetlana you bring molotov 's wife back . beria she be ... I would keep she ..... svetlana you be return so many people to they home . I want one person . be that really too much ? a beat . beria for you , I will attempt the impossible . he open he arm to she . she awkwardly step into they . svetlana thank you . beria I hate see you sad . svetlana ( awkward ) I hate that you hate see I sad . they hug awkwardly . int . hall of column - day 129 the crowd file past the coffin : ordinary citizen mingle with representative from nation and region carry demarcate floral tribute . andreyev and sergei supervise the music from a balcony . archive material 5 . 130 footage of delegation , floral tribute , ceremonies all over soviet union , queue , people coming up stair . int . hall of column - day 131 our footage of the committee : molotov , kaganovich , bulganin , khrushchev , malenkov , beria and , close to the public , mikoyan , who 's cry . a large wreath nearly brushes he face . he sneeze . a film crew be recording . 20 May 2016 draft 10 85 . mikoyan ( sotto ) Fucking pollen . they should make gas bomb with this stuff . molotov , sobbing heavily , look across , see he . molotov I know . I know ... the wreath and bouquet be get absurdly big . one - with the message " from the grieve people of Uzbekistan " on it - only just fit through the large double doorway . beria ( to malenkov ) I think that 's actually larger than the region itself . malenkov 's little involuntary laugh . molotov see , disapprove . malenkov ( chide beria ) inappropriate . the uzbek bouquet make its way past . on the staircase , some mitre bob up and down , some very wear . a group of orthodox bishop approach in full regalia . shock whisper from committee member . not beria . malenkov ( cont ’d ) no ! kaganovich Jesus Christ ! it 's the bishop ! khrushchev what be this bastard do at my fucking funeral ? bulganin do I dream the last 36 year ? be we do the revolution again from the start ? mikoyan the Church belong where we leave it . in a ditch . molotov tell mikoyan to sneeze on the bastard as they go past . khrushchev ( to malenkov ) do you invite they ? 20 May 2016 draft 10 86 . malenkov no ! khrushchev ask beria if it be he . malenkov do not order I around . ( to bulganin ) ask beria if he invite the fuck bishop . bulganin ( to beria ) do you invite the fuck bishop ? beria yes . bulganin turn back , chew over beria 's answer . khrushchev well ? bulganin nod to malenkov . malenkov yes . he do . khrushchev I be go to give everyone in Red Square a voucher permit one kick each to he stupid face . beria ( to bulganin ) be he ask for more delicious hay ? bulganin no . he say something quite complicated about a voucher system . khrushchev this be rehabili ... listen to I ! this be rehabilitation of the most counter revolutionary element ! he can not do that without the committee . malenkov ( take over from bulganin ) he say you can not do it without the committee . which be true ... 20 May 2016 draft 10 87 . beria ( interrupt ) I can cancel house arrest under article 31 . malenkov realise he be right . malenkov ( to khrushchev ) he can in fact cancel house arrest under article 31 . the camera crew be on they again . they all look as solemn as they can . the bishop pass the coffin , make the sign of the cross . khrushchev ( to malenkov ) tell he that I ... actually , swap ... swap ... malenkov no ! khrushchev swap ! malenkov no ! khrushchev we can make it look like it 's part of the ceremony . a dignify khrushchev step forward . malenkov motionless , stare at navy officer struggle to get a too-high wreath through the door . the officer back up , then advance solemnly in a squatting position . the wreath low enough to go through but still too wide . khrushchev ease back into line . beria ( whisper to khrushchev ) if only someone have check ... the navy officer back up again with the wreath , then walk in with it sideways and squatting . suddenly , a angry voice , away from the crowd . vasily , in full uniform , drunk , try to get to the coffin . argue with senior nkvd officer , one of whom have a loudhailer . vasily they be murderer ! murderer ! give I you loudhailer !... 132 20 May 2016 draft 10 88. from they balcony , andreyev and sergei see vasily . sergei turn up a dial and the music grow louder . beria ( whisper to khrushchev ) do you forget to give he he sedative ? vasily .»- if you do not hand it over I will shove it so far up you arse you fart will deafen Moscow ! ( to Committee ) .»--i know you kill my father ! khrushchev ( whisper to bulganin ) tell they to get the steel worker . ( to malenkov ) we have to go !... the whisper go from bulganin to kaganovich to molotov to tarasov , who hurry off . vasily , now restrain , get louder . vasily I will avenge my father , you buttoned - up sack of shit ! some of the crowd be start to notice . sergei raise the volume a bit more . andreyev do not record this ! int . hall of column - waiting room - day 132 a group of steel worker chat and smoke , put on new overall and cap bear the hammer and sickle . some have medal . tarasov run in . tarasov Quick ! we need you now ! now ! the steel worker be confuse - they be not ready . tarasov ( cont ’d ) be you actually make of steel ? now ! move ! the nkvd bundle they outside as , frenzied , they put out cigarettes , haul on jacket and , in one case , trousers . 133 134 20 May 2016 draft 10 89 . int . hall of column - day 133 the steel worker emerge in a rush , try to look dignify . some be still hopping along , get dress . vasily struggle with officer . one have he hand over vasily 's mouth . a bite - ouch - he let go . beria , over he shoulder , see the steel worker approach . khrushchev move , you hairy - ass sluggards ! they all turn to go . the manoeuvre turn into hesitant chaos . molotov 's in front . vasily liar and revisionist ! you kill stalin ! molotov set off and the other follow he . he 's not set a fast enough pace - that at the back bunch up . molotov decorum , please .. beria faster , you snail . molotov ( to vasily , try to be both quiet and loud ) shhhhhh ! shhhhhushh ! pursue by the nkvd , vasily rush up some stair . beria break from the line , speed - walk until he 's pretty much out of public view then break into a run and head up the staircase . khrushchev follow . int . hall of column - SMALL dignitaries room - day 134 a quiet hold area . some Communist leader include zhou enlai , with they translator . vasily rush in . vasily Friends ! there have be a terrible crime ! Zhou enlai 's translator translate for the chinese leader . vasily ( cont 'd ) my father - they kill he . they get a child to cut out he brain and send it to Washington ! 20 May 2016 draft 10 90 . Zhou enlai 's translator stop , then carry on . vasily ( cont 'd ) they be ruthless monster and sodomite ! the translator be try to get every nuance . a nkvd officer grab vasily and pull he away . vasily ( cont 'd ) .-+. suck the cock and ball of New York Zionist queer in petticoat ... the translator make sure he do the insult justice . 135 int . hall of column - landing or adjoining room - day 135 the nkvd wrestle vasily to the ground . beria and khrushchev arrive . vasily I nil make sure you all stand trial and get garott by you own lookalike in Red Square ... beria vasily . it 's I . beria kneel beside vasily who try to spit at he , but he 's lie down , so the spit just drop back onto he face . vasily syphilitic cannibal ! Zoo animal .. beria I know about the dead hockey team . the pretence . the denial . vasily stop struggle . he 's accept defeat . vasily freak weather . ( calmly ) I want to make a speech at the funeral . beria ( to khrushchev ) he want to make a speech at the funeral . khrushchev oh , more good news . 20 May 2016 draft 10 gl . the dignitary from inside the room quietly file out , and past vasily and co . vasily . I be he son . ( flaring up again , struggle ) let I speak , you howling chimp ... Zhukhov appear , push vasily into the now-vacate dignitary room and punch vasily hard across the face , knock out a tooth . vasily fall to the floor , unconscious . Zhukhov pocket the tooth . zhukhov I will stick it under my pillow tonight . May even make a ruble . he smile at beria - that 's how you sort thing round here . beria notice that svetlana 's watch a few yard away , distress . beria lana ! he 's my godson . I will not let anything happen to he . she turn and hurry off . svetlana something have already happen to he ! beria lana ! ( to a nkvd man ) tell she I will be with she ina moment . the nkvd man set off after svetlana . khrushchev ( grab beria , and make sure no - one else be around in the room ) not yet ! ( close , angry ) you be bring the Church back ? what next ? be the romanovs come ? beria do not be hysterical . we be ina new reality . 20 May 2016 draft 10 92 . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) well do not you sound fancy ? you lock half the nation up . beat they . raped they . kill they . beria yes , and now I be release they . I put so many in jail , there be so many to let go . you will not believe how many will be free . million ! the revolution continue ... khrushchev not true . you be just do it to gain power . you bend and crack the truth , like it be a human body . beria oh , you want the '' truth '' ? let 's start with you call the blameless polina molotova a Zionist spy . in she own apartment . I hear you . and so do my man . he tap he ear to indicate they be listen . khrushchev but she be find guilty . you found she guilty . beria past tense . in that '' old day '' you pine for , nicky , that dissonance would get you shot . khrushchev start to speak , beria cut he off . beria ( cont 'd ) more truth : you call that slut doctor timashuk to stalin 's bedside ... khrushchev that be you idea ! beria you initiate it . again , there be recording . a woman who denounce thousand of innocent doctor . khrushchev be throw . khrushchev we all sign off on that arrest . beria you be old regime , khrushchev . counter-revolutionary . ( more ) 136 20 May 2016 draft 10 93. beria ( cont 'd ) the man who fuck up the flower and invite he bit-on- the-side whore to play at the funeral . even though she swore to kill stalin . who 's now dead . khrushchev what be you talk about ? beria hand he Maria 's note . beria she want stalin dead and she know you family . it 's lucky we now live in the new Soviet Union or you and you wife and child would now be a pile of dust on the floor of a crematorium toilet . khrushchev read the note . the colour drain from he face . int . hall of column - stair - day . 136 khrushchev come back down the stair and into the Hall of column . he see some bishop in the distance , call to a nkvd guard . khrushchev get that boyfriend of Christ out of my sight ! we see the bishop be move away . there be some applause come from a section of the queue . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) I see they agree with I . nkvd guard no , comrade khrushchev , it 's because they have spot he . he gesture over to the applaud section of the crowd . we can just make out beria walk past , enjoy the applause . khrushchev start the train . the people can come to Moscow ! meanwhile beria be enjoy he moment . he 's with kubulov . beria the revolution continue ! ( to kubulov ) now start the other one . CUT to : 137 138 139 140 141 20 May 2016 draft 10 94 . ext . moscow street - day . 137 a black maria pull up . several confuse prisoner , some beat , some of whom we see arrest earlier , get out . the van drive off . CUT to : ext . railway track - night 138 the provincial train track we see earlier . crowd be campe in front of the nkvd and fedin with picture of stalin , candle , flower etc . a whistle blow . train guard for Moscow ! train to Moscow ! people rush forward . CUT to : int . moscow apartment build - night 139 the distinctive design we see earlier . the woman turn away from the window . she 's hear something . the middle - age man who be arrest have return . he 's be beat . she rush over and hug he . his son sit awkwardly in a chair : it 's the young man who betrayed he to the nkvd . CUT to : int . / ext . train on platform - day 140 crowd clamber onto the train , include the family with two child we see earlier . excitement , people clamber on board . train pack full . int . lubyanka - prison cell - day 141 a prisoner and the nkvd interrogator from sc 73 . the cell door open and a soldier point a gun . the interrogator move to allow a clearer shot at the prisoner . but the soldier shoot the interrogator . the prisoner 's relieved moan . the soldier shoot he too , and leave . we hear o.s a succession of unlock door , yell and double-gunshot 142 143 20 May 2016 draft 10 95 . int . kremlin - large staircase - late afternoon 142 khrushchev alone , slowly make he way up the stair . he can hear piano music . someone practice . he be try to find the source . CUT to : int . kremlin - SMALL room - late afternoon 143 a small room full of image of stalin , and some of malenkov . khrushchev ( hold out note ) this you work , be it ? cut to Maria sit as if in a interrogation , but with piano nearby . maria why ? be there spelling mistake ? khrushchev ( suddenly furious ) do not ever speak to I like that again or I will break you finger ! ( wave note ) the ammunition you have give beria . link we . I , my family . do you know what sort of man he be ? maria he 's release people from prison ... khrushchev releasing people be my idea ! he rape child ! do you know that ? he 's murder million . maria have you ? khrushchev have I what ? maria raped child , murder million ? khrushchev I do not rape child ! ( pause , agitate ) I be not beria ! I have ... stand up against we enemy . I have be relentless in my defence of the nation and the party . and I have hate do what I have to do . ( more ) 144 20 May 2016 draft 10 96 . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) hate it . but beria love every minute . I be the reformer , not he ! ( try to calm down ) why do you write that note ? maria stalin kill my parent , my friend , Zinaida Reich , kuperchinski . khrushchev you be friend with kuperchinski ? Christ ! anyone else ?! he 's furious . Maria try to hide she fear . maria I do not know . rovik perhaps ? we be friend . khrushchev rovik ?! how the fuck be you even still alive ? maria comrade . nikita sergeyevich , you know I , I ... khrushchev no I do not know you . do not say I know you . but now beria tie I to you , and you know how this work . they kill you parent , then you sister . and brother . and friend .... maria yes . I know how you all work . for a beat it feel like khrushchev might slap she . int . beria' house - bedroom - night / early evening 144 sparsely furnish . vasily in vest and military trousers , practise he speech . svetlana sit on the bed . vasily my father be a warm and mighty bear ... svetlana he be . he be ... vasily that bear now lie cold . we , 170 million cub , he weep orphan . ( more ) 20 May 2016 draft 10 97 . vasily ( cont 'd ) Russian cub , georgian cub , armenian cub . lithuanian cub ... svetlana do you list every nation ? vasily should I not ? there 's a knock on the door . beria come in . beria how 's my precious guest ? vasily look at he flatly , clearly still mistrustful . svetlana thank you for look after he . beria of course . ( offer he a hip flask ) I bring you something to calm you nerve . vasily hesitates . beria take a swig . beria ( cont 'd ) vasily , I be you godfather . I would never poison you . I would arrange a plane crash or something . ( he laugh , they do not ) vasily you joke be always so .. clench . svetlana take the flask from vasily , give it back to beria . vasily 's about to protest but svetlana 's firm . svetlana ( to vasily , at beria ) we agree we would be presentable at the reception . vasily sulkily agree . vasily I hate be sober . it 's a terrible , terrible mood to be in . she kiss he and leave with beria , who 's impressed . 145 146 20 May 2016 draft 10 98. int . beria' house - corridor - night / early evening 145 ( continuous ) beria and svetlana come out of the room and shut the door . they walk away , leave a nkvd man on guard . beria ( indicate speech ) go to '' reaffirm '' you father 's contract with the people . New rights . New liberty ... svetlana why do everything have to be '' new '' ? they go through into ... int . beria' house - live room - night / early evening 146 ( continuous ) a comfortable live room - the nicest we have see . fireplace , rug , souvenir and gift all over . on a table , a massive file be open . svetlana ... " new '' potato ... '' new '' spring fashion ... '' new '' ... beria hand svetlana a long , long list from the file , indicate a entry . beria yuri 's dead . March 15th , 1949 . attempt escape from kolyma with twelve other . executed . I be sorry ... svetlana burst into tear , crumple . svetlana but ... you say you would bring he back . you ... beria it be not possible ... svetlana you lie to I !... beria it be outside my jurisdiction . he indicate the list . vasily suddenly enter the room , look for the flask . 20 May 2016 draft 10 99 . vasily my mind 's go everywhere , like a million clarinet ! I need ... he 's spot the flask . svetlana , furious , grab it as beria silently signal to the nkvd man to escort vasily back into the room and lock the door . vasily miserably comply . svetlana ( ignore vasily , and read the letter ) sign by the entire Committee . beria ( tenderly ) sit down , svetlana . svetlana I have prefer to ... beria ( kind , forceful ) sit down . svetlana refuse . she 's angry , scared , defiant , pace . beria ( cont 'd ) we have to do some terrible thing for the Union . you father say : always look in the distance , never at the mud and blood at you foot . but , svetlana , if yuri be alive today I have be release he . svetlana so you be say , all that ... ( indicate list ) ..- kill be wrong . beria ( impatient ) many lie be tell . evidence be fabricate . that responsible will be find and ... svetlana shot ? this kill machine be never go to stop , be it ? beria grow up , svetlana ! the world out there be full of dangerous man in uniform and dinner suit . I be offer you and that ... gabbling bowl of moonshine my protection . 147 20 May 2016 draft 10 100 . svetlana we be not child ! ( rethink ) I be not a child ! beria oh you be . and I warn you , svetlana . stay by my side . or you will both be beat inside out and strung up for the crow . by the other . svetlana why should I trust you ? beria because I be the only one who 's tell you - trust no - one else . svetlana can I keep this ? beria of course . svetlana , I be so very sorry . svetlana you be just like my father . she kiss he tenderly on the cheek and leave . he go to a hide door and unlock it . go up some dark and dusty stair , to a small room . we see a mattress , a vase with flower , and a awkward teenage girl , cry . he smile at she . beria oh no . I be here to cheer you up ... int . kremlin reception - MAIN room - night 147 a wall of noise . and body . it 's the end of a dinner . the dignitary have break into group to smoke , drink and chat . Maria 's play chopin . we be with khrushchev as he weave he way round . Zhukhov be regaling dignitaries with a war story . zhukhov the great enemy any soldier have to face ? it 's not gun , or fear , or hunger . it 's chafing ... svetlana be with vasily who 's smarten up and sober up . she scan the room . 20 May 2016 draft 10 101 . vasily I have make enemy of everyone here . oh Christ , sober 's hard . svetlana ( encourage ) you be do well . I almost believe that smile . vasily it 's easy . all I have to do be say hello , shake they hand , and not call they cunt . the hungarian president come up to they , shake hand . vasily 's about to say something ... we be now with beria as he enter the room , create a gravitational pull . back with vasily and svetlana . hungarian president all of hungary send you we deep condolence . anything you want from we , just ask . svetlana vasily , anything you want from hungary ? vasily a horse , I would like . Big horse . khrushchev come into the room and look around . delov come up to he with a spotty , awkward teenage girl . delov comrade Minister . I have find she . khrushchev look at she , full of contempt . khrushchev she 's too big ! she look like a baby giraffe fall down some stair . delove take she away . kaganovich and bulganin join khrushchev . kaganovich Heard you be '' canoodle '' with the pianist ? bulganin yeah , she give it plenty of leave hand , nicky ? 20 May 2016 draft 10 102 . kaganovich do she sit on you presidium ? khrushchev ( ignore they ) this be classic beria . nail the woman as a spy , link she to the man , nail the man . I need someone with a army . now ! svetlana spot mikoyan . he try to avoid she gaze , but she 's insistent . svetlana comrade sickle ! you look very dash tonight ! mikoyan ( disdain vasily ) thank you . I hope you brother be not armed this evening ... svetlana he 's not even load ! vasily fuck I ! mikoyan pretend he 's be call away . he 's off . vasily ( cont 'd ) '' he 's not even load '' ? khrushchev ( join Zhukhov ) comrade field Marshall . a word ? zhukhov I be in the middle of a ... khrushchev steering Zhukhov to a door . khrushchev ( to Zhukhov 's companion ) he either plant the flag on Hitler 's bunker , or knock the bear out with one punch . ( to Zhukhov ) there 's a urgent military matter . he guide he away . zhukhov bloody rude , actually , nicky . it be not Hitler 's bunker , it be Goebbels 's . and it genuinely happen . 148 20 May 2016 draft 10 103 . they pass bulganin , who 's a little agitate . bulganin what 's go on , nicky ? they say the street be heaving with people ... Zhukhov and khrushchev exchange a glance . back with svetlana and vasily . molotov approach , he arm reach out . vasily here 's molotov . a hundred ruble say he call we ' comrade 's then hug we . molotov ( to svetlana and vasily ) comrade ! vasily ( sotto ) I be not kissing he . khrushchev steering Zhukhov to out the doorway of the main reception and across the large stairway . khrushchev ( conspiratorial ) could I count on you if someone we both know be out of control , dangerous ... zhukhov ( sotto ) yes ! want to deal with he for bloody age . I be in . khrushchev show they into ... int . kremlin - empty room - night ( continuous ) 148 khrushchev and Zhukhov be alone . khrushchev ( that be easy ) really ? good . because he 's plan a coup . zhukhov what ? come on , nicky . he 's so piss all the time he can not tell he arse from he windpipe . khrushchev pause . 20 May 2016 vasily ? a beat . draft 10 104 . khrushchev we be talk about the same person . yes ? zhukhov khrushchev ( cont 'd ) beria . zhukhov beria ? well , someone 's grow ball the size of kremlin dome . yes , bravo . bloody beria . how dare that hookworm try to out - manouevre the army ! khrushchev he want to hijack my reform , make the people love he ... zhukhov the people be a pendulum of idiot . they can be make to hate he ... ( click finger ) like that . but listen , nicky ... ( closer ) I have get the soldier . what have you get ..? khrushchev all I have get be the funeral , and flower and fuck train . khrushchev pick up a phone . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) ( down the phone ) get I the Transport Minister ... Zhukhov slamm door , open cupboard . zhukhov you have think there have be vodka . even beancounter drink vodka ... khrushchev ( shushing he ) double the train service into Moscow . he hang up . they head back the stairway to the reception . 149 20 May 2016 draft 10 105 . zhukhov Moscow 's full already . it ’1ll be total bloody chaos . well play , comrade . khrushchev I be the peacemaker round here and I will fuck up anyone who get in my way ! zhukhov cock the size of a atomic bomb . int . kremlin reception - MAIN room ( continuous ) 149 Maria at the piano , play . beria lean in and whisper , clean he glass . beria so what do nikita taste like ? I assume it 's shitty traitor , like you . what do you taste of , I wonder ? she stop play . Dramatic silence . maria I will carry on if you step away from the piano . beria ( innocent , to the room ) I always think that piece end in a odd place ! beria step back from Maria and she carry on play . malenkov be with delove and a little girl who look very like the one from the picture . malenkov smile , sweetheart . the girl reveal terrible tooth . malenkov ( cont ’d ) with you mouth shut ? ( off she close mouth ) Lovely . molotov now I must take my dog out . for a evacuation ! perhaps two ! molotov leave . 150 20 May 2016 draft 10 106 . svetlana ( you be the biggest ) when this be over , go home and drink vodka until you pass out . I never want to see you sober again . ext . narrow moscow street - night 150 we cut from street to street , and see they fill with people . wider shot reveal they come in all direction . horde of people on narrow street , get very crowded . a nkvd colonel , entin be have a quiet cigarette . he look up . at the end of the street , the crowd be head towards he . he 's on a barricade make of truck and armoure car with gun turret , manned by about 20 nkvd soldier . entin motion for the loudhailer . it 's pass to he . he address the crowd . entin halt ! this be a secure area ! return to you home , comrade ! now ! the crowd hesitate but do not stop . some hold image of stalin . woman ( shout ) we have come to see comrade stalin . other in the crowd roar approval . entin please , stop ! or we will have to open fire ! they be still come . the street be jamme , heaving . people strain , cry , child be pass over head . entin ( cont 'd ) ( to he soldier ) on my order , fire over they head . the soldier take aim . one of they shoot in panic . panic in the crowd . entin ( cont 'd ) I have not give the command ! shriek . body be lift . some pick up rock and stone from the street . 151 20 May 2016 draft 10 107 . entin ( cont 'd ) disperse ! go back !... the crowd begin to advance . entin draw he revolver . people start throw rock . one hit entin . he stagger back , bleed . the crowd be almost upon they . entin ( cont 'd ) FIRE ! the soldier and machine gun fire . the soldier reload and keep fire , panic . the scream of the crowd mix with the terrifying gunshot . entin ( cont 'd ) cease FIRE ! cease FIRE ! it stop . entin stare out , horrify . his Pov : pile of body , mostly dead , some wounded : man , woman , child . CUT to : int . kremlin reception / staircase - MAIN room - night 151 note : through this scene , as news of the STREET disturbance spread , the room gradually empties as official be see be instructed to handle the situation . beria approach malenkov , follow closely by khrushchev . malenkov be practice for the photo , hold the girl up . malenkov what 's go on ? beria ( through smile ) that moron put the train back on . rioting crowd . Fifteen hundred dead . malenkov ( put the girl down ) no , you be too heavy . she 's put down and take away . khrushchev beria 's man fire on the crowd . he 's out of control , georgy , I ... beria ( to khrushchev ) what 's between you ear ? sausage ? 20 May 2016 draft 10 108 . malenkov oh , I think I know who the people will blame . ( indicate self ) the poor old shitsack in charge ... khrushchev georgy , look ... malenkov delove , bring the girl back . I need to make a appearance . bulganin perhaps the army should be in charge of the railway station . delove bring the girl back as Zhukhov arrive . zhukhov bit late now , eh beria ? beria they be outside Moscow , on he order ! malenkov my order ? they be ... ( point with girl 's hand ) «.. you order ! and start the train ... ( point at khrushchev ) ...- be he order ! kaganovich so , what be you go to do ? mikoyan ( to girl ) what do you think , darling ? you be the only one make any sense . they all gradually edge out the room to a quieter spot by the staircase . malenkov someone be go to have to be the face of this fuck travesty . beria that 's easy : khrushchev . khrushchev no ! beria you order the train ! 20 May 2016 draft 10 109 . khrushchev and you man shot the people get off they . malenkov he do have a point . beria no he do not . there be no point to nikita khrushchev . malenkov signal - the girl be take away again . malenkov we should blame the security force . hothead officer on the ground ... beria ( to malenkov ) God almighty , can you think ? or can you only pose for portrait ? i. am. Security . you ... ( mimick malenkov 's open - mouth surprise ) -.- baked cod in a haircut . mikoyan oh , say the fuck jelly eel ... bulganin let 's all calm down . ( to malenkov ) even if you do get blame . we close rank . we rehabilitate you , we ... khrushchev yes , it 's the new Soviet Union now ... malenkov for the good of the party I ask ... beria you spineless rat ! fuck you ! you be just a bloat corpse we propped up and stick in a fancy uniform . ( to the room ) you want to blame I ? it 's time all of you realise who keep the dagger out of you fuck back ! show some fuck respect ! I have document on all of you . all of you ! ( to khrushchev ) 13th March , 1937 . Zolotov trial . 42 dead , 173 exile . you signature . 5th October 1946 . ( more ) 20 May 2016 draft 10 110 . beria ( cont 'd ) katzenelson . 63 execute , 219 exile . you signature ... kaganovich beria . enough . beria ( to kaganovich ) radek , skrypny , you own brother . you signature ... he gesture at khrushchev , kaganovich , bulganin and mikoyan . malenkov be stand behind he . beria ( cont 'd ) all of you ! I have see what you have do . it 's a very ! Fucking ! Long ! list ! he scatter some papers on the floor . silence . the committee stare at the papers . bulganin ( head off ) I think I see some brandy out here ... khrushchev lavrentiy . we can put this right . beria ( calming down ) we will meet straight after the funeral tomorrow . we will find out who 's properly to blame for this . arraign the officer who fire . yes ? khrushchev of course . beria head down the stair . the other stand there , still stunne from beria 's outburst . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) we can just demote he . make he Minister responsible for Fishery or something . malenkov do you know what you be say ? khrushchev he 's use you , georgy . he will use you and then he will kill you . you see that papers . 152 153 20 May 2016 draft 10 111 . malenkov he point at you , not I . khrushchev he say '' all of you '' . malenkov I be behind he . he go ( gesture ) '' all of you '' . khrushchev " all of you " . malenkov no . " all of you " . kaganovich ( demonstrate ) he say : " all of you " . malenkov all of you can kiss my arse ! get mme the girl , I be go onto the balcony . ext . kremlin - balcony - night 152 malenkov step onto a balcony with the girl . because he do not lift she up , we can hardly see she . CUT to : ext . / int . OPEN space surrounded by woodland / car - early 153 morning two car park , with they driver some distance away . kaganovich and khrushchev lean against one of the car . khrushchev who will the people blame ? I or beria ? who look like he 's get blood on he boot ? kaganovich ( you ? ) oh , beria . people will definitely blame beria . molotov murderer ! molotov approach on foot , with a small dog . 20 May 2016 draft 10 112 . molotov ( cont ’d ) you have kill hundred , nicky ! you certainly get you big funeral ! khrushchev I regret this already ... molotov ( interrupt ) get in the car . khrushchev what ? molotov can not talk . get in the car . khrushchev and kaganovich share a look - then get in . molotov pull he dog in too . kaganovich ( re dog ) I see she moult . molotov take out a cuddly toy . the dog start bark - loud , irritate - and jump up , try to grab it . molotov this - ( wave the cuddly toy again , to more bark ) - be for any hungry ear ... khrushchev the car be not bugge . we would see wire stretch to Moscow . molotov ( look out ) the driver . so ... ( close , menace ) let 's do he in . khrushchev what ? molotov ( vigorously shake the toy ) beria . the treacherous snake bring back the bishop . and he bring back polina . he expressly ignore stalin 's order . the man have no soul . he order he man to open fire . genius , nicky . 20 May 2016 draft 10 113. khrushchev ( just about keep up with molotov 's logic ) yes , beria 's the murderer here ... kaganovich that who be kill must not die in vain ... molotov this be how the Soviet Union be build . not with bishop . today , beria get a eight - foot crucifix up he arse ! the dog 's still yapping . kaganovich I have have nightmare that make more sense than this . molotov the people who die be martyr . you have to do it in ... the dog have stop bark . molotov wave the toy again and it jump and bark . kaganovich please . can this fuck dog be a martyr ? molotov you have to do it in one go . bang ! like in ' 36 . wo not be easy though . khrushchev Zhukhov 's already get the army sharpen they bayonet ... kaganovich and it 's get to be today . only time the army 's in the capital . molotov excellent . I be in ! khrushchev good , good . we have a majority ! molotov yes ! kaganovich you two , I , bulganin ... 154 20 May 2016 draft 10 114 . molotov ( cut in ) you need malenkov and mikoyan too . khrushchev but ... why ? molotov it 's what stalin would have want . the Committee , as one ! Act fast comrade . Act fast or be dead . ( to dog ) yes . uncle nicky 's go to be dead if he do not get a move on , be not he ? oh yes he be . yes he be ... CUT to : int . mausoleum - day 154 the committee , dignitary , general , svetlana , mezhnikov and kobulov wait in formal dress . the guard coffin be nearby . khrushchev watch uneasily as malenkov joke with beria . svetlana come close . svetlana you promise to protect I and my family ... khrushchev of course . always , my dearest most precious ... svetlana well you do not . she slip he the piece of paper beria give she , leave . beria and Zhukhov appear , surprising khrushchev . beria so. comrade Zhukhov and I have be confer ... khrushchev look appal . have he be betrayed ? zhukhov all chum again now , eh? onward ! beria he 's come up with a plan for vasily 's speech . zhukhov it will go ahead but it '' may '' coincide with the fly-past . 20 May 2016 draft 10 115 . khrushchev ( flood with relief ) hah ! excellent ! that 's a excellent idea ! Zhukhov ! the genius ! zhukhov let 's give the old maniac the send - off he deserve . a general sense of bonhomie . beria put he hand on khrushchev - it 's a reconciliation . he then pat khrushchev 's trousers ... bang , it 's the tomato game again . Zhukhov find it funny . zhukhov ( cont 'd ) it 's what he would have want . kobulov gesture to beria who go over to he , leave malenkov with khrushchev . khrushchev georgy ... a 21 - gun salute begin outside - the signal for the funeral . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) we have to act today . malenkov let 's bury the old man first . khrushchev be about to reply but be interrupt by mezhnikov . mezhnikov comrade ! please take you place for the cortege . khrushchev and he ally take they place around the coffin . beria and malenkov be at the front , next to khrushchev . Zhukhov be directly behind he . zhukhov 3..2 .. malenkov join in , as before , expect Zhukhov to allow he to command the moment . zhukhov /malenkov «el ... zhukhov lift ! malenkov yes , lift , everyone . 155 156 20 May 2016 draft 10 116 . everyone lift and try to get comfortable . some have a shoulder under it , other just a hand . they start walk the coffin forward towards the open door as a cannon fire every few second . khrushchev ( to malenkov ) georgy ! georgy ! ext . red square - emerging from the mausoleum - day 155 ( continuous ) they shuffle out into a solemn Red Square , pack with mourner . Zhukhov still press khrushchev . zhukhov be malenkov on board ? khrushchev georgy 's in . one hundred per cent . zhukhov all or nothing now , nicky , eh ? they be now in full view of the crowd . the pall - bearer shift the coffin on into the mausoleum , help by some soldier . Zhukhov take a step back and salute . we see a extreme long shot of Zhukhov salute . his eye flick upwards . he know he 's be watch . a colonel with bushy eyebrow - brewhnev , on a Red Square rooftop , put down he binocular . khrushchev nod at bulganin and kaganovich : it 's happen . CUT to : ext . mausoleum - balcony - day 156 the balcony on top of lenin 's mausoleum . the committee member and dignitary be stand in a line . molotov ( struggle , in tear ) stalin 's love of ... love of the nation ... the people 's pain ... the pain of the people ... oh ... we pan along leg . chalk mark - initial of who 's to stand where . a technician crouch out of view . khrushchev 's foot scratch a itch on he calf . 157 158 159 160 161 20 May 2016 draft 10 117 . int . corridor from mausoleum to kremlin - day 157 brezhnev and moskalenko walk with briefcase towards some nkvd men by a set of double door . a nkvd lieutenant , pervak salute they . they show papers , hand over pistol , go inside . ext . mausoleum - balcony - day 158 malenkov 's delivery be incredibly dull . malenkov yet we will draw strength from the continuity of the revolution as it go on a on , generation after generation ... yet today we pause in grief , and sorrow . but be not a pause in itself part of the revolution ...? beria look bored . other sway to keep warm . int . kremlin - toilet - day 159 picture of stalin and lenin . brezhnev close the door . both man open up they briefcase to reveal wire , a small red light bulb , electrical equipment . ext . mausoleum - balcony 160 vasily be now at the microphone . he shout into it . vasily my father be a great social scientist ! but we , the people of the Soviet Union , be not laboratory animal ! no ! we be laboratory technician ! the very noisy fly- over begin . he try to shout over it . vasily ( cont 'd ) my father ! you father ! we father ! int . kremlin - toilet - day 161 moskalenko fix the lightbulb to a window frame . brezhnev trail a wire along the edge of the skirt board towards a set of double - door into a larger meeting room , with chair around a long oak table . 162 163 164 165 166 167 20 May 2016 draft 10 118. ext . mausoleum - balcony - day 162 beria speak , malenkov and khrushchev on either side . beria we must embrace we terrible loss with the strength and love for we nation that stalin himself .. int . / ext . kremlin - meeting room / courtyard - day 163 moskalenko hammer a wedge into the window frame , check it 's jamme shut , as nkvd guard listen to beria 's speech in a courtyard outside , they back to the window . brezhnev fasten a button underneath the table , check a wire lead down the table leg and under the carpet . he put a place card - '' comrade General Secretary malenkov " at the head of the table , where the button be . ext . mausoleum - balcony - day 164 beria continue he speech . beria we now carry forward the torch of revolution . I applaud the Central Committee , who have declare georgy maximilianovich malenkov President and General Secretary ... int . kremlin - toilet / meeting room - day 165 brezhnev press the button under the table . moskalenko be by the red bulb . it light up . ext . mausoleum - balcony - day 166 the committee member be feel the cold . beria .- we promise you rights and liberty , bread and peace . everyone in the crowd applaud . a bit too much for malenkov . ext . red square - day 167 the view from the balcony of Red Square - the applaud crowd , the flag , the banner and portrait . 168 169 170 20 May 2016 draft 10 119 . int . kremlin corridor / meeting room - day 168 beria walk cheerfully with molotov , follow by the presidium member , Zhukhov - in army greatcoat - then khrushchev and malenkov . beria " bread and peace " . I know it would work . it be between " peace " and " sausage " . the general and zhukhov reach the nkvd guard at the door . pervak forgive I , comrade . you weapon . khrushchev I think we can rely on the liberator of Berlin to use they weapon appropriately . khrushchev peel off . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) just go to freshen my trousers . int . kremlin - toilet - day 169 khrushchev head into the toilet . brezhnev and he man be all there , wait quietly . nobody say anything . khrushchev pull out svetlana 's yuri note , soile with tomato . CUT to : int . kremlin corridor / meeting room - day 170 khrushchev catch up with malenkov in the corridor ahead of the meeting room . khrushchev discreetly hand malenkov svetlana 's note . khrushchev beria give this to svetlana . let she know what you do to Zhednov . see ? he have shit on all of we . malenkov grow pale . he quickly put the paper in he pocket . malenkov the snake . alright . 171 172 20 May 2016 draft 10 120 . khrushchev I will bring up the emergency motion . there 's a button under the desk at you end . you hit it . yes ? malenkov nod , nervously . malenkov yes . but just a demotion . int . kremlin - toilet - day 171 Zhukhov enter the toilet . open he coat to reveal kalashnikovs . brezhnev smile . a presidium member walk in to go to the toilet . presidium member I do not do any ... a hand be clamp over the presidium member 's mouth . int . / ext . kremlin - meeting room / courtyard - day 172 malenkov be at the head of the table , beria near the window . outside , some nkvd guard patrol the courtyard . beria malenkov . malenkov look at he , unable to say anything . beria ( cont 'd ) let 's start . ( still nothing . he take over ) shall we ? item one . the unfortunate event of yesterday evening ... khrushchev raise he hand . malenkov do not acknowledge he . beria ( cont 'd ) it be clear that the regrettable death of many citizen hasten to the capital ... khrushchev thrust he hand even higher , glare at malenkov . beria ( cont 'd ) ..- have several local cause ... malenkov er , comrade khrushchev have the floor ... beria , perplex , look at malenkov , who avoid he gaze . 20 May 2016 draft 10 121. khrushchev comrade , I propose a new agenda item one . '' the conduct of comrade beria '' . beria can anyone else hear that bark dog ? I have lose my thread now ... malenkov just stare at the table in front of he . khrushchev I accuse comrade beria of centralise power within he Ministry at the expense of the Party and the Central Committee . of betray the Soviet Union to capitalist interest ... beria ( to everyone ) I warn you , nicky . this petulant Wild West stuff will end very badly . khrushchev ( indicate button ) georgy ! georgy ! malenkov just stare forward , unable to move . beria comrade , perhaps there be concern at the speed of we reform . but really , this nonsense ? khrushchev leap up , rush round to the button and hit it hard , knock malenkov out of the way . beria ( cont 'd ) arrest this madman ! he 's out of control ! 173 int . kremlin - toilet - day 173 the red light bulb light up . zhukhov good luck , lady ! 174 int . / ext . kremlin - meeting room / courtyard - day 174 Soldiers burst into the room , lead by Zhukhov . zhukhov hand in the air ! 175 176 177 20 May 2016 draft 10 122. beria put the palm of he hand on the window . the nkvd guard be too far away to see it . ext . kremlin - courtyard - day 175 on beria 's palm , he 's write : " alert " . int . / ext . kremlin - meeting room / courtyard - day 176 Zhukhov point he weapon at beria . zhukhov hand in the air or bullet in the fuck face ! malenkov 's hand go up . khrushchev slap they down in disbelief . beria ( bang on window ) guard !!... Zhukhov hit he in the face with he rifle butt . beria drop to the ground , he pince - nez fly off . Zhukhov get in close . zhukhov see ? you want a job do properly , send for the army . he frisk beria . the other soldier keep they gun on he . malenkov he 's get a knife by he ankle . beria stare at malenkov , who start to cry . int . kremlin - meeting room - day 177 beria be handcuff on a chair , he face a bloody mess . beria georgy ... malenkov , sit across the room , look ashamed . khrushchev ( to malenkov ) say nothing . zhukhov remove he belt . it 's hard for a man to escape when he trousers be fall down . 20 May 2016 draft 10 123. mikoyan leave the man some dignity , please . that suit without a belt would be a disaster ! beria gentlemen , rest assure I sense the strength of feel in the room . zhukhov shut up , you fuck tumour . molotov that man be responsible for the death of hundred of thousand of innocent ... malenkov we all be ... beria exactly . collective guilt . khrushchev comrade , please ... malenkov what happen now ? Zhukhov mime shoot beria . khrushchev Zhukhov ! ( to malenkov ) we wait for Red Square to empty of nkvd ... zhukhov then I give the signal and we roll this barrel of shit out . the door burst open . it 's kobulov and 2 nkvd lieutenant and pervak , armed and carry trays of sandwich and cold meat . they freeze . everyone turn and look at they . Zhukhov clamp he hand over beria 's mouth . kobulov sorry , comrade . wrong room . they turn to go . beria try to call after they . zhukhov that sandwich be curling up anyway . ( to beria ) you lot can not even do catering . ( more ) 178 179 180 181 20 May 2016 draft 10 124. zhukhov ( cont 'd ) ( to room ) let 's go . ext . kremlin - side entrance - day 178 several truck and armoure car drive up . Soldiers leap out and surround the nkvd , who raise they weapon . a army colonel walk over to a nkvd officer . the nkvd officer gesture for the nkvd to lower they gun . the colonel hurry inside , follow by he man , gun cocked . int . moscow apartment build - night 179 the middle - age man arrest earlier be play chess with he son . all be forgiven . the nkvd burst in . wife no! no ! he do not mean anything ! the nkvd march over to the son , grab he and head out . int . kremlin - corridor / store cupboard - day 180 the colonel and he man walk through . kobulov spot they . dive into a store-cupboard . the man head in after he . we hear shot . int . beria' house - bedroom - day 181 vasily lie on the bed in he ceremonial uniform , drink . the door be open by a nkvd officer , who step to one side . a army general , a captain and two soldier enter . the soldier aim they rifle at vasily . vasily no! no ! you can not !... the general fire he pistol into the wall by vasily 's head . vasily ( cont 'd ) you nearly fuck kill I and now I be deaf ! you hear I , I be deaf ! the captain haul vasily up , tear off he epaulet , he medal , button . he 's be disgrace . they drag he out . vasily ( cont 'd ) do you know who I be ? do you know who you be ? who the fuck be you ? 182 183 20 May 2016 draft 10 125 . int . beria' house - live room - day 182 some nkvd officer and beria 's terrify staff be be march out at gunpoint by a group of soldier . vasily 's drag into the live room . the frighten teenage girl be haul out of the hide room . maria be also take out of another lock room . int . / ext . kremlin - meeting room / courtyard - day 183 Zhukhov peek through the curtain . the nkvd have be replace by Red Army soldier . Zhukhov move across to beria and stand he up . take off he belt . zhukhov ok , Judy garland . let 's go . he haul he forward . beria 's trousers start to fall . brezhnev pull they up for he and beria grab they . beria if we could discuss this rationally ... zhukhov ( that 's a good idea ) you be right . we should ... ( gag beria ) '' ooh , what 's happen ? my trousers be round my ankle but my cock 's not inside a orphan ... '' one of the newly -arrive soldier hand Zhukhov a sack . he put it over beria 's head . malenkov hey ! nicky ! we agree . a demotion . khrushchev oh , it 's definitely that , would not you say ? molotov remember when you take polina away ? how you must have enjoy it . I be certainly enjoy this , you cockroach . beria struggle . Zhukhov punch he in the gut . he fold but be hold up by moskalenko and brezhnev . his trousers fall . brezhnev pull up beria 's trousers , put they in he hand . 20 May 2016 draft 10 126 . brewhnev hold they !... khrushchev ( taunting beria ) how 's the meeting go , would you say , comrade sack ? you be on a list now , fucker ! malenkov stop this !... khrushchev i'm the reformer ! beria be lead out the room , battle with he trousers . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) roudenko be in the basement , along with konev ... mikoyan you be put he on trial ? now ? I be disgust ! and slightly impressed at you efficiency , nikki . malenkov this be all totally , totally , beyond any agenda ... mikoyan listen to yourself . what do you think be happen here , georgy ? should someone be take minute ? khrushchev we have to act instantly ... molotov bang the table . molotov bang ! over ! marxism - leninism be bear in flame ! let the fire of we vengeance consume all traitor and bastard ! malenkov no ! I forbid it !... mikoyan you want the nkvd to spring he from jail ? thing have get a bit lively then ... bulganin nobody want civil war . 20 May 2016 draft 10 127. kaganovich he will kill we all ... khrushchev try to hand malenkov a document . khrushchev come on georgy . sign this or we be all dead . malenkov he deserve a trial ! the man deserve a trial !... khrushchev ( furious ) what about tukhachevsky and piatakov and meyerhold and mikhoel ? do not they deserve a trial ? and poor sokolnikov . who begge he to look after he elderly mother . that monster strangle she in front of he . I have kill a lot of people . I do it because it be my duty . that human turd kill for pleasure . khrushchev put a brotherly hand on malenkov 's shoulder . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) georgy , we have go too far now . the only choice we have be between he death or he revenge . malenkov look at he , pale and daze . malenkov I be General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union . khrushchev that 's right . you be . he hand he the document and a pen . malenkov sign it . 184 ext . kremlin - back area - day 184 from a distance we see the general and brezhnev drag beria . his trousers fall and he trip . 185 int . kremlin - windowless room - day 185 a bleak space . a improvise courtroom . on a raise stage : roudenko , mid-40s in a judge 's gown . next to he , Marshall konev . 20 May 2016 draft 10 128 . the presidium and Committee member be there with senior party and military official . armed soldier everywhere . Zhukhov , moskalenko and brezhnev walk beria to the improvise dock . Zhukhov remove the sack and gag . beria you be all witness to a criminal travesty ! think what you like ! you be still witness ! konev keep bang . beria ( cont 'd ) I demand my rights under , under ... article 43 of the ... stop bang , I demand to be hear ! we be not savage ! khrushchev you be ! you be ! beria ( weaken , to malenkov ) georgy ... we wife ... what will you tell you wife ? and mine ? the child ? konev comrade General Secretary ... tremble , malenkov look to khrushchev who nod . malenkov try to read out a statement . malenkov " lavrenti pavolovich beria ... ' beria you fuck traitor ... malenkov " lavrenti pavlovich beria . you be accuse ... " malenkov stop . he look like he 's go to faint . khrushchev beria fuck sake ! ( at same time ) ( take the document ) I be a Marshall of the Soviet " you be accuse of use Union , a member of ... you position as Minister of the Interior to plot against the Soviet Union with the goal of forward the interest of foreign power ... " 20 May 2016 draft 10 129 . beria foreign power ! which one ? the fuck moon ? khrushchev ( over beria ) " you be also accuse of 347 count of rape , of sexual deviancy and bourgeois immorality , of act of perversion with child as young as 7 year old ... beria ah. everyone in this room be responsible for someone 's death . so let 's find something exotic for old beria . beria stop protest , completely knock . he spot svetlana , she eye full of hate . beria ( cont 'd ) svetushka ... khrushchev ( read as quickly as he can ) .-- include the rape of luba dolomaya , age 12 , petra nikova , 13 beria you be the rapist ! error ! error ! error ! khrushchev skip ahead , try to shout over beria . khrushchev Anna laranskaya , nadia ranova ... etc etc ... magya holovic ...treason ... anti-soviet behaviour ...er , the court find you guilty and sentence you to be take to lubyanka prison and shot ... beria no ! nikita ! i'm you friend !! zhukhov ( whisper to beria ) shut it . look , here 's '' exhibit a '' . beria look down . Zhukhov be hold a knife to he rib . beria suddenly lose it , start scream like a little girl . khrushchev calmly wave goodbye . 186 187 20 May 2016 draft 10 130 . Zhukhov , brezhnev and some soldier drag he outside . chair be knock over , there be scream and shout . it 's chaos . they have get beria as far as the doorway . a shot ring out . then another . more scream . a burst of sub-machine - gun fire . a shout of " cease - FIRE ! " int . kremlin - windowless room doorway - day ( continuous ) 186 beria 's body be in the doorway of the courtroom . he 's riddled with bullet , bleed heavily . svetlana spit on the body . svetlana for yuri . for my mother . Zhukhov reach into beria 's mouth and pull out a tooth . zhukhov ( off they look ) nearly a full set now . ext . kremlin - back area - day ( continuous ) 187 beria 's body be haul out by soldier . they dump it unceremoniously , douse it with petrol and set fire to it . everyone emerge from the building , register the burn corpse with vary level of coolness . they have see some brutal thing . but svetlana be shocked , and move away from the group . she look like she may throw up . khrushchev be now the centre of gravity . everyone want to be in orbit around he . grim wordless exchange . kaganovich be close khrushchev now we can turn the corner . put the bloodsh behind we . angle on malenkov . he look bereaved . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) I worry about malenkov though . can we trust he ? kaganovich can you ever trust a weak man ? khrushchev agree . they can not . he spot svetlana , walk over to she . kaganovich act as informal bouncer , keep everyone else away . 20 May 2016 draft 10 131 . svetlana I be scared . khrushchev there 's no need . svetlana I do not know where ... khrushchev vasily 's safe . I give you my word , svetlana , I will look after he . he hand she a envelope . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) here be you passage to safety , too ... svetlana ( be envelope content ) Vienna ? khrushchev vasily must stay . for he own safety . we can not have a drunken madman spread conspiracy theory all over the world ... svetlana I could ... khrushchev no . he stay . you must go , for you sake . there will be a reckoning here . you ... story may not fit . one of this man might have to kill you ... she 's shocked . khrushchev need she to look at he . she do . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) I might have to kill you . a stunne beat . her bitter smile . she look at malenkov , mikoyan , bulganin ... svetlana I never think it would be you . khrushchev safe travel , svetlana . a bow , he rejoin the group . someone have produce vodka . the corpse burn on . 188 20 May 2016 draft 10 132. khrushchev ( cont 'd ) now we can turn the corner . put the bloodsh behind we . they place a large electric fan next to the bin . khrushchev ( cont 'd ) I worry about malenkov though . can we trust he ? kaganovich can you ever trust a weak man ? khrushchev ( nod agreement ) no ... he turn the fan on and tip the ash out . we watch the ash dispel in the wind . CUT to : int . radio moscow - MAIN auditorium 188 Maria be play a mozart piano concerto . close card : 1 ) after beria' execution in 1953 , the central committee take control of the soviet union 2 ) in 1956 khrushchev move to demote other member of the committee , including molotov and malenkov we pan up to a box , where we see khrushchev smile , in he element . Nina and some sycophant sit around he . we see andreyev and sergei in the control room . something to suggest andreyev 's live in a new reality too - more anxious , surround by new equipment ? or more confident , bully ? 3 ) at long last , he became head of the soviet government and commander in chief . we stay on khrushchev smile . a young brezhnev be behind he . 4 ) until he removal in 1964 by leonid brewhnev CUT to : end credit