the grudge written by nicolas pesce inspire by the film " ju - on " by takashi shimizu 8.4.17 int . nursing home — day 1 nurse , doctor and orderly bounce about the bright hall of the nursing home amidst the morning bustle . patient on foot and in wheelchair emerge from they room greeting the morning with smile on they face . we follow faith matheson ( 70 ) as she wheel herself down the hall in she wheelchair . a orderly greet she as he pass . orderly mornin 's Mrs. matheson . the old woman nod and continue down the hallway past the nurse station . nurse how ya doin 's Mrs. matheson ? again she nod , smile blankly as she continue on down the sunlit hallway . a doctor peel out of a patient 's room and into the hall . doctor Mrs. matheson ! you be out and about awfully early . head out for a walk ? faith mhmr . she wheel she chair past the elevator bank and at the end of the hallway she turn the corner . at the top of the steep staircase , she stop and wait . she peer down the step . they seem to go on forever . and just then , she wheel herself down the staircase . tumble violently down six flight of stair . her body break and smash under the weight of the chair and the force of she body hit each step . at the bottom of the stairwell , she lay break under she mangle wheelchair . from above , nurse pour into the stairwell scream . nurse ( 0.s. ) oh my god ! oh my god ! foot shuffle overhead in a panic . cut to black . ( titles play over black . ) when someone die in the grip of a powerful rage ... ».. a curse be born . the curse gather in the place of death . that who encounter it will be consumed by its FURY . fade out . title card : dhe grudge CUT to : open credit : a barrage of horror . a morbid take on the to kill a mockingbird credit . a abstract collage of image , extreme close up , in and out of focus . crime scene photo from all over America , all different decade . but all suburban home . families face down on basement floor . cop in bloody room . child -size body in child - size body bag . blood splatter live room . blood soile bed sheet . a artful but horrific depiction of the viscera of crime scene detail . mashed together into some nightmarish sort of montage . cuut to : title card : '' peter & nina '' int . hospital room - day 2 nina spencer ( 40 ) , five month pregnant , lay in a hospital gown on the exam table . her husband peter spencer ( 42 ) , stand by she side hold she hand . bag under he eye , he look like he have not sleep in week . but there 's a anxious look on both of they face . a nurse rub iodine over Nina 's pregnant belly while another nurse prep large needle in the background . the nurse rub iodine take a large needle from the other nurse and turn to Nina with a smile . nurse do not worry . amnios be pretty routine for woman you age . Nina put on a bashful smile , stung by the comment . the nurse in the background rub gel onto the sonogram wand and hold it to Nina 's belly . a grainy black and white image appear on the screen beside the exam table . nurse ( cont ’d ) this be the poke . put you elbow down at you side . the nurse slowly lower the large needle into Nina 's womb . nurse ( cont ’d ) that 's the needle , do it hurt ? Nina shake she head . nina no . nurse this be where you be gonna feel a cramp . Nina clamp down hard on Peter 's hand . on the screen , the shiny gleam needle poke through the amniotic sac with a bounce . Nina wince in pain . nurse ( cont ‘d ) that 's it . the shine tip of the needle lower closer and closer to the black mass in the center of the screen . there 's a odd tension in the otherwise clinical moment as the needle approach closer and closer to the baby inside . nurse ( cont 'd ) do you see it ? that 's you baby . the nurse look to the couple with a smile . Peter , grin from ear to ear , can not take he eye off the screen . but Nina do not look , she do not even turn she head . tear well in she eye and Peter see something 's wrong . peter how ya doin 's ? she wipe away the tear . nina I be okay . she turn to the screen and put on a fake smile . nurse almost do . the nurse screw a syringe onto the needle emerge from Nina 's belly and pull the plunger back . the syringe fill with a yellowish liquid . nurse ( cont 'd ) do you know the gender ? Nina 's quick to respond . nina no . Peter look at she and she smile . nina ( cont 'd ) we want to be surprised . but there 's dishonesty in she voice . int . doctor 's office - day 3 Peter and Nina sit across the desk from dr . maher . dr . maher like I tell you from the start , there 's always a high risk of birth defect for woman you age . the couple 's expression be blank stare of understanding . nina and you find something ? the doctor be matter of fact but sympathetic . dr . maher we spot a chromosomal abnormality . it 's quiet for a moment . dr . maher ( cont 'd ) the likelihood that you be child will be bear with ald be high . Nina 's 's stomach drop . dr . maher ( cont 'd ) I know we have previously discuss various possibility , but if you have any question now , please do not hesitate to ask . peter so what do this mean ... in term of time ? a glassy , far off look in he eye . dr . maher you will have a healthy child for four to five year . nina and then what about after that ? dr . maher best case ? you child will live another two to five year . life beyond the age of ten be unlikely . and the older they get , the worse they respond to the treatment . the revelation be devastating . dr . maher ( cont 'd ) I can put you in touch with some other family . it help to hear from other parent about the reality of this . after a moment , Peter look up . hope , dim in he eye . peter but there 's still a chance ? that we baby will be healthy ? int . peter 's car — day 4 Peter drive , Nina in the passenger seat beside he . they drive along a small suburban highway as it rain . the yellow line speed by on the wet pavement . a silent tension cut through the car . Nina stare blankly out the window . but Peter have a look in he eye like he 's about to explode . after a while he can not take it anymore . peter you do not want to do this , do you ? she do not respond . she just keep stare out the window . peter ( cont ‘d ) you have to say something . nina I do not know . I do not think I can handle this . peter no one 's prepare to handle something like this . but you figure it out . nina I just wrap my head around be a parent . but I do not sign up for this . she can tell it break he heart . it 's quiet again . the rain beat down on the windshield . Peter stare at the windshield wiper as they sway steadily back and forth . finally , he break the silence . peter let 's stop at the lander 's . Nina do not respond , she mind somewhere else . peter ( cont 'd ) I want to drop off the papers on we way home . int . peter 's car - day 5 heavy rain beat down on the manicure lawn . the wind whistle through the tree . 7. the signpost on the corner read : '' reyburn drive '' . Peter and Nina pull up to a driveway at the end of the cul - de- sac and park on the street . at the top of the driveway be a two -story mid-century modern ranch . a '' for sale '' sign plant in the front lawn . House number 44 , this be the lander 's house . peter I will be quick . Peter get out of the car . Nina watch as he walk towards the house . ext . the lander house - day 6 Peter walk up the driveway , pass the for sale sign mount on the front lawn . the sign sport a cheesy , smile photo of Peter and Nina , before the pregnancy , and the word '' spencer realty '' . the rain have start to come down harder , a dark cloud now casting ominous shadow overhead . Peter get to the front door and knock . nothing . he wait a few moment and knock again . still nothing . he reach into he pocket and take out he phone . he dial a number and hold the cell phone to he ear . the land line inside the house start ringing . Peter look into the window . the house be empty and dark . no sign of anyone . the phone just keep ringing as he stare into the seemingly empty house . the call go to voicemail and he hang up the phone . he look down to the real estate issue lock box hang from the doorknob . he punch in the code and retrieve the key from inside . he unlock the door , and push it open . he set one foot inside , and lean in . peter hello ? anybody home ? int . peter 's car - day 7 from afar , Nina watch she husband . there 's something captivate about the house , transfix . she turn back to the street in front of she . her eye watch the rain beat down . the sound of the rain be hypnotic . her mind be somewhere else . knock knock knock startle , she flinch . it 's Peter , knock on the window , motion for she to unlock the door . she breathes a sigh of relief . she unlock the door and he get in . peter no one 's home . wet , tired , and annoyed , Peter start the car . peter ( cont 'd ) I ' 11 try again in the morning . after a beat : nina you think something happen ? peter like what ? nina I do not know . do not he seem a little off ? peter the husband ? nina yeah . like too nice , or something . Peter shake he head . peter I think he 's painfully normal . they drive away . the house sit there , watch , wait . int . the spencer home ( kitchen ) - night 8 Peter and Nina sit at the kitchen table eat dinner . they eat in silence not look up from they meal . it 's terribly tense . finally , Peter break the silence . peter can we taik about this ? I can not just sit here in silence like this and pretend like nothing 's wrong . nina I do not know what you want I to say . peter I want you to tell I what 's go on . talk to I . I be nervous too . I have not have a good night sleep in week . and not know what 's go on with you be make this all so much harder , her eye downcast , she sigh . after a moment Nina respond . nina I do not want to have this baby in the first place . but ... you so badly do . it 's hard to choke out the word . they send a bullet through Peter . nina ( cont ’d ) I just love you so much . I want to do it for you . peter do not put this on I . nina I really think ... I think I have feel differently once I be pregnant . and I start to . but this ... she look at she husband across the table , he 's destroy . she can see the sadness in he eye . nina ( cont ’d ) be you mad ? peter no . I be not mad . he 's quiet . peter ( cont ‘d ) it 's just ... we be get older , and I do not know , I just feel like this be we last chance . she do not know what to say . 10 10 . nina I be sorry . peter do not apologize . just tell I what you want to do . they sit there in silence . int . the spencer home ( bedroom ) - night 9 unable to sleep , Peter lay awake in bed . his pregnant wife be fast asleep next to he . a bottle of sleep pill sit on the nightstand beside Peter . he eye the pill , but he turn away . he lay there , stare at the ceiling , lose in think . Nina roll over , her eye still close , half asleep , she groggily mutter to he . nina it 's so cold . can you turn up the heat baby ? he look over at she , sound asleep like a baby . as though she never move at all . he feel like he 's lose it . he get up and go to the thermostat . it ts awfully cold . he turn up the heat and get back into bed . he lay there . he try to close he eye and fall asleep . but suddenly , he hear footstep . Light gentle footstep in the hallway outside . he open he eye . it 's quiet . but then , more footstep . he wait . nothing . he sit up and check on he wife . she 's still asleep . and then again , more footstep . he turn to the door and sit there for a moment wait . his heart racing . and then the sound of a door open down the hall . his heart skip a beat . he peel back the sheet and step out of bed . slowly , he move towards the door . he reach for the doorknob , and gently ease the door open . int . the spencer home ( hallway ) - night 10 Peter peer out from the bedroom . at the other end of the hallway , there 's a door push open . all the light in the house be off . except for the room at the end of the hall . 11 12 13 il . Peter walk down the hallway towards the room . step by step he heart beat faster . just then , the sound of a little girl laugh . come from inside the room . oddly mechanical sounding . but it make Peter stop dead in he track . it 's quiet in the house . he turn and look back to the bedroom where he pregnant wife lay sleep . and then back to the room at the end of the hall . he take a breath and step closer to the open door . he stand outside the door and slowly push it open . int . the spencer home ( nursery ) - night 11 Inside be a baby 's nursery . but there 's no one in the room . he breathes a sigh of relief . he gaze at all the toy and furniture they have purchase in preparation for the special moment and smile . then he notice something . across the room , there 's a doll on the floor . he stare at it for a moment . he walk to the doll and pick it up . he look down , the doll 's porcelain face stare back at he . he squeeze the doll and it emit a mechanical little laugh . the sound he have just hear out in the hall . he laugh to himself and put the doll back up on the shelf . he stand in the doorway take one last look before he go . a deep sadness come over he . he turn off the light and walk out of the room . int . the spencer home ( hallway ) - night 12 Peter head down the hallway towards the bathroom . but unbeknownst to he , a little girl quietly peel out of the nursery behind he . she cross the hallway into the shadow and out of sight . int . the spencer home ( bathroom ) - night 13 Peter 's in the shower . the small tile bathroom be fill with steam . anxiety sweep through he in wave . he lower he head , breathe deeply . the shower stream beat down on the back of he head , a steady pulsing to the sound . 14 12 . he reach for the bottle of shampoo and squirt a handful into he palm . he close he eye and rub the shampoo into he hair . a thick , ooze yellow substance bubbles up from the drain , pool at he foot . he can feel the sticky muck between he toe . he open he eye and look down . but there 's nothing there . he close he eye and continue to wash he hair . outside the shower , a mirror be mount to the wall above the sink . for a moment , through the fogge shower door , through the billow of steam , in the reflection , it seem as though there 's a ghostly figure stand behind Peter in the shower . her arm wrap around he . his hand reach back ag he rinse the lather from he hair . and as he reach back , he feel the woman behind he , startle , he eye shoot open and he gasp as he spin around to see who 's in the shower behind he . but there 's no one there . he turn off the shower and slide open the plexiglas door . he take a towel from the rack and dry himself off . he stand in front of the mirror . his reflection abstract by the fog . he wipe away the condensation with he hand , clear he reflection in the mirror . he stand there stare at himself . alone in the room . int . the spencer home ( bedroom ) - night 14 still unable to sleep , Peter once again lay awake in bed , stare at the ceiling . he turn and eye the jar of sleep pill . he think . then reach over to the nightstand and take the jar . he shake one into he hand and then one more . he swallow the pill and lay down . he close he eye and try to fall asleep . the moon shine brightly through the sheer curtain cover the window . the room be dark , but a odd sound creep up . at first , it seem as though its just the wind . or the creak of the house . but the sound be something else . in the darkest corner across the room , the closet door be push open , only ever so slightly . as Peter finally succumb to the wave of sleep , in he final moment of consciousness , its as if he can feel someone breathe on the back of he neck in the bed next to he . and stand behind the closet door , you can almost make out the shape of a young girl stand in the shadow . one eye peer out . her form only make out by the moonlight reflect off she dark hair and the black of she eye . 15 13 . int . the spencer home ( hallway ) - day 15 the next morning , Peter walk out of the bedroom to find he wife stand in the doorway of the nursery peer in . he watch she for a moment before he speak . peter hi . she turn . nina hi. peter how do you feel ? she 's quiet . she shake she head . nina I do not know . he go to she and put he arm around she . peter it will be okay . we will figure it out . they stand there together for a moment stare into the nursery . Peter turn to he wife . peter ( cont ’d ) you want breakfast ? lemme make you something . she turn to he and smile . nina you ? cook ? peter what ? I be a good cook , she head down the stair , call back playfully over she shoulder as she go . nina so you be just gonna burn the place down ? be that how we be gonna deal with this ? he laugh . 16 17 18 14 . peter arson 's not my thing . I be too much of a wimp for all the flame . ext . the lander house - day 16 Peter pull up in front of the lander house . that odd , mid - century modern home on the cul - de-sac . House number 44 , rain beat down under the dark cloud overhead . int . peter ‘s car - day 17 as he approach the house , the car radio , play the news , suddenly cut to choppy static . for a moment , there 's a strange wheeze sound that emerge . but he put the car in park , shut the engine , and rush out into the rain . ext . the lander house — day 18 he hurry up the long driveway , hold he bag over he head to shield he from the rain . but as he approach the front door , he have a strange feel . a odd sound poke through the whistle of the wind . that same wheeze . he ring the doorbell . no answer . he ring again . but the house remain silent . he knock on the door . peter hello ? he wait . nothing . he try again . peter ( cont 'd ) hello ? still nothing . he sigh . he take out he phone and dial the number . the phone just ring and ring inside the house . he hang up the phone and knock one more time . peter ( cont ‘d ) hello ? the wind flap the papers of the contract in he hand . he peer into the window beside the door . the house look empty . he take a step back and think for a moment . he turn the doorknob . it 's still unlock . he open the door and lean into the entryway of the house . peter ( cont 'd ) hello ? hello ? 15 . no one seem to be home . he lean back out and close the door . he realize there 's something strange about step into someone else 's dark house . ee look around to see if anyone 's be watch . across the street be a older woman in a bathrobe and curler stand at the end of she driveway . a cigarette in one hand , today 's newspaper in the other . who know how long she 's be stand there . Peter smile and wave awkwardly . but the woman just stare back at he with a blank , skeptical look . she take a drag from she cigarette and head back up she driveway . Peter turn back to the house . just as he do , out of the corner of he eye , its as though the side gate creep open on its own . ee stare at it for a moment . he look around to make sure no one watch , and then walk through the gate to the side of the house . there , in the small garden , various everyday item be scattered violently about . a lamp shade , chair and a table , break vase and dish , a scattered fish tank , a break cooler , smashed flower pot , book and photo album and garbage bag and grocery . the mess look fresh . fly buzzing all around . the stench of the rotting food be horrific . Peter recoil . peter ( cont ’d ) oh god . look around the garden , he notice a small mound of dirt in the corner . it look new , like it 's be make in the last few day . he continue toward the back of the garden , take care not to step on anything . he look at the mess as he wade through it . peter ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ . at he foot be a flower pot that look like it 's be burn . topple over , its content be strewn about the walkway . amongst the char remain be two burn plane ticket and book about child psychology , developmental disorder , and autism . he reach down for one of the book . just then , he notice something out of the corner of he eye . stare back at he through the kitchen slide door , from inside the house be little melinda lander ( 6 ) . for a moment he 's startle by the sight . but he laugh . 19 16 . peter ( cont 'd ) you scared I . he walk towards the slide door . the little girl just stand there on the other side of the glass . rocking back and forth , ever so slightly . a odd blank stare across she face . Peter smile . peter ( cont ’d ) be you parent home ? melinda remain silent , look back at Peter with dim eye . peter ( cont 'd ) can you hear I ? her eye be unfocus as she rock slow . it seem as if she be not look at Peter , but someone behind he . peter ( cont 'd ) hello ? the little girl silently step back , and disappear out through the kitchen door , into the dark shadow of the house . peter ( cont 'd ) wait ! he hurry back around to the front door . he reach for the doorknob and open the door . he call out cautiously as he enter the house . peter ( cont 'd ) I be come in . int . the lander house - day 19 the instant he step into the house , he feel something terribly ominous rush through he . he freeze . it feel oddly empty . oddly quiet . more quiet than it should be . it look well live - in . pack move box be scattered about the room . he call out . peter Peter Spencer here . I have you paper with I . he wait for a response . but there be not one . peter ( cont ’d ) hello ? 20 17 . still no response . he walk deeper into the house . slowly he walk down the hallway . the live room be on he right . Inside , he see melinda sit limply on the sofa . she just sit there stare off into space . rocking back and forth . peter ( cont 'd ) hey there . the little girl do not acknowledge he as he step into the room . int . the lander house ( live room ) - day 20 the dark room be rather large . the curtain be close , block the sun . peter be you parent home ? the girl remain silent . she stare at a point on the wall absentmindedly as she rock . bag under she eye . band-aid cover large scrape on she knee and the palm of she hand . her lip terribly chap . and there 's something deeply unsettle about she stare . her eye , dark , almost seem to be swollen . her eyelid bloat . peter ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? but melinda just keep stare at the wall . Peter sit down on the couch opposite the girl . you can see he readiness for fatherhood in how he interact with the girl . peter ( cont 'd ) where be you parent ? nothing . he look around at the mess . his eagerness to help the child in need and unbridle patience be quality mark only by parenthood . peter ( cont 'd ) do something happen ? still nothing . the house be so quiet . the silence in the room accumulate like cold air . Peter feel a deep sense of forebode . he stand and take he phone from he pocket , unable to sit still from the unease . he dial a number and hold the phone to he ear . it ring and ring . he wait . 18 . finally , it go to voicemail . SAM ( over the phone ) you have reach Sam lander . leave a message . he 's clearly nervous , but he put on a fake calm affect to he voice . peter ( into the phone ) hey there . Peter Spencer here . from Spencer Realty . I be actually ... I be actually at you house right now . want to get you signature on the close contract . he pace around the room . peter ( cont ‘d ) ( into the phone ) I will try you at work . and you wife 's number . his back to the little girl sit quietly on the couch . peter ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) you daughter 's here . seem like something happen over here . just then , the smallest drop of bile dribble slowly from the little girl 's lip to she chin . peter ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) just make sure everything 's okay . feeling the moisture , she look down casually . peter ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) well , yeah , I guess , just give I a call back when you get this . you have get my number . the girl touch the wetness on she chin and look down at the smear of bile rubbed across she fingertip . but Peter do not notice . he hang up the phone , CUT to black . 21 19 . int . the lander house ( melinda 's bedroom ) - night 21 upstair , little melinda lander pace around she room in a panic . fiona lander ( 40 ) , six month pregnant , stand in the doorway , concerned . fiona what 's wrong ? melinda I can not find Lisa . Fiona take a step towards she daughter . fiona okay , well let I help you look . melinda shriek . melinda no ! the little girl start to cry . the cry quickly become wail . she squeeze she eye tightly shut and start swinging she fist at she head . self - inflict blow to she face . Fiona rush to she . fiona okay , okay . baby ? baby ? you be okay . you be okay . she sit melinda down on the ground , while try to hold the girl by the wrist to prevent she from further hurt herself . but melinda keep scream . Fiona , now on the ground reach over to the bed and pull a pillow to the floor . she lay melinda 's head onto the pillow , and hold she arm on the ground beside she . but melinda keep scream . and with she arm restrain , she body thrashes wildly . fiona ( cont ‘d ) please baby . it 's okay . it 's okay . but she keep thrashing . fiona ( cont 'd ) oh god . Sam ? Sam ?! 20 . no response as the little girl keep scream and thrashing . fiona ( cont ‘d ) Sam ?! please ?! where be you ?! Fiona on all four try to keep the little girl down , fiona ( cont 'd ) please baby . you be okay . SAM ?! but the thrashing continue . finally , Fiona lay she body weight down on the girl in a attempt to restrain she . the adult woman lay on the little girl . fiona ( cont 'd ) shhh . shhh . shhh . and the little girl calm down . still in a state of high anxiety , Fiona pants as she kneel and get up off she daughter . she turn and see SAM ( 45 ) stand in the doorway . she gasp , momentarily startle by hin . fiona ( cont 'd ) Jesus . she put she hand to she heart , try to calm down . fiona ( cont 'd ) how long have you be stand there ? the man be slight and bald . he just stand there look at she . fiona ( cont ‘d ) be you just stand there watch ? Fiona look at he disgust . she shake she head . SAM what ? she get up off the floor and leave the room . cut to black . 22 21 . title card : '' goodman & muldoon '' int . the muldoon house ( master bedroom ) - night 22 a wedding video play on the tv in the corner . the sound be mute . a happy couple . a husband and wife at they wedding party . playfully feed each other cake , dance on the dance floor , smile on they face . happier time . across the room , detective muldoon ( 38 ) , the woman on the tape , sit at the edge of the bed . her service weapon tense in she hand . she rest the gun in she lap . she look at the man hold she so lovingly on the video . tear stream down she face , she sob silently . her body shake , she arm quiver . with a shaky hand , she pull back the safety . suddenly , there 's a knock on she door and a little boy 's voice call through . burke ( 0.s. ) Mom ? muldoon 's eye shoot to the door . quickly , she turn off the tv and hide the gun under the bed . she wipe the tear from she face and call back . muldoon yeah ? the door push open and burke muldoon ( 6 ) stand there wiping tear from he own face . muldoon ( cont ’d ) can not sleep ? the young boy shake he head . muldoon motion for he to come over . muldoon ( cont ’d ) come here . the boy sit down beside he mother on the bed and rest he head in she lap . muldoon pet the boy 's hair , comforting he . muldoon ( cont 'd ) you be alright . muldoon ' 's whole mood shift in the presence of she son . you can really see how much love there be between they . 23 24 25 26 22 . int . the muldoon house — day 23 the sun 's come up over the town as morning light pour in , burke sit on the couch in the live room watch cartoon . muldoon stand at the counter in the kitchen , frantically make she son 's lunch while try to get dress for work . she turn and look out the window , notice the school bus pull up outside . she call out to she son in the other room . muldoon burke ! Bus be here ! int . goodman' house ( bedroom ) - day 24 detective goodman ( 55 ) , weathered and unkempt , stand at the mirror get dress for work . the bedroom 's decor be old - world and matronly . the lacy curtain do not seem to suit a man this gruff . he tie he tie with disgruntled precision , watch he hand in auto-pilot as he do it . int . goodman 's house ( live room ) — day 25 goodman sit on the couch eat a bowl of cereal watch '' the price be right " . he 's get a napkin tuck into the collar of he shirt like a bib to protect he button down shirt . he smoke a cigarette , take puff between bite . the wall be cover in photo that must be decade old . every photo , child and teenage goodman with he mother . Religious paraphernalia line the shelf , everything from virgin Mary statue to rosary bead and candle . but the room be litter with old medical equipment . a old hospice bed with the sheet still on it , bed make . a few oxygen tank sit by its side , atop each tank a emphysema mask . int . goodman be car - day 26 detective goodman sit in he car in the Police Station parking lot . he finish the end of he cigarette as he watch the officer file into the precinct , start the day . he reach for the glove compartment and remove a stack of mass card and Saint pendant . he put they into the suit pocket above he heart , toss the cigarette butt out the window , and get out of the car . 27 28 23 . int . police precinct ( kitchen ) - day 27 goodman stand at the counter pour a cup of coffee . detective GRECO ( 0.s. ) Heard they end up stickin’ you with the new chick . detective GRECO ( 40 ) stand in the doorway with a smug look . goodman can not call ‘em chick anymore . goodman stir he coffee as he look out to the bull pen full of young officer on the other side of the window in the kitchen . greco walk over and stand by he side take in the sight . detective GRECO buddy of mine in vice say she old man die of cancer . Real brutal . Said she kid be alone with he when he kick . greco shake he head with a morbid grin . detective GRECO ( cont ’d ) Rough shit , huh ? goodman stare out at the room full of young fresh face . goodman which one be she ? greco shrug . detective GRECO Hell , I do not know . int . police precinct ( bull pen ) - day 28 goodman walk into the bull pen . he stand and look around at the officer bustling around the room crowded with desk . it 's loud , but goodman shout over the noise . goodman muldoon ! he look around , expect someone to respond . he try again , louder this time . goodman ( cont 'd ) which one of you be muldoon ? 29 24 . muldoon pop up at the sound of she name . she stand , look around for who call she . she look frazzle . overwhelm and out of she element . int . goodman be car ~ day 29 they drive down small suburban street , stop every so often for a stop sign or pedestrian . goodman drive , stoic and silent . the lack of interaction make muldoon nervous . finally , goodman break the awkward silence . goodman you smoke ? muldoon shake she head . muldoon no . goodman mind if I smoke ? muldoon no . goodman take a cigarette from the pack in he pocket , put it between he lip and light it . they drive on in silence . goodman how you likin 's it round here ? muldoon uh , good . we be still get settle . it 's definitely different . goodman that it be . job ' 1l be a piece of cake after you last beat , though . we rarely get shit out here like you get in the city . they turn off the street onto a small dirt service road . the drive through a path cut through the tree in the wood . goodman ( cont ’d ) welcome to the middle of nowhere . about a mile into the wood , goodman nod to the mess of emergency vehicle in a clear up ahead . goodman ( cont 'd ) we nre here . 30 25 . ext . wooded STREET - day 30 the scene be already buzzing with cop car and ambulance . goodman and muldoon head into the chaos . uniform officer escort the detective under the tape line surround the scene . at the center of the hubbub be a car . it look untouched . as though it just stop in the middle of the road . as they approach , they realize what 's cause such a stir . Inside the car , be a woman in she sixty , she seat belt still buckle . but she decaye body be bloat , break at every joint , and twisted into a macabre human knot . her eye wide open in fear . goodman be stoic at the sight while muldoon try to hide she horror . muldoon how do this even happen ? a uniform officer stand next to the car chime in . officer michael car 's be here for month . Doors be lock when we find it . have to cut it open with the jaw . expressionless , muldoon can not take she eye off the twist in the woman 's body . goodman gruesome , huh ? officer michael I will say . goodman get a id on she yet ? officer michael sure do . the officer look down at he note . officer michael ( cont 'd ) lorna moody . sixty -five . goodman why would it take so long to find she ? 26 . officer michael this here 's a service road , only just start use it for the season . goodman no one come look for she ? officer michael that 's the thing . fed be already lookin’ for she . turn out she 's one of that assist suicide broad . muldoon be still stare at the body , deeply disturb . muldoon m.e. have anything to say ? the officer shoot goodman a look with a grim smile . officer michael this will be the best damn coroner 's report I read all year . goodman smile . goodman find anything on she ? officer michael usual stuff . get a address though . have direction in the glove box . 44 reyburn drive . right down the road here . goodman 's stomach drop . officer michael ( cont ’d ) place from the lander case . weird , right ? the word send a chill up goodman 's spine . muldoon can tell she 's miss something . muldoon why be that weird ? michael shoot goodman a look . goodman change the subject . goodman anything else ? muldoon watch the exchange . she 's suspicious . 27 . officer michael get print all over the body too . runnin 's they now . but the fed ’1ll be here soon . goodman stare at the woman in the car . officer michael ( cont ’d ) somethin 's else , huh ? you ever see anything like this before ? entrance by the look in she eye . goodman we will see . 31 ext . wooded STREET - day 31 goodman and muldoon head back to the car . muldoon what be that back there ? goodman what ? muldoon what 's up with the house on reyburn ? they get to the car and get in . goodman worked a case there . sorta stick with I . just strange to see it pop up again . muldoon what be the case ? could this be connect ? goodman shake he head as he start the car . goodman it be open and shut . this be just a weird coincidence . they drive off . muldoon can tell that goodman be hide something . 32 33 28 . int . the muldoon house ( kitchen ) - night 32 the house be small and run down , buy in a foreclosure . unpacked move box still litter the floor . muldoon sit at the kitchen table . laid out in front of she be all the crime scene photo from the body on the highway . she 's glue to the image , sifting through the photo and papers for clue . her dog frank lay on the floor , asleep at she foot . she search through the web of papers on the table , deep in think . the image be truly terrifying . all different angle of that poor twisted woman . and that open , dead eye . she try to shake the image from she mind . she pick up a photo of the piece of paper they find in the glove compartment . scrawle across the small scrap of paper be the word : '' 44 reyburn drive " . burke ( 0.s. ) what be you look at ? she turn , she son stand there in the doorway . muldoon hey bud -- hang on second , I do not want you to see this stuff . burke what be it ? she look to the gruesome photo on the table , muldoon stuff for work . she look back to she son and smile . muldoon ( cont 'd ) ready for bed ? the little boy nod . int , the muldoon house ( burke 's bedroom ) — night 33 muldoon sit in a chair beside she son 's bed until he falis asleep . she check on the boy . he 's fast asleep . quietly , she creep out of the room . 34 35 36 29 . ext . the muldoon house ( backyard ) - night 34 muldoon open the slide door in the kitchen , let the dog out into the backyard . the dog run into the tall grass and start to sniff . muldoon step into the quiet night air while she wait . int . the muldoon house ( master bedroom ) - night 35 it 's the middle of the night . muldoon be awake in bed with she laptop in she lap . the room be dark except for the glow from the computer . on the screen , she search the address they have find at the crime scene . 44 reyburn drive . she scroll through the result . a number of news source report the same story . she click on the first link . " murder on reyburn drive . '' she scroll through the article . '' body of mother and daughter find ... child 's body find with sign of suspect child abuse . '' she scroll down to a picture of the happy family . '' bveryone who know the family say Sam lander be nothing but normal . he seem like a perfect husband and father . '' int . police precinct ( bull pen ) - day 36 goodman sit at he desk . he look up at the clock . greco walk past . goodman muldoon in yet ? GRECO have not see she . just then , muldoon burst in through the front door . burke by she side . a panicked look on she face . it look like she 's have hell of a morning . muldoon I be so sorry ! sitter cancel on I and I could not find another one . I do not know what else to do with he . 37 38 30 . she hurry over to she desk with burke and pull up a chair beside it . muldoon ( cont 'd ) here . sit here . and just ... let I get settle . okay ? she 's clearly flustered . goodman shoot the young boy a look . goodman roll he eye and smile . burke smile back , goodman relax . I and the kid will find something to do . muldoon thank you . muldoon put down she belonging and go and get herself a much need cup of coffee . int . police precinct ( conference room ) - day 37 burke sit at the enormous table in the middle of the conference room . goodman wheel in a television on a cart , goodman you like movie ? burke nod . goodman ( cont 'd ) not a lot of option . he look down at the two dvd in he hand . se7en and 48 hour . he laugh . he toss aside se7en and put the 48 hour disc into the dvd player . goodman ( cont 'd ) guess this will be fine . ext . police precinct ( parking lot ) - night 38 goodman walk out of the police station for the day and head to he car . on he way through the parking lot , he notice muldoon . muldoon shit. shit. shit. God damnit ! she 's try to start she car , but the engine will not start . she sigh and punch the dashboard . 31 . muldoon ( cont ’d ) come on ! goodman look at burke sit patiently in the back seat . goodman call out . goodman ey ! Language ! he gesture to burke giggle in the back of the car . muldoon he 's hear it all before . she revs the engine . it do not sound good . Black smoke pour from the exhaust pipe . goodman that 's what you get for drive a piece of shit . he 's try to be funny . muldoon not helpful . it do not land . goodman walk over . goodman what 's the problem ? she 's piss . muldoon who the hell know . it 's what I get for drive a piece of shit , right ? you have cable in you car ? he shake he head . goodman do not sound like the battery . she sigh . muldoon Jesus Christ . I be suppose to be at orientation for he school in twenty minute . when do elementary school start do orientation ?! goodman who 's watch the kid ? 39 40 32 . muldoon I be gonna take he with I . goodman turn and start towards he car . with a feign reluctance he call back . goodman come on . int . the muldoon house ( live room ) - night 39 goodman sit on the couch with burke watch a movie . burke have fall asleep . the front door open and muldoon walk in . notice that burke be asleep , she 's quiet as she enter . she whisper . muldoon how would it go ? goodman good . fell asleep after ten minute . miss a damn fine movie . she smile . muldoon thank you so much for this . goodman yeah . of course . int . police precinct ( bull pen ) -— day 40 it 's early in the morning , and the detective and other officer have start to file in for the day 's work . muldoon sit at she desk look through a case file label : '' lander '' . greco walk over and look over muldoon 's shoulder at the folder in front of she . GRECO you better put that shit away before goodman see you . muldoon why ? goodman walk in look like he have not sleep a wink . GRECO do not say I do not warn you . 33 . greco walk back to he desk as muldoon close the case file and tuck it beneath a stack of papers on she desk . she 's pretend to type up a report when goodman come over . goodman how 's the kid ? muldoon he like you . goodman smile . goodman good . muldoon hey , any word on the print from the other day ? goodman shake he head . goodman not we case anymore . fed take over last night . muldoon what ? goodman nothin 's I could do . already go through the fifth floor . muldoon what about the house ? the one from the address in the glove box . do anyone follow up after we find the body ? goodman get very serious all of a sudden . goodman listen , drop it . it 's not we case . muldoon but the evidence we collect be still ... goodman let it go . not we case . detective greco come back over as goodman walk away . greco look over to muldoon and chuckle . 34 . GRECO do not worry , it 's not cuz you be a woman . guy 's weird to everyone . muldoon stand there confuse . muldoon what 's he story with that house ? GRECO on reyburn ? muldoon yeah . GRECO good question . he work a case there a few month back . never set foot inside . I have never see a cop do that . muldoon stand there deep in think , the gear spin in she head . GRECO ( cont ’d ) never get the guy who do it either . that always stay with you . be like he fall off the face of the earth . and that 's not a easy thing to do this day . especially not for guy like this . muldoon you think he 's still out there ? greco shrug . GRECO I do not know . the guy can not be that good , muldoon that woman we find . she be at that house . greco watch muldoon . GRECO you have get that look in you eye . he smirk a smug grin and shake he head . GRECO ( cont ’d ) let it go . al 42 35 . int . muldoon 's car ~ day 41 windshield wiper beat away the onslaught of rain as muldoon drive down a suburban street , eyeing each house as she pass . the street be familiar to we , and when she reach she destination , we know why . ext . the matheson house - day 42 muldoon park she car at the end of the driveway and get out at house number 44 . we know it as the lander 's house . only small superficial detail of the home have change . a new garden and new shutter , no more '' for sale '' sign . but the mid-century modern house be just as haunt as ever . rotten apple lay in the grass beneath the dead apple tree . the lawn be unmow , and in spite of the face - lift , the house look unkempt . muldoon eye the house take it all in and then walk up the driveway . she get to the front door and knock . there 's no answer . but from inside the house , she can hear the faint sound of a woman cry . she knock again , call out . muldoon hello ? still nothing . but she can clearly hear the woman cry inside . she knock again and call through the door . muldoon ( cont ’d ) hello ? Police Department . she wait . nothing , even though she can still hear the woman inside . she knock one more time . muldoon ( cont 'd ) be everything alright ? still no response . she reach for the door knob and turn it . it 's unlock . cautiously , she push the door open and poke she head into the house . muldoon ( cont 'd ) mister and miss matheson ? nothing but the constant cry from another room . muldoon ( cont 'd ) this be detective muldoon , I be here to ask about a woman we find . after a few moment she step into the house . 43 36 . int . the matheson eouse - day 43 once inside the house , the muffle cry grow louder . but otherwise , the house feel vacant . all sound of the outside world seem to fade away . at the top of the stair , muldoon see a empty wheelchair . at the foot of the stair , a strange black stain rubbed into the carpet runner . the cry be come from a room down the hall . tense as she walk down the hallway follow the sound . she find she way to the live room . Inside , be a elderly woman shuffle around the room aimlessly . the old woman from the first scene . as she cry to herself , there 's a dull , vacant look in she eye . nothing but confusion behind she stare . muldoon watch the woman wander . muldoon Mrs. matheson ? she do not acknowledge muldoon . she try again . muldoon ( cont 'd ) be you Mrs. matheson ? the old woman just keep cry , so frail , wander around in helpless little circle . she 's soile she pants many time over , the state of the home be disgusting from neglect . muldoon take a step closer to she . muldoon ( cont 'd ) ma'am , be you alright ? slowly , faith turn to look at muldoon . faith will you feed I ? the look on she face , fill with desperation . her body shake . muldoon move closer to she . muldoon Excuse I ? a lifeless stare behind the woman 's eye . faith William always use to feed I . her hand shuffle in the pocket of she robe . 37 . muldoon William ? just then , out of the corner of she eye , for only a moment , muldoon see someone walk down the dark hallway at the top of the stair . it could have easily just be a shadow . but a sense of unease rush over she . muldoon ( cont ’d ) ma’am , be there anyone else home with you right now ? suddenly , the woman 's cry subside . faith sniffles back the tear and hobble she way slowly to muldoon . she pull she hand from she pocket , and take hold of muldoon 's hand in she gentle grasp . faith will you please help I ? muldoon look down and there ' 's blood all over she hand . muldoon what be this ? she turn she wrist revealing the old woman 's hand . muldoon ( cont ’d ) oh my god ! the woman 's hand be a bloody , mangle , mass of gangrenous flesh . most of she finger , chop up gnarled stump . muldoon panic , muldoon ( cont ’d ) Jesus Christ . faite please help I ! muldoon okay , okay . she pick the frail old woman up and run frantically to the kitchen . muldoon ( cont ’d ) it 's okay , I get you . she hold faith 's hand under the faucet , run water over the wound . muldoon ( cont ’d ) you be okay , you be okay . 38 . the old woman scream in pain . muldoon ( cont ’d ) I be get help . muldoon reach into she pocket for she cell phone , but its not there . muldoon ( cont ’d ) shit . she run over to the house phone mount to the wall and pick it up . but the line 's dead , muldoon ( cont ' D ) I will be right back , please just stay here . faith please do not leave I . muldoon I will be right back , I promise . muldoon run back through the hall of the house . but just before she reach the front door , she notice someone in the guest bedroom off the main hallway . out of breath , she stop in the doorway and look in . there 's a old man sit in a chair with he back to she , look out the window . muldoon ( cont 'd ) Mr. matheson ? no response . she walk towards he . muldoon ( cont 'd ) Mr. matheson ? be you alright ? she put she hand on he shoulder . but the man be dead . a rotten and decaye corpse , propped up in that chair for who know how long . his eye cloudy . maggot crawl from the edge of the socket and the corner of he mouth . she scream and run out of the house . a 4 45 46 47 39 . ext . the matheson house — day 44 muldoon run down the long driveway and out to she car . she get into the driver seat and pick up the radio dispatch receiver . muldoon car 646 . I need a ambulance at 44 reyburn . ext . the matheson house - day 45 a ambulance have arrive and two emt be take the old woman from the house . she 's bound to a stretcher . another emt sit with muldoon make sure that none of the blood on she clothes belong to she . muldoon watch as the emt put the seemingly catatonic woman into the back of the ambulance . but she eye be wide and lock on muldoon . watch she . int . muldcon be car - night 46 muldoon drive down a small suburban street , dark from the lack of streetlight . she drive slowly through the dark , try to illuminate the number on the mailbox with the car 's headlight . the number be go up . number 3 , 5 , 7 . between each house be a streetlight . each time she pass a light , it illuminate the side mirror of the car . and for a moment , each time , we catch a glimpse of melinda in the reflection , sitting in the backseat . number 9 , 11 , 13 . finally muldoon get to number 15 . we do not quite recognize the house in the dark . but the light be on inside . and something seem familiar . she get out of she car and step out into the pour rain . ext . goodman' house - night 47 muldoon ring the doorbell . on the front porch , she wait . she can hear the tv on inside . she ring the doorbell again . from inside the house : goodman ( 0.s. ) I hear you the first time . 48 40 . muldoon wait and finally goodman come to the door . disgruntle , goodman open the door and peer out at muldoon blankly . goodman ( cont ’d ) what ' xxe you do here ? goodman look at the blood all over muldoon 's clothes . goodman ( cont ’d ) what happen to you ? muldoon look down , she have forget how bad she look . muldoon it 's not mine . goodman who 's be it ? muldoon I go to the matheson house . goodman 's heart drop to the pit of he stomach . he try to hide the fear coursing through he . but he can not . goodman ahh , shit . int . goodman 's house ( live room ) - night 48 muldoon sit with goodman in the live room , surround by the medical equipment . goodman it 's be month now , but ... just one of that case . the room be dark , light only by the lamp on the side table . goodman ( cont 'd ) total mess . Whole family murder . a game show on the tv in the background . goodman ( cont 'd ) neighbor too . goodman chain smoke as he talk . . goodman ( cont ’d ) never close it . want to pin it on the husband . ( more ) 41 . goodman ( cont 'd ) but we never find he . figure he get out of the country . damn shame of a story . pause between thought for a drag or two . the ash tray on the coffee table be nearly overflow . goodman ( cont 'd ) but something never feel right about that house . muldoon what do you mean ? goodman constantly look back to the tv , check on the status of the game show silently . goodman I do not know . dust do not feel right . muldoon watch the man , she partner . goodman be different at home , in this environment . goodman ( cont 'd ) call I superstitious . but I get my reason . muldoon can tell goodman 's hide something . muldoon so what be you say ? the house be haunt ? goodman smile . goodman they will think you be crazy if you start go around say place be haunt . muldoon I do not buy it . goodman 's quiet for a moment . goodman can I get you anything ? muldoon no , I be good . goodman pie ? 42 , goodman gesture to the partially open cardboard box sit on the coffee table buzzing with fly . one slice eat , the rest start to mold . muldoon I be good . goodman my mother . she be into all that ghosty shit . the older I get , the more I start to believe it . muldoon look at the vacant and unused medical equipment on the other side of the room . muldoon do she pass away ? goodman two year ago now . just have not have the heart to get rid of all this . goodman smile . goodman ( cont ’d ) I still think of this as she house . muldoon nod in understanding . muldoon I know what it feel like , goodman how long for you ? muldoon six month . Cancer . goodman I have see how that play out . I do not wish that on anyone . muldoon lose herself in think . muldoon my dad raise I all by himself . I do not know how he do it . he die when I be in college . same way . goodman nod . 43. goodman I have a single mother . it 's a shame the universe have to go and fuck all this good people . muldoon get pregnant , have a kid , without parent ... it be hard . and now do this ... nothing prepare you for this shit . she look at goodman with a deep sensitive stare . muldoon ( cont 'd ) you ever think about have kid ? goodman all the time . just never happen for I . he shrug . goodman ( cont 'd ) we all say the same thing . '' the job '' and all that . but who know . it 's how it go . muldoon smile . mulcdoon I think you have be a good dad . goodman laugh , goodman aww hell , do not get all sappy on I muldoon . I be start to like you . she laugh . and then they be quiet . goodman quickly get serious . he look intensely at muldoon , a deep solemn look in he eye . goodman ( cont 'd ) I get that you be look for distraction right now , but do not get lose in this shit . the case , the house . he turn back to the tv . goodman ( cont 'd ) I know what that look like . 49 44 , int . the muldoon house ( master bedroom ) — night ag muldoon sit on she bed pour through case file . her dog lay groggily at the foot of the bed , lick muldoon 's foot as she work . muldoon kick she foot to shake off the dog . muldoon Frank , stop . the dog jump off and get into a comfortable sleep position on the floor beside the bed . in the folder on muldoon 's lap be a case label : '' lander '' . clipped to the top page be a picture of the lander family . Sam , Fiona and melinda . behind it , a photo of the house . the house she be at earlier that day , know to she as the matheson house , but list here as the former home of the lander family . the folder be fill with various page of official police report . hach document sport the name of two report officer . detective goodman . and detective Wilson . muldoon pick up she phone and dial a number . muldoon ( cont ’d ) ( into the phone ) badge 45632 , muldoon . I be try to reach detective Wilson , use to be out of the five one . she wait for the response . muldoon ( cont ‘d ) thanks . she wait . muldoon ( cont 'd ) uh , yeah , hold on one second . she look around and grab she notebook and pen . muldoon ( cont ’d ) alright , go ahead . she write down whatever the operator be say . when she finish , she look down at what she 's write . it 's a address . but something about it be puzzle to she . muldoon ( cont 'd ) be this the psychiatric hospital ? 50 45 . she listen . muldoon ( cont ’d ) right . alright , thanks . she hang up and sit there lose in think for a moment . she look back down at the address . she close the case file and put it over on the nightstand . she peel back the sheet of she bed and get in . her mind racing , far from sleep . she roll onto she side , she foot dangle off the side of the bed . she feel the dog lick she foot and she kick she foot as she do before . muldoon ( cont 'd ) stop it Frank . but the lick do not stop . she shake she leg onto the bed . muldoon ( cont 'd ) stop. muldoon look over to the side of the bed . but the dog be not there . he 's asleep on the other side of the bed . suddenly , a cool chill breeze through she . and it feel like there be someone in the room . wait , lurking in the shadow . she sit up and look around the dark room . nothing . but she can not shake that eerie feel . just then she hear slow footstep in the hallway outside the room . slowly , she get up and go to the door . int . the muldoon house ~- night 50 she step into the dark hallway and look around . nothing . she go to burke 's room and quietly open the door . but burke be fast asleep . she look around the room . still nothing . she continue on through the house . but room after room , there 's nothing there . she sigh , chuckle to herself , and head back to the bedroom . 51 52 53 54 46 . int . the muldoon house ( master bedroom ) 51 muldoon get back into bed and try to fall asleep . she lay there in the dark room . rain beat down outside . but then we see she . underneath the bed , look up , as if boring a hole through the mattress , be little melinda lander . laying in the shadow . ext . four wind hospital - day 52 muldoon drive down the long wood road towards the enormous , stone gothic institution . the structure lack the majesty that be perhaps intend for it , and instead sit somewhere in this uncomfortable place between medieval nightmare and harsh modernism . int , four wind hospital — day 53 the wait room be empty except for muldoon and the man behind the desk . scream echo through the stone corridor in the background . muldoon I be here to see Richard Wilson . the man behind the desk look up at muldoon as though he could not care less . orderly fourth floor . already restrain . muldoon look back at he , confuse . muldoon restrain ? int . four wind hospital - day 54 muldoon walk down the long tile hallway , both side flanke with door to cell with no window . cries and wail echo through the chamber . as she walk , the long corridor seem to go on forever . finally , she reach Wilson ' 's cell . she stand outside the door and turn back to look down the hallway from where she come . a orderly in white scrub stand at the end of the corridor on the other side of a glass window . 55 47 . muldoon wave she hand to the man , and a few moment later , she hear the latch of the cell door in front of she unlock . she open the door and step inside . int . wilson 's cell - day 55 its a small padded room with a bed and a toilet . detective Wilson lay curl up on the bed , face away . his ankle chain to a mount in the wall . dress in white , he head shave , the older man look fragile and frail . muldoon be cautious as she speak . muldoon detective Wilson , I be detective muldoon . the doctor say he tell you I be come . the man on the bed do not turn , but he start to laugh quietly . a deep belly laugh . muldoon ( cont 'd ) I want to ask you about a case you work in January . the man groan . wilson do you find my tape ? muldoon tape ? the man laugh even louder , still with he back to muldoon . muldoon ( cont ’d ) detective ? it turn to a grumble sort of crackle , he body shaking with each bellow . muldoon ( cont ’d ) detective ? Wilson turn he head , twist he neck around , a terrifying grin across he face . he have a large , messy scar from a wound in the side of he face . wilson it will never end . muldoon stare back at the craze man . 56 57 58 48 . muldoon what be you talk about ? wilson that house 's grudge ... he just laugh . piece of he jaw and cheekbone be miss , leave hollow pit under the graft skin . wilson ( cont ’d ) if you have not start see they yet , do not worry ... you will . tear stream down the he face as he smashes he bald head into the padded wall . over and over and over again , scream . try desperately to harm himself , but unable to do so . muldoon watch in horror . ext . four wind hospital ( parking lot ) - day 56 the sun be start to set as muldoon walk out to she car in the parking lot . she 's shake . lose in think , think about the encounter she 's just have . as she walk through the empty lot , a sudden chill of fear riffle through she . the wind whistle into a wheeze . suddenly , she he hear something behind she . a little girl 's footstep . she turn . but there 's no one there . she look around . no one . she get to she car , get in , and drive away . int . wilson be cell - day 57 but all the while , detective Wilson lay in he bed , he eye wide with fear . melinda and Fiona lander in the corner , stare back at he . he struggle , scream , desperately try to get away . but bound in he chain , he can hardly move , let alone get away . and so they taunt he . int . muldoon 's car - night 58 muldoon drive home from the hospital . every so often she will pass a car , 59 49 . but for the most part , she 's the only one on the road . the night be dark and the car 's headlight cast harsh shadow on the tree at the side of the road . she 's deep in think , rattle from the encounter with the man at the hospital . she stare at the road , the tree pass by hypnotically . and then she see what look like a pregnant woman crawl from the treeline at the side of the road . but only for a moment . as she drive 's quickly past , she 's go . startle , she look back in the rear-view mirror . nothing but darkness . she turn back to the road ahead of she and take a deep breath , regain she calm . but stand there in the middle of the road be a little girl . muldoon swerve to avoid the child , come to a screeching halt at the side of the road . she throw open the car door and get out , look for the child she have nearly hit . but as she look around , there 's no one in sight . int , police precinct ( basement ) - night 59 muldoon sit at a desk in the basement of the precinct surround by rack of old case file . she 's alone . the whole place be dark except for the small light at the desk . empty , the space look cavernous . muldoon , wear headphone , listen to a tape in a cassette player . she 's listen to detective Wilson 's voice . before the madness set in . wilson ( on the tape ) +... can not stop think about the lander murder . when we find she , the girl , she have belt mark all around she body . sinched sc tight there be scar . a beat . wilson ( cont 'd ) ( on the tape ) how often do they do this that they give the kid scar ? the think give he pause . 50 . wilson ( cont 'd ) but the bruise on she head , hand , and chest all seem self - inflicted . he sigh . wilson ( cont ’d ) I can not imagine what be go on in that house . what be they do to she ? I be just try to find some sort of reason for it all . muldoon stop the tape . she hit fast forward and then play . wilson ( cont ’d ) ( on the tape ) ++- and now ever since I go to that house I have be see shit . Wilson 's voice be more emotional now . wilson ( cont ’d ) I can not get it out of my head . I think I be go crazy . Wilson go quiet on the tape . wilson ( cont ’d ) ( on the tape ) what be that ? wilson ( cont 'd ) ( on the tape ) oh god . this be what I mean . a click . a long , quiet static . muldoon wait . and then a steady , wheeze static . muldoon stop the tape . just then , muldoon hear something behind she . she look around , nothing . but it 's suddenly very quiet . and then she hear it again . the faint sound of a little girl 's laugh . the basement be dark and empty . but overhead she can hear the footstep and muffle voice of the night officer upstairs . muldoon call out . muldoon hello ? no response . she look around the dark basement . something feel strange . 60 61 51 . int . police precinct ( basement bathroom ) - night 60 muldoon walk into the bathroom . she stand at the sink and splashes water on she face . behind she , the door to the toilet stall be close . suddenly , inside the stall someone step down , as if from the toilet , revealing a woman 's foot beneath the door . muldoon do not notice . slam ! a knock from inside the stall . muldoon turn . the stall door be close , but there 's no one stand there . at least not that she can see . muldoon be someone there ? she wait . slam ! again , another knock . startle , muldoon rush out of the bathroom . int . police precinct ( basement ) - night 61 she stumble back into the main room of the basement . across the room , in the shadow , she can see someone stand there watch she . muldoon hello ? no response . muldoon ( cont 'd ) be someone there ? and then they walk away . muldoon 's heart race . she rush back to the desk and gather she belonging . as she shut off the light , the shape of a woman be stand right behind she . but she do not notice . she hurry through the dark basement to the stair . 62 63 52 . int . police precinct ( security room ) - night 62 muldoon go to the security room of the precinct and knock on the door . no one answer , so she push open the door and look inside . no one inside . twelve tv screen display different angle of the precinct . at this time of night , the place be pretty sparse . muldoon look down at the control board on the desk and find she way to the control for the basement camera . she rewind the tape and watch . on the screen , she see herself walk into the bathroom , and then a few moment later , stumble out in fright . she watch as she walk back to the desk across the room and out of view of the camera . and just then , the door open . as if someone be follow she out . a deep seed terror come over muldoon as she pause the tape on the door , seemingly open on its own , int . the muldoon house ( live room ) - night 63 muldoon and she son sit on the couch watch a old movie on tv , but muldoon 's mind be elsewhere . the young boy watch he mother . after a while , he ask : burke be you okay Mom ? muldoon be take aback by the question . muldoon what ? the little boy turn he stare back to the tv . burke I do not want to lose you too . the sentiment break muldoon 's heart . she pull she son in close . muldoon I be not go anywhere . nothing be go to happen to I . cuT to black . 64 53 . int . lander car - day 64 Sam lander drive down a suburban highway . his wife Fiona in the passenger seat beside he . a palpable tension cut through the car . SAM you really want to go through all this again ? fiona we have no choice . she put a pencil through that boy 's hand . we be lucky the parent be not suing we ! Sam shake he head . SAM I just do not believe it . fiona there be other kid who see she do it . SAM have you ever see she be violent ? she look at he , surprised by the question . SAM ( cont 'd ) she 's just hyper . it 's all that shit you let she eat . Fiona take a deep breath . try not to explode . fiona they want we to take she to a doctor . SAM for what ? his blood be start to boil . fiona you and I both know there 's something not right with she . on the brink of rage , he 's adamant . SAM enough with this shit ! there 's nothing wrong with my daughter . 65 66 54 . fiona you have to stop deny it . he 's do with the conversation . SAM we be here . ext . spencer realty - day 65 they pull into the parking lot of Spencer Realty . the office be small and tuck away on the side of the road . Sam park the car and they head into the small one story building . int . spencer realty ~ day 66 Fiona and Sam walk into the wait room as Nina Spencer be escort out detective muldoon . in the small wait area , the lander take a seat by the window while Nina and muldoon exchange they goodby . nina well if you do decide to make the move , give we a call . muldoon thanks so much . it be great talk to you . Nina lower she voice and say with a sympathetic smile : nina I hope you husband pull through . muldoon put on a smile . muldoon I too . muldoon head out the door into the parking lot . nina have a good one ! Nina turn to Fiona and Sam with a smile . nina ( cont 'd ) Mr. and Mrs. lander ? how be you guy ? come on back and we can get start . CUT to black . 67 55 . title card : '' peter & nina '' int . the lander house - night 67 it 's night now at the lander 's house . Peter Spencer be still wait with melinda in the empty home . his phone start to buzz . he look down at the screen : '' nina '' . he pick up the phone . peter hi . nina ( over the phone ) where be you ? peter still at the house . he sound annoyed . nina ( over the phone ) nothing from the parent ? peter not yet . nina ( over the phone ) you sound tired . he rub he eye . peter I be exhaust . nina ( over the phone ) what time do you think you will be home ? peter no idea . nina ( over the phone ) how be she ? Peter look over to melinda asleep on the couch curl up into a small ball . 68 56 . peter she 's sleep . Nina make a strange sound on the other end of the line . peter ( cont ‘d ) what 's wrong ? int . the spencer home ( bedroom ) ~- night 68 Nina sit back in bed , quietly caress she pregnant belly . the phone tuck between she shoulder and ear . the tv be on , the flicker lighting up she face in the dark room . nina nothing . the baby just move . Peter 's quiet . peter ( over the phone ) how be you feel about everything ? she do not know how to respond . peter ( cont 'd ) ( over the phone ) I know thig be not the time , but ... he sigh . peter ( cont ’d ) ( over the phone ) I just want to know where we be . she take a moment to gather the word . after a few moment , she speak . nina I do not want to be a mother . I do not think I do . tear start to well in she eye . nina ( cont 'd ) this morning I wake up , ready to tell you I do not want to do this . she stop . 69 57 . nina ( cont 'd ) but the think of end it . really do it . I can not stand the think of it . I already love this baby . so much more than I think I do . she choke up as she say the word . nina ( cont ’d ) and I ' 11 love this baby no matter what . there 's a long silence on the other end of the line . she wait for a response in anxious anticipation . int . the lander house ( live room ) - night 69 Peter sit there stunne , the phone press tightly to he ear . he 's quiet . it have not quite hit he yet . nina ( over the phone ) Peter ? be you still there ? he smile . peter yeah , I be still here . I be really happy tha - ~ suddenly , the doorbell ring . Peter 's eye dart to the front door . nina ( over the phone ) be that the bell ? he look back to melinda on the couch , but she do not so much as stir . peter maybe they be finally home . nina ( over the phone ) ringing the bell at they own house ? Peter 's eyeing the door when the doorbell ring again . peter lemme get it . I x11 call you later . 58 . nina ( over the phone ) okay . Peter , I love you . peter I love you too , he hang up the phone . he walk to the door and peer through the peep hole . someone be stand on the other side of the door , but whoever it be , they be stand too close to the door to see . he try to discern who he 's look at but he can not tell . so he open the door . but there 's no one there . confused , Peter stare at the empty doorstep . he take a step outside and look around . no sign of anyone . plague by exhaustion he brushes it off and he step back inside . the house be now even darker since night have fall . Peter hear a strange wheeze hiss come from somewhere in the house . a wet , crackle wheeze . unnerve , he look around . he return to the live room to find that the girl be now go . confused , he look around the house . the bathroom , the guest room , the kitchen . he check every room on the first floor . but can not find the little girl anywhere . he head back to the entryway and look up the steep stair near the front door . at he foot , he see stain in the carpet runner that look like black ink spill down the staircase . it 's sticky under he foot . as he head up the stair , he can clearly hear a child 's voice come from the second floor . and more faintly , he hear a adult woman 's voice , fear like he 's never experience before run though he body . holding he breath , he sneak up the stair , step by step . at the top of the stair , he heart be racing . beating out of he chest . and then he hear that odd mechanical laugh . the doll 's laugh he would hear in he own home the night before . come from the door at the end of the hallway . his heart skip a beat . hesitant , he make he way down the hallway towards the sound . as he get closer , he can almost make out what the child inside the room be say . but the woman 's voice be soft , almost a whisper . 70 71 59 . peter ( cont 'd ) hello ? slowly he step closer and closer . the two voice inside the room get louder . he get to the door but wait . and then slowly , he push it open . int . the lander house ( melinda ‘s bedroom ) - night 70 but the only person in the room be melinda . the room be clearly the girl 's bedroom . crayon drawing do by the girl litter the floor . all of they be the same . a bloody little girl next to a bloody woman with a baby in she belly , chop up into piece . a heavy black smudge scratch into every one , hover above the bloody body . melinda sit on the floor , rock back and forth , scratch a black smudge into a new draw . she pay no attention to Peter , out of breath , stand in the doorway . he look around , baffle . peter be you just talk to someone ? melinda be engross in she picture and do not look up to acknowledge he . he step into the room and look at the picture scattered on the floor . they be surreal . and incredibly creepy . suddenly , melinda look up to the ceiling . Peter look up . a large dark spot of drip , fetid , black mold be grow from the wet , rotting drywall in the ceiling . he look back to melinda , stare at the stain above they . right then , he hear the whir of a circular see buzzing from another room . he turn , startle by the sound . int , the lander house ( upstair hallway ) - night 71 he step backwards out of the little girl 's bedroom . in the hallway , he look towards the sound . at the other end of the hallway , be the bathroom . through the crack in the door , he see a man , obscure by the door frame , on he knee , bent over something in the bathtub . 72 60 . the man pants like a animal , the see buzzing in he hand . sawing something wet . Peter stagger back , frighten by the sight . but as he do , a woman sob , right behind he . the breath of she cry a cold breeze on the back of he neck . he gasp as he turn from the shock . but there 's no one behind he , he quickly turn back to the bathroom at the other end of the hallway . but the man with the see be go and the room be now dark . he look at the open door , and the dark room it lead to . then slowly , against he better judgement , he step forward towards the room . int . the lander house ( bathroom ) - night 72 Peter step into the upstairs bathroom . the same black stain he no see downstairs be scattered about the floor and the ceiling be a rotten mess of black mold . Peter flip the light switch on the wall , but the light do not come on . he look down into the bathtub and see the mess of scratch and groove leave by a circular see . the porcelain mangle with jag scar . then , that sound again , that horrible wheeze hiss . the sound crawl up he spine , chill he to the core . his heart start to race . his mouth dry , he leg weak , he can not catch he breath . but the wheeze slowly become the sound of swarm fly . he turn towards the sound . fly be swarm from the closet in the wall behind he . he creep closer to the closet door , leave open only ever so slightly . the sound of the fly swarm grow louder and louder . he open the door and more fly swarm out of the closet , fly to freedom . Inside the closet , be a small door in the ceiling lead to a crawl space overhead . at the edge of the door in the ceiling , a whole nest of fly have make home in the crevice . swarm and crawl all over it . Peter swat he way to the door above he and push it open . it fling open with a thud . more fly flood from the shadow of the crawl space . he step into the closet and peer he head up into the darkness . 73 61 . int . the lander house ( crawl space ) —- night 73 Peter look around in the small crawl space . it 's so dark that he can not be sure , but it look like there be something lay a few foot in front of he . a large heap of something . swarm with fly . as he eye adjust , he think he can make it out . something wrap in plastic . he reach into he pocket and take out he phone . he flip it open , use the dimly illuminate screen as a flashlight . and then he see she . chopped up . mangle . parcel into four translucent garbage bag . Fiona lander 's decaye , pregnant , maggot ride corpse . her lifeless eye , forever open . peter oh my god . CUT to black . 74 62. int . the lander house ( melinda 's bedroom ) - night 74 melinda sit in she bed rock back and forth . her eye wide . the bedroom door be close . but she can hear she parent fight in the other room . fiona ( 0.s. ) she need help , Sam ! there 's clearly something wrong with she ! SAM ( 0.8 . ) you keep say this ! but there 's nothing wrong with she ! fiona ( 0.s. ) nothing wrong ? nothing wrong ?! you be not the one up with she when she wake up six time a night . she 's scream at he at the top of she lung . fiona ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you be not the one in the office at school talk to she teacher , have to look they in the eye and listen to all the shit she 's do and then apologize for it ! it 's blood curdle . choke back the sob as she scream , shriek . she can not control herself . fiona ( 0.s.} ( cont 'd ) you be not the one who lay on top she when she start hit herself and can not stop ! you be not there Sam ! you be not fuck there ! and then it 's quiet . and calmly he ask : SAM ( 0.s. ) have you ever think that maybe it 's you ? the silence that follow be deafen . and then she explode : fiona ( 0.s. ) I , Sam ? I ?! melinda just sit there listen to it all . fiona ( cont 'd ) how dare you . CUT to black . 75 76 63. title card : '' the matheson '' int . the matheson house ( bedroom ) — night 75 we know it as the lander 's house that mid-century modern ranch at the end of the cul - de-sac . but it 's now home to a new family , the matheson . faith matheson thrashes desperately on the floor . her eye roll back in she head . her frail limb flail helplessly . her husband william matheson ( 72 ) , sit on the floor , hold she body in he arm . the embrace be warm and loving . he whisper . william shh . it 's okay . it 's okay . tear stream down he face . he rock back and forth with he wife 's seize body . like a parent try to sooth a child . william ( cont ’d ) it will be over soon . a empty bottle of pill sit on the table beside the bed . he struggle to speak , choke on he word . william ( cont 'd ) I love you . the old woman 's thrashing slow to sporadic twitches . he hug she tight , brush the hair from she face lovingly . william ( cont 'd ) I 'il be with you soon . but the gurgle of she tongue down she throat be haunt . ext . airport - day 76 airplane land and take off in the background . a cute older woman in she sixty walk out of the rental car office into the parking lot , wheeling a small suitcase behind she . lorna ( v.0 . ) I be know as a exit guide . she 's dress neatly , and look older than she be in a very grandmotherly sort of way . 77 78 64 . lorna ( v.0 . ) I sit with people who have make the decision to end they life on they own term . this be lorna moody . ext . the matheson house - day 77 lorna pull up in front of the matheson house . she park she rental car on the street at the end of the driveway and get out . lorna ( v.0 . ) I want to start by answer any question you may have for I . she walk up the long driveway towards the house and knock on the front door . william ( v.0 . ) how long will it take she to die ? int . the matheson house , ( live room ) ~ day 78 William , on the couch , stare intensely at lorna , sit in the armchair across from he . his eye wide and tired . lorna we prefer method be a gas that require the use of a hood . it 's a one hundred percent effective . and its peaceful . the tone of she voice be soothing and slow . but he stare back at she . william how long will it take she to die ? her word choice be deliberate . lorna once she pull the hood down over she head , she will be unconscious in five to ten second . that 's all she 'il know . his stare bore a hole through she . she can tell he 's exhaust . 65 . william but how long will it take she to die ? she cut to the chase . lorna she 'il be dead within twenty minute . he let it sink in , nodd he head . for a moment , he tone shift oddly . william can I get you something ? tea ? coffee ? he 's nervous . lorna I be fine . it 's quiet . William lose in think . william how many time have you do this ? lorna I have be a compassionate presence at the bedside of forty - four people . she can tell he 's distraught . lorna ( cont ’d ) this can be a wonderful thing . I believe that no one should ever have to die alone . we do not come into this world alone , and we should not have to leave it alone . but the sentiment do not seem to make he feel any better . lorna ( cont ’d ) Mr. matheson , I do need to warn you . in order for anybody to be able to do this , that be , anyone involved with we organization , they must be mentally competent and physically able to carry this out themselves . do you understand ? he nod . 66 . lorna ( cont ’d ) can you tell I about you wife ? he 's quiet for a moment , avoid eye contact . she give he time . eventually , he speak . william we find out she be sick last year . she be pretty far go before we realize . we move here to be closer to she doctor . but after the move she start get worse . she lose all feel waist down . can not stand , can not walk , nothing . lorna I be so sorry . I can not imagine how hard it 's be on the both of you . her compassion be deep and genuine . william before we know about you organization , she try to end she life . lorna do you mind if I ask how ? william she use to be a nurse ... lorna medication ? he nod . william but she 's try three time . the first time , she be out for a while . and I promise she I would not call a ambulance or anything . I tell she I would just be there for she until she wake up . lorna listen closely as the older man speak , watch he with a sympathetic gaze . william ( cont 'd ) we regroupe , and when she feel stronger , she try again , upping the dosage . and she be out longer . but she still wake up . ( more ) 67 . william ( cont 'd ) and I just sit with she . through all of it . alone . he start to tear up . william ( cont 'd ) she try one more time . and she be out for four day . and I just sit there with she . wait for she to die . tear roll down he cheek . william ( cont ’d ) I be terrify . he hide he eye as he wipe the moisture from beneath he glass . william ( cont ' D ) I go up there one time , and I almost think I would have to put a pillow over she face . can you believe that ? he hang he head . william ( cont ’d ) she wake up again . after four day . he breathes a heavy sigh of defeat . william ( cont 'd ) I can not do it anymore . lorna can see the toll that this have take on the man . she smile . lorna well , I be glad that you call . hopefully I can help . he stare deep into she eye . william I too . the man 's stare be pierce . lorna let 's go see you wife . 79 68. int . the matheson house ( bedroom ) - day 79 William stand in the doorway watch lorna with he wife . faith be in a wheelchair in the corner of the room . a glaze , far off look in she eye . lorna sit at the foot of the bed talk to she . lorna Mrs. matheson , my name be lorna moody . do you know why I be here ? faith force a odd smile but do not respond . lorna look to William in the door , concerned . lorna ( cont ’d ) Mrs. matheson . you husband tell I about you condition , and I be here to see if I can help . still no response from the old woman , faith move she limp hand to cover she face . lorna ( cont 'd ) Mrs. matheson ? be you alright ? the woman open she hand like door . faith peek-a-boo ! lorna watch as the old woman laugh to herself . it 's unsettle . but she can tell that although faith be face she , the woman 's focus seem to be on something behind she . lorna turn to look . no one there . and then back to the woman in the wheelchair . lorna who be you play with ? faith 's eye slowly move to meet lorna 's . faith my friend . again , she shoot a look to William . lorna what 's you friend 's name ? faith be quiet . the smile on she face fade . and after a few moment she answer . 80 69 . faith melinda . lorna look at the contort expression scrawle across the woman 's face . lorna . be melinda here with we now ? nothing . then slowly , faith nod . int . the matheson house ( hallway ) — day 80 lorna walk out of the bedroom into the hall where William wait for she . she close the door behind she as she emerge , a sadden look on she face . william please , I understand that ... lorna Mr. matheson , I be clear on the requirement . and I be truly , deeply sorry , but you wife be no longer mentally competent . there 's a painful desperation in he voice , twinge with anger , but he keep quiet with he wife just behind the door . william what be I suppose to do ? lorna I can recommend some doctor for you to speak with . william I do not want to talk to any more doctor ! please , you can not just leave . she 's at a loss for word . lorna I be deeply sorry for everything you and you wife have be through . but you misrepresent you wife 's state . she 's just too far go . William stare off , he 's destroy . she see what pain she 's cause . 81 82 83 70 . lorna ( cont ' D ) I can stay for a few day . to help you look over you option . I may not be able to help the way you want . but I can be here to support you no matter what . would that be okay ? there 's a look of sad desperation on he face . int . police precinct - day 81 detective goodman burst through the door of the precinct . exhausted and soaking wet from the rain , he hustle into the bull pen . he look around and spot detective greco across the room . he call out to he . goodman where be he ? greco roll he eye . GRECO where do you think ? int . police precinct ( basement ) - day 82 goodman walk down the stair into the dark basement . at a desk in the corner of the cavernous space be detective Wilson . Wilson be sit in the dark , huddle over a tape recorder , headphone over he ear , mutter quietly into a microphone , int . diner - day 83 the sun be start to set . a distant police siren blare in the distance . goodman and Wilson sit across from each other at the table . Wilson 's hardly touch the food in front of he , but he cup of coffee be nearly empty . goodman you look like shit . wilson it 's the case . Wilson 's hand be shaky . 71 . goodman we close the case month ago . Wilson shake he head . wilson do not give I that shit . he lock eye with goodman . a intense and unsettle stare . wilson ( cont 's / D ) you know exactly why I be do this . goodman look away . goodman I get it . I do . and I wish I know how to help you . goodman 's voice be genuinely sympathetic . goodman ( cont 'd ) but you can not show up to work like this . take some time off . spend time with you girl . you gotta get you mind off this shit . he 's a quiet for a moment . goodman ( cont 'd ) then maybe it x11 stop . Wilson 's downcast eye start to glaze over as the tear well . wilson it will never stop . he look up , stare once again , deep into goodman 's eye . wilson ( cont ’d ) there 's a woman . outside . he lower he voice to a whisper and lean in . wilson ( cont 'd ) shes the one who 's do this . goodman stare back at he . a chill run up he spine . wilson ( cont ’d ) I can see she face . 84 72 . goodman be more scared than he let on . slowly , he turn he head to look out the window beside they . but there 's no one there . just a parking lot full of car . he turn back to Wilson . goodman there 's no one there . a tear stream down Wilson 's cheek . he 's quiet . goodman ( cont 'd ) let get out of here . goodman stand and walk to the cash register by the door . Wilson watch he go . he turn back to the window outside . but we do not see what he see . just the terrify look in he eye . ext . diner parking lot ~ day 84 goodman and Wilson walk out of the diner . goodman head to the car . but Wilson be hesitant . look around as he walk slowly , lag behind goodman . goodman see the fear in he partner . but there 's no one in the parking lot except for they . goodman there 's no one here . Wilson nod . slowly , he follow to the car . peer out the side of he eye as he go . goodman unlock the car and they get in . Wilson 's heart be beat out of he chest . he can hardly catch he breath . goodman ( cont ’d ) you good ? he nod . wilson yeah . but he 's not . slowly , he turn to the window beside he . fearing what he might see . but there 's no one there . then he look up , to the rearview mirror . still nothing . goodman it 's all in you head . 85 73. he turn to look at goodman . but stand behind goodman , outside the car ... be the body of Fiona lander , break and twisted . stare back at he . Wilson scream . goodman turn to look . but there 's no one there . Wilson kick and thrashes . goodman ( cont 'd ) Wilson ! Wilson scream . goodman be panicked and confuse . goodman ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? but the man just keep scream . goodman ( cont ’d ) Wilson ! Wilson ! int . the matheson house ( guest bedroom ) - night 85 William come in from the hall and flick on the light . william I make up the guest room for you . we recognize the room . the bedroom once belong to melinda lander . now it 's decorate as a very sparse , utilitarian guest bedroom with a fold out couch . the couch have be pull out , and the bed be make . William look around . there be not much other furniture or decoration in the room . embarrass , he smile . william ( cont 'd ) we do not get much company . she smile as she wheel she suitcase into the room . lorna it 's lovely . a drop of water fall on she shoulder . she look up . there 's a enormous wet spot in the ceiling . Dark , and start to mold . william leaky roof . 74 . look like more than a leaky roof . lorna mmm . william like I say . do not get much company . they stand there awkwardly for a moment . william ( cont 'd ) be there anything else I can get you ? lorna nope . I think I be all good . William stand in the doorway . william alright , well , I have to run to the store for some dinner . I will not be long . lorna oh you do not have to do that ! he smirk . william do not have much in the kitchen either . lorna well let I go . it 's the least I can do . 86 ext . grocery store ( parking lot ) - night 86 the sun have set , and in a town with few street light , the night be very dark . the lot be nearly pitch black , light only by the faint glow emanate from the fluorescent light of the store . lorna pull into the parking lot and park she rental car . the lot be large and nearly empty . she get out of she car and walk through the fluorescent glow of the desolate lot to the store . 87 88 75 . int . grocery store - night 87 she walk through the aisle push a cart , gather the ingredient to make dinner . the aisle of product be immaculately neat and organize . so much so that it 's almost odd . she stare at the selection at the meat counter . the bloody cut of meat on display . there 's something inappropriately gory about the sight . suddenly , she feel a hand hold hers . the hand of a little girl . she glance down , but there 's no one stand there . no little girl . she look around . a odd chill ripple through she , but she continue on through the aisle . she stop at the row and row of baby food . she look to the list in she hand and then back to the shelf . for a moment , there 's a little girl stand at the end of the aisle watch she . lorna can feel the eye on she . she turn . but again , there 's no one there . out of breath and uneasy , she look around . the whole place feel eerily empty . she remove a few jar from the shelf , put they into she cart and hurry to the cashier . ext . grocery store ( parking lot ) - night 88 lorna rush through the dark parking lot to she car . still on edge , she walk quickly , she grocery bag tight in she arm , she keep she eye straight and head directly for she car . she unlock the door and get in , place the grocery on the seat beside she . hastily , she try to start the car . but it will not start . lorna come on . she try again . still nothing . on the brink of panic she try one more time . and it work . the engine turn on and rest with a steady hum . she breathes a sigh of relief and smile . just then , she phone ring . the sudden noise startles she with a yelp . 89 76 . she pull the device from she pocket and look down at the screen : '' unknown '' she watch as it ring in she hand . she wait for a moment , and then answer the phone . lorna ( cont 'd ) hello ? quiet . lorna ( cont 'd ) hello ? she wait . still nothing . she 's about to hang up when she hear a odd sound . a deep , wet , gurgle wheeze . and then quiet again . a long quiet . but she wait . and then the sound of a little girl 's laugh . Far off and mechanical . unsettle , she quickly hang up the phone . she peer around the parking lot . no one in sight . but just then , she hear someone shuffle in the seat behind she . her heart drop . slowly , she look to the rear-view mirror . terrify of what she will see . her heart race as she eye lock on the mirror . but there 's no one there . relieved , she sigh and shake it off . she press she foot down on the gas pedal and speed out of the parking lot . but just as she do , we catch a glimpse of melinda . crouched on the floor behind lorna 's seat . just out of view . int . goodman 's house ( live room ) - night 89 goodman sit on the couch smoking a cigarette . '' the price be right " be on tv . he stare at the tv set , a glaze look in he eye . a half eat bowl of cereal on the coffee table in front of he . he finish he cigarette and crush the butt into the ash tray beside he . its nearly overflow . he sit there in front of the tv , but he mind be somewhere else . he get up off the couch and go to the kitchen . he pick up the phone . he dial a number and wait . it ring and ring . but it go to voicemail . wilson {over the phone ) detective Wilson . leave a message . 90 91 77 . beep . goodman it 's I . where be you ? just want to see how you be do . he sigh , try to think of the word to say . goodman ( cont 'd ) I hate see you like this . for a moment he 's lose in think . he chuckle dishonestly , try to lighten he tone with feign sarcasm . goodman ( cont 'd ) so man up and get you shit together . he 's quiet . the fake smile fade fast . goodman ( cont 'd ) call I back when you get this . he hang up . he sit down at the kitchen table and light a cigarette . he try to relax . but he mind be plague by anxious thought . int . lorna's rental car - night 90 lorna drive down the dark suburban street . the bag of grocery in the back seat behind she . she turn a corner and head down reyburn drive . she stop at the end of the matheson 's driveway . she park she car and get out . ext . the matheson house - night 91 lorna take the grocery bag from the back seat , lock the car and head up the driveway . but as she approach the house , she see a man . stand on the front lawn , stare up at the house . muttering to himself , he hand twitching . it 's detective Wilson . but to lorna , he 's a stranger . keeping she distance , the paper bag tense in she arm , she call out to he . lorna hello ? 92 78. but he do not so much as turn to look at she . he just keep stare up at the house . his gaze transfix on one of the upstairs window . lorna ( cont 'd ) Excuse I ? no reply . lorna ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , sir ? he just keep mutter . she look around . there 's not another person or car in sight . but the light be on inside the matheson house . cautiously , she walk up the driveway towards the house , maintain a safe distance from the man on the lawn . she keep she eye lock on he the whole time as she walk . her heart racing , ready to run at any moment . but the man pay she no attention . he 's focus on the house . int . the matheson house - night 92 lorna walk in and quickly lock the door behind she . she breathes a deep sigh of relief . she put the grocery bag down on the floor and try to catch she breath . lorna Mr. matheson ?! he call out from another room . william ( 0.8 . ) in here ! she rush down the hallway to the live room where William and faith be watch tv . lorna Mr. matheson , there 's a strange man stand on you front lawn . William sigh . seem nothing more than mildly annoyed , he stand and walk over to the window on the other side of the room . lorna ( cont 'd ) I try to get he attention , but I think there 's something wrong with he . 79 . William peel back the curtain and look out . he see detective Wilson stand outside the house stare up at the upstairs window . William shake he head and go to the phone . lorna 's confuse by William 's reaction to what she 's find quite odd . lorna ( cont 'd ) do you know he ? William speak into the phone . william he 's here again . he listen . william ( cont 'd ) yeah . okay , see you scon . he hang up the phone . lorna who be he ? William sit back down on the couch . william he 's a cop . lorna walk to the window . lorna what 's he do ? she watch Wilson with that wide eye stare , mutter to himself endlessly . william who know . he work a case here before we move in , now he will not leave we alone . William wipe drool from faith 's lower lip . her eye be glaze , but there 's a smile on she face as the helpless woman watch the television . lorna a case ? lorna 's tension start to alleviate , she try to lighten the mood . 93 80 . lorna ( cont ’d ) I hope it be not a murder . she laugh playfully . William do not react . lorna 's smile fade as she eat she word . lorna ( cont 'd ) oh god , it be , be not it . William smile awkwardly . william would you want I to tell you if it be ? int . goodman be car ~ night 93 goodman drive along the dark street with Wilson sit in the passenger seat beside he . goodman you gotta stop it with this shit . do you wife know where you be ? goodman keep he eye on the road , unable to look he partner in the eye . even if he could , he have see nothing there . there 's a daze , empty look on Wilson 's face . Wilson reach into he pocket and pull out he gun . he pull back the safety and hold the weapon below he chin . but goodman 's eye be lock on the road and he do not notice . goodman ( cont ’d ) you be drive yourself crazy . I be sorry I ever say anything . the gun poise and ready to shoot . goodman ( cont 'd ) think about you family ... goodman turn to look at he partner . and see the gun . goodman ( cont 'd ) shit ! he reach for Wilson 's arm . knock the gun in he grasp . but Wilson pull the trigger . blood splatter across goodman 's face , 94 81 . goodman slam on the break , skid to a stop . Wilson 's body flop onto goodman 's lap . blood ooze from the side of he face . his eye still open and blink , lock around in confusion . goodman ( cont ’d ) no no no no no . what do you do ?! int . the matheson house ( kitchen ) - night 94 lorna stand at the counter chopping vegetable , prepare dinner for William . William sit at the table beside he wife in she wheelchair . lorna watch as the man spoon feed he catatonic wife . the moment be difficult to watch . faith , at the moment , be in a total catatonic state . her eye glassy , wide , and far off . William scoops a spoon into the small jar of baby food and hold it to he wife 's limp lip . william that 's it . he ease the spoon into she mouth and then manually move she jaw and rub she throat to help she swallow . william ( cont 'd ) doin ' good , babe . lorna watch how gentle and calm he be with she . lorna you be so sweet with she . he do not take he eye off he wife as he continue to feed she . william she 's be sweet to I my whole life . its the least I can do . she watch how dedicated and unbother he be as he do this otherwise tediously upsetting task . lorna how long have you be marry ? william fifty year next month . 95 96 97 82. he say it with a smile . he wipe away the food dribble down he wife 's chin with he thumb , lovingly , and kiss she forehead . int . the matheson house ( guest bedroom ) - night 95 it 's the middle of the night . lorna be fast asleep . she toss in she sleep . rain beat down outside . suddenly , the closet door start to creep open . ever so slightly . the room be so dark , you would never be able to tell if something be emerge . lorna shiver in she sleep . she pull the cover tight up over she . slowly , she stir awake . groggy , she stand and walk to the thermostat across the room . she look down at the strange black inky substance rubbed into the carpet . she avoid the stain and continue to the thermostat . she turn up the heat and go back to bed , slowly she start to hear something . the sound of a woman ery come from down the hall . lorna sit up . she look around the darken room as the sound of the woman 's tear set in . a look of sadness across she face . she roll over and try to go back to sleep . but the woman keep cry . and she just lay there listen to the cry . eventually , she get out of bed . int . the matheson house ( hallway ) - night 96 lorna step into the dark hallway . her eye slowly adjust to the darkness . in the hallway the cry be louder . slowly she walk to the bathroom . it 's eerily tense as she walk down the dark hall . int . the matheson house ( bathroom ) - night 97 she flick on the light switch . but the light do not work . she try again . but still nothing . she sigh , close the door and lock it behind she . she sit down on the toilet in the dark room . there 's something unsettle about be in the small dark room in the middle of the night . the only light come from the moon through the window . 98 83. when she 's do , she stand at the sink and wash she hand . she avoid the mirror in the dark . then she hear something . the sound of someone breathe . behind she . she look up , accidentally stare back at she reflection in the mirror . but there 's no one in the room with she . she breathes deeply . feeling a sudden sense of unease . she turn and peer out the window . the backyard be dark and empty . blankete in harsh shadow . the grass be tall and unkempt , blow in the breeze . just then , she notice the cry have stop . she unlock the door and push it open . but the moment she open the door , a woman scream . Fiona lander scream in the middle of the hallway , she back to lorna . lorna quickly tuck back into the room . her heart racing in a panic . the scream stop . but lorna can hardly catch she breath . slowly , she lean into the doorway and peer into the hallway . the woman be go . lorna step back into the hallway . she do not notice , but as she go , there 's a shadow of a small girl stand on the other side of the shower curtain just behind she . int . the matheson house ( hallway ) - night 98 she step back into the dark hallway . from the top of the stair , she can see William downstairs . he 's in the live room asleep in front of the tv . then the cry again . from a room behind she . she loox around for the woman she have see only moment ago . but there 's no sign of she anywhere . lorna turn towards the sound of the cry down the hall . she hesitates for a moment . but start to walk towards it . grow louder as she approach . as she pass the bedroom she would be sleep in , we notice the shadow of a little girl curl up on the foot of the bed . rocking back and forth . but lorna do not notice . focus on the grow noise of the uncontrollable sob behind the door in front of she . 99 100 84 , she get to the door and knock quietly . lorna Mrs. matheson ? as if in response , the cry subside . she knock again , she voice shaking . lorna ( cont 'd ) Mrs. matheson , be you alright ? no response . slowly , she push open the door . int . the matheson house ( bedroom ) - night 99 lorna step into the dark room . faith in the bed , she back to lorna . lorna be you alright , Mrs. matheson ? no response . she step closer . lorna ( cont 'd ) Mrs. matheson ? the woman in the bed turn over . but it 's not faith matheson . Fiona lander lay there hysterically cry . lorna scream and stumble back . just as William burst into the room and turn on the light . william what 's wrong ? there 's a panic in he voice as he look around the room . lorna be shake with fright . pant , out of breath . William look to she . william ( cont ‘d ) what happen ? lorna turn to the bed . under the sheet , tuck in neatly and untouched , be faith matheson . her eye open in a comatose stare . int . the matheson house ( kitchen ) - night 100 lorna sit at the kitchen table sweat bullet . eye wide , she sip a cup of coffee . her hand be shaking . William stand lean on the counter by the sink . 101 85 . lorna Mr. matheson — — her voice quiver . lorna ( cont 'd ) I hope you do not take this the wrong way but - — — she can hardly muster the word . lorna ( cont ’d ) I believe that you house be haunt . he stare back at she , unaffected by the revelation . william I think someone like you might not mind we ... unique situation . clearly he be wrong , as the woman be visibly shake . lorna so you have see she too ? he nod . she look back at he , bewilder . lorna ( cont 'd ) why be you still here ? he think for a moment , as tear well in he eye . but he smile . william see they give I hope that maybe she 'il stick around too . after it 's all over . lorna think about the sentiment . but she do not know how to feel about it . william ( cont ’d ) it 's the only hope I have . the morbidly twisted logic be oddly heartwarming . int . the matheson house ( bedroom ) - night 101 upstair in the bedroom , faith still have that wide - eye comatose look on she face as she lay in bed . but the look in she eye be now fill with terror . 102 86 . because Fiona lander be lay on top of she . they face inch apart . the pregnant woman 's lip parte . that gruesome , seeping wheeze ooze from she tatter lung . thick , black , fetid tear drip from she eye onto faith matheson ' 's freeze cheek . the old woman paralyze with fear . int . the matheson house ( kitchen ) - day 102 the sun have come up and its now well into morning . William stand at the counter prepare breakfast . faith in she wheelchair , more coherent today , wheel herself into the room . William turn to she and smile . william still feel good ? she keep look behind she , a paranoid look in she eye . william ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong ? faith there 's a woman upstairs . she lower she voice to a whisper . faith ( cont 'd ) she 's asleep in the guest room . p g william that 's lorna sweetheart . remember ? faith mmm . she nod , feign remembrance as she wheel herself to the table . faith ( cont ’d ) but what 's she do here ? william she 's here to help we . faith with what ? william do not you remember sweetheart ? we call she together . last week . 103 104 87 . he can tell from the look on she face that faith be frustrated . he rub she shoulder . william ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , babe . she 's here to end all of this . but there 's a odd , skeptical look in faith 's eye . william ( cont 'd ) wanna help I with breakfast ? int . the matheson house ( hallway ) - day 103 lorna emerge from the guest room dress , pack , and ready to get back on the road . she walk down the stair . lorna Mr. matheson ? at the bottom of the stair she hear a noise in the kitchen , int . the matheson house ( kitchen ) — day 104 she walk into the kitchen where , much to she surprise , she find faith matheson , stand at the counter chopping vegetable . faith 's back be to lorna , stand in the doorway . lorna Mrs. matheson ? there 's no response , but the sight make lorna smile . lorna ( cont 'd ) I be happy to see you on you foot . her back still turn , faith do not respond . lorna ( cont 'd ) Mrs. matheson ? she just keep chopping at the cut board on the counter . just then , lorna see something out of the corner of she eye . something on the floor . she look down . William be face down on the floor with a fork stab into the side of he neck . he 's dead . but the scuff mark on the linoleum floor leave by the sole of he shoe indicate a terrible struggle . 105 106 88. lorna ( cont ’d ) oh my god . what do you do ? faith just keep chopping . lorna scream . lorna ( cont 'd ) what do you do ?! slowly , faith turn around , twist oddly at she hip and lorna see that she have not be chopping vegetable at all . faith 's be chopping she finger with a kitchen knife . her leave hand , a mangle , fleshy mess of stump . the woman ' 's face , unbearably sad . faith he want to kill I . lorna back away . lorna oh my god . just then , she hear something . that horrible , croaking gurgle . she turn . and stand right behind she in the corner of the room be the skeletal form of Fiona lander . limb break and twisted at every joint . Fiona rub she pregnant belly with she mangle hand , jerk back and forth at the break elbow . blood stream down she leg . lorna scream and run for the door . desperately claw and scramble as she go . she fumble with the door and then bolt out of the house . she run down the driveway out to she car . ext . the matheson house - day 105 running like she 's never run before , she finally reach she rental car park at the end of the driveway . she get inside , slam the door , start the engine , and speed off . int . lorna nos rental car — day 106 panicked , she speed down the wood back road . pant , out of breath , a craze look on she face . she mutter to herself . 107 89 . lorna you be okay . you be okay . you be okay . but she heart race . she look to the rearview mirror . and Fiona lander be sit there in the back seat behind she . her arm outstretch , grip the steering wheel tight , she swerve as she scream . and just then , she elbow hyperextend , seemingly on its own . the bone violently crack the wrong way with a snap . ext . service road ~ day 107 the car spin out of control . spin wildly down the street . bounce back and forth between the guard rail . but eventually it come to a stop , screeching from the friction under the tire . and the car just sit there in the middle of the road . the chaos quiet . and time pass . day turn to night many time over . day ; then week , then month go by . the remainder of the winter 's snow melt . the tree regrow they leave and then lose they once again . all the while , the car and lorna 's corpse remain untouched . as the month pass and season change , not a single car drive down the road . eventually a truck come along and the driver stop when he spot lorna 's wreck , he make a call and before long the place be swarm with cop and emergency vehicle . when the fire department arrive , they pry the car 's door off with the jaw of life and reveal the twisted body inside . and then goodman and muldoon arrive at the scene . uniform officer escort the detective under the tape line surround the scene . and goodman and muldoon head into the chaos . unaware of what 's to transpire . cur to black . 108 90 . int . the lander house ( live room ) - day 108 melinda lay on the floor of the live room thrashing and scream and cry . her arm bound to she side by she father 's belt strapped tight around she body . her parent be fight in the kitchen , but she can hear everything . SAM ( 0.s. ) how dare you speak to I like that ! melinda hear the slap across she mother 's face . she kick and flail . SAM ( o0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) do not look at I like that . and then the sound of pot and pan crash . plates smash . and the sound of she mother cry . fiona ( 0.8 . ) I be sorry , Sam . I be sorry . melinda scream and wail . but she parent be not listen . CUT to black . 109 110 gl . title card : '' goodman & muldoon '' int . the muldoon house ( kitchen ) - day 109 burke sit at the table , a birthday cake adorn with seven candle in front of he . goodman and muldoon stand on either side of the boy . goodman & muldoon ( sing ) ..- happy birthday dear burke . happy birthday to you ! goodman be uncharacteristically enthusiastic as he sing . but muldoon be distract . her mind be elsewhere . goodman take notice , but pretend to ignore it . goodman alright kid , make a wish . the little boy smile and blow out the candle . goodman watch , beam . the family he never think he have have . but he can tell something be wrong with muldoon . int , the muldoon house ( live room ) - day 110 muldoon , burke and goodman sit on the couch watch a old movie . burke cuddle close to he mother , the two of they under a blanket . muldoon have doze oft . goodman glance over . goodman ( whisper ) ey , muldoon . she shake awake and look around , groggy . she 's shake . muldoon do I fall asleep ? goodman why do not I get out of here . goodman watch as muldoon rub the sleep from she eye . there 's something off about she demeanor . 111 112 92 . ext . the muldoon house - night 111 muldoon walk goodman out to he car . muldoon thanks for tonight . goodman yeah , of course . I love the kid . she put on a smile . muldoon it 's nice to feel normal for once . goodman find the remark odd . he stare back at she concerned . goodman you alright ? muldoon me? yeah , of course . just tired . goodman be sleep much ? she smile . muldoon I be fine ! stop worry about I . int . the muldoon house - night 112 muldoon have fall asleep on the couch in the live room in front of the tv . she stir awake and look around disorient . she get up and turn off the tv . she shut off the light in the live room and then the hallway , room by room , send the house into darkness . in the kitchen , she go to the thermostat and turn up the heat . she flick the light switch and the kitchen go dark . she look to the slide door across the room , lead to the dark backyard outside . they be unlock . she walk through the dark kitchen towards the large glass door . she reach for the lock and turn it . as she do , she peer outside into the darkness . 113 114 93. there , stand in the shadow , look back at she through the glass door be Fiona lander . just stare at she . her heart skip . quickly , she flick on the light illuminate the backyard . but there 's no one there . she catch she breath , shake it off , and walk out of the room . but there in the shadow in the corner of the room . be little melinda lander . sitting on the floor . rocking back and forth . ext . the muldoon house - night 113 the night be calm and quiet . but there 's a eeriness to the sway of the tree in the wind . int . the muldoon house ( master bedroom ) - night 114 muldoon be now asleep in bed . suddenly , the light turn on in the hallway outside . the light be off in the bedroom but a sliver of light peek in from beneath the close door . muldoon start to stir awake . suddenly , 's she hear something . a wheeze sound . quiet , but it 's there , creep from the corner of the room . then she hear it again , louder this time . slowly , she look to the corner , stare into the deep black shadow lurking by the door . it 's so dark , she can hardly see a thing , but she can tell there 's someone there . her voice quiver as she whisper . muldoon hello ? just then she notice a shadow . it step into the sliver of light beneath the door , as though someone be now stand on the other side of the door , muldoon ( cont 'd ) burke ? and then the shadow peel back , as if whoever be stand there have turn and leave . she get out of bed and open the door . but no one 's in the hallway . 115 117 94 , int . the muldcon house ( hallway ) -. night 115 muldoon step down the hallway to she son 's room . the only light on in the house be the light in the hallway . she open burke 's door and look inside . he 's alone in the room and fast asleep in bed . muldoon turn to leave quietly , but all of a sudden the tv turn on in the live room . the volume all the way up . the cacophonous burst of noise startles burke awake . he lift open he groggy eye . burke what 's go on ? confused , muldoon look down the hallway into the rest of the house . muldoon I think its a power surge . go back to sleep . burke lay back down and close he eye . muldoon step out of the room , flick off the light , and shut the door . int . the muldoon house ( live room ) ~- night 116 she walk down the hallway into the live room and look around . nothing seem out of the ordinary . but she find she self on edge . frightened . she try to shake it off . but she can not . she turn off the television . int . the muldoon house ( kitchen ) ~ night 117 she walk into the kitchen and find the dog sit and stare oddly at the slide door to the backyard . muldcon need to go out Frank ? she unlock the door and slide it open to let the dog out . but the dog do not budge . Frank just sit there stare . muldoon 's heart start to race . then the dog get down low to the ground , belly to the floor , and whimper , stare out into the backyard . 118 95 . muldoon ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? she look out into the dark backyard . muldoon ( cont ’d ) do you see something ? it 's get harder to breath . the dog whimper and still will not move . muldoon step outside . muldoon ( cont ‘d ) come Frank . still nothing from the dog . muldoon ( cont ‘d ) come on bud . finally , the dog reluctantly step outside . ext . the muldoon house ( backyard ) - night 118 for a moment the dog just stand there at muldoon 's side , he gaze transfix on the table a few yard in front of they . muldoon what 's wrong ? Frank start to growl at the table . muldoon look at it . the table be cover in a table cloth that hang down , obstruct the view underneath . just then , the tv inside the house turn back on . her eye dart to the house . her mind start to race and all of a sudden , she 's terrify . the dog keep growl . muldoon ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong ? muldoon stare at the table cloth rustling in the wind . muldoon ( cont 'd ) be there something under there ? the dog just keep growl . slowly , muldoon step towards the table , inching forward carefully . a frightful tension building within she . 119 96 . each step , she heart beat faster . the dog growl louder . finally , she get to the table and reach for the cloth . she lift the edge peel it back off the table . and there she see a little girl . melinda lander . Wide black eye , crouch underneath the table stare back at she . the little girl with swollen eye squeeze the tatter doll in she arm . and the doll let out a terrifying little mechanical giggle . muldoon scream . she stagger back , panting , try to catch she breath . as the tear stream down she face . int . the muldoon house ( kitchen ) - night 119 muldoon sit at the kitchen table , she teary eye downcast . muldoon you be the only person I have . goodman sit across the table from she , a sympathetic look on he face . goodman be it happen at all before you go to the house ? muldoon shake she head . muldoon I do not know . she pick at the skin around she fingernails nervously . muldoon ( cont 'd ) I just think that I have be think about all this stuff too much . goodman the case ? muldoon 's leg shake under the table . muldoon look at all this photo . reading all the horrible storey . 97 . goodman chew on the toothpick between he tooth twirling it back and forth with one hand . he sip a cup of coffee with the other as he listen . there 's a genuine look of understanding in the older man 's eye . muldoon ( cont ‘d ) I do not care how immune to it you be . it get to you . I can not close my eye without see this shit . goodman look at the shake , break woman . tear well up in muldoon 's eye . it 's a sad sight , muldoon sit there , so desperate , so helpless . for the first time , she lock eye with goodman , muldoon ( cont ‘d ) I think I be lose my mind . she look back down the hall towards she son 's bedroom . she hesitates for a moment . muldoon ( cont ’d ) I be just afraid that I will not be able to handle everything , and I will ... she choke up . muldoon ( cont 'd ) and I will make he go through it again . muldoon regains she composure . muldoon shake she head in dismay . goodman stare back at she , clearly overwhelm . muldoon ( cont 'd ) I do not know what to do . I be try so hard to pretend like I be not scared . but he can tell . she shake she head . muldoon ( cont 'd ) maybe I be go crazy . she take a deep breath . muldoon know how to cut through . she look up at goodman . muldoon ( cont 'd ) I go to see Wilson . goodman 's heart skip a beat . he try to hide it . 120 121 98 . goodman why have you go do a thing like that ? muldoon stare deep into he eye with a craze look . muldoon I need to know what he see and why you will not go near that house . int . goodman' house ( bedroom ) - night 120 goodman lay awake in bed , lose in think . he turn and look at the clock . nearly 5 am . he have not sleep a wink . int . police precinct ( bull pen ) ~ day 121 goodman walk into the precinct amidst the morning bustle . but today seem particularly hectic . more officer than usual , hustling back and forth between office . Three man in suit stand with the Captain in he office . goodman look around for muldoon . detective greco walk over and stand by goodman . his arm cross , he sip he coffee . the two man stand at the edge of the room , surveying the scene . goodman where 's muldoon ? greco shrug . GRECO first time in week she be not first one in . goodman nod towards the man in the Captain 's office . goodman what 's with the suit ? GRECO print come back on the body from the other day . goodman 's stomach drop . 99 . goodman mmm . goodman walk away towards he desk , but greco call out after he . GRECO be not you curious ? goodman casually call over he shoulder as he go . goodman nope . greco laugh . GRECO oh come on ! print never take this long . Three guess . greco shine with boyish glee . GRECO ( cont ’d ) come on ! but goodman do not entertain the challenge . he sit down at he desk and turn he computer on . greco call from across the room . GRECO ( cont ’d ) print belong to a dead body . one of yours . he 's get a smile like a kid with a secret . GRECO ( cont 'd ) case from January . goodman do not turn to look at he , but listen intently . GRECO ( cont 'd ) Fiona lander . goodman 's expression change to one of deep~ seed terror . a crass smile across greco 's face . GRECO ( cont ’d ) spooky shit , huh ? you think someone cut she finger off at the morgue ? the chill wave of fear build within goodman . unlike anything he 's ever feel before . greco walk away as the think set in . 122 100 . goodman sit there for a moment , stunne . then slowly , he lift the phone and dial a number . holding the phone tensely to he ear , he wait as it ring . but it just ring and ring . eventually it go to the answer machine . burke ( over the phone ) hi! you have reach the muldoon . int . the muldoon house ( master bedroom ) - day 122 muldoon sit at the edge of she bed stare off . burke 's cheery voice emit from the answer machine . burke ( on the answer machine ) we can not come to the phone right now , but you can leave we a message after the beep . muldoon be motionless , paralyze . beep . goodman ( on the answer machine ) muldoon , it 's goodman . muldoon be terrify . stare , eye wide with fear . goodman ( cont ’d ) ( on the answer machine ) call I when you get this . because melinda lander be stand there in the doorway . stare back at she . eye dark and swollen . bile flow from the little girl 's lip . and then muldoon hear it . that terrible , wet , groan wheeze right behind she head . slowly , she turn . painfully afraid of what she might see . and right there behind she , they face mere inch apart ... be pregnant Fiona lander . scream at the top of she lung . 123 124 101 . ext . the muldoon house - day 123 the school bus pull up and stop in front of the muldoon house . burke step off the bus and head towards the house , pass he mother 's car park in the driveway . int . the muldoon house - day 124 burke walk in through the front door and call out . burke : Mom ? it 's quiet . he close the door and hang up he jacket . he call out once more . burke ( cont 'd ) Mom ? still nothing . he look around the room . nothing seem out of place , but the tv be still on . burke ( cont 'd ) Frank ? the little boy wait and still there 's no response , he walk over to the tv across the room and shut it off . as the house go quiet , he hear Frank whimper down the hall . burke turn the corner and see Frank at the other end of the hallway . the dog be whimper , desperately scratch at the door to muldcon 's bedroom . slowly , the young boy walk down the hallway . burke ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong bud ? the bedroom door be so scratch , we can only imagine how long the panicked dog have be here like this . burke try the door knob , but it 's lock . he call through the door . burke ( cont 'd ) Mom ? there 's no response . he try the door again . burke ( cont 'd ) Mom ? 125 102 . the dog keep scratch at the door , cry . the young boy shake the knob in he nervous hand . burke ( cont ’d ) mommy ?! int . the muldoon house ( master bedroom ) - day 125 muldoon 's body lay in the middle of the floor . the sight be gruesome . her heart literally rip out of she chest . her hand bloody , chunks of skin under she finger nail . a terrify look on she face . officer move about the room collect evidence . officer michael we still have not find the heart . goodman and michael stand over the body stare down . Officer michael shrug . officer michael ( cont 's D} wound on she chest look self - inflicted . callin 's it suicide for now , but ... he trail off in disbelief . goodman be horrify and sadden by the sight . goodman this be not suicide . cuT to black . 126 127 128 103 . title card : '' the lander family '' ext . suburban STREET - night 126 heavy rain beat down on the manicure lawn . wind whistle through the tree . the signpost on the corner read : '' reyburn drive " . at the end of the cul - de-sac be the lander 's house . a '' for sale " sign plant in the front lawn sport Peter and Nina 's smile face . int . the lander house - night 127 the inside of the home be nice ; nothing overly elegant , but there 's a definite taste and style to the decor . Children 's toy and smile family photo indicate nothing but the life of a ordinary family . a mother , a father , and a young daughter . the hallway . the kitchen . the live room . move box litter the room . we know the house well . but there 's something different about it . no sign of Peter Spencer anywhere . int . the lander house ( melinda 's bedroom ) - day 128 Fiona rush into melinda 's bedroom . her heart racing , fiona baby , come on , we have to go . before daddy get home . Fiona rush to the window and look out to the street . melinda where be we go ? Fiona go to melinda and put on a big smile . fiona we be go on a trip . but we have to go right now . Fiona get melinda 's doll from the dresser and hand it to she . fiona ( cont 'd ) here 's Lisa . we need to go to the car now , okay baby ? 129 104 . Fiona go to the closet and take out a small , already pack duffle bag . Fiona 's energy start to make melinda nervous . Fiona see it . she rush to the girl and hug she . fiona ( cont 'd ) shh . its okay baby , it 's gonna be okay . I be go to get you out of here . I love you so much . everything will be okay . I promise . just then the front door swing open downstairs with a slam . Fiona 's eye dart to the doorway . SAM ( 0.8 . ) Fiona ? the voice send a chill up she spine . she hurry melinda to the closet and guide she inside . fiona stay in here baby . okay ? whatever you do , do not come out unless its I . okay ? melinda hide in the closet and Fiona rush into the hallway . int . the lander house ( hallway ) - day 129 Fiona dart out of the bedroom , close the door behind she . but as she turn to continue down the hall . Sam be right there behind she . SAM what 's go on ? Fiona push past he towards the stair . fiona we be leave . he stop she . SAM what do you mean ? fiona what do you think I mean ? Sam stand there stunne . 105 . SAM you can not leave . fiona watch I . finally she push past he . SAM do not just walk away from I ! she stop at the top of the stair . she turn back and stare deep into he eye . pale face and red eye , she choke back sob . fiona we daughter need help . and you will not let I help she . he stand there heartbroken , angry , distraught . fiona ( cont ’d ) we be leave , Sam . for good this time . Fiona pants through she adrenaline wall of tear as Sam 's rage start to brew . fiona ( cont 'd ) I be take she . and I be go to get she help Sam start towards she . his heart racing . his blood start to boil . his face red with fury , wait to explode . SAM you be not take she anywhere . she back away as he grow nearer . closer to the edge of the step . she shudder at the sight of he . the disgust drip from she voice . fiona you be a coward , Sam . you be weak . that send he over the edge . SAM why do you make I do this ? fiona what ? Sam push he wife down the stair . 130 106 . the pregnant woman topple down the staircase . step after step after step . her body break and contort at the joint . a look of confusion and sadness on she face as she fall . never do she think it would come to this . and then she stop . break she neck at the bottom of the step . Sam 's face be still red with rage . he pants like a animal . nearly unable to catch he breath , he have not yet notice the tear in he eye , for the wall of the adrenaline put up by the rage as dull all he sense . he stagger down the hallway to melinda 's bedroom , int . the lander house ( melindan bedroom ) 130 this whole time , melinda have be hide in she closet . terrify , cling to she doll . its quiet through the house . all she can hear be that sound that we have hear so many time before . that ominous sound . the chill , wheeze sound , seeping from the pierce lung and break rib of Fiona lander 's die body . melinda hold she doll close . just then , she hear the door to she bedroom open . the closet door be open just ever so slightly . SAM baby ? melinda watch through the crack in the door as she father look around the pitch black room . SAM ( cont 'd ) baby ? where be you ? melinda , frighten to she core , peel back into the shadow of the closet . SAM ( cont 'd ) we have to go baby . her father kneel down to look under the bed . he lift the sheet , hope to find he daughter hide underneath . but he do not . 107 . SAM ( cont 'd ) where be you ?! shock by the sound , the girl cling tighter to she doll . but in do so , triggers the doll 's mechanism . and the doll let out a small , mechanical giggle . Sam 's head dart to the closet . he throw open the door and melinda start to scream , SAM ( cont 'd ) no , no , no ! it 's okay baby . it 's okay . I be here . melinda start to swing she arm , she fist flap . she start to hit herself . SAM ( cont 'd ) stop ! no. baby . stop . it 's okay . he grab she by the wrist and tackle she to the ground . try to restrain she . but only add fuel to the fire . she thrashes in he arm . SAM ( cont 'd ) stop ! stop ! she scream and flail . SAM ( cont 'd ) stop ! he hold he hand over she mouth to stop she from scream . his other hand hold 's she by the shoulder press she to the ground . the grow man 's weight on the girl be too much for she . so she thrashes harder . and in he panic he start to shake the little girl . SAM ( cont 'd ) stop ! stop ! but she can hardly breathe as Sam shake the little girl more and more violently . SAM ( cont ’d ) please stop ! 131 108 . blood rush to the little girl 's eye . her eyelid bulg under the pressure . bile start to dribble from she lip beneath she father 's hand . all the while , he shake she and shake she and shake she . try to make she calm down . but kill she instead . eventually she thrashing slow . SAM ( cont 'd ) that 's a good girl . that 's my girl . until she be not move . SAM ( cont ’d ) shhh . it 's okay . it 's okay . he look down and notice she swollen , glassy eye . he shake she to try to wake she up . SAM ( cont 'd ) melinda ? nothing . SAM ( cont 'd ) melinda ? int . the lander house - night 131 a old home movie play on the tv in the live room . on the tape , it 's Christmas morning . wrapped present beneath the decorate tree . Fiona , four month pregnant , sit on the floor beside melinda . Fiona turn to the camera , a huge smile across she face . fiona Sam , be you filming ? a man 's voice from off camera : SAM ( 0.s. ) yeah . Fiona turn to she daughter , rock back and forth , with a worried look across she face . a wrap present wait patiently in she lap . fiona okay , open it melinda ! 132 133 109 . the little girl tear away the wrapping paper with feverish excitement . she toss off the wrapping and reveal a box with a doll inside , melinda laugh lisal the little girl suddenly bubbles with glee . SAM ( 0.s. ) pick it up and let daddy see ! the little girl hold up the doll for the camera . SAM ( 0.s. ) ( cont ‘d ) be that the one you want ? the little girl nod . Fiona watch she daughter , smile . and then the tape stop . pause on a frame of the happy family . Sam sit on the couch watch the tape . the remote in he hand , he stare at the still image . with tear in he eye . ext . the lander house ~ night 132 he walk across the driveway to the shed on the side of the property . his head hang low , he foot shuffle as he walk . he go inside and look over the shelf of power tool . he take a circular see off the shelf and walk out of the shed . int . the lander house - night 133 he head up the stair to the second floor . he step down the long hallway . he push open the door at the end of the hall and flick on the light . a bathroom . he look around the small tile room . he bend down in the corner , plugging the see into a outlet . he stand and walk over to the bathtub . he kneel down beside it . and start to ery . he can hardly look at what he 's do . he start the spin blade of the see , lean into the tub and begin to see the lifeless , pregnant body of Fiona lander . he sob as he do it . 134 135 136 137 1lo . int . the lander house ( crawl space ) - night 134 Sam hide the bag fill with Fiona 's dismember body in the crawl space . ext . the lander house ( backyard ) - night 135 Sam dig a small grave in the backyard . he still can not stop the tear . melinda 's body , wrap up in she bed sheet , sit beside the small child - size hole . he roll she body into the hole and cover it with a small mound of dirt . he can not believe what he 's do . ext . the lander house ( backyard ) - night 136 Sam be have a fit . smash and break everything in sight . throw thing from the house in a angry fit of rage . scream uncontrollably . until finally he collapse to he knee . sob . int . the lander house ( garage ) - night 137 Sam rush to he car park in the garage . he get in ina hurry and thrust the key into the ignition . he start the car . he 's sweat bullet . his heart be racing . he 's panicked . beside the rearview mirror be the remote for the garage door . he click to open the door . but it do not cpen . he try again , but still the door behind he will not open . he lock to the button on the wall outside the car . he try to open the car door , but its lock . he unlock it . but it immediately lock on its own . he try again . but again , it lock on its own . the car run , exhaust fume rise around the car . increasingly frantic , Sam try to escape the vehicle . try to bust through the door . SAM come on ! come on ! 138 139 111 . suddenly , the window of the car slowly go down just a few inch on they own . not open enough to reach through . but open enough to let the fume in . Sam watch , confuse . he cough . gagging on the fume as the garage continue to fill with smoke . he crawl through the car to the backseat . try all the door . SAM ( cont ’d ) no! no ! but he can not get out . he 's trap . his eye bright red . his face blue from the lack of oxygen . he cough , spitting up bile . desperately gasp for air . he start to feel faint . dizzy and woozy . weak as he lose consciousness . cough a wet and violent cough as he black out . he look up , and there , outside the car , stand right in front of it , be Fiona and melinda . stare back at he through the cloud of smoke . smiling . he stare back . his eye wide and terrify . ext . the lander house ~ night 138 Sam 's scream echo through the night . Dark cloud pass over the moon . Neighborhood dog bark in the distance . but the scream fade . and the house lay quiet in the night . int . the lander house ( crawl space ) - night 139 Fiona 's dismember corpse remain parcel away in plastic bag in the crawl space . her eye forever open . and time pass . a little over a week . and we watch as she body decompose in time - lapse . transition to the way we see it when Peter discover it . and then Peter be stand there look at it , have just find the body in the fly-ridden crawl space . just where we leave he . half out of he mind with fright , he tumble back down into the lander 's master bedroom . 140 112 . int . the lander house ( hallway ) - night 140 Peter scramble back into the hallway and rush to melinda 's bedroom . he swing open the door , but she 's go . he rush back into the hallway cry out . peter where be you ? we can not stay here ! panicked , he run down the stair . running from room to room . the live room . the guest room . the bathroom . all empty . the little girl be nowhere to be find . he run to the kitchen . but there 's still no sign of she . just then , he hear a thud from the second floor . as if something heavy have fall . he look up . there 's a sound come from the staircase in the other room . like someone drag wet plastic . the sound get closer and closer . Little melinda , suddenly right next to he , hold he hand . slowly , the door creep open . then he hear it again . that chill , wheeze sound . seeping from the pierce lung and break rib of Fiona lander 's die body . Fiona 's mangle corpse crawl through the doorway . Peter 's strength drain from he body . his vision go blurry as he knee fold under he , collapse on the spot . he slump against the wall , stare off into space . horrify , terrify , overwhelm . Fiona 's pregnant body , break and twisted . she desperately crawl across the floor towards he . her break arm feebly tug she limp body weight behind she across the linoleum tile . her fingernails peel off the soft flesh of she rotten finger as she slither she gnarled corpse even closer . rotted limb tear from the corpse as she drag herself , leave behind a trail of organ and entrail spilling out of she . fly swarm around she fester wound . clutch in she arm be the body of she dead fetus still attach to Fiona by the umbilical chord . the slimy mass decaye in she arm . but behind the ghostly eye , Peter see the solemn stare of a mother who lose she child and it 's haunt , 113 . suddenly , the house phone start to ring . Peter 's heart pound wildly in he chest . Ring ring . Ring ring . melinda , still tightly hold he hand , have bile pour from she lip . the girl seem not to mind as she hold she doll tightly . but Peter be paralyze with fear . Ring ring . Ring ring . Fiona 's body shiny with blood and wrap in clear plastic . she open she mouth halfway , dribble fresh blood , emit that horrific croaking sound from the back of she throat . Peter , still on the floor , frantically scramble backwards . Fiona 's swollen and decaye lip move as if try to speak . Ring ring . Ring ring . Peter groan as he slide further back . box into the corner of the room by Fiona 's crawl corpse with nowhere to run . her hair , stringy and oily and black , fall out by the clump , leave a trail behind she , like some fetid slug . Ring ring . finally the phone go to the answer machine . fiona ( on the answer machine ) hi! you have reach the lander ! we can not come to the phone right now , but leave you name and number after the beep and we will get back to you as soon as we can ! beep . SAM ( on the answer machine ) why do you make I do this ? the sound that play from the answer machine be terrifying . a collage of sound building to a chaos . Fiona 's scream and cry and the sound of she bone break as she topple down the stair . the sound of little melinda squealing and gasp for air . the sound of a circular see against bone . peter oh my god . his heart racing , he eye wide . Peter be freeze . overcome with fear . 141 142 114 . int . the spencer home ( bedroom ) - night 141 Nina be in bed watch tv when the front door of the house open . she freeze for a second . and then call out : nina hello ? she call out again . nina ( cont 'd ) Peter ? no response . nina ( cont 'd ) Peter ? gently stroking she belly , she stand up with a grunt of effort and head into the hallway . int . the spencer home — night 142 Nina creep through the dark house slowly . nina Peter ? still no response . she grow more and more tense with every step . she move from room to room look around . the wall of the house line with window . she feel a odd sort of vulnerability in she own home . as though through the window , she 's be watch . she can almost feel the eye on she . she stop and look around . nina ( cont ‘d ) Peter ? its dead quiet . Nina stand in the live room surround by large plate glass window , petrify . from where she 's stand , she can see the front door . it 's open . but no one 's there . at least from what she can see . she walk out of the live room and through the kitchen . a fear building in she as she get closer and closer to the door . her breath quicken , she heart race . the rain be come down hard outside . she try to calm herself . but it do not work . 115 . she reach for she pregnant belly , rub it , as though to comfort the infant inside . eventually , she get to the entry way . its dark and all the light be off . but the front door be open . and Peter be stand right there next to it . soak from the rain . dripping onto the floor . she breathes a heavy sigh of relief and smile . nina ( cont ’d ) Jesus Christ , you scared I . she laugh . nina ( cont ‘d ) Parents finally come home ? Peter do not respond . nina ( cont ‘d ) Peter ? nothing . nina ( cont ’d ) Peter ? Nina be still . a silent stand off . his demeanor be cold and menace . she smile to cover the fear , but she voice shake . nina ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong ? he turn and shut the door behind he . he lock the lock . he step further into the room and then stop . his coat drip onto the hardwood floor . Nina step back , she voice shaking as she speak . nina ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? her smile quickly fade . nina ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong with you ? he stare back at she with he bloodshot eye . a odd glint in he eye . something be not right . peter why do you make I do this ? 143 144 145 1l6 . int . the spencer home ( bedroom ) - day 143 Morning light pour into the bedroom . Peter hang from a beam in the ceiling . a extension cord as a noose . the body flop sloppily side to side from the choppy motion of the ceiling fan tangle in the cord . Nina 's body , bloody , lay on the floor by he foot . her lifeless eye , open , stare up at he . her blood splash and splatter across the wall . the telephone ring as siren blare outside and officer pound and shout at the front door . ext . the lander house - day 144 the rain be relentless . there 's a hustle and bustle of soaking wet crime scene investigator , Police officer , emt , firemen , and small town news team scuttling about the front yard of the lander House . Police tape stretch across the lander 's front door . Peter 's car at the end of the driveway roped off by more tape . detective goodman , a cigarette balanced between he lip , talk to one of the uniform police officer outside the house . he look young and fresher than we see he last . he nod he head , take copious note as the nervous young officer speak . he turn and duck under the police tape surround the perimeter of the property . he strut with poise towards a nondescript sedan park down the street . he take one last puff of he cigarette and toss the butt to the side of the road as he open the car door and get in . int . wilson 's car - day 145 goodman sit down in the passenger seat . detective Wilson , look spry and healthy sit in the driver seat . the two man sit there in the car , quietly watch intently . they eye fix on the house in that way that cop nonchalantly stare intensely to take in every detail . eye wander behind dark sunglass , surveying , assess . wilson id the body yet ? 117 . goodman Fiona and melinda lander . mother and daughter . wilson locate the husband ? they eye still on the house . Wilson take a sip of he coffee . gcodman have not be able to get a hold of he yet . his car 's still park in the garage . Wilson grimace and smack he lip . wilson coffee 's shit today . goodman do not I know it , there 's a casual rhythm to they rapport . wilson Cause of death ? goodman not yet . it 's a mess in there . they sit in silence for a few moment . still just stare out at the house . wilson this connect to the body a few street over ? goodman bingo . wilson be that why we be here ? gcodman you get it . Wilson sip he coffee as the rain beat down on the windshield , goodman ( cont 'd ) found the kid in a grave out back . wife all chop up . make 's you think . 118 . wilson do not think too hard . it 'il drive you crazy . the man , deep in think . wilson ( cont 'd ) the husband good for it ? goodman seem about right . he turn to goodman . wilson alright , well let 's go see it . but goodman 's still transfix by the house . he take a moment . goodman you think it 's haunt ? wilson Excuse I ? goodman you know , when this sort of thing happen ... wilson I hope to God you be kid . Wilson get out of the car and goodman follow . goodman my mother be into all that . raise I superstitious . they close the car door . Wilson look at goodman across the roof of the car . wilson scariest thing I have ever see be do by people . he smile , wilson ( cont ’d ) so I nil take my chance with the ghost . 146 119 . Wilson turn and head across the street towards the house . but goodman stay by the car . he take a cigarette from the pack in he jacket pocket and call out to Wilson . goodman I will catch up at the precinct . Wilson duck under the police tape and laugh . he turn and look back at goodman . ee shake he head . a child like smile across he face . wilson they be gonna put you in a nut house one day , you know that ? he laugh and continue to the house . goodman stand at the car watch he go . he stare up at the house . he know it do not feel right . Wilson walk up the front step to the front door of the lander House . for just a second , it 's as though he can feel it too , the closer and closer he get . a strange quiet . but he shake it off and go inside . neighbor have start to gather around the property despite the rain . people in uniform bustle in and out of the house . int . the lander house ( live room ) - day 146 emt carry Fiona and melinda out of the house in body bag . Wilson pass the last of they on he way into the house . he step into the entryway and look around . he walk slowly down the hallway , take note of everything . eventually , he make he way to the live room . alone in the house , he take it all in . he notice something across the room . atop the mantle , sit a family photo of the lander family . he walk over and take a closer look . Fiona , melinda , and Sam . all smile . all happy . a odd quiet come over the house . and then that horrible sound . that chill , wheeze sound ... that seepe from the pierce lung and break rib of Fiona lander 's die body futilely cling to life . ccut to black . title card : the grudge 147 120 . end credit end credit play over crime scene photo of the various crime we have see throughout the film mix with the family photo of the character we have come to know and love . CUT to : int . pbi field office ( conference room ) - day 147 a array photo be pin to the bulletin board on the wall . crime scene photo and photo of the decease arrange ina massive web . there have to be at least twenty people up there on the wall . people we know . Peter and Nina . muldoon and Wilson . lorna , faith , and William . Fiona , melinda , and Sam . as well as people we do not know . other neighbor , emt 's , other cop . but at the center of the chaotic web of face be a picture of the house , the lander House . 44 reyburn drive . two FBI agent be sit at a table stare at the wall . it look like they have be do this for hour . agent cole what if it 's the house ? agent horne what do you mean ? agent cole well , everyone who 's set foot inside that house be dead . right now , that 's the only thing all of this people have in common . so maybe it 's the house . another agent pop into the doorway with a folder . agent palmer finally find you a match on vicap . Old interpol case out of Japan . I do not know if it will help , but it 's the only similar case I could find . he hand agent Cole the folder and leave . Cole open the file and look at the picture inside . a japanese woman and she son . label : '' kayako and toshio saeki . tokyo , japan . " he flip through the page of the file and look up . agent cole I think something very strange be go on . CUT to black .