the content of this document be private and confidential the babadook by Jennifer Kent draft 6.3 September 2011 develop at the binger writer Lab ( Amsterdam ) and with assistance from screen Australia , screen nsw , waking dream production and the screen Australia Enterprise Program . producer : kristina ceyton causeway film pty Ltd '' copyright 2011 Studio 301 , 11 randle Street surry Hills nsw 2010 , Australia m +61 400 535 025 E kristina@causewayfilms.com.au int . middle of the night Black screen . a rumbling sound . it intensify . a woman 's face appear suddenly in close up , shocked , disorient . it be amelia ( late 30 . ) she travel fast , pin back to what could be a car seat . it 's not clear . she be suddenly lift up and around , she face tumble as if in a dryer , 360 degree . the image slow down as she shut she eye . bit of dirt and debris fly past she face . there 's no sound . the effect be strangely beautiful . boy' voice ( 0.s. ) ( nearly inaudible . ) mummy .... Amelia try to open she eye , she continue to spin . her face stop tumble and come to a upright position . a skid sound build in intensity . her hand reach above to brace herself for the impact . she turn to look beside she . time be stretch . she see a man stare ahead . he look terrify . a light grow brighter . the skid sound be almost deafen . Amelia instinctively look away from he , close she eye . the terrible sound peak , then slowly recede . boy' voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( louder still ) mum . Amelia hear the boy 's voice for the first time . she open she eye as she ' fall 's slowly back into space . finally , she ' land 's . there be complete silence . Amelia be lie on a pillow . she look at the ceiling , daze . her breathe be erratic . boy' voice ( cont 'd ) ( very loud ) mummy ! she see she six year old son , SAMUEL , bedside . he 's small for he age , intense . a panicked look on he face . SAMUEL I have the dream again . Amelia make one mighty effort to get up . her fluffy maltese terrier , bugsy , jump off the bed with she . she scramble to she foot , stumbling on the way to she son . int . SAMUEL be room - night Pov under the bed . the doona be lift . Amelia and Samuel peer underneath . the doona be drop back into place . Black . closet door open , Amelia take a quick look inside , Samuel check everywhere . Amelia close it . Amelia be dark haire and wiry . pretty , but nervous look . Samuel 's little face be white with anxiety . he move back and forth from one foot to the other . SAMUEL can we check under the bed ? amelia ( patient ) what do it look like ? Samuel shrug he shoulder . he can not remember . amelia ( cont 'd ) remember what we say ? if you can not see it , then it must not be real . SAMUEL it say it 's come to kill we both . his comment unnerve Amelia . she recover quickly . amelia ( very gentle ) it 's just a silly dream . int . SAMUEL be room - night Amelia search through the bookshelf . Samuel cling to she waist , not let go . bugsy follow they . int . amelia 's bedroom - a short while later Amelia sit up in bed , Samuel in she lap , the doona surround they like a giant caterpillar . Amelia give the book everything she 's get , fight she tiredness . amelia ( in the voice of the wolf ) ' well I will climb down you chimney you fat little pig ! 's and he climb down that chimney , straight into the huge black pot . and that be the end of the big-bad-wolf ! she close the book . Samuel be still anxious . SAMUEL do they really get the wolf ? amelia ( reassuring ) I be sure they do . SAMUEL I be gonna kill the monster if it try to hurt you mum . amelia ( Gentle ) nothing 's go to hurt I Sam . SAMUEL I all bash it to piece when it come . amelia time for bed now , ok ? it 's very late . Samuel flip the page straight back to the beginning . SAMUEL just one more time ... then I 'il sleep . he will not take no for a answer . she give in to another read . Samuel snuggle in close to she , wide awake . amelia ( as bright as she can ) a long time ago , just yesterday in fact , there be three little pig and one nasty big wolf . int . amelia 's bedroom - a short while later Little leg wrap tightly around Amelia 's waist . Samuel 's face tuck in behind he mother 's . he 's fast asleep , she 's wide awake . his mouth , chew at nothing , grind away . the sound go right through Amelia . his breath irritate she neck . his hand play with she ear in he sleep . she peel it away , put it by he side . she unwrap he leg , make sure she do not wake he . Amelia inch silently away from she son , she back to he . Samuel do not wake up . the gap between they widen . Amelia curl up on the other side of the bed , she knee to she chest , alone . title - the babadook int . amelia 's bedroom / basement / lounge / kitchen - morning - bedroom . a blaring alarm sound . a lifeless arm poke out from under the doona , hang over the bed . it 's hard to believe someone could sleep through this noise . - basement . child 's hand grip a large hammer . the hammer be raise and come down hard on a rusty nail . Little hand push down on a join in two piece of wood , testing it for strength . - bedroom . the alarm keep go . the arm have not move . - basement . a cricket ball be load into a large plastic cup , the cup be tie to a wooden plank . a metal contraption be fitte onto skinny shoulder . Samuel grunt with the effort . Samuel 's serious face as he check the apparatus . his leg run up the stair . - Lounge room . Samuel 's head poke out of the basement , check to see if the coast be clear . it be . he push a key into the basement door , lock it up . - Kitchen . Samuel 's skinny leg stand on a chair , he top half obscure by a open cupboard door . his hand carefully place the key back on a key rack . Samuel peer around the cupboard door , watch for he mother . he close it quick and jump down out of sight . - bedroom . the arm be still there . alarm still blaring . a crash sound downstairs . the arm retract quickly , like a crab in a shell . Amelia pop out from under the cover , look like shit . she slap the alarm off , listen . another crash sound , a bigger one . she leap out of bed , racing out of the room . int . lounge room - morning Amelia reach the bottom stair . Sam 's catapult cover he body , come up over he head . at the top sit a plastic cup with a cricket ball in it . the lounge room be a mess , sword , toy soldier and other ' boy war paraphernalia’ everywhere . the big old tube tv have be knock off its stand and lie on its side . bugsy be in the midst of it , bark , wag he tail . Amelia struggle with all she might to hold she temper . SAMUEL it 's not break ! it just slip . she calmly walk to the tv , she movement control . amelia ( reasonable ) I do not want you use the hammer and nail - SAMUEL wait look at this ! when the monster come in the room - amelia not inside the house Samuel - SAMUEL I push down here - he push down hard , a lever rise and launch the ball . amelia do not ! it smashes a perfect hole in one of the window . Amelia stare at the hole , implode . Samuel 's face crumple with anxiety . int . SAMUEL 's room - morning Samuel wave he hand in the air . he have he school uniform on finish off by a sparkly magician 's hat . bugsy be jump up and down and bark . SAMUEL nothing in my hand . nothing in my hand . Amelia kneel at Sam 's foot try to do up he lace . amelia stand still please .. he do . for three second . amelia ( cont 'd ) I do not want you make weapon anymore . SAMUEL you have to look at I . mum ? it do not work if you - she pin he with she gaze . amelia ( Gentle ) this monster thing have get to stop . alright ? Samuel wave he arm about . bugsy continue to bark . SAMUEL nothing in my hand . amelia ( firmer ) Samuel ? poof ! a beautiful bunch of paper flower pop into Samuel 's hand , seemingly out of nowhere . Amelia smile in spite of herself . she take the paper bouquet . Sam touch she cheek very gently . she soften . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( close she eye ) that feel nice . Sam hug she , she hug he back . he kiss she cheek , grip she tighter and tighter . she hide she annoyance . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( restrain ) that 's enough now .. Samuel will not stop , he hug she really tight . she recoil . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( snap ) do not do that ! Sam stop in he track . Amelia immediately look guilty . 10 11 int . car —- morning 10 the car be a junk heap , inside and out . takeaway coffee cup , lolly wrapper , plastic container , kid 's sock . Amelia focus on get through the traffic . Samuel focus on the back of he mum 's head . SAMUEL if I fire nail into its chest , would that kill it ? amelia ( mile away ) kill what ? SAMUEL ( annoy ) the monster in my dream . amelia it certainly would not make it happy . SAMUEL what about if I fire they into its head ? amelia that would probably do it . SAMUEL if I fire they into its chest - amelia let 's talk about something else , alright ? Samuel look out the window . Amelia keep she eye straight ahead . silence . SAMUEL ( quiet ) if I fire they into its eye , I could run away because it have be blind . Amelia stare straight ahead , choose to ignore he . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) mum ? ext . school entrance / int . car - morning 11 the decrepit hatchback roll to a stop , stand out like a sore thumb amongst the merc and audis . Samuel climb over the front seat , just to kiss he mum . amelia off you go . you be late already . 12 13 he climb back over , grab he bag . it 's really heavy . amelia ( cont 'd ) what have you get in there ? SAMUEL see you later alligator ! int . car - morning 12 Amelia have very upbeat music play full blast in she car bubble . she sing along without inhibition , happy . she glance down , notice a small cockroach on she leg . she immediately stop sing , sweep it away in disgust . then straight back into it , sing she heart out . int . nursing home - morning 13 a ancient woman 's sleep face , she mouth hang open . another very old lady , she head in she shaky hand . cheery music play in the background . despite this , the atmosphere be funereal . a elderly man without he tooth in . he watch Amelia as she arrive with a warm smile and two cup of tea . amelia here you go ron . Nice cup of tea . he take the tea offer , chew on he gum absently . Amelia move to the ancient woman , stare into space . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( speak lovingly , close to she ear ) and one for you Norma , that 's get milk in it . norma what ? amelia ( still loving ) that 's got milk in it . norma ( confused ) I do not want milk . amelia ( in she ear ) you say you wanted milk . 14 15 norma no , I do not want that . amelia not to worry , I all make you another one . Amelia give the befuddle Norma a friendly smile . int . nursing home kitchen - day 14 Amelia focus on stack the dishwasher , serious . Robbie , a sweet , slightly chubby ( male ) nurse enter . robbie just where a woman should be , in the kitchen . Amelia get the joke , brighten up . amelia ( responding ) ' get to work , woman ! 's they laugh . Robbie fill a mug with water and drink it . amelia ( cont 'd ) do you want a cuppa ? robbie Nah , I be head for the dementia ward . amelia you have get a few year before you end up there . he laugh . Amelia smile . Robbie hover . Amelia stack the dishwasher , shy . Robbie eventually put he cup in the dishwasher and leave . Amelia relax slightly when he 's go . int . nursing home - afternoon 15 Amelia be play ' colour shape lotto 's at the game table . one of the old lady place a card on the board . pause . Amelia wait very patiently . amelia ( eventually ) that 's it Larry , you go . pause . he do not put anything down . pause . 16 17 10 . the woman next to he , head in hand , emit a low wail sound . Amelia politely ignore it . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( to Larry ) same colour or same shape or both . ( beat . ) I can help you if you like . the woman 's wail rise in pitch and volume . the player become agitate . Amelia can not ignore it any longer . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( very patient ) it 's alright Mrs Winter , you do not have to play . it 's ok . the old woman wail like someone be murder . Amelia rub she back tenderly , hide every ounce of stress . int . work kitchen - afternoon 16 Amelia be on she knee with she head inside a empty cupboard . she scrub as if she life depend on it . Amelia 's supervisor beverly arrive , irritate . beverly ( 0.s. ) Amelia . Amelia bump she head as she back out . beverly ( cont 'd ) ( curt ) you son 's school be on the phone . Amelia look worried . int . principal 's office - afternoon 17 Amelia sit opposite the principal , a tired look man in he 5as , and Sam 's teacher , a dour , middle age woman . the principal be grave , the teacher look traumatize . the principal lay down a sinister contraption make from a belt , with some wood , screw and nail attach to it . Amelia 's face fall . this be worse than she imagine . principal this be the home make gun he demonstrate in class today . it fire off nail . amelia oh my God . do he hurt anyone ? 11 . teacher the nail could have go right into a child 's eye . or worse . Amelia study the gun , parental shame creep over she . amelia ( genuine ) I be so sorry . I have no idea . I be go to have a serious talk with he - principal Mrs vanek , we have have the talk , we have have the session with the counsellor ... miss Bowen can not have the boy in she class anymore without supervision , it 's just too dangerous . ( carefully ) we be go to have to employ a monitor for he . amelia a monitor ? principal he 'il still be in the class , but he 'il be separate from the other child . the monitor will supervise he one on one . amelia all the time ? principal yes ... Amelia search both they face , become desperate . amelia please . Samuel will not cope with this . he already feel so different . principal I understand you concern , but this be the only way we can keep he in school . amelia ( desperate ) I will have a talk to he - principal amelia Mrs vanek ... I will have a serious talk and I know he 'il settle down . principal the boy have significant behavioural problem . ( beat ) miss Bowen and myself realize you have have a rough trot so we have try to be as lenient as we can ... 12 . Amelia 's vulnerable demeanour shift , she face tense . amelia sorry ? uncomfortable moment . he tread very carefully . principal sometimes .. boy .. can be very hard to handle when there 's no father around . amelia oh I see . I be a single mother so I can not look after my child , be that right ? principal no , no that 's not what I mean - amelia Samuel do not need a full time monitor , he need some understanding ! teacher be you say I be not understanding ? amelia ( frustrate ) I be just say he need more care at the moment , that 's all ! teacher I have 24 other lst grader in that class ! would you like I to put they all at risk for you son ? principal teacher ( cont ’d ) please , let 's just keep I be not a psychologist ! calm here - Amelia stand , defensive . amelia you know what ? I think it 's best I just look for another school . principal ( exasperate ) Mrs vanek , you can not just take the boy out of school . we ’1ll have to inform Community service . amelia you do what you need to do , and I will find a school that see my son as a human be , not a problem to be get rid of . 18 19 13 . principal that 's very unfair . we be only try to help the boy . amelia please stop call he ' the boy . 's his name be Samuel . int . school hallway - afternoon 18 Amelia spy Samuel sit with a 7th grader on a bench at the end of the hall . she can see he 's be cry . his eye be red and puffy . she approach , brace herself . SAMUEL ( try not to cry ) I be not go to hurt anyone ... Amelia crouch down . she choose she word carefully . amelia ( very gentle ) we be go to have a break from school for a little while . Samuel 's face crumble , he mouth open wide in a silent scream . then the wail start up . it 's devastating . Amelia take he hand and slowly lead he down the hall . her look of helplessness say it all . int . car —- afternoon 19 amelia ( try hard ) I be go to buy you a big tub of ice cream . what would you like ? SAMUEL ( finally ) miss Bowen hate I . amelia no she do not . you just need a break . Samuel do not respond , just stare out the window . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( beat . ) we can see Ruby and aunty Claire at the park today . would you like that ? Samuel look out the window , not respond . amelia ( cont 'd ) you can play on that swing you like . for as long as you like . ok ? 20 14 . he nod , warming up a little . amelia ( cont 'd ) do not tell aunty Claire what happen . i’ all tell she later ... SAMUEL be you gonna stay at home with I all the time now mum ? amelia ( smiling ) we will sort something out . her smile stick , but she eye look worried . int . supermarket checkout —- afternoon 20 Amelia have vague out . the ' beep beep 's of the register just white noise in the background . she see Samuel perform a magic trick for a little girl near the bubble gum dispenser . she pay as quick as she can keep one eye on she son . the little girl 's mother arrive , look relieved . Amelia rush to Samuel at the same time . little girl watch this mummy ! SAMUEL ( prepare ) I can do it again ! the mother and Amelia register each other , smile . amelia no Samuel , do not bother the lady . mother ( to she daughter ) we have get to get home and see daddy , have not we ? the mother smile at Samuel . SAMUEL my dad 's in the cemetery . the woman 's face drop . Amelia tense . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) he get kill drive mum to the hospital to have I - 21 15 . amelia Samuel ! ( to woman ) I be sorry he just .. mother oh , that 's .. I ... ( to Samuel ) well , be not you mum lucky to have you then ! she practically run off , clutching she child 's hand . Amelia watch they leave , embarrassed , sad . ext . park - afternoon 21 Samuel climb up onto the swing seat , look to he mum . Amelia sit on a bench with she young sister claire , a ' young professional 's , immaculately groom . Claire 's 5 yo daughter ruby play close to she mum , a total princess . Amelia watch Samuel , massage she jaw , preoccupy . claire the artist be so drunk he vomit right in front of he own installation . we lose all this sale . Robert be beside himself ... ( beat ) you be not listen . amelia ( snap to ) no no I be listen , you lose all this sale . what happen then ? SAMUEL ( 0.s. ) mum ! the woman look up at Samuel . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) I be gonna jump on the monster and break it in half ! watch ... he leap . Amelia feign interest , massage she jaw . claire be that tooth still play up ? Amelia immediately stop massage . claire ( cont 'd ) ( irritate ) go to the dentist . amelia two thousand dollar later ... claire do you need to borrow some money ? 16 . amelia ( Bright ) no , no it 's fine . I just need a good night 's sleep . claire Ruby do not play there sweetie it 's wet . Ruby stand up and smooth she skirt down perfectly . amelia ( tentative ) I be go to ask you for one favour ... I completely forget there 's a pupil free day tomorrow . would you be able to look after Samuel for the day ? claire the whole day ? amelia I can not get out of work . Claire hesitates for more than a moment . amelia ( cont ’d ) claire ( Bright ) that 's ok , I 's all — _........ do not be stupid you organize something else . dag . I can just put ona dvd for he or something . SAMUEL I can jump from here and smash its head ! he 's climb up higher , jump , do a forward roll , get straight up to punch the air . Claire be unimpress . amelia ( to Sam ) be careful . ( beat . ) what would you like I to do for Wednesday ? I can get they birthday cake , that 's easy . claire meel .... I have want to tell you . I be hope Ruby would change she mind ... beat . Amelia wait for the bad news . claire ( cont 'd ) ( sheepish ) she do not want a joint party with Sam this year . it 's stupid I know , they birthdays be so close . amelia ( taken aback ) oh ... pause . 17 . claire she want she own birthday cake , she own party game . she want a princess party . amelia that 's ok . we do not have to come . claire ( Gentle ) you can still come , stupid . she just do not want to share the day with Sam anymore , that 's all ... amelia I understand . a little girl need to feel special on she birthday .. claire now I feel bad . amelia you should not feel bad ! ( lying ) I be sure Sam will be ok with it - SAMUEL mum , I can go really high ! they clock he briefly . Samuel climb higher than before . claire maybe you want to celebrate he birthday properly this year anyway . on the day . you have still get two week to plan it . amelia ( tense smile ) we 'il think of something . Samuel climb up to the very top . the woman do not notice . claire ( annoy ) you know Amelia , I just want you to be happy , then this birthday thing roll around and I end up feel awful . Samuel climb higher and higher . they still do not see . amelia I do not want you to feel awful Claire . we will be fine . we will be absolutely fine . SAMUEL mum ! look at I ! 22 23 18 . the woman finally look . Samuel be on the top of the swing with he arm outstretch . he must be 8 foot high . Amelia spring to she foot , frighten . amelia SAMUEL ! ! int . car - afternoon 22 Amelia grip the wheel . Samuel in the background , cry . Amelia make a conscious effort to not react . her jaw tighten as she son 's cry get louder and louder . ext . amelia 's front yard - afternoon 23 Samuel trudge up the path to they crumble , fall down old terrace . his face be tear stain . Amelia stop at the letter box . a bunch of bill , one have final notice write on the outside . she throw they in she bag without open they . Mrs roach , a sweet elderly neighbour , water she azalea . her hand shake with parkinson disease . mrs roach ( smiling ) who do we have here ! SAMUEL ( downbeat ) hello Mrs roach . mrs roach you look tired little one , have you be in the war today ? SAMUEL yeah . few war . he have the key in hand , he unlock and open the door . bugsy come rush out the door , jump up on Samuel . Sam crouch down to hug the dog , then go inside . amelia ( cheery , cover ) he 's have a big day that 's all , he 's just exhaust . mrs roach poor little one ... bugsy come rush up to Amelia , she pick he up , cuddle he affectionately . 24 25 26 19 . mrs roach ( cont ’d ) you look tired too love , be you ok ? amelia nothing that 5 year of sleep would not fix ! ( upbeat . ) no , I be fine , work 's pretty busy .. ( change the subject ) I 'il take out the rubbish for you Gracie . mrs roach you just get in pet . you have a break . amelia no no , I ’1l1 do it now and then it 's do . ext . front of mrs roach 's house - afternoon 24 Amelia drag out two very full and heavy otto bin . Mrs roach watch , smile , she hand shake at she side . mrs roach oh ! you be a absolute angel . Amelia smile , completely mask the event of the day . int . lounge room - afternoon 25 Amelia see bugsy scratch at the basement door . she freeze , watch he . bugsy spot Amelia and scurries to she . she pick he up . Amelia look at the door , she face strain . pause . in a sudden move she stride over and check the handle . it 's lock . relieved , she wander out snuggling bugsy . int . kitchen table - evening 26 dinner in silence . Amelia study Sam . he shovel food in weakly , he face tired and sad . he look up to he mum , manage a smile . she smile back . it fade as soon as he look away , replace with worry . 27 20 . int . SAMUEL be room - night 27 Pov under the bed . the doona come up , Amelia and Samuel 's face peer underneath . Black . closet Pov as the door open . Amelia and Samuel do they nightly routine check for monster . amelia ( Bright ) ok ? Samuel nod , but look nervous . he have he pyjamas on , he hair be wash and comb to the side . very cute . amelia ( cont 'd ) you can choose one tonight . anything you like . he race to the bookshelf , search through many book . one catch he eye . the spine read mister babadook in bold , black letter . he pull it out , run to mum . she take a look at the cover : a black silhouette of a figure in a coat and top hat . it look a little strange . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( bemuse ) where have you get this ? SAMUEL on the shelf . he jump up , open the book . amelia ( read ) ' if it 's in a word , or it 's ina look , you can not get rid of the babadook . ' it 's a pop up book . look like it could even be hand make . Amelia turn the page . a pair of black eye peep out from behind a door , a tall black top hat perch on top . it look funny . amelia ( cont 'd ) ' if you be a really clever one , and you know what it be to see ... then you can make friend with a special one , a friend of you and I . 's Amelia pull a lever , a black glove hand pop out from behind the door , wave hello . Samuel 's face light up . 21 . amelia ( cont 'd ) ' his name be mister babadook . and this be he book . 's the book be beautifully do , but somehow creepy . amelia ( cont 'd ) we might read another one tonight , hey ? SAMUEL ( turn the page ) you say I could choose . a little boy next to a big wardrobe , he hand to he ear . the word ' rumble rumble rumble 's be write around he . amelia a rumbling sound , then 3 sharp knock . ' ba BA - ba dook ! dook ! dook !' that 's when you will know that he 's around , you will see he if you look . Amelia pull a lever . the word ba BA - ba dook ! dook ! dook ! pop up . Samuel quickly turn the page . Mr babadook in he full form . a black top hat , a long black coat , pointy black glove . the face be a mask , stare eye , mouth smile widely , more like a scream . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( wary ) this be what he wear on top . he 's funny , do not you think ? creepy more like it . Amelia turn the page , very wary . amelia ( cont 'd ) ' see he in you room at night ( read to herself ) and you will not sleep a wink . 's mister babadook fall from the ceiling towards the boy . the speech bubble read ' let I in ! 's the boy scream . the image be very disturbing . Samuel be instantly frighten . Amelia hide the book from Sam , skim it for herself , concerned . he struggle with she , try to see it . SAMUEL do it hurt the boy ? mum ?? a black silhouette of the babadook raise its arm like big insect wing . it look freaky . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) ( get scared ) where do it live ? 28 29 22 . ' I will soon take off my funny disguise ( take heed of what you have read ... ) ' SAMUEL ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( anxiety rise to fever pitch ) do it live under the bed ?? mum ?? ' and once you see what 's underneath .. 's ' SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) ( start to cry ) mummy ..... she turn the page . just black text on a white page .. ' you 're go to wish you be dead . 's she shut the book quickly as Samuel 's cry escalate . int . SAMUEL be room - night 28 Amelia patiently read another story to Samuel who have he arm wrap around she waist , howling with fear . - a while later . Amelia lie on she side , stare blankly at the large teak wardrobe opposite Sam 's bed . the door be shut . moonlight play across it , make it look almost alive . Samuel be finally asleep . he scrunches she ear in he sleep . she let he do it , too exhaust to resist . int . amelia 's bedroom - night 29 Amelia open the babadook book . the babadook drop from the ceiling , the speech bubble ' let I in 's pop up . she flip the page . the silhouette of the babadook raise its ' wing . 's ' and once you see what 's underneath 's she turn the page . ' you 're go to wish you be dead . ' she hurriedly turn to the next page . it 's blank . then the page after and the one after that , all blank . she search for publishing marking . there be not any . - later . Amelia stand on a stool reach up to top of she wardrobe , book in hand . she shove the book back as far as it will go , out of the reach of little hand . 30 31 32 23 . int . lounge room - late night 30 the tv flicker , lighting up a dreary room . Amelia stare at it , comatose . the rest of the house be in darkness . bugsy be curl up in Amelia 's lap . there 's a large empty chip packet beside she . she 's now onto the chocolate . on the tv : a sexy young girl in a low cut dress nibble some chocolate . a handsome , muscly young guy watch she . Amelia nibble she chocolate , vague out . she flick the channel . a ad for phone porn , young girl with they private part cover by ' star . 's she change it quickly , this time rest on a love scene from a old black and white Hollywood movie . Amelia open and close she jaw , massage the hinge joint , a long in she eye as the lover kiss . she turn it off , plunging the room into eerie darkness . int . hallway - late night 31 the old house be completely dark . the stair creak as Amelia climb they . she close the door on bugsy . he hang around outside . int . amelia 's bedroom / SAMUEL 's room - late night 32 - Amelia 's room . a sewing basket in Amelia 's hand . she take off a top layer of fabric , then a layer of thread . finally she pull out a vibrator hide underneath . she take a look at the door then jump into bed . the room be dark , just a sliver of light through the window . Amelia reach under the doona , wriggle around . she throw she undy on the floor , determination on she face . a hum begin , she close she eye . - Samuel 's room . he 's have a nightmare , breathe fast . his eye open suddenly . he peek out over the doona . the door of the wardrobe opposite be wide open , a yawn blackness inside . Samuel crane he neck to peer in , terrify . he throw himself back under the cover , disappear completely . 24 . - Amelia 's room . Amelia 's flushed face pop out from under the cover , try to bring on arousal , almost force it . the room seem alive , shadow threaten . - Samuel 's room . Samuel 's pull a slingshot and some metal pellet from under he mattress . he sit up , load the weapon , then aim it at the wardrobe , not breathe . - Amelia 's room . Amelia be about to orgasm , a pain look on she face . she hold off for as long as she can . her door creak open , but she do not see . a creepy shadow drop to the floor and disappear . her breathe be very deep , she 's almost there .. the shadow jump up on the bed . Amelia yell in fright . it 's Samuel . Amelia turn off the vibrator , fling it under the bed . bugsy run and jump on the bed too . amelia ( flushed , confuse ) what ! SAMUEL it 's in my room ! amelia what ?? SAMUEL the babadook ! Amelia register what 's happen , shaking she head . amelia oh no no no . this be not go to happen ! SAMUEL the closet door be close and now they be wide open ! Amelia calm herself down , fight she agitation . amelia Sam , a book be a book . it can not hurt you . Samuel look sheepish . amelia ( cont 'd ) you have have a huge day , you be exhaust . she grab the doona and throw it over the both of they , hugging Samuel to she , stiffly . she pat he on the back . initially he struggle , but slowly , slowly calm down . 33 34 25 . finally , silence . he roll over to look at he mum . SAMUEL ( love ) I do not want anything bad to happen to you mum . amelia nothing bad 's go to happen to I Sam . SAMUEL I be gonna protect you . he touch she face . she close she eye , submerging she resentment , bring herself back down to earth . int . shot of house interior - dead of night 33 the kitchen be dark and empty . mess everywhere . the lounge room be empty too , it feel spooky . not a soul in the hall . the old house be entirely still . int . amelia 's bedroom - dead of night / morning 34 Amelia sit up in bed , unable to sleep . she 's read ' the artist 's Way 's , she eye hang out of she head . Samuel be curl up beside she , fast asleep . she hear a distant sound , like someone run around downstairs . the noise concern she . she listen for more . Dead silence . eventually , she return to she book . another sound downstairs , a bit louder this time . Amelia wait to hear more . Troubled . nothing . she shut she book , and pull the doona over she head , over Samuel 's too , a little unnerve . Amelia study she son 's sleep face under the cover , try to gain some comfort from it . the image of she face ' speed up 's as she drift off to sleep , it twitches and move in fast motion as she sleep she way through the fastest night ever . she open she eye , still under the doona . SAMUEL mum ! it 's nine o'clock . 35 36 26 . she hurl the cover off to find the alarm blaring away . she look at the time . it be indeed 9 be . she reach for she mobile phone , on silent . there be five miss call . she check the last one . the word ' work 's flash up on the screen . she spring out of bed . ext . outside the house - morning 35 Amelia juggle she bag , she key , Samuel 's thing and talk on the mobile all at once . amelia he 's not run a fever anymore ... my sister 's go to take he . Samuel sneak past with he catapult . Amelia catch he . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( cover the phone ) put it back . Samuel kick up a fuss . amelia ( cont 'd ) put it back or it 's go in the bin . Samuel 's shoulder slump , he take it back inside . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( back to the phone ) I be sorry I could not get to the phone , he be throw up .... no worry , see you very soon . she hang up . amelia ( cont 'd ) no monster talk at aunty Claire 's alright ? Samuel sulk , walk down the path , ignore she . she run after he and grab he . amelia ( cont 'd ) Samuel . no babadook , no nothing . alright ? Samuel give she a nod . she win . ext . outside claire 's house - morning 36 Amelia cart Samuel 's thing up the long driveway . she spot Claire wait out the front of she semi-mansion . 27 . claire what have you be do ? amelia sorry . Samuel run up behind she . claire Day off school hey ? SAMUEL I be not allow back at school anymore . my teacher can not stand I . amelia that 's not true ! SAMUEL she tell I ! in front of the class ! Claire look to she sister who can not look back . claire be there a pupil free day today ? amelia ( low voice ) I do not want to talk about it in front of the kid . claire so you lie to you sister . that 's nice . amelia I just can not deal with it this morning . please , I never ask you to look after he - Samuel be show Ruby some dvd he have and be make explosion noise near she face . she flinch . claire be gentle , will you Samuel ? amelia thanks so much for this . I will be back at three on the dot . 37 int . nursing home common room - day 37 Amelia have a microphone in one hand and a plastic bucket with bingo number in the other . she look frazzle . 38 28 . the oldy be scattered on various table . most be not listen , a few be asleep , some have they number out . upbeat musak play in the background . amelia aaaannd , it 's number eleven ! who have number 11 ? leg eleven ? no one respond . amelia ( cont 'd ) ok , let 's try another one ... she reach in . amelia ( cont 'd ) 88 ? number 88 ? two fat lady ? after a long time one dedicated player hold up she hand . amelia ( cont 'd ) good elsie . another few day and someone should be able to call ' bingo . 's no one get the joke . she reach for another number . amelia ( cont 'd ) number 69 ? not too much of that go on in here ... no one claim the number . Amelia pull out another one . amelia ( cont 'd ) the next number be 5 billion . anyone get that ? how about 75 gazillion , anyone get that one ? some of the sharper member of the crowd look confuse . beverly poke she head around the corner . she give Amelia a disapprove look . Amelia shut up immediately . the musak keep go . int . nursing home kitchen - day 38 Amelia have she head in she hand , she eye close . Robbie enter . she spring out of she contemplation . robbie beverly 's not impressed with you have a sense of humour . ( beat . ) be you alright ? 29 . amelia ( Bright as she can ) yeah yeah , I be fine . so how , how be you ? robbie you do not have to be fine you know . Amelia smile , catch out . she drop she guard a little . amelia I be a bit stress at the moment . robbie why do not you go home ? Old cranky bitch be go after lunch . i’1l cover for you . amelia you would do that ? ( beat ) you can have my pay - robbie do not be ridiculous . ( beat ) you have get a sick kid . life 's too short . amelia ( smiling ) you be so sweet Robbie . he give she a friendly touch on the shoulder , then drop he arm , but stay close . Amelia shift in she seat . Robbie touch she hand . Amelia pull it away like she 's touch a burn stove . they be both embarrassed . amelia ( cont 'd ) sorry - robbie I be a idiot . amelia no , no , you be not a idiot . not at all .. robbie ( nervous ) we should do something sometime . amelia ( tense ) yeah sure . I have get a bit on my plate at the moment , but we could have a cuppa sometime or - robbie that have be great . maybe I can come round - amelia yeah . or go out . maybe later , sometime . 39 40 4l 30 . robbie great ! it 's almost too much for Amelia . Robbie sense it . robbie ( cont 'd ) you go ... say hello to Sam for I . amelia I will ... int . large indoor shopping centre ( montage ) - day 39 - Amelia wander aimlessly look at the life teeming around she . a comforting distraction . - Amelia sit on a bench eat a ice cream . she notice a adorable baby girl at the end of the bench sit on she mum 's lap . the mum tickle the little girl 's tummy . she burst into peal of laughter . Amelia connect with the mother , they share a warm smile . the mother focus back on she child . Amelia 's smile drop slowly , sadness replace it . int . undercover car park - day 40 Amelia get into she car . she see a man and a woman kissing in they car , opposite she . she do not want to look , but the passion of they embrace draw she in . the man whisper in the woman 's ear . she laugh , kissing he softly , then deeply , open mouth . Amelia watch , yearn , immeasurably sad . the couple break apart . they happen to look she way . Amelia look down , not want to be see . she rummages through she bag , happen to look at she mobile . 10 miss call . she check the sender . it 's she sister . ext . outside claire 's house - afternoon 4l Amelia arrive to a ' scene 's . Ruby be bawling , cling to she mother . Samuel be curl up in a ball on the lawn , stress and frighten . Claire 's face be a hard mask . 31 . claire where have you be ! you be not at work , I have rung you a million time ! amelia ( brace herself ) what happen ? claire he 's just scared the crap out of Ruby . the little girl cry , she mother gently shush she . Amelia look at Samuel . he 's spook . claire ( cont 'd ) he insisted on talk to this bloody babadook thing , all day . just talk to the air . it even freak I out . amelia I be so sorry . claire you need to get he to see someone Amelia . it 's not normal . amelia ( quietly ) if you do not want he here for Ruby 's party I understand . claire do not be stupid . I just do not want to have to deal with this monster crap - SAMUEL ( from the other side of the lawn , angry ) it 's not crap , it 's real ! amelia do not talk to aunty Claire like that ! she stride over . he put he hand in he pocket , grab something and throw it at the cement in front of she . it explode with a bang . the woman be stunne . int . car - afternoon 42 Amelia grip the wheel , tense . her eye flick between traffic and son in the back seat . amelia where do you get that firecracker ? 43 32 . SAMUEL you get they for I on the Internet . amelia well that 's the end of the Internet . Samuel sigh . Amelia try a much gentler approach . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( reasoning ) if you keep talk to thing that be not real , aunty Claire will not want you to come over anymore . ( beat . ) Samuel ? no answer . just stubborn silence . amelia ( cont 'd ) if the babadook be real , we would see it right now , would not we ? SAMUEL it want to make we really scared first . then you will see it . amelia well I be not scared . SAMUEL amelia you will be when it creep ( Civil ) that 's enough - into you room at night . SAMUEL you will be when it eat you inside . amelia ( suddenly ) I have decide you be not have you birthday with Ruby this week . no cake , no game , that 's the end of it . Samuel be crush . Amelia keep she eye on the road , grip the steering wheel , she knuckle turn white . int . kitchen / basement ( intercut ) - evening 43 - Kitchen . a pot of soup boil away on the stove . Amelia stir , focus on the task . she look up , and can just see Mrs roach sit in she lounge opposite , watch tv . the sight comfort she . she smile , relax . - basement . Samuel 's sparkly glove clap together . stuff toy all line up in a row . at the end of the line , a photo of Amelia with she husband , oskar . they have they arm around each other , smile . 44 33 . SAMUEL ( 0.s. ) laayydee and gentlemehhhn ! mum and dad ! Samuel have he magician outfit on , sparkly coat and hat . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) life be not always as it seem . it can be a wonderrus thing .. he do a quick magic trick . it 's good , he 's get a knack . bugsy be close by , sniff around . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) but it can also be very trecheruss ... he throw two firecracker onto the ground . they explode . bugsy be spook and hightail it up the stair . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) ( talk to something we can not see ) do not worry dad , I be gonna save mum . I be gonna trap the babadook like this .. he run to the stair , and pull on a rope . it tighten across the stair like a trip wire . - Kitchen . Amelia see bugsy push open the basement door and run through it . she 's shocked to see that door open . - basement . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) when he 's trap I be gonna kill he ! a newly make nail gun be strapped to he skinny leg . he fire it off . Nails fly through the air like tiny spear . amelia ( 0.s. ) SAMUEL . Samuel flinch . he rip off he weapon fast as he can , hide they and bolt upstairs . he 's in huge trouble . int . loungeroom - afternoon 44 Amelia 's face look tight and strange . Samuel be nervous , he jig around on the spot . she search he pocket , he pull away from she . she try the other one , pull out a key . he 's very ashamed . amelia how do you get this ?? 34 . SAMUEL I be just put something back .. amelia all you father 's thing be down there . SAMUEL he 's my father ! you don ’t own he ! a knock at the door . Amelia march towards it , open it . it 's Robbie , flower in one hand , a present in the other . robbie just think I have see how you be go . this be for you . she take the flower limply , not know what to say . robbie ( cont 'd ) and this be for you matey . my mum always get I a model aeroplane when I be sick - SAMUEL I be not sick . uncomfortable pause . Amelia 's face burn . she 's catch out big time . a huge wave of shame build up in she . robbie oh . I think you be si- amelia ( suppress anger ) no , he 's not actually . the truth be , he 's so disobedient he can not go to school anymore . SAMUEL ( indignant ) you say that 's not true ! amelia how many 6 year old boy do you know Robbie who still believe in monster ? SAMUEL ( scream at Amelia ) I hate you ! ( to Robbie ) she will not let I have a birthday party and she won 's T let I have a dad ! Samuel bolt up the stair . his door slam . a terribly awkward pause . robbie I be really sorry ... if you want to talk about it - 45 35 . amelia no , I do not . thanks anyway . thanks for the present . Robbie just stand there , look at she , awkward . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( fluster ) I be not expect anyone over . the house be a mess . robbie I do not care - amelia ( snap ) I care ! ( beat . ) please , can you just go ? robbie I , I .. amelia please go ! Robbie leave , embarrassed . Amelia shut the door , completely ashamed of herself . she look up and see the door to the basement wide open . she walk to it . Samuel have leave the light on down there . after a time , she force herself down that stair . int . basement - afternoon 45 Amelia find the crowded space in chaos . Samuel have pull out all he father 's thing , a desperate attempt to connect . the sight of it all put Amelia into a spin . she race around randomly stuff thing back in box . she clock the photo of she and oskar , walk over , pick it up , put it in she pocket , unable to even look at it . she turn and what she see make she jump with fright . Samuel have fix a hat , shirt and trousers to the wall , use he father 's thing to replicate a person . a pair of shoe rest under each trouser leg . oskar 's violin be out of its case , propped up against the wall , as if the shirt arm be hold it . Amelia 's fright subside overtaken by a terrible remorse that hit she right in the gut . tear well in she eye . 46 47 36 . int . SAMUEL be room - afternoon 46 Amelia hear Samuel play on a kid size electric piano . it 's good , definitely music , not just noise . she enter the room , he stop play immediately . amelia that be really good . Samuel be mute . she walk to the bed , sit next to he . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( reaching out ) you dad could play like that . he only have to hear something once . SAMUEL ( short ) I know . you have tell I . amelia ( force herself ) you can have you own birthday party this year if you want .. Sam shrug . amelia ( cont 'd ) I have make some yummy soup . Real , not out of a can . ( nothing . ) and after dinner we can play Monopoly , ok ? she smooth he hair gently . he do not shrug she off . amelia ( cont 'd ) ok ? he give she the smallest of nod . Amelia breathes a tiny sigh of relief . int . kitchen - night 47 Sam watch he mum taste she soup . she bite down on something . it hurt . she take it out of she mouth . it 's a shard of glass . her tongue bleed slightly . amelia do not eat it . Samuel stop . she sift through she soup . another shard . she test he soup . no glass . she look through hers and see more piece . Samuel look panicked . amelia ( cont 'd ) do you put glass in my soup ? 48 49 37 . SAMUEL the babadook do it mum ... he get up . Amelia search he face for the truth . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) the babadook do it ! amelia ( unnerve ) you go and watch a dvd , I 'il make something else . he look like he 's about to jump out of he skin . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( firm ) just go watch a dvd Samuel . int . kitchen - night 48 Amelia fries some sausage . the tv be loud . she go in to have a look . Samuel watch a magician dvd for kid , he back to she . magician on tv lady and gentleman ! life be not always as it seem ... Amelia look at Sam 's little frame , so tiny sit there . her mind be preoccupy , suspicious of she son . int . stair / amelia' room / SAM 's room - night 49 - stair . Amelia trudge up the stair . she see the back of Samuel run into he room . he shut the door behind he . odd . - Amelia 's room . Amelia catch sight of something shove under she wardrobe . she bend down to have a look . it 's a hammer . there 's a break glass next to it , shard of glass on the carpet . her throat tighten . she stand up , notice the bed . all the cover have be pull off and be lie on the floor . Amelia move in , spot a photo in the centre of the mattress . it 's the one of she and oskar . oskar 's face have be scratch out with a pen . her eye have be draw over with black hole , the mouth draw into a silent scream . she strongly resemble the picture of the babadook . 50 38 . - Sam 's room . Amelia storm in . she hold up the photo close to Samuel 's face , shaking with rage and fear . amelia do you think this be funny ! Samuel 's face drop . he run straight for he catapult . Amelia intercept , try to grab it from he . he wrench it back off she , a genuine struggle . she bend down to reason with he . he take the chance to slap she hard across the face , then shove she so forcefully she fall on she back . SAMUEL ( violent ) do you want to die !? Amelia be speechless . she watch Sam load the catapult . for the first time , she 's genuinely scared of she son . int . kitchen / SAMUEL 's room ( intercut ) - night 50 - Kitchen . bugsy jump up , try to reach Amelia 's lap . she ignore he , scratch she head , stare into space . the light dip in and out . it make she anxious . suddenly that pain in she mouth again . she feel the offend molar , wince as she pull and tug at it . - Sam 's room . he sleep sit up with he catapult on , breathe too fast and shallow , dwarf by he armour . - Kitchen . Amelia scratch she scalp with she finger , as if to relieve the pressure in she head and jaw . bugsy try to comfort she , but she 's in another world . - Sam 's room . he wake suddenly . shadows in every corner . it do not feel safe . he look at the wardrobe opposite . the door be open . Sam slip off the bed . mustering all he courage , he take small step towards the wardrobe . - Kitchen . Amelia 's finger scrape against she scalp . the sound intensify , the image so close it become surreal . her face , she eye in close up , full of anxiety . the sound of she scratch become deafen . - Samuel 's eye and face , frame by the catapult . 51 52 53 39 . the dark closet yawn open , a deep terrifying hole . he lift he eye and face slowly , follow something we do not see up the wall and across the ceiling . - Amelia hear a terrible crash sound upstairs . then Samuel scream , as if he 's be murder . she leap to she foot and be up that stair in a instant . int . SAMUEL 's room - moment later 51 Amelia find the wardrobe , too heavy for Sam to pull over , lie face down on the floor . his clothes spill out underneath it . the room look like it 's be ransacke . Amelia can not see Samuel . she run to the open window , then to the bed in a panic , search underneath . Samuel be squash right into a corner . he still have he catapult on . he will not come out , cling to the bed post . she have to really take hold and drag he out . she 's never see anything like it . his body be rigid in she arm , he face a picture of terror . it frighten she . SAMUEL ( over and over ) do not let it in ! do not let it in ! do not let it in ! he start to hyperventilate . Amelia carry he to the bed and cover he with she body , try to calm he . her eye scan he pillow . underneath one of they lie a book . she can see the spine of it . ' mister babadook .' her blood run cold . int . stairwell - night 52 Amelia throw the book down the stair , page fly . int . samuel' bedroom - night 53 - Samuel lie in a foetal position and suck he thumb as Amelia pat he back , sing he a lullaby . her voice tremble as she sing it . Samuel stare into space . 54 55 56 40 . int . bathroom - night 54 Amelia be in the bath , she knee up to she chest , cry she heart out . she take a deep breath , try to calm herself . it do not work . she break out into fresh sob , completely alone . int / ext . kitchen / front yard / hallway - night 55 - Amelia take the ' mister babadook ' to the table , open it , become more agitate as she read . ' if it 's in a word or it 's in a look , you can not get rid of the babadook . 's she turn the page . the image of the babadook fall on the boy in bed . the speech bubble ' let I in !' from the creature 's mouth . she slam the book shut , try to rip it in half . it 's too thick . determined , she rip out a page at a time , tear each one to piece . - Amelia shove the remnant in the otto bin , shut it . - Amelia carry the sleep Samuel into she room . int . amelia 's bedroom - night / day 56 Amelia watch Samuel as he sleep . bugsy be asleep in she arm , he front leg poke up near she face . the power surge , the lamp light flicker . that sound again downstairs . Amelia 's face tighten . she listen for more , hold she breath . nothing . just tight and tense silence . Amelia move in to Samuel , squashing bugsy in between . she pull the doona over she head . it cover the screen . SAMUEL ( 0.s. ) mum do we have to go to Ruby 's party ? the doona be drag down to reveal Amelia 's exhaust face . it 's suddenly morning . she stare at the ceiling , then make a monumental effort to turn on she side . her hand come out from under the doona , reach to the floor . she pick up a present amongst the clothes and book scattered there . the paper have angel all over it . 57 41 . int . claire 's kitchen - day 57 the present be pass to Ruby who 's wait expectantly . Amelia look like she have not sleep in year , dark circle under she eye . Sam sit on she lap , fragile , withdraw . his arm around she neck . she suffer it in silence . the middle class mother surround she , all perfect hair and white tooth . Beyond groom . kid run everywhere . Ruby open the present and be obviously disappointed . ruby I have already get this barbie . claire well now she have a twin . they can go shopping together . Ruby flounce outside . the other kid follow she . except for Samuel , who stay exactly where he be . amelia go on , off you go ... Amelia 's aware she 's be watch by the mother . Samuel will not let go of she neck , bury he face in she chest . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( laugh nervously ) he 's just tired .. she peel he arm away . Samuel fret , start to cry . the mother give each other surreptitious look . Amelia pull Samuel to she by both wrist . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( measure ) go-and-play-right-now . Sam leave , half cry , half whining , look at he mum all the way . she try to pretend nothing 's happen . mother 3 give Claire a look . Claire roll she eye then look to Amelia who be stare right at she . Claire look away , catch out . Amelia be hurt and humiliate . uncomfortable silence . mother 1 Claire tell I you be a writer ? amelia ( nervous ) oh ! not so much anymore ... 42. mother 2 what kind of write do you do ? amelia ( awkward ) I write article for magazine . some kid stuff but that be really just .. I have write a novel ... mother 3 would we have read it ? amelia ( embarrass ) it have not be publish . mother 1 oh. never mind ... a awkward pause . Amelia 's face flush with humiliation . claire she 's very talented , she just need to get back into it , that 's all . Amelia become very uncomfortable , the focus on she . mother 1 it must be very difficult . I do volunteer work with some disadvantaged woman . a few of they have lose they husband and they find it very hard . Amelia look at mother 1 , she face darken . claire ( change the subject ) how 's Richard 's merger go ? mother 1 ( 0.s. ) oh ! good but he workload 's balloon . tight on Amelia , fight a grow anger . mother 1 ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I have get the kid 24 / 7 it feel like . mother 2 ( 0.s. ) tell I about it ... mother 1 ( 0.s. ) I do not even have time to go to the gym anymore , it 's ridiculous ! amelia ( blurt it out ) that 's a real tragedy . 58 43 . the mother all look at Amelia , take aback . she stare at mother 1 , she contempt obvious . amelia ( cont 'd ) not have time to go to the gym . how do you cope ? pause . amelia ( cont 'd ) you must have a lot to talk about with that poor disadvantaged woman . horrible silence . Claire give she sister a death stare . Amelia look away , defiant , refuse to meet she gaze . ext . tree house / clairen backyard ( intercut ) - day 58 the large backyard be deck out with swing and a tree house . a clown entertain the kid with a lame trick . - Tree house . Ruby climb up to find Sam hide there . ruby this be my tree house . I say who come here . SAMUEL I be not hurt anybody . - backyard . Claire kiss the other mother goodbye . Amelia fix on the clown and kid . mother 1 you sure you do not want we to stay ? claire ( cheek kissing ) no that 's fine . i’1l1 call you when they be ready to be pick up . the woman give Amelia a half heart goodbye as they leave , she return it , embarrassed . amelia I can stay after and help you clean up . claire ( cold ) I ‘’1l be fine . Amelia do not go . the tension build as they sit there watch the child play in the enormous backyard . - Tree house . 44 , SAMUEL how would you mum know if it 's real or not ? she never come to we house . ruby mum tell dad she do not want to go to you house cause it 's too depress . SAMUEL the babadook would eat you mum for breakfast ! it have rip she arm off ! ruby ( scare ) shut up ! - backyard . Amelia can not stand it anymore . amelia I never say anything bad to you or anyone . I say one thing and I be a evil bitch . claire you be bloody rude . amelia she be so condescending ! ' I work with disadvantaged woman ' , give I a break ! claire shereen be a huge supporter of the gallery , she husband be one of we major investor , and she 's my friend ! amelia that woman look down on I . claire they feel for you in you situation ! amelia they feel sorry for I Claire ! there 's a big difference ! - Tree house . ruby I do not want you to come to my birthday party anyway . my mum make I do it . SAMUEL well , I do not wanna come . it 's boring . 45 . ruby no one like you . you make up storey cause you do not have any friend . SAMUEL I be not make thing up , you can not see thing cause you be stupid . - backyard . claire I know what this be really all about . amelia oh ? what ? claire as soon as anyone mention oskar , as soon as they even so much as hint at it , you can not cope . this hit a raw nerve with Amelia , she cover it . amelia that 's not true . claire I know he be the love of you life . and it be God awful what happen to he . but it will be seven year Amelia , be not it time you move on ? Amelia struggle desperately to keep she feeling in . amelia I have move on ! I do not mention he , I do not talk about he . what strain be it on you Claire ? I listen ... I listen to you life , day in day out and you do not stop to ask I anything about mine ! claire ( defensive ) I do ask ! I want to know how you be ! amelia only if everything 's fine ! - Tree house . ruby you be not even good enough to have a dad . everyone else have one and you do not . 46 . SAMUEL ( get upset ) I do have a dad . ruby you dad die so he do not have to be with you . and you mum do not want you . SAMUEL ( very close to tear ) that 's not true . ruby be so . Samuel stand up , he hurt turn to rage . - backyard . amelia you do not come round to we house anymore . claire amelia and you know why that be .. I ask and you never come round - claire ( snap ) because I can not stand be around you son ! amelia I can not believe you just say that . claire you can not stand be round he yourself ! - Tree house . Samuel lurch forward and push he cousin , hard . Ruby be knock off balance . she grab at the air as she fall backwards right out the door . Samuel face drop as he watch she fall . - backyard . Claire see she daughter fall , turn mid air and land straight on she face on the ground below . it look awful . both sister rush over . Ruby stand up , in shock , blood pour from she mouth . slowly , surely , she start to howl . all the kid stop play and stare . some get scared . claire ( cont 'd ) let I have a look darling . 59 47 . she open she mouth . a tooth have snap off at the base . Ruby be hysterical . blood spurt out . Amelia see she son at the top of the tree house . he look scared and guilty as he climb down . claire ( cont 'd ) ( lash out at he ) what did you do ! SAMUEL ( very upset , to Amelia ) she say I do not have a dad ! she keep say it ! ruby ( through the sob ) he .. he ... say the babadook be go to kill you mummy ... she howl . Claire pick she up and move swiftly into the house . Amelia follow , shame and anxiety on she face . claire ( to Amelia ) that bottom tooth be a adult tooth ! she 's not go to get it back ! Ruby squeal . Claire hold she tight and march to the front door . Amelia follow she closely . claire ( cont 'd ) stay here and look after the child ! do you want another one to get hurt ? Claire 's voice upset one of the girl , the girl cry , this set another one off . the kid be scared . she charge out of the door with she squealing daughter . Amelia turn to see a group of child in various state of distress . and in the middle be Samuel , completely lose . he rush in to Amelia . she push he away . he run to she again . amelia get away from I ! Samuel stop in he track , shocked and scared . Amelia look at the cry child in front of she . her stress reach boil point . int . car - day 59 Amelia drive fast , stuff she emotion down . 60 48 . a large cockroach appear on she bare leg . she violently sweep it away . it go fly into the mess at she foot . SAMUEL ( crying ) mum .. I do not mean to hurt she . she would not believe I .. mum-meee ... he start kick the back of she seat to get she attention . kick over and over and over .... Amelia swerve to the side of the road , screech to a halt . she flip she seat belt off , turn around . amelia there be no babadook ! Samuel 's anguish rise to fever pitch . he scream and cry , kick the seat over and over . amelia ( cont 'd ) it's all made up in you head ! Samuel suddenly go quiet . he look to he right , see something Amelia can not see . he look horrify . SAMUEL ( to the air ) get out ! ( to Amelia ) mummy .. amelia ( frightened ) Samuel , stop it now ... SAMUEL ( to the air , terrify ) get-out ! he go red in the face , as if he 's choke . Amelia watch , immobilize by shock . a middle age couple stop and stare , concerned . Samuel kick and punch , thrashing he body around . he scream out in pain . Amelia desperately try to help . Samuel 's eye roll back in he head , he body go rigid , he finger splay . it look absolutely horrifying . Amelia panic . she open she car door . amelia ( to the onlooker ) please help ! there 's something wrong with my child ! int . doctor' surgery - day 60 a eye be check by a sharp light . the pupil contract . 61 49 . a tongue depressor be put into the child 's mouth . a stethoscope against Samuel 's bare chest . doctor ( 0.s. ) cough now . Samuel 's throat show the reflex of a cough . Samuel look to the doctor , a overworked , middle - age man . Amelia sit on a chair nearby . she look wreck . int . doctor' reception / doctor 's surgery - day 61 - Samuel wait on the bench , exhaust . the receptionist give he a warm smile . he do not smile back . - surgery . doctor I would say it be a febrile convulsion . the brain get overheate - amelia yes , I know what they be , I be a nurse . doctor it always look worse than it be . amelia I have never see anything like that .. doctor he 's obviously suffer from a high level of anxiety , very commit to the monster theory . amelia that 's a understatement .. the doctor stop to look at Amelia , slightly irritate . doctor all child see monster . amelia not like this . and it 's get worse . doctor he could see a psychiatrist . I have some number . take a few week to get in . 62 50 . amelia of course he need to see someone . but can I just get something now to make he sleep ? just until I get a appointment . the doctor hesitates . amelia ( cont 'd ) please . I have not sleep in week . neither have Samuel . when we go home tonight the whole nightmare will start up again and I nm-not-cop .. he seriously study Amelia , size she up . doctor I can prescribe a short course of benzodiazepine , just till the test come back . this be very strong for child . most mother be not too keen on they unless it 's really bad . amelia it 's really bad . he open he pad and write out the script . doctor they can make child feel uncoordinate , foggy , maybe some temporary nausea . they will help he to sleep though , that 's for sure . he rip out the prescription and hand it to she . doctor ( cont 'd ) that 's for one week . half strength . Amelia 's face relax a little . Problem solve for now . int . SAMUEL be room - night 62 Amelia have a glass of water and the pill at hand . Samuel sit up , worried , look at the pill . SAMUEL be there something wrong with I ? amelia I be sure everything will be alright . this will help for now . SAMUEL why do not people like I ? 51 . amelia why do you say that ? SAMUEL Ruby say people do not like I cause I be weird . amelia sometimes people say thing that be not true . Samuel do not look convinced . amelia ( cont 'd ) you just need to take you medicine , have a big sleep and not worry . Samuel be suddenly very anxious . he cling to Amelia . she try not to tense up at he touch . SAMUEL I do not want you to die . amelia I be not go to die for a long time yet . SAMUEL do you think that about my dad before he die ? the comment hit she . she slowly pull he away from she . amelia you need to take this pill so you can go to sleep . ( Bright ) I have get the day off tomorrow . maybe we can do something . SAMUEL will this make the babadook go away ? amelia I think so . but you have to promise you will not mention it again . he take the pill in hand , look at she seriously . SAMUEL I promise to protect you if you promise to protect I . then I will not mention it . amelia of course I will . 63 64 52 . SAMUEL sometimes people say thing that be not true . she look he in the eye , as sincerely as she can . amelia I promise to protect you . ( about the pill ) come on . he take they , she give he the water , he drink it . SAMUEL ( anxious ) can you stay here with I ? amelia yes . SAMUEL I love you mum . amelia ( tight ) I too . Samuel 's face drop with she response . Amelia tuck he into bed . he do not look at she , infinitely sad . Amelia stand and look at Samuel 's back , a guilty sadness cross she face . int . amelia 's room - night / morning 63 Amelia sit on she bed , heavy with exhaustion . her face see from above as she fall onto the pillow in slow motion . the pillow seem mile away . a lullaby play on violin . her face relax , she eye close . finally she land on the pillow , surrender to deep sleep . a soft , unearthly light play on she face . after several blissful moment , the lullaby end . Amelia open she eye and look over at the clock . llam . she drift up to sit . it 's quiet and calm in the room and outside . she stand , she face be tranquil , dreamy . int . SAMUEL 's room - morning 64 Amelia see Samuel lie on he bed with he back to she , completely still . she drift towards he . his eye be close , he face perfect , like a doll 's . 65 66 53 . she lean in to check he 's breathe . he be . int . hallway - morning 65 Amelia shuffles down the hallway , yawn , content . Three knock on the front door . she cover over she dress gown , smooth down she hair and move to the door , open it . there 's no one there . she peer out onto the street . not a soul . it 's very quiet , strangely so . she stand there a moment , puzzle , then close the door . Amelia 's almost at the end of the hall when it happen again . Three loud , sharp knock . she turn , stride to the front door , open it . sitting on the welcome mat be the book of ' mister babadook . ' its piece all glue back together . the blood drain from Amelia 's face . she bend down to pick it up . she look on the street for any sign of life . nothing . Amelia run inside with the book firmly in she grasp . int . lounge room - morning 66 Amelia flip through the book , become more frighten as she go . she find a new page with large angry word . ' i'11 wager with you , i'll make you a bet . the more you deny , the stronger I get . 's she flip the page . the boy in the bed have be replace by a scream woman . she look like Amelia . the babadook drop down over she , the word ' let I in 's fly out of its mouth . Amelia flip the page . the woman stand with arm outstretch . the babadook 's shadow rise behind she . ' you start to change when I get in , the babadook grow right under you skin . ' Amelia 's hand shake as she fumble for the next page . oh come ! come see what' under -neath ! 67 68 54 . she turn the page . a huge shadow envelop the woman as she snap the neck of a little white dog . the dog look exactly like bugsy . Amelia flip the page , not want but need to see . the woman strangle a boy with she bare hand . the shadow hold she arm , force she to it . Amelia flip the page . a image of the woman , she mouth open in a terrible scream . she slit she throat , blood spurt everywhere . Amelia turn to the final page . just text that say ' if it be in a word , or it's in a look , you can't get rid of the babadook . ext . backyard - morning 67 petrol splashes out of a can . a pair of hand throw a light match into the barbeque where the rip up book now lie . it ignites quickly . Amelia stand back as the flame rise , watch it burn . she see Samuel at the back door , try to wake up . she shoot he a tense smile . he look concerned . int . amelia 's hallway / claire 's house - morning 68 Amelia be on the phone to Claire . claire she have to have a root canal and a crown . amelia I all pay for everything . claire you can not even pay for you own dental work , how be you go to do that ? Amelia do not know what to say . claire ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I really have to go now . amelia ( blurt it out ) Claire , I think someone be stalking I and Samuel . 69 55 . claire ( 0.s. ) what ? amelia a book turn up at we house . claire what be you talk about ? amelia I throw it away . but someone glue it back together and put it on we doorstep . claire ( 0.s. ) a book ? Amelia I can not help you now - amelia I do not expect you to help , I just - claire if you be worried you should go to the police . I have get to go . ( hang up . ) Amelia put down the phone , crush . she stare at she hand , black from the smoke . silence . the phone ring sharply , give she a fright . amelia ( pick up ) Claire ? there be a silence on the other end . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( grow tense ) hello ? finally , a noise on the other end , but not a human one . ' babababababa dook - dook - dook 's ' the sound rip through Amelia . she slam down the phone . ext . outside mrs roach 's house - day 69 a door open . Amelia wait there , a vulnerable smile . Samuel be beside she , sit on the doorstep . mrs roach ( lighting up ) hello love . amelia hi Gracie . ( to Samuel ) up you get Sam . 70 56 . mrs roach oh he 's alright . you tired little one ? SAMUEL I be exhaust Mrs roach . I be on drug . amelia ( explain ) he have a fit yesterday . he 's alright , but we have have to medicate he . mrs roach oh , you poor little thing ... amelia Gracie would I be able to leave Samuel with you for a hour or so ? I have get to do something and he can not come along . mrs roach yes of course . be you alright ? amelia ( upbeat ) I be fine . I normally would not ask you to look after he - mrs roche amelia ( genuine ) that 's no problem Claire 's busy . I normally at all - would not ask for help . Mrs roach reach out take Amelia 's hand . mrs roach it 's not a crime to ask for help love . Amelia try with all she might not to cry . int . police station - day 70 Amelia enter , intimidate by the surroundings . there be three policeman on duty , one older sergeant at the front desk , and two in the back who do not look old enough to be work . they all look bored . Amelia shuffles up to the counter . amelia hi . I want to report someone stalking I and my child . sergeant ( start write ) when do the incident occur madam ? 57 . amelia it start this week . sergeant can you tell we what happen ? amelia someone send I a.. a child 's book . the teenage cop stifle a laugh . Amelia see it . the sergeant give they a quick , stern look . sergeant and ? amelia ( directed at the two in the back ) and it contain violent and graphic image of my child and I be murder . the two in the back instantly stop smile . sergeant can we have a look at the book please ? amelia ( sheepish ) I burnt it . sergeant ( deflate ) you burnt it . amelia yes . sergeant well , unfortunately there 's nothing we can do about it . amelia he 's make phone call to I as well . sergeant what 's he say ? amelia nothing , he 's just make noise . sergeant how do you know it 's the same person ? amelia because of what he write in the book ! sergeant the book you burnt . 71 58 . amelia ( defeat ) yes ..... she look past the policeman in the back and see a coat rack . on the rack hang a long black coat . perched right on top of the coat be a old fashioned black top hat . just like the coat and hat in the book . Amelia look suddenly frighten . the sergeant note it . he look at she hand on the counter , black from the fire . Amelia retract they , try to remain compose . she straighten she hair , the hair she do not brush this morning . the sergeant do not take he eye from she . sergeant be you have a hard time at the moment , love ? she look to the hat and coat , then back to the sergeant , try to concentrate . amelia ok , thanks , do not worry about it . she almost run out . ext . outside mrs roach 's house - afternoon 71 Samuel trudge towards he mum come down the path . mrs roach do you get you thing do ? Amelia nod , try to appear relaxed . SAMUEL Mrs roach have parkingsun , that 's why she shake all the time like she 's dance . amelia SAMUEL Samuel - it might get worse but it will not get better - amelia you do not have to say everything that come into you head ! mrs roach it 's alright love . he want to know , so we talk about it . Amelia check herself . Samuel trudge back home , tired . 72 59 . mrs roach ( cont ’d ) he see thing as they be , that one . his dad be the same , always speak he mind . amelia ( snap ) I would rather not talk about he dad . it 's be seven year ! she walk off without a goodbye . Mrs roach look after Amelia , concerned by she uncharacteristic response . int . lounge room / kitchen / hallway - day 72 - Amelia pass Samuel lie on the couch , already half asleep . her tooth be give she a massive migraine . - bugsy be in the kitchen , bark nonstop . she try to move closer to he , he run straight past she outside . it look like a bomb 's go off . food in the sink , mess everywhere . she pause for a moment , overwhelm . something tickle she arm . it 's a cockroach . she jump , flick it off in disgust . it fall to the floor . she notice another one on the floor nearby . then another . about six or seven of the bastard . they seem to be come from behind the fridge . Amelia pull the fridge out from the wall . the wallpaper be tear in one place . a cockroach pop out of it . it disgust she . she start to peel back the paper . a hole in the wall . it 's fill with cockroach . they crawl out , some drop at she foot . she have to stop from vomit as she run for a broom . Samuel appear at the door . amelia do not come in here ! - later . the content of the fridge have be turfed out onto the bench . it look even messier than before . Amelia have a old dress on and large rubber glove . she look completely dishevel , manically clean . suddenly , three knock at the door . Amelia freeze . a pause . the three knock come again . she creep past a sleep Samuel on the couch , towards the front door , she broom as a weapon . 60 . Amelia look through the peephole . two stranger at the door , a man and a woman . Amelia open the door . the people look Amelia up and down . the old dress , the glove , she dishevel hair . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( terse ) I do not want to buy anything . welfare man be you Amelia vanek ? amelia ( suddenly nervous ) yes . welfare man I be Warren Newton and this be prue flannery from the Department of Community service . the babbage Bay primary School have ask we to stop in and say hello . amelia my son have only be away two day . welfare man he 's not actually register at babbage Bay anymore . if I could just come in , meet Samuel and get you to look at this papers , that have be terrific . Amelia manage to give they a feeble smile . - Lounge room . the welfare pair scrutinize they surround , both notice the smashed window , now patch up with plastic and duct tape . Amelia be suddenly very self conscious . bugsy come out , bark loudly . Samuel wake up , groggy . amelia bugsy ! sshh ! that 's enough . bugsy run away when Amelia try to pick he up . welfare woman hello Samuel . I be prue and this be Warren . Samuel sit up . she put out she hand , he shake it . 61 . SAMUEL hello . welfare woman how be you ? SAMUEL I be a bit tired from the drug mum give I . they both look to Amelia with concern . amelia not ' drug 's , tranquillizers . they concern grow . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( quickly ) from the doctor . he have a fit yesterday . bugsy bark , Amelia try to grab he , he run outside . SAMUEL I feel really tired akshally . welfare woman that 's no good . the welfare woman throw Amelia a disapprove glance . she look into the kitchen chaos . welfare woman ( cont ’d ) ( to Amelia ) May I have a glass of water ? amelia yes , of course . I will just get you one . Amelia dart into the kitchen . the welfare people follow . they notice a mound of wallpaper on the floor . amelia ( cont 'd ) it 's a real mess , I know . I have just find a cockroach infestation . I normally keep the house spray , I did spray it already actually ! there 's a big hole in the wall behind the fridge , that 's why I .. Amelia show they to the area behind the fridge . there 's no hole in the wall , just a mound of wallpaper at they foot . no cockroach . Amelia be gob smack . the two welfare people sneak a look at each other . 73 74 62. amelia ( cont 'd ) I do not mean a hole in the wall , there be a hole in the wall paper . they be lay they egg in there , I think . she smile , very nervous . they smile back , politely . welfare man we have catch you at a bad time . I will leave some information for you to read over , we can come back in a week to talk through you option . here 's my card . SAMUEL ( 0.s. ) mum . all three adult look to Samuel . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) I think I be gonna vomit . int / ext . outside house / lounge room - late afternoon 73 - outside . Amelia stuff all the wallpaper in the bin . - Lounge room , soon after . Samuel be once again fast asleep on the couch . it 's just start to get dark . int . kitchen / lounge room - evening 74 Amelia be wash dish . she can see Mrs roach watch tv in she lounge room . she smile , comfort by the familiar sight . time stretch . she look into the soapy water . the splash sound , the warmth calm she . she pull out a plate , look up again . stand in the shadow , behind Mrs roach , be the half visible form of the babadook . the black shadowy coat , the tall top hat , the long black glove can just be see . it appear to be look right at she . Amelia drop the plate into the sink . SAMUEL ( 0.s. ) mum . Amelia start and look at Samuel at the kitchen door . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) ( exhausted ) I be gonna go to bed . 75 76 63. amelia ah ... it 's only 6 o'clock . do not you want to stay up with you mum for a while ? SAMUEL no .. he turn and leave . Amelia look back out the window . no babadook . just Mrs roach sit with a cup of tea . she turn and follow Sam into the lounge , on edge . amelia ( desperate ) if you go to bed now , the pill will not work properly . you have to stay up for a while sweetheart . Samuel sigh . he drag himself onto the couch again . int . lounge room - evening 75 Samuel finish off a magic trick , he heart 's not in it . amelia what about another one ? SAMUEL ( cranky ) no mum ! int . lounge room / bathroom / amelia 's bedroom - night 76 - Samuel be on the couch half asleep , watch a video . Amelia stare at the screen but do not take it in . she look into the mess of the kitchen , fear on she face . she turn up the volume on the tv , Samuel stir . - bathroom . Samuel be almost asleep in the bath . Amelia wash he back vigorously . - bedroom . Amelia read . Sam barely have he eye open . amelia -.- and live happily in a beautiful palace for the rest of they day . 's the end . Samuel be asleep . Amelia stare at the end of she bed , the light of the lamp bleed into the darkness beyond . the light flicker . the bedside light buzze softly , then get louder . Amelia flick she arm out and turn it off . 77 64 . int . amelia 's bedroom - later 77 Amelia lie wide awake in bed on she side . Samuel be out to it . she turn over , restless , stare at the ceiling . that sound downstairs again . only this time , it come up the stair and stop outside she door . Amelia freeze . a slight scratch sound at the door . she start to panic , the scratch get louder . she hear a whimper . it 's the dog . she spring out of bed and open the door , relieved . bugsy run in , jump straight up on the bed , find a spot near Samuel and settles . Amelia jump under the cover . silence . darkness . Amelia 's eye flick , nervous . the scratch start up again , only this time it can not be the dog . Amelia stare at the door unable to move . the door click and move open by itself . Amelia watch , she heart in she throat . the rustling , scratch sound move inside the room . Amelia slip the cover over she head , terrify . she can not see anything now . the sound appear to be move closer . after a age , Amelia pull down the duvet , unable to stand it anymore . she peer into the terrible darkness . something large and black lurk in one corner on the ceiling . she can not make out what it be . time stop . the shadow scuttle quickly across the ceiling . it stop right above she head . Amelia be paralyze by fear . she hear a rasp sound . the thing appear to be breathe . her hand reach for the bedside lamp . her eye be fix on the dread shadow right above she head . before she can get there , the thing drop down right on top of she . she see its hideous , mask like face millimetre from she own ; the black eye , the mouth wrench open in a permanent , silent scream . she take a huge breath , as if breathe the thing in , terrorize . Amelia switch on the lamp , spring out of bed and turn on the overhead light . bugsy bark . Samuel wake . there 's nothing there . Samuel sit up , try to focus . 78 65 . amelia we be go downstairs . SAMUEL why ? amelia because we be ! int . lounge room - night / morning 78 Amelia turn every lounge light on . she move to the kitchen , turn the light on there . Samuel watch , groggy . bugsy follow Amelia , bark continuously . - later . all the light still on . the tv be up loud . Amelia try desperately to stay awake , absently hit the remote . commercial , nature program , soap opera . a old black and white George mélié clip appear on the screen . beautiful silent image , childlike but slightly disturbing . just like the babadook book . a weird tinkling lullaby accompany they , seduce she to sleep . she fight it , she head nodd forward and back , a drowsy agitation , desperate to stay awake . the mélié image stream in front of she . people dismember , head grow larger and smaller , old style cinema trick . strange and sinister . emotion pass over Amelia 's face as she watch , agitation , amusement , exhaustion , fear . something be brewing . she jerk forward and back , she eye heavy . her face speed up . it look bizarre . the tinkly piano music continue to play . and still she do not sleep . Amelia 's face return to normal speed , she look around . the sun be come through the window . it 's already morning . she lean over . something do not feel right . she look to Samuel asleep on the couch , he back to she . bugsy peer over Samuel , study Amelia with caution . she return the dog 's stare , unblink . there 's a eery silence in the room . she look at the tv . it 's on mute . Amelia suddenly lurch forward and manage to stand . she centre herself momentarily , then shuffles to the stair . 66 . int . amelia 's room - morning 79 amelia ( into mobile ) hi beverly , it 's Amelia . pause . Amelia look exhaust and strange . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( flat ) I can not come in today , I think I have catch what my son have ... I do not want to give it to anyone at work ... alright , give all my shift to someone else , that 's just what I need ... I can not help it if I be sick , what do you expect I to do ?... you do that ! she throw the phone on the bedside table , sit down heavily on the bed , she head in she hand . she lie on she side , pull up the cover , stare at the wall , she eye zombie like . they eventually close . silence . and finally , sleep . SAMUEL ( 0.s. ) mum .... Amelia 's eye spring open . she do not respond . SAMUEL ( 0.s ) ( cont 'd ) I take my pill , but now I feel sick again . ( pause . ) I need to eat something .. Amelia 's eye fill with resentment . she close they . SAMUEL ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I could not find any food in the fridge . her eye snap open , stare , cold . SAMUEL ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you say to have they with food . Amelia 's face harden , a bury fury surfacing . SAMUEL ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I be really hungry mum . she sit up suddenly , face Samuel . she look odd . amelia why do you have to talk - talk - talk all the time ? do not you ever stop talking ? Samuel be take aback by he mother 's tone . 80 67 . SAMUEL I be just - — amelia i- need-to-sleep . she look fierce . Samuel be unnerve . SAMUEL I be sorry mummy , I be just hungry . amelia ( frighten ) if you be that hungry , why do not you go and eat shit ! Samuel back away through the door , genuinely scared . Amelia lie back down , pull the sheet over she . after a moment , she realize with absolute shame what she 's just do . it rattles she . int . SAMUEL be room - morning 80 Amelia arrive at the door , sheepish . she see Samuel on he bed , head down . he try desperately not to cry . his body tense as she come near , he 's scared of she . amelia I be so sorry . I do not know why I say that . that be terrible . Samuel do not look at she . he start to cry . it 's heart wrenching , Amelia feel it . amelia ( cont 'd ) it 's just ... I have have absolutely no sleep ... I do not know what I be say . Samuel try to stop cry , he can not . amelia ( cont 'd ) I will cook you something . what would you like ? you can have anything at all . SAMUEL ( crying ) I be not hungry anymore . she put she arm around he . he wriggle away from she . amelia ( ashame ) I can understand you be upset . I would be if I be you .. 81 82 68. Amelia search for the right word to placate he . amelia ( cont 'd ) we need to get out of this house ... would you like to go to McDonalds ? SAMUEL you say McDonalds be bad for you . amelia once in a while do not hurt . Samuel calm down a little . amelia ( cont 'd ) you can have whatever you want , alright ? even ice cream for breakfast if you want . a long pause as Samuel calm down , think about it . int . mcdonald - day 81 kid 's party . the place be pack with scream child . Amelia look around at the tacky decor . the sound and sight be irritate , loud and bright . Samuel sit in front of a large happy meal , dark circle under he eye . he chomp away on he french fries . Amelia give he a warm smile . he manage one back . thing be better , the power of junk food have work . a stabbing pain in she jaw . Amelia wince . she reach inside she mouth and feel she back molar . she massage she jaw , search for relief . int . car - day 82 SAMUEL ( very tired ) where be we go ? amelia ( wire ) I just wanna drive for a while .. Amelia feel a itch on she leg . she look down . her leg be cover in cockroach . she recoil , desperately flick they away . the car swerve , Samuel panic . Amelia look in the rear vision mirror . 83 84 69 . a shadowy shape jump onto the boot then the roof . she can hear it , pound like mad , a terrible sound . she swerve all over the road , frighten . Samuel scream . Amelia accidentally accelerate , head straight towards another car . a screeching of tyre , a sicken sound . Amelia be freeze at the wheel , shell shocked . Samuel be cry . it 's a miracle they be not hurt . a young corporate guy get out of the other car , a brand new audi . he inspect the damage , then run to Amelia . guy you run straight into I ! Amelia look at he with a blank expression , in shock . guy ( cont ’d ) I just buy this bloody car ! what be you do ? the guy look into the back seat , see Samuel cower . guy ( cont ’d ) oh ! driving on the wrong side of the road ! with a kid in the back ! you could have kill someone , you know that !? the man 's face loom large and terrible in the window . she reverse the car suddenly and screech away as fast as she can , leave the man bewilder in she wake . ext . mrs roache 's front yard / amelia 's front yard - day 83 Mrs roach be collect the mail . she see Amelia and Sam get out of they car , go to say hello , but be stop by the look on Amelia 's face . she look terrible . Amelia check the roof of the car . there 's nothing , not a dint , not a scratch . her face pale . she stumble to the house , Samuel drag along behind , focus on he mum . Mrs roach watch they as they disappear , worried . int . bathroom - evening 84 Amelia have a warm bath run and be sit in it , fully clothed . she hold she knee to she chest , tremble , try to calm herself down . she look awful . Samuel stand by , worried . 85 86 70 . SAMUEL mum . do you want I to call aunty Claire ? she do not reply . Samuel edge closer . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) I can talk to she and tell she we have a accident and she can come over ... mum ? amelia ( quiet ) aunty Claire do not want to talk to we anymore . beat . Amelia get up and grab hold of Samuel gently . she put he into the bath , shirt , short , sock and all . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( sooth ) it 's nice and warm in here .. Samuel sit opposite he mum , very concerned . Long pause . SAMUEL I do not want you to go away .. amelia ( strangely calm ) I be not go anywhere . they sit opposite each other , in silence . int . entrance to basement - evening 85 Amelia come out of the basement , clutching the violin . she clock Samuel in the lounge and walk right past he without acknowledgement . Sam be shocked . int . amelia 's room - evening 86 Amelia lie down , calm by the violin tight in she arm . Sam follow , climb on the bed to stroke she forehead . she relax and close she eye , let he comfort she . a tender moment between they as Samuel smooth he mum 's hair , suddenly the parent . SAMUEL mum ... I do not think we should stay here tonight . ( nothing . ) I can call Mrs roach . amelia we can not trouble other people . 87 88 89 71 . SAMUEL she would not mind , I know she would not . amelia I do not want you to call anyone . I just need to sleep ... Sam stroke Amelia 's cheek . she relax , let he in . he accidentally knock the violin with he knee . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly vicious ) leave it ! Sam back away , sit on a easy chair in the corner . Amelia watch he there from the bed . her eyelid open and close , she give in to sleep , shutting out she son . int . amelia 's room - evening 87 a short while later . the last ray of light be die in the room , they play on the curtain , shadow form . creepy . Amelia 's sleep face . whisper voice , barely audible , envelop she . they sound demonic . her face contort from a nightmare . the whisper intensify . Amelia 's eye snap open . the whisper stop altogether . she sit up . be she hearing thing ? she search the near dark room . eerie silence . Samuel be nowhere to be find . int . upstair hallway - evening 88 Light be fade fast in the house . Amelia descend the stair , strain to see . the whisper start up again , taunting she . she stop dead in she track and the sound stop . she stumble on , she face dark and troubled . int . lounge room / kitchen - evening 89 Amelia stand in the dark lounge room . the whisper return , only louder this time , more threaten . she can not tell where they be come from . it infuriate she . 72 . she race into the kitchen , turn on the light , and round the bench . she see Samuel in he armour , whisper to someone on she mobile phone . he almost jump out of he skin . she rip the mobile out of he hand and look at the screen , livid . Mrs roach 's name flash up . she try to contain she fury as she prepare to talk . amelia ( calm as possible ) Gracie . I be so sorry . mrs roach have someone break into the house ? Sam say someone be try to get in ?? amelia no . we be fine . Samuel 's just be very disobedient . again . mrs roach ( 0.s. ) oh ! I be so worried ! amelia I be really sorry . I tell he not to bother anyone . mrs roach he ask if you could stay the night , that 's no problem at all - amelia ( very nice ) no , we be fine . I have a small headache , that 's all . I have get to go now though . I be sorry for troubling you ..... yes , talk soon . she hang up , deadly silent , glaring at Sam . he look white as a sheet . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( tight ) I tell you not to call anyone and you deliberately disobey I . Samuel lower he head , anxious and scared . amelia ( cont 'd ) do you want to frighten Mrs roach ? a old lady who can hardly walk ? do you want to make she sick ? Sam be too scared to talk . this inflame Amelia more . 90 73. amelia ( cont 'd ) ( explode ) take that bloody thing off ! he take the catapult off quick smart . Amelia take out she phone battery , chuck it in the bin , only half aware of what she 's do . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( beside herself ) be this the only way I can trust you will not embarrass I in front of the neighbour ? she grab something from the kitchen : a large knife . Samuel be freak out by the sight . amelia ( cont 'd ) be this what I have to do ? she cut the cord to the land line , shaking with anger . SAMUEL I be sorry mummy . I be just scared because the babadook make you crash the car and then - amelia ( stop dead ) what do you say ? Amelia 's energy darken . Samuel 's fear increase . SAMUEL ( frantic ) I just do not want you to let it in ! Amelia snap . she race to the cupboard . key jingling . amelia I nil make sure we do not let anything in , alright Samuel ? nothing be come in here tonight . ( scream ) nothing ! she charge off to the front door , open it , lock the security grill , slam the front door with a vengeance . int . house / SAMUEL 's bedroom - night ( intercut ) 90 - Amelia lock the door and window , she face a mixture of rage and fear . she can not stop herself , slamm and lock every door , every window in the house . bugsy follow she , bark incessantly . she kick he out of the way , completely agitate , drive . 91 92 74 . - Samuel unlock a case under he bed , pull out hide weapon . he listen to Amelia bang around downstairs . - Amelia have lock up the entire house . in one last impulsive move , she throw all she key out a bar , backyard window . her rage have wear itself out . now , she just look frighten . int . samuel' bedroom - night 91 Amelia and Samuel sit on he bed . Amelia try she best to be nice . the intense pain in she jaw and head make it tough . she have the water and pill . Sam be on edge , unwilling to take he medicine . SAMUEL ( hesitate ) I feel sick . amelia ( Civil ) if you do not take the pill you will feel worse . SAMUEL ( plead ) mum ... amelia come on Samuel . SAMUEL I do not think I need - amelia ( suddenly threaten ) I be the parent and you be the child . so take - the-pill . Samuel take the pill from she . he raise he arm . the pill drop down discreetly into he shirt sleeve as he bring he hand to he mouth . a perfect sleight of hand that Amelia do not see . he take a swig of water . she open he mouth , check he 's take they . amelia ( cont 'd ) good boy . int . loungeroom - evening 92 hysterical sound effect from a cartoon on the tv . Amelia be doze . she jolt awake and look over to the couch . 93 94 95 75 . Samuel lie there on he back . his throat be cut . there be multiple stab wound to he body . his dead eye stare up at the ceiling , he face and body soak in blood . Amelia rush over to he . she try to scream , but nothing come out , she face a horrible mask of fear . SAMUEL ( 0.s. ) mum ! Amelia look at she son . he be crouch on the sofa , ready to spring . he 's perfectly fine , but terrify by he mother 's behaviour . Amelia slowly recover , completely disorient . Samuel look to she right hand , terrify . Amelia look to where he 's look . there 's a large carve knife in she hand . int . kitchen - evening 93 Amelia throw the knife in the drawer and slam it shut . int . amelia 's room - night 94 Amelia sit on she bed , tear roll down she face . bugsy appear at the door . the sight of he comfort she . amelia ( shaky ) come on sweetheart . come here . he stay at the door . Amelia go to he very gently . he put he ear back but let himself be pick up . she stroke he tenderly , she fear dissipate . they stay there like that for a moment . bugsy suddenly bite she hand and jump to the floor . Amelia watch he run away , in shock . int . lounge room - night 95 tv still on . Amelia bring two bowl load up with ice cream , marshmallow on top . she 's try way too hard . amelia here we go ! 96 76 . Samuel look at the bowl , he face be worried and tense . she place it in front of he , force a smile . amelia ( cont 'd ) there 's more where that come from . Samuel take a spoonful , taste it gingerly . Amelia watch he eat , tense as hell . a sudden , stabbing pain in she tooth , she hand fly up to she jaw . it 's get worse . she massage , fear and pain in she eye . int . lounge room - later 96 mother and son steal glance at each other . the tv blare over the top of they silence . Samuel 's eyelid become heavy as he struggle with , then succumb to sleep . bugsy guard Samuel , watch Amelia . Amelia channel surf manically , not stop to look at anything . she finally stop on the late night news . news reporter -.. in the kitchen where he behead he sister , reportedly a day after she birthday . she have just turn seven . Amelia watch , horrify . image of a normal suburban house , cordon off , police on the scene . news reporter ( cont 'd ) her teenage brother remain inside where he be eventually shot dead by police . Amelia see police on the tv pass by a window of the house . what she see next chill she to the bone . there be a clear image of Amelia herself look out from the window of this suburban house , smile a disturbing smile . Amelia try to comprehend what she see . suddenly , all the light snap off , plunging the house into darkness . Amelia 's breathe harden . her eye focus on the couch . Samuel be no longer on it . her panic increase . amelia ( whisper ) Samuel ... Samuel be suddenly beside she . it frighten she . 97 77 . SAMUEL ( eye close ) wake up mummy . she can see he eye be close . amelia darling , you be the one who 's asleep . he stand there for some time , then drift towards the basement door , eye still close . amelia ( cont 'd ) do not go down there .. he open the door . a light come on down there . Samuel disappear down the stair . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( move after he ) it 's not safe ! she stand at the top of the basement stair watch Sam descend . she 's confuse by the light be on down there . it draw she down , into the bowel of the house . int . basement - night 97 Amelia arrive to a basement completely clear of clutter . the most beautiful , ethereal light transform it . Samuel be nowhere to be find . Amelia step into the light and be calm by it . out of the shadow step the man from the photo . Amelia 's husband , oskar , a handsome man in he forty . Amelia 's face drop when she see he . her eye spontaneously fill with tear . she race in to he . they stay like that for a long time , hold each other . Amelia cry in disbelief , she emotion overwhelming she . he kiss she , he 's real . she melt into he , let go into one exquisite moment . amelia ( overwhelm ) I think you be dead .. oskar we can be together sweetheart ... she hug he tighter , in complete disbelief . Long pause . oskar ( cont 'd ) you just need to bring I the boy . 98 78 . Amelia feel a sudden chill run over she and pull back from she husband . it suddenly do not feel right . the beautiful light have disappear . deep shadow fall across oskar 's face . he look strange . amelia you mean Samuel .. oskar ( his voice distort ) you can bring I the boy ... you can bring I the boy ... amelia stop call he the boy . Amelia look down to oskar 's hand . there 's nothing at the end of he sleeve . she try to comprehend it . a rumbling sound start up . oskar ( distorted ) I think it 's go to rain . she look up . a razor thin line of blood form a diagonal line from one ear across to he jaw on the other side . amelia ( terrify ) no .... Amelia bolt up that stair as fast as she can . int . lounge room / kitchen - night 98 - Amelia enter the lounge room . the light have return , flicker on and off . the tv be on static . Amelia watch the overhead light flare up . the bulb smashes . complete darkness . a hideous silence . Amelia sense something behind she in the kitchen . she turn slowly and be meet with she worst nightmare . at the far corner of the kitchen , about 15 metre away , be a hideous silhouette in the darkness . a large black coat , pointy black glove and a tall black hat . then she hear it . a terrifying , insect like noise as the thing glide straight towards she . it stop , tower over she . she can not make out any detail , but she can feel it look at she , suspend in terror . 99 79 . she suddenly tear up that stair , take two at a time , racing into the first open door she can find . the sound of the thing screeching after she . int . SAMUEL be room - night 99 Amelia grab a chair and push it under the doorknob , stumbling backwards towards the fireplace . a awful silence , just the sound of Amelia 's breath . something fall down the chimney and land in the hearth right next to she . a black top hat . Amelia go into a panic attack . she crawl back towards the door , but she movement be slow and torture . she can hear something huge and hideous travel up the wall behind she , then onto the ceiling overhead . a insect - like sound fill the room . Amelia can not bear to look up , lie on she stomach , freeze with terror . something drop down nearby . a black coat . Amelia start to hyperventilate . a terrible noise , flesh rip from flesh . something drop inch from she face . the rip off ' face 's of the babadook , nothing but a harden mask . Black sticky blood ooze from its edge , from the hole where the eye should be , the mouth open in a permanent scream . in spite of she terror , Amelia force herself to look up to the ceiling for a split second , in disbelief . a huge shadow fill half of the ceiling , a hideous shape with outstretch ' wing 's , like a enormous bat . Amelia immediately look away . she hold she breath , tensing up , belly to the ground , beyond terror . amelia ( over and over ) it be not real it be not real it be not real it be not real .. there be a unbearable screeching sound . Pov from high on the ceiling . something rush straight down towards Amelia 's back at lightning pace . Amelia 's eye in extreme close up . a huge bang , a terrible scraping , rip sound . her pupil ' bleed 's outward till the whole eye be completely black . 100 101 102 80 . int . black screen 100 the sound of a tv up as loud as it will go . a informercial . terrible , deafen , meaningless sound . int . amelia 's bedroom - night 101 Sam hide behind a lock door clutching bugsy . the tv be deafen even from upstairs . he 's terrify . he unlock and open the door a sliver but do not venture out . int . lounge room - night 102 the back of Amelia watch a informercial . something 's not right with she . she breathes very fast and heavy . her face be reveal . her eye have a dead stare , the pupil like pin prick . her limb be slightly distort , rigid . she look human , but there 's something about she that just - be n’t-right . she sit as if rest for a moment in she new skin , she casual stare at odd with she bizarre appearance . she change channel to ' Australia 's next top model . 's judge 1 ( 0.s. ) she 's a great girl , but she 's too fat . Amelia watch the program with a dead cool calm . judge 4 I agree unfortunately . model host what about Cindy ? judge 3 Cindy be great ! she can do soft , she can do bold , she can do sexy .. Amelia crick she neck , suddenly agitate . she stand and in a few jerky move be up on top of the old tv . judge 3 ( cont 'd ) I think she have a lot of extreme ... a stream of piss come from between Amelia 's leg . it run over the tv screen . Amelia 's face as she relieve herself . she open she mouth wide , click she jaw . she look terrible . 103 104 81 . int . upstair landing / lounge room / kitchen - night 103 - landing . Samuel open the door a sliver . bugsy jump from he arm and race down the stair . Sam be beside himself , try to call the dog back . - bugsy arrive in the loungeroom , bravely face he opponent . he bark ferociously . Amelia , still on top of the tv , regards the dog with casual indifference , she eye dead . she jump down to the floor , squaring off at bugsy . a moment of stillness . bugsy be spook and make a run for it . - Kitchen . Amelia chase bugsy . the poor thing do not have a chance as she grab it by the neck . he struggle , try to bite she . it 's awful . Amelia 's terrible face , the dead eye , fixate on the task . the sound of bugsy squealing in pain . bugsy 's little leg kick in spasm . a ghastly snap sound . the squealing stop dead , the leg go limp . Amelia look at the dog 's corpse , emotionless . her face suddenly scrunches up in pain , she look break . it 's she molar . she yell drop bugsy 's corpse on the floor . she reach into she mouth with she finger , grab hold in the back , wrench the tooth from side to side , groan horribly . she pull and tug , scream in pain . after a age it wrench free . she look at the bloody molar in morbid fascination , blood pool in she mouth . suddenly bored with it , she throw the tooth away . - Lounge . Amelia stalk into the room . she instinctively whip she head up and look straight at she son , he face peer over the bannister . he disappear , a door slam . Amelia 's jag limb move quickly , like a spider . she bolt straight up that stair to she son . int . amelia 's bedroom / outside amelia 's bedroom - night 104 - Samuel sit with he back against the lock door , key in hand . he hear Amelia 's footstep right outside . he freeze as she try the door . 82. amelia ( 0.s. ) ( slightly distort ) Samuel . he tense , sit up to listen . - Amelia on the other side . she clear she throat , try to ' normalize . 's the pupil in she eye contract slightly . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( more normal ) Samuel . let I in . ( no response . ) bugsy 's hurt . we need to go get help .. her voice sound normal but she face be terrifying . amelia ( cont 'd ) Samuel . do you want bugsy to die ?? Samuel silently disappear out of frame . back to Amelia on the other side . her mouth contort with rage , she eye devil 's eye . she pound on the door , grow violent . amelia ( cont 'd ) Samuel ! let-me-in ! ( no response ) I x11 huff and I 'il puff and I ’11l blow you fucking door in !! she grab the door frame with both hand , lift herself up and slam the door with both foot . then again , and again , over and over , till the door be kick off its hinge and fall to the floor . Amelia enter , look around . no sign of Samuel . this infuriate she . she move in a jerky , powerful way , as if she have rod in she limb . she look under the bed , behind the curtain . she hear a tiny noise , swivel around in time to see she son slide down from the top of the wardrobe . his little frame run towards the door . Amelia let out a screeching sound , just like the babadook . Samuel stop and turn to look , terrify . his mother glide straight towards he , a spectral sight . Samuel instantly wet he pants . amelia ( cont 'd ) you little pig . 6 year old and you be still wetting yourself . 105 83. he can not look at she , put he hand in he pocket . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( cruel ) you do not know how many time I have wish it be you not he that die . SAMUEL ( near tear ) I just want you to be happy . amelia ( mimick he ) I just want you to be happee ! you know , sometimes I just want to smash you head against the wall until you fuck brain pop out . Samuel back away from she , he fist clench . SAMUEL ( low ) you be not my mother . amelia what do you say ? look she bravely in the eye . that terrible eye . SAMUEL I say you be not my mother ! she bend down to Samuel , she face evil , horrifying . amelia ( shriek ) i-am - your-mother ! ! Samuel throw a firecracker on the floorboard , then another . they stun she long enough so he can escape . Amelia find fresh rage . she bolt out after he . int . upstair hallway / SAMUEL 's room - night 105 - Samuel pelt down the hallway . his mother tear after he , scream , she limb disjoint and ' break 's , move fast like a spider . - Sam 's room . Samuel 's hand shake as he put on he weapon . his eye be wide with terror . Amelia appear in the doorway , huge and terrifying . she look at he with a cruel fascination . SAMUEL get away !! 106 107 84 . she laugh a hideous laugh , close in on the boy . he launch the cricket ball , it hit she in the face . she bend over , cover she face with she hand , groan . Samuel look at he mum , very worried . Amelia stand up , take she hand from she face . she laugh , mock he . she 's not hurt at all . Samuel fire he nail gun off in desperation , two large rusty nail land in he mother 's shoulder . she yell out in pain . this time she 's not pretend . Samuel make a quick getaway . int . hallway - night 106 Amelia come out raging . she pull the nail out of she shoulder , look downstairs , then up to the top room , which way do he go ? Samuel be behind she , hide in front of a cabinet in the hall . all she have to do be turn around and he 's dead . he stare at he mother 's back , hold he breath . there be a loud knock on the front door . Amelia pause . then she 's down that stair , hardly touch the ground . int . lounge room / front door / kitchen - night 107 Amelia lurch towards the front door , she face look casually insane , and wholly evil . a silent , swift blur of movement can be see in the background . it 's Samuel escape to the kitchen . - Amelia 's derange profile look through the peep hole . Amelia 's Pov . Mrs roach be wait outside . Amelia 's finger clutch the doorknob . she 's ready to rip that door off it 's hinge . - Samuel be horrify to see bugsy 's remain on the floor in the kitchen . he try the back door . it 's lock . - through the peephole : Mrs roach wait patiently in she dress gown , shaky on she foot . she hesitates to knock again . her kindly face look worried . 108 109 85 . something change in Amelia . her terrible expression soften . she lower she head , she breathe slow down . int / ext . - night - hallway / front porch 108 the door open , Amelia stand behind the lock security grille . her face be half in the shadow . mrs roach sorry love , I know it 's late . I just want to make sure you be ok ... amelia ( clear she throat ) I be ok . mrs roach I know this time of year be terribly hard for you . and I know you do not want I to go on about it , so I will not .. Amelia 's face behind the screen . she start to normalize with Mrs roach 's word , she eye full of pain . mrs roach ( cont ’d ) I just want you to know I have do anything for you and Sam . I love you both . you can always talk to I love . always . Amelia 's face soften and sadden with every word . her eye glint in the shadow , tear form . int . kitchen - night 109 Samuel have just close a kitchen drawer . amelia ( 0.s. ) ( normal voice ) Samuel . Sam jump . he turn sharply to see he mother at the other end of the kitchen . she look completely normal . Samuel watch she , catch between love and terror . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( genuine ) I be sorry . I say some terrible thing . but I do not mean any of they ... she take a step further into the kitchen . Samuel tense . amelia ( cont 'd ) I understand you be scared . Samuel watch she , very wary , but draw in by she . 86 . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( remorseful ) I have not be good since you dad die . I have not be good at all .. I be sick Sam , I need help . Samuel 's face soften . he listen intently . amelia ( cont 'd ) I just speak to Mrs roach . we be go to stay there for the night . Amelia come closer . she kneel in front of she son . her face be soft and terribly sad . amelia ( cont 'd ) do you want to do that ? Amelia put one hand gently on he shoulder . Samuel nod . Amelia 's hand behind she back be twisted and clench . amelia ( cont 'd ) I want to make it up to you Sam . I want you to meet you dad . she slip she other hand around the back of he neck , soothing he with she touch . he tense . amelia ( cont 'd ) it 's beautiful . you will be happy there .. Samuel can see he mother 's pupil do not look normal . without warning , he quickly raise a carve knife behind he back and sink it deep into he mother 's leg . she look to he , then to the knife , absolutely stunne . SAMUEL sorry mummy . he 's out of there . Amelia stumble onto she arse , look in shock at the big knife stick out of she thigh . she revert to something much more primitive than before . her face distort , a picture of madness . she rip the knife out in one go , yell as she do it . Samuel race to the basement door . he take a look back . Amelia let out a blood curdle sound as she rise . Samuel disappear into the basement . 87. int . basement - night 110 Amelia pause at the top of the stair , then descend at full speed , scream like a banshee . a little hand pull a rope , a trip wire form . Amelia 's foot connect with it . she tumble forward , hit she head on the ceiling beam , hard . she stumble around , concuss . the room spin before she , she see a brief glimpse of Samuel watch in horror , then the ceiling , the floor , out of control . it look terrible as she swerve and stumble . Sam have a baseball bat in both hand . he run to Amelia and strike she as hard as he can in the of the knee . she buckle and hit she head first on the wall , then hard on the concrete floor . the blow knock she out . int . basement - later 111 Black screen . the sound of very fast , shallow breathe . the ceiling come into focus , one dingy light overhead . Amelia in profile breathe super fast . her pupil be now large and black as coal . she try to lift herself up but despite she considerable power , she can not . she look down . every part of she , neck to toe , be tie and bound with rope , belt , anything Samuel could get he hand on . she look like Gulliver in lilliput . she make a terrible shriek sound , struggle to free herself . Samuel slink out of the shadow with he magician 's cape on , hold the baseball bat , tremble with fear . SAMUEL mum ... Amelia see he . she snarl , threaten he . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) I be not leave you ... Amelia groan horribly , try to free herself . Samuel come in a touch closer . the monstrous Amelia look at he , as if try to register who it be . Samuel inch in closer , Amelia stop struggle . 88. he pull out the bunch of paper flower . she stare at they , become more herself , calming . Sam lean in . Amelia suddenly yell even louder than before . Samuel run to the far corner of the basement , scared stiff . she laugh at he terror , a monstrous , agonize laugh . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) we say we have protect each other ... some of she tie have come undone . a few of the other be start to come loose . Samuel do not notice as he sneak back towards she , try he hardest to be brave . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) I know you do not love I . the babadook will not let you . but I love you mummy , ever since I be bear and I always will ... the word get in somehow . Amelia 's face screw up in pain , fight this thing that have take she over . another tie work itself loose , she wriggle and move . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) my dad die because he die . not because of I .. it 's not my fault . Amelia 's face contort , affect by he word . she gasp for breath , try to come out of it . a black tear well up in the corner of she eye . she start to shake . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) ( desperate ) you let it in , you have to get it out ! the tear roll down she face . a black substance seep from one nostril . she look terrible , shaking , try to come back from the brink . Samuel start to cry at the sight , suddenly lose all he strength . the baseball bat go limp in he arm . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) ( bawling ) I do not want you to go away ... Amelia 's arm suddenly come free . Amelia rip the bat out of Sam 's hand and throw it across the room . he try to get away . but before he can escape she 's grab he . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) no !... no , no !! mummy ! 89 . her other hand come free . Samuel try to punch and kick she , she tighten the grip on the back of he neck . she take both hand and place they round Samuel 's neck . she struggle with what she be about to do but lose out . slowly but surely , she choke he . his little hand pull at she hand around he neck . but she 's too strong . Sam 's face turn red , he can not breathe . a look of terrible recognition pass across Amelia 's monstrous face as she realize what she 's do , but still she can not stop . she cry out , try to summon up strength from the depth . it do not come . Samuel eye bulge . he take both hand and with great effort place they on he mother 's cheek . he stroke he mother 's face , full of love , try to get she to stop . it 's heart wrenching . something snap in Amelia . her body shake violently . Black tear roll down she face . she throw Samuel away from she , scream out as she send he slide halfway across the room . Amelia get up on all four , shaking she head from side to side . the movement become so quick , so surreal , that she head become a violent , scream blur . Samuel call out to he mother , desperate and frighten . after a time , Amelia 's head movement slow down . then finally , they stop . a long pause . Amelia suddenly and forcefully vomit up a black substance . it hit the floor urgently . Samuel watch on , speechless . it 's horrible , disturbing . just as soon as it start , it stop . Amelia fall face forward and lie dead still , she eye open and stare . Samuel run to she . desperate , he grab she shirt , pull she up , she head fall back . he hit she hard on the chest , as hard as he possibly can , over and over . Amelia inhale like a drown person come up for air . she let out a cry , a human cry this time , full of pain . Samuel wipe she face and kiss she cheek , grateful she 's alive . Amelia look around completely disorient . 112 113 90 . int . lounge room - night 112 Amelia limp through the basement door hold she son 's hand , slowly come out of she trance like state . they stand there shell shocked . the house be silent . a low rumbling start up . Samuel look all around he , then to he mum . she look at he , unnerve . SAMUEL ' if it 's in a word , or it 's in a look , you can not get rid of the babadook . 's without warning Samuel 's body be suddenly rip from she arm . a unseen force drag he up the stair , he body bounce as he holler for he life . Amelia scream as she watch he disappear out of sight . int . stairwell / amelia 's room - night 113 - Amelia race up the stair as fast as she can . - she arrive at the door . Sam be stand by she bed , he arm rigid . he be pick up and flung against the wall . a sicken thud , he look like a break doll . Amelia scream . she race to Sam , grab hold of he arm . they be rip out of she grasp . Sam hit the wall again and again . it 's brutal , he start to lose consciousness . Amelia grab Sam 's leg , then lock she arm round he waist . she use all she strength to push he onto the bed , cover he with she body , grip the edge so she do not fly up against the wall herself . the bed start to shake violently . a rumbling sound throughout the room . Amelia stare off into the shadow , acknowledge this thing as real for the very first time . amelia ( desperate ) what do you want ! the bed lift up then slam down violently with they on it . Amelia hold on tighter , Samuel cling to she . amelia ( cont 'd ) tell I what you want !! the bed drop to the floor . the sound stop , replace by a eerie calm . Sam hide he face in the mattress . gl . the door creak open . a figure step into the light , Amelia stand up on the bed to see who it be . Sam grab she waist , hide he face in she skirt . it 's oskar . a look of dread pass over Amelia 's face . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( shake she head ) no ... oskar keep breathe ... a very faint rumble start up again . Amelia can not take she eye from she husband , she panic become visible . oskar ( cont 'd ) put you seat back sweetheart . ten more minute and we be there . amelia no ... Amelia shake , tear form . the rumbling intensify . oskar I think it 's go to rain . oskar be oblivious to the noise building around he . amelia stop !! truck tyre skid , brake screech , horn blaring . a hot , white light shine in oskar 's face , blind he . the screeching sound become deafen . Amelia watch as the top half of she husband 's head be severe , from the ear on one side to the jaw on the other . his corpse quickly drop to the floor . Amelia stare at it , she body shake uncontrollably , tear run down she face . she cry out as if she 's be murder , a unimaginable grief . a sound start up , taunting she . ' babababababa dook - dook - dook . ' Amelia watch the corpse suddenly pull back , swallow up by the shadow as if it be never there . she search the dark but can only see a formless shape lurking there . her grief and pain transform into anger . she spit the word out , tremble , hardly able to breathe . 92 . amelia ( cont 'd ) you ....are .... nothing . the hideous growl grow more threaten with she word . her energy rise visibly . a pure , white hot rage . amelia ( cont 'd ( cont 'd ) you're nothing ! the hideous shadow grow larger , rise up to the ceiling , terrorize she . the floor and wall shake . amelia ( cont 'd ) this be my house ! you be trespasp in my house ! its growl turn to a deafen roar as the shadow touch the ceiling , a huge mass of black terror . Amelia fight a sicken , gut wrenching fear as she finally face up to this thing . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( not turn away ) if you touch my son again , I will fuck kill you ! bit of the ceiling fall to the floor . the wall crack . Sam 's body be flip up and pull violently towards the shadow . he yell . Amelia grab he by the hand and yank he to she , there 's no way she 's let go this time . Sam wrap around she waist , she hold he tight . the sound of the babadook be deafen . its presence take over the room . Amelia jump up on the bed end , she son in she arm , and let out a scream so strong , so pierce , it smashes every window in the room . she look utterly fierce . a mother enraged , protect she son . her scream die away , but she eye be full of life . she search the darkness . the huge shadow shrink down from the ceiling , its growl reduce to a hideous moan . the shadow be slowly and completely lose to the darkness . the noise of the babadook stop altogether . Amelia stand tall on the bed end , search the shadow , hold she breath . a unbearable silence . 114 93. the outward figure of the babadook , just like the one in the picture book only life size , roll in to the edge of the shadow . it look absurd , creepy , its black arm stretch out like a scarecrow . Amelia hold she breath , wait for something to happen . the ' figure 's suddenly drop to the ground like a sack . Amelia start . it collapse into a shapeless mound of hat and coat with nothing underneath . Amelia slide down to the floor , stare at it , dumbfounded . Sam jump on the mattress , face down . a moan sound start up under the coat . hellish , but somehow sad . Amelia inch in to look , she face soften . SAMUEL ( look up , scared ) mum , do not ... Amelia come in really close now , reach out to touch the coat , check if it 's real . the babadook Pov . it rise from under the coat up to the ceiling , tower over Amelia , then screech right down to she face . we do not see it but she do . it blow the skin back on she face , she eye widen , she mouth be force open in a grimace . just like mask of the babadook . and as quick as it appear , that thing be out of there . - the babadook 's Pov fly out the door , Amelia and Sam be leave behind . int . lounge room - night 114 by the time Amelia make it downstairs , the babadook have disappear into the basement , door slamm . she run over to it , lock the door , take the key . Amelia turn . Sam stand opposite she . he cry , then howl , completely overwhelm , he body shaking . Amelia race to he , scoops he up . Samuel cling to she for dear life . she stroke he head , kiss he face , hold he as tight as she can . she take he to the couch , cradle he in she arm and soothes he with she word . full of a mother 's love . they stay there like that for a long time together . 94 . int . mrs roach front yard - day 115 Sam look through a window . he have he best clothes on , look adorable . he see something , he face light up . the front door open . Sam guide Mrs roach down the step , then let go of she hand and run to mum . Amelia scoops Sam up in she arm . she look different . stronger . her eye more relaxed and alive . mrs roach watch you mum 's leg little one . amelia he 's fine . I have have the stitches out . mrs roach you will have to be more careful around the home . it can be a death trap . amelia ( not a touch of irony ) I know . mrs roach what time 's the party ? amelia anytime after 3 be fine . just go to have a bit of real food first , before the sugar onslaught start . Samuel snuggle into she . she hug he back . mrs roach see you in a few hour then . Mrs roach give they a sweet nana wave . they wave back . int . lounge room - day 116 the lounge room be still run down , but tidy and clean . there be homemade birthday decoration strung up . Amelia and Samuel sit on the couch , side by side . the couple from Social service sit opposite , cup of tea in hand . Amelia be much more ground in they presence . prue that school 's a good choice . 95 . amelia I have do a lot of read about it so .. I think Sam 'il be happy there . warren ( stiff ) he 's be away from school over two week now . time to get back into it . amelia ( strong ) we need time to sort thing out . Samuel nestle into he mum . prue smile tightly . prue be you have a party ? amelia it 's Sam 's birthday today . we be have a small thing , just a few friend . SAMUEL the first birthday I have ever celebrate . the visitor look a little shocked . amelia that 's not true ! SAMUEL yes it be mum . ( to the visitor ) my first party on the day . prue ( point ) that 's unusual . Amelia can see the judgement in the woman 's eye . she decide not to let it go . amelia ( not a trace of self pity ) my husband die the day that Sam be bear . the doc couple do not know how to respond . SAMUEL he get kill drive mum to the hospital to have I . Amelia do not rush in to rescue they . the woman mouth the word ' oh 's . the man be completely out of he depth , just stare blankly at they . 96 . amelia Sam 's just like he dad be , always speak he mind . Sam be snuggle right in to he mum , protect . welfare woman ( to Samuel , ignore what just happen ) birthday party be always fun , especially when they be yours . SAMUEL my cousin be go to come but she 's scared of I because I knock she front tooth out . Amelia look to doc , a half smile play on she lip . she look beautiful . prue look awkward , she cup slip on the saucer . amelia ( get up ) I 'il take that for you . ext . garden - day 117 a cross section of soil . bugsy 's corpse bury there . the flesh begin to rot . worm and bug crawl through it . travel up to the root of a plant burst out of the earth . a rise bush . Amelia 's tend to the soil around it . she admire a single black rise in full bloom . Samuel be nearby , opposite the fence . there 's a target paint on it . he have two home make ' nail gun 's on either leg . he aim then fire they off in quick succession . Amelia look up . the nail hit they mark . amelia good shot ! Samuel look pleased . he run over to she . SAMUEL I be protect you mum . amelia ( genuine ) you be do such a good job . he run back to he target , full of bean , fire up again . 97 . Amelia pick up another worm and add it to a bowl full of they . she take off she glove and get up . int . basement door - day 118 Amelia be at the door which now have many bolt on it . she undoe they all as Samuel watch . she go over to where she 's put down the bowl of sludge and worm , pick it up . Sam keep one eye on she as he tentatively sneak one foot into the basement . she turn around and see he . amelia ( fierce , protective ) uh uh uh ! no ! he stop in he track . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( move to he ) it 's not a game , Sam . Amelia crouch down to Sam 's level , patient and loving . amelia ( cont 'd ) one day , when you be a bit bigger . you keep work on you weapon ... Samuel silently accept what she 's offer . for now . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( firm ) go right out into the yard and stay there till I call you , alright ? he nod and run outside . int . basement - day 119 Amelia descend the stair . it 's dark and hard to see . a very faint rumbling start up . the room be clearer than before . oskar 's thing be still there , but now very neatly stack in one corner . Amelia place the bowl of slop in the centre of the room . she step back and wait , peer into the darkness . she 's frighten , but do she best to conceal it . the rumbling increase . she can see a familiar shadow in the corner , move ever so slightly . a low insect like noise . she brace herself , peer in to try and see it . a sound behind she . the back of Amelia 's head as she turn around , she eye widen . 120 98. Amelia be knock off balance then twisted and bent backwards . her arm grab at the air to try and right herself . she grunt and groan , she face be force to one side . the sound around she be horrible , threaten . Amelia see from above . she be bent right back as she force she head to look up . she let out a low guttural warning sound , then a shout , full of power .. her back release slightly , she be able to right herself , stand eye to eye with something we do not see . her face be tense , she pupil dilate . she look afraid but something else be there now . something soft and sad . amelia ( tenderly , through the fear ) ssh .. ssh ... it 's alright , it 's alright .. ssh ..... she stay there awhile . her breathe be labour , she pupil now huge and black . a torture moan off screen . she continue to soothe and reassure it , undeterred . time stretch . a moment of peace . Amelia 's eye return to normal . the Pov fall away from she , drop to the floor . Amelia stand over it . the bowl of slop there on the floor untouched . nothing else can be see in the room . in one quick move the bowl be suck into the darkness . Amelia walk backwards to the stair . she turn and climb they as quick as she can without run . ext . garden - day 120 Amelia carry a tray fill with sandwich . she set it down in front of Samuel . he have he magician 's outfit on . SAMUEL how be the babadook ? amelia pretty quiet today . Amelia reach up and undoe he top collar , inspect the bruise on he neck . she can not hide she shame . SAMUEL ( gently ) it 's much better mummy .. she bring she hand up to stroke he cheek , look at he with love . she put a sandwich on Sam 's plate . 99 . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) wait ! I have get a new trick .. he run to get a silver dome off the ground , race back and plonk it on the table . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) life be not always as it seem ! ( waving he hand ) nothing in my hand , nothing in my hand . he make something appear in he palm , it 's a coin . amelia ( impress ) very good ! SAMUEL wait ! I have not finish ... Amelia watch on , intrigue . Samuel place the dome over the coin . he grab a spoon and tap it on the top for special effect . he whip the lid off and underneath be a bird . a real , live bird . Amelia laugh with surprise . amelia ( shock ) how do you do that ! the bird flap around on the table . Samuel do a impromptu jig around he mum , very pleased with himself . she laugh , enjoy he dance . she try to grab hold of he arm . he wriggle free , happy , laugh . amelia ( cont 'd ) come here ... Amelia finally catch he arm , draw he to she . she hug he and put he on she lap . he stop wriggle around and settles in , relishing he mother 's love . a quiet beautiful moment , neither of they say a thing . Amelia rub she son 's back , he snuggle into she . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( quietly , after more than a moment ) happy birthday sweetheart . Sam break into a smile . he close he eye and lean into he mother , he face beam . the end