ext . garden of olive . night . loud whiz of night insect . moonlight be reflect on silver leave in the olive grove . a thin cloud drift over the face of the moon . a deep voice , somewhere in the olive garden murmur low , undecipherable word . we search for the source of the voice , and approach the mouth of a hide grotto . the nearer we get , the louder the buzz of insect . jost inside the grotto , the outline of a large man ( jesus of nazareth ) be visible , kneel against rock , his head rest on his right forearm . a night predator 's screech outside interrupt his prayer . his arm drop from he forehead , he stand and step out of the cave , into the moonlight . the hiss of insect intensify to a new pitch of hysteria . jesus be a tall , strongly build man . there be vigorous authority in his feature , even though his face be drenched with perspiration . he step away from the mouth of the cave and up toward a large tree under which three figure lie sleep . a owl perch one of its branch see jesus approach , take silent flight . as it rise , we pull back . the wall of jerusalem be reveal , in the distance . between they and the Garden , torchlight . we move in . CUT to : ext . cedron stream , road outside jerusalem wall . night . a group of soldier have stop by a stream ( cedron ) . Three of the man hold torch while two other struggle to lift a old fallen tree - trunk from where it have be place , across the torrent . the soldier hold the torch scan the area , wary and watchful . the wall of jerusalem be visible , half a mile away . the two man finally dislodge the log , lift it with some difficulty onto they shoulder . CUT to : et ext . garden of olive . night . jesus step up to the sleep figure and stop . as soon as he stop , so do the buzz of insect . Ring of silence jesus Peter . the three man abruptly wake , scramble to they foot . jesus ( cont have ) could you not watch with I a while ? they dark cloak fall away and they face be reveal : peter , bearded and gruff , with clear eye on a mobile face ; jame , thoughtful , more private ; JOHN , young , whose passionate faith in jesus be boundless and palpable . the three man stare at the sweat - soaked face of jesus . peter master , what have happen to you ? jorn ( whisper ) should T call the other , Lord ? jesus start to tremble . the three apostle start to reach out , but he shake his head . jesus no , John , they should not see I under this cloud . peter master ... be you in danger ? should we take flight ? jesus stay here , Peter . keep watch , pray . he turn away from the three baffle apostle and step back down toward the grotto below . JOHN ( whisper ) what be happen to him ? peter he be afraid . he speak of danger , even as we eat supper . of betrayal and ... ( continued ) continued : the high - piched sizzle of insect interrupt Peter ~ they have begin they hiss with the same suddenness with which they stop . the three man look down at the silhouette of jesus approach the mouth of the grotto . ext . grotto . garden of olive . night . jesus stop in front of the cave , stare at the shadow of a dead tree -trunk , then lift his eye to the sky . a cloud slide over the moon , kill she light . jesus turn again to the tree stump , which , in the sudden darkness , cast a pale un- shadow onto the ground , a inversion of a shadow , which slither into the grotto . the hiss of the insect have reach a madden pitch . jesus step inside the dark cave , CUT to : int . chamber in the temple . jerusalem . night . the screech and groan of metal against wood . a heavy door be close . the rich chamber be light by wall torch . here and there the brilliance of gold be reflect . a intelligent face , eye bright with anticipation ( juda ) look over he shoulder as a temple guard officer ( malchus ) close the door , turn to face the room . a half - dozen men in opulent robe stand in the center of the chamber , at self - conscious distance from juda , the man in the richest robe ( caiphas ) address malchus , who have already reach into a satchel inside he shirt . caiphas thirty , malchus , . caiphas turn slowly to look at juda as he speak . juda be focus exclusively on malchus . caiphas ( cont 's d) that be what we settle on , , .. thirty , be it not , juda ? juda nod as time slow down . ( continued ) continued : malchus pull a string of silver coin from the satchel and toss it at juda . the throw be not well aim , and juda be force to back away and spin toward the high priest and they accolite , whose expression of contempt flash before he eye as he leap up and snatch the string of coin out of the air . caiphas laugh . juda look down at the silver in he hand . time slow down further as juda turn to malchus , who have be - open the door . a handful of soldier stand outside , expectantly . Inside , laughter have break out among the high priest . CUT to : ext . grotto . garden of olive . night . a loud , agonized groan . startle , peter scramble to he foot once again . JOHN and jame also sit up , tense . Quick exchange of look . moonlight flood the Garden of olive . the hiss of insect have recede and be replace with other noise , less easily identifiable , come from the grotto area . a cry of pain , follow by cackle and guffaw . JOHN start to step down toward the grotto but peter grab he arm , stop he . peter no , you stay here , both of you . I will join he ... you stay and keep watch . peter step quickly down toward the grotto entrance but stop when he hear pandemonic noise come from inside . a odd light illuminate the underbrush hide the cave entrance and the violent sound inside the cave increase . peter look back . jame and JOHN stand under the tree and peer back at he . peter face the grotto again . CUT to : ( continued ) continued : int . grotto . garden of olive . night . jesus 's face be now cover with blood as well as sweat . he kneel in the center of the cave , face a large shapeless form , so dark that , by contrast , the darkness around it be make visible , part of the form stretch out , then quickly withdraw as they get too close to jesus . a cacophony of airless grunt and howl fill the air in the grotto . then silence , a light , musical voice , rich with the dissonance of malice : satan do you really believe that one man may bear the penalty for ... all sin ? jesus hear I , Father . be my defence , keep I safe from trap that be set for I . shelter I , Lord , I place myself in you care , I place my trust in you . as jesus pray , the dark form lift off the ground and raise a portion of itself higher still . within it , as if a fetid curtain have be lift , the flash - image of a teeming multitude of men and women appear , dissolves within itself and reemerges again . from the hellish image a snake emerge , slither to the ground and toward jesus . peter stumble into the darkness and call out : peter master , what be it ? speak to I , say something ... I can not see where to look for you . peter 's eye adjust . he see jesus , on his knee , his entire body rigid with concentration , peter scramble toward him , then stop . a sudden wash of moonlight flood the cave revealing jesus 's face to he . peter ( cont have ) you be bleed , Lord ! what be happen ...? jesus remain motionless on his knee . he seem completely unaware of prter . peter start to move to reach for jesus but stop as he become aware of the snake . the reptile slide over peter 's hand and hiss . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) peter look for jesus , but now see only darkness . he back out of the cave on all four , gasp for breath . jesus have not move . satan no man can pay the price , I tell you . it be too high . no man can offer what be owed . ever. ( beat ) never . jesus do not respond . the cacophony from within the darkness start again , and increase in volume . cot to : ext . street of jerusalem . night . the street of Jerusalem near the temple building . malchus , juda and a dozen soldier carry torch emerge from the temple and quickly make they way down narrow cobble street . Men , woman and child be still out and about , sporadically highlight by the torch . juda seem surprised by the speed and urgency with which the soldier be move . he hold the string of silver coin in he hand . the group arrive at one of the CITY gate of jerusalem and come to a stop . malchus signal guard to open the gate , then turn to juda who be look down at the string of silver coin in he hand . sense the eye of malchus on he juda look up . malchus where ? juda ( point ) gethsemani . malchus 's eye meet that of a second officer , who nudge juda forward . the party move out . ext . garden of olive . night . inside the grotto , the unnatural groan and howl contain within the dark form seem to multiply . the face of jesus be soaking with sweat and blood , a mask of internal conflict . he kneel , and sit back on his heel , clutch fist rest on the ground beside him . ( continued ) continued : jesus Father , all thing be possible to you . if it be possible , let this chalice pass from I . but only if it be you will . May you will be do . the cry and groan come from the dark form in front of him subside . the snake slowly slide up to where jesus be kneel , and stop directly in front of him . satan ( low , edge of hesitancy ) who be you ? jesus slowly stand up , he do not dignify the question with a answer , nor even look to the reptile at his foot . he lift his foot and bring it down with force on the snake 's head . the noise of it expunge all other sound . jesus step out of the grotto into moonlight . he lift his torment eye to the moon , a breeze . then silence . a deep silence , like a weight . jesus lower his eye , scan the road below the garden . his eye stop . ext . road to gethsemanl . night . torch . soldier . then the two men carrying the log they lift from across the cedron torrent . the group stop . more torch as malchus and juda 's gang do not stop , but the soldier greet / insult each other with familiarity . malchus and a second officer step in , order silence and separate the two group , shove they man forward . as the two party separate , malchus take juda by the arm malchus do the nazarene have man with he ? juda laugh . juda Men ? you mean soldier ? no . he have a few fisherman , CUT to : ext . garden of olive . night . jesus walk up to where peter , jame and JOHN have once more Sat back against the tree and be again asleep . he look down on they with affection , then lean forward and shake each of they lightly . jesus wake up , friend . now be not the time for sleep , but for prayer . he point downward , to the road just below the garden of olive . the apostle rise to they foot . sleepy , frighten , they peer down at where he 's point . Pov : torch move along the road , slowly , searchingly . the men be unrecognizable , but not they uniform . jesus ( cont have ) the man who will betray I be draw near . peter reach under he cloak , where a sword be reveal , in its scabbard . jesus rest a hand on peter 's shoulder and shake his head . ext , path in gethsemani . night . malchus at the head of he temple guard . juda march beside he , unhappily . suddenly malchus raise he hand and stop . the rest follow suit . still in the garden , just off the path , jesus emerge out of the darkness . peter , jame , JOHN be by his side . they step out onto the path . jesus motion his apostle to stop . he then step forward . juda take a step back , then a second . he be turn to run when malchus 's hand grab he and yank he back . jesus who be you look for ? malchus still hold juda by the scruff of the neck . he glance at juda , he jaw set hard , then face jesus . malchus we be look for jesus of Nazareth . as he speak , malchus glance back at he man , nodd curtly to he second officer , the soldier hold torch shift this to they left hand , ( continued ) continued : jesus turn his eye to juda . jesus I be he . the second officer signal he man , who tighten they ring around jesus and the three apostle . it be a tense , uneasy gather . face flicker in torchlight and reflect the man 's uncertainty . malchus turn to juda , whose eye have never leave jesus 's peter , jame and JOHN look at juda in silent outrage . peter take a step but two of the soldier grab onto he arm . peter struggle with ferocity , break loose , lose he balance and fall to the ground . juda glance at malchus , then step forward . as he reach jesus , he nervously open he arm : juda hail , rabbi . he lurch forward and awkwardly wrap he arm around jesus , kiss him on the cheek . he then stumble back , feverishly wiping at he lip as if they have be burn . jesus 's eye never leave that of juda . jesus juda ... you would betray the Son of man with a kiss ? time slow down . malchus wave he man forward , point at jesus . the soldier grab hold of jame and JOHN . this time it be JOHN who struggle with fury against the strong hold of the soldier . they try to hold he , but he hit hard . they can only hold he clothes . he tug and pull so violently that he wiggle right out of they and dash off into the night , wear only a loin cloth . peter , who have watch juda 's act of betrayal from where he fall now watch the soldier burst into action . ignore by all , juda back away from the scene . he be guickly engulf in darkness , still wiping he lip . ( continued ) 10 , continued : ( 2 ) flash : ext . orchard outside wall of jerusalem . night . the pale figure of JOHN run toward the city wall , zig - zagging between the fruit tree , he face slapping against the occasional low branch . CUT to : ext . path in gethsemani . night . peter reach for he sword as he scramble to get back to he foot . knocked back and buffete by the momentum of the surge , he can not see what be happen . pull he sword from its scabbard , eye reddene by anger , he catch sight of malchus step in to arrest jesus . the sword descend with deadly energy . jesus , whose hand suddenly become free , push malchus away from the full force of impact , but the sharp weapon still catch malchus on the side of the head , cleanly severing off he ear , which fly through the torchlit AIR . the ear land in the dust in front of jesus . malchus fall to the ground , howling with pain . peter have stop as he eye meet that of jesus . the soldier around they have completely lose they composure , they tighten they grip on jame , bring he to he knee and hold he arm behind he back . shout , clang of metal weapon , confusion in the melee . jesus be the only one who have retain his calm . afraid of peter , the arrest soldier have not take hold of him . he step forward , place one hand on peter 's shoulder and take the sword from he . he lets drop the weapon which fall to the dust , next to the bloody ear , only malchus 's cry of pain now fill the AIR . jesus reach down , pick up the blood - soaked ear , yank malchus to he foot , he face cover with blood , he hand hold over the wound , very matter - of~factly , jesus then take malchus 's hand away from the wound and slap the ear back in its place . the ear stay where it belong . the blood be no longer blood , only dust . malchus touch he ear , look at he hand and stop scream . his eye meet that of jesus . ( continued ) bn will . continued : silence , flash : ext . street of jerusalem . night . the nearly naked figure of JOHN run swiftly along narrow , cobble street , barely illuminate by the occasional torch . his breathing be now fast , tired . a contingent of roman soldier . JOHN stop , duck into a even smaller alley , stop breathe as the man walk past , laugh . he wait , shaking with the effort ef hold he breath . he peer around the corner of the street . empty . his breath explode . he take off again . CUT to : ext . path in gethsemani . night . time have resume its rhythm . the soldier , reacting to the bark of the second officer , now seize jesus , quickly tie his hand behind his back and wrap chain and strong rope around his waist . malchus be freeze in place , he hand rest on he ear , he eye glue to that of jesus . jesus ( cont ! d) you have come to arrest I with chain and rope , as if I be a common thief . yet I sit with you in the Temple , and you do not lay hand upon I . the second officer , eyeing malchus with contempt , now step up to jesus . second officer be you a wizard , galilean ? truly ? if so , you can break rope and chain ... one of the soldier wrapping the chain around the waist of jesus laugh . soldier break this ? no chance , I tell you ! the soldier swing the loose end of the chain . it hit jesus squarely on the side of his face ! CUT to : 12. int . house in jerusalem . night . mary ( Holy mother of jesus ) open she eye wide . she sit up in the small bed , a expression of anguish spread over she strong feature . she reach up , touch she cheek then look down at she hand . the room be quiet , dimly light by oil - lamp . the faint sound of sleep - breathe . a woman ( magdalen ) lie on a cot near mary 's bed . she seem to be asleep . at the foot of she cot , two more women , they face cover by veil , lie fast asleep . mary swing she foot to the floor , stand up , step toward magdalen 's cot , stop , become motionless . she turn to the door and tilt she head , as if listen . magdalen 's eye open . she be a beautiful woman with a remarkable mane of thick hair . magdalen ( softly ) what , Mary ? what be it ? mary be startle by the whisper . she look at magadlen , distract , put she finger to she lip then point to the door . mary shhh. listen . he be come ... here . magdalen stretch she neck around to also look . she frown , kick away the blanket cover she . mary reach for the door when it be flung OPEN . JOHN stumble to the floor as he avoid crash into she . magdalen scream . JOHN 's chest be heaving with breathless exhaustion , he face be cover with cut and dirt , he eye be red with tear . suddenly conscious of he near - nakedness , he lower he head in shame and despair . JOHN they have seize he , Mary ... tie he in rope and chain . they be beat he , insulting he , drag he into the city like a common thief ... mary 's reaction be to become absolutely still . her eye never leave JOHN 's , but clearly they no longer see he . ( continued ) 13 . continued : ext . road to gethsemant . night . the face be twisted into a mask of enthusiastic hatred . it belong to one of the soldier hold one of the rope tie to jesus 's waist , the man be walk backward , he nose not more than ten inch away from that of jesus common soldier Son of a menstruate mother . bastard son , not by she husband , am I right ? jesus try to look at the man , but be be purposefully yank , push and pull every which way by the other man hold rope and chain . the side of his face where the chain -link land be swollen and blue . guffaw and leer among the torchlit soldier , we pull back along the road to where the arrest be make . peter and jame be suddenly illuminate by moonlight . they Pov : the torchlit band , move toward the wall of Jerusalem . peter and jame become aware of malchus , stand still . peter glance at jame , reach for he sword . malchus watch peter pick up the sword , take a step back . peter shake he head , slide the weapon back in its scabbard . peter I will not harm you . ( turn to James ) go , tell the other what have happen . take this man with you . he will bear witness ... ( at malchus ) will you not ? malchus nod . jame what will you do , Peter ? peter ( cont have ) I / 1l stay near to him and ... get word to you when I can . jame start to turn away . peter grab he arm . peter ( cont have ) be watchful . be careful . we be all in danger now , God be with you . jame and malchus head off into the darkness . peter watch they go , then run after the torch . CUT to : oe 14 , ext . house in jerusalem . night . JOHN emerge from the dark doorway , scan the street . mary step out directly behind he , lean on he arm . they be follow by magdalen . magdalen but who , John ? and how could ...? jobn ( interrupt she ) the pharisees , magdalen . caiphas and the High Priests . how ? they buy juda ... and juda betrayed he . he come to olivet with Temple Guards . mary cover she head with a veil , turn to the other two mary the temple , John . we should be where they will bring he ... to the temple , she let go of JOHN 's arm and head up the street . ext . road from gethsemani . night . the torchlit band of Temple Guard soldier approach a low bridge across a wide stream , drag jesus along by the rope and chain . peter , in the darkness not far behind they , watch , he eye reflect in the torchlight - watery , angry , afraid . jesus struggle merely to stay on he foot . he have lose his sandal along the road , and his foot have start to bleed . one of the guard see this and produce a thin reed with which he whip jesus 's foot . whipping guard what be he name ? not Joseph ... no , I be talk about you real father . oh yes , pandera , .. that 's it , second officer pandera ? you mean the great seducer , ( look at jesus scornfully ) no wonder he consort with trash and prostitute another temple guard ah , well , bastard be all clever , be not you ? clever , degenerate filth ! ( continued ) ae 45 . continued ; each accompany he insult with a heavy blow . the last with a mouthful of spit . the group have reach the middle of the low bridge . though the hand of jesus have come loose , the rope and chain which bind him make it nearly impossible for him to move , this obvious vulnerability inspire the brutality of his captor . the shadow of this be reflect in the water of the stream below the low bridge . in the shadow under the bridge a pair of luminous eye watch the reflection of the violent beat . juda , still wiping and paw at he now bloody lip . the beat of jesus reach such a fevere pitch that he be literally picked up and bodily tossed over the side . under the bridge , juda watch jesus fall into the shallow water on all four , first on he knee then he hand , entangle in a disorder of hemp and chain . juda withdraw further into the shadow , where he seem to become enfolded in a mantle of darkness . he become aware that what surround he be animated and try to break free of its shapelessness . all in vain . it cover he up entirely , all of he except he eye , which widen as they peer at reflect torchlight on the water where : jesus , bruise and now drench , look up and sees juda , time seem to stop for a brief moment . then jesus lower his head to the stream and drink thirstily before the rope and chain be once more yanked upward and he be strangle half to death before be dumped back onto the bridge . more beating . under the bridge , the darkness drift away from juda , who dart out into the open stream and watch the violent procession move along the road . he lower he eye to the water , reach down , splashes some of it onto he bloody lip , gasp , muffle a scream of pain and rush out of the stream , into the darkness . ext . street of jerusalem . night . a number of separate man be see knocking on door in different part of the city , whisper to that who open the door , move on . a series of group of men and women , even child , emerge from house in the narrow street , some carry torch , and meeting up with other group . ( continued ) 16 . continued : JOHN , mary and magdalen find themselves rush alongside one of this group , man one ... that 's what he say , that they have arrest Jesus of Nazareth , that he follower will try to start a revolt , that we should go to the temple . JOHN turn to look at mary , who return he look as they pick up they pace and move ahead of the group . magdalen cover she head and shake a woman by the arm : magdalen but be not Jesus galilean ? how can they arrest a galilean in Jerusalem ? woman one caiphas can have anybody arrest . magdalen yes . anybody but a Roman . the woman look at magdalen now , and try to remember something about she , but magdalen rush ahead and join mary and JOHN . she look and act like a fighter . ext . sheep pen near the wall of jerusalem . night . by the side of the road be a pen fill with sheep and lamb , all watch the approach torch . a dark figure leap over a fence into they midst . the animal scatter with loud , plaintive bleating . juda , he clothes tear , face torture , lip bleeding where he keep tearing at the flesh , eye wild . he mutter undecipherably . his watch the torch approach . people suddenly appear alongside the road , some from within the wall , other from they home . the second officer see the man and woman peer at jesus , past the torchlight . some show sympathy , sorrow , he nudge the nearest soldier : second officer Close - up rank . now . on the double . he nod he chin in the direction of the onlooker . the soldier look , grunt the message to he nearest colleague . ( continued ) 17 . continued : the man shorten the rope and chain bind jesus , and form a tighter group . the second officer shout at the people lining the road . second officer ( cont have ) stay back , all of you . keep away . get back to you home . woman by roadstde that 's Jesus of Nazareth you have tie in chain . what have he do to deserve such treatment ? he be a man of God . second officer if that 's what you think , then he have deceive you . he be a false prophet . more face have appear as the procession approach the city gate , the people be noisy despite the late hour , the second officer look worried . so do the soldier . man by roadside what you say be false . he be a healer . by whose authority have you arrest he ? set Jesus free . this provoke a general murmur among the onlooker , which grow into a louder commotion . the soldier tighten they rank even more . some of the onlooker rush the soldier and be meet with lashing whip . confused confrontation , jesus look utterly calm , though his bruise face show the effect of the blow he have suffer . Hidden in the pen , juda tear at himself with ferocity . the lamb leap about , frighten by he as well as by the torch and brouhaha that 's break out on the road . the silver in juda 's hand be cover in blood . the sight of it confuse he , he wheeze , shriek and race off into the darkness , toward the city wall . the lamb scatter to keep away from he and race toward the fence where they stop , stare at the procession on the road . jesus see they . the small animal step they bleat and exchange with him a moment of recognition . flash insert : 18 . int , heli 's house in jerusalem , last supper . night . the head of a tiny lamb be hold by a young man . jesus , surround by his apostle , be hand a sharp knife . with quick , solemn , movement he make a SMALL incision in the lamb 's neck . the gesture be short and the cut swift and tiny . jesus then hand the knife to the young man , who complete the act of kill the lamb . the blood flow in the basin next to the lamb 's head . jesus be hand a branch of hyssop , which he dip into the basin . he then hang the branch above the door to the room . quick dissolve ext . temple door . night . his face almost unrecognizable , jesus look up at the temple door , directly in front of he . the procession have come to a stop . jesus lower he eye and slowly scan some of the face outside the Temple , there be a considerable crowd gather here . we recognize some of that who be summon earlier by Temple Guards . CUT to : ext . STREET parallel to temple wall . night . we move back quickly , down a STREET which run alongside the temple wall until we slow down and come to a halt . juda stumble along the desert street . he stop as the door to a house open . he try to hide . impossible . caiphas , follow by a half - dozen accolyte , emerge . he be dress in rich , impressive ceremonial robe . juda 's eye widen , he stare down at the string of silver coin in he hand , whimper , lift he eye to caiphas who be stride off , utterly ignore he . juda rush toward the High Priest , who stop , turn . two guard step between the two man , sword draw . caiphas no , let he pass . he 's harmless ... juda slow , approach , hold out the string of coin . juda ( word catch in he throat ) you bribe I and I betrayed he . ( more ) ( continued ) 19 . continued : juda ( cont would ) let he go . release he . he be a just man . take back you silver . here , take it . but he do not let go of the silver . caiphas be motionless , eye unblink , patient . juda ( cont would ) he be innocent . take back you silver , I do not want it . here ... take it ! the echo of he shout bounce off the wall of the narrow street . caiphas wait another beat , then : caiphas if you think you sell innocent blood to we , juda , that be you affair . we know what we have buy . you have you money , now go ! caiphas be distract by light and crowd noise at the end of the street , near the Temple entrance . juda , too , look . then they eye meet . with a bellow of impotent rage , juda tear apart the string of coin in he hand and throws this at caiphas . the coin bounce off the opulent robe , to the ground . juda then run down the empty street toward the torchlit crowd which be now visible . caiphas and he retinue ignore the silver coin as they rattle musically and settle on the cobblestone . they exchange quick look of indifference , then continue toward the light and the people . CUT to : ext . side STREET near jerusalem temple . night . in the relative darkness of the side street , JOHN reach a arm back and stop when he reach the corner onto the wider street . mary and magdalen be behind he . he peer at the crowd before the temple . then he eye freeze , cur to : ext . wider STREET at temple entrance . jerusalem . night . juda 's bloody face be contort with pain . he be dirty , dishevel and he entire body twitches uncontrollably . ( continued ) 20 . continued : two men wear hooded robe , stand in front of he . he wave he arm about , frantically , as he address they . pirst hooded man you will wander , juda , always . second hooded man curse and cursing . always . juda how ... do you mean . .. always ? first hooded man you betrayal have enter you , juda , like water into you entrail . second hooded man like oil into you bone . juda no ! get away from I , go ! leave I ! he start to hit the two hooded men , arm flail , face twisted into a mask of wide - eye horror . cur to : ext . side STREET near jerusalem temple . night . JOHN have not move from the street corner . he shake he head , magdalen and mary step forward , past he , but they , too , stop when they see : there Pov : juda stand near the corner of the two street , he arm flailing , moan and cry out as he punch the empty AIR in front of he . there be nobody there to hit . behind he , across the wider street , the temple door be '' visible , and the crowd gather around the torch . mary 's focus have move past the unsettle image of juda , onto caiphas who be now approach with he retinue of pharisees . juda , too , see caiphas approach . he turn , run then see JOHN , mary and magdalen and stop , trap . JOHN , mary and magdalen take a step toward he . he look back , do not know what to do , where to go . cornere , helpless , juda watch the three approach , they eye seem to bore hole into and through he . ( continued ) smet 21 . continued : they be nearly face to face before juda realize that JOHN , mary and magdalen be not seeing he , that they eye be exclusively focused on what be happen behind he , at the entrance to the Temple . he stagger to the curb , fall to the ground and watch they walk right by he . the crowd have parte for caiphas as he approach the Temple door . first the soldier be reveal , then jesus , stand in they midst , tie up , shackle , bleed , bruise yet motionless and dignify . the Temple door be opened by the attendant of a second high priest ( annas ) who 's in the courtyard , surround by other prelate and elder , all wear formal robe . the crowd raise a loud cheer as caiphas enter the courtyard with he retinue . jesus turn . his eye meet JOHN 's , magdalen ' 's and finally mary 's . then he be shove brutally forward , through the door and into the OPEN courtyard just inside . the crowd cheer again , louder and obviously for effect as two roman soldier ride up on horseback . the crowd surge forward , fix to enter the Temple grounds , but be stop by Temple guard post outside . the door , however , be keep open . magdalen moan . she and mary hold on to JOHN 's clothes as he push he way past the crowd toward the door . they do not see peter , behind they , also elbow he way forward . as JOHN reach the guard , peter reach they side , sweat and breathe hard . mary Peter ...oh , Peter ... he open he burly arm and mary enter peter 's embrace . peter and JOHN exchange a look of share helpless misery magdalen have turn to the two roman horsemen and push her way back toward they , through the crowd of people . they see she , wait on they horse . when she reach they , she lift she tear~ - ravage , yet beautiful face to they . the two centurion seem mesmerize by she . CUT to : int . roman governor 's palace . night . the room be nearly bare of furniture . a bed , a low table on which sit a mirror , a few chair . only a weak oil lamp illuminate the bedroom . ( continued ) 22 . continued : in the bed a woman sleep ( claudia procles , pilate 's wife ) . it be a restless sleep . she toss , turn , moan . kr figure enter the room and walk up to the bed . it be a man ( pontius pilate ) wear a simple garment and a cloak drape over one shoulder . he move silently and , when he reach the bedside he face be illuminate . a short , tubular man with a well - groom weak face . claudia moan , let out a short cry and , in she sleep , begin to weep . pilate be distress at the sight . he reach a hand out to she . a noise stop he . he turn . stand by the door to the bedroom be a roman centurion , he helmet under he arm , pilate glance at claudia , concerned , then stride to the door and motion the centurion to exit with he . cur to : int . pilater palace . night . outside the bedroom , in a sbmi ~ dark hallway : pilate ( low ) I think I instruct you never to disturb I if I be with ... officer ( interrupt ) with apology , you excellency ... but there be trouble brewing amongst the Jews . it seem that caiphas and annas have have one of they so-called prophet arrest . a large crowd have assemble in and around the Temple ... pilate Prophet ? what sort of prophet ? centurion one of they itinerant magician , you excellency , only ... this man seem to have a large follow of disciple . pilate why take he to the temple if he be just another common trickster ? the two man do not see or hear the door to claudia 's bedroom open . claudia , dress in a light gown , look haunted , stand in the dark room , barely visible . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 2 } centurion he be a galilean . the pharisees and sadducee apparently hate the man . claudia a galilean ? who be you talk about ? who have be take to the Temple ? startle , the man turn to face she . CUT to : int . temple courtyard . night . in the Temple courtyard the soldier who arrest jesus be relieved of they duty ~- change of Guards . a door into the Temple hall be open and the Priests and elder enter the building . next to the guard 's barracks in the open courtyard a rough awning have be erect , inside of which carpenter busily work on various - size trunk of lumber . other men dump tool and other metallic object onto low table . jesus look exhaust by the long march from gethsemani . a temple soldier who be not part of the arrest party now stride up to jesus , unty his hand and brusquely lift his bleed , dirty , swollen face . jesus 's eye be clear and calm . the officer cannot stand to look into they . he slap jesus hard across the face , and lean forward , officer a magician , they say . tt say a charlatan . the soldier all around fall silent , watch the exchange . jesus do not reply . his eye meet the man 's and the officer lose he composure and , this time strike jesus with he fist and continue to hit he as : officer ( cont ! d) you 's be finished ! whatever you think , whoever they ( point ) believe you be be go , good as forget ... dead . the man around the courtyard burst into coarse jeer . at the door to the Temple , despite peter 's attempt to stop she , magdalen scream over they jeer : magdalen stop ! for mercy 's sake , stop it ! my sweet jesus ... make he stop ! ( continued ) 24 , continued : ( 3 ) JOHN try to cover she mouth , but magdalen abruptly go quiet . JOHN follow she gaze , jesus have turn to she . eye glue to his , magdalen now moan . her hand search the air , find mary 's , they clasp . jesus be lead inside the temple . peter be whisper into the ear of one of the guard while put some coin into the man 's hand . the guard let peter through , along with a number of other . JOHN , mary and magdalen try to follow peter but they be stop by the guard . CUT to : int . great hall . temple in jerusalem . night . peter move along with other , toward the bright torchlit hall where caiphas , annas and the other Priests and elder be seat . the hall be fill to capacity . jesus stand in a small clear at the center of the hall , his hand tie behind his back , his garment tear and filthy , his face partly swollen and bloody . annas pretend to look surprised at the sight of jesus , and exchange ironic smile with catphas and other . annas who be this vagabond you bring to we , chain like a man condemn to death ? one of the guard . shout : guard he be Jesus , the rebel of Nazareth . all voice at once quiet down . annas stand , approach . annas be it true ? you be Jesus of Nazareth ? he look away from jesus 's eye , scan his tear clothes and bloody face , arm and foot : annas ( cont have ) the people , it seem , have decide to put a stop to you blasphemous conduct toward God and he priest . annas turn to the choose audience . silence . he wait , glance at caiphas , raise he eyebrow . it 's a signal . ( continued ) 25 . continued : tentative jeer and sneer and hissing . peter , worried , move to the front row , closer to jesus . jesus lift his head to look at annas . the crowd fall Silent , as abruptly as it begin the hiss . jesus I have speak openly to the world . I have teach in the synagogue , and in the Temple , where all Jews gather . I have never speak in secret , but why ask I ? ask that who have hear what I have to say . they know , and will be able to answer you . silence . caiphas slowly rise from he seat and stride up to jesus , his voice be low , but it carry in the silence . caiphas be that how you address yourself to a High Priest ? with malice and irony ? caiphas step back , glance at a large , brutish guard who step forward and hit jesus on the side of his face with the hilt of he sword . jesus fall to his knee . flash insert : ext . temple door . jerusalem . night . between JOHN and magdalen , mary 's head snap back , as if she have be hit on her face . she crumble to she knee . magdalen and JOHN both kneel down beside she . JOHN lift she face . there be a huge bruise on the side of she face . mary be unconscious , the bruise mysteriously retreat , then vanish . JOHN and magdalen exchange look and turn anguish face toward the Temple . we move now , past the guard into the Temple courtyard , through the door , into the great hall where : int . great hall . temple in jerusalem . night . jesus slowly get back to his foot . more jeer , sneering and hiss by the elder , scribe , pharisees , sadducee and many in the audience . peter shut he eye and become motionless . ( continued ) vom 26 . continued : jesus look at the brutish guard who hit he . jesus if I have speak evil , tell I what evil I have speak . if not , why do you strike I ? caiphas motion the guard away . annas , beside he , raise he arm in the air and the audience quiet down . caiphas they say you be a king ... where be you kingdom ? jesus turn to caiphas , but do not answer . annas which order of king do you descend from ? speak up . caiphas and annas start to spit out question at jesus . rhetorical question , for they do not give he time to answer . as they do , we move among the crowd in the hall . caiphas ( os ) be not you the son of a obscure carpenter ? annas ( 03 ) some say you be elias . I think he be carry to heaven in a chariot . one of the man stand beside peter notice peter 's stillness , that he be hold he eye close . the man study he with suspicion , then lean in and mutter : man in audience have not I see you in the company of the galilean ? yes , you be one of he disciple , I know it , I recognize you . peter be shake . other turn to he , curious . the crowd be so tightly pack peter can barely move . panic . he push he way toward the rear of the crowd , shaking he head . a woman in the audience now peer at he and point : woman in audience wait . stay where you be . you be Peter , one of the disciple of Jesus . ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 2 ) peter ( harsh whisper ) quiet , woman . I never meet that man . I do not know he . the dense crowd of man and woman around peter suddenly shift , as more people squeeze into the great hall . the SOUND of a rooster crowing enter the hall as well . peter be pushed forward , and again stand close to the center where jesus be be pestere by caiphas , annas , other ' witness 's and ' accuser 's . each of they either spit at jesus or throws something at him as they speak . accuser one cure the sick by wizardry . with the help of devil . accuser two he cast out devil with the help of devil . laughter greet the absurdity of that , caiphas glance at annas , clearly upset . more laughter . accuser three call himself king of the Jews . accuser four not true ! he call himself son of God ! accuser five wrong ! you be both wrong . the bread of life . that 's what he say he be . whoever do not eat he flesh or drink he blood will not have eternal life . peter 's eye meet that of jesus . the look of sorrow and affection he see cause peter to lower he head . catphas silence ! the great Hall quiet down , the crowd become still . calphas ( cont have ) you be all of you under this man 's evil spell , contradict each other like so many fool . offer we proof of he wrongdo , or else be quiet . caiphas and annas scan the throng of confuse face . they be all look at jesus . caiphas turn to look also . ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 3 ) jesus be motionless , head bow , silent . the hissing and shout begin again , with renew intensity , spur by the silence and stillness of jesus . a old man ( joseph of arimathea ) step forward , hush the crowd , turn solemn eye to caiphas and annas . joseph of arimathea this entire proceeding be offensive , caiphas . I have hear nothing from this so-called witness but false accusation , dissention , contradiction . the speed with which you have assemble this tribunal be , in my view , further evidence of malice . your and theirs . a number of man nod in agreement , cover they head in a gesture of disapproval . some simply leave the tribunal . most , however , erupt into loud jeer . they start to push joseph and some of the other dissenter around , then literally shove they out the door . jesus watch he few supporter leave or be throw out . caiphas be fill with secret pleasure as joseph and the good man leave the tribunal . as soon as they be go , he turn to jesus again . the noise die down . caiphas have you nothing to say , then ? no answer to any of this accusation ? jesus neither move nor answer . one of the more vicious of the man surround him grab jesus by the hair and yank his head backward . the eye of jesus now look directly into that of caiphas . caiphas I ask you now , Jesus of Nazareth , to tell we if you be the Christ , the messiah , Son of the live God . jesus you have say it . as he speak , light suddenly envelop him . this cause caiphas to look away . jesus scan the face of the man surround him , then face caiphas once more . ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 4 ) jesus {cont have ) I be the Christ , Son of the live God a SHOCK - wave of complete silence . caiphas step away from jesus as if he have be slap . the majority of the pharisees , scribe and sadducee in the tribunal errupt into a deafening clamor . caiphas take hold of he rich mantle with one hand and , grab a sword from one of the soldier , rent the mantle in half . caiphas blasphemy ! ( point to Jesus ) you all hear he . he have commit blasphemy . why bother with witness ? you hear what he say ... what be you verdict ? the pandemonium which cease for a moment explode with renew energy as the pharisees shout in unison : phariseebs death ! he be guilty ! put he to death the echo of that shout fill the hall and , like a ripple wave , move outward , through the door into the courtyard and out the temple door where : ext . temple door . jerusalem . night . the dense crowd be catch up in the frenzy which have errupt inside the Temple , mary be still unconscious . JOHN and magdalen crouch by she side , protect she from the pack mob around they . as the sudden wave of cheer errupt all around they , mary wake up very abruptly . before JOHN or magdalen have time to react , she scramble to she foot and try to get past the throng and into the Temple grounds . mary ( feverish , she head shaking ) no. no. no ... JOHN rush to stop she . magdalen remain where she be , on she knee , slightly dishevel , incapable of make a sound . her dry -ey , silent and ferocious denial be heart~ break . ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 5 ) JOHN reach mary and gently restrain she . she turn to look at he , intensely pale , anguish . her word catch in she throat , she be almost incapable of breathe . mary ( cont have ) John ... they be go to ... he be condemn ! oh , do you not hear it ? his bless heart , John ... beat ! her face collapse into tear . holding she , JOHN look over people 's head toward the door into the great Hall . ext . valley of hinnom . night . juda run across a desolate landscape , a man possess . he groan , breathlessly . his clothes have be mostly tear off he back and he bare skin look pale and dirty . the light of the moon suddenly fill the night . he stop , look over he shoulder at the wall of jerusalem . a blast of wind hit juda , then silence and stillness descend on the valley around he . a eerie quiet . juda scream . he be stare at the skin on he pale forearm which have swollen into a odd shape . juda tries to cover the swelling with he other hand , but he cannot . it move . he try again and the swell move out of reach . frantic now , juda begin to tear at he own skin , but however hard he tries to grab hold of the knob , it fvade he touch . his watery eye , bloody face , tear hair and twisted face present a mask of self - inflicted torment . his scream bloodcurdle , juda struggle to tear out the mysterious growth as it travel about he body , always out of reach , alternate between howl of rage and fear and breathless , wretch silence . suddenly he stop and gape at the moon through the branch of a sturdy , tall tree . then he spin around . the two faceless , hooded figure with whom he battle earlier be approach . they stop . stillness . demon they have reach a verdict , juda , they be go to put he to death . juda be and remain motionless . second demon you sell he . you know the law ... ( continued ) 31 . continued : se demon he who sell a soul among he brother and receive the price of it ... second demon let he die the death . silence . then juda rasp , like a cicada . juda the death ? he look at the tall tree branch , at the moon , shut he eye . from beneath he eyelid spring bitter tear , cut to : int . tribunal hall . temple . night . pandemonium , at the center of which stand jesus , his composure in sharp contrast to the frenzy around him . caiphas and annas , surround by the elder scribe , watch as the crowd swarm around jesus like wasp , some pulling at his hair , or his beard and rip away fingerfuls of it , other spitting at he or hitting he with they hand or with stick . peter 's eye fill with anguish . he roughly elbow away a number of the more violent in the crowd . his effort be notice by one of the elder . elder look ! there . who be that man ? that one , yes ... why be he interfere ? a number of threaten face now focus on peter , who retreat , try to blend in with the frenzied horde . a number of hand now reach out and grab hold of he tunic . man you be one of he disciple , be not you ? one of he galilean heretics . peter shake he head violently and try to get loose . peter no , you be mistaken . I be not a disciple . I do not even know the man . '' a momentary reprieve as a new set of guard enter the Hall carry bundle with they . ( continued ) 32 . continued : peter push and claw he way toward the exit . the new guard gruffly separate the people from jesus . they want . him for themselves . the first thing they do be present him with a crown of straw , which they place on his head as they tear off his robe and scapular , throw a old , torn mantle over his shoulder and hang a long iron chain around his neck , studd with sharp point which tear at his flesh as they drag he around the great Hall . guard behold the Son of David , wear the crown of he father ! face pop up before peter 's as he push against the rest . then a second man grab peter 's tunic . second man hold it ... stop ! I have see you before , yes , now I remember ! on the road to gethsemani ! you be the one who cut off malchus 's ear with a sword ! claustrophobic panic overcome Peter . peter no , no , you be wrong . I do not know what you be talk about . I swear , I do not know the man , believe I . he tug at he mantle with a surge of FURY and fear , pull free and elbow he way out into the courtyard . in the courtyard : Peter stumble as far away from the door into the great Hall as he can . as soon as he be alone , he hear a rooster crowing . flash insert : ext . gethsemani . night . peter be walk beside jesus on the path which separate gethsemani from the garden of olive . the rest of the apostle ( all except juda ) be walk behind they . only JOHN keep pace . peter not I , master , no . I will always be faithful to you . jesus stop and turn to peter ( continued ) 33 . continued : jesus Simon , Simon ... I have pray for you , that you faith should not fail you , because where I be go you may not follow I . peter {enthusiastically interrupt ) Lord , I tell you I be ready to follow you wherever you may go ... to prison , even to death , jesus rest a hand on peter 's shoulder jesus amen , amen , Simon , I say to you before the rooster crow twice , you will deny I three time . flash to present : peter turn he eye to the roof of the courtyard where a rooster perches , crow with vigor . peter cover he face with he hand . a roar from inside the great Hall . magnetically draw to what be take place , terrify by the mania inside , deeply ashamed of himself , peter edge he way back to the door and try to see what be happen inside . Pov : caiphas interrupt what have become a sadistic frenzy . caiphas March this king of straw to the Temple dungeon and keep he there until we can present he to the Roman Governor ! the delirious , bloodthirsty crowd help the soldier drag jesus qut of the great Hall , put on a boisterous show of deference to his royalty . they pass very near to peter , and jesus look directly at his Apostle as he be drag by . peter 's eye fill with tear . he cover he head with he hood , try to hide he misery and step back into the shadow in the Hall . jesus be take out of the great hall , then through a adjacent door and down a narrow flight of stair . nee 34 . int . temple dungeon . night . rat-infested , dank and barely illuminate , the dungeon be in a vault foundation directly under the great Hall . the guard chain jesus to a metal ring hang high on a grimy wall . he be stretch to the point where only his toe touch the filthy ground . jesus lower his head , exhaust . the guard retreat . darkness . cuT to : ext . temple courtyard . night . the crowd of pharisee , sadducee , elder , scribe and false witness pour out of the great Hall and make its noisy way toward the street , outside the temple door , mary , JOHN and magdalen be the only one move against the tide of people go the opposite way . no one take any notice of they , not even the guard . finally they be alone in the courtyard , just outside the great Hall door . inside the great hall , the only figure be that of peter , on he knee now , sobbing uncontrollably and banging he forehead onto the bloodsoaked stone floor . entering the now semi ~ dark Hall , JOHN , mary and magdalen stop when they see peter , not sure who he could be . peter 's sob ring out in the emptiness , then : JOHN Peter ? peter stop , but as yet do not turn . mary step forward . mary Peter ... be it truly you , Simon ? peter get to he foot too quickly , spin around , face crush into a mask of deep shame and misery . mary stop . mary ( cont have ) where be my son ? where have they take he ? tell I what have happen to Jesus ? where be he , Peter ? peter scan they face , then face mary once more but remain silent , mary take a step toward he : ( continued ) 35 . continued ; mary ( cont have ) Peter , why do you not answer I ? peter 's face undergoe fracture , as do he voice . peter no ! mother , please , I beg you , do not speak to I . I be unworthy , Mary , unworthy ... you son be suffer more than word can express . the pharisees have condemn he to death , and t...1 I have deny he three time ! magdalen cry out . it echoe in the great Hall . peter run past mary , JOHN and magdalen , out of the Hall . mary have become still , in the center of the room , where jesus stand . she have shut she eye as peter run past she . now she re-open they and lower her eye to the floor . the stillness of the room intensifies as the stone floor become transparent to mary . beneath the spot where she be stand be the dark , airless dungeon cell where jesus ts tied and chained to the wall . despite the darkness , he blood encrusted hand , face and feet be plainly visible to her , he stand immobile , his head lower . mary moan . jesus lift he face and look up . it be as if both of they can see each other through the stone floor , and there ts a moment of silent communion between they . mary collapse on the cold stone , cur to : ext . valley of hinnom . night . the SOUND of bone snapping accompany the sudden drop of the body from a thick , tall branch of the tree . lifeless now , juda swing from a rope tie to the tall branch of a tree and around he neck . silence . empty , dark , godless silence . then the body of juda burst OPEN , as if explode , and scatter in putrefaction on the ground beneath the tree . qn the horizon , the first glimmer of dawn light . fade out : ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 2 ) fade in : ext . pilater palace . jerusalem . dawn . the face of jesus be pale under the blood , sweat and grime of he night -ordeal . in chain again , he be drag along the wide street toward the Roman Governor 's Palace . caiphas , annas , the sanhedrim of elder and other scribe lead the guard surround jesus . the STREET be line with people push each other out of the way so they can have a better look at the procession . despite his appall condition , jesus carry himself with calm majesty . mary , magdalen , JOHN and the other woman stand behind some of the onlooker . mary {under she breath ) my Jesus . my son ... caiphas and the sanhedrim have reach the gate into the Palace grounds . a centurion have stop they . caiphas turn and watch jesus be drag toward they as one of the elder whisper to the centurion . ccuut to : int . roman governor's palace . night . a trumpet sound , in the near distance , mute by wall . pilate be be help into a ceremonial roman officer 's uniform . claudia be seat nearby . pilate dismiss he servant , then approach she and kiss she lightly . the SOUND of footstep approaching there room . claudia do not condemn the man . he be a holy man , you would only bring trouble down on yourself . pilate what would you have I do , Claudia ? claudia he be galilean . give he to the King of galilee , the herod . let he be the one to pass judgement . ( cont inued ) 37 . continued : pilate be silent . he study he wife 's face distractedly pilate ( thoughtful , hesitant ) clever Claudia . herod be live in adultery , and be consider a great sinner even by the jewish priest . if he condemn this , , .. claudia his name be Jesus . if herod condemn he , and the jewish High Priests do as he command , they be the one who will be commit a crime . there be a knock on the door and the centurion enter . pilate smile reassuringly at claudia and exit . cuT to : int , praetorium , pilater palace . morning . jesus stand alone at the foot of the flight of stair . some of the chain have be remove from him , as well as some of the rope , though his hand be still bound . he keep his head low , which hide most of the swelling on his face . caiphas , annas and the elder scribe and other member of the sandhedrim take they place . behind they , the crowd gather in the open forum . pilate enter , walk toward he lone seat on a terrace overlook the praetorium . all noise stop . pilate gaze down at jesus at the foot of the flight of stair , then at the gather Priests and people . he frown , unhappily : pilate look at jesus again . jesus do not move . pilate , ( cont have ) do you always half - kill you prisoner before they be even judge guilty ? a second hush . caiphas step forward , start to speak but pilate ( cont no ) what accusation do you bring against this man ? caiphas if he be not a malefactor we would not have bring he before you . {continued ) 38 . continued : pilate why do not you judge he accord to you law ? caiphas consul , you know it be unlawful for we to condemn any man to death . pilate to death !? you would condemn this man to death ? what have he do to deserve such harsh judgement ? caiphas he have violate we sabbath , consul . profaned the day of God by curing the sick , even on that day . pilate motion the roman guard to bring jesus up the stair to the platform , then walk up to jesus and study him with curiosity . he signal to the guard to cut the rope bind him , then look down at caiphas , irony dance in he Roman eye . pilate you be not ill yourself on that day , caiphas , or you would not complain that he be curing you on a sabbath . the crowd be both shocked and amused by pilate 's word . jesus remain motionless behind pilate . caiphas be furious , and embarrassed . caiphas he have seduce the people by teach they disgusting doctrine . pilate disgusting , no less . for example ? caiphas he have say that no person can attain eternal life unless they eat he flesh and drink he blood . pilate glance back at jesus . pilate you must all be very eager to attain eternal life ... judge by the way you thirst for he body and he blood . {continued} 39 . continued : ( 2 ) more laughter . caiphas be livid . he turn and consult in undertone with annas and some of the elder and scribe . catphas ( raise he voice ) he have forbidden he disciple to pay tribute to the emperor , consul ! pilate be study jesus with undiminished curiosity . his face harden , he slowly turn around . pilate do you know who oversee the payment of tribute to the Emperor , caiphas ? I do . it be one of my duty to see that all tribute be properly collect , I have see no evidence that he have do what you accuse he of . you be lie . annas now step forward . in a more diplomatic tone : annas excellency , excellency ... please . the High Priest have not indicate to you what this man 's gravest crime have be ... the true reason we have bring he before you for judgement . thing quiet down . caiphas be rattle and offended , but annas continue , unashamedly , point to jesus . annas ( cont have ) he be a man of obscure birth , consul , but have manage to become the leader of a large and dangerous sect . why , just a few day ago he enter Jerusalem at the head of a large crowd who hail he as the son of david ! hush , pilate listen , glance again at jesus , who have not move a muscle . annas ( cont have ) he have declare , even to US , Governor , that he be the anointed of the Lord , the Christ , the messiah , the king promise to the Jews ... the crowd now explode in jeer and invective . pilate step away from the public terrace , signal a guard . cut to : 40. int . roman governor 's palace . morning . near one of the entrance to the praetorium , claudia hide behind a curtain . she be watch the Priests and the crowd when she suddenly focus on : ext . praetorium . pilater palace . morning . mary , JOHN and magdalen push past the crowd just outside the praetorium . magdalen and JOHN be the one plow a pathway through the assemble pharisee . mary follow , eye scan the praetorium for she Son . it be she dignity that catch claudia 's attention . claudia study mary and she two companion with interest CUT to : int . pilate 's palace , morning , in the small private enclosure , pilate dismiss the guard and turn to jesus with curiosity . there be a table with fruit , a jug of wine and some cup . pilate pour a cupful and step up to jesus . pilate drink . jesus lift he eye to pilate , for the first time . he ignere the wine , but hold the roman 's eye in his . pilate study the tear clothes , the blood -encrust neck , foot and hand of jesus . then : pilate { ( cont have ) be you ... the king of the Jews ? jesus do the question come from you , or do you ask I this because other have tell you that be what I be ? pilate be not certain whether or not to take offense . pilate how could I have come up with such a question by myself ? be I a Jew ? you High Priests have deliver you to I , they want I to have you execute . why ? what have you do ? ( continued ) 41 . continued : jesus do not answer . pilate seem mesmerize by the face and eye before he . pilate ( cont would ) be you a king ? with quiet majesty in his voice : jesus my kingdom be not of this world . if it be , do you think my servant would have allow that man to deliver I to you in this manner ? pilate then you be a king ? beat . jesus that be why I be bear . to give testimony to the truth . all man who hear the truth hear my voice . a long moment of silence , pilate the truth ? what be the truth ? jesus do not answer . his eye pierce pilate 's . ccut to : int . forum a praetorium . pilater palace . morning . caiphas and annas huddle with the scribe and elder . pilate reappear on the judgement platform . the noise abate as he take he seat . jesus appear . pilate wait until all be quiet . pilate T have question this prisoner , and I find no cause in he . deep silence . pilate turn to jesus . '' pilate ( cont ! d) you have hear they accusation . have you nothing to say ? no answer to they false claim ? ( continued ) a2 . continued : jesus stand motionless and silent . a grow murmur of discontent among the pharisees be once more interrupt by pilate , pilate this man be a galilean , be he not ? catphas ( smell a trap , hesitates ) he be ... pilate well , then he be a subject of King herod 's . his majesty be in Jerusalem for the pasch ... let he judge the man accord to the law of galilee . he wave at the roman guard , who take hold of jesus and march him down the flight of stair . pilate watch as jesus be deliver back into the hand of the pharisee , put in chain and drag out . the praetorium quickly empty of the people . pilate be about to turn away when a figure appear at the entrance to the praetorium below . claudia . silence . pilate be clearly troubled . pilate ( soft ) what be truth , Claudia ? do you hear it when it be speak ? claudia ( soft ) yes , I do. ( quick beat ) do not you ? beat . pilate ( shake he head ) can you tell I ? claudia ( low ) no . if you will not hear the truth , no one can tell you . pilate turn away , impatiently , and exit . ( continued ) 43 , continued : ( 2 ) claudia 's eye fill with tear . a soft noise . she look . mary , JOHN and magdalen stand in the shadow of one of the praetorium column , motionless . after a brief moment , claudia step up toward the judgement platform , at the top , she turn and look down at where mary , JOHN and magdalen be , but they be no longer there . claudia be no longer weep . CUT to ; int . herod 's palace . morning . a spacious , opulently decorate hall fill with cushion and gild furniture . king herod half -sit , half~lies on a sort of throne of cushion . he be a effeminate man of soft , forgettable feature . a slippery spirit . he stand and glide toward jesus , study him briefly then turn and shout hysterically at the pharisee . herod you miserable butcher ! how dare you bring this man to I in such a state ! take he away , clean he up ! jesus be drag out of the throne room . ext . courtyard , herod 's palace . morning . jesus 's chain be remove by the Temple guard , who then proceed to empty bucket of cold water over jesus . this remove the worst of the blood , sweat and mud from him . some roman soldier enter the yard from the Palace Gates and watch with pity and contempt . behind the Roman mary , JOHN and magdalen enter the courtyard , stop , look on in shock , with a cry of anger magdalen rush in , knock one down . magdalen no ! the water have spill over the upend guard . furious , he look up at she with unabash hatred , but although magdalen stand over the man , she now see only jesus , remove she cape from she shoulder and hand it to him . jesus be drenched . his clothes be sopping wet . ( continued ) 44 . continued : magdalen have manage to enfold his face in the dry cotton of she cape when one of the roman soldier step in , grab magdalen by she arm and forcibly transport she back to where mary and JOHN be stand . the roman soldier then force the three to exit the courtyard . mary turn as she be lead out to the street . mary 's Pov : jesus be drag to the Palace door by the Temple guard CUT to : int . herod 's hall . morning . herod ignore the gather pharisee as he watch jesus stand before he at the center of the hall . the guard back off . herod ( softly ) Jesus of Nazareth , Miracle worker . jesus neither acknowledge nor even look at he . herod ( cont have ) you be silent . have you no answer to all the accusation this man have bring against you ? silence , stiliness . herod ( cont would ) will you work a miracle for I ? say something and confound this man ! herod scan the face of caiphas , annas and the elder . he laugh to himself , foppishly . herod ( cont have ) confound they with a miracle , then . the tension in the hall increase as jesus ignore herod . herod ( cont no ) be you the one whose birth be foretold ? answer I . be you a king ? he pace around , both draw to and now afraid of jesus . herod ( cont have ) be it true that you restore sight to the blind ? { morb ) ( continued ) wet 45 . continued : herod ( cont have ) feed thousand with only a few loaf of bread ? be it true that you raise lazarus from the dead ? who be you ? where do you power come from ? beat . herod ( cont have ) where have it go ? herod glance at the member of the sanhedrim as he pace back and forth in front of jesus . he stop , peer at the face of jesus , who do not react or even look at he . herod step back , intimidate , and snap petulantly : herod ( cont have ) ach ! take this fool out of my sight ! he be guilty of no crime , he 's just mad ! pay he the homage that be due a madman ... no more than that ! herod then watch with a spoiled frown on he soft face as the guard move forward and chain jesus down again , as they exit herod 's Hall : annas all we can do be bring he back to pilate . we can not kill he . caiphas not officially , no ... annas take this in , scan the face around they . all of they turn to watch jesus as he be dragge from the hall . annas turn to a particularly large , brutish man among the guard . they eye meet , ever so briefly . annas nod . the large guard walk toward the guard who be march jesus out , mutter a few word to they . electricity among the conspirator . Fire of hatred . CUT to : ext . courtyard of herod n's palace . morning . as jesus step out into the Palace courtyard the guard knock he to the ground , tie he ankle with rope and drag he along the yard 's gutter . his head repeatedly smashes against stone column that line the gutter . this be obviously mean to kill jesus , but when they stop , he raise himself back to his foot , face cover with blood . ( continued ) ae , 46 . continued : caiphas turn to annas and the rest of the elder and , despite himself , study jesus with admiration : caiphas well , it 's the law , after all ... we may not put a man to death . not unless a Roman Governor have condemn he . caiphas stride up to jesus , examine the bloody face before he , then spit . CUT to : ext . STREET in jerusalem . day . a man ( simon of cyrene ) walk toward a enclose garden , accompany by three child . simon enter the garden just as a band of people rush past he , excitedly . simon warily watch the crowd , then rush back to get he child off the street , away from the throng . when he see one of the herd move more slowly than the rest : simon of cyrene what be go on ...? man they 's have arrest Jesus of Nazareth . King herod have condemn he to death but he disciple be appeal to the Roman to set he free ... simon shrug , turn to he child safely in the garden . CUT to : ext . garden of roman governon r palace . morning . pilate stand before a shrine to a Roman god . his ever - present officer be stand behind he . officer we be go to need reinforcement . pilate I ... do not want to start a rebellion . officer a rebellion have already start , sir . pilate you say they be bring this ... prophet back here ? why ? ( continued ) 47 . continued : officer herod have refuse to condemn the man . a soldier appear , out of breath . pilate and the officer turn to he . dissolve int . judgement platform . pilater palace . morning pilate stride onto the judgement platform and sit on the lone seat . below , the crowd be double the size it be earlier - more restless , louder , more unpredictable . caiphas , annas and the member of the sanhedrim enter . jesus stagger into the praetorium and collapse on the floor , bloody , filthy , in obvious pain , exhaust . instead of help him rise , the Temple guard kick at him until he slowly , agonizingly , stand up again . jesus be unrecognizable , yet have retain a mysterious majesty . a cup of wine be bring to pilate . he take it , scan the crowd below , drink . then he stand up . hush descend pilate you bring this man to I earlier , and I find no reason to condemn he . I defer to king herod and herod find no cause in he . therefore I will chastise he , then set he free . baffle silence . then the air explode with a roar . the nervous roman soldier surround the praetorium be joined by other who have be keep outside . they lock they shield , withdraw there sword and now form a imposing fence around the crowd of angry pharisee . the moment be tense , teeter on violent confrontation , pilate look down at the enraged mob below . he be clearly worried , and lift he arm high over he head , below , caiphas coopt and be the first to shout : caiphas quiet ! silence ! hush . he turn to pilate , who acknowledge he curtly . ( continued ) 48 . continued : pilate I have make it my custom , every year at the pasch , to deliver a condemn criminal back to you . I be presently hold a well - know murderer in prison : barabbas . which of the two man would you have I release to you ... barabbas or Jesus , call the Christ ? caiphas ( shout of indignation , rage ) he be not the Christ . he be a impostor , a blasphemer . free barabhbas . another voice in the crowd shout out : '' barabbas ! '' ~ this instantly become a general outcry , with the name barabbas echoing like gunshot . more and more concerned by the turn of event , pilate signal one of the roman officer , who push forward a scruffy , bewildered man in chain ( barabbas ) , who obviously do not have any idea what be happen . at the sight of barabbas the crowd 's fury abate . pilate stand up and move dramatically half - way down the flight of stair . he then point one arm toward barabbas stand above he and jesus at the foot of the stair . pilate again I ask you ... which of this two man should I deliver up to you ? barabbas look down at the figure at the foot of the stair . jesus lift his eye to barabbas . the crowd explode again with roar of : '' barabbas '' catphas ( shout out ) barabbas . deliver barabbas up to we , pilate ( shout back ) what would you have I do with Jesus of Nazareth ? caiphas and annas let he be crucify . deafening roar of the crowd , echoing caiphas 's word . ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 2 ) jesus slowly turn and scan the multitude , all shouting for he execution . at the back of the crowd mary , JOHN and magdalen try to push they way into the praetorium and closer to jesus . the chaos and motion of the people be such that they be easily visible because of they clear forward motion . pilate be obviously intimidate by the crowd 's mood , and be about to retreat when he see mary , JOHN and magdalen push toward the foot of the stair where jesus stand , they suddenly step past the crowd , into the clear , mary rush forward , almost reach jesus but be hold back by a roman soldier just as she hand be about the touch jesus 's face . magdalen have fall to she knee and she face have break into inaudible sob at the sight of him . JOHN have go pale and become motionless . the shout : crucify he , crucify he gain in power . mary lift she eye to pilate . the roar of the people become deafen . he meet she gaze , then look at jesus pilate no . I will chastise he , but then I will set he free . he have address only mary , JOHN and magdalen and only they seem to hear he word . mary stand . the soldier try to guide she away from jesus , but she resist . JOHN step forward and take mary 's arm . pilate frown at the bloodthirsty roar of the pharisee , then signal a roman officer to set barabbas free . the chain around barabbas 's hand and foot be loosen . he slowly descend the stair , to the acclaim of the crowd . he cannot believe what be happen to he , and stop at the bottom , directly in front of jesus , face to face , jesus 's eye pierce into the very soul of barabbas , who cannot sustain the power of they , and abruptly take off through the crowd , knock down people as he make he way to the exit . he burst out of the praetorium , into the forum of pilate 's palace . he come to a dead stop as he crash into JOHN , knock he to the ground . ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 3 ) dishevel magdalen cry out . mary find herself look directly into the bloodshot eye of barabbas . the moment be brief . the temple guard , surround by roman now , exit the praetorium drag jesus along . barabbas run . mary , JOHN and magdalen be brutally shove aside . they barely catch a glimpse of jesus and be nearly trampled by the crowd as it stampede out of the praetorium . CcuUT to : ext . flagellation loggia . pilater palace . day . the guard drag jesus toward a marble enclosure just off the forum , at the center of which stand a granite pillar : the flagellation enclosure . the loggia~like enclosure be in plain view of many in the crowd . three men stand wait in the cold marble place . at they foot lie whip , rope and thin rod . a arsenal . cuT to : ext . forum . pilater palace . day . mary turn to JOHN . mary help I ... stay near him . we must not leave he , John . ever leave he .. they approach the flagellation loggia but be stop near the door . mary 's eye be riveted to jesus , now stand in front of the pillar . she do not notice claudia , who have appear , carry bundle of soft ~ looking linen fold in she arm . claudia stop . mary sense she presence and turn . claudia hand mary the linen and withdraw . inside the flagellation loggia , jesus have begin to remove his clothes , prodd by the three executioner . mary at first clutch the linen which claudia have hand to she , but then become aware that magdalen 's focus on jesus be cause hyperventilate sob to catch in she throat . magdalen 's face struggle to maintain composure , but a shriek have begin to make itself in she chest . mary interrupt the breakdown by handing magdalen the linen . CUT to : 51. int . flagellation loggia . pilater palace forum . day . naked , jesus be gruffly chained to the granite pillar , with he arm hugging the stone , tie to a ring at its top . the chain be stretch upward by the executioner , to the point that jesus 's feet barely touch the ground . he manage , somehow , to turn he head toward mary ay this moment and they exchange a brief look . mary turn to JOHN . mary oh , John ... I cannot ... watch this . her face have become chalk ~ like and she collapse in a faint . JOHN hold she in he arm and carry she away from the entrance to the flagellation chamber . magdalen follow he , reluctantly . CUT to : int . flagellation loggia . day . inside , the torturer have select long , thin , flexible white wood whip to which be attach strip of leather . they begin to rhythmically whip the bare back of jesus . with each stroke , the skin of his back , his leg , his arm break into welt which instantly swell . his groans of pain be low , but plainly audible . the welt on his swollen skin now begin to break , cause a flow of blood , which the new stroke splatter on the pillar and the floor . the blood soon flow in continuous rivulet . CUT to : ext . forum . pilater palace , day . the crowd of people milling around the Forum be suddenly subdued , many stop and watch the flagellation , but then move away from the entrance to the loggia . only caiphas , annas and some of the elder stay and watch each stroke from within the flagellation loggia . from where they crouch beside mary , JOHN and magdalen can hear each stroke , as well as the groans of jesus . JOHN 's eye have fill with tear . magdalen echoe each stroke with a moan or a gasp . they have place the soft linen bundle under mary 's head , who be still unconscious . CUT to : 52 . int . flagellation loggia . day . the torturer now drop they bloody whip and unchain jesus . they turn he around , with his back to the pillar and drag his arm up once more , and this time they tie down his leg as well . the new torture instrument selected be horrendous . they be SMALL chain or strap cover with iron hook which , as they land on the chest , face and neck , as well as the legs of jesus , penetrate to the bone and tear off piece of his flesh . the blood now splatter the torturer 's face as well as the pillar and the area surround it . cur to : ext . STREET outside pilater palace . morning . a small caravan of men riding camel come to a stop in front of the gate . there be too many people milling about for they to pass . they peer inside the gate . from they position , they can see over people 's head , past the praetorium , into the flagellation enclosure . they reaction to what they see be one of horror . the leader among they turn to a bystander : camel rider who be that man ? what could he have do to deserve such punishment ? bystander it be Jesus of Nazareth , whom both King herod and pilate have condemn . camel rider that be not possible ... ( look at he companion ) I have hear he speak . he be a man of God ... second camel rider nstare in horror at the flagellation scene ) he ... baptize I . and my child . they watch the torture with pain , baffle expression . CUT to : int . flagellation room . morning . after a last slash of leather and metal hook on flesh , a short man rush to the pillar with a knife in he hand . ( continued ) De 53 . continued : short man stop. stop now . do not scourge this man to death . he be innocent ... the torturer turn to caiphas and annas , bright - eye with sadistic eagerness and whe glare at jesus . it be clear they would rather see him finish off now . short man ( cont no ) ( also turn to caiphas ) pilate will not be pleased to discover that he prisoner have be execute , caiphas ... you know that . without wait for a signal from caiphas , the short man cut the line hold jesus tie to the pillar . even the roman soldier lining the flagellation room be relieved that the whipping have stop , he then manage to untie the chain hold by the ring at the top of the pillar . jesus fall to the ground at the foot of the pillar , in a pool of his own blood . CUT to : ext . forum . pilater palace . day . mary 's eye open and she abruptly sit up . her eye meet JOHN 's 's , then magdalen 's , then she quickly stand , before they have time to react , and step to the entrance of the flagellation loggia . here , she stop as caiphas , annas and the elder , follow by a dozen other , include the torturer , emerge and walk past she . inside , mary can hear shout before she can see anything . temple guard ( 0s ) get up ! on you foot ! another temple guard stand up , swine ... or you will have reason to blaspheme . mary be join by JOHN and magdalen . they enter the loggia , stop at the sight of jesus lie motionless in the pool of blood , surround by the Temple guard . magdalen 's face harden at the sight , and she hug the bundle of linen to she chest . ( continued ) hoe 54 . continued : ( 2 ) the Temple Guards continue to shout at jesus , but they stop when mary and magdalen deliberately walk up between they and jesus . the two woman stand and simply stare at the Guards . JOHN join they , kneel by jesus , help him to get to his foot and , turn to one of the Guards : JOHN cover he nakedness . just then caiphas reappear at the entrance to the enclosure . with he be the brutish guard who lead the Guards in they first attempt to kill jesus outside of herod 's Palace . he carry a tear and dirty scarlet cloak which he roughly drape over jesus raw shoulder . brutish guard allright , let 's go , you majesty . we do not want to be late for we audience with the Roman Governor ... they quickly march jesus off , bent like a old man . caiphas wait , and withdraw last , casting a look of scorn on JOHN , mary and magdalen . the flagellation loggia be empty , all of a sudden . mary , JOHN and magdalen turn to the pool of jesus 's blood . CUT to : ext . pilater palace . morning . the guard be force to move slowly , as jesus be clearly exhaust and in serious pain . as they march , the brutish guard in command be playfully weaving a sort of braid with branch of thornbush . when he be do he stop the group , walk up to jesus and with mock solemnity jam the crown of thorns onto his head . the thorns be all place so that they deeply gouge he skull , one of they drive clean through a eyelid . dark blood run out of the fresh wound . the brutish guard then thrust a large reed into jesus 's hand , kneel before he and wave the procession forward brutish guard hail , King of the Jews . General laughter , caiphas study jesus with detach , scornful interest . CUT to : 55 . int . praetorium . pilater palace . midday . pilate step out onto the platform once more , just as jesus , in his scarlet cloak , wearing the crown of thorns and hold the reed in his hand , be bring in and be force up the step onto the platform . below , the praetorium fill up once more . pilate cannot take he eye off jesus ~ appal by what have be do to him . as jesus reach the platform , pilate move toward him and , with gentleness , even fear , turn him around to face the rabble below , as the full extent of the damage do to jesus become obvious , silence descend on the praetorium . jesus lift his head , cover with the crown of thorns . his eye briefly meet pilate 's . pilate ecce homo , behold the man . caiphas ( loud ) - if you release he , excellency , you be not caesar 's friend . he have make himself king , he be a enemy of caesar ... it be you duty to crucify he . the crowd echoes the word of caiphas , filling the praetcorium with a great din . agitate now , pilate point to jesus , pilate ( shout ) be you not content ? look at he . if this man once think he be king of the Jews , I be sure he no longer do . caiphas he make himself the son of god. crucify he . another eruption of shout '' crucify he '' from the crowd startles and intimidate pilate . he turn to jesus and , over the din below : pilate speak to I . I have the power to crucify you , or else to set you free . ( continued ) 56 . continued : jesus slowly , painfully lift his batter face to pilate , his voice be remarkably strong . jesus you have no power over I , pilate be mystify . jesus ( cont would ) but they who deliver I to you have the great sin . pilate turn to the infuriate crowd of pharisees in the praetorium , then back to jesus , he finally signal to one of the roman guard to bring he a basin of water . this be place between he and jesus . jesus leok at the clear water : , fade to black : the black fade to white : int . last supper room . night . jesus stand at a long table , between JOHN and peter . the rest of his apostle sit on either side of JOHN and peter . Ali watch as he uncover a chalice , place it on the table before him , lift a round plate and place this over the shelf . he bless the bread and oil which sit in small vase next to the chalice and turn to peter , peter pour some wine into the chalice , which jesus bless by raise it up with both hand . first jesus turn to peter who pour water on his hand , then to JOHN , who follow suit . they gesture be both impose and mysterious . CUT to : int . pilater palace . day . pilate dip he hand in the water as he face the mob below the platform . they quiet down as he dramatically wash he hand before they and cry out : pilate TI have say I find no cause in he . you take he . you crucify he . I be innocent of the blood of this man . ( continued ) 57 . continued : caiphas May he blood be upon we , then , and upon we child . pandemonium . caiphas and annas turn to the Temple guard and shout in there ear over the tumult . the brutish guard point to pilate . they look up . pilate be inscribing something on a flat wooden board . when he be finish he hand the board to a roman guard who deliver it to caiphas . caiphas read , then turn angrily to pilate : pilate place it on the cross for all to read . caiphas king of the jews ? he be not King of the Jews , Governor ! pilate wait for some quiet , then , with contempt and authority : pilate what I have write I have write . pilate exit , so eager to get away that he fail to see claudia near the exit , eye fix on the bent , nearly crush , bleed figure of jesus . galvanize by the howling mob , the temple guard rush up the stair , take hold of jesus and force him down the stair , stumbling and trip . at the foot of the stair he be meet by the brutish guard . the smile be sadistic , ominous . fade out : ext . pilater palace gate . day . mary , JOHN and magdalen be be shove around by the excited mob emerge from the roman governor 's forum . the energy of the mob be hot , unfocus , primitive ... fill with animal anticipation . roman soldier , in formation , try to keep the people away from a clearing just outside the OPEN gate . the crowd noise be loud , unrelenting . ( continued ) 58 . continued : blare of trumpet . horsehoove on cobblestone , pilate emerge from the gate riding a stallion . he be follow by a dozen roman cavalry officer . magdalen be the first to see the executioner emerge from the gate directly behind the horseman . they be a different , savage - look lot of man . they carry with they the tool of they occupation , loosely in they hand : long sharp nail , rope wrapped around there shoulder , large hammer , other wood~ - work tool . magdalen 's eye follow the scruffy band , then , wide - eye with panic , turn once more to the gate . two bruise and batter men ( dismas and gesmas ) emerge . they arm be tied to stubby log of wood . a new terror now enter into magdalen 's eye . she see the same realization in both mary 's and JOHN 's expression . Wild -ey now , near panic , magdalen scan the face and movement all around she , then freeze . two men bring out a long , well - trim log and deposit it on the ground , at the center of the clear area . pilate and he horsemen watch , along with the rest of the crowd . then he turn he horse to face the gate . from behind magdalen , caiphas and annas push past , approach pilate and point to the soldier carry the wooden sign on which king of the jews be inscribe , caiphas excellency , you must not allow that sign to be ... pilate ( interrupt ) it be the accusation I choose to heed . cai phas but it be not the reason he. , . pilate ( interrupt again , harshly ) you law be not my law . I have tell you what I think . he spur he mount . the horse stamp he foot on the cobblestone and caiphas back away , angry and fearful . the crowd be tense as it nervously await the appearance of jesus , ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 2 ) pilate 's eye scan the crowd and settle on magdalen as she break away from the rest and rush toward he mount . the horse be momentarily spook . magdalen rush past JOHN and mary , throw herself on the ground before pilate , cry out as she point at caiphas magdalen do not let they , I beseech you do not let they crucify a holy man ! her cry have now seriously spook pilate 's horse , who buck , raise he front leg and dangerously kick the air . JOHN rush in , literally lift magdalen to she foot and carry she out of the way of the horse 's hoof . magdalen 's cry be loud , unconsolable . pilate be shaken by the confrontation with magdalen . his eye turn to mary , next to magdalen and JOHN , but she have now focus on jesus as he emerge from the forum , dress in he own clothes again . he come to a stop directly in front of the log , fall to his knee , open his arm and embrace the wood . dismas and gesmas watch , along with everyone else . gesmas why do you hug you cross , fool ? there ... hug they ! they be the one who can save you ... the Roman ! dismas look at gesmas with reproach , but gesmas grin back with scornful malice . jesus slowly , painfully rise to his foot . the temple guard now once again tie him up with chain and rope , the same as when they first arrest him . he be then forced to his knee , the log be place on he shoulder . magdalen wail . she be the only one who always let the full force of she despair express itself . pilate signal the roman horsemen . a trumpet be sounded and they move off , at the head of the ghoulish procession the brutish guard who make the Crown of thorns , stand over jesus and shout : brutish guard rise up , you highness . mumbling psalm will not help you now . rise and set off . ( continued ) soe 60 . continued : ( 3 ) jesus try , but the full weight of the log on his shoulder be too much for him . the brutish guard wave a couple of he man over . they grab hold of jesus under his arm as well as the log . tremble with pain and exhaustion , jesus now lift himself to his foot . the weight of the wood be crush . he support the log on his right shoulder , help himself with his right arm . the cord fastened to the the belt around his waist be hold by temple guard both in front of him and behind . roman foot -soldier line the street and prevent the crowd from approach the three condemned men . the street and rooftop , however , be dense with curious man , woman and child . many shout indecipherably as jesus pass in front of they , other watch silently . the slow , painful procession , under the heat of the sun , now approach a aqueduct under which the roadway be in very poor shape . at the center of the road be a hollow filled with dirty water , jesus reach the hollow , exhaust , and fall , he face slamm onto a rock . the log tumble to the ground . the fury and sadism of the Temple guard redouble . they shout and kick jesus , who remain momentarily motionless . then , in the middle of the violent display by the guard , jesus slowly reach out a arm in a gesture that ask for help . no one do . he lift his head and look up at the bright SUN , directly overhead . fade to white : ext . garden in jerusalem . day . blind sunlight . simon of cyrene 's face be drench with sweat . his child be seat in a shady area , watch he work . he wipe he face with a cloth , look at the tool he be hold , put it down with precision beside the rest of he tool , and walk toward he child . once there , he pick up a cup and dip it into a large bucket seat on the edge of a well , he drink and look at the child . they be unusually solemn . simon of cyrene it 's time to go home . the child hop off the ledge . cuUT to : 61 . ext . road to golgotha . day . jesus be back on his knee . the log lie beside him and two of the guard have take hold of it by each end . the brutish guard approach and jam the crown of thorns back onto jesus 's head as the log be place back on his shoulder so that he be force to move his head to the side , away from the wood , he stagger to his foot . the blood from he flagellation wound have begin to filter through his clothes . CUT to ; ext . STREET of jerusalem . day . mary and JOHN walk at the head of the group of woman , among whom magdalen , whose cry have be replace with tightlipped silence . mary crumple to the ground , as though the weight of the cross have be place on she shoulder . mary John ... JOHN we must hurry , Mary ... we must hurry . mary struggle to she foot , trip on she garment , stand up again , pale , distraught yet determine . she follow JOHN down a narrow street toward a build set along the wider street . people have already gather on the edge of the road , and there be a tumult of voice approach . JOHN knock three time on a door . a servant open it . mary , JOHN , magdalen and the rest of the woman step into the doorway . the approach procession be get louder mary John ... I do not know if I have the strength to remain ... JOHN look at she with deep concern . JOHN {ever so gently ) he be almost here , Mary . they be come this way . ( continued ) 62 . continued : mary I do not know if I have the strength to support such a sight , John . if I should not .. go away now . JOHN peer at the street , steeply wind its way upward . JOHN if you do not stay and see he pass , you will grieve all the more later . pilate and the horsemen pass now , follow by the two thieve , dismas and gesmas , carry they cross . mary search past dismas and gesmas and see jesus . she bring she hand together and become utterly still . jesus look as if he be sinking beneath the weight of his cross . his head droops away from the wood , bleed continuously from the long thorns sink in his skull and forehead . despite his desperate condition , he manage to cast a side glance at mary as he stagger past she . mary ( whisper ) my son ... jesus lose he foot for the secend time and fall to his knee . mary impulsively rush past the distract guard , throws herself at his foot , embrace his bleed leg . the roman soldier look on , embarrassed . roman soldier who be that brave woman ? second roman soldier she be the galilean 's mother . two of the roman soldier step forward , push away the temple guard who be shout at mary and lead mary back to JOHN and magdalen . the crowd around the roman soldier , temple guard and the three condemned men have become boisterous , despite the many face among they who look on in silence . jesus manage to get back on his foot , although his back be now bent like that of a old man . the blood stream from the crown of thorns be now blind him as it drip into his eye , ( continued ) pas 63 . continued : ( 2 ) mary , JOHN and magdalen remain in the doorway until the procession have move on . cur to : ext . eastern wall of jerusalem . STREET . day . simon of cyrene and he three child be walk toward a wider STREET . they hesitate for a moment when they see the crowd of people ahead . pilate appear lead the roman horsemen . simon 's child , excite by the sight of the horse and uniform run ahead of simon and push through the crowd . the child stop abruptly as they see what be in reality happen . they eye widen in horror . carry the heavy log on his bent shoulder , his head cover with blood , jesus stumble . the log slide off his shoulder once again and jesus fall a third time . it be at this moment that simon manage to get past the dense , jeering crowd lining the street , in pursuit of he child , who stand next to where jesus have fall , stare at him in bewilder silence . simon take in the horrific scene : the guard - dismas and gesmas - jesus on the ground near where he stand , brutish guard on he foot , damn you all ! get he back on he foot . roman soldier be you blind ? do not you see the man cannot continue like this ? he 'il die before you ever get he to golgotha . the brutish guard scan the face , try to gauge what he can get away with . a second guard mutter to he : second guard the Roman be right , look at he ! maybe we should get someone else to carry he cross . the brutish guard 's eye have just fall on simon of cyrene , large , broad - shoulder , reach out to take the hand of he two young child . brutish guard you ! ( continued ) see 64 . continued : simon lift he head as the people around he move away . he now find himself isolate from the rest , he and he child . he look back at the brutish guard : brutish guard ( cont 's d ) ( brusque ) yes , you ! come here , I say . simon 's child look up at he . the youngest start to cry . simon pull he close as he approach the guard . simon of cyrene what do you want from I ? brutish guard this blasphemer have be condemn to be crucify , but he 's no longer able to carry he cross . you will carry it for he , now let 's get move . simon look at the log , then at jesus , who have lift his head , slowly , painfully , to look at simon . simon of cyrene no , I be sorry , but I can not do what you ask . this be none of my business . you 'il have to find someone else ... the child , all cry now , clutch at simon 's clothes . the brutish guard look at they , indifferently , shrug and interrupt simon , threateningly . brutish guard I be not ask for you help . I be order you to pick up that cross . now let 's go . jesus 's blood - drench eye meet simon 's , then turn on the frighten child hang onto simon 's cloak , they grip on simon 's clothes loosen . simon of cyrene allright . ( raise he voice for all to hear ) but remember , all of you , that I have not be condemn ... that I , a innocent man , have be ask to carry the cross of one who be condemn . he turn to the child , who be still look at jesus . simon of cyrene ( cont have ) stay here and wait for I . ( continued ) 65 . continued : ( 2 ) a woman step forward and place she hand on the child 's shoulder , comfortingly . there be little strength leave in jesus , yet he look at simon with gratitude before he be drag forward again . simon lift the log to he shoulder and follow . cur to : int . house on road to golgotha . day . the noise of horsehoove on stone , and that of the crowd outside , drift in from a open window into a bare room . in the room a tall , beautiful woman of noble bear ( {seraphia , aka veronica ) be pour some wine into a goblet . by she side be a young girl , as soon as the goblet be fill , seraphia also pick up a fine linen veil . the veil in one hand and the goblet in the other , she open the door and exit . CUT to : ext , road to golgotha . day . the procession of roman soldier , temple guard , dismas , gesmas and jesus , with simon of cyrene struggle to follow be practically at seraphia 's door . the roman soldier be too distract to notice seraphia as she majestically stride toward jesus . by the time they notice the tall woman and the girl , seraphia have knelt down in front of jesus . she hand the goblet to the girl and reach up to his face with the veil : seraphia permit I , my Lord . jesus tremblingly take the veil in he hand and place it over his face . this remove some of the blood , sweat and grime . he hand the veil back to she . by now the guard as well as the soldier have take note of what 's happen . the brutish temple guard step back toward jesus just as the girl try to hand jesus the goblet of wine . he knock the goblet out of she hand onto the ground . simon watch , immobilize by the log on he back , ( continued ) 66 . continued : brutish guard who do you think you be , woman , that you can approach a condemn man like so ? get back to where you come from ! seraphia and the girl quickly retreat . the brutish guard then turn to jesus with open hatred and hit he with a long stick as he shout : brutish guard ( cont ' d) get along , MARCH ! move it ! jesus take a weak step forward , then slip and fall to his knee a FOURTH time . this triggers a burst of rage in the guard , who lash out at jesus with he stick . the other guard be galvanize by he ferocity and so fail to hear the heavy thud of the log as it fall to the ground , off simon of cyrene 's shoulder . simon stride up to the brutish guard , grab the stick out of he hand as he be about to strike jesus again , break it in half over he knee and throws it away . simon of cyrene stop it ! the brutish guard and he man freeze , stunne . simon glance at jesus , whose batter face be once again cover with blood , and whose entire body trembles continuously . simon 's FURY explode : simon of cyrene ( cont have ) if you do not stop torture this man I will not carry that cross one step further . I do not care what you do to I , I do not care if you kill I . Quick , angry glance between the man . brutish guard allright . allright . let 's move along . we do not have all day ... let 's go ! the road be steep . jesus move with agonizing difficulty . the wall of jerusalem be behind the procession as they wind they way upward , follow by the mob of people . cor to : ( continued ) 67 , continued : ( 2 ) ext . golgotha . day . at the top of Calvary , on the relatively flat execution ground ( golgotha ) , pilate and he horsemen watch the grim procession wind its way upward . pilate turn to the execution site , where man be still digging the pit into which the cross will be drop . pilate turn to the roman cavalry officer . pilate stay here . keep a eye on the Temple Guards and that priest . , , see that my order be fully comply with . before any of the horseman can answer he spur he mount . CUT to : ext . road to calvary . day . jesus stumble and fall a fifth time . he turn to look at the wall of jerusalem , now stretch out below where he have fall . behind him , simon struggle with the weight of the log . the SOUND of horsehoove . pilate appear over the rise and ride down the road toward the procession . he stop he horse when he reach jesus . he sit motionless and study jesus with obvious discomfort . he be a man very much in distress , nag by he conscience , pilate abruptly whip he mount into a gallop . we follow pilate 's crazy ride down the steep road toward the city , scatter man , woman and child as he go . only two cavalry officer make the ride back with he . jesus watch the escape of pilate , along with dismas and gesmas and simon of cyrene . fade out : ext . road to calvary . day . the rest of the roman horsemen now descend from golgotha , slowly , toward the procession . they take up staggered position along the road beside the roman footsoldiers . ( continued ) 68 . continued : the Temple Guards , under pressure now to accomplish they mission as quickly as possible , vent they discomfort on the condemn , first by whipping gesmas and dismas , then by turn they attention once more to jesus . CUT to : ext . golgotha execution ground , day . exhausted , jesus fall for the sixth time on this last stretch , it be a brutal fall . the guard be upon he like a swarm of bee , but he rise despite they brutal beating and take the last few step onto the plateau . simon , directly behind him and very nearly at the end of he own strength , watch jesus stagger onto the flat ground and fall to the ground . simon struggle mightily to drag the log the last few step onto highland , where he let it drop to the ground . simon of cyrene 's Pov : there be five roadway lead into the golgotha Plateau . from the most level of the roadway now appear the horse of caiphas , annas and other member of the sanhedrim . they enter the circular zone , dismount . the most crowded , and steepest , of the roadway be the road take by the executioner . the crowd of onlooker now stream onto the periphery of the execution ground . more people make they way onto the flat ground from the other road and form a circle around the execution area . workmen here still labour feverishly to prepare the pit into which the cross will be drop . the SOUND of metal as the executioner drop they tool to the ground : heavy hammer , long wide nail , rope . the brutish guard approach simon of cyrene . brutish guard go now . you be release . you do what be ask of you . go. the guard turn away from he , dismissively . simon ignore he . instead , he approach the prostrate figure of jesus , kneel beside him and study his tear , blood~ soak face . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 2 ) he then lift he face and watch the workmen as they tie , then nail arm onto the central log , and finish assembling the cross . jesus body begin to tremble . simon unfold a heavy woolen cloak he carry drape over he shoulder and wrap it around jesus 's shoulder . simon Pov : c.u. of the wound on jesus 's neck , the gouged skin on his scalp , the wet bloodstain cover all his clothes , the eye of jesus as they OPEN and watch he face . just then , shadow move between the two . simon turn to look . two roman horsemen . one of they ( abenadar ) watch simon . simon stand up . between the two horsemen , mary , JOHN and magdalen be step toward he , eye rivete on the figure of jesus . CUT to : ext . golgotha . day . caiphas , annas and two elder member of the sanhedrim inspect the central pit into which the cross will be fitte , it be on the highest ground on golgotha , behind a enormous boulder . caiphas look up at the sky , which be darken with swift ~ moving cloud . he turn to the guard , signal the brutish one to approach , CUT to : ext . golgotha . day . simon step away from jesus as mary , JOHN and magdalen approach . abenadar and the second roman horseman have unconsciously halt they mount in a way that make they appear as if they be here to guard mary , JOHN and magdalen . JOHN and magdalen be too focus on jesus to see anyone else , but mary raise she eye , recognize simon , slow and stop in front of he . no one have time to say anything because the brutish temple guard now step between magdalen and jesus . his eye glare at the figure on the ground . ( continued ) 70 . continued : brutish guard allright , you throne be ready , you majesty . plenty of time for rest after the ... coronation ceremony . guffaw from a number of the Guards and executioner . brutish guard ( cont no ) now get up ! no time to waste ! he try to make room for jesus by push back JOHN and magdalen from him . he look at they , irritate : brutish guard ( cont 's d) move back behind the soldier , both of you . no one be to be allow near the condemn from now on ... his eye drift to mary , to simon , they freeze on simon : brutish guard ( cont have ) what be you still do here ? I tell you leave . .. go home ! he move toward they , arm raise , but stop when arenadar spur he mount forward and rest he horsewhip , softly , on the man 's shoulder . abenadar no . the brutish guard look up at abenadar , frown . abenadar ( cont have ) you be in this man 's debt . jesus have open his eye . magdalen fall back to she knee beside him and start to wipe blood from his face . brutish guard ( cont 's d) we can not just let anyone wander in who want to look . they 'il get in the way . we have a job to do . jesus be struggle to get back to his foot . magdalen and JOHN help him . they clothes be cover with his blood . magdalen ( interrupt ) a job . you call what you have do to this holy man a job ? animal have more mercy than you do . barbarian . ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) the brutish guard glance at she . her thick mane of hair have come loose , she face be now wet with tear and she clothes be cover with jesus 's blood . brutish guard you shameless wench ... how dare you speak to I like so ? JOHN be the one who now step up and grab the man 's wrist as he be about to hit magdalen . JOHN no , please , I will take she away ... JOHN help magdalen move off . she struggle , tearfully . abenadar 's eye narrow as he study jesus , the he turn to mary and simon , the profound pain and sorrow etched on mary 's face seem to stab at he heart . when they , too , have move away : abenadar {to the brutish Guard , soft ) who be she ? that woman . .? brutish guard ( gruff , i11 - tempere ) the galilean 's mother . the brutish guard now push jesus back down to his knee next to the cross . the rest of the executioner be impatient , uncertain what they can get away with as long as abenadar keep close to the area , fade to white : int . house of nicodemus in jerusalem . last supper . night , a blazing , red hot oven . flat loave of unleavened bread be take from the oven , cover with linen . a low , narrow table ( shape like a horseshoe ) around which the apostle sit on the floor , six on each side of jesus . attendant approach through the inner part of the half - circle , carry the linen cover loave . jesus reach for the linen cover the loaf , and lift it off the bread . fade to present : es 72 . ext . golgotha . day . the cape which simon drape over jesus be pulled off he back by the brutish guard , who step back as jesus struggle to lie back on the cross . the crown of thorns get in the way which force him to keep his head at a unnatural angle . agony . the executioner move in like hungry animal . they first measure where the hand and foot of jesus will rest on the wood , then leave mark on the cross . fade to white : int . house of nicodemus in jerusalem . last supper . night . the mood around the table become solemn . jesus then reach for a plate on the table and place it over a chalice in front of him . he then pick up one of the loave of bread , place it on the plate , lock up and scan the face around the table . jesus you be my friend , and the great love a person can have for he friend be to give he life for they . Quick exchange of puzzle look among the apostle . JOHN look down at the loaf of bread on the plate in front of jesus . fade out : ext , golgotha . day . JOHN watch jesus try to stretch out on the cross as the executioner take they measurement . mary bury she face in JOHN 's 's chest . JOHN ''s eye fill with tear . simon have to physically hold back magdalen who then fall to she knee , numbe by she effort . magdalen 's Pov : jesus have both his arm stretch out on the arm of the cross . the executioner act as though his limb be that of a puppet . abenadar look gigantic on he horse , and impose . the brutish guard , by comparison , seem small and malicious as he shout down into jesus 's face . ( continued ) 73 . continued : brutish guard all right , you highness , we be almost ready . now get up ! on you foot ... the rough measurement take , he reach down and grasp jesus 's clothes and yank him to his foot . the executioner remove the rope still tie to jesus and try to pull his woolen garment over his head . the crown of thorns be in the way . the brutal guard step in and simply yank it off , cause fresh wound , then grab the garment and tear it over jesus 's head . he be now leave wear only his scapular and his loin cover . the scapular be make of wool . it have stuck to his raw , bleed flesh . the brutal guard rip it off . what be leave stand be the completely torn , skinless , blood ~ drenched body of jesus , shaking like a aspen . he start to falter . laughing heartlessly , the guard now jam the crown of thorns back on his head . nearly blind by the fresh blood pour onto his face and into he eye , jesus look around the execution ground . jesus 's Pov : the executioner , busily prepare the cross . the roman footsoldiers and horsemen . caiphas , annas and other elder , on the periphery of the execution ground , behind whom be crowded dozen and dozen of men , women and child . finally his bloosoaked , bruise and batter face stop search and focus on JOHN , mary and magdalen . they gaze at his ravage face with agonize expression . fade to white : int . house of nicodemus in jerusalem . last supper . night . JOHN lift he eye away from the loaf of bread in jesus 's hand and gaze at his face . in sharp contrast with the face we just see at golgotha it be a vigorous , supremely calm and solemn face . ( cont inued ) 74 , continued : jesus I shall not be with you much longer , my ' friend , and you can not go where I be go . my command to you after I be go be this : love one another . as I have love you ... so love one another . fade out : ext . golgotha . day . the brutish guard point to the ready cross . jesus slowly get to his knee and then once again struggle to lie down on the cross . the eager executioner surround him now , they tool at the ready . abenadar and the roman soldier watch with grow unease as the crowd of pharisee and sadducee suddenly burst into hateful , jeering shout . caiphas and annas and member of the sanhedrim look on , triumphant : the executioner tie down the right arm of jesus with a cord after dragging he right hand to where the hole have be drill in the wood beneath it . one of the man then hold the right hand OPEN while a second man place the end of one of the long thick nail onto he wrist and , with a heavy hammer , drive the nail into the flesh and through it , deeply into the wood . the long point of the nail emerge on the opposite side of the wood . jesus let out a deep , suppressed groan . blood gushes out of jesus 's palm , partly spraying the face of the executioner bang the nail through the hand . magdalen gasp , then scream . this be follow by a long passionate wail . mary stand up , she face manifest inexpressible pain . JOHN 's eye widen with horror . he bow he head . fade out : int . house of nicodemus . jerusalem . night . jesus reach down , pick up the loaf of bread off the plate before him , and break the bread in half . ( continued ) 75 . continued : we move in on the loaf , the strong hand holding it and finally the radiant face of jesus . jesus you believe in I and you know that I be the Way , the Truth and the Light ... fade out : ext . golgotha . day . jesus lift his head off the cross , in a spasm of agony as the blood - soaked executioner now stretch his left arm toward the marked hole which they earlier carve in the arm of the cross . curse and loud imprecation . the hole have be drill too far from where jesus 's wrist lie . the brutal temple guard stride up to they , knock they back and peer down at the arm of the cross . brutal temple guard idiot ! here , let I show you how it 's do ! like this ... he take hold af jesus 's hand and wrist and pull with all he strength until the elbow socket come loose with a pop , then the shoulder socket of the arm also come loose brutal temple guard ( cont have ) ( grunt with effort ) there ! now get in there , hold the hand OPEN , no ... not like that ! like 50 , you idiot ! yes ! there ! now !... the executioner he 's address bang the nail into place through jesus 's wrist , into the arm of the cross . jesus 's legs twist , contract and shake uncontrollably . his groan become a long cry of agony . fade to white : int . house of nicodemus . jerusalem . night . the face of jesus be suffuse with brilliance as he again break the loaf of bread . jesus remember , I will do whatever you ask for in my name , so that the Father 's glory will be show through his Son . ( cont tinued ) 76 . continued : he hold the bread up with both hand , as if he be offer it in sacrifice . the face of the apostle be rivete on his gesture , JOHN 's on the bread . fade out : ext . golgotha . day . JOHN 's tremble face as he watch the executionbr tif the arm and chest of jesus to the cross . they then take hold of he contracted legs and pull he feet down the length of the cross and tie they together , hold one foot over the other . the violence and tension of these action be compound by the skinless condition of his leg as they , too , be pulled out of joint : jesus my God , my God ... a much longer nail than the other be now banged through both of his foot . each hammer blow match a increase in the cacophony surround the execution ground . fade to white : int . house of nicodemus . jerusalem . night . jesus lower his hand and put the piece of bread back in the plate which he place over the chalice . the brilliance which envelop jesus flow from his finger into the bread he now break into bite ~ size morcel . jesus I be in the Father , and the Father be in I . I say this to you now ; whoever receive I receive him who send I , JOHN 's eye be focus with reverence on the plate . as jesus finish break the bread , he pick up the plate with one hand , one of the bread morcel with the other . turn to JOHN : jesus ( cont have ) take this and eat . this be my body , which be give for you . as JOHN take the bread and eat it , he be infused with the same brilliance which surround the figure of jesus . fade out : 77 . ext . golgotha . day . JOHN be freeze into place , stand next to mary . they both seem incapable of draw breath . simon 's eye have fill with tear . magdalen , on she hand and knee , now move toward the cross to which jesus be nail , lie on the ground and surround by the executioner . no one seem to notice she as she approach , except abenadar , who do not stop she , but point she out to one of the footsoldiers . abanadar himself be mesmerize by the grunt , sweaty , blood - soak executioner . he be distract by movement . caiphas , annas and some cf the elder approach the cross , they stand over the stretch and agonizing figure of jesus , ignore the groan of dismas and gesmas nearby . a roman soldier be prepare to nail the wooden board to the cross , on which pilate inscribed '' king of the jews '' . caiphas signal annas , who reach into a satchel he wear around he neck , and produce a small bag . the ring of silver catch the roman soldier 's attention . annas for you . in exchange for ... that ( nod at the board ) abenadar have spur he mount and approach silently . abenadar sargent ! you have you order ... the sargent nail the board onto the top of the cross , then run back to the periphery of the execution ground . abenadar ( cont have ) ( look at annas and caiphas ) you ... all of you , get back to where you be , behind the guard . no one be allow here without dispensation . .go . offended , and try to look dignify , they retreat . on he way , caiphas nod secretly to the brutish guard . the executioner have all notice magdalen as she have come to a stop near the cross . she ignore they , the soldier , even abenadar on he tall mount . her eye be fixate on jesus , nail and tie down to the cross . ( continued ) 78 . continued : magdalen Pov : detail of the crucifixion . they be jumpy , sometimes in focus , other time not : the crown of thorns , the blood drip from his head onto the wood of the cross , the movement of he finger beyond the hand immobilize by the nail , the tremble of his knee , back to the nail ... the point of the nail which have be hammered in , through and out the opposite side of the wood . magdalen have revert to primordial sound , but this abruptly stop as she scan the wood under the cross . she lift she eye to the agonizing figure of jesus lie flat on the wood . her head shake in silent disbelief . the brutish Temple guard be focus again on the cross . he see magdalen peer underneath the wood . he look . his face widen with sadistic anticipation . he lock at the executioner , who have start to put away they tool . he hit they , push they toward the cross : brutish guard look , you monkey ! no ... under there ! see anything ? do you see that ? he crouch , point , touch the point of one of the nail , stick out by six inch . brutish guard ( cont have ) turn it on its face , imbecile ! nail they down flat , damn you all , or he majesty 's 1l drop off the minute we plant this tree ! up and over ..! the man take hold of one whole side of the cross and heave it upward until it teeters perilously on its side . there be a minute of suspend motion , then the cross slowly drop on its face . as it fall , threatening to crush jesus under its weight , time slow down . magdalen cover she face with she hand . abenadar try to control he mount , which have raise itself on its hind leg and be back away , snort and shaking its head . mary and JOHN rush forward , eye wide with horror . the roman footsoldiers all turn to look as the crowd gasp in unison . ( continued ) C 79 . continued : ( 2 ) caiphas , annas and the member of the sanhedrim have go still as they watch the cross collapse onto jesus . even dismas and gesmas , suffer though they be on there cross , watch with forebode . the noise of the wood crashing onto ground be tremendous , a cloud of dust . silence . fade to black : ext , golgotha . day . darkness gradually enlarge to light . the silence be break by the metallic SOUND of hammer on iron . then the picture of the upside - down cross , the point of the nail bend under rhythmic hammer - blow . magdalen 's tear - fill eye blink with each impact . she have not move from where she be when the cross go over . now she lower herself to the ground and look . magdalen 's Pov : the cross be solidly upside down , yet no part of jesus touch the ground underneath it . magdalen raise she head , look at the face of the executioner , then at the brutish Temple guard , at abenadar , the soldier ... no one have see what she have . mary and JOHN , through a fog . now visible , now go . they have not move a muscle . they have not see it either . magdalen lower she head to the ground , and again look . jesus hover above the ground , in a space which be not there until he occupied it . magdalen 's eye close . the hammering stop . a cacophony of shout and jeer errupt from the crowd , punctuate by sadistic laughter . brutish guard ( 0s ) get the rope ready . there . no ... not the arm , you blather fool ... the trunk ! that 's it . magdalen lift she face , glare at the brutish guard . brutish guard ( cont have ) now straighten it . quickly . we do not want he majesty to die ..- not yet ... not here ... ( continued ) 80 . continued : the sweaty , grumble executioner take up the arm they use to turn the cross over , and lift it up once again . the brutish guard look worried as he peer at jesus , whose body dangle awkwardly and in terrible agony . brutish guard ( cont have ) on its back . quickly . let go ... now ! the cross crash to the ground , right side up . the executioner rush forward , tie rope to the arm of the cross then haul this to a beam fix to the ground at the hole on the high point of the plateau . brutish guard ( cont have ) move the foot toward the beam , .. AIM it , you simpleton ! that 's it ! now pull , all of you ! the executioner pull the rope , grunt rhythmically , the cross start to lift . two of the man wrap a thick rope around the foot of the trunk , to prevent it from slide in sideways , slowly the cross continue to rise up over golgotha , then , with one last heave by the man , the cross drop into the hole prepare for its reception . a great SHOCK . the entire body of jesus be stretched off the nail and rope , and the wound on he hand and foot tear open . jesus cry out . all SOUND cease . then a long , low rumble of thunder . the full extent of the torture jesus have endure be now visible for all to see . there be so little flesh left on he body , so little movement that he appear to be dead , he head lowered to he RAW chest . only the continuous flow of blood indicate that he be still alive . the executioner now back away from the cross . mary and JOHN , follow by simon and magdalen , slowly approach the cross of jesus . abenadar watch they step forward with dignity . he climb off he horse , eye glue to the bleed figure of jesus . JOHN be first to reach the cross , and look up . fade to white : 81. int . house of nicodemus . jerusalem , night . the apostle watch in silence as , still suffuse with brightness , jesus put down the plate on which he have place the morcel of bread . he pick up the chalice on which the plate have rest , and turn to peter . peter pour wine into the chalice . it be a deep red wine and , as it flow into the chalice , it be suffuse with the radiant light come from jesus . when the chalice be full , he lift it over his head with both hand . jesus T will not drink again of the fruit of the vine until that day when I shall drink again with you in the kingdom of my Father . jesus lower the chalice , take a small sip of wine and hand the chalice to JOHN . jesus ( cont would ) take and drink ; this be my blood which be give for you . JOHN look at the wine inside the chalice , then again at the resplendent face of jesus . jesus ( cont have ) do this in memory of I . cuT to : ext . golgotha . day . the blood of jesus be running along his tear limb and down the length of the cross to the ground . JOHN 's eye follow the flow and fill with fresh tear . mary stand next to he , she eye lift to the face of she Son . her eye be open and dry . they meet his with a love and a dignity only match by his own . a nearby laugh , low and fill with malevolent scorn : gesmas if you be the son of God , Jesus of Nazareth , why do not you save yourself ? climb dewn off that cross ... prove to we that you be who you say you be , jesus slowly turn his eye away from that of mary . ( continued ) 82 . continued : gesmas scan the gather witness , particularly to caiphas , annas and the rest of the member of the sanhedrim and , gritting he tooth , growl derisively : gesmas ( cont have ) ha ! I tell you , the demon this fool be possess by be about to leave he . caiphas approach and look up arrogantly at jesus . caiphas you say you could destroy the Temple and rebuild it in three day ... and yet you can not come down , off that cross . he turn and face the crowd of witness : caiphas ( cont have ) if he be the Christ , the King of Israel , I say let he come down from the cross , that we may see and believe this be meet by derisive laughter by many in the crowd . caiphas laugh , start to walk away . jesus lift his head upward and in a low voice : jesus Father , forgive they , for they know not what they do . caiphas stop dead in he track , a astonished look on he face . he turn , look at jesus on the cross . dismas , who have watch the performance of gesmas and caiphas with distaste , now speak out : dismas listen to he . he be praying for you . he be truly a prophet I say to you , a king , the son of God . this cause the jeer to commence again , though less noisily , more hesitant . caiphas spit at dismas , then withdraw again to the margin of the execution ground . dismas then turn to gesmas : dismas ( cont have ) how can you speak the way you do ? we deserve this , gesmas , but he do not . he have do no evil ! ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 2 ) dismas then burst into tear of pain and guilt : dismas ( cont would ) I have sin , Jesus , and I be be justly punish . condemn I , go ahead . you would be justified ... jesus turn to dismas who , in agony , be hyperventilate with pain . he be die , eye turn to jesus . dismas ( cont have ) T ask only that you remember I , Lord , when you enter you kingdom . jesus amen , I tell you , on this day you shall be with I in paradise . dismas become rigid . Air rattles out of he mouth . slowly he feature relax and he slump down . gesmas roar with demonic laughter . his malice be what seem to keep he alive . jesus turn to mary and JOHN , magdalen , simon and abenadar who have join they at the foot of the cross . mary and JOHN reach out and touch the feet of jesus . jesus be breathe with difficulty . he try to speak again , but his lip be so parched that a moment pass before the word can form : jesus ( cont have ) I thirst . beat . jesus ( cont have ) could you not have give I a little water ? JOHN turn , mortify , to mary . then again at jesus : JOHN ( whisper ) we do not think , Lord ... one of the roman soldier nearby pour some liquid into a sponge and approach the cross . abenadar stop he : ( continued ) ad 84 , continued : ( 3 ) abenadar no , do not mix vinegar with gall . give he only vinegar . it will give he some relief ... the soldier squeeze out the liquid , refill the sponge with vinegar , place the sponge on a long reed and lift it to the mouth of jesus , who drink from it . mary 's face look as if it might suffer fracture . mary ( whisper ) oh Jesus , let I die with you ... flesh of my flesh bone of my bone , heart of my heart ... jesus transfix she with his eye , then he look at JOHN jesus woman , behold , he be you son , from JOHN he turn again to mary : jesus ( cont / have ) John , behold , she be you mother . mary be overcome , she break into breathless sob . JOHN help she step away from the cross . abenadar take the elbow of magdalen and simon and guide they away from the cross , follow JOHN and mary . a eerie silence have fall on the scene of crucifixion . gesmas turn to jesus and laugh . gesmas see they ? they be run away ... abandon you . you be alone . there be no one leave . no one . jesus lift he eye to the darkness enfold golgotha . his eye fill with tear , which mingle with the blood pour down his cheek . suddenly , in the heavy silence , with a violent spasm of his torture body , he shout in a clear , powerful voice : jesus eloi , eloi , lamma sabacthani ? ( my God , my God , why have you forsaken I ? ) ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 4 ) mary hear the cry of jesus , she spin around to look at the cross , which stand out against a dark silver sky , slip away from JOHN 's sustain hand and run back . mary be now the only one near the cross . her suffer be so much a part of jesus 's own , and she knowledge of the moment a mysterious part of what be take place that the rest of the man and woman on golgotha do not interfere . jesus 's eye be close . his tear , mix with the blood of his passion , roll off his cheek to the ground . jesus 's eye open and he sees mary . there be a silent moment of transcendental understanding in each of they expression , of anticipation , pain and relief . then : jesus ( cont would ) ( softly ) it be accomplish . the only light now seem to emanate from jesus 's face . mary , alone , now witness jesus as he slowly raise his head to the silver~ dark heaven and in a strong voice . jesus ( cont would ) Father , into thy hand ... I commend ... my spirit . jesus slowly lower his head and exhales . a great stillness pehrvade the darkness which have descend on golgotha , and a great silence . fade to white :