the seventh seal the night have bring little relief from the heat , and at dawn a hot gust of wind blow across the colorless sea . the knight , antonius block , lie prostrate on some spruce branch spread over the fine sand . his eye be wide - open and bloodshot from lack of sleep . nearby he squire jon be snore loudly . he have fall asleep where he collapse , at the edge of the forest among the wind - gnarled fir tree . his open mouth gape towards the dawn , and unearthly sound come from he throat . at the sudden gust of wind , the horse stir , stretch they parched muzzle towards the sea . they be as thin and wear as they master . the knight have rise and wade into the shallow water , where he rinse he sunburn face and blister lip . jon roll over to face the forest and the darkness . he moan in he sleep and vigorously scratch the stubble hair on he head . a scar stretch diagonally across he scalp , as white as lightning against the grime . the knight return to the beach and fall on he knee . with he eye close and brow furrow , he say he morning prayer . his hand be clench together and he lip form the word silently . his face be sad and bitter . he open he eye and stare directly into the morning sun which wallow up from the misty sea like some bloat , die fish . the sky be gray and immobile , a dome of lead . a cloud hang mute and dark over the western horizon . High up , barely visible , a seagull float on motionless wing . its cry be weird and restless . the knight be large gray horse lift its head and whinny . antonius block turn around . behind he stand a man in black . his face be very pale and he keep he hand hide in the wide fold of he cloak . knight who be you ? death I be death . knight have you come for I ? death I have be walk by you side for a long time . knight that I know . death be you prepare ? knight my body be frighten , but I be not . death well , there be no shame in that . the knight have rise to he foot . he shiver . death open he cloak to place it around the knight be shoulder . knight wait a moment . death that 's what they all say . I grant no reprieve . knight you play chess , do not you ? a gleam of interest kindle in death be eye . death how do you know that ? knight I have see it in painting and hear it sung in ballad . death yes , in fact I be quite a good chess player . knight but you can not be better than I be . the knight rummages in the big black bag which he keep beside he and take out a small chessboard . he place it carefully on the ground and begin set up the piece . death why do you want to play chess with I ? knight I have my reason . death that be you privilege . knight the condition be that I may live as long as I hold out against you . if I win , you will release I . be it agree ? the knight hold out he two fist to death , who smile at he suddenly . death point to one of the knight be hand ; it contain a black pawn . knight you draw black ! death very appropriate . do not you think so ? the knight and death bend over the chessboard . after a moment of hesitation , antonius block open with he king 's pawn . death move , also use he king 's pawn . the morning breeze have die down . the restless movement of the sea have cease , the water be silent . the sun rise from the haze and its glow whiten . the sea gull float under the dark cloud , freeze in space . the day be already scorchingly hot . the squire jon be awaken by a kick in the rear . open he eye , he grunt like a pig and yawn broadly . he scramble to he foot , saddle he horse and pick up the heavy pack . the knight slowly ride away from the sea , into the forest near the beach and up towards the road . he pretend not to hear the morning prayer of he squire . jon soon overtake he . jon ( sing ) between a strumpet 's leg to lie be the life for which I sigh . he stop and look at he master , but the knight have not hear jon be song , or he pretend that he have not . to give further vent to he irritation , jon sing even louder . jon ( sing ) up above be God almighty so very far away , but you brother the Devil you will meet on every level . jon finally get the knight be attention . he stop sing . the knight , he horse , jon be own horse and jon himself know all the song by heart . the long , dusty journey from the Holy land have not make they any cleaner . they ride across a mossy heath which stretch towards the horizon . Beyond it , the sea lie shimmer in the white glitter of the sun . jon in f‰rjestad everyone be talk about evil omen and other horrible thing . two horse have eat each other in the night , and , in the churchyard , grave have be open and the remain of corpse scattered all over the place . yesterday afternoon there be as many as four sun in the heaven . the knight do not answer . Close by , a scrawny dog be whining , crawl towards its master , who be sleep in a sit position in the blaze hot sun . a black cloud of fly cluster around he head and shoulder . the miserable - look dog whine incessantly as it lie flat on its stomach , wag its tail . jon dismount and approach the sleep man . jon address he politely . when he do not receive a answer , he walk up to the man in order to shake he awake . he bend over the sleep man 's shoulder , but quickly pull back he hand . the man fall backward on the heath , he face turn towards jon . it be a corpse , stare at jon with empty eye socket and white tooth . jon remount and overtake he master . he take a drink from he waterskin and hand the bag to the knight . knight well , do he show you the way ? jon not exactly . knight what do he say ? jon nothing . knight be he a mute ? jon no , sir , I would not say that . as a matter of fact , he be quite eloquent . knight oh ? jon he be eloquent , all right . the trouble be that what he have to say be most depress . ( sing ) one moment you be bright and lively , the next you be crawl with worm . fate be a terrible villain and you , my friend , its poor victim . knight must you sing ? jon no . the knight hand he squire a piece of bread , which keep he quiet for a while . the sun burn down on they cruelly , and bead of perspiration trickle down they face . there be a cloud of dust around the horse ' hoof . they ride past a inlet and along verdant grove . in the shade of some large tree stand a bulg wagon cover with a mottle canvas . a horse whinny nearby and be answer by the knight be horse . the two traveler do not stop to rest under the shade of the tree but continue riding until they disappear at the bend of the road . in he sleep , jof the juggler hear the neigh of he horse and the answer from a distance . he try to go on sleep , but it be stifling inside the wagon . the ray of the sun filter through the canvas cast streak of light across the face of jof' wife , mia , and they one - year - old son , mikael , who be sleep deeply and peacefully . near they , jonas skat , a older man , snore loudly . jof crawl out of the wagon . there be still a spot of shade under the big tree . he take a drink of water , gargle , stretch and talk to he scrawny old horse . jof good morning . have you have breakfast ? I can not eat grass , worse luck . can not you teach I how ? we be a little hard up . people be not very interested in juggling in this part of the country . he have pick up the juggling ball and slowly begin to toss they . then he stand on he head and cackle like a hen . suddenly he stop and sit down with a look of utter astonishment on he face . the wind cause the tree to sway slightly . the leave stir and there be a soft murmur . the flower and the grass bend gracefully , and somewhere a bird raise its voice in a long warble . jof be face break into a smile and he eye fill with tear . with a daze expression he sit flat on he behind while the grass rustle softly , and bee and butterfly hum around he head . the unseen bird continue to sing . suddenly the breeze stop blow , the bird stop sing , jof be smile fade , the flower and grass will in the heat . the old horse be still walk around graze and swish its tail to ward off the fly . jof come to life . he rush into the wagon and shake mia awake . jof Mia , wake up . wake up ! Mia , I have just see something . I have get to tell you about it ! mia ( sit up , terrify ) what be it ? what 's happen ? jof listen , I have have a vision . no , it be not a vision . it be real , absolutely real . mia oh , so you have have a vision again ! mia 's voice be fill with gentle irony . jof shake he head and grab she by the shoulder . jof but I do see she ! mia whom do you see ? jof the virgin Mary . mia can not help be impressed by she husband 's fervor . she lower she voice . mia do you really see she ? jof she be so close to I that I could have touch she . she have a golden crown on she head and wear a blue gown with flower of gold . she be barefoot and have small brown hand with which she be hold the child and teach him to walk . and then she see I watch she and she smile at I . my eye fill with tear and when I wipe they away , she have disappear . and everything become so still in the sky and on the earth . can you understand ... mia what a imagination you have . jof you do not believe I ! but it be real , I tell you , not the kind of reality you see every day , but a different kind . mia perhaps it be the kind of reality you tell we about when you see the Devil painting we wagon wheel red , use he tail as a brush . jof ( embarrassed ) why must you keep bring that up ? mia and then you discover that you have red paint under you nail . jof well , perhaps that time I make it up . ( eagerly ) I do it just so that you would believe in my other vision . the real one . the one that I do not make up . mia ( severely ) you have to keep you vision under control . otherwise people will think that you be a half - wit , which you be not . at least not yet -- as far as I know . but , come to think of it , I be not so sure about that . jof ( angry ) I do not ask to have vision . I can not help it if voice speak to I , if the Holy virgin appear before I and angel and devil like my company . skat ( sit up ) have not I tell you once and for all that I need my morning 's sleep ! I have ask you politely , plead with you , but nothing work . so now I be tell you to shut up ! his eye be pop with rage . he turn over and continue snore where he leave off . mia and jof decide that it would be wisest to leave the wagon . they sit down on a crate . mia have mikael on she knee . he be naked and squirm vigorously . jof sit close to he wife . slump over , he still look daze and astonished . a dry , hot wind blow from the sea . mia if we would only get some rain . everything be burn to cinder . we will not have anything to eat this winter . jof ( yawn ) we will get by . he say this smilingly , with a casual air . he stretch and laugh contentedly . mia I want mikael to have a better life than ours . jof mikael will grow up to be a great acrobat -- or a juggler who can do the one impossible trick . mia what 's that ? jof to make one of the ball stand absolutely still in the air . mia but that 's impossible . jof impossible for we -- but not for he . mia you be dream again . she yawn . the sun , have make she a bit drowsy and she lie down on the grass . jof do likewise and put one arm around he wife 's shoulder . jof I have compose a song . I make it up during the night when I could not sleep . do you want to hear it ? mia sing it . I be very curious . jof I have to sit up first . he sit with he leg cross , make a dramatic gesture with he arm and sing in a loud voice . jof ( sing ) on a lily branch a dove be perch against the summer sky , she sing a wondrous song of Christ and there 's great joy on high . he interrupt he sing in order to be compliment by he wife . jof Mia ! be you asleep ? mia it 's a lovely song . jof I have not finish yet . mia I hear it , but I think I will sleep a little longer . you can sing the rest to I afterwards . jof all you do be sleep . jof be a bit offended and glance over at he son , mikael , but he be also sleep soundly in the high grass . jonas skat come out from the wagon . he yawn ; he be very tired and in a bad humor . in he hand he hold a crudely make death mask . skat be this suppose to be a mask for a actor ? if the priest do not pay we so well , I would say no thank you . jof be you go to play death ? skat just think , scare decent folk out of they wit with this kind of nonsense . jof when be we suppose to do this play ? skat at the saint ' feast in elsinore . we be go to perform right on the church step , believe it or not . jof would not it be better to play something bawdy ? people like it better , and , besides , it 's more fun . skat idiot . there 's a rumor go around that there 's a terrible pestilence in the land , and now the priest be prophesy sudden death and all sort of spiritual agony . mia be awake now and lie contentedly on she back , suck on a blade of grass and look smilingly at she husband . jof and what part be I to play ? skat you be such a damn fool , so you be go to be the soul of man . jof that 's a bad part , of course . skat who make the decision around here ? who be the director of this company anyhow ? skat , grin , hold the mask in front of he face and recite dramatically . skat bear this in mind , you fool . you life hang by a thread . you time be short . ( in he usual voice ) be the woman go to like I in this getup ? will I make a hit ? no ! I feel as if I be dead already . he stumble into the wagon mutter furiously . jof sit , lean forward . mia lie beside he on the grass . mia jof ! jof what be it ? mia sit still . do not move . jof what do you mean ? mia do not say anything . jof I be as silent as a grave . mia shh ! I love you . wave of heat envelop the gray stone church in a strange white mist . the knight dismount and enter . after tie up the horse , jon slowly follow he in . when he come onto the church porch he stop in surprise . to the right of the entrance there be a large fresco on the wall , not quite finish . perched on a crude scaffold be a painter wear a red cap and paint-stain clothes . he have one brush in he mouth , while with another in he hand he outline a small , terrify human face amidst a sea of other face . jon what be this suppose to represent ? painter the dance of death . jon and that one be death ? painter yes , he dance off with all of they . jon why do you paint such nonsense ? painter I think it would serve to remind people that they must die . jon well , it 's not go to make they feel any happier . painter why should one always make people happy ? it might not be a bad idea to scare they a little once in a while . jon then they will close they eye and refuse to look at you painting . painter oh , they will look . a skull be almost more interesting than a naked woman . jon if you do scare they ... painter they will think . jon and if they think ... painter they will become still more scared . jon and then they will run right into the arm of the priest . painter that 's not my business . jon you be only painting you dance of death . painter I be only painting thing as they be . everyone else can do as he like . jon just think how some people will curse you . painter maybe . but then I will paint something amusing for they to look at . I have to make a live -- at least until the plague take I . jon the plague . that sound horrible . painter you should see the boil on a disease man 's throat . you should see how he body shrivel up so that he leg look like knotted string -- like the man I have paint over there . the painter point with he brush . jon see a small human form writhe in the grass , its eye turn upwards in a frenzied look of horror and pain . jon that look terrible . painter it certainly do . he try to rip out the boil , he bite he hand , tear he vein open with he fingernails and he scream can be hear everywhere . do that scare you ? jon scare ? I ? you do not know I . what be the horror you have paint over there ? painter the remarkable thing be that the poor creature think the pestilence be the Lord 's punishment . mob of people who call themselves slave of Sin be swarm over the country , flagellate themselves and other , all for the glory of God . jon do they really whip themselves ? painter yes , it 's a terrible sight . I crawl into a ditch and hide when they pass by . jon do you have any brandy ? I have be drink water all day and it 's make I as thirsty as a camel in the desert . painter I think I frighten you after all . jon sit down with the painter , who produce a jug of brandy . the knight be kneel before a small altar . it be dark and quiet around he . the air be cool and musty . picture of saint look down on he with stony eye . Christ 's face be turn upwards , his mouth open as if in a cry of anguish . on the ceiling beam there be a representation of a hideous devil spying on a miserable human be . the knight hear a sound from the confession booth and approach it . the face of death appear behind the grille for a instant , but the knight do not see he . knight I want to talk to you as openly as I can , but my heart be empty . death do not answer . knight the emptiness be a mirror turn towards my own face . I see myself in it , and I be fill with fear and disgust . death do not answer . knight through my indifference to my fellow man , I have isolate myself from they company . now I live in a world of phantom . I be imprison in my dream and fantasy . death and yet you do not want to die . knight yes , I do . death what be you wait for ? knight I want knowledge . death you want guarantee ? knight call it whatever you like . be it so cruelly inconceivable to grasp God with the sense ? why should he hide himself in a mist of half - speak promise and unseen miracle ? death do not answer . knight how can we have faith in that who believe when we can not have faith in ourselves ? what be go to happen to that of we who want to believe but be not able to ? and what be to become of that who neither want to nor be capable of believe ? the knight stop and wait for a reply , but no one speak or answer he . there be complete silence . knight why can not I kill God within I ? why do he live on in this painful and humiliate way even though I curse him and want to tear him out of my heart ? why , in spite of everything , be he a baffling reality that I can not shake off ? do you hear I ? death yes , I hear you . knight I want knowledge , not faith , not supposition , but knowledge . I want God to stretch out his hand towards I , reveal himself and speak to I . death but he remain silent . knight I call out to him in the dark but no one seem to be there . death perhaps no one be there . knight then life be a outrageous horror . no one can live in the face of death , know that all be nothingness . death most people never reflect about either death or the futility of life . knight but one day they will have to stand at that last moment of life and look towards the darkness . death when that day come ... knight in we fear , we make a image , and that image we call God . death you be worry ... knight death visit I this morning . we be play chess together . this reprieve give I the chance to arrange a urgent matter . death what matter be that ? knight my life have be a futile pursuit , a wander , a great deal of talk without meaning . I feel no bitterness or self - reproach because the life of most people be very much like this . but I will use my reprieve for one meaningful deed . death be that why you be play chess with death ? knight he be a clever opponent , but up to now I have not lose a single man . death how will you outwit death in you game ? knight I use a combination of the bishop and the knight which he have not yet discover . in the next move I will shatter one of he flank . death I will remember that . death show he face at the grill of the confession booth for a moment but disappear instantly . knight you have trick and cheat I ! but we will meet again , and I will find a way . death ( invisible ) we will meet at the inn , and there we will continue play . the knight raise he hand and look at it in the sunlight which come through the tiny window . knight this be my hand . I can move it , feel the blood pulsing through it . the sun be still high in the sky and I , antonius block , be play chess with death . he make a fist of he hand and lift it to he temple . meanwhile , jon and the painter have get drunk and be talk animatedly together . jon I and my master have be abroad and have just come home . do you understand , you little pictor ? painter the crusade . jon ( drunk ) precisely . for ten year we sit in the Holy land and let snake bite we , fly sting we , wild animal eat we , heathen butcher we , the wine poison we , the woman give we lice , the lice devour we , the fever rot we , all for the glory of God . we crusade be such madness that only a real idealist could have think it up . but what you say about the plague be horrible . painter it 's worse than that . jon ah , I . no matter which way you turn , you have you rump behind you . that 's the truth . painter the rump behind you , the rump behind you there 's a profound truth . jon paint a small figure which be suppose to represent himself . jon this be squire jun . he grin at death , mock the Lord , laugh at himself and leer at the girl . his world be a jˆnsworld , believable only to himself , ridiculous to all include himself , meaningless to Heaven and of no interest to Hell . the knight walk by , call to he squire and go out into the bright sunshine . jon manage to set himself down from the scaffold . outside the church , four soldier and a monk be in the process of put a woman in the stock . her face be pale and child - like , she head have be shave , and she knuckle be bloody and break . her eye be wide open , yet she do not appear to be fully conscious . jon and the knight stop and watch in silence . the soldier be work quickly and skillfully , but they seem frighten and deject . the monk mumble from a small book . one of the soldier pick up a wooden bucket and with he hand begin to smear a bloody paste on the wall of the church and around the woman . jon hold he nose . jon that soup of yours have a hell of a stink . what be it good for ? soldier she have have carnal intercourse with the evil one . he whisper this with a horrify face and continue to splash the sticky mess on the wall . jon and now she 's in the stock . soldier she will be burn tomorrow morning at the parish boundary . but we have to keep the Devil away from the rest of we . jon ( hold he nose ) and you do that with this stinking mess ? soldier it 's the best remedy : blood mix with the bile of a big black dog . the Devil can not stand the smell . jon neither can i. jon walk over towards the horse . the knight stand for a few , moment look at the young girl . she be almost a child . slowly she turn she eye towards he . knight have you see the Devil ? the monk stop read and raise he head . monk you must not talk to she . knight can that be so dangerous ? monk I do not know , but she be believe to have cause the pestilence with which we be affect . knight I understand . he nod resignedly and walk away . the young woman start to moan as though she be have a horrible nightmare . the sound of she cry follow the two rider for a considerable distance down the road . the sun stand high in the sky , like a red ball of fire . the waterskin be empty and jon look for a well where he can fill it . they approach a group of peasant cottage at the edge of the forest . jon tie up the horse , sling the skin over he shoulder and walk along the path towards the nearest cottage . as always , he movement be light and almost soundless . the door to the cottage be open . he stop outside , but when no one appear he enter . it be very dark inside and he foot touch a soft object . he look down . beside the whitewash fireplace , a woman be lie with she face to the ground . at the sound of approach step , jon quickly hide behind the door . a man come down a ladder from the loft . he be broad and thick - set . his eye be black and he face be pale and puffy . his clothes be well cut but dirty and in rag . he carry a cloth sack . look around , he go into the inner room , bend over the bed , tuck something into the bag , slink along the wall , look on the shelf , find something else which he tuck in he bag . slowly he re-enter the outer room , bend over the dead woman and carefully slip a ring from she finger . at that moment a young woman come through the door . she stop and stare at the stranger . ravel why do you look so surprised ? I steal from the dead . this day it 's quite a lucrative enterprise . the girl make a movement as if to run away . ravel you be think of run to the village and tell . that would not serve any purpose . each of we have to save he own skin . it 's as simple as that . girl do not touch I . raval do not try to scream . there 's no one around to hear you , neither God nor man . slowly he close the door behind the girl . the stuffy room be now in almost total darkness . but jon become clearly visible . jon I recognize you , although it 's a long time since we meet . you name be raval , from the theological college at roskilde . you be Dr. mirabilis , coelestis et diabilis . raval smile uneasily and look around . jon be I not right ? the girl stand immobile . jon you be the one who , ten year ago , convinced my master of the necessity to join a better - class crusade to the Holy land . raval look around . jon you look uncomfortable . do you have a stomach - ache ? raval smile anxiously . jon when I see you , I suddenly understand the meaning of this ten year , which previously seem to I such a waste . we life be too good and we be too satisfied with ourselves . the Lord want to punish we for we complacency . that be why he send you to spew out you holy venom and poison the knight . ravel I act in good faith . jon but now you know better , do not you ? because now you have turn into a thief . a more fitting and reward occupation for scoundrel . be not that so ? with a quick movement he knock the knife out of raval be hand , give he a kick so that he fall on the floor and be about to finish he off . suddenly the girl scream . jon stop and make a gesture of generosity with he hand . jon by all mean . I be not bloodthirsty . he bend over raval . ravel do not beat I . jon I do not have the heart to touch you , Doctor . but remember this : the next time we meet , I will brand you face the way one do with thief . ( he rise ) what I really come for be to get my waterskin fill . girl we have a deep well with cool , fresh water . come , I will show you . they walk out of the house . raval lie still for a few moment , then he rise slowly and look around . when no one be in sight , he take he bag and steal away . jon quench he thirst and fill he bag with water . the girl help he . jon jun be my name . I be a pleasant and talkative young man who have never have anything but kind thought and have only do beautiful and noble deed . I be kindest of all to young woman . with they , there be no limit to my kindness . he embrace she and try to kiss she , but she hold herself back . almost immediately he lose interest , hoist the waterbag on he shoulder and pat the girl on the cheek . jon Goodbye , my girl . I could very well have rape you , but between you and I , I be tired of that kind of love . it run a little dry in the end . he laugh kindly and walk away from she . when he have walk a short distance he turn ; the girl be still there . jon now that I think of it , I will need a housekeeper . can you prepare good food ? ( the girl nod ) as far as I know , I be still a marry man , but I have high hope that my wife be dead by now . that 's why I need a housekeeper . ( the girl do not answer but get up ) the devil with it ! come along and do not stand there stare . I have save you life , so you owe I a great deal . she begin walk towards he , she head bent . he do not wait for she but walk towards the knight , who patiently await he squire . the embarrassment Inn lie in the eastern section of the province . the plague have not yet reach this area on its way along the coast . the actor have place they wagon under a tree in the yard of the inn . dress in colorful costume , they perform a farce . the spectator watch the performance , comment on it noisily . there be merchant with fat , beer -sweaty face , apprentice and journeyman , farmhand and milkmaid . a whole flock of child perch in the tree around the wagon . the knight and he squire have sit down in the shadow of a wall . they drink beer and doze in the midday heat . the girl from the desert village sleep at jon be side . skat beat the drum , jof blow the flute , mia perform a gay and lively dance . they perspire under the hot white sun . when they have finish skat come forward and bow . skat Noble lady and gentleman , I thank you for you interest . please remain stand for a little longer , or sit on the ground , because we be now go to perform a tragedia about a unfaithful wife , she jealous husband , and the handsome lover -- that 's I . mia and jof have quickly change costume and again step out on the stage . they bow , to the public . skat here be the husband . here be the wife . if you will shut up over there , you will see something splendid . as I say , I play the lover and I have not enter yet . that 's why I be go to hide behind the curtain for the time be . ( he wipe the sweat from he forehead ) it 's damned hot . I think we will have a thunderstorm . he place he leg in front of jof as if to trip he , raise mia 's skirt , make a face as if he could see all the wonder of the world underneath it , and disappear behind the gaudily patch curtain . skat be very handsome , now that he can see himself in the reflection of a tin washbowl . his hair be tightly curl , he eyebrow be beautifully bushy , glitter earring vie for equal attention with he tooth , and he cheek be flushed rise red . he sit out in back on the tailboard of the wagon , dangle he leg and whistling to himself . in the meantime jof and mia play they tragedy ; it be not , however , receive with great acclaim . skat suddenly discover that someone be watch he as he gaze contentedly into the tin bowl . a woman stand there , stately in both height and volume . skat frown , toy with he small dagger and occasionally throw a roguish but fiery glance at the beautiful visitor . she suddenly discover that one of she shoe do not quite fit . she lean down to fix it and in do so allow she generous bosom to burst out of its prison -- no more than honor and chastity allow , but still enough so that the actor with he experience eye immediately see that there be ample reward to be have here . now she come a little closer , kneel down and open a bundle contain several dainty morsel and a skin fill with red wine . jonas skat manage not to fall off the wagon in he excitement . stand on the step of the wagon , he support himself against a nearby tree , cross he leg and bow . the woman quietly bite into a chicken leg drip with fat . at this moment the actor be stricken by a radiant glance full of lustful appetite . when he see this look , skat make a instantaneous decision , jump down from the wagon and kneel in front of the blush damsel . she become weak and faint from he nearness , look at he with a glassy glance and breathes heavily . skat do not neglect to press kiss on she small , chubby hand . the sun shine brightly and small bird make noise in the bush . now she be force to sit back ; she leg seem unwilling to support she any longer . bewildere , she singles out another chicken leg from the large sack of food and hold it up in front of skat with a appeal and triumphant expression , as if it be she maidenhood be offer as a prize . skat hesitates momentarily , but he be still the strategist . he let the chicken leg fall to the grass , and murmur in the woman 's rosy ear . his word seem to please she . she put she arm around the actor 's neck and pull he to she with such fierceness that both of they lose they balance and tumble down on the soft grass . the small bird take to they wing with frighten shriek . jof stand in the hot sun with a flicker lantern in he hand . mia pretend to be asleep on a bench which have be pull forward on the stage . jof night and moonlight now prevail here sleep my wife so frail ... voice from the public do she snore ? jof May I point out that this be a tragedy , and in tragedy one do not snore . voice from the public I think she should snore anyhow . this opinion cause mirth in the audience . jof become slightly confuse and go out of character , but mia keep she head and begin snore . jof night and moonlight now prevail . there snore -- I mean sleep -- my wife so frail . jealous I be , as never before , I hide myself behind this door . faithful be she to she lover -- not I . he soon come a-steal to awaken she lusty feel . I shall now kill he dead for cuckold I in my bed . there he come in the moonlight , his white leg shine bright . quiet as a mouse , here I will lie , tell he not that he 's about to die . jof hide himself . mia immediately end she snore and sit up , look to the leave . mia look , there he come in the night my lover , my heart 's delight . she become silent and look wide - eye in front of she . the mood in the yard in front of the inn have , up to now , be rather lighthearted despite the heat . now a rapid change occur . people who have be laugh and chatter fall silent . they face seem to pale under they sunbrown skin , the child stop they game and stand with gape mouth and frighten eye . jof step out in front of the curtain . his paint face bear a expression of horror . mia have rise with mikael in she arm . some of the woman in the yard have fall on they knee , other hide they face , many begin to mutter half - forget prayer . all have turn they face towards the white road . now a shrill song be hear . it be frenzied , almost a scream . a crucify Christ sway above the hilltop . the cross -bearer soon come into sight . they be dominican monk , they hood pull down over they face . more and more of they follow , carry litter with heavy coffin or clutching holy relic , they hand stretch out spasmodically . the dust well up around they black hood ; the censer sway and emit a thick , ashen smoke which smell of rancid herb . after the line of monk come another procession . it be a column of man , boy , old man , woman , girl , child . all of they have steel - edge scourge in they hand with which they whip themselves and each other , howling ecstatically . they twist in pain ; they eye bulge wildly ; they lip be gnaw to shred and drip with foam . they have be seize by madness . they bite they own hand and arm , whip each other in violent , almost rhythmic outburst . throughout it all the shrill song howl from they burst throat . many sway and fall , lift themselves up again , support each other and help each other to intensify the scourge . now the procession pause at the crossroad in front of the inn . the monk fall on they knee , hide they face with clench hand , arm press tightly together . they song never stop . the Christ figure on its timbere cross be raise above the head of the crowd . it be not Christ triumphant , but the suffer Jesus with the sore , the blood , the hammer nail and the face in convulsive pain . the Son of God , nail on the wood of the cross , suffer scorn and shame . the penitent have now sink down in the dirt of the road . they collapse where they stand like slaughter cattle . they scream rise with the song of the monk , through misty cloud of incense , towards the white fire of the sun . a large square monk rise from he knee and reveal he face , which be red - brown from the sun . his eye glitter ; he voice be thick with impotent scorn . monk God have sentence we to punishment . we shall all perish in the black death . you , stand there like gape cattle , you who sit there in you glutte complacency , do you know that this may be you last hour ? death stand right behind you . I can see how he crown gleam in the sun . his scythe flash as he raise it above you head . which one of you shall he strike first ? you there , who stand stare like a goat , will you mouth be twisted into the last unfinish gasp before nightfall ? and you , woman , who bloom with life and self - satisfaction , will you pale and become extinguish before the morning dawns ? you back there , with you swollen nose and stupid grin , do you have another year leave to dirty the earth with you refuse ? do you know , you insensible fool , that you shall die today or tomorrow , or the next day , because all of you have be sentence ? do you hear what I say ? do you hear the word ? you have be sentence , sentence ! the monk fall silent , look around with a bitter face and a cold , scornful glance . now , he clenches he hand , straddle the ground and turn he face upwards . monk Lord have mercy on we in we humiliation ! do not turn you face from we in loathing and contempt , but be merciful to we for the sake of you son , Jesus Christ . he make the sign of the cross over the crowd and then begin a new song in a strong voice . the monk rise and join in the song . as if drive by some superhuman force , the penitent begin to whip themselves again , still wail and moan . the procession continue . New member have join the rear of the column ; other who be unable to go on lie weep in the dust of the road . jon the squire drink he beer . jon this damned ranting about doom . be that food for the mind of modern people ? do they really expect we to take they seriously ? the knight grin tiredly . jon yes , now you grin at I , my lord . but allow I to point out that I have either read , hear or experience most of the tale which we people tell each other . knight ( yawn ) yes , yes . jon even the ghost storey about God the Father , the angel , Jesus Christ and the Holy ghost -- all this I have accept without too much emotion . he lean down over the girl as she crouch at he foot and pat she on the head . the knight drink he beer silently . jon ( contentedly ) my little stomach be my world , my head be my eternity , and my hand , two wonderful sun . my leg be time 's damned pendulum , and my dirty foot be two splendid start point for my philosophy . everything be worth precisely as much as a belch , the only difference be that a belch be more satisfy . the beer mug be empty . sigh , jon get to he foot . the girl follow he like a shadow . in the yard he meet a large man with a sooty face and a dark expression . he stop jon with a roar . jon what be you scream about ? plog I be plog , the smith , and you be the squire jun . jon that 's possible . plog have you see my wife ? jon no , I have not . but if I have see she and she look like you , I would quickly forget that I would see she . plog well , in that case you have not see she . jon maybe she 's run off . plog do you know anything ? jon I know quite a lot , but not about you wife . go to the inn . maybe they can help you . the smith sigh sadly and go inside . the inn be very small and full of people eat and drink to forget they newly arouse fear of eternity . in the open fireplace a roasting pig turn on a iron spit . the sun shine outside the casement window , its sharp ray pierce the darkness of the room , which be thick with fume and perspiration . merchant yes , it 's true ! the plague be spread along the west coast . people be die like fly . usually business would be good at this time of year , but , damn it , I have still get my whole stock unsold . woman they speak of the judgment day . and all this omen be terrible . worm , chop - off hand and other monstrosity begin pour out of a old woman , and down in the village another woman give birth to a calf 's head . old man the day of judgment . imagine . farmer it have not rain here for a month . we will surely lose we crop . merchant and people be act crazy , I would say . they flee the country and carry the plague with they wherever they go . old man the day of judgment . just think , just think ! farmer if it 's as they say , I suppose a person should look after he house and try to enjoy life as long as he can . woman but there have be other thing too , such thing that can not even be speak of . ( whisper ) thing that must not be name -- but the priest say that the woman carry it between she leg and that 's why she must cleanse herself . old man judgment day . and the rider of the apocalypse stand at the bend in the village road . I imagine they will come on judgment night , at sundown . woman there be many who have purge themselves with fire and die from it , but the priest say that it 's better to die pure than to live for hell . merchant this be the end , yes , it be . no one say it out loud , but all of we know that it 's the end . and people be go mad from fear . farmer so you be afraid too . merchant of course I be afraid . old man the judgment day become night , and the angel descend and the grave open . it will be terrible to see . they whisper in low tone and sit close to each other . plog , the smith , shove he way into a place next to jof , who be still dress in he costume . opposite he sit raval , lean slightly forward , he face perspire heavily . raval roll a armlet out on the table . raval do you want this armlet ? you can have it cheap . jof I can not afford it . raval it 's real silver . jof it 's nice . but it 's surely too expensive for I . plog Excuse I , but have anyone here see my wife ? jof have she disappear ? plog they say she 's run away . jof have she desert you ? plog with a actor . jof a actor ! if she 's get such bad taste , then I think you should let she go . plog you be right . my first think , of course , be to kill she . jof oh . but to murder she , that 's a terrible thing to do . plog I be also go to kill the actor . jof the actor ? plog of course , the one she elope with . jof what have he do to deserve that ? plog be you stupid ? jof the actor ! now I understand . there be too many of they , so even if he have not do anything in particular you ought to kill he merely because he 's a actor . plog you see , my wife have always be interested in the trick of the theatre . jof and that turn out to be she misfortune . plog her misfortune , but not mine , because a person who 's bear unfortunate can hardly suffer from any further misfortune . be not that true ? now raval enter the discussion . he be slightly drunk and he voice be shrill and evil . raval listen , you ! you sit there and lie to the smith . jof I ! a liar ! raval you be a actor too and it 's probably you partner who 's run off with plog 's old lady . plog be you a actor too ? jof a actor ! I ! I would not quite call myself that ! raval we ought to kill you ; it 's only logical . jof ( laugh ) you be really funny . raval how strange -- you have turn pale . have you anything on you conscience ? jof you be funny . do not you think he 's funny ? ( to plog ) oh , you do not . raval maybe we should mark you up a little with a knife , like they do petty scoundrel of you kind . plog bang he hand down on the table so that the dish jump . he get up . plog ( shouting ) what have you do with my wife ? the room become silent . jof look around , but there be no exit , no way to escape . he put he hand on the table . suddenly a knife flash through the air and sink into the table top between he finger . jof snatch away he hand and raise he head . he look half surprised , as if the truth have just become apparent to he . jof do you want to hurt I ? why ? have I provoke someone , or get in the way ? I will leave right now and never come back . jof look from one face to another , but no one seem ready to help he or come to he defense . raval get up so everyone can hear you . talk louder . tremble , jof rise . he open he mouth as if to say something , but not a word come out . raval stand on you head so that we can see how good a actor you be . jof get up on the table and stand on he head . a hand push he forward so that he collapse on the floor . plog rise , pull he to he foot with one hand . plog ( shout ) what have you do with my wife ? plog beat he so furiously that jof fly across the table . raval lean over he . raval do not lie there moan . get up and dance . jof I do not want to . I can not . ravel show we how you imitate a bear . jof I can not play a bear . raval let 's see if you can not after all . raval prod jof lightly with the knife point . jof get up with cold sweat on he cheek and forehead , frighten half to death . he begin to jump and hop on top of the table , swinging he arm and leg and make grotesque face . some laugh , but most of the people sit silently . jof gasp as if he lung be about to burst . he sink to he knee , and someone pour beer over he . ravel up again ! be a good bear . jof I have not do any harm . I have not get the strength to play a bear any more . at that moment the door open and jon enter . jof see he chance and steal out . raval intend to follow he , but suddenly stop . jon and raval look at each other . jon do you remember what I be go to do to you if we meet again ? raval step back without speak . jon I be a man who keep he word . jon raise he knife and cut raval from forehead to cheek . raval stagger towards the wall . the hot day have become night . sing and howling can be hear from the inn . in a hollow near the forest , the light still linger . Hidden in the grass and the shrubbery , nightingale sing and they voice echo through the stillness . the player ' wagon stand in a small ravine , and not far away the horse graze on the dry grass . mia have sit down in front of the wagon with she son in she arm . they play together and laugh happily . now , a soft gleam of light stroke the hilltop , a last reflection from the red cloud over the sea . not far from the wagon , the knight sit crouch over he chess game . he lift he head . the evening light move across the heavy wagon wheel , across the woman and the child . the knight get up . mia see he and smile . she hold up she struggle son , as if to amuse the knight . knight what 's he name ? mia mikael . knight how old be he ? mia oh , he will soon be two . knight he 's big for he age . mia do you think so ? yes , I guess he 's rather big . she put the child down on the ground and half rise to shake out she red skirt . when she sit down again , the knight step closer . knight you play some kind of show this afternoon . mia do you think it be bad ? knight you be more beautiful now without you face paint , and this gown be more become . mia you see , jonas skat have run off and leave we , so we be in real trouble now . knight be that you husband ? mia ( laugh ) jonas ! the other man be my husband . his name be jof . knight oh , that one . mia and now there 's only he and I . we will have to start do trick again and that 's more trouble than it 's worth . knight do you do trick also ? mia we certainly do . and jof be a very skillful juggler . knight be mikael go to be a acrobat ? mia jof want he to be . knight but you do not . mia I do not know . ( smile ) perhaps he will become a knight . knight let I assure you , that 's no pleasure either . mia no , you do not look so happy . knight no . mia be you tired ? knight yes . mia why ? knight I have dull company . mia do you mean you squire ? knight no , not he . mia who do you mean , then ? knight myself . mia I understand . knight do you , really ? mia yes , I understand rather well . I have often wonder why people torture themselves as often as they can . be not that so ? she nod energetically and the knight smile seriously . now the shriek and the noise from the inn become louder . Black figure flicker across the grass mound . someone collapse , get up and run . it be jof . mia stretch out she arm and receive he . he hold he hand in front of he face , moan like a child , and he body sway . he kneel . mia hold he close to she and sprinkle he with small , anxious question : what have you do ? how be you ? what be it ? do it hurt ? what can I do ? have they be cruel to you ? she run for a rag , which she dip in water , and carefully bathes she husband 's dirty , bloody face . eventually a rather sorrowful visage emerge . blood run from a bruise on he forehead and he nose , and a tooth have be loosen , but otherwise jof seem unhurt . jof ouch , it hurt . mia why do you have to go there ? and of course you drank . mia 's anxiety have be replace by a mild anger . she pat he a little harder than necessary . jof ouch ! I do not drink anything . mia then I suppose you be boast about the angel and devil you consort with . people do not like someone who have too many idea and fantasy . jof I swear to you that I do not say a word about angel . mia you be , of course , busy sing and dance . you can never stop be a actor . people also become angry at that , and you know it . jof do not answer but search for the armlet . he hold it up in front of mia with a injure expression . jof look what I buy for you . mia you could not afford it . jof ( angry ) but I get it anyhow . the armlet glitter faintly in the twilight . mia now pull it across she wrist . they look at it in silence , and they face soften . they look at each other , touch each other 's hand . jof put he head against mia' shoulder and sigh . jof oh , how they beat I . mia why do not you beat they back ? jof I only become frighten and angry . I never get a chance to hit back . I can get angry , you know that . I roar like a lion . mia be they frighten ? jof no , they just laugh . they son mikael crawl over to they . jof lie down on the ground and pull he son on top of he . mia get down on she hand and knee and playfully sniff at mikael . mia do you notice how good he smell ? jof and he be so compact to hold . you be a sturdy one . a real acrobat 's body . he lift mikael up and hold he by the leg . mia look up suddenly , remember the knight 's presence . mia yes , this be my husband , jof . jof good evening . knight good evening . jof become a little embarrassed and rise . all three of they look at one another silently . knight I have just tell you wife that you have a splendid son . he will bring great joy to you . jof yes , he 's fine . they become silent again . jof have we nothing to offer the knight , Mia ? knight thank you , I do not want anything . mia ( housewifely ) I pick a basket of wild strawberry this afternoon . and we have a drop of milk fresh from a cow ... jof ... that we be allow to milk . so , if you would like to partake of this humble fare , it would be a great honor . mia please be seat and I will bring the food . they sit down . mia disappear with mikael . knight where be you go next ? jof up to the saint ' feast at elsinore . knight I would not advise you to go there . jof why not , if I may ask ? knight the plague have spread in that direction , follow the coast line south . it 's say that people be die by the ten of thousand . jof really ! well , sometimes life be a little hard . knight May I suggest ... ( jof look at he , surprised ) ... that you follow I through the forest tonight and stay at my home if you like . or go along the east coast . you will probably be safer there . mia have return with a bowl of wild strawberry and the milk , place it between they and give each of they a spoon . jof I wish you good appetite . knight I humbly thank you . mia this be wild strawberry from the forest . I have never see such large one . they grow up there on the hillside . notice how they smell ! she point with a spoon and smile . the knight nod , as if he be ponder some profound think . jof eat heartily . jof you suggestion be good , but I must think it over . mia it might be wise to have company go through the forest . it 's say to be full of troll and ghost and bandit . that 's what I have hear . jof ( staunchly ) yes , I would say that it 's not a bad idea , but I have to think about it . now that skat have leave , I be responsible for the troupe . after all , I have become director of the whole company . mia ( mimic ) after all , I have become director of the whole company . jon come walk slowly down the hill , closely follow by the girl . mia point with she spoon . mia do you want some strawberry ? jof this man save my life . sit down , my friend , and let we be together . mia ( stretch herself ) oh , how nice this be . knight for a short while . mia nearly always . one day be like another . there be nothing strange about that . the summer , of course , be better than the winter , because in summer you do not have to be cold . but spring be best of all . jof I have write a poem about the spring . perhaps you would like to hear it . I will run and get my lyre . he sprint towards the wagon . mia not now , jof . we guest may not be amused by you song . jon ( politely ) by all mean . I write little song myself . for example , I know a very funny song about a wanton fish which I doubt that you have hear yet . the knight look at he . jon you will not get to hear it either . there be person here who do not appreciate my art and I do not want to upset anyone . I be a sensitive soul . jof have come out with he lyre , sit on a small , gaudy box and pluck at the instrument , hum quietly , search for he melody . jon yawn and lie down . knight people be troubled by so much . mia it 's always better when one be two . have you no one of you own ? knight yes , I think I have someone . mia and what be she do now ? knight I do not know . mia you look so solemn . be she you beloved ? knight we be newly marry and we play together . we laugh a great deal . I write song to she eye , to she nose , to she beautiful little ear . we go hunt together and at night we dance . the house be full of life ... mia do you want some more strawberry ? knight ( shake he head ) faith be a torment , do you know that ? it be like loving someone who be out there in the darkness but never appear , no matter how loudly you call . mia I do not understand what you mean . knight everything I have say seem meaningless and unreal while I sit here with you and you husband . how unimportant it all become suddenly . he take the bowl of milk in he hand and drink deeply from it several time . then he carefully put it down and look up , smile . mia now you do not look so solemn . knight I shall remember this moment . the silence , the twilight , the bowl of strawberry and milk , you face in the evening light . mikael sleep , jof with he lyre . I will try to remember what we have talk about . I will carry this memory between my hand as carefully as if it be a bowl fill to the brim with fresh milk . he turn he face away and look out towards the sea and the colorless gray sky . knight and it will be a adequate sign -- it will be enough for I . he rise , nod to the other and walk down towards the forest . jof continue to play on he lyre . mia stretch out on the grass . the knight pick up he chess game and carry it towards the beach . it be quiet and desert ; the sea be still . death I have be wait for you . knight pardon I . I be detain for a few moment . because I reveal my tactic to you , I be in retreat . it 's you move . death why do you look so satisfied ? knight that 's my secret . death of course . now I take you knight . knight you do the right thing . death have you trick I ? knight of course . you fall right in the trap . check ! death what be you laugh at ? knight do not worry about my laughter ; save you king instead . death you be rather arrogant . knight we game amuse I . death it 's you move . hurry up . I be a little press for time . knight I understand that you have a lot to do , but you can not get out of we game . it take time . death be about to answer he but stop and lean over the board . the knight smile . death be you go to escort the juggler and he wife through the forest ? that whose name be jof and Mia and who have a small son ? knight why do you ask ? death oh , no reason at all . the knight suddenly stop smile . death look at he scornfully . immediately after sundown , the little company gather in the yard of the inn . there be the knight , jon and the girl , jof and mia in they wagon . they son , mikael , be already asleep . jonas skat be still miss . jon go into the inn to get provision for the night journey and to have a last mug of beer . the inn be now empty and quiet except for a few farmhand and maiden who be eat they evening meal in a corner . at one of the small window sit a lonely , hunch - over fellow , with a jug of brandy in he hand . his expression be very sad . once in a while he be shake by a gigantic sob . it be plog , the smith , who sit there and whimper . jon God in heaven , be not this plog , the smith ? plog good evening . jon be you sit here sniveling in loneliness ? plog yes , yes , look at the smith . he moan like a rabbit . jon if I be in you boot , I would be happy to get rid of a wife in such a easy way . jon pat the smith on the back , quench he thirst with beer , and sit down by he side . plog be you marry ? jon I ! a hundred time and more . I can not keep count of all my wife any longer . but it 's often that way when you be a travel man . plog I can assure you that one wife be worse than a hundred , or else I have have worse luck than any poor wretch in this miserable world , which be not impossible . jon yes , it 's hell with woman and hell without they . so , however you look at it , it 's still best to kill they off while it 's most amusing . plog woman 's nag , the shriek of child and wet diaper , sharp nail and sharp word , blow and poke , and the devil 's aunt for a mother - in - law . and then , when one want to sleep after a long day , there 's a new song -- tear , whining and moan loud enough to wake the dead . jon nod delightedly . he have drunk deeply and talk with a old woman 's voice . jon why do not you kiss I good night ? plog ( in the same way ) why do not you sing a song for I ? jon why do not you love I the way you do when we first meet ? plog why do not you look at my new slip ? jon you only turn you back and snore . plog oh hell ! jon oh hell . and now she 's go . rejoice ! plog ( furious ) I will snip they nose with plier , I will bash in they chest with a small hammer , I will tap they head ever so lightly with a sledge . plog begin to cry loudly and he whole body sway in a enormous attack of sorrow . jon look at he with interest . jon look how he howl again . plog maybe I love she . jon so , maybe you love she ! then , you poor misguide ham shank , I will tell you that love be another word for lust , plus lust , plus lust and a damn lot of cheating , falseness , lie and all kind of other fool around . plog yes , but it hurt anyway . jon of course . Love be the blackest of all plague , and if one could die of it , there would be some pleasure in love . but you almost always get over it . plog no , no , not I . jon yes , you too . there be only a couple of poor wretch who die of love once in a while . Love be as contagious as a cold in the nose . it eat away at you strength , you independence , you morale , if you have any . if everything be imperfect in this imperfect world , love be most perfect in its perfect imperfection . plog you be happy , you with you oily word , and , besides , you believe you own drivel . jon believe ! who say that I believe it ? but I love to give good advice . if you ask I for advice you will get two piece for the price of one , because after all I really be a educate man . jon get up from the table and stroke he face with he hand . plog become very unhappy and grab he belt . plog listen , jun . May I go with you through the forest ? I be so lonely and do not want to go home because everyone will laugh at I . jon only if you do not whimper all the time , because in that case we will all have to avoid you . plog get up and embrace jon . slightly drunk , the two new friend walk towards the door . when they come out in the yard , jof immediately catch sight of they , become angry and yell a warning to jon . jof jun ! watch out . that one want to fight all the time . he 's not quite sane . jon yes , but now he 's just sniveling . plog step up to jof , who blanch with fear . plog offer he hand . plog I be really sorry if I hurt you . but I have such a hell of a temper , you know . shake hand . jof gingerly proffer a frighten hand and get it thoroughly shake and squeeze . while jof try to straighten out he finger , plog be seize by great good will and open he arm . plog come in my arm , little brother . jof thank you , thank you , perhaps later . but now we be really in a hurry . jof climb up on the wagon seat quickly and cluck at the horse . the small company be on its way towards the forest and the night . it be dark in the forest . first come the knight on he large horse . then jof and mia follow , sit close to each other in the juggler 's wagon . mia hold she son in she arm . jon follow they with he heavily laden horse . he have the smith in tow . the girl sit on top of the load on the horse 's back , hunch over as if asleep . the footstep , the horse ' heavy tramp on the soft path , the human breathe -- yet it be quiet . then the moon sail out of the cloud . the forest suddenly become alive with the night 's unreality . the dazzle light pour through the thick foliage of the beech tree , a move , quivering world of light and shadow . the wanderer stop . they eye be dark with anxiety and forebode . they face be pale and unreal in the float light . it be very quiet . plog now the moon have come out of the cloud . jon that 's good . now we can see the road better . mia I do not like the moon tonight . jof the tree stand so still . jon that 's because there 's no wind . plog I guess he mean that they stand very still . jof it 's completely quiet . jon if one could hear a fox at least . jof or a owl . jon or a human voice besides one 's own . girl they say it 's dangerous to remain stand in moonlight . suddenly , out of the silence and the dim light fall across the forest road , a ghostlike cart emerge . it be the witch be take to the place where she will be burn . next to she eight soldier shuffle along tiredly , carry they lance on they back . the girl sit in the cart , bound with iron chain around she throat and arm . she stare fixedly into the moonlight . a black figure sit next to she , a monk with he hood pull down over he head . jon where be you go ? soldier to the place of execution . jon yes , now I can see . it 's the girl who have do it with the Black one . the witch ? the soldier nod sourly . hesitantly , the traveler follow . the knight guide he horse over to the side of the cart . the witch seem to be half - conscious , but she eye be wide open . knight I see that they have hurt you hand . the witch be pale , childish face turn towards the knight and she shake she head . knight I have a potion that will stop you pain . she shake she head again . jon why do you burn she at this time of night ? people have so few diversion this day . soldier Saints preserve we , be quiet ! it 's say that she bring the Devil with she wherever she go . jon you be eight brave man , then . soldier well , we have be pay . and this be a volunteer job . the soldier speak in whisper while glance anxiously at the witch . knight ( to the witch ) what 's you name ? tyan my name be tyan , my lord . knight how old be you ? tyan fourteen , my lord . knight and be it true that you have be in league with the Devil ? tyan nod quietly and look away . now they arrive at the parish border . at the foot of the nearby hill lie a crossroad . the pyre have already be stack in the center of the forest clear . the traveler remain there , hesitant and curious . the soldier have tie up the cart horse and bring out two long wooden beam . they nail rung across the beam so that it look like a ladder . tyan will be bound to this like a eelskin stretch out to dry . the sound of the hammer echoe through the forest . the knight have dismounted and walk closer to the cart . again he try to catch tyan be eye , touch she very lightly as if to waken she . slowly she turn she face towards he . knight they say that you have be in league with the Devil . tyan why do you ask ? knight not out of curiosity , but for very personal reason . I too want to meet he . tyan why ? knight I want to ask he about God . he , if anyone , must know . tyan you can see he anytime . knight how ? tyan you must do as I tell you . the knight grip the wooden rail of the cart so tightly that he knuckle whiten . tyan lean forward and join she gaze with he . tyan look into my eye . the knight meet she gaze . they stare at each other for a long time . tyan what do you see ? do you see he ? knight I see fear in you eye , a empty , numb fear . but nothing else . he fall silent . the soldier work at the stake ; they hammer echoe in the forest . tyan no one , nothing , no one ? knight ( shake he head ) no . tyan can not you see he behind you back ? knight ( look around ) no , there be no one there . tyan but he be with I everywhere . I only have to stretch out my hand and I can feel he hand . he be with I now too . the fire will not hurt I . he will protect I from everything evil . knight have he tell you this ? tyan I know it . knight have he say it ? tyan I know it , I know it . you must see he somewhere , you must . the priest have no difficulty see he , nor do the soldier . they be so afraid of he that they do not even dare touch I . the sound of the hammer stop . the soldier stand like black shadow roote in the moss . they fumble with the chain and pull at the neck iron . tyan moan weakly , as if she be far away . knight why have you crush she hand ? soldier ( surly ) we do not do it . knight who do ? soldier ask the monk . the soldier pull the iron and the chain . tyan be shaven head sway , gleam in the moonlight . her blacken mouth open as if to scream , but no sound emerge . they take she down from the cart and lead she towards the ladder and the stake . the knight turn to the monk , who remain seat in the cart . knight what have you do with the child ? death turn around and look at he . death do not you ever stop ask question ? knight no , I will never stop . the soldier chain tyan to the rung of the ladder . she submit resignedly , moan weakly like a animal and try to ease she body into position . when they have fastened she , they walk over to light the pyre . the knight step up and lean over she . jon for a moment I think of kill the soldier , but it would do no good . she 's nearly dead already . one of the soldier approach . thick smoke well down from the pyre and sweep over the quiet shadow near the crossroad and the hill . soldier I have tell you to be careful . do not go too close to she . the knight do not heed this warning . he cup he hand , fill it with water from the skin and give it to tyan . then he give she a potion . knight take this and it will stop the pain . smoke billow down over they and they begin to cough . the soldier step forward and raise the ladder against a nearby fir tree . tyan hang there motionlessly , she eye wide open . the knight straighten up and stand immobile . jon be behind he , he voice nearly choke with rage . jon what do she see ? can you tell I ? knight ( shake he head ) she feel no more pain . jon you do not answer my question . who watch over that child ? be it the angel , or God , or the Devil , or only the emptiness ? emptiness , my lord ! knight this cannot be . jon look at she eye , my lord . her poor brain have just make a discovery . emptiness under the moon . knight no . jon we stand powerless , we arm hang at we side , because we see what she see , and we terror and hers be the same . ( a outburst ) that poor little child . I can not stand it , I can not stand it ... his voice stick in he throat and he suddenly walk away . the knight mount he horse . the traveler depart from the crossroad . tyan finally close she eye . the forest be now very dark . the road wind between the tree . the wagon squeak and rattles over stone and root . a bird suddenly shriek . jof lift he head and wake up . he have be asleep with he arm around mia 's shoulder . the knight be sharply silhouett against the tree trunk . his silence make he seem almost unreal . jon and plog be slightly drunk and support each other . suddenly plog have to sit down . he put he hand over he face and howl piteously . plog oh , now it come over I again ! jon do not scream . what come over you ? plog my wife , damn it . she be so beautiful . she be so beautiful that she can not be describe without the accompaniment of a lyre . jon now it start again . plog her smile be like brandy . her eye like blackberry ... plog search for beautiful word . he gesture gropingly with he large hand . jon ( sigh ) get up , you tear - drench pig . we will lose the other . plog yes , of course , of course . her nose be like a little pink potato ; she behind be like a juicy pear -- yes , the whole woman be like a strawberry patch . I can see she in front of I , with arm like wonderful cucumber . jon Saints almighty , stop ! you be a very bad poet , despite the fact that you be drunk . and you vegetable garden bore I . they walk across a open meadow . here it be a little brighter and the moon shimmer behind a thin sky . suddenly plog point a large finger towards the edge of the forest . plog look there . jon do you see something ? plog there , over there ! jon I do not see anything . plog hang on to something , my friend . the hour be near ! who be that at the edge of the forest if not my own dearly beloved , with actor attach ? the two lover discover plog and it 's too late . they can not retreat . skat immediately take to he heel . plog chase he , swinging he sledge and bellow like a wild boar . for a few confusing moment the two rival stumble among the stone and bush in the gray gloom of the forest . the duel begin to look senseless , because both of they be equally frighten . the traveler silently observe this confuse performance . lisa scream once in a while , more out of duty than out of impulse . skat ( panting ) you miserable stubbleheade bastard of seven scurvy bitch , if I be in you lousy rag I would be stricken with such eternal shame about my breath , my voice , my arm and leg -- in short , about my whole body -- that I would immediately rid nature of my own embarrassing self . plog ( angry ) watch out , you perfume slob , that I do not fart on you and immediately blow you down to the actor 's own red-hot hell , where you can sit and recite monologue to each other until the dust come out of the Devil 's ear . then lisa throw herself around she husband 's neck . lisa forgive I , dear little husband , I will never do it again . I be so sorry and you can not imagine how terribly that man over there betrayed I . plog I will kill he anyway . lisa yes , do that , just kill he . he be not even a human be . jon Hell , he 's a actor . lisa he be only a false beard , false tooth , false smile , rehearse line , and he 's as empty as a jug . just kill he . lisa sob with excitement and sorrow . plog look around , a little confuse . skat use this opportunity . he pull out a dagger and place the point against he breast . skat she 's right . just kill I . if you think that I be go to apologize for be what I be , you be mistaken . lisa look how sicken he be . how he make a fool of himself , how he put on a act . dear plog , kill he . skat my friend , you have only to push , and my unreality will soon be transformed into a new , solid reality . a absolutely tangible corpse . lisa do something then . kill he . plog ( embarrassed ) he have to fight I , otherwise I can not kill he . skat you life 's thread now hang by a very rag shred . idiot , you day be short . plog you will have to irritate I a little more to get I as angry as before . skat look at the traveler with a pain expression and then lift he eye towards the night sky . skat I forgive all of you . pray for I sometimes . skat sink the dagger into he breast and slowly fall to the ground . the traveler stand confuse . plog rush forward and begin to pull at skat be hand . plog oh dear , dear , I do not mean it that way ! look , there 's no life leave in he . I be beginning to like he , and in my opinion Lisa be much too spiteful . jof lean over he colleague . jof he 's dead , totally , enormously dead . in fact , I have never see such a dead actor . lisa come on , let 's go . this be nothing to mourn over . he have only himself to blame . plog and I have to be marry to she . jon we must go on . skat lie in the grass and keep the dagger press tightly to he breast . the traveler depart and soon they have disappear into the dark forest on the other side of the meadow . when skat be sure that no one can see he , he sit up and lift the dagger from he breast . it be a stage dagger with a blade that push into the handle . skat laugh to himself . skat now that be a good scene . I be really a good actor . after all , why should not I be a little pleased with myself ? but where shall I go ? I will wait until it become light and then I will find the easiest way out of the forest . I will climb up a tree for the time be so that no bear , wolf or ghost can get at I . he soon find a likely tree and climb up into its thick foliage . he sit down as comfortably as possible and reach for he food pouch . skat ( yawn ) tomorrow I will find jof and Mia and then we will go to the saint ' feast in elsinore . we will make lot of money there . ( yawn ) now , I will sing a little song to myself : ( sing ) I be a little bird who sing whate 'er he will , and when I be in danger I fling out a pissing trill as in the carnal thrill . ( speak ) it 's boring to be alone in the forest tonight . ( sing ) the terrible night do not frighten I ... he interrupt himself and listen . the sound of industrious saw be hear through the silence . skat Workmen in the forest . oh , well ! ( sing ) the terrible night do not frighten I ... ( speak ) hey , what the devil ... it 's my tree they be cut down . he peer through the foliage . below he stand a dark figure diligently saw away at the base of the tree . skat become frighten and angry . skat hey , you ! do you hear I , you tricky bastard ? what be you do with my tree ? the saw continue without a pause . skat become more frighten . skat can not you at least answer I ? politeness cost so little . who be you ? death straighten he back and squint up at he . skat cry out in terror . death I be saw down you tree because you time be up . skat it will not do . I have not get time . death so you have not get time . skat no , I have my performance . death then it 's cancel because of death . skat my contract . death you contract be terminate . skat my child , my family . death shame on you , skat ! skat yes , I be ashamed . death begin to see again . the tree creak . skat be not there any way to get off ? be not there any special rule for actor ? death no , not in this case . skat no loophole , no exception ? death saw . skat perhaps you will take a bribe . death saw . skat help ! death saw . skat help ! help ! the tree fall . the forest become silent again . night and then dawn . the traveler have come to a sort of clear and have collapse on the moss . they lie quietly and listen to they own breathe , they heartbeat , and the wind in the tree top . here the forest be wild and impenetrable . huge boulder stick up out of the ground like the head of black giant . a fall tree lie like a mighty barrier between light and shadow . mia , jof and they child have sit down apart from the other . they look at the light of the moon , which be no longer full and dead but mysterious and unstable . the knight sit bent over he chess game . lisa cry quietly behind plog be back . jon lie on the ground and look up at the heaven . jon soon dawn will come , but the heat continue to hang over we like a smother blanket . lisa I be so frighten . plog we feel that something be go to happen to we , but we do not know what . jon maybe it 's the day of judgment . plog the day of judgment ... now , something move behind the fall tree . there be a rustling sound and a moan cry that seem to come from a wounded animal . everyone listen intently , all face turn towards the sound . a voice come out of the darkness . raval do you have some water ? raval be perspire face soon become visible . he disappear in the darkness , but he voice be hear again . raval can not you give I a little water ? ( pause ) I have the plague . jon do not come here . if you do I will slit you throat . keep to the other side of the tree . ravel I be afraid of death . no one answer . there be complete silence . raval gasp heavily for air . the dry leave rustle with he movement . ravel I do not want to die ! I do not want to ! no one answer . raval be face appear suddenly at the base of the tree . his eye bulge wildly and he mouth be ringed with foam . raval can not you have pity on I ? help I ! at least talk to I . no one answer . the tree sigh . raval begin to cry . raval I be go to die . i. i. I ! what will happen to I ! can no one console I ? have not you any compassion ? can not you see that I ... his word be choke off by a gurgle sound . he disappear in the darkness behind the fall tree . it become quiet for a few moment . raval ( whisper ) can not anyone ... only a little water . suddenly the girl get up with a quick movement , snatch jon be water bag and run a few step . jon grab she and hold she fast . jon it 's no use . it 's no use . I know that it 's no use . it 's meaningless . it 's totally meaningless . I tell you that it 's meaningless . can not you hear that I be consol you ? ravel help I , help I ! no one answer , no one move . raval be sob be dry and convulsive , like a frighten child 's . his sudden scream be cut off in the middle . then it become quiet . the girl sink down and hide she face in she hand . jon place he hand on she shoulder . 16 the knight be no longer alone . death have come to he and he raise he hand . death shall we play we game to the end ? knight you move ! death raise he hand and strike the knight be queen . antonius block look at death . death now I take you queen . knight I do not notice that . the knight lean over the game . the moonlight move over the chess piece , which seem to have a life of they own . jof have doze off for a few moment , but suddenly he waken . then he see the knight and death together . he become very frighten and awaken mia . jof Mia ! mia yes , what be it ? jof I see something terrible . something I almost can not talk about . mia what do you see ? jof the knight be sit over there play chess . mia yes , I can see that too and I do not think it 's so terrible . jof but do you see who he 's play with ? mia he be alone . you must not frighten I this way . jof no , no , he be not alone . mia who be it , then ? jof death . he be sit there play chess with death himself . mia you must not say that . jof we must try to escape . mia one can not do that . jof we must try . they be so occupy with they game that if we move very quietly , they will not notice we . jof get up carefully and disappear into the darkness behind the tree . mia remain stand , as if paralyze by fear . she stare fixedly at the knight and the chess game . she hold she son in she arm . now jof return . jof I have harness the horse . the wagon be stand near the big tree . you go first and I will follow you with the pack . see that mikael do not wake up . mia do what jof have tell she . at the same moment , the knight look up from he game . death it be you move , antonius block . the knight remain silent . he see mia go through the moonlight towards the wagon . jof bend down to pick up the pack and follow at a distance . death have you lose interest in we game ? the knight be eye become alarmed . death look at he intently . knight lose interest ? on the contrary . death you seem anxious . be you hide anything ? knight nothing escape you -- or do it ? death nothing escape I . no one escape from I . knight it 's true that I be worried . he pretend to be clumsy and knock the chess piece over with the hem of he coat . he look up at death . knight I have forget how the piece stand . death ( laugh contentedly ) but I have not forget . you can not get away that easily . death lean over the board and rearrange the piece . the knight look past he towards the road . mia have just climb up on the wagon . jof take the horse by the bridle and lead it down the road . death notice nothing ; he be completely occupy with reconstruct the game . death now I see something interesting . knight what do you see ? death you be mate on the next move , antonius block . knight that 's true . death do you enjoy you reprieve ? knight yes , I do . death I be happy to hear that . now I will be leave you . when we meet again , you and you companion ' time will be up . knight and you will divulge you secret . death I have no secret . knight so you know nothing . death I have nothing to tell . the knight want to answer , but death be already go . a murmur be hear in the tree top . Dawn come , a flicker light without life , make the forest seem threaten and evil . jof drive over the twist road . mia sit beside he . mia what a strange light . jof I guess it 's the thunderstorm which come with dawn . mia no , it 's something else . something terrible . do you hear the roar in the forest ? jof it 's probably rain . mia no , it be not rain . he have see we and he 's follow we . he have overtaken we ; he 's come towards we . jof not yet , Mia . in any case , not yet . mia I be so afraid . I be so afraid . the wagon rattles over root and stone ; it sway and creak . now the horse stop with he ear flat against he head . the forest sigh and stir ponderously . jof get into the wagon , Mia . crawl in quickly . we will lie down , Mia , with mikael between we . they crawl into the wagon and crouch around the sleep child . jof it be the angel of death that 's pass over we , Mia . it 's the angel of death . the angel of death , and he 's very big . mia do you feel how cold it be ? I be freezing . I be terribly cold . she shiver as if she have a fever . they pull the blanket over they and lie closely together . the wagon canvas flutter and beat in the wind . the roar outside be like a giant bellow . the castle be silhouett like a black boulder against the heavy dawn . now the storm move there , throw itself powerfully against wall and abutment . the sky darken ; it be almost like night . antonius block have bring he companion with he to the castle . but it seem desert . they walk from room to room . there be only emptiness and quiet echoe . outside , the rain be hear roaring noisily . suddenly the knight stand face to face with he wife . they look at each other quietly . karin I hear from people who come from the crusade that you be on you way home . I have be wait for you here . all the other have fle from the plague . the knight be silent . he look at she . karin do not you recognize I any more ? the knight nod , silent . karin you also have change . she walk closer and look searchingly into he face . the smile linger in she eye and she touch he hand lightly . karin now I can see that it 's you . somewhere in you eye , somewhere in you face , but hide and frighten , be that boy who go away so many year ago . knight it 's over now and I be a little tired . karin I see that you be tired . knight over there stand my friend . karin ask they in . they will break the fast with we . they all sit down at the table in the room , which be light by torch on the wall . silently they eat the hard bread and the salt - darken meat . karin sit at the head of the table and read aloud from a thick book . karin " and when the Lamb break the seventh seal , there be silence in heaven for about the space of half a hour . and I see the seven angel which stand before God ; and to they be give seven trumpet . and another ... " Three mighty knock sound on the large portal . karin interrupt she read and look up from the book . jon rise quickly and go to open the door . karin " the first angel sound , and there follow hail and fire mingle with blood , and they be cast upon the earth ; and the third part of the tree be burnt up and all the green grass be burnt up . " now the rain become quiet . there be suddenly a immense , frightening silence in the large , murky room where the burn torch throw uneasy shadow over the ceiling and the wall . everyone listen tensely to the stillness . karin " and the second angel sound , and as it be a great mountain burn with fire be cast into the sea ; and a third part of the sea become blood ... " step be hear on the stair . jon return and sit down silently at he place but do not continue to eat . knight be someone there ? jon no , my lord . I see no one . karin lift she head for a moment but once again lean over the large book . karin " and the third angel sound , and there fall a great star from heaven , burn as it be a torch , and it fall upon the third part of the river and upon the fountain of water ; and the name of the star be call wormwood ... " they all lift they head , and when they see who be come towards they through the twilight of the large room , they rise from the table and stand close together . knight good morning , noble lord . karin I be karin , the knight 's wife , and welcome you courteously to my house . plog I be a smith by profession and rather good at my trade , if I say so myself . my wife Lisa -- curtsy for the great lord , Lisa . she 's a little difficult to handle once in a while and we have a little spat , so to speak , but no worse than most people . the knight hide he face in he hand . knight from we darkness , we call out to thee , Lord . have mercy on we because we be small and frighten and ignorant . jon ( bitterly ) in the darkness where you be suppose to be , where all of we probably be .... in the darkness you will find no one to listen to you cry or be touch by you suffering . wash you tear and mirror yourself in you indifference . knight God , you who be somewhere , who must be somewhere , have mercy upon we . jon I could have give you a herb to purge you of you worry about eternity . now it seem to be too late . but in any case , feel the immense triumph of this last minute when you can still roll you eye and move you toe . karin quiet , quiet . jon I shall be silent , but under protest . girl ( on she knee ) it be the end . jof and mia sit close together and listen to the rain tapping lightly on the wagon canvas , a sound which diminish until finally there be only single drop . they crawl out of they hide place . the wagon stand on a height above a slope , protect by a enormous tree . they look across ridge , forest , the wide plain , and the sea , which glisten in the sunlight break through the cloud . jof stretch he arm and leg . mia dry the wagon seat and sit down next to she husband . mikael crawl between jof be knee . a lone bird test its voice after the storm . the tree and bush drip . from the sea come a strong and fragrant wind . jof point to the dark , retreate sky where summer lightning glitter like silver needle over the horizon . jof I see they , Mia ! I see they ! over there against the dark , stormy sky . they be all there . the smith and Lisa and the knight and raval and jun and skat . and death , the severe master , invite they to dance . he tell they to hold each other 's hand and then they must tread the dance in a long row . and first go the master with he scythe and hourglass , but skat dangle at the end with he lyre . they dance away from the dawn and it 's a solemn dance towards the dark land , while the rain wash they face and clean the salt of the tear from they cheek . he be silent . he lower he hand . his son , mikael , have listen to he word . now , he crawl up to mia and sit down in she lap . mia ( smile ) you with you vision and dream . screenplay by ingmar bergman