the adjustment bureau written by George nolfi base on a short story by Philip k Dick black screen the sound of a large crowd , but muffle , as if we be inside , and hearing the crowd through a window or door . fade in on : int . some sort of lobby -- day david norris , 33 , be have a private moment , look down , think . he wear a suit and tie . he seem relaxed and confident . content . completely in he element . in one of he hand he 's absentmindedly twirling a couple of individually - wrap ricola throat lozenge . we hear the muffle voice of someone on a PA system outside : voice on PA system thank you so much for come today -- a man in a blue blazer walk up to David . blue blazer Congressman norris - ? now reveal that we be Â±fl : the entry hall of the admin Building at St. johns University . a thousand people crowd the quad out front . " norris for Senate " placard everywhere . blue-blazer Fred o'malley with the dnc . I have never see a crowd this big turn out so early in the cycle . charlie traynor , 36 , arrive - -. charlie just wait ' till you see how they respond to he .. David pop a cherry lozenge into he mouth and straighten he lapel pin , which be shape like New York State . david do not build I up like that , Charlie . he will be disappointed . ext . ST . johns university -- MAIN quad -- day the crowd , many of they in they twenty , roar with approval as David walk out to the lectern on the step of the admin Building . david hi there . I be David norris . and I be run for the US Senate . 2/12/09 2. the crowd go wild . montage -- senate campaign -- David finish a speech at the fdny Academy 's graduation . the cadet jump to they foot and give he a stand ovation . -- David shake the hand of worker enter a . con Edison plant in buffalo . he 's a natural at this . unlike most politician he actually seem to enjoy campaigning . -- flashbulb go off as he play a game of pick - up basketball with a group of bronx teenager . Charlie be nearby . -- David take a ceremonial shovel full of dirt to begin redevelopment of a old military base upstate . -- he give a speech at a harlem church . audience watch David the way they watch JFK , the way they watch Obama today . he inspire , make they believe , make they want to follow he . especially young people . -- David walk through a suburban mall happily shaking hand as camera follow he and citizen snap picture with they camera-phone . people crush around he . he : do not seem to mind at all . he welcome it . he feed off it . -- he pop a cherry lozenge in he mouth and climb up onto a tractor to speak to a gather of upstate farmer , speak into a bullhorn to compensate for he hoarse voice . Charlie stand nearby watch he speak : . int . sheraton HOTEL room -- upstate somewhere -- dusk David enter he hotel room . the silence contrast starkly with the noisy energy of the campaign trail . he turn on the tv . scroll through the channel . after a moment shut it off . total silence again . it bother he . he open up he briefcase . pull out a thick file -- he itinerary for the next three day . dozen of speech and meeting across the state . he glance at the summary page on the top . glance down the page with he finger , stop , almost at random , on a speech he 's give two day from now at the Westchester County open Space initiative . david ( testing himself ) Karen Woods , founder . husband : bob. 2/12/09 3. david ( cont 'd ) kid : samantha , painting , and ricky , Little League . John pascal . wife : Anna . St. John 's grad . two year old : loyita ... he stop . know this cold . his finger run down to a realtor 's Association breakfast in nassau County four day out . david ( more testing ) abagail " Abby " best , Stuart broxterman , Chapel Davis , Milan sabovic , Jim vargas ... his ability to retain this sort of information be stun . he do not need to review . it 's already all there . he close he itinerary file . go to the window and look out at the tree . the silence back ... it 's deafen . int . sheraton lobby -- upstate somewhere -- night Charlie enter the lobby . stop suddenly : spot David , hold court at`the hotel bar . Fifteen stranger around he as he regales they with a story , despite the fact that he 's clearly lose he voice . Charlie walk over , pull he aside . charlie what the hell ? what happen to " I be go to have softie tea , rest my voice , and go to bed early ? " you have Diane sawyer tomorrow and you have to be up at four am for we to make it in time . David be hold , a beer , in he leave hand . with he free hand he pick up a cup and saucer . david I have some tea . ( see Charlie 's not in the mood ) come on , man . we be eight point up in the poll . I have gotta cut loose every once in a while and have a life . this provoke a quizzical look from Charlie . Fifteen stranger in a crappy upstate Sheraton do not seem like have a life to he ... 2/12/09 4. charlie ten. david what ? charlie latest poll have you ten point up . a slow smile spread across David 's face . CUT to : black screen the sound of a busy room . then one voice , much louder : campaign aide . County report : 8901 for lynfield , 7233 for norris . int . waldorf astoria HOTEL suite -- night Charlie traynor walk over to the aide who just shout that . she 's write vote total onto a map of New York by county . charlie ( natural optimist ) better than I think , I think we would get kill in seneca . he turn to look at a large suite full of more than a dozen norris supporter talk on phone and type into laptop . charlie Eddie , call boyd ! where the hell be the . Suffolk number ? we have get to get the Suffolk number ! ext . rooftop near waldorf -- night a light snow fall . four men in conservative suit , overcoat , and fedora walk across the roof of a forty - story building . they clothing be more timeless than old - fashioned . and somehow so be they demeanor . the man get to the edge and look down over the city , almost - as if it 's they domain . 2/12/09 5 . int . waldorf HOTEL room -- night David watch the election coverage on tv . pundit be discuss the New York Senate race , which CNN have already call for David 's opponent . pundit # 1 Congressman norris have a reputation for be very direct , even blunt , in he campaign speech , which be great until you say too many thing you wish you have not . then you start to look like a amateur . pundit # 2 that 's bad for any candidate but it 's fatal if you be run for Senate at the age of 33 , you opponent keep call you a " impulsive kid , " and you almost kill you entire political career five month ago with a act of immaturity that end up on the front page of` . the New York Post . David wince slightly . this be excruciate . just then Charlie enter .. the nerve center . suite be visible through the open door behind he . - charlie why be you still watch CNN ? they call this way too early . David do not share he friend 's optimism . int . waldorf HOTEL suite '-- nerve CENTER -- night a ' campaign aide with a phone to she ear shout to the room : aide Suffolk County number ! Charlie and David emerge from the private room to listen . aide ( o.s. ) lynfield : 415,120 . norris : 370,233 . Charlie 's energy and optimism disappear instantly . charlie ( after long beat ) I really think we would win Suffolk . 2/12/09 6. a senior aide walk over . senior aide king County just come in too . a brutal he show a piece of paper to Charlie and David . beat ... david well , it 's over . and it 's go to be a blowout ... David put on a brave face . . . but this be the first moment that he realize not only be he go to lose , but he 's go to lose big . it 's go to be a grand , . public humiliation . senior aide NBC have we up next . Charlie take a clicker and turn the close tv to NBC . brian william turn now to the New York Senate race , NBC be now call the election for Roger ' lynfield . after a shockingly poor show in both Suffolk county and in he home county , king , it now appear that David norris will lose this election badly , perhaps by as much as 10 point . ext . rooftop -- night the four man in dark suit .. the boss 's name be richardson , early 40s . his top aide be . aharry , 5as . richardson this be a.bignight , gentleman . ( toharry ) be ever ything set ? Harry nod . Richardson notice he eye : richardson you look tired . you should take a vacation when we finish with this . you will have earn it . harry I be not sure the kind of tired I feel would be fix by a vacation . 2/12/09 7. richardson sure it would . everybody need a vacation . even we . CUT to : int . waldorf HOTEL suite -- nerve CENTER -- night the staff and supporter in here have become very quiet . they candidate be stand in the middle of the room , but no one can look at he . and David can not look at they either ... david ( to charlie ) I be go to take a walk , figure out my speech . int . grand ballroom -- night four-hundr campaign worker follow election news on big screen in the waldorf 's Grand ballroom . no one say a word . the mood have go from . hopeful to funereal in sixty second . int . waldorf lobby -- night David slip through the lobby with only a few look from the staff . but when he.get to the door he see that press van line the front of the hotel . there will be no peace for he if he step out there . he turn around . assistant manager good evening , Congressman . you be in the Grand ballroom if that 's what you be look for . david actually just look for a place to be alone for a minute before I head in there . assistant manager none of the banquet room on the third floor be in use tonight . david thank you . int . empty banquet room -- night David stand alone look out at the empty room . try to get use to it . it 's not easy . 2/12/09 8. int . men' room -- night David enter the huge , ornate , man 's room and go to the row of sink . he pull two ricola cherry lozenge from he pocket . he twirl they in he hand for a moment . then toss they into the trash can . he look at himself in the mirror , fight to hold himself together . a sound behind he . David spin to see a woman exite one of the stall . she 's in a stun ball gown and carry a expensive bottle of champagne . woman hi . I hope I do not startle you . david what be you do in here ? woman hiding from security . david oh ... . what do you do ? woman crashed a wedding . one floor up . david it 's almost midnight . they ' just catch on now ? woman ivana trump finally realize I be not she niece . I think after the fifth ; glass of champagne my Czech accent start slip . spite of David 's state that get a grin . david be you for real ? woman life be short . david hard to argue with that . woman you be that guy run for Senate be not you ? david I be " that guy . " 2/12/09 9. woman you win ? david no . woman too bad . the other guy 's a tool . david ( laugh ) maybe I should have make that clearer in my ad . woman personally , I think moon you friend at a college reunion be no big deal . ( beat ) and I do not think the Post should have print the photo . David just shake he head . he will never , ever live that down and he know it . woman at least not full page . he can not help but crack up . woman listen , I have do it . david you be not run , for Senate at the time . woman do you still have a chance or be it over ? david he crush I . she have beautiful eye . and a exceptional gift for convey empathy ... woman you must ... I do not know what you must be feel ... david win would feel better . but lose have its advantage . 2/12/09 10 . woman like what ? david the only time a politician be alone be when he 's asleep .. .or in the bathroom . after eight year in politics that get kind of hard to take . she tilt she head a little , give he a curious look . woman watch you , you would never know it . the way she look at he , the way she say it , David know she see what other miss in he -- even if he be not even quite sure what it be . not yet . david thank you ... woman well , everything happen for a reason , right ? even lose . God , I be really rollrng out the platitude tonight , be not I ? david it 's the champagne . brine out the hallmark in people . woman after it kill they Czech accent . she offer : he the bottle . he hesitates , then take it . david why not ? I have to think up some good platitude for my speech . he take a gulp of champagne . woman why the hell would you do that ? david apparently , even if I have not be catch drop my drawer in the middle of a senate campaign I would have lose the election anyway because I be too blunt . woman ( swig of champagne ) say who ? 2/12/09 11 . david the tv pundit . woman fuck them . they just wish they have the ball to be candidate themselves . she hand he the champagne bottle again . woman and they work for the man anyway . ( beat ) you go to run again ? david ( drink ) tonight 's probably not the night to ask . woman ( finger pointing ) no , it be . look at I . you have to run again . do - yo hear I ? she 's serious about this . intense . woman otherwise the-country will be run by tool . like lynwood . david " field . " ( of for she look ) " lynfield . " a beat . she shrug . then they lean toward each other ... and kiss . it turn more and more passionate . when they finally pull apart : david Holy shit . she seem just as surprised . they look at each other and laugh . just then the bathroom door open . it 's Charlie . he see David and the woman . charlie David ? woman ( suddenly embarrassed ) I better go . 2/12/09 12. she exit . david wait -- int . 3rd floor ballroom area the woman come out of the bathroom . David be right behind she . then Charlie . david wait . the woman turn to face David . suddenly two hotel guard turn the corner and spot the woman . HOTEL security there ! they rush toward she . woman gotta go . ( to David , emphatically . ) do not let the bastard grind you down . she spin and sprint away . the hotel guard chase she . charlie what the hell be that ? david I be really not sure . David have a huge grin on he face . david but I think I be ready to give my speech . int . grand ballroom -- night David as he walk out from behind a curtain onto the dais . his supporter start clap ... . but clearly they be heartbroken . David look completely peaceful . david I grow up in Red hook and I do not want to shock anybody but I get in a few fist fight along the way . laughter ripple through the crowd . we do not know enough yet to get the joke . 2/12/09 13. david and we use to have a say when you get in a fight : " it 's not whether or not you get knock down -- because eventually everyone do -- it 's what you do when you get back up . " ( beat ) do not worry , I be not go to moon you . the audience explode with laughter this time . david but I be ... ( wait for the laughter to die down ) but I be go to get backup . I want to come out here tonight and give you a victory speech , a speech I have dream of give foremost of my life . but life do not always deal you the card you want . the audience sober now . reflective . david my life change when I be ten year old . my entire world turn upside - down . ' his audience , . know exactly what he 's talk about . david and as I look for something to - hang ; on to , something ; to help I cope ' with what have . happen the only thing that make sense to I be service . find a way to do something with my life that leave this world a little better than I find it . the audience be move . tear begin to well up . people dab at they eye . CUT to : ext . madison sq . park -- pre dawn the sky be just beginning to turn from black to deep blue . the park be still and silent . a black mercede pull up on madison Ave . Mr. Richardson , again in a dark suit , get out and enter the park . 2/12/09 14 . ext . park bench -- pre dawn Harry sit on one of the bench -- a fedora in he lap to complement a gray flannel suit . Richardson arrive . richardson he spill he coffee when he step out of Starbucks . the moment he come through the door . harry get it . richardson we model indicate between 7:00 and 7:05 be . Harry nod but he seem distant Richardson see this . richard son you plan that vacation , right ? harry two week . Richardson clap he din - the shoulder and leave . Harry watch he go . int . bedroom -- morning a alarm clock read " 5:44 airy . " it turn to " 5:45 " and the alarm go off . a hand reach over and tap the alarm off . follow the arm back to David norris in a king -size bed . he rub he eye , stretch he neck , and climb out of bed . int . equinox gym . -- morning David work out . he 's get the -energy - level of a 25 year - old . he run on a treadmill . Hit the heavy bag . do sit-up . int . live room -- david' apartment examine David 's spacious one - bedroom overlook madison Square Park . his desk and dining room table be cover with stack of paper and file . a flat screen display cnbc : cnbc anchor ( v.0 . ) rsr Capital announce yesterday that David norris would become its vice Chairman . 2/12/09 15 . int . bathroom -- day David shave . cnbc anchor ( v.0 . ) norris work at Goldman sach for four year before run for Congress at the tender age of 25 . int . live room -- david' apartment a desk be set up at one end of the live room . a new model blackberry on the desk next to another cell phone . cnbc anchor he serve four term in the House -- the blackberry ring . cnbc anchor -- prior to he unsuccessful bid for Senate in last week 's election . David rush over and ? icks=up the blackberry . he have to look for a second to figure out how to hit " answer . " cnbc anchor rsr , one ofthe country 's fastest - grow hedge fund be run by no ris 's former Goldman colleague and campaign chairman , Charles ' raynor -- the blackberry ring again . it 's very loud . cnbc anchor . he . electrify concession speech lead commentator to -- finally David find the answer button as he mute the tv . david hello ? charlie ( tel . v.0 ) Tom frankel from the Journal be call you in five minute . I just give he this number . david give he 3227 . I be not use to this phone yet . 2/12/09 16 . charlie can not . he 's go to ask you about join the firm . my compliance guy say all firm business have to be do on the blackberry . david really ? charlie sarbane - Oxley . you vote for it , pal . in fact , you cosponsor it . ext . starbucks -- morning through the window we see David get he morning coffee . he exit and leave frame . hold on the door of Starbucks . ext . madison square park -- morning Harry be snore on he bench . David walk past . ext . fifth avenue -- day David arrive at fifth just in time to catch the " M1 Limited - stop " bus arriving`at the stop . ext . madison square park -- morning sunlightpeek :.through a gap in the building and fall on Harry 's leave eye , waking he . he bolt upright . check he watch , shit ! he look around quickly . spot David about to get of n the bus . Harry leap : up -- int morning . as David pay , he notice Harry sprinting for the bus . david Sir , there 's someone -- bus driver there 's another M1 right behind I . ext . 23rd STREET -- morning the bus pull out . Harry keep run after it . 2/12/09 17 . harry no ... int . bus -- morning as David walk down the aisle a couple of passenger recognize he face . . . but they do not say anything . David near a empty aisle seat . a woman be curl up in the window seat , sleep . she wear a funky mini-dress , knee - high argyle sock under leather boot , and a ( clash ) argyle bucket cap . David sit next to she . and stare . david no way ... it 's the woman from election night . ' , he lean around to try to see the front of she face . " it 's definitely she . his eye drift down at she leg . just then she open she eye . she recoil for a second ; . then` she eye soften when she realize who it be . david ( momentarly self - conscious ) I think . we " have meet . woman ( deadpan ) you need a better line than that or I will have to assume you be a pervert who like to stare at girl ' leg while - , they sleep . david ( smile , game on ) you skirt be so short I could not help it . woman dress . david skirt , dress , same thing . woman if you be a pervert , yeah . all that matter be they both show leg . david so do short , dear . 2/12/09 18. woman yeah , but there 's that pesky piece of fabric right here that interfere with you fantasy life . she shut she eye and lean against the window . woman wake I when you have a good come back to that . david I have one but , unlike you , I would not say it in public . woman ( eye still close ) pussy . David laugh . can not believe this woman . in a good way . his blackberry ring . her eye pop open . david.pick up . david hello ...? hello ? David look at he . phone . the signal have go to zero . david ( to woman ) the line cut . woman that ringer get any - louder or do you pretty much have it max out ? david you be relentless . woman I never sleep through the night . I catch up on the bus . ( beat ) you go to run again ? david I just start a new job , today . woman ( serious now ) I see you concession speech . I hear Bill Clinton call it the best political speech he 's see in 20 year . David look back at she . 2/12/09 19 . david something get into I . he mean she . they stare at each other . david what 's the deal with you and argyle ? woman what 's the deal with you and boring shade of blue ? David be wear a navy blue suit , blue shirt , and blue tie . a beat . david at least my clothes match . woman that 's easy if you . restrict yourself to one color . david the belt and shoe be black . woman variety be the spice of .life . david there you` go with the platitude again . I guess it be not the ch mpagne . his blackberry go again . ring -ring . david hello ? hello ? he shake he head . it 's dead again . ext . broadway and 19th STREET -- morning Harry run down Broadway look east on 19th to try to spot the bus on Park . int . bus --morning woman you phone suck . do not guy like you get special phone that actually work in the middle of the biggest city in the country ? 2/12/09 20 . david depend what the telecom lobby think of you voting record . ext . broadway and 19th STREET -- morning Harry spot the bus pass on Park . he jam he fedora on he head and stretch he arm out -- harry now . int . bus -- morning David 's phone ring again . as he reach for the phone he fumble he coffee cup , the lid come off , and a slosh of coffee crest the brim and splashes on the woman 's dress . david oh , Jesus ... ( fighting laughter ) I be sorry . ext . broadway and 19th -- morning Harry 's face . harry shit ! he 's look at a leather portfolio . we catch a glimpse inside : a complicated circuit diagram . Harry shut the book , look 's up to get a bead on " the the bus , then take off down Broadway , again , hope to cut it off at Union Square . int . ' bus -- morning david I will pay for the damage . he pull out he wallet . there 's $ 7 inside . she laugh . woman hope you new job pay better than you old one . david give I you number and I will send you a check . 2/12/09 21 . woman God , that be smooth . spill coffee on I then ask for my number . she take the coffee from he hand and casually take a sip , then turn back to he with a devilish look in she eye . woman just let I spill some on you and we will be even . she thrust the cup toward he tie . David parry . david it 's my first day at the office ! woman tell you boss some crazy chick dumped coffee on you on the MI . it 's New York ; he will understand . she thrust the cup back at he - david no ! he grab the cup with both he hand over hers . woman ( actually pleading ) come on . just a little . they struggle with the cup . &lt ; , ;: both suppress laughter . david you be crazy . actually crazy . the phone on David 's lap 'ring again . she snatch it with she free hand . woman ( into phone ) he 's not here ! she hang up . david who be that ? she shrug . sorry , pal . he lunge for he phone , but she hold it on the other side of she body . david what be this , third grade ? 2/12/09 22. woman you forget what that be like , do not you ? how fun it be ... that stop he for a moment . until the phone ring again . woman oh my God ! how do you stand it ? she drop the phone into the coffee . woman there . we be even . he stare at she . incredulous . they lock eye . God know what would come next if they be in private ... the fourth ring gurgle up through the coffee . a beat . woman sturdy little fucker , be not it ? she pull the phone out of the cup and wipe it off with she scarf , push the button which send the call to voice mail . then she reach out she hand , as if to shake . woman by the way , I be elise . ext . union square -- day elise exit .. the bus . David stand at the bus door watch she . she turn back to look at he . david the morning after . I lose I wake up think about you . that melt she . instantly . all she bravado drop . int . bus -- morning moment later . through the window , David watch elise walk down the sidewalk . they eye meet . she blow he a little kiss before she turn the corner . his heart skip a beat as the bus continue on down Union Square East . ext . union square -- morning Harry run through Union Square bee-line for David 's bus . 2/12/09 23. int . bus -- morning David look at elise 's number , scribble on a piece of paper . he carefully tuck she number into he wallet . then take the most satisfy sip of coffee he 's ever have in he life -- ext . union square -- morning spot David through the bus window , Harry thrust he fedora back onto he head and point at the bus -- int . bus -- morning just as David finish he sip the-plastic lid pop off the cup . a second earlier and the coffee would have pour all over he shirt . instead it spill : on the floor . ext . union square -- morning harry dammit ! Harry sprint out onto lark Avenue now , right behind the bus - - honk ! Harry turn just in time to see a.taxi skid into he . trunk ! he roll up onto the hood -- int . rsr capital -- charlie' office -- morning a big corner office . the phone ring . Charlie pick up . david ( tel . v.o. ) guess who I just sit down next to on the bus ? intercutting with charlie charlie who ? david the woman from election night . ext . park avenue south -- morning a daze Harry lie in the road ... the taxi driver who hit he jump out of he car to see if Harry be okay ... 2/12/09 24 . int . bus -- morning charlie ( tel . v.o. ) the one you kiss ? david she kiss I . I just do not fight it . ext . park avenue south -- morning Harry sit up ... he 's bruise but okay . he look around for something . spot he crush hat under the taxi 's front tire . int . bus -- morning charlie ( o.s. ) you be shitting I . just randomly you sit down next to -- he 's cut off mid-word . david Charlie ? David look at he phone . " call lose " on the screen . David hit redial . get a fast busy . david ' ( to himself ) . this be ridiculous . he pocket he phone . ext . park avenue south morning the taxi driver be with Harry now . taxi driver be you okay ? Harry be sit now , wince , but still search intently for something . harry I be fine -- will you hand I that ? Harry point at he leather portfolio on the pavement a few foot away . we will come to know it as a " planbook . " 2/12/09 25 . taxi driver ( cont 'd ) be you sure you be okay ? the driver hand it to he . Harry flip to a bookmark page and we get we first good look at that circuit diagram : thousands of interconnected line . dozen of geometric symbol at intersection point . and write notation in a language as complex as Sanskrit cross with chinese . and , maybe it 's just a trick of the light but several of the line appear to re-arrange themselves on the page . harry oh ...shit ... ext . CITY STREET -- morning David 's still grin as he reach he downtown office tower . he enter through the revolve door -- int . david' office build '-- ground floor lobby -- morning empty , except for a bored - look security guard at the other end of the lobby . David get into a empty elevator . int . 41st floor lobby -- morning David walk past the receptionist she 's on the phone . he wave as-he : pass by . no wade back . she must not see he . david okay ... daviddecide he do not need to announce himself . int . rsr capital office -- morning David enter to find the office suite quiet ... not a soul in sight . not a single secretary be here . david ( loud , playful ) do not anybody bother get in before eight at this place ? David pass a couple of empty office on he way towards a large corner suite where a secretary sit outside a office mark " Charles traynor , Chairman . " she 's smile . 2/12/09 26 . david ( cont 'd ) ( exuberant ) Susan ! how be you today ? ( when she do not move ) Susan ? David look closer across she desk . her face be freeze . david ( cont 'd ) Susan ? he lean across she desk , touch she arm . she stay dead still . David rush through Charlie 's door : david call 911 ! something 's wrong with Susan ! int . charlie' office -- morning -- and rush in to find that Charlie be freeze too -- with the phone up to he ear . like he 's in a wax museum . he be surround by four man in bulky , metallic silver protective suit .( think airport firefighter gear ) . one of the man adjust three metal . probe which be attach to the leave side .of Charlie 's skull . david Jesus ! Three man in business suit talk by the window spin to see David . it 's Mr. Richardson and - two aide we recognize as the " security guard " who chase elise away on election night . david ( , .cont 'd ) what the hell be you do ?! Richardson blink clearly surprised . then : richardson grab he ! David bolt out of the office as they lunge at he -- int . rsr office floor -- morning David sprint toward the door he come in . it close as he get there . he grab it . it 's lock . he sprint away into a internal hallway . Richardson emerge from a door in the middle of the hallway . 2/12/09 27 . David jump a mile . it 's physically impossible that Richardson could have get there that fast . richardson you can not get away , David . David spin and rush back into the main office , then down a internal staircase to the floor below . jump the last five step and hit the floor hard . as he come up he run smack into another rsr employee who be freeze solid . David curse , then dive around the freeze employee to find Richardson , come out of another office . down the hall . again , physically impossible for he to get there that fast -- David spin and -- a distorted wide angle shot of a chloroform rag shove right at we . focus goe in and out ... from david be Pov , blurry focus as he 's carry toward one of the large corner office on the 40th floor . the nameplate read " Steve kincaid . " Richardson open the door and usher he man , carry David , inside -- except when they walk through the door they be not in a office 40 floor above lower Manhattan , : they step inside a large warehouse ... they movement completely violate the law of physics . black screen silence . then voice come up slowly : richardson ( o.s. ) yes , sir . no , sir . no , sir . I understand that , sir . absolutely . I will do that , sir . ( beat ) what a goddamm mess . mccrady ( o.s. ) be that Donaldson ? richardson ( o.s. ) yes . mccrady ( o.s. ) what do you want to do ? 2/12/09 28. fade up -- blurry at first -- to david be Pov of the warehouse David catch a glimpse of just before he pass out . a half - dozen member of the " intervention team " ( the Silver suit ) stand nearby . Richardson and mccrady ( one of the man from the rooftop ) stand behind David , about 20 foot away . richardson ( o.s. ) can you reset he ? mccrady ( o.s. ) I do not think we have the authority in a situation like this . richardson ( o.s. ) call legal - burdensky ( 0.s. ) . legal just arrive . int . warehouse -- day reveal burdensky , a 50 year - old in a pin-stripe suit , carry a briefcase . he.walks to Richardson . burdensky re-setting 's off the table . this be we fault :... Richardson glance irately at Harry , who stand by himself off to the side , clearly disgrace . David , who be tie to a chair face away from Richardson , crane around to see who 's talk . david hey . the suit stare back in silence for a beat , then turn back to talk amongst themselves -- though at a lower volume . richardson what be my option ? burdensky ( ignoring david ) you could bullshit he but you ' will never be completely successful . david can somebody tell I what 's go on ? 2/12/09 29 . burdensky ( still ignore he ) the question will burn in he till the day he die . you will have to monitor he constantly ... on david he can hear little snippet of what burdensky 's say -- burdensky ( partially audible ) .to make sure he do not talk ... the endless ripple effect ... reveal David untying the rope restrain he . on the suit burdensky if it be I , I would level with he . ric : hardson completely ? burdensky that 's the only way to extinguish he curiosity . Richardson turn and study David . then walk over to he . a uncomfortable pause . david who be you guy ? richardson we be the people v ho make sure thing happen accord to plan . David stare back at he for a moment . then leap up . his rope come off and the chair fall . he sprint toward a open door forty foot across the warehouse . Richardson make a little gesture with he hand -- close - up of the floor it crack .. . and displace upward .. .so it 's uneven just as David 's foot come down on it . 2/12/09 30 . back to wide shot David trip and go fly -- moment later David be drag back to the center of the room and place back in he chair in front of Richardson . richardson do you really think I could not see that come ? David dab blood from he lip , which split during the fall . richardson ( cont 'd ) I can read you mind ! David stare back . richardson ( cont 'd ) yeah , really ... ( beat ) choose a color . ( barely a beat ) Blue . choose a number . ( even less time ) seventeen . David 's jaw drop slightly . Richardson be clearly right . richardson now , . why be you still decide whether or not to run ? David 's hand go to he head` , involuntarily , a atavistic response , as if ; s.omehow that will keep he thought from spilling out into view . richardson you see the futility of that back at the office . David 's entire reality have finally be bent to the break point . he can not hang on any longer to a explanation for all this base in the world he 's know to date ... david what the hell be happen to I ? 2/12/09 31 . richardson you just see behind a curtain you be not even suppose to know be there , Mr. norris . its jarring . I be sure . david I just ... come to work ... richardson it be not you fault . you path through the world this morning be suppose to be adjust . ( glance bitterly at Harry , in the corner ) you coffee be suppose to.spill onto you shirt as you leave Starbucks near you apartment . you would have go up to change and arrive at work ten minute later than you do . by then we would have leave . ( beat ) people call it " chance " when they coffee spill or they internet go down or they misplace they key . sometimes it be . sometimes it 's:us ... nudging you back on plan . David take all this in . he 's still shell - shocked . david whatever you be do to Charlie back there ... it be not misplace he key . richardson sometimes . when nudging a person back on plan be not enough we intervene directly . david why Charlie ? what do you do to he . richardson you need to worry about get back on you plan , David , not worry about we put he back on he . David stare back , still try to get he bearing . richardson ( cont 'd ) only a handful of human being know what you now know , David . we be determine to keep it that way . 2/12/09 32 . richardson ( cont 'd ) so before I let you go , you need to understand something : if you ever reveal we existence we will erase you brain . you memory , you emotion , you entire personality will be expunge . you friend and family will think you have go crazy . you will not " think " anything because a blank slate can not " think . " davidstare back . richardson do you understand what I just say ? david yes ... richardson not a word . not one word about we . ( long beat as he study david be face ) okay ... . you be free to go . David stand there a monent ..:. not sure it 's real . Richardson point at the door . David walk toward it . just then another man come up to Richardson . new man in suit there 's awoman . richardson ( sigh ) there 's always &amp ; woman ... Richardson motion ; to he man . at.-the door two man come through from outside and block David 's exit . david he say I could go . CENTER of room new man in suit you will not believe who she be . he hold open a planbook for Richardson to see . 2/12/09 33. richardson how be that possible ? why do not we get a alert ? new man in suit he be not suppose to be on that bus . he be suppose to be change he shirt in he apartment ... it be a control situation . it be suppose to be . the new man look at Harry . at the door David look back at Richardson . david you say I could go . Richardson walk over to he . ric , hardson you run into a woman name elise on the bus this morning ? david ( : go very still ) why do it 'matter ? richardson you be not ever suppose to see she again . david why do you care .? richardson because , David , you can not be with she . and we do not want to have to resort to this -- four big guy grab David and pull he arm backwards like prison guard incapacitate a prisoner . Richardson reach into David 's pocket and pull out he wallet -- david what the hell -- what be you -- Richardson remove the piece of paper that elise write she number on from David 's wallet -- david ( cont 'd ) no -- 2/12/09 34 . Richardson place the wallet back in David 's pocket , then pull out a lighter -- david ( cont 'd ) no ! and burn elise 's number . David strain and try to pull loose from the vice- like grip of the four intervention team man . but he can not get free . david ( cont 'd ) what be wrong with you people ?! Richardson drop the paper on the floor and let it burn . on David 's reaction CUT to : ext . warehouse -- day David exit through a steel door. , it clang shut behind he . he stand there unable to proceed for a long beat then start walk to the corner to orient himself . down one street he spot the Manhattan Bridge , down the other the Brooklyn Bridge . he 's in dumbo . int . brooklyn cocktail lounge -- afternoon David sit alone at the bar . his hand tremble slightly . bartender you be David norris , right ? david Ice water . bartender that 's it ? David nod . Harry arrive . harry we should talk . but not here . go back to work and I will contact you later today with a place to meet . 2/12/09 35 . david okay . Harry can see that David be still very shake . harry the world 's exactly the same as it 's always be . you just understand it more completely now . ( beat ) hang on to what matter before you know any of this and you will be fine . ext . brooklyn bridge -- day a thousand - yard stare on he face , David walk toward downtown Manhattan amid dozen of -- pedestrian commuter . int . rsr office -- day David enter . stare at , , hisnew colleague go about they business as if nothing happen . int . 40 th floor --:day David stand in ftontof the corner office label " Steve kincaid . " he hesitates , then open it . he see a empty office with a killer view of New - , York Harbor . it 's strangely disorient for he . secretary ( o.s . ) Mr. ikincaid 's in the finance meeting , congressitan . Main conference room . David turn to see she . david thanks . David walk away , still try to get he bearing in the new reality he now know . Charlie come around a corner . charlie there you be . I call you cell ten time . you leave I hang . david sorry ... 2/12/09 36 . charlie ( see the look in david be eye ) be you okay ? ( off David 's nod ) come on , we be late . happy first day by the way . they head towards the conference room . charlie you sure you be okay . david Fine . how about you ? charlie great . why ? david no headache or -- charlie I feel fantastic , - man . be it just , I or be this a odd conversation ? ( off David " 's non-response . ) what the hell happen with the girl ? david after the meeting . int . conference room rsr capital day long shot from outside the building . the firm 's partner sit at they weekly investment committee meeting . David watch Charlie intently , look for what 's change ... int rsr capital office -- day David and Charlie walk back to David 's office . charlie ( cont 'd ) please explain to I why you do not have a ear- to - ear smile right now . they enter -- int . david' office -- day David hesitates . it 's like he friend be a alien .. . but then again he 's totally normal . 2/12/09 37 . david I lose she number . charlie you lose she number ? david ( search for something ) I be pickpockete . charlie come on . you can not be serious . ( off David 's look ) you be serious ... oh , man ... dude . I be sorry ... I be really sorry ... ext . pier -- adjacent to west side highway -- day David sit on a bench look at the water . the wind pick up and he put he hand in he , coatpocket to keep they warm . his right hand feel something . he pull out a ticket for the 4 pm Circle .. line tourist boat cruise . ext . circle line crutge -- day the boat pull away front=the dock . it 's mist rain so there 's only asmatter of tourist on - board . David stand look back at Manhattan . Harry be next to he . harry a lot of people just collapse when they see what you have s'een . they personal choice suddenly seem meaningless to they . life start to feel pointless . david I was` raise to believe there 's something behind the curtain . I just never picture it quite like this . harry most people do not . Harry look over he shoulder , scan for any sign of he colleague . he 's far from relaxed . harry how be you feel ? david you should know . you can read my mind , right ? 2/12/09 38 . Harry hesitates ... as if he 's not sure how much to tell David , how far to go with this . finally : harry Richardson be just try to scare you . david he know what color I be think . harry because he set it up as a choice . " choose a color . choose a number " david so ? Harry look away . he 's crossing a line . he 's really put himself out there : harry we can not read you mind or hear you thought . but before you make a choice you brain weigh option , and we percpite that . we know if you be go to go off plan " or not because , as long as we be close enough , we cansense it when it 's about to happen . david it - ; ' 's like a sixth sense for you ? harry seventh , actually . david what do they do too Charlie ? harry make some small change in the way he assess risk . david what type of risk ? harry ( this be beside the point ) I do not know . something arcane . something to do with mortgage - back security . david that 's all ? 2/12/09 39 harry yes . david what would you colleague do to you if they know what you be tell I ? this be precisely what Harry have be worried about . harry that 's why we be meeting out here . david they be not follow I ? harry we do not have the manpower to follow everybody all the time . they be check in on you . just not here . not right now . on David 's face consider this . ext . upper deck day moment later . they stand out of earshot of the few tourist up here . david why be you help I ? harry I have my reason . David study he . ha=rry 's ' clearly not ready to go into they : david why do they care if I be with elise ? harry you entire reality get shattered this morning and you want to know about a woman ? david why do they care ? Harry look back at he . taken aback a bit by how much David seem to care . harry I do not know . 2/12/09 40 . david you have no idea ? harry all I know be , give the amount of resource they have use , keep you from she be pretty important to they . ( off David 's silence ) you be go to look for she be not you ? again , David be silent . harry ( cont 'd ) there be twelve million people in this city . on a slow day . you be not go to find she , you do realize that , do not yore -? ( beat ) even if a hypnotist pull she number out of the recess of you brain , no matter how many time you call it , you , would never get through ... david ( he face harden ) they send you here to tell I that ? harry ( cont 'd ) you want my advice ? forget about she . accept that you ' `&gt ;ll never see she again . move on with you life . on David as Harry 's word sink in . fade to : ext . madison square park -- morning huge shaft of morning sunlight cut across the park outside David 's apartment . the tree be bloom . it 's spring now . int . bedroom -- morning a alarm clock read 6:29 be . David lie alone in bed . he 's already awake , stare at the ceiling ... after a long beat the alarm clock ring . David shut it off . but then just lie there ... 2/12/09 41 . int . david' apartment -- morning it 's the same apartment -- except it 's bigger now . instead of two large window on the park , he apartment be now six window across . ( he have buy the two one - bedroom next to he and knock the wall down ) . Three year have pass . no file on the table , like there be the last time we be here . David be on the phone in a new park - view study . charlie ( phone v.o . ) how be you feel about the speech ? David have not noticeably age and yet he 's more tempere and subdued than when we last see he . we `hear it in he voice : david I be ready ... I change a few thing last night . charlie ( phone v.o . ) tell I at breakfast . through the window at david David finish he call , then look out the window . there be a detachment in has eye that do not exist before . after a moment , he get his=coat and head for the door . ext . madison square park -- morning David exit Starbucks with a coffee . he walk across the park toward the same fifth Avenue bus stop he do three year ado . ` even he posture and , - gait be different . int . bus -- morning David enter the ml bus . he feed he metrocard into the reader as he look down the aisle scan the rider .. . more out of habit than actual hope . he walk back to take a seat . int . bus -- minute later -- morning David stare idly out the window . his blackberry buzze with a text message . look down at it . then look back out the window . suddenly he eye snap into focus . david be Pov : the bus pass a woman walk on the sidewalk . 2/12/09 42. David 's head whip around , only able to see she from the back now . she walk like elise . she 's dress in the same eclectic style . he slam the red " next stop " strip , jump to he foot , and run to the front of the bus . david stop the bus . driver the next stop -- david now . ext . east village -- morning the bus stop . David jump out on Broadway . follow he as he take off across the street and run down 12th . he catch up to she at University place . david elise ! the woman turn around . and it 's she ... elise David ? david hi. elise wow ... how areyou . reeling from the adrenaline ; David take a moment , then : david ( from the heart ) I ride the ml to work every day for the last three year hope one day I would run into you again . she 's amused , rather than move , because she do not buy it . elise Calling would have be easier . david I could not . elise girlfriend would not let you ? 2/12/09 43. david no girlfriend . she look at he with continue skepticism . but he expression be dead serious . david ( cont 'd ) can we go somewhere and talk ? she hesitates . it hurt when he do not call . she 's angry at herself for that , but it 's the truth . elise ( be : he suit ) do not you have to get to work ? david I just get sick . elise " I have not see you in three year - - you make I sick " be not a ideal come - on . for the record . David smile . she 's soften . a little . his phone vibrate . he pull it out of he pocket . david one second . ( picking up ) charliet can not make breakfast . charlie ( phone v.o . ) why not ? david and ... I might have to push the speech . charlie ( phone v.o . ) what ? be you crazy ?! david I just run into elise . he hang up . elise you just hang up on you best friend . david we have know each other since we be kid . we have a shorthand . 2/12/09 44 . he 's not be flip or clever or smooth . he 's be matter - of - fact . serious . elise what speech ? david do not matter . let 's take a walk . his focus on she be absolute . but she 's wary of get reele in again . elise where ? david somewhere far . we have a lot to talk about . elise I do not think you should cancel you speech . what if I do not like you at the end of we walk ? david I will take my chance . elise seri6us1y , my number have not change : . just call I like you do not last time . david my-speech will always be there , you might not be . elise ( amuse / indignant ) I be there , David . you do not callrie ! david walk with I and I will explain that . she 's still dubious . his phone vibrate . this time he turn it off . david ( cont 'd ) ( a statement of fact ) I be not lose you again . I be not let you out of my sight . elise stalker . 2/12/09 45 . david can we walk ? the moment she finally relent , CUT to : following shot Polished black shoe run down a corridor on a impossibly shiny black floor with inlaid decorative silver border . int . elegant office -- day Mr. Richardson sit at a large desk . the design be Art Deco cross with Albert speer . downtown Manhattan be visible out the 30th floor window . Richardson 's aide enter . mccrady we have a problem . ext . gramercy -- day David and elise walk north . elise it 's be year , David . how do you know I do not have a boyfriend ? oh , shit . he have not even have time to think about that . david you have a boyfriend ? EL ; E would it - matter ? david ( trapped ) uh...yeah ... elise so all the stuff about I be in you mind constantly for the last three year be just talk ... the truth be you do not have any real conviction . david it would not matter . elise so you do not care about be a home -wrecker ? 2/12/09 46 . david okay ... if you be marry it would matter . elise now you be just try to say what you think I want to hear . a beat . she let David twist in the wind ... elise I be single . on David 's face : relief ... elise now let 's hear you bullshit excuse for never call I . david I do not have you number . elise what ? david it be take from I . I be mug . elise oh , come on . david you number be in my wallet and they , : take it . elise come on .. david I be serious . what else could possibly - explain my fawn all over you on that bus three year ago ... and again today and not call you in between ? elise ( duh ) um , you have a girlfriend and you feel guilty . I have a thing about be lie to , David . david I swear to God I do not have you number . I swear on my parent ' grave . 2/12/09 47 . david ( cont 'd ) I do not even have a last name to try to track you down . do you know how many page come back when you type " elise " into Google ? ( beat ) and none of they be you . elise ( after a beat ) you really be smooth . david that 's not fair . elise it 's okay . I like it . I probably should not , but I do . ( beat ) it 's sellas . elise sellas . int . richardson's office -- downtown -- day mccrady hold open he planbook to show Richardson a ever shifting diagram . richardson tell I you be kid . how could we path -analysis miss this ? mccrady just shake he head , mystify ... Richardson walk to the closet and pull out he fedora :. richardson ' rlhek , e be they now ? ` mccrady Central Park . Bethesda Fountain . int . central park -- day David and elise walk past Bethesda Fountain . elise I read somewhere you be run again . david I have not announce yet but ... soon . elise I hope I have a little something to do with that . 2/12/09 48. david that concession speech I give sure do . you have everything to do with that . elise smile . david you know entirely too much about I give how little I know about you . elise accord to cosmo I be suppose to keep it that way . david accord to maxim , I be suppose to " maintain eye contact and ask you what you do for a live . " it 's the first witty comment h6 ' :s make this time around . he 's just barely start t6Â° 'loo uxuen up . elise ( laugh ) I be a dancer . david oh .. elise not like that , you pervert . in a dance company . the. Manhattan modern ballet . david I think you have the wrong idea about I . elise I think it be the first thing that cross you mind . david be there a performance of this company come up that I could watch ? elise actually , we have a show open tomorrow night . david I be there . you hungry yet ? 2/12/09 49 . he point at the boathouse restaurant a few hundred foot down the path they be on . elise yeah ... ( beat ) but I be not put out just because you be buy I brunch . david we could wait a hour and call it lunch . elise I bet line like that work wonder with the " dancer " you normally hang out with . david so unfair ... ext . boathouse patio -- day Richardson and mccrady step out of a small outdoor bar structure . they , spotdavid and elise walk in the side door of the restaurant . ' , . , somehow Richardson and ' mccrady have travel from downtown Manhattan to the middle of Central Park in the time it take David and elise to ' walk 100 foot ... int . boathouse restaurant -- day David and elise be at atable next to the lake . waiter good morning . it 's good to see you again , .sir. david thank you . you be ... ( pull it from the recess of he brain ) Paul , right ? De ... Santo ? waiter wow , yeah . how do you remember that ? it 's be a year . 2/12/09 50 . ext . boathouse patio -- day Richardson surreptitiously watch David and elise while mccrady consult he planbook . a richardson aide step out of the same door Richardson and mccrady come through . richardson aide Morris be on the artistic director . melton be on Charlie traynor . richardson this whole thing will be over in a hour . mccrady ( disturb by something he see in he planbook ) we may not have that long . richardson what ? int . boathouse restaurant -- day thewaiter leave David and elise . elise how do you do that ? I can not remember the name of people I just meet . david ( point at himself ) David . elise right .. thanks_ . ' ext . boathouse patio -- day mccrady her decision tree be diverge from we model . richardson ( confident ) 36 hour without contact and she will never speak to he again . I have study she file . her deep fear in life be -- 2/12/09 51 . mccrady no , something be wrong . I be already see inflection point . off Richardson 's surprised look -- int . MAIN dine room -- day davidand elise eat brunch . elise ballet be basically impossible to do correctly . david why ? elise you just do absurd thing . with you body . the movement be completely unnatural . it require incredible strength in all sort of random muscle . and you have to be bear with ridiculous amount of flexibility in you hip or you ' will never be a y good . ext . boathouse patio -- day mccrady examine he planbook diagram . with each new update of the diagram red " inflection point " move across the page toward a heavy black " present time " line on the right side of the right : page Richardson point at the red point close to the present tithe ` hrie . richardson what 's that ? mccrady if they kiss ... richardson ( disbelieving ) a kiss , that 's all it take ? mccrady a real kiss . but once they do that every possible adjustment that 's strong enough to break they up will cause ripple over you limit . 2/12/09 52 . richardson if melton and Morris do they job right we will be okay . but Richardson be clearly worried . int . MAIN dine room -- day David and elise . elise in the history of ballet there have only be a handful of people who actually do ballet the way it 's suppose to be do . forme that just make it completely addictive . david do you ever get nervous when people watch you ? elise not really . do you get anxious when you make 'a speech ? david I get more anxious alone in my apartment than in front of a auditorium full of people . everything 's backwards for I . voice ( os . I hate to interrupt . they turn to see Charlie ' ' ' aynor . I txt . boathouse patio day Richardson turn to a colleague , melton , who step through the " bar house " door . richardson ( be : Charlie 's arrival ) Nice work . int . boathouse restaurant -- day david how do you find I ? charlie do it matter ? ( to elise ) 2/12/09 53. charlie ( cont 'd ) elise , pleasure to see you again . ( to david ) there 's a crowd of people stand around downtown wait for you . elise you speech ? charlie he 's announce today . elise at the speech ? david it 's okay . charlie what 's okay ? it 's not okay . the one thing you can not be this . time around be impulsive . that 's why we be announce the way we be , that be why -- elise God , do not skip this for I . david I tell you I be not let you out of my sight . charlie David , what the hell ? david ( to elise , realize a way out of he dilemma ) come with I . come and watch . elise ( smiling ) okay . her phone buzze with a text message . charlie ( to both of they ) great . perfect solution . now , let 's pay and get you over there . Charlie wave the waiter over to give they the check . elise now ? charlie the speech be in 30 minute . 2/12/09 54 . elise I can not then . ( indicate text message ) they just move my dress rehearsal to noon . David 's own sixth sense kick in . have he be discover ? david we can reschedule the speech . elise David ! charlie ( to elise ) thank you . David look around for anything out of the ordinary , any sign of Richardson or he man . but. they stay out of view . he think they be not on to he yet . elise I will meet you right after the rehearsal . david where do you company perform ? elise we be n in we space . there be a` ; â €¢power to outage or something . ( check the text ) we be use a space " on Murray and West Broadway today . charlie ( realizing ) that 's four block from where you be speak . David react : Richardson can not be behind that . charlie you can literally walk there after the speech . David nod , he suspicion fade . charlie ( checking watch ) but we have get to leave right now . 2/12/09 55 . ext . boathouse patio -- day Richardson and he team watch as David , convinced now he 's still undiscovered , stand up and head to the door with Charlie and elise . mccrady the " four block " thing be a brilliant move , boss . richardson ( put he hat on ) we be not out of the wood yet . he look down at the inflection point in mccrady 's planbook . int . bar area -- day David and Charlie and elise walk : toward the side . entrance . elise ( pointing west : ) I have get to go that way ... to stop by my apartment and change . david okay . David and elise stop to say goodbye to -each other . elise you know , the speech on election night , you say I inspire you ... I wish I could do that again now . EST . boathouse patio day Richardson make a small hand motion in Charlie 's direction . int . bar area -- day Charlie 's iphone buzze . it 's a alarm reminder . a text appear : " 15 minute sound check . " he 's a few foot from -- david and elise David lean toward elise -- 2/12/09 56 . charlie ( interrupting ) David , the speech start in 15 minute . we have a 25 minute drive . ext . boathouse patio -- day Richardson make a gesture at the tv by the bar . the picture change ( though we can not see to what ) . he then move a water glass on ' they table . the sun hit the glass and reflect into the bar area where -- int . bar area -- day -- the reflection catch the eye of a 40 year - old woman have a coffee at the bar with , she 65 year - old mother . turn so the sun be out of , =hereye cause the daughter to notice the tv : a image of David 's famous concession speech from three year ago . a screen graphic read " announce today ? " as the daughter turn back to look at she mother , she notice David , over she mom 's shoulder ... david and elise David squeeze she hand ... and lean in again -- david just want to voice . ( 0 . S . ) I hope the rumor be true , Congressman . David pull back fr`bm elise , suddenly self - conscious , turn to see the 40 - year old woman Richardson just manipulate . she point at the tv report on David 's announcement . 40 year-old woman you have my vote . 65 year-old woman mine too ... and I usually disagree with she . david thanks . thanks a lot . David turn back to elise . 2/12/09 57 . elise ( needling ) well , you be really just a hit with woman of all age , be not you ? charlie -- a few feet away on the phone . charlie I be wrangle he right now -- david and elise david whatever happen ... I be not go to let anything stand between we this time . it 's such a odd thing to say , if you do not know what David have go through . she give he a quizzical look . but she 's also move by he , tone elise okay .:.. I believe you . of course I tend to believe in the wrong people . especially man . it 's the kind of quip that 's more truth than jest . david not this time . he lean in to kiss she -- ext . boathouse patio -- day a horrify look from Richardson -- int . bar area -- day David kiss elise on the cheek . but he linger ... then pull . away without go further ... david I will see you in two hour . 2/12/09 58 . ext . boathouse patio -- day Richardson and he colleague all breathe a large sigh of relief .. .as they watch David leave . mccrady we be okay ... richardson that be way too close . what the hell be go on with this case ? int . town car -- day David and Charlie ride in the back . Charlie look at David . david what ? charlie I have just never see you like that . David can not possibly explain . charlie " I be go to - postpone my announcement to have brunch with a woman ? " postpone any speech . I know she make a impression on you but this be ... Charlie just shake he head , unable to comprehend . a beat . charlie " what be it about she ? david ( beat ) I do not know ... ext . rsr financial build -- day David pull up outside . hundred of he supporter and the press be wait for he . he get out of the car to cheer . int . build across the STREET from rsr financial -- day Richardson stand with mccrady on the upper level of a two - story lobby look out at David arrive for he speech . 2/12/09 59 . int . elise's apartment -- day elise change into she dance gear . Big smile on she face . she spot something on she bookshelf ( we can not see what ) and she smile fade . she take it and put it in a drawer . her phone vibrate . she have a text message : " power back on at mmb . rehearsal at noon . " int . build across the STREET from rsr financial -- day mccrady hang up a silver cell phone and nod at Richardson : " it 's do . " just then Richardson 's phone buzze . the caller id say : " Mr. Donaldson . " richardson Richardson . yes , sir . believe I , it be a surprise to I too . but I think we have it under control . int . dance studio -- day elise and she friend , lauren , 20 , stretch between routine . a unexpected smile spread across elise 's face . lauren oh , you be clone . you be go ... minute later -- day a half - dozen news organization , film the speech . david . I be here today to honor that , and to announce my intention to run for the United States Senate ... int . dance studio -- day lauren just tell I if he disappear one more time you will never take he call again . elise do not worry . that 's definite . 2/12/09 60 . ext . rsr financial build -- day the audience applaud energetically . David nod " thank you " and step away from the lectern they set up . he shake two or three people 's hand but then head inside the building . int . lobby of rsr financial -- day David huddle inside with Charlie . Reporters outside be in front of they camera filing they storey amidst the linger crowd . charlie good Morning America at 7am tomorrow , then you have the banker group ... David , be you listen ? David 's stare out the window . the sunlight have catch the building across the street just right to illuminate Richardson and mccrady on the second floor . int . build across the STREET -- day richardson ( into phone ) I ' 11 - keep you = post , sir . Richardson hang up the phone and turn .t look out at David . as he do he real zes David can see he . richardson d` emit ! Richardson -step back out of the sunlight . mcc - .dy what ? richardson get out of the sunlight . mccrady , notice David look , jump back out of the light . richardson ( fuming ) I can not get a break on this case . int . lobby of rsr financial -- day Charlie be try to understand what David 's stare at . 2/12/09 61 . david I have to see elise now . charlie after you go back out there and talk to the New York channel -- david tomorrow . after gma . he head for the door . Charlie follow . charlie no , we need this on the nightly -- ( catch up to David and stopping he ) David ... Charlie look at he for a moment , search for the right word to say to a friend ... charlie every time we get close .. . you do something to derail it . a beat . there 's a truth to that . David know it . but -- david this be different . trust I , it 's different . David leave . ext .. westbroadway and murray ST -- day David look at thepiece of .. paper . an.address on West Broadway for " nyman studios " he 's stand at the lock front door . no one inside . Richardson be on to he . the surprise on he face turn to anger .. . then resolve . he dial elise 's number on he cell . get voicemail . david elise ... I doubt you will ever get this message but -- jump CUT David dial 411 . david can I have the number for the Manhattan modern ballet ... 2/12/09 62 . he look down to see he phone have zero bar ... int . furniture store -- day David go to the saleswoman . ext . furniture store -- day through the window we see he saleswoman dial a number ... then look at the phone and shrug . it 's dead . she and David go to she computer . she look at it , puzzle . it 's dead too . pull back to reveal Richardson and mccrady . mccrady he 's go to go next door :. just then David exit the furniture store and go next door to a clothing store -- mccrady you can not keep . - thephone and internet down on the whole block , for too much . longer without run into ripple problem ... int . real estate office -- day David enter :.and go to a agent . int . realtor' desk -- day . thagent google " Manhattan : modern ballet . " nothing show rtal estate agent could itbe call something else ? david do you have a phone book ? jump CUT David get to the phone book page that end with " Manhattan mobile phone company . " the next page be tear out . David slam he fist down . 2/12/09 63. ext . real estate office -- day David exit the office to find Richardson on the sidewalk . with mccrady nearby . richardson there be a entire world of woman out there . I think I make it clear this one be off limit . David take off walk . david I must have forget . it 's be a while . richardson do not change the fact . David look around , try to figure out he next move . david why be you so . determine to keep we apart ? richardson you know : why . david the plan ? if there be a pi rie you misread it . richardson there 's no misread what the plan say about you and elise . it 's unequivocal . david then you plan 's wrong . richardson do you realize who write this plan ? david I do not care . Richardson grab he and push he against a brick wall . richardson well you should . you need to learn a little more respect . David shove he off . look like he might take a swing at Richardson . then he eye catch the complex diagram that mccrady be look at in he planbook . 2/12/09 64 . david why be you keep we apart ? richardson because the plan call for it . because -- david ( flaring ) you put we together three time -- richardson that be chance . that be not we . david Three time ? bullshit ! if I be not suppose to be with she then why do I feel like this ? richardson it do not matter what you feel . it matter what 's in black and white . David 's ready to explode : at he when he see something in Richardson 's eye . David stop .. . then he whole expression change ... david you do not know , do you ? you do not know why they be keep we apart ... richardson ( covering ) ' it 's not something you mind could : comprehend . david you be in a nice suit but the reality be you be just a minion be not you ? David push past Richardson and walk into a busy restaurant . mccrady quickly consult he planbook . mccrady he 's decide how to -- ( realizing ) uh..oh -- int . upscale restaurant -- day David stride in and go right to a chair . stands on it . 2/12/09 65 . david ( loud ) Excuse I lady and gentleman -- ( as people turn and look , recognize he ) I be sorry to disturb you lunch . I have a bit of a emergency . be there anybody in this room who 's ever see a performance of the Manhattan modern ballet ? ext . upscale restaurant -- day from outside , Richardson and mccrady watch . richardson Son of a bitch . mccrady he 's smart . he 's very smart . David exit the restaurant from another door . he hurry toward West Broadway . ext . west broadway -- day not a taxi in sight . David look for one in vain . suddenly Richardson emerge from a storefront and , go to David . richardson maybe you should try the subway . David hold he in a steely gaze . david ' do not all that cab driver you be diverting have plan too ? what about all the other people look for cab in this part of the city right n6t ? what about they plan ? the ripple must be endless ... Richardson be take aback that David have figuredthis out . david I do not care what you put in my way , I be not go to give up . David walk off , leave Richardson stand there . 2/12/09 66 . minute later -- day Richardson and mccrady watch David look for a taxi at a very busy intersection . mccrady you have get two more minute keep taxi off West Broadway before -- richardson ( frustrate ) I need something that 's go to keep he in place longer -- ext . leonard ST -- day on foot , David head West towards Hudson St. several taxi pass with they roof light off ; . suddenly , down the street , he see one with he roof light on . he run for . it when -- crash -- twenty foot in front of he two car collide . Metal crunch and glass break . this be no fender bender -- david Jesus : . , ( look for Richardson ) be this how far you people will go ?! he rush toward the accident -- ext . site of accident -- day be a hour later . four police car and a ambulance . they treat one of the accident " 's victim for minor scrape ]avid be get intervie , ved by a police officer . police officer unfortunately you be the only witness , Congressman . david how much longer ? police officer a few more minute . I be sorry . I know you have to meet somebody . david I do not say I have to meet anyone . police officer well ... I just assume -- 2/12/09 67 . ext . rooftop -- day Richardson be watch David get interview -- richardson amateur ! that 's a amateur 's mistake ! back to scene -- ext . site of accident -- day david you be not a real cop , be you ? you be one of they . somebody could have be kill in that crash ! do not that make you -- " police officer " Sir , calm down . but David 's already walk away . david sergeant ! he go to the high rank guy on the. scene . david I know you heed a statement from I , but do I have to stay here to give it to you or -- sergeant no , sir , we know ow to get in touch with you . dave , D thank you . '. be this man under you command ? David turn to see that the " Police Officer " who be interview he be go . ext . hudson ST -- day David get into a taxi . 2/12/09 68. int . taxi -- day david 17th Street between 10th and 11th . and sir , you might have to break some traffic law get there . so take this . he hand he a $ 100 bill . a light that just turn green goe yellow -- david go through that -- the driver blow through it as it turn be across the STREET Richardson and mccrady be in front of a hip cafe argue . richardson I want more red liUhtss -- mccrady ( , consulting planbook ) there be too many , ripple in the system .. cumm . lative effect be . come into play . richardson a traffic jam . mcc that 's even with be . we have to get more localize . Richardson look at the taxi disappear up Hudson . richardson he 's get out of range ! int . hip cafe hallway / kitchen -- day Richardson and mccrady rush through the cafe and into the kitchen , surprising the chef so completely that he can not even manage a word before they throw open the insulate door to the cold pantry and run inside . chef hey ! 2/12/09 69 . the chef charge over and pull open the door to find -- refrigerate food . and nothing else . Richardson and mccrady have disappear . the chef blink . int . art gallery -- day -- continuous action Richardson and mccrady rush from a storage room to the showroom of a fancy art gallery . patron stare as they rush straight out the front door and onto gansevoort Street . ext . 8 th avenue -- day David 's taxi be hit all the light iiow . ext . gansevoort ST -- day Richardson and mccrady move swiftly down the block . Richardson head up the stair of a brownstone . open the door to see a street in Chinatown . he slam the door shut . ri.ceardson wrong one . ( think ) .. two door down . God , I hate downtown ! ext . 17th ST -- day David 's taxi head down 17th from 8th Avenue . ext . 17th ST day Richardson and mccrady step out of the service door of a l ilding on the corner of 10th Avenue and 17th . they can see a taxi , pull up in front of the Manhattan modern ballet buildig down the block . they run towards it . mccrady ( re : planbook ) I have get inflection point . all they have to do be catch sight of each other this time -- richardson what ? 2/12/09 70 . ext . / int . dance studio -- day David open the door to elise 's dance company , oblivious to Richardson 's pursuit . int . dance studio lobby -- day lauren , be nearby as David speak to the receptionist . music come from a door across the room . receptionist be she expect you ? he nod . lauren I hope you realize how lucky you be . I be the friend . lauren . ext . 17th ST -- day Richardson don he fedora as he race toward the studio . richardson can ' I block the front door ? nccrady he 's already through pit. richards6 N the next one ! int . dance studio day lauren walk David toward the door with the music behind it . lauren it go without say that I will kill you if you hurt she . ( beat ) and by the way , congratulation on you announcement . ext . 17th ST -- day Richardson and mccrady down the street . mccrady ( be : diagram , confuse ) there be several next one -- 2/12/09 71 . richardson ( exasperated ) I be block they all -- his hand stretch out ( as Harry do early on in film ) mccrady wait , he 's -- int . lobby / dance studio -- day music pour out as David open the door . a quarter of the way open , the door stop dead . ext . dance studio -- day Richardson grab the front door and pull . it 's seal shut . it will not budge . what the - mccrady hat ! hat ! mccrady be behind he he point . at Richardson 's fedora , which be on the sidewalk . fell off when he run . Richardson sprint to grab it -- int . lobby of dance studio --=day David look through the narrow space of the open door and see elise dance . the piece she 's practice fuse the gra e - ballet with the raw emotion of modern . she 's ï¿½xl eattake . david I be in serious trouble here ... ext . / int . dance studio -- day Richardson dash back to the door -- mccrady ( consulting folio ) forget it ! he 's already there ... Richardson charge into the lobby to see David stare through the partially open door to the rehearsal room ... 2/12/09 72 . richardson dammit ! mccrady 's phone buzze . he pull it out and look at the caller id . mccrady ( dread ) it 's Mr. Donaldson . Richardson pull the fedora off he head and crush it in he hand . David turn just in time to see this . at the same time David realize the door be no longer " stick . " richardson celebrate while you can . they will just kick it upstairs now you have no idea what you be up against . David just look at he . he will deal with that when it come ... mccrady Sir ? Richardson grab the phone and answer --. go outside to talk . David turn back to the dance studio . he open the door to get a unobstructed view of elisee , . she spin , arch , dip . David can not take he eye off hey ` when the artistic director pause the routine to give note , elise give David a. little wave . then they start again . David look back out at Richardson on the street , but he 's go .. tnt . adjustment bureau headquarters -- dusk a defeat Richardson trudge up a long flight of stair . int . hallway -- dusk Richardson walk down a hallway with a impossibly shiny black floor and enter a doorway mark " Mr. Donaldson . " int . mr. donaldson' outer office -- dusk two secretary look up at he . 2/12/09 73. secretary # 1 he 's wait for you . int . mr. donaldson' office -- dusk much larger than Richardson 's office and on a higher floor . mr. donaldson , 45 , sit at he desk read a document . after a moment he sign it at the bottom and look up , revealing Richardson , who be stand awkwardly in front of he superior 's desk . Donaldson motion for he to sit down . int . dance studio -- dusk now . David talk to elise , who 's shower and dress david you be incredible . how do you get that good ? elise it 's all I do . it 's the only thing I ever wante&amp ; to be . and I start young . avid how young ? elise by third grade I be go every day after school . david that 's a lot of motivation for a eight year - old . she wave to the other dancer and receptionist in the lobby and they exit on to -- ext . 17th ST -- dusk -- continuous elise we move around a lot then . dance be kind of my stability . david sure ... it be the only constant in you life , aside from you parent ... 2/12/09 74 . elise really more the dance . she do not make a big deal of it but we get it . david oh ... David 's phone buzze . caller id show it 's Charlie . elise I take it this be a unauthorize social break . david I be a candidate for the US - : serrate . I do not have to punch out '' when I leave . David send the call to voice . mai elise Charlie ? david couple houtr while I be out of touch will not : ill he . elise couple hour , huh ? well , we better make they , , - , - - 'count . ext . east village -- dusk a taxi pull tp Â°a stop . - bavid ' lean over elise to look out thew n4ow as he wait for change from the driver . what 's this - pï¿½ - elise what 's it look like ? we see the reflection of a dance club in the window . david I be a terrible dancer . I do not dance . elise climb out . David follow . elise you do not now . by the end of the night , you will . 2/12/09 75 . they walk towards " plan B " , a hip joint with zebra wallpaper and fake palm tree . salsa music pulse from inside . david you be go to teach I to dance in one night ? not happen . elise be you doubting I ? david yes . she spin and shove he against the wall . forcefully kiss he . then pull free . elise do not . she turn and walk into the club . David stand there . david Holy shit ... int . donaldson' office -- dusk Richardson sit across from Donaldson . donaldson the disciplinary rule requ-te I to. demote you in rank and re-assign yot to a less desirable post . Donaldson uminger the document he just sign . donaldson I be go - 'to interpret that rule loosely . I be go to go easy on you because , I feel the deck be stack , against you . in a wider shot we see that both burdensky and Donaldson 's aide sit nearby . donaldson I be talk about the intense chemistry between they , the constant inflection point , and the kicker of course : you pull they apart only to have " chance " put they back together . twice . that seem impossible . so I ask burdensky to do some research this morning , which he just complete . 2/12/09 76 . burdensky it seem like this two be mean to be together because they be mean to be together ... richardson what ?! burdensky be , in the past , in a earlier version of the plan . actually a dozen earlier version . ( beat ) God know how many artifact push they together be leave in the current plan . int . plan B -- dusk a live salsa band have just start . elise demonstrate mambo for David . could not be farther from the style of dance he just see she rehearse . but she 's amazing at it . david serious , serious.trouble ... moment later Salt , patron , lime .'-. and two glass dotin on the bar . elise ready ? nope . elise perfect . she yank he onto the dance floor . int . donaldson' office -- dusk Donaldson , Richardson , burdensky . richardson why be it change ? 2/12/09 77 . donaldson something important . they go from " mean to be together " to " red - letter deny relationship " in a single plan revision a few year back . as for why , specifically , that 's apparently above even my pay grade ... int . plan B -- night David and elise dance . he suck , but do not care . a couple of people in the club recognize he and give he thumb up ... int . adjustment bureau headquarters --' night burdensky and a deject Richardson walk down the hall . richardson you spend you whole career hope that one day you will get a " red - letter " case . something you can really make a name for yourself with . finally I get one ... and it 's . .booby-trapped ... close on the bar ' another set of shot glass hit the bar . up to reveal David and elise .. elise okay , we have al-ready use up a hour , we &gt ;etter hurry . she pill he toward the exit . david hurry where ? int . mustang club -- night elise do a sexy , street variation on a two -step to a up - tempo pop-country ballad . David try to follow along , mostly by bob he head with the beat . sort of with the beat . elise you have get to let yourself feel the music . 2/12/09 78 . david I have be tell I have trouble feel . elise whoever say that have not see you speak . david that 's different . I mean -- elise what ? david in private . with woman although that might be change . be there any style of dance you can :'t do ? ext . hunter's point , queen -- night David and elise walk from the waterfront to the street . elise next stop , the best 80s club in the city . you ready ? david to make a ass of myself for the third time in one night ? Â§4`r , 6 '. elise ( point ) Race I to that light . you lose , you dance , I watch . you win , I dance , you watch david ' what be ' the rule of the race --- elise no rule . david hmmm , could get ugly ... he look down a alley as if he 's notice something . when she look , he take off like a bat out of hell -- elise you bastard ! he 's get a good lead , so he flip around and run backwards . 2/12/09 79 . david quit complain and run . she catch up . he spin and dig it out . he can not dance , but he sure can run . he pull away and win . david yes !!!! he pump he arm in a victory dance . elise ( pissed smile ) that be good . that be very good . david you say " no rule " . she punch he in the stomach . hard . he crumple , completely unprepare for it . david ( it hurt ) sweet Jesus ! Christ on a crutch ! elise ( giggling ) you say you have trouble feel . david you be insane . elise we. need a cab . he 'laughing through the 'pain . david I be serious . you be a maniac . you should come with a warning label . elise I do . you just can not see it with my clothes on . off David bite he lip ... and pre-lapping the music -- int / ext . a warehouse club , red hook dock , brooklyn -- night David and elise walk into the synthesizer prelude to " I can not wait " by nu shooz . 2/12/09 80 . david do not this song make you feel like you be at you high school prom ? elise I be six when it come out . so , not really . brutal . David just shake he head and smile as , she pull he to the dance floor . music baby ...1 - i- I can not wait -- strobe light as the song kick in and David and elise start dance ... a couple of kid next to they notice David and start point and signal they approval - the kid who first spot David have alert a few other . more people in the crowd cheer he on . int . donaldson's_office -- night Donaldson stare pensively out the , window , : look down over the city . donaldson' aide so we be go operational ? this be exciting . it 's be a while . donald we be t no it go p etational no one ever . mad&amp ; to my job by take stupit ï¿½ Â°ris , 's . donaldson' aide so what - be - = ' donaldson we be go to kick this case upstairs .. .to someone with the latitude to clean up this mess without break into a sweat . we be go to walk this upstairs to Thompson . donaldson' aide Thompson ? be we even allow to go to he directly ? he 's a senior vp . 2/12/09 81 . donaldson exec vp . donaldson' aide be not he the one .. . when he be in the field he nickname be -- donaldson " the Hammer ? " yes . he will crush this romance with the flick of he hand . and he will thank I for give he the opportunity . strobe light David and elise dance . music Cause I can not wait , . this .is what I have be wait for -- people on the dance floor be literally scream in support . ext . red hook -- night ; David and elise stand on the pier outside the dance club . elise you grow up over there ? she indicatesa residential area just behind the dock . david ( pointing ) I spend any , entire childhood three block up Carroll Street . we do n'.t move - ` around a lot . elise what be you like as a. kid ? david before sixth grade I spend about half my time in the principal 's office . elise you ? really ? david the only person who spend as much time down there as I be a girl I have a huge crush on so I do not mind too much . 2/12/09 82. a smile spread on elise 's face . elise ( be : the dock ) do you dad work here ? david no ... my dad fill vend machine . elise and you be go to be a senator ... david after my brother die my dad want to get I out of town for a while . we go to Washington and the day we arrive he take meto the . Capitol . we end up sit in the Senate gallery ; , all day . ( be : Financial ' District across the river ) we could see that from the end of my block , but - be never once encourage I to go to Wall Street . his idol be JFK . he think business guy be selfish . elise so ...areyou do all this -:f.or he ? david I want to matter . I do not think that 's just forrhim . elise , . tuck she head into he shoulder . elise I do not want tonight to mess anything ..up for you , for the campaign . david just make sure I make it to Diane sawyer on time and I will be fine . elise look at he for a long beat . elise you be different ... somehow you make I believe ... david believe what ? 2/12/09 83. elise just ... believe , period . ext . elise's apartment build -- night push in on the window of a apartment . int . elise's apartment -- night David and elise make love , focus so shallow that even they face be not always sharp . int . elise's apartment -- night David and elise lie together , spend . elise ( vulnerability we barely glimpse before this ) I do not let people in , David . and I never let they in this quickly . David pull she close . , he - , can not see she eye . but we can . she 's struggle with something more ... elise I have n '::t lead a perfect life david i. do not want perfect . , . elise . , : ( emotion , weive ) I be try to say . I be not sure somebody run . for office can have , I in they life . David turn she around so he can see she face , so he know for sure she hear this : david I have not stop think about you since the moment I meet you . I want you in my life -- elise there be skeleton in my closet , David . the kind that -- david listen to I -- 2/12/09 84 . elise the kind that people use against -- david elise , listen ! I do not care . we will work it out ... I have spend my whole life wonder why it take auditorium of people to fill the empty space inside I . then I meet you ... and realize it do not . she look at he . he mean it . elise you scare I . david ( after a beat ) that be not the effect I be go for ... she smile ... then laugh out - loud -- same -- later David and eliseirsleep peacefully . reveal mr. thompson , late 5as , stand next to the bed in a suit , with a fedora on . ext . elise's apartment build -- night Thompson .exit through the fot door . Three aide be wait for he . tho mft n's aide what do you aiat to do ? thom bon let it happen again . 7 Thompson 's aide seem surprised by the answer . int . elise's apartment -- morning -- friday David wake to find elise look at he . david you be up long ? elise no . 2/12/09 85 . david do you wake up in . the middle of the night ? elise slept straight through . david I think you never sleep through . elise I do not . ( beat ) I tell you , you scare I . he kiss she . david I will not hurt you . they kiss more ... and then get sweep up by it ... later they lie in bed , post -coital , drain . blissful . until the phone ring . it 's 6:17 be . early for a call . elise hello ? : why , be you call ? ( listen ) no ...i ... . look , I have to go ... she hang up . David look at she . david what 's wrong .. elise that be my , ex . adrian . david oh ... I do not -- I guess we have not get to that stuff yet ... elise he have not call since we break up . david how long ? elise Three month . david be it serious ? 2/12/09 86 . a awkward beat . elise opt for complete honesty . elise we be engage . david what happen ? complete honesty . elise he leave ... David can feel this in the pit of he stomach now . david what a idiot . elise you do not know I that well yet . you be still in the wishful think phase . ( beat ) Truth be I should . ;- have leave he a long time before he leave I . it be a , ain ' l relationship . it hurt tb be i-h it every day . david but it be : h'ard to leave . elise h&amp ; know what button . , tb push . david `' that he ? dttid paint at pica be of elise with a attractive man , arm wound each other . lis'e look surprised , shocked even , to ty % 'e photo on she b okcase . she nod . elise David ... . it 's not ... it 's over between we . completely over ... I want to be clear about that . I be pretty sure yesterday be the most perfect day I have ever have . david I too . David look at the clock . david I have this Diane sawyer interview . 2/12/09 87 . it come out awkward . elise I know . so do that . they look at each other . then David reach for he clothes -- elise can I come ? my dress rehearsal 's not until nine . David 's face light up . elise I be afraid if I let you out of my sight . . . you know ... I might never see you again ... a smile creep across he face ... int . good morning america studio -- day Diane sawyer interview David . diane sawyer you have overcome enormous obstacle in you life and rise to- such height so quickly ... people be fascinate by you . david only people who have not spend enough time with ' I to know the ' truth . int . GREEN room .-- day - elise watch the :nterview on a big monitor . a soundproof window allow she tb see directly into the studio . diane sawyer as a speaker and politician you have be repeatedly compare to JFK . david by my campaign manager mostly . diane sawyer ( on tv ) ( grins ) you be the youngest person ever elect to Congress . which you celebrate by get in a bar fight on inauguration night . 2/12/09 88. david with a childhood friend . so I do not think that count . and , truthfully , that 's how we celebrate thing we be I be from . int . studio -- day diane sawyer ( grin bigger now ) let 's just say you have a habit of get into the press for ... other uniquely human thing as well -- david that a euphemism , Diane ? she laugh . diane sawyer most politician ... int . GREEN room -- day diane sawyer ( on tv ) .run aw ay from the embarrassing thing they have do yoti , crack , joke about they . you embrace , they . especially since you . ; , concession speech thry ee year ago which start as a isst - up routine and bring tear to my , eye by the . , end when you talk about lose you mother to lancer and then you older brother , , pdt , to a overdose , both whei . you : be only ten year old . :, int . studio -- day david I think Americans be tired of electing automaton whose every word and move be stage - manage so as not to offend anyone . I think they want somebody who do not hide who he be or what he really believe . I guess I be hope they want to elect someone who 's actually like they . ( laugh ) but I could be very wrong about that . 2/12/09 89 . diane sawyer and if you be ? david you would be surprised at the number of underwear company that have approach I to be they spokesman . Diane burst out laugh . the floor tech be laugh too . int . GREEN room -- day and so be elise . she 's completely smitten . on the tv : Diane turn to the camera , try to stop laugh . diane sawyer ( on tv ) unfortunately , we be out of time . David norris , announce he candidacy for US Senate yesterday . thanks for stop by . it go to commercial . int . studio -- day David stay to speak to Diane for a moment - as we move to find a stagehand ' who be shifting the position of one of the big video camera sed to tape the show . we catch a glimpse of he face and see it 's Thompson 's aide . int&lt ; . gk 2n - r0014 -- day the - " stagehand " move thecamera so it 's block the window give elise line - of sight to David and Diane . just. then a man with an- . ABC id enter the room to speak to elise . ( we only see he lower half . ) ABC id ma'am , Congressman norris ask I to give you a message . we move up from he id to reveal that the man be another one of Thompson 's aide . thompson aide # 2 ( ABC id ) he be just call into a meeting that he say be urgent . he say he will call you later and see you at you show tonight . 2/12/09 90 . int . studio -- day David and Diane say goodbye to each other . he salute the floor staff , who actually applaud . they love he . diane sawyer ( to David , be : earpiece ) they be say you girlfriend -- can we call she that ? be this one go to last more than a month ? david you can call she that . and yes . definitely . David be look at a text from elise as he speak . it say : " I want to go to bed with you . " diane sawyer they be say she 's get a tour of the control room in studio c. can somebody take Congressman norris to studio C ? Thompson 's aide signal David to follow he . David do . they walk through a couple thick door into the corridor . int . corridor -- day Thompson 's aide lead he through a heavy door mark " Studio C " into a , vestibule and then through another heavy door into -- int . '': studio C " -- day a partially - build set in the center of a empty stage . elise be not here . Thompson 's aide feign surprise . T hompson' aide # 2 they say she be here ... . hang on . David pull he blackberry out see there be no signal . he look up to see Thompson 's aide exit through the stage door . it suddenly click for David , and he rush to the door . yank on it . it 's lock . david God dammit ! 2/12/09 91 . int . corridor -- day through the thick window of the outer door we can see David pound on the window of the inner door . but we can not hear a sound . pull back to reveal Thompson 's aide remove the " Studio C " placard . beneath be the true designation : " Studio D . " pan to reveal three Thompson aide remove a false wall that be hide a bunch of construction equipment and set up " no entry -- construction Zone " sign . quick cut -- frantic handheld 1 ) David across the room tug on another exit . it 's lock . 2 ) David pull a fire alarm . nothing . 3 ) David slam on the door with a two - by-four . longer cut -- composed dolly shot 1 ) Diane sawyet talk about the issue of the day as we pull back and show she . co-host on the couch . 2 ) elise arrive in the lobby of the Manhattan modern ballet for she company 's dress rehearsal . int studio D ( earlier " .studio '.c " ) -- day David sit . his tie .. loose now . his jacket off . he glance at he blackberry . the time read 4:13 pm . he yell in frustration . voice if people could hear you out there it would not be a very good soundstage , would it ? David turn to see Thompson , in the now familiar dark suit and fedora . thompson my name 's Thompson . david what happen to free will ? 2/12/09 92 . thompson who say anything about free will ? David stare back at he . thompson you know , we actually try free will before . after take you from hunt and gather to the height of the Roman Empire we step back to see how you would do on you own . you give we the Dark Ages -- for five century -- until finally we : decide we should come back in . ( beat ) the Chairman think maybe we just need to do a better job of teach you how to ride the bike before we take the training wheel off again . so we give you the Renaissance , the enlightenment , the Scientific revoluton .:ï¿½we spend six hundred year temper you passion with reason . , then in 1910 we step ba ï¿½c again . within fifty yearsï¿½you bring we World War I , the lepre'ssion , fascism , the holocaust ani cap it off by bringingtheentire planet to the brink of destruction in the Cuban missile crisis . a decisiofl be take atthat point that we ' should stop in again before Â±ou do _soittething even we cduld not fix . ( beat ) you of not have free will , David , you have the appearance of free = will . david you expect I .'to believe that ? thompson ( bore shrug ) you have free will over what tie you pick in the morning , or what beverage to order at lunch . but humanity just be not mature enough to have control over the important thing . david if you be in control of the important thing then you be incompetent cause when I look around at the world this day it seem pretty fuck . 2/12/09 93. thompson it 's still here . if we would leave thing in you hand , it would not be . david why be you try to keep I from elise ? or be you just another lackey who do not really know ? Thompson study David for a long beat . then decide it 's time to level with he . thompson we put elise in front of you three year ago to inspire you to , .g `ve that speech -- the speech that pull you back from the brink of oblivion and , overnight , itiade . you the front runner for this come election . the intervention on Charlie be to prevent the hedge fund you have just become vice chairman of from go belly up in the sub-prime=crisis , bring two major bank down . with it , arid in , the process make you unelectable . David blink . tries to , process this ... : .bavid be you 's aying you warit I to win this election ? thomp50n , this ' one and six mom , after it . and tome not just talk about velection ' for Senate . lowly dawns on David what Thompson be say ... thompson you can matter , David . really matter . what you want you whole life . what you father want when he take you to the Senate gallery when you be ten . what you brother want when he make you promise , the day before he overdose , that you would not be like he . david stop . do not tell I this . 2/12/09 94 . thompson why do you think you have that yearn to be in front of people . . . and that terrible emptiness when you be not ? david stop . thompson David you be mean to change the world . but that do not happen if you stay with she . david why do it matter to you who I love ? some skeleton of hers `is so bad I will not get elect ? I do not believe that ! thompson it 's not about she - :.. it 's about you , what be with she do to you - david - what do that mean ?! I be better with she than I ever be alone . , you just say it . that speech -- 1hompson yes . the speech ... put it this wad : in small dose , elise be the cure . but in large dose ... when you be enthralledwith someone she ' rub off on you :. da id stop. just : stop . thompson David , the president can not be a loose cannon -- david stop talk . it 's not work . ( beat ) I be a politician . I spend my life with professional liar . with people who decide what they want and then figure out the story they have to tell to get it . 2/12/09 95 . thompson why do you refuse to accept what should be completely obvious by now ? you have see what we can do . you can not doubt we be who we say we be . david I do not care who you be . I do not care who 's order you be follow . thompson you can not outrun you fate , David . david who say anything about run . thompson maybe we should just reset you . david we both know if you could have we would not be stand here have this conversation ... Thompson stare back . he 's never deal with such temerity ... thompson you fight we , we will take everything from you . david you already do once . ' and I be still stand ... ( beat ) always know you be out there . we all do . it 's the one thing we have in common . whether we call it God or the Devil or fate we all know you be out there , fuck with we ... thompson you would still be live in cave if it be not for we . david ( welling emotion ) you crush we dream because they do not fit with you plan . you plan that have no space for I fall in love but somehow have room for tsunamis and cyclone and Darfur and aids . fuck you plan . I reject it . I reject you . ( more ) 2/12/09 96 . david ( cont 'd ) the only thing we have in this fuck up world be the choice we make . and there 's nothing you can do to I that will get I sign they away . ( beat ) kill I . or erase I . or let I go . Thompson stare back at he , dumbfounded . a long silence , then : thompson it 's 6:20 . if you leave now , you will make elise 's show . David 's eyebrow go up . huh ? Thompson be let he go ? ext . good morning america studio : .--.. dusk David jump into a taxi . int . taxi -- dusk David sit in the back seat , take everything in , turn it over and over in he head ... .' int . theater -- elise's dance compamy elise and twb of she colleague " finish a dance piece . the audience explode into applause . the house light come up half way as the stage be readied for the next piece , . David be startle to see that the man in the aisle seat next to-him be Thompson . t-4 mpson she 's a beautiful dancer . david what do you want ? thompson there 's one more piece to all this I have not tell you . I guess I do not have the heart . if you stay with she , it do not just kill you dream , it kill hers . david what ? 2/12/09 97 . thompson elise be about to become one of the most famous dancer in the country ... and eventually one of the great choreographer in the world . ( beat ) if she stay with you ... she end up teach dance to eight year - old . david I do not believe you . I think we already establish that . a beat . thompson when you look back at all this , David , just remember , we try to reason with you . Thompson get up and leave ... just as the light go down for the next dance . David watch he go ... then turn around just in time to catch elise 's entrance into the dance -- a graceful jump . when she land , she ankle crack , and she fall . the audience gasp . insert : a floor board tilt oddly . it go back to normal . find thompson : his hand slightly outstretch . the audience instantly know something be wrong . David jump up and run down to the. : stage door . a dancer come from off stage and help elise off the floor as the show continue . int back stage -- night .a company staff member be examine elise 's ankle while the show go on . David arrive . see elise 's face . tear stream down she cheek . see David ... elise if it 's break ... my career 's over . david do not say that . do not . 2/12/09 98 . int . taxi -- night the taxi rush to the hospital . David hold she . silently try to comfort she . but he can not look at she . ext . hospital -- night David carry she from the taxi into the emergency room ... int . hospital waiting room -- night David sit in a black chair , alone , stare at the floor . int . hospital exam room -- night elise lie on a exam table as -a tech x- ray she ankle . int . hospital waiting room night David be still stare at the floor . he look - up to see Thompson . thompson I always hear people say " you yourself for what can not bla m4 ' hpen fih other people , " but in this case , really , you can . David stand up ... . and punnhes Thompson in ` the face . h T ompson be knock onto he ass . people in the wait room stare at David . almost everyone here know he fade . he look at they , unable to summon he usual wit . thompson this be what you do , David . ( getting up ) this be what you do the first night you get elect . this be what you do at that college reunion . we give you opportunity people would kill for and you squander they with impulse . it do not take a genius to see elise be not exactly go to help you with that . ( more ) 2/12/09 99 . thompson ( cont 'd ) you want to know why you can not have she ? look in the mirror . Thompson leave . int . hospital exam room -- night more x-ray of elise 's ankle . a orthopedic surgeon enter and examine the image on the computer screen . elise , she face , still red and tear stain try to read the surgeon' face elise how bad be it ? the surgeon turn to she with a classic doctor 's detachment : surgeon elise -- ext . hospital courtyard -- night David sit alone on a bench . Thompson arrive . thompson you be a educate man . you have read the Greek tragedies` . in the end fate always win ... David look back at he in steely silence . thompson it a sprain . david really ? thompson this time . ( beat ' ) do you really want to watch she lose the only thing she 's ever care about ? you just get the tiniest taste of what that look like ... the think make David ill . thompson walk away . if you truly love she , walk away . she will hate you for it ... but that way she will be able to let you go quickly . you can give she that at least . 2/12/09 100 . int . hospital corridor -- night David stand alone . stare at the floor . finally confront the fact that he can not beat the force array against he . finally ready to make the choice be force upon he ... int . hospital exam room -- day David enter to find elise with a huge smile on she face . elise it 's a sprain ! it 's just a sprain ! David give she a tight hug . elise it 's go to be okay . the doctor say it would heal in ' a month . . . maybe even less . david you be go to : be fine . elise they want to do a mri ... to assess the ligament . damage but . : -. they break from they hug . david it 's ; go to be fine . and as incredible of a dancer as you already be , yot be just go to get better and better ... davidv ; embrace she again , so she will not see the tear welling in he eye . david I ... I have to go make a few call . his voice crack . elise notice . elise you okay ? david I be just ... happy for you ... int . hospital corridor -- night David walk down a long corridor away from elise 's room . 2/12/09 101. ext . hospital -- night David exit the building . Thompson be wait by the door . thompson you be do the right thing , David . not just for she , and the world . . . but for yourself . David look at he for a beat , then turn and walk away into the night . fade to black . int . diner -- upstate new york -- morning close on a tv screen , then pull back to reveal the diner . local news reporter ( on tv ) : David norris , who 'has spend the last two day campaigning in the tri-lake area , get some welcome news yesterday when the latest New York Times poll give he a sixteen point lead over he opponent less than . a month before election dg to find Charlie . he sits` at a booth eat breakfast as he watch tv behind the counter . Charlie glan ces out the window ad we find David stand on the back of apickup truck speak to eighty people in the parking lot . `: it 's Autumn now . so etthing about his{ , speak style have change . he 's not as ima ea or passion the . : hedoes not seem to enjoy it as much be he 'rdid three year ago . just then a campaign aide arrive at Charlie 's table . charlie how 's he do ? campaign aide they still love he ... paper ? the aide hand Charlie a stack of papers : three local papers , the Times , the Journal , and the three big NYC tabloid . charlie thanks . 2/12/09 102. the aide leave . Charlie glance at the front page of the Times , then reach for the New York / Region section . as he do the front page of the Arts section catch he eye . there be a big photo of elise , do a " airborne split , " accompany a article title " dance take a quantum Leap . " Charlie glance through the window at David who be climb down from the pickup truck to applause from he parking lot audience . ext . parking lot -- morning David shake hand with people in the aftermath of he speech . they really do love he . int . diner , upstate new york morning Charlie read the New York Times . article . it begin : " once in a generation a piece be create of such astounding originality and virtuosity that it single - handedly reshape . the. world of dance . " follow david as he make he way , towards the diner 'f - tom the parking lot , shaking handb and allow he picture to be take . int : diner , upstate new york -- day David sit down with Charlie . david I be start . charlie I be go to show you this because you would find out eventually and because I want to be here when you do . Charlie turn the Arts section around for David to see it . elise 's photo have a noticeable impact on David . he glance at the article for a moment . then Charlie point down near the bottom , at a particular sentence : 2/12/09 103. " the show 's choreographer , adrian troussant , and lead dancer , elise sellas , be partner on and off stage and plan to marry in New York next week . " David stare at the word ... charlie David ? ( off no response ) David ? david I think I need ... I ... charlie take a day off . take a couple . we be sixteen point up . david ( hollowed out ) even I can not blow a lead that big . ext . red hook , brooklyn night it 's pour rain . David walk down Carroll Street . most of the row house display " norris for Senate " sign . most of the housing here be run-down but this block be clearly in the early ' stage of gentrification . David pay particular attention to one row house as he pass by . be this he house ? ext . / int . neighborhood dar -- night there 's a " norris for Senate " sign prominently display in the window . David enter this classic dive bar and go to the bartender . david do you still serve neighborhood guy here or just the tourist ? the bartender smile big . a couple people at the bar notice he . then other notice and they start whooping it up for he . he do not know any of they - but they sure know he . ext . red hook dock -- night David sit under the huge aluminum roof on one of the pier , hold a bottle of beer in a soak paper bag . 2/12/09 104 . there be no wall to this structure so rainwater pour off the roof on all four side form virtual wall . a figure in a suit approach David from behind . he turn to see the man . david why be you here ? reverse to reveal Harry , in a suit and raincoat . harry I would have come earlier but I have to wait for the rain . ( off David 's confusion ) Water interfere with they ability to sense you decision tree . that 's why we meet on a boat last time . ( beat ) I guess I be here to set the record straight . david about what ? harry - Thompson be lie when he say they could not let you be with 8 lise because : it would bring out you reckless side . david why , then ? why do they care so much ? harry 8ecause . , .. she 's enough , David . if you have =her be tau rot . ght not need to fill the d side you with vote and ataplause ' and dream of one day become p sident ... if Harry have : look straight into David 's soul . harry I have watch you a long time . they be right to want you in the White House . it would be good for the world . that 's important but it can not be the only thing that matter . david why be you so different than they be ? 2/12/09 105 . a long beat , then : harry you know , you dad be a smart man . he could have be a lot more -- and he want to be . so do you brother . but the plan do not call for that . this hit David hard . harry in my job , you implement the plan ... ( emotional ) and most of the time .. . you do not even know why ... ( beat ) I be sorry ... david my mom ? harry that be not I ... that be not we at all . David take all this in . after a ; long be t he take a drink . then he offer the bottle to Harry , who h a esitate , then take a drink as well . david when Thompson tell methe choice as elise or the White House I barely hesitate . d1 id but the trt t i `is after make that choice I go into a free-fall ... do not get=me wrong , it kill I to see Thompson hurt she ... but I use it as a excuse . I think I leave she more to save my career than hers . ( struggling ) Thompson be not lie . the press be already talk about I as a future president . I be phone in my speech and I be still sixteen point up in the poll . harry the public love you . 2/12/09 106 . david before I meet elise that be all that matter . now I hardly notice . she 's all I think about . ( beat ) do you know where she 's get marry ? harry Front of a judge . tomorrow morning . david be she happy with he ? tell I she be and I will walk away . harry Thompson will not let you get near that courthouse . david Harry ... be she happy ? harry no . a beat . dw - id I have to get she back .. Harry know how unlikely that be . david will you help I : ï¿½ just help I get to she ... hardy they will sense ) t ou come a mile away . ' david what if icould move as fast as you can ? harry what do you mean ? david teach I about the door . harry how do you know about that ? 2/12/09 107 . david the first day , after they catch I , they carry I through one . I think it be a hallucination at first . eventually I realize it 's how you move around so fast . ( off Harry 's reluctance ) if you do not want to help I because of what they will do to you ... okay , that 's you choice . but if this be about protect I then should not the choice be mine ? harry do you have any idea how complicated it be to navigate through that door ... how many thousand of permutation there be in even a simple several block journey ? david you know , when I do town hall meeting I usually get introduce to forty or fifty people between when I walk , through ' the door and when I start speak . but when I be do with the speech I can call on each one of they by `game . a beat ... harry I have see you do that ( take to leap ) the rain be suppose to stop in the nexthou 'r . we be go to need all night to do this . and we be go to need aplace surround by water to do it . moment later Harry and David stand outside a door to a dock office at the end of the pier . Harry don he hat . harry put you hand on my shoulder . and do not let go until we have cross the threshold . 2/12/09 108. David comply . Harry open the door . david be they ever lock ? harry maybe if you have a defective hat . they step through the door and onto -- ext . manhattan street -- night Harry notice as the rain slow to a drizzle . harry hurry . Harry run David to the front dooraf a brownstone . open the door . they move through i into -- int . underground pumping : station -- night Harry stop . David take - he hand off Harry 's shoulder . still amaze by what they just do . harry we be underneath Canal Street , which c as , , a canal before rt , be a street . this be the jcity 's ' : pump station for downtown Manhattan . we be ten block from the courthouse . ext . / int . elise's dance '.- company -- night - elise enter , smile at the receptionist . elise floor open ? receptionist ( see elise 's red eye ) you okay , sweetie ? elise I just feel like be on the floor . receptionist everything still on for tomorrow ? elise nod , try to cover she ambivalence . 2/12/09 109 . int . underground pumping station -- night music begins : something that recall the sensei-pupil scene in martial art movie , but at the same time something fluid and lyrical ( e.g. yoshida Brothers , " Beyond the deep Sea . " ) Harry roll out a block - by-block map of lower Manhattan . there be intricate red pen marking all over the map .. harry lower Manhattan be a nightmare . layer upon layer of substrate -- that 's what we call the system of door -- have be add over time . that make it a lot more complex to navigate down here than it be uptown . and a lot slower . Harry dump out several hundred photo of door , interior and exterior , all below Canal Street . harry you ready ? david let 's go . Harry smile and hbld , .up a photograph of . the Manhattan County Court Building in foley squa:e :. harry you destination . courtroom six . int ` elise's dice company - ' ; -- night the music continue " . source music here - . elise dance to it , freestyle . the fluidity and extension of ballet , but none of its formality or stiffness . int . underground pumping station -- night david ( struggle to remember ) North Moore St. just south of the coffee shop ... Red door . I come out on Broadway , near Leonard St. Harry look at a photo of what David just describe . harry good . keep go . 2/12/09 110 . int . dance company -- night elise continue to dance ... int . underground pumping station -- night david ( eye close , try to picture it ) there 's a alley in front of I . third door on -- harry Thompson 's there . david okay ...so ... ( think , then have it ) I hightail it east-to Lafayette no , it 's crosby Street there . int . dance company -- nit ; ht elise dance . int . underground pumping station -- night harry one wear a hat is. a threat . vv1le . h e rea lize with hat ' = g oin g on , Thompson be go to pull out all the stop . h go to get reinforcement jot of they . I do not care if u'see a auv wear a yankee can a " yarmulke , or a bowler , as he 's work for they . ' david okay , you say he 's right in front of I , right ? Harry nod . david I would knock the yankee cap off he head and go through the door before he have a chance to pick it up ... a thinsmile form on Harry 's face and grow ... 2/12/09 111. harry good ... good ... improvisation . we have trouble with that ... int . dance company -- night elise dance ... int . underground pumping station -- night david how be I do ? harry do not get cocky . you know ten permutation out of ten thousand . get back to work . montage Harry drilling David with photd ' after photo of Manhattan door intercut with elise dance ... until she finally quit from physical and emotional exhaustion . int . undergroundpumping station -- night . David rub he head . he 's exhaust - too . mentally . harry yourbrain can only put so much in at once . take - a brreak . Da :} , nod . his ey g 6,0s ' to : Harry ' 's leather planbook . he btiott to it -- a question : can he look at it . , Harry open tt up to a page in the middle . David 's eye look over the impossibly complex circ$t diagram . david could I ever learn to read that ? Harry shake he head . impossible . david no matter how hard I try ? harry for the same reason you can not breathe underwater or flap you arm and fly . you be not build to do it . 2/12/09 112. david ( be : circuit diagram ) be that I ? harry elise . her decision tree . what it be a few hour ago , before the rain , before we be down here . David look at it , then look away . david I want to ask you what it say .. . what she 's think .. . bit somehow that feel ... wrong . harry you know what she 's thinkin-g , ' David -- as much as you need to know . the rest ... well ... you 're`built to feel that . ext . dance company -- night elise exit to the street , pull a scarf around she neck .. int . undergroundpumping station -. night David close the p14nbook . harry ready to get back to work ? sometle about that strike Harry ... harry you father use to say that . off David 's reaction -- int . elise's apartment -- night elise enter , turn on the light ... she pick up the computer printout of she court appointment to be marry . a Post - it note on top of the printout read : " we last night apart ... Love , adrian . " 2/12/09 113. int . underground pumping station -- night David and Harry examine photo of a blue door at the side of a tribeca restaurant . david the fastest path be get to the blue door right off the bat ... harry but you be expose the whole way there . it 's a lot riskier than leapfrogge through door -- david but if I can make it ... I '. Il have catch they completely bysurprise . harry assume you make it . int . elise's apartment -- night elise turn out the light , curling up in she bed . fade music out and slow -fade picture to : ext . downtown manhattan -- morning the early morning sun slice through the urban canyon . int . manhattan county court build -- 5 th floor -- day adrian the guy from ' the photo in elise 's apartment -- dtand at the court f2egtstrpsr ' 's window . court registrar do you have you license ? adrian hand she he marriage license . court registrar be you fiancee here ? adrian get out of a cab downstairs . the registrar glance at the license to make sure it 's in order . then stamp it : " judge Williams , docket # 23 " . court registrar courtroom six . 2/12/09 114. int . underground pumping station -- morning Harry come down from topside , with he planbook in hand . David be wait anxiously down here . harry you get lucky . it 's raining again . david the marriage be schedule for ten minute from now . harry you can not jump the gun on this , , .. get there too early be almost as bad as get there too late . Harry look at he update planbook and consult he watch . tnt . manhattan county court build -- lobby -- day elise and lauren step into a-polish brass elevator from New York 's tammany Hall day . her look be distant , disconnect . not what you be suppoe to look like on you wedding day . int . underground pumping station --, morning David be rear to go . finally , harm 's watch alarm beep . harry it ',.t time . David breathes a sigh of relief . Harry take the hat off h1znrhead wand hand it to - David . david I be go for the blue door . harry of course ... music cue ( something with relentless , pound energy of the verve remix of Sarah Vaughn 's " fever " ) . harry run fast . 2/12/09 115. ext . lower manhattan -- alley -- day David blow through a drab utility door into a alley . he careen around a corner onto greenwich Street and start a all out sprint -- int . thompson' office -- day rain pelt the window as Thompson read the newspaper . Thompson 's aide rush in . thompson' aide it be a momentary flash , and give the weather we can not be sure , but it look like Mr. norris may be -- ext . lower manhattan -- day David run through a puddle as he race down greenwich St. through the pour rain . int . thompson' office -- day Thompson rush . out of he office follow by he aide . - thompson do we have a proctor - at the wedding ?! int . manhattan county court build -- fifth floor -- day adrian kiss elise . adrian hi , honey . ( notice she face ) you okay ? elise just a little queasy . adrian why ? elise I be not sure . nervous ... I just need a minute in the bathroom . 2/12/09 116. int . courthouse lady room -- day Big old marble sink , heavy wood door . elise enter , tear welling in she eye ... int . adjustment bureau hallway -- day Thompson rush down the hall . Three aide with he now . thompson Cars ! Cars ! from here it 's faster in the car ! ext . lower manhattan -- greenwich STREET day David can see the blue door . he race toward it . ext . financial district -- pine STREET -- day Thompson rush out the front .. door of a perfect ar-t Deco tower and jump into he black mercede . thompson ( to he assistant ) where be heribw ?! thompson' aide greenwich STREET - they jump in and the car peel out , follow by two other . ext .:- , lower manhattan -- greenwich STREET -- day id vhit theblue - _..door . bang . he 's through it like liihtne and come ' out -- ext . foley square -- day he come out of a building directly across from the courthouse from Harry 's photo . int . mercede -- day Thompson and McManus speed North . thompson' aide whoa ! 2/12/09 117 . thompson what ? Thompson 's aide be speechless as he stare at he planbook . thompson what ? thompson' aide he just go into the substrate ... off Thompson 's reaction : int . manhattan county court build -- lobby -- day a soaking wet David blow through the front door and skid to a stop at the security line -- int . courtroom -- day adrian and lauren wait in the courtroom . court clerk docket # 22 please come forward the guy next to adrian stand up . adrian : throw a panicked look at lauren . adrian we be next . will you check on she ? int .: nanhattancounty court build -- lobby -- day tht epeople in lima in front of he . he 's not go to 9 1 ke 41t . David go to the front . ' dam it 's a emergency . new yorker we all have emergency , pal . ( then realizing ) be you David norris ? int . courthouse lady room -- day lauren wipe tear from elise 's face . elise be I make the biggest mistake of my life ? 2/12/09 118. lauren ( carefully ) I can not answer that question for you , elise . but I will say -- elise lauren ( pull self together ) if you have doubt -- I be okay . elise I be just nervous . you have not do this yet . it 's overwhelming ... lauren elise -- elise I be okay . I be go to clean up . tell adrian I will be right there . int . manhattan county court build -- lobby day David throw he key on . the , . x- ray belt , go through the metal detector , then bï¿½s1 - ts without wait ' for he key ---- security officer Congressman ! you leave . you -- int . courtroom -- day lauren returf to sit next to adrian . she hold up one finger -- ' one more minute . move to reveal , a suspicious - look man step into the of aartroom , in a fedora . he scan the room in en y , t to then suit - he planbot k. . k ba :ihff mar k h' es all be mov e he hat int . manhattan county court build -- staircase -- day David race up the stair -- int . courtroom -- day court clerk docket # 23 please come forward . adrian look at lauren . stands . motion urgently for lauren to get elise from the bathroom -- 2/12/09 119 . ext . manhattan county court build -- foley square -- day Thompson 's three mercede skid to a stop outside . int . 5 th floor lobby outside courtroom -- day lauren exit the courtroom just as David bound up the last few stair to reach the fifth floor . lauren David ?! david where be she ? Water drip from he clothes onto the marble floor . lauren you want to explain to I -- david ( no time ) where be she ?! ( softening ) I will . explain to she -- lauren point at the 1 - ady room . David nod " thanks " and enter -- int . lady room -- day elise turn to see he and stop cold . ellst david hi ... elise why be you do this to I ? just then the door burst open . the suspicious man from the courtroom -- David elbow he in the face . the man drop . elise David ! 2/12/09 120. David calmly turn back to she . david you be not suppose to be weep on you wedding day , elise . elise fight the emotion again welling inside . david you be never happy with adrian . you tell I that . elise put she head in she hand . elise this be so screw up . oh , - God .. david I love you . I know I have act strangely . but , I love you . elise do not do this to I . david I have never feel anything like . this in my life . elise if you care ' so much , why the hell do you disappear on I in that hospital ? EL SE what be you ha . d 1 g from I ? why do you dis pp`ear " again ! you fuck bastard ! why ? tear be stream down she face . david they will reset I ... elise david -- david they will scramble my brain -- elise David , stop talk like this ! stop ! 2/12/09 121. David look back at she ... just look at she . then he lean over and wipe a tear from she face . and he decide ... he just decide . david but at least you will know the truth . ( beat ) I see behind the curtain , elise . I see this . he open up Harry 's planbook . elise see the intricate " wiring diagram . " see the line shift on the page . it startles she . david it 's not in they " plan " for we to be together . so they be try to stop we . int . staircase -- day Thompson and minion rush up the stair . thompson' aide oh mygod ... he just reveal we . int . lady room -- day elise stare back at he . elise stop talk like a crazy person . stop make thing up -- david they say if we be together they '`d take dance from you and politic , 's , from I . they hurt you ankle that night . they -- the door fly open again . David pick up a trash can and clobber the fedora-wearing man who enter . he drop . int . staircase -- day Thompson spin to he aide , finger in he face . thompson call the intervention team ! tell they it 's a square - one reset ! 2/12/09 122. int . lady room -- day a nypd shield on the belt of one guy David knock out . elise Jesus .. . the cop be after you ?! David grab the shield and use it to wedge the door close . kick it in so it 's jamme tight . david he 's not a cop . he 's one of they . another body slam into the door now . but the shield hold it shut . elise who 's " they ? " slam ! slam ! the door crack -- elise Jesus , David !. what 's go on ?! David be impossibly calm . he put he hat back on . david I be go to : show you . he take elise 's hand , open the bathroom door , and walk she across the threshold into -- ext . ; soho -- day davidand elise step ? thhgtgh . a door onto a street in soho . she stop . awed . unable to speak . david come on ... we need to lose they . David walk she across the street and pick a door at random , open it -- ext . door -- day David and elise exit through a door . her jaw drop . reverse to reveal Central Park 's sheep meadow spread before they . ( they have exite from the building on its north edge ) . elise step out onto the grass , touch it , fall to she knee in the rain , completely overwhelm ... 2/12/09 123. int . 5 th floor lobby / int . lady room -- day a bevy of man in hat push the lady room door open and rush in . they be shocked to see it 's empty ... ext . sheep' meadow -- day eliselook at David david the rain slow they down but they can track we . we have two orthree minute . maybe less . elise be still speechless . he take she hand . david the ten year - old in I always mix up win election with be love . then I metk you ; , .. ( beat ) the thing be , if they would let I be with you I would n'tk have leave politipe . t , just would have beef in it , or. all the right reason . David pause for a moment . he can see this ' so clearly in he head . how can it notbe right ? david now you know . youknota everything . and you have to leave mitie . eli bava ) they will take` dance from you . you see what they - 'did before . ' fihe foundation of she world have just collapse ... but somehow she pull herself together to say this : elise no . david you be not safe with I . if you don't leave -- she put she finger to he lip . shhhh ... 2/12/09 124. elise it do not make any sense but , right now I feel safer than I have ever feel before . ( beat ) I be stay ... int . the chairman' office -- day the Chairman 's Office be the size of the read room at the New York Public Library . thirty foot high . ceiling . a dozen assistant perform various task very quietly , give it more the feel of a papal court , than a corporate office . we see the chairman from behind only .. but we can still tell he be utterly calm and in complete control . a aide come to the Chairman 's -- desk , . set two open leather folio in front of he . aide to- he ' " chairman Mr. Thompson have make a emergency request for the intervention team .. one of the folio .:: document be title " reset authorization . " int . banana republic store -- day a dress room door open . David and elise , both soaking , exit past a startle attendant .- they walk through the store and out onto ext . columbus avenue -- day tiey`look for another door . elise every door ? tavid nod ... as they walk into another ... ext . sheep meadow -- day Thompson and a dozen other man with hat step out into the rain , scan the horizon for any sign of they quarry . int . chairman' office -- day the Chairman hold a silver pen as he flip through the case file . 2/12/09 125. ext . columbus avenue -- day David and elise head towards a door across the street from the banana Republic . ext . harlem -- day they emerge through a door on the 125th Street metro-north platform . run down the stair to street level . int . banana republic -- day Thompson and a half - dozen minion emerge from the same dress room David and elise do . the seventeen year - old attendant press back against the wall , totally freak now . ext . harlem -- day David and elise head toward a storefront church . ext . columbus avenue -- day Thompson and he man pour out onto the street flash nypd badge and ask question . / ext . harlem -- day David and elise enter the church and -- ext stone facade -- day -- exit from a metal door in a stone facade . pull back to reveal that they be stand at the base of the statue of Liberty ... elise look out at the harbor and the city . rain pelt she face . and she smile . exhilated . like a prisoner who have just break she chain ... ext . columbus avenue -- day rain bounce off the dozen long black raincoat wear by Thompson and he man . a black suburban with under- grill police light pull up fast . 2/12/09 126. driver of suburban the intervention team have pinpoint a interception point . Thompson circle he finger in the air to tell he man to saddle up , they be move out -- ext . statue of LIBERTY -- day elise isstill smile . david let 's go . elise we can not keep run forever , . David . david if they find we ... they will take you from I . elise I will not let .. they . david they will take you from here . David touch he head ' . elise no , I will not let they . she lean , -.over and kiss hi 's forehead . int T. ? re ' war apartment build -- day David and elise exit into a hallway with eight door on it . david perfect . David pick a door . it 's lock . he try another . it 's one -- lock too . he try a third . lock . elise try shake she head . david they be not suppose to be lock ! David hear sound come from the building 's central staircase . he look down it to see four man in silver suit climb up the stair . 2/12/09 127. ding . the elevator door down the hall open . more man in silver suit . elise this one 's open ! elise be stand at the door to the roof . David run to she and they go up the stair together to -- ext . roof -- day David push the roof door shut , barricade it with some concrete block sit on the roof . rain pour down on they . they rush to the edge of the roof . , Three con Edison van be park haphazardly on the street below . and a dozen civilian on the sidewalk be froze n.. 11 : ; David grab elise and they go to the side of the roof , the roof of the building next door be ten foot below they . they hang they leg over the edge and jump . they sprint across the roof of the building next door -- except somehow they find themselves run across the same roof they be just on . David see the concrete block he place against the door a moment ago . the door bang against theme be shove open from inside . David and elise run back in the c5 , pposite direction . at the building 's edge they climb over again and ... run ... only to find that theyare still on the first roof they be on . it 's like they be in a . escher painting . they stop , and look at each other . David take she hand as adjustment team trsaper appear all around they from adjacent roof . they be completely surround . elise kiss I . tear well in she eye . and he . elise Close you eye and kiss I . he do . and they kiss in the rain ... elise I love you , David norris . 2/12/09 128. they hold each other for a long beat ... . and then , finally , open they eye .. . ready to accept they fate -- they see a empty roof . the Silver suit be go . and the rain have stop . a strange silence envelope they ... they spin the other direction to see the Chairman , stand there , alone . the chairman hello , David ... good morning , elise . his voice be gentle , paternal . david who be you ? the chairman I think you know . David and elise stand in awe ' - ' as they realize . david you can not oti{rn fate ... tft , chairman it 's . more - complicated t , }an that , fate be free will coexist they be ; in tension with each other . and pure chance . a beat . David look back at he ... david th2;.&gt ;ï¿½hat , rman I could control ' everything . you would be ha` 3 ou ' d be puppet . I try to . keep thing from get too out of control . but that have a cost . most people go through life like pinballs , reacting predictably to the stimulus I apply . they accept the path they find themselves on . and perform accordingly . but every once in a while someone come along who refuse to be bound by he fate , someone who understand that free will be a gift most people be too afraid to use . ( beat ) which , you see , be partly the point of all this . 2/12/09 129 . the chairman ( cont would ) or maybe you do not see it . maybe you just feel it . and that 's even better . because that 's the other part . David and elise take it in ... david and all the misery , all the pain ... the chairman I sit up there and I watch it and it hurt I ... . but if you could see the incredible courage people show , the random act of kindness , the love ... if you could see huitan being choose every moment every day to be better than '' I make they , you would know it 's all worthwhile . ( beat ) good luck , David . and good luck to you , elise . you be a-beautiful dancer . and so much more ... the Chairman turn to he aide , who we do not know be there . the chairman they case isclose . aide to the chairrman but , Sir , be not this a majtr . deviation from the plan ? the chairmen turn to another aide who be hold a folio open and sign - a document on - ery heavy paper . the chairman not anymc3e . David and elise watc ] i the Chairman walk away , still awed by what=they have just experience . as he disappear around a corner , the sun come out from behind the cloud ... after a long beat , elise turn back to David , as if to say " what do we do now ? " david maybe we should go dance . a smile slowly spread across she face ... the end