the Russell girl by Jill blotevogel May 10 , 1996 represented by apa . cigency for the derforming Clare , I ' talent and literary agency 9000 sunset boulevard los angele , california 90069 ( 3108 273-0744 fax : 310 '' 888-4242 1 . open credit roll as we fade in on : ext . chicago skyline - sweeping aerial view - day - the city be gorgeous , shimmer under the early summer sun . Lake Michigan sparkles . soldier field lend a flash of color . the sear Tower add a touch of grandeur . as the camera descend , we see movement -- million of people on they lunch hour . finally , on the step of thé Art Museum , we see one cog in the machine who seem to be motionless , deep in think . ext . art museum - day sit next to one of the famous lion be sarah russell -- 24 year - old and '' girl next door " pretty . with dark smudge of fatigue under she eye , she resemble a delicate china doll up past she bedtime . she seem to be concentrate on the traffic at this busy intersection . the remain of a half - eat sack lunch be beside she . sarah ( v.0 . ) if I have to choose one word to . describe my life , it would have to be " random " . event do not happen in a logical progression . no rhyme . no reason . Sarah stand . she walk down the last two step , throw she trash away and stride down the street . ext . marshall field - day Sarah enter the impose Art Deco building with tastefully - arrange window display . int . marshall field as she walk past various counter , people smile and wave at she . friendly , but not too friendly . sarah ( v.0 . ) in fact , I thrive on the surprise life seem determine to keep throw at I . for instance , though I graduate from the University of Chicago at the top of my class , I do not make it into Harvard Med school . two year later , I be a assistant buyer at Marshall field . and I do not even like to shop . she enter a office and take a seat at one of the many identically - functional desk . she do paperwork as people begin to trickle back from lunch . Sarah smile as various employee greet she , but no one engage she in conversation . sarah ( v.0 . ) I do not have any friend . well , not really . CUT to : int . sarah' apartment - night a open plan apartment with hardwood floor -- the live room , kitchen and dining room all share the same space . a too-hip woman with brilliant curly red hair play a keyboard . the volume be way up . her name be carla . sarah ( v.0 . ) . even my roommate and I . we have more of a truce than a friendship . Sarah come pad out of a room in she pajamas , squinting and rub she eye . carla too loud ? though the word imply she may be sorry , the tone imply she also would not mind start a fight . sarah get some water . as Sarah fill a glass at the sink , carla turn the volume up a notch . Sarah glance at a clock on the wall . it 's 1:30 am . sarah ( v.0 . ) carla wonder why I never say anything . most people would kill for a roommate like I . I think she assume I be scolding she for be too loud by be too quiet . Sarah pad back to she bedroom as carla dig into a spectacular solo . cur to : int . marshall field - martine's office - day martine , Sarah 's boss and the very picture of chic sit in a plush chair watch six - foot- tall model come and go in forma ] dress . Sarah sit beside martine , take note on she decision . a chilean designer name rodrigo stand nearby give the detail on each outfit . a assistant run up and whisper in rodrigo 's ear . he be annoyed by the news . rodrigo ( apologetically , to martine ) my mimi ... she have sickness . rodrigo eye Sarah speculatively . so do martine . Sarah cringe . cur to : on the mock stage : Sarah be dress in a flippy faux - leopard skin coat , cream legging and knee-high brown suede boot . other model wear fur jacket , wool coat and lycra ski-wear . sarah ( v.o. ) martine do not realize how much this humiliate I . she think I get a thrill from play a poor man 's Cindy Crawford . but , Sarah seem resign to she newest job requirement . at martine 's urging , she add a slight burlesque swing to she walk . martine laugh and applaud . sarah ( v.o. ) fur coat in May . it 's a twisted business . get into it , Sarah twirl so the coat swing around marlo thomas-style . suddenly , without warning , mid-twirl even , Sarah collapse to the stage . unconscious . martine run up to she . martine Sarah ?! martine dial " 911 " on she cell phone . rodrigo tsk tsk' . rodrigo ( disapprove ) so unprofessional . 4. of . rodrigo comfort the other model , who run to he protective arm as if unconsciousness be contagious . cur to : over blackness : '' sarah ( v.0o . ) my mother have a inexplicable fear of doctor . she have never be in a serious accident or hospitalize for anything except the birth of she child . perhaps , it 's the fear of know what 's wrong and have to face it . ( beat ) : whether it 's hereditary or psycho - logical , I have inherite this fear . end credit sequence : int . chicago memorial hospital - sarah' room - day Sarah wake up in a sterile gray room , in a stiff white bed , —_ surround by all that medical stuff . sarah ( v.o. ) and it do not matter that I want to become one , I still do not like waking up . in a hospital bed face - to - face with -- dr . gordon I be Dr. Gordon . a slightly - bald doctor in he mid - 40' , dr . gordon , look up briefly from a chart when he hear she stir . Sarah struggle to sit up . sarah ( hoarse ) can I go now ? Sarah be surprised at how crack and weak she voice sound . slip into the role of able person to she helpless patient , Dr. Gordon pour she a glass of water . o~ . doctor gordon no , Sarah , I be afraid we need you to stay while we run a few test . sarah ( v.o. ) and run a few tube up my nose and stick a i.v. in my hand ... Sarah look down and see the needle already in she hand . sarah ( laugh to herself ) too late . ( beat ) look , I get dizzy and pass out . since when do that call for test ? doctor gordon that do not . it 's the 14 hour you spend unconscious afterwards . sarah ( v.0 . ) now this be news . - doctor gordon it no a sign the body 's deal with something . if we can identify that something perhaps we can help you body deal with it . Sarah lie back dejectedly . CUT to : a montage of evil- look test be run ... - a extremely cold - look cat - scan machine swallow Sarah like a cat devour a tasty bird . - more blood be take from a already pale Sarah . - probe be place on and in every part of Sarah 's defenseless body . even though you do not know Sarah very well yet ... you gotta sympathize . cut to : int . sarah' hospital room - evening Sarah sit up in she bed . physically , she look better , but judge from the shocked look on she face , she 's just get some bad news . . sarah leukemia ? Dr. Gordon speak seriously but soothingly . DR. gordon ( nodd ) acute myeloginous . ( quickly ) it 's not as bad as it sound , Sarah . ' sarah ( sarcastic ) . I do not mean to jump : 'to conclusion . please tell I the positive side of have cancer . dr . gordon Sarah , I know it all sound pretty grim , but we have very effective treatment program . many people go into remission and continue to live full healthy life ... Dr. Gordon 's voice drone on , but Sarah be not listen anymore . her eye stray to the clothes hang in she closet . the ridiculous leopard -skin coat , legging and boot . sarah ( v.0 . ) I want to go home . cur to : int . kankakee - 7 - 11 phone booth - night Sarah , dress in the leopard-skin coat , tight and boot , be make a call . tourist in short and t-shirt stare at she curiously as they buy they snapple and cheetoe . it 's 85° . sarah ( into phone ) just call I at home if anything urgent come up . Sarah move to hang up , then glance at the hospital bracelet still encircle she wrist . she try to pull it off , but it be not budging . sarah ( cont . ) carla ? yeah . if a Doctor Gordon call , you do not know where I be . Sarah hang up . after a moment , she pick the phone back up , drop coin in , dial another number and wait as the line ring and ring . finally , a machine pick up on the other end and the beep be hear . Sarah hesitates , uncertain ... then finally speak . sarak ( falter ) Mom , dad , it 's Sarah ... ( long pause ) I be come home for a visit . I should get in around 7:00 tomorrow morning . int . 7 - 11 - night Sarah stand in line , wait to check out . she bite . a incision in the bracelet and finally tear it off . sarah ( v.o. ) I be not go home for the reason you might think : love , comfort , parental support . I have always be kind of ... self - sufficient . Sarah walk up to the counter and put down a l-liter Mountain Dew . the teenage clerk stare curiously at she outlandish outfit and the rip hospital bracelet as he ring up she purchase . cur to : int . sarah be car - night Sarah be obviously exhaust as she drive down the almost - desert highway . she drink she Mountain Dew and have smash pumpkin cranke as loud as she speaker will allow . sarah ( v.o. ) you might think the fact that I happen to be one of the 25,000 adult diagnose with leukemia annually would support my random theory , but for once it appear cosmic justice have catch up with I . because , as it happen , I deserve to die . ( beat ) but , that 's just not the kind of message you leave on you parent 's answer machine . she pass a cop that have pull someone over . instinctively , she tap the brake . sarah ( v.0 . ) why do I slow down ? I do not know . it 's not like the cop be go to throw down he ticket pad and come after I . ( more ) sarah ( v.o. , cont . } ( beat ) . even if he do , I now have the perfect excuse : I be die and I have get to hurry up and do some shit . pulsing beat or no , Sarah 's eyelid be droop . on flashing red light match CUT to : flashback - the open credit of '' the a- team " ow a tv screen int . live room two little boy -- jon and ricky -- avidly watch Mr. T and the rest of he vigilante gang wreak havoc in the name of justice . for no particular reason , jon shove ricky . ricky shove back . it 's a free for all . jon / ricky ( péak volume ) saraht int . kitchen in the kitchen , a gawky 12 - year - old Sarah make popcorn at the stove . a adorable one - year-old , jennifer , watch curiously from she walker . jon and ricky can be hear yell at each other . sarah ( yell ) guy ! truce now or the tv go off and the pajamas go on ! the sound of the two boy fight in the live room grow to a deafen pitch . Sarah look at Jennifer and raise she eyebrow . sarab you be much too good to be related to that two . Jennifer smile in response . as soon as the pop issue from the cover pot subside , Sarah turn off the burner and set the pot on the counter . Jennifer can not take she eye off the popcorn . Sarah push Jennifer 's walker into the live room . int . live room Sarah have to step in and physically separate the brawling brother . sarah okay , what 's the problem ? jon he start it . ricky you hit I , jerkwad . unnotice , Jennifer start to scoot back toward the kitchen . jon you fat head be in my way . jon try to get at ricky again , but Sarah hold they apart . sarah I would hate to have to throw all that popcorn away . jon and ricky eye each other , ponder a truce borne out of mutual hunger . suddenly , Sarah look around . sarah where 's Jennifer ? and then she hear a strange noise as of something thumping against something else . it build and turn into a horrible grating SOUND . CUT to : int . sarah be car - dawn the grating SOUND be Sarah 's car scraping against the guard rail on the right side of the road . she fall asleep . waking and panic , she overcompensate and swerve leave across two lane and onto the grassy median , where she slam on she brake . luckily , the road be desert . Sarah 's face be streak with tear . she bury she head in she hand . slowly , she look up and be take aback by the subtle beauty of a Midwest sunrise ... the palest lavender , pink and gray streak with wispy cloud . how could anything be wrong on a day like this ? cut to : ext . stanton , illinois - ray' sunoco - early morning the sun be a little higher in the sky when Sarah pull into this fill station . 10 . buddy carroll , a a good- look 21 - year-old , walk over and eye the scrape along the passenger side of the car . buddy you know , I could take care of that -- . he walk around the car and bend down to the driver 's side window as Sarah , not look , open the door . the window frame crack against he head and he fall to the ground . sarah ohmigod , I be sorry . ( help he up ) be you okay ? reeling like a punch - drunk fighter , he blink he eye as he look up at she . the sun be behind she and he only see a angelic silhouette . . buddy Sarah ? sarah ( incredulous ) buddy ? buddy it 's Henry now . he point to the namepatch on he chambray workshirt to prove it . sure enough , it say " Henry " . . Sarah help he up and seem amaze when he tower over she at over six foot tall . sarah you be so ... big . buddy 's be six year ... you know , I drink milk . buddy can not believe he say that . this two speak in the shorthand of people who have know each other all they life , but the undercurrent be strange ... almost embarrassed . sarah I be sorry . I be so use to self - serve . buddy I *ll get it . 11 . buddy and Sarah surreptiziously size each other up as he pump gas . int . ray' sunoco / buddy lead Sarah in . he ring up the gas . buddy that will be twelve even . Sarah hand he a credit card and he shake he head apologetically . buddy sorry , Sarah . Cash only . buddy be stare at she bizarre coat . Sarah notice , but do not offer a explanation . sarah forget where I am. ( smile ) you know you be the only gas station on earth that do not take credit card . buddy talk to my dad . progress march on and leave he in the dust . sarah how 's he doin ' ? Sarah 's catch herself with a grimace . she 's be home for ten minute and be already pick up the native drawl she work so hard to get rid of . buddy good ... good . Sarah hand he a twenty . buddy nod toward she car as he make change . buddy i- I be say before , I can give you a good deal on a little body work . Sarah smile at he word . sarah now there 's a offer I do not get every day . 12 . buddy shake he head , embarrassed . buddy the scrape ..- on you car . sarah ohhh . thanks . I ' 11 think about it . buddy " how 's Daniel do ? sarah I be gonna ask you . buddy oh , I have see he home on break , but we do not ... you know ... hang out that much . we be both really busy . Sarah be walk out . buddy speak up before he lose he nerve . buddy hey would you maybe want to go see a movie sometime ? sarah I really do not think I be gonna be home long , buddy , but thanks ... there be a awkward beat as Sarah hesitates before leave . saras ( cont . ) it 's good to see you . buddy yeah . same here . then she 's go . buddy watch she get in she car and head for town . he could not take he eye off she if he try . buddy ( to himself ) I drink milk ? idiot . int . sarah' car Sarah drive through the almost - desert Main Street then turn onto a residential street . 13 . ext . residential STREET two women in they 50' dress in hideous sweatsuit be racewalk . they breathe be labor and they seem near collapse . they stop to watch Sarah 's car pass . woman 1 wonder what could bring she home . woman ' 2 . trouble , most likely . the two woman try to shrug it off , but they curiosity be as tangible as they fatigue . . further down the STREET ..- Sarah pull into the driveway of a red-brick house . she get out and . walk inside through a side screen door . ext . morrisey house across the street , a woman watch Sarah enter the house . in she mid - 40' , lorraine morrisey be just start to go gray . though she eye be cold , a vague afterimage of the attractive woman she once be persist . she stare at the door Sarah go through for a few moment . then she pick up she clipper and go back to pruning she spectacular rise bush , fixate on the rose as she clip methodically . match CUT to flashback : the same rose bath in the shadow of ... night . flash light . urgent but unintelligible voice . the clang of metal against metal . a bevy of emt 's trample the rosebush as they run past , pull a stretcher . ext . morrisey house - night a young lorraine and she husband , howard , arrive home to find a ambulance and police car park in front of the house . a few neighbor mill about the front yard , speculate what the trouble might be . they stop whisper and turn to stare when they see lorraine approach . she eye they back , terrify . 14. lorraine ( to crowd ) what be you look at ? a ghostly male voice overlap she own at this question . smash CUT to : int . morrisey house - bathroom - morning - present lorraine be wash the dirt from she hand and stare in the mirror above the sink , mesmerize . her husband , Howard , watch she for a moment before repeat he question . he have kind eye and a patient smile . howard . lorraine , what be you look at ? lorraine snap out of it with a start . she seem surprised to find herself in the bathroom , but recover quickly . lorraine ( be not it obvious ? ) the mirror . she walk out , leave he stare after she from the doorway . int . morrisey house ~ kitchen lorraine walk into the kitchen and pour a cup of coffee . Howard follow , sit at the table and glance at the newspaper . lorraine the Russell girl be home . Howard look up , surprised and cautious . he try a light -heart tone . howard which one ? lorraine sit down across from she husband and make it clear she 's not amused . lorraine the only one . howard so ... Sarah 's home . he look at she over the top of he paper . she avoid he eye and drink she coffee . cur to : 15 . int . russell house - morning Sarah hear voice talk excitedly in the kitchen as she walk in the doorway . sarah hello ? the voice abruptly stop . Sarah pause , a little confuse , then walk into ... int . russell house - kitchen corn-fe phil and gayle russell be the definitive Midwest parent . phil wear a mailman 's uniform and gayle wear . a century 21 blaze yellow blazer . they stand by the kitchen table . both seem strangely tense as if they be suppress something . the only noise be the today show squawk from the small tv on the counter . : sarah hi. : phil hi honey . gayle exchange a look with phil . gayle we just talk to carla . apparently , you get a important call this morning . Sarah can not believe she ear . this be definitely not how she want they to hear about she illness . sarah I can explain ... gayle you do it , sweetheart . Sarah be completely confuse by this word . phil Harvard Med School . you make the cut . Sarah be stunne . her parent run to she and envelop she in hug . CUT to : 16 . int . morrisey house - morning jon and Rick , now in high school , zip around the kitchen gather breakfast on the go . lorraine sort laundry from a hamper . she look at she box of detergent . lorraine Howard , I need some detergent . could you pick it up ? now dress in a suit , Howard be walk out the door . howard I be in meeting ' till 6:15 . jon ? jon be walk out the back door . jon Baseball , dad . Rick do not wait to be ask as he follow jon out the back door , smoothly pick up a set of car key as he go . rick can not dad . yearbook meeting . lorraine Richard ! come back here . Rick ease back into the house guiltily . lorraine you brother 's drive . Rick turn to Howard . he obviously know it 's useless to argue with lorraine . rick dad , I have get my permit . how be I suppose to learn if I never drive ? howard quiet ) jon 's drive . i'11 take you out to reservoir Road this weekend for a few practice run . rick thanks dad . Rick do not even address lorraine as he run out the door . Howard move to leave . lorraine put the last of the detergent in the washer and let the lid '' accidentally '' close with a bang . howard ( turn back ) lorraine , can not you just -- she cut he off with a look . there 's tension here that Howard do not have the time or energy to deal with . he give in . . howard ( cont. , sigh ) I will try and bring some home at lunch . lorraine thank you . Howard give she a quick , awkward kiss on he way out the door . CUT to : int . russell house - day the house be quiet . everyone have leave to live they life . Sarah sit in front of the tv . oprah be on , but she seem to be stare through the screen . slowly , she stand and approach the bay window face the street . carefully remain hide behind the curtain , she stare at the morrisey house . cur to : int . lorraine's workshop - day this screen - in workshop be a extension of the house just off the kitchen . it 's cluttere with antique furniture in various stage of restoration . mote of dust dance in the sunlight slant in the window as lorraine sand the rough spot on a small wooden cedar chest . it 's smaller than a hope chest , but bigger than a jewelry box . lorraine be completely catch up in she work . int . russell house - day it 's difficult , but Sarah pull herself away from the window . suddenly , she attention be catch by Oprah 's intro : be . oprah winfrey ( on screen ) today 's topic be " pregnant teens who try to hide they condition from they Parents . '' be they solving the problem by deal with it themselves or avoid it by refuse to seek help and advice ? we will find out in just a moment . ccut to : int . russell house - gayle' bedroom - evening gayle be sit on she bed . paper be spread around she and she sort through they . Sarah knock softly and enter . gayle hi . sarah get a minute ? gayle be a little surprised . this be not like Sarah . gayle pat a empty spot on the bedspread . gayle have a seat . gayle page through a pile of property listing , obviously not able to find what she 's look for . sarah you be probably wonder why I come home like I do ... gayle ( distract ) hmm ? ( beat ) I be sorry if carla ruin you surprise . sarah it be not about mo school . when gayle look up , she notice Sarah 's dishevel hair . she start to smooth it . gayle who cut you hair ? you probably pay good money ... Sarah duck she head away , try to avoid she mother 's hand . 19 . sarah no mom , it 's okay , I only use my bad money . gayle be too preoccupy to catch Sarah 's sarcasm ... or maybe she just do not listen . gayle what do you pay ? $ 30 ? $ 35 ? sarah $ 50 . ( turn ) look , mom , forget about my hair . gayle try to forget about the hair , but it 's difficult . she finally notice that Sarah 's upset about something . gayle : Sarah , if it 's the money , do not worry . I already check into a student loan . sarah it 's not that . I just do not know if this be the right thing for I to be tackle right now -- gayle be surprised by Sarah 's reluctance , but laugh it off . gayle oh come on . this be the only thing you have want to tackle since you graduate . ( beat ) you be just nervous . phil stick he head in the door as he pass by . phil just talk to Daniel . he will be home tomorrow afternoon . Sarah be surprised by the news . gayle all my brilliant offspring under the same roof . what more could a mother ask for ? gayle see that something be still bother Sarah . 20 . gayle ( cont . ) I know this Harvard thing be weird . you just resign yourself to not go and now you be go so stop worry . gayle reach out and hug Sarah . from Sarah 's expression , we know this be very uncharacteristic -- she do not quite know how to react . : Sarah look at she mom and herself in the mirror . gayle be so happy . Sarah just do not know how to tell she the truth . cur to : int . russell house - live room - day the next day , we see Sarah sit in the same spot deep in think . she rub the bridge of she nose as if try to suppress some pain . she try to pull herself out of it by flipping through the channel . sarah ( v.o. ) why can not I just tell my mother ? maybe I just want to hold onto my normal life a little bit longer . well ... ( a little laugh ) «+ . my reasonable facsimile of a normal life . oprah be on again . Sarah do not want to watch it , but something draw she to it . oprah winfrey ( on screen ) okay ... we be back with " victim of repressed guilt and anger who. manifest that guilt in a actual physical illness . " my next guest feel responsible -- Sarah click the tv off . once again , she stand and look out the bay window at the morrisey house . Sarah make what be probably the hardest decision of she life ... and head for the door before she can change she mind . cuT to : 21 . int . lorraine be workshop - day lorraine be again work on the cedar chest , carefully replace piece of mother - of - pearl in the intricate design on the box 's lid . she be in a world of she own ... a insulate world that she be in complete control of . for now . until , the doorbell ring . CUT to : ext . morrisey house - front door Sarah stand wait . she suddenly realize she 's hold she breath and let it out . after several moment , she decide to walk around the side of the house . cuT to : int . lorraine's workshop lorraine have ignore the doorbell . she seem satisfied when it be not repeat . all be blissfully silent again . but then a knock sound at the screen door that lead outside . lorraine look up with a start , like a rabbit catch in headlight . sarah ( through screen door ) lorraine recognize Sarah instantly , but remain silent , as if hope she will just go away . ext . workshop Sarah may have psyched herself up for this , but now that she 's here ... she resolve want to abandon she . she 's never be so nervous , but she force herself to try conversation . sarah ( cont . ) well , I just want to come over and say " hi " . can I come in ? lorraine still do not say anything . Sarah hesitates but then enter anyway . 22 . int . workshop Sarah look around curiously , like a tenant interested in rent the space . lorraine look up , surprised by Sarah 's audacity . * awkward '' do not begin to describe this meeting . it 's obvious this two have not speak in year . sarah I come by to -- Sarah stop abruptly . how be she suppose to do this ? blurt out '' can you forgive I ? " ? lorraine look up , almost as if she hear Sarah 's thought . Sarah avoid lorraine 's intense gaze and instead finger various half - finish treasure until she see the beautiful mother - of - pearl chest . she try to use it to jump start a conversation . sarah that 's beautiful . lorraine be that why you come over ? you want something restore ? Sarah be startle by lorraine 's voice . she grab onto the lifeline lorraine have inadvertently toss she . sarah maybe . lorraine it 's pretty simple . either you do or you do not . sarah '' well , I do not have a particular piece in mind . do everyone bring stuff to you ? lorraine realize that she 's go to have to converse . lorraine not always . I have a partner who go around to estate sale and pick up thing . I restore they and she sell they . lorraine grab a business card off a nearby rolltop desk and hand it to Sarah . 23 . lorraine ( cont . ) here 's she number . tell she what kind of plece you want and she will give you a estimate if she can . lorraine go back to work . conversation over . Sarah 's still look around . after a moment , lorraine look up expectantly . sarah : ( hesitant ) I be hope you could help I find something . Sarah 's so tense she can not keep a quaver out of she voice . struggle to be casual , Sarah lean against a ancient table . unfortunately , one leg be loose and it teeter precariously . lorraine jump up to steady it before it fall . lorraine ( curt ) no . I do not do that . sarah be you sure ? maybe you could -- lorraine ( interrupt ) " no " be really the strongest negative I like to use with potential customer . ( motion to box ) now I really need to get back to work . sarah well , thanks anyway . Sarah back out the door hesitantly . ext . morrisey house Sarah lean against the house for a moment out of lorraine 's sightline before head back to she house . it 's obvious she 's regret she move . int . lorraine's workshop lorraine struggle to concentrate on what she 's do . after a moment , she look out the screen door and watch Sarah 's depart back with a intense curiosity she could not let herself show before . CUT to : 24 . ext . russell house - late afternoon sarah 's 21 - year-old brother , daniel , pull up in front of they house in he batter Ford escort . the car be load with luggage and bag of dirty laundry . Rather than unload he car , Daniel pull a basketball out and start shoot basket on they driveway . he be tall and lanky with a outgo exuberance . sarah ( 0.c. ) hey ! welcome home stranger . Daniel look up to see Sarah return from the morrisey house . she run up and give he a hug . daniel welcome home yourself . what be you do over there ? he gesture to the morrisey house . sarah dust say '' hi " . dantel and do you get a reply ? sarah ( shrugging it off ) of course . do she ever leave ? daniel accord to mom , no . ( in a creepy Vincent price voice ) she only come out to trim she rise bush . at that moment , buddy drive up in a white pick - up truck . he get out and approach they . buddy hey . Daniel smile strangely at buddy , then look pointedly at Sarah . daniel seem like old time . Sarah ignore Daniel and go to meet buddy . sarah how 's you head ? oo 25 . buddy lift he hair to show the bruise bump on he forehead . sarah ooooh . God , I be so sorry . I really whacked you . buddy it 's okay ... really . ( beat ) . I think I would take a look at you car ... the estimate ? the phone start ringing inside the house . sarah oh ... sure . let I just get that . I will be right back . Sarah run into the house . Daniel and buddy eye each other . Daniel break the tense silence . daniel how 's it go ? buddy good . how be year three ? Daniel throw the basketball at buddy hard . buddy catch it with finesse and a instant game of one - on - one spring up . daniel over . thank god. Advanced thermo be hell . buddy dribble past Daniel and sink a basket . buddy my heart go out to you . Daniel smile faintly at he tone ; it imply some long - forget ritual of friendship . - curt to : int . russell house - kitchen breathless , Sarah race in and pick up the phone . sarah hello ? fhere be silence for a moment and Sarah instantly sense who it S. 26 . lorraine ( filter ) I just realize that I be be very rude . sarah no ... it be I . I do not know what I be think just barging in like that . I have no right - ~ lorraine ( filter ) if you want to come by tomorrow , I can show you some sample and help you figure out what you want . sarah ( relieved ) okay . int . morrisey house - workshop lorraine 's voice be icy confident , but she do not look so sure about she decision . lorraine 10 am . lorraine hang up abruptly . curt to : ext . russell house - day Daniel take the ball back then try to sneak past buddy , but he seem to be everywhere he turn . daniel you be practicin ' 's ? buddy not much else to do here . Daniel try a long shot . it miss and buddy grab the rebound . daniel well ... my heart go out to you . buddy ( smile ) what 's Sarah do home ? 27 . daniel ( a realization ) you know ... I do not know . then Daniel turn to look at buddy , who stand dribble . daniel ( cont . ) but , I do not have to guess why you be here . : buddy throw the ball at paniel -- hard -- as Sarah walk out the front door . buddy I be just be friendly . buddy give Daniel a grin which be not return . cut to : ext . russell house - driveway around the back of the house be a separate garage where Sarah 's car be park . buddy examine the scrape on she car closely . he make note on a pre-print form on he clipboard then stand up . buddy I could fix it for about ... ( mentally figure ) $ 60 . sarah be you kid ? buddy that 's just for material ... well , the paint . I would not charge you for labor . sarah buddy , that 's a great price , but it 's no way to run a business . buddy Sarah , it 's Henry now . and you forget where you be . customer relation be what matter in a small community . sarah customer relation ? ( beat ) okay , Henry . do I even need to ask what the catch be ? 28 . buddy it 's a request . sarah lemme guess ... a date ? buddy whatever you want to call it . Sarah pause to think about it , the last thing she need in she life be a complication . buddy be obviously itching to be one . sarah Bud -- ( catch herself ) Henry . ( beat ) I do not want you to take this the wrong way ... buddy look down at the ground , humiliate . Sarah relent . sarah ( cont . ) ++» but okay . he look up and smile . CUT to : int . lorraine 's workshop - day lorraine be put a coat of varnish on the mother - of - pearl box . sarah be sit in a beautiful old rocker paging through a photo album fill with picture of lorraine 's work . sarah how would you get start do this ? lorraine continue to work , hope the question will fade into the woodwork . but , it just hang in the air . lorraine ( finally ) my grandmother teach I . sarah wow . all I ever learn from my grandma be how to swear in italian . ( off lorraine 's look ) hey ... it 's be useful . 29 , lorraine smile faintly and notice as Sarah rub she eye . sarah ( cont . ) but , I do not remember you do this before . how would you start this business ? lorraine do not appreciate anything vaguely resembling the third degree . but , Sarah 's direct gaze say she 's go to keep try no matter what . . lorraine someone see the cradle I make for Jennifer -- lorraine hesitates on the name , but then go on deliberately as if recite a recipe to a friend , lorraine -- and tell I I should go into business . one job lead to another ... lorraine trail off and gesture to the workshop around she . desperate to change the subject , Sarah point to a beautiful paint chest in the photo albun . sarah what about one like this ? relieved , lorraine stand up and move to look over Sarah 's shoulder . lorraine that 's czechoslavakian . from the late 19th century . ( think ) Maureen might be able to find something similar . but I '11 warn you , it will not be cheap . sarah but you could do it ? lorraine sure . Sarah jump up and grab she car key . . sarah come with I to malloy 's and we will see what he have . lorraine sit back down to she varnish . 30 . lorraine that man would not know a antique from a lawn ornament . sarah when 's the last time you be up there ? ( mo answer ) come on . I need you expert eye . lorraine Maureen get back next week . I will send she up there with you then . lorraine 's tone dismiss the subject . Sarah stand by the door . sarah why wait ? lorraine because that 's how I do it . sarah ( brief hesitation ) be it because you do not want to leave the house ? lorraine look up from she work slowly . her eye be flinty . anger smolder there . lorraine why do not you just go home , Sarah . Sarah want to argue the point , but know now be not the time . CuT to : int . russell house - dine room - evening phil and gayle Russell sit at opposite end of the dining table . Sarah and Daniel eat quietly . phil so , Sarah ... how long be you home for ? Sarah look up from she barely - touch meal . sarah oh , um . it 's just a really quiet time for martine - - 31 . gayle ( interrupt , to phil ) what kind of a question be that to ask you daughter ? she may be off on she own , but this be still she home . gayle turn to Sarah and speak with the barest hint of reproach . gayle ~ ( cont . ) she do not have to answer to we . gayle and phil both look to Sarah as if wait for the answer she do not have to give . silence . daniel ( to Sarah ) you go out with buddy tonight ? though relieved by the interruption , Sarah give he a look that could kill . phil and gayle be successfully distract and highly amused by the subject . phil buddy Carroll ? you be finally give he a chance ? gayle now , phil . buddy 's turn into a nice- look young man . phil now that he weigh more than a hundred pound you mean . at that moment , the doorbell ring . phil speak of the devil ? he jump up from he seat and go into the live room . gayle be close behind . Sarah stare at Daniel across the table . he be drink he milk when he notice the dagger- shoot look . bust into laughter , he almost snort the milk through he nose . sarah ( acid ) thank you . thank you very much . Sarah reluctantly rise and follow she parent into the hall . 32 . int . russell house - front door phil and gayle open the door . buddy be stand outside , dress in a button - down and jeans . he hold something behind he back . phil hey there , buddy . phil motion for he to enter . gayle how 's you dad ? buddy walk in and phil close the door . buddy {a bit overwhelm ) thanks ... he 's better . ( beat ) be Sarah --? sarah appear from the dining room and quickly grab she jacket . sarah ( to buddy ) hi. buddy ( relieved ) hi. Sarah smile at she parent and raise she eyebrow . sarah bye . she take a grateful buddy by the arm and quickly pull he out the door . ext . russell house - night buddy walk Sarah to he truck . buddy be it my imagination or be this prom night ? Sarah 's clearly a little uncomfortable , but she 's determine to be nice . 33 . sarah I be sorry . they have get kind of flaky in they old age . stepford parent with brief flash of lucidity . as buddy hold the door of he truck for she , he finally remember to give Sarah the small bouquet of daisy from behind he back . ' buddy - it 's not a corsage but ... Sarah take they and breathes in they fragrance . sarah buddy Carroll , the romantic mechanic . who would have guess ? buddy be a little hurt by the hint of sarcasm Sarah can not keep out of she voice . buddy well , that 's why I be give you this once - in- a- lifetime chance to spend quality time with I ... and please call I '' Henry '' . buddy smile and slam the door . he run around the front of the truck , slip and disappear from view . a moment later , he jump up and raise he arm in the " touchdown " signal . Sarah laugh . cur to : int . willoughby be - night this be a honky - tonk . it be not a subtle place . the beer flow freely , many a delicate foot be step on by a clunky boot and you might get scorched step between some of the smolder glance be exchange . not Sarah 's kind of place . buddy and Sarah be sit at a small table near the dance floor nursing two draft beer . buddy tap he foot as he watch the dance . Sarah stare into she beer . buddy you wanna -- ( turn to Sarah ) Sarah , you okay ? Sarah 's mind be elsewhere . she snap herself out of it . sarah bmmm ? os 34 . buddy catch she glance around apprehensively . buddy I be gonna ask if you ... ( feel lame ) . want to dance . sarah buddy , I hate to tell you , but line dance be not really my thing . buddy stare at she until she drop she eye . buddy just like high school , huh ? it be not cool so you 'il just sit in the bleacher ? sarah buddy . I never do figure out the rule in high school . be you gonna hold it against I that I be a senior when you be a fresh -- ( stop herself ) no. I be not go to have this conversation . I already hear myself defend something that I have no reason to be defensive about . buddy Sarah , Sarah , holdon ... buddy take she hand and try to pull she to the dance floor . she resist . buddy I do not wanna talk . sarah Fine , but I do not wanna dance . buddy obviously want to bridge the gulf between they and he seem convinced that this be the way . Sarah will take some convincing . buddy I will let you lead . he do a few casual step and join the line of dance folk . sarah buddy ! it 's line dance . I do not know how to do it . I do not want to know how to do it . how can I lead ? 35 . Sarah soften she word with a weak smile as she look around for she escape , but buddy 's hand pull she into the line . she 's horrible . it really do not look like any amount of practice be go to help . cuT to : ext , russell house - night buddy 's truck pull into the driveway . int . lorraine's workshop - same time lorraine 's hand carefully wrap the finish mother - of - pearl chest in protective brown paper . she glance out the screen door and see buddy help Sarah out of the truck . lorraine get up and approach the door for a better view . she can not seem to look away . ext . russell house buddy walk Sarah to the front door . the porchlight be on . they stand in uncomfortable silence for a moment . sarah thanks . I have fun . buddy ( quickly ) no you do not , but ... thanks for humoring I . he turn to go . sarah buddy , I be not try to be ... she do not know how to verbalize what she 's feel . buddy turn back reluctantly . buddy you know what ? keep call I buddy . it really help put I in my place . ( beat ) look , I be sorry if I make you uncomfortable tonight . nobody see we out together if that 's what you be worried about . sarah oh ... no. 36 . oo buddy turn away , put stop short . he can not face she and say what he have to say . buddy Sarah , remember when I follow you around all the time ? sarah ( quietly ) yeah ... buddy well , I be not stupid . ( beat ) I be just ... fourteen . he walk away . Sarah watch he for a beat then run down the step and catch he as he 's reach for the truck 's handle . Sarah take he face in she hand and kiss he deeply . buddy be completely take aback . without a word , Sarah run inside and close the front door . of ~ on buddy : he seem paralyze , lip still slightly parte as if wait for a instant replay of that kiss . int . lorraine be workshop lorraine stand at the screen door watch the little drama unfold . her expression be grim , but also a bit wistful . int . the russell house - front door Sarah close the door behind she and lean against it . sarah ( v.o. ) that be probably ... unwise . but , it obviously feel good . CUT to : int . morrisey house - lorraine's bedroom lorraine enter the room and watch Howard . his face be relaxed in sleep and he almost look as young and hopeful as buddy . lorraine lie down a safe distance from he . she reach out and touch he cheek , smile at the scratch of he stubble . he stir of ~ but do not wake . it 's obvious lorraine would not have have the nerve to do it if he have be awake . 37 . cuT to : ext . buddy house buddy pull up in front of a carefully - repair gray shingle house behind the gas station . see no light on in the house , he walk around to the shop . ext . body shop behind the Carroll 's house be a large garage with a assortment of car in various stage of repair . buddy approach . int . body shop million of star provide the only canopy for this open air section of the shed . a tinny portable tv be tune to jay leno . ray carroll doze on a raggedy couch . even asleep , he kind face be line and careworn . buddy drape a old thermal blanket over he father and turn the tv off . cur to : int . morrisey house - kitchen - morning Howard walk in . jon and Rick be eat cereal and cram for final exam . howard can you guy get you own lunch today ? you mom be not ... feel well . jon barely look up from he biology text . jon be it she time of the month or she time of life ? Rick shove he in the shoulder as he get up and rinse he dish . rick no , you moron . ( with meaning ) it 's that time of the year . jon stop to think and then shake he head , depressed by some realization . jon ah , shit . I forget . 38 . Howard make a cup of instant coffee , grimace at the taste . howard do not worry . it 's not so bad . I just talk to she . she 's okay . int . morrisey house - jennifer' bedroom this room have go from bedroom to shrine . dusty from disuse , — diaper and lotion be still stack on the change table . tiny dress be visible hang in the closet . a mobile dangle from the ceiling , destine never to be wound again . still in she robe with she hair tousle , lorraine sit with she forehead rest on a gleam wooden cradle . the movement of she body as she quietly sob make the cradle rock gently . CUT to : int . morrisey house - flashback we be back among the flash light and emt 's . lorraine walk in the front door and through a house bustling with grim energy . but , everything be strangely silent . in the kitchen : 12 - year-old Sarah stand at the door to the basement ery . a policewoman be take jon and ricky upstairs to put they to bed . lorraine glance at the boy , put we sense she be not worried about they . Sarah run up to lorraine and try to explain what happen , but Sarah 's mouth work silently . all we hear be the blood rushing in lorraine 's ear . lorraine push Sarah aside and go down the stair . : in the basement : emt 's huddle around a tiny body sprawle on the unfinish concrete floor . Jennifer . Dead . her walker lie on its side a few foot away like a wreck roadster . lorraine ignore the sympathetic face as she bend down to pick Jennifer up . someone 's hand reach to stop she , but then withdraw . sarah' Pov at the top of the stair : Sarah watch as lorraine carry Jennifer 's body up the stair . the baby 's gerber pajamas be unmark by blood . lorraine 's arm automatically support Jennifer 's break neck . the baby could be sleep .-. 39 . lorraine look up at Sarah . the sorrow in lorraine 's eye be more devastating than any anger could ever be . flash CUT to : int . morrisey house - jennifer' bedroom - the present the sorrowful look be still there in lorraine 's eye . twelve year have barely soften the pain . . now anger have join in the fray . cuut to : int . russell house - sarah' bedroom - the present Sarah wake up with a start , as if remember the same horrible night ... or perhaps even sense lorraine 's anguish . sweat have matte she hair to she forehead and she eye be like saucer . cur to : int . carroll house - kitchen buddy and Ray sit at the breakfast table . they sip coffee and eat cinnamon rolis out of a cheap plastic bakery package . Ray be read bodyworks , a trade magazine for '' automotive craftsman " . he can not stop chuckling at something he 's read . buddy ( give in ) okay . what ? Ray look at he with a villainous grin . ray you be not gonna believe this . ( beat ) it say here they do a survey of a hunnert attractive young female in Los angeleeze , Dallas and Chicago , ask them what profession they ideal man would hafta be . guess what they say ? buddy ( patient ) Doctor ? {no from Ray ) lawyer ? ( no again ) candlestick maker ? 40 . ray ( cool ) auto-motive mechanic . buddy eye he father suspiciously . ray ( cont : } no , really . they figure they be gonna get in enough fender bender throughout they life ... it must be worth it . a knock sound on the back door . buddy jump up to let Sarah in . she 's a vision . even ina white t-shirt and jeans she 's better than anything the carroll have see in the neighborhood for a long time . sarah {to Ray ) hi Mr. Carroll . it 's be a long time . she shake he hand and he point to the table . ray how ' bout a cinn 'mun roll Sarah ? sarah no thanks . ray sweet enough already , eh ? sarah roll she eye , but still blushes . buddy can not believe he father actually say that . Ray laugh , pleased that he achieve the desire result on both count . ray what can we do for ya ? sarah well , buddy be go to fix a little scrape on my car . Ray catch buddy 's eye long enough to raise a eyebrow speculatively . buddy smile but ignore he as he lead sarah outside . curt to : 4l. int . the morrisey house - live room still dress in she robe , lorraine dig around in the small polished liquor cabinet . she come up with a extremely dusty bottle of whiskey . she take 4 drink and make a face . she 's not much of a drinker . but there be something pbuild in lorraine and she 's get to let it out . she reach into the hall closet and pull out ... a baseball bat . : with a sense of determination , she walk down the hall . int . jennifer' bedroom frustration and anger pulse under she temple as she raise the bat high to destroy the cradle . it waver there for a moment . but , the cradle look as defenseless as the child it be design to hold . she can not . she almost seem to be calming down until ... a flash of color outside the window catch she eye . cuT to : ext . STREET in front of morrisey be - lunchtime Howard pull into the driveway to a bizarre sight : a overweight woman in a navy pantsuit be stand by the front door . her hand flutter to she mouth and then back to she side as she try to decide what to do . Howard turn to look where she 's look ... with she hair fly loose and she robe whipping in the wind , a wild - look lorraine be pounding the rosebush to 4 fragrant pulp with the baseball bat . she mutter under she breath as she swing with methodical care , first leave then right then leave ... Howard get out of the car . woman Howard , I do not do anything . I just -- howard it 's okay , gladys . gladys -- come to pick up the chest I order . my niece 's graduation party be tomorrow . 42 . she edge toward the workshop 's screen door as Howard edge toward lorraine . on lorraine : her mutter voice be barely audible as she swat half - heartedly at the break stem . she 's like a wind - up toy near the end of its run . howard ( softly ) honey ? lorraine ? she look up suddenly and see Howard . she smile sweetly --- like a child and hold up one finger in a '' just a minute " gesture . lorraine almost do . howard ( smile too ) honey , I '11 finish that later . let 's go inside . he slowly reach out , take the baseball bat from she hand and start to lead she to the house . howard ( cont . ) we be go to plant something new there . how about some tulip ? lorraine tulip . mum . ( laugh ) mum the word . gladys step out of the workshop , hold the finish box . she peek under the protective brown paper as she walk rather quickly to the car . gladys I leave the check on the desk . ( uncomfortable ) thank you lorraine . it look just lovely . now stand on the stoop arm - in - arm , Howard and lorraine almost look like a normal norman rockwell couple . lorraine look after gladys strangely , even manage a wave . 43. lorraine ( to Howard ) she take the box ? Howard nod as he try to lead lorraine inside . there be a small crowd of curious neighbor watch from a discreet distance . int . morrisey house Howard quickly pull the door shut behind they . lorraine look jnto Howard 's eye intently . lorraine ( cont . ) she say she just want a box . but , I think she want more ..- Howard 's hand hold torraine 's arm with a firm but gentle grip . howard torraine , you get like this every year on she birthday . lorraine yank herself out of Howard 's grip with a sudden violence . his eye betray how much she rejection hurt pefore he can hide it , but he voice be full of patience . howard qcont. , gently ) you have just get to hold it together . lorraine _.. 1 think she want to take everything else , too . howard ( confuse ) who ? lorraine look across the street . lorraine the Russell girl . cur to : int . buddy truck - moving shot - afternoon buddy be drive Sarah home in he truck . she look around in wonder at the rural beauty . sarah 1 do not know what 's get into I . I be up at 7 am this morning . I would ( more ) 44 , sarah ( cont . } never do that in the city unless I absolutely have to . . buddy gesture expansively to the open field . buddy well , you need a lot of time to observe all this '' nothing " . Sarah 's head be propped on she arm as she lean out the window . sarah all I have be time . buddy consider this statement , then suddenly pull onto a quiet dirt road . ext . dirt road - aerial shot buddy 's pick - up leave a high plume of dust as it rocket toward the deep forest separate from the road by cultivate field . ext . shady NOOK - afternoon huge oak shade this idyllic spot . a slow - move but incredibly clear river sparkles in the afternoon sun . the stuff of dream . sarah oh , buddy ... it 's like a coor commercial . buddy spread he arm wide and breathes in a deep , exaggerated breath . buddy ( announcer 's voice ) God 's country . buddy pull fishing pole and bait out of the back of the pick -up . like line dance , Sarah automatically resist . sarah ( laugh ) oh , buddy , no . I have not do this since I be like ... seven ? buddy expertly bait a hook and hand the rod to she then go to work on he own . sarah ( cont . ) when I say all I have be time , I do not mean ... 45 . buddy ( a veile challenge ) what do you mean , Sarah ? Sarah look at the pole , try to remember how to cast . she smile suddenly as she accept the challenge . sarah okay ... sure . ngain confidence ) I just ... do this ... thingie ... Sarah hold she thumb down on the reel release as she pull the rod back ..- sarah ... and then let ‘er rip ! Sarah 's gusto take she bait all the way across the river . it get stick in some rock on the other side . buddy start laughing . montage of buddy and sarah fishing : - buddy stand behind sarah and guide she arm , try to get she cast under control . - buddy demonstrate a perfect catch as he reel in a wiggling trout . - Sarah laugh as she line get stick and buddy fall in try to release it . - Sarah casually glance at buddy , who be lie on a rock in the sun try to dry out he wet clothes . he look good . - now they be both lie on rock , eye close as they soak up the sun . . sarah buddy , how do you know to bring I here ? buddy well Sarah , you always be the last person to know what 's good for you . the stream gurgle on , unaware of the force of nature draw buddy and Sarah closer even as they lie , not touch , eye still close , on they respective rock . cur to : int . morrisey house - bathroom 46 . lorraine sit on the edge of the tub . she 's cover with leave , bramble and tiny cut from the thorns on the rosebush . Howard kneel in front of she , wash she off with a washcloth . he gently apply antiseptic to she cut and put bandage on . lorraine 's eye slowly regain focus . she 's back among the live . Howard look up as if sense this . howard you okay ? lorraine nod , but then start cry . lorraine I be sorry . how do you -~- why do you ... ( long hesitation ) stay ? Howard just pull lorraine into a hug . she hang on like a drown woman as the sob gradually lessen . int . buddy pickup ~ moving shot - later buddy and Sarah be head back to town . buddy 's hair be still damp from he accidental swin . sarah ( laugh ) I do not know if I really believe there be any fish in silo Creek . buddy so you be say I plant the two rainbow trout I catch ? sarah you just have more of a affinity with the local wildlife . they sense you be a townie . buddy look at Sarah . a '' townie '' be not what buddy want to be . buddy yeah , I guess I be . sarah ( realize ) oh , buddy . I be sorry . I be a dork . I talk ... then I think . it 's a medical condition . I ~ buddy you gotta call ‘em like you see ‘em . there be a hint of bitterness in he voice , but he smile to show she he be not mad . sarah ' ( hesitantly ) what about you plan for college ? you be gonna go to U of 1 , right ? buddy ( evasive ) yeah , engineering . but , I do not go . sarah do not you try j.c. for a couple semester ? ' buddy ( ironic ) - yeah . Real exciting . buddy be not elaborate and Sarah decide not to push . oo : as they pass the park , Sarah notice Daniel play basketball with friend . she also notice a young woman with a toddler watch . sarah ( excitedly ) can you drop I off here ? ( glance in side mirror ) do I look like a complete goober ? buddy pull over . buddy ( look at she ) you nose be sunburn and the effect be charming . Sarah smile at he word and turn to he before climb out . sarah so you 'il call I when it 's do ? buddy I will call you sooner if I can come ~~ up with a good excuse . she close the door behind she and speak through the open window . sarah well , we have sugar if you need a cup , my dad and I host a mean game of scrabble ... ( she glance at the basketball game ) and I be sure Daniel would love to catch up . buddy catch she meaning , but choose to ignore it . buddy on second think , I will call you when it 's do . he drive off with a wave . ext . park - bleacher Daniel wave to Sarah as she approach , but can not take he eye off the game for long . the young woman , susan , stand up when she see Sarah , obviously not believe she eye . susan Sarah ?! . Susan run to greet Sarah . her two - year- old toddler , dylan , follow she , catch up in he mother 's excitement . ext . park - concession stand Dylan suck all the juice out of a-rainbow - color snow cone then hand it to he mother . he run off to play on the brightly - color jungle gym . Susan and Sarah sit on a bench eat snow cone . susan so if I take at least sixteen credit a semester -- yeah , right -- I can graduate next spring . then there 's rn certification , a placement program ... sarah ( amaze ) how do you ... do it ? susan ( more } do not ask . I mean , Jeff have be great . but just be glad you be smart enough 49 . susan ( cont . ) to do it the right way . my mom tell I about Harvard Med . that 's great . Sarah 's mouth tighten in a brief flash of anger . she look away quickly . sarah I guess news travel fast . susan you be not in Chicago anymore , dorothy . sarah so you really think I be the smart one ? susan be you kid ? you be work towards you goal , no distraction , a career to die for ... at that moment , Dylan come barrel toward they and jump into Susan 's arm . Susan try to get he to say '' hello '' to Sarah , but he burrow he head into she shoulder shyly . susan ( cont . ) ... while I take two step forward and the tiger here pull I three step back . ( Dylan growl like a tiger ) just imagine if you have kid ! Sarah look at Dylan for a moment , imagine just that . his freckle and crooked smile only add to the angelic appearance . cur to : int . russell house - front door - evening a loud knocking go on and on . Sarah answer the door . Howard morrisey stand there , exude righteous anger . howard I need to speak to you . int . russell house - den Sarah lead Howard into the de , reassure she parent that everything be fine and close the door on they curious look . howard have you be talk to my wife ? 50 . sarah ( hesitant ) I have talk to she about a chest , yeah . howard do you really think that 's wise ? sarah pause , mentally measure she word before speak . sarah I certainly never mean -- I do not mean to cause any ... harm . howard unfortunately , you in my wife 's life ... be cause harm . Sarah be visibly upset . Howard do not want to make she feel worse , but he 's get to get he point across . howard ( cont. } Sarah ... it be a accident and you have be able to put it behind you . Sarah 's eye widen in disbelief at this statement . Howard do not notice . howard ( cont . ) but , lorraine can not forget it and see you do not help . we have to live with it every day . in order for we to do that , I have to ask you to stay away from lorraine while you be home . sarah what if I be home for good ? howard it do not matter . ( quietly ) please just let she be . he do not wait for she answer or for she to show he out . cur to : int , morrisey kitchen - night lorraine finish drying the dinner dish . she place they in they carefully designate place in the cupboard . she turn to the kitchen , need something else to do ... but she home be in perfect order . there 's nothing else she can do . Howard walk in . he want to touch she . to hug she . to soothe she . howard - ( quiet ) no one 's go to bother you anymore . but , he just leave . lorraine watch he go and slowly drop into one of the kitchen chair , lowering she head inte she hand . cuut to : ext , russell back porch - night Sarah sit in a lawn chair on the screen - in back porch , stare through the star . Daniel come outside and sit on the step beside she . he hold a wick - look lawn dart with plastic wing . 50 's era family fun . daniel wanna play night jart ? Sarah come back to Earth and smile . sarah the most dangerous game in ten state ? I will pass . daniel wanna tell I what you be do with buddy ? Sarah turn to look at Daniel . sarah that be a shitty segue . why do not you tell I what you be do with buddy ? daniel that 's between he and I . sarah but , you two use to be inseparable . ( sigh ) he be you best friend . 52 . Daniel be uncomfortable and do not want to talk about it . daniel yeah , well , you be my only sister and I have no fuck clue what 's go on with you . Sarah laugh and glance back inside to make sure she parent be not listen . . sarar watch you language . ( beat ) what do you want to know ? daniel what you be do here . really . he look at she closely when she do not answer . daniel ( cont . ) X do not think you come back to fulfill buddy Carroll 's high school wet dream . ( beat ) and , the folk and I be very curious what Howard morrisey have to say to you . Sarah nod she head as he plan become clear . sarah of course . send the sweet - face one to get the dirt . daniel no . you be just ... act really weird . Sarah stand up and head back inside . sarah I do not know what the big deal be . I ask Mrs. morrisey to make I something . she say '' no " . that 's all there be to it . she slam the screen door behind she . match CUT to : 53 . a knock echoe as we see a door open and bright sunlight silhouett a figure . int . russell house - front door - day sarah be astound to see lorraine morrisey stand outside . lorraine alright . let 's go . sarah you ... cross the street ? lorraine look around she as if realize for the first time . _ lorraine to get to the other side . yeah . lorraine smile faintly . cuT to : ext . stanton - MAIN STREET - day sarah park Daniel 's escort at a meter on the main thoroughfare . int . escort Sarah turn the car off and look at lorraine , who be grip the passenger seat as if it 's she new best friend . lorraine I may have be a bit hasty . lorraine watch the people pass on the sidewalk as if eyeing shark at a exhibit . she turn back to Sarah , emanate fear and potential panic . lorraine ( cont . ) I do not think I can do this . sarah ( shrug ) whatever . Sarah get out and stand there wait . now people seem to stare at lorraine even more . finally , lorraine open she car door . cur to : 54 . ext . stanton - MAIN STREET sidewalk lorraine and sarah walk down the sidewalk . Sarah casually windowshop . lorraine resolutely stare straight ahead as if take a sobriety test , struggle to stay oblivious to the curious stare of pass people . as lorraine continue on , we see .-. - — a older woman in a clothing store jump out of she chair and craning she head for a better look . - a young boy walk with he mother , try to figure out what 's so unusual about lorraine that everyone be stare at . - the two racewalk woman approach from the other direction and be so startle , they almost run into lorraine . as lorraine and Sarah disappear into " malloy 's antique " , woman 1 bend to woman 2 's ear . woman 1 what on earth ? have not she cause that woman enough grief ? woman 2 I tell you ... trouble . int . malloy be - day this dusty old shop be full of pile of junk , which the ancient and clueless owner , irv malloy , will insist be all '' gen -u- ine coll - ectible " . he sit up from he rickety chair as lorraine and Sarah enter the shop . his cigarette fall from he lip into the newspaper he be read and start to smolder . lorraine take a deep breath of air and seem comfort by the antique surround she . she notice irv 's smoking paper and smile . lorraine irv , you really think you should be start a fire in a shop full of hundred year old wood ? irv throw the paper to the floor and stamp on it . irv ( under he breath ) well I '11 be damned . 55 . lorraine nod a greeting which irv return in a typically non - verbal midwestern fashion . Sarah pull lorraine over to a box similar to the one she see in the book . lorraine inspect it carefully before give she whisper approval . lorraine . you have get a good eye . I think it 's rumanian . great line . solid . . she eye the carve and paint design on the wooden lid . the color have all fade , but the fine craftsmanship be self -evident . lorraine eye irv out of the corner of she eye . lorraine irv will never know what he 's get ... unless I try to buy this . Sarah think for a moment then smile . sarah {loudly ) well I do not care what you think . I be gonna buy it anyway . lorraine stare at Sarah for a moment before catch on and raise she voice so irv can hear . lorraine it 's you money . but do not expect I to restore it . I have gotta have some - thing to work with . lorraine point to the box 's supposedly shoddy workmanship . lorraine ( cont . ) I can not perform miracle . Sarah grab the box protectively and walk up to irv. sarah ( defiantly ) then I '11 leave it just the way it be . cur to : int . lorraine's workshop lorraine and Sarah walk in the screen door . Sarah can not suppress a satisfied smile as she set the box down gently . 56 . sarah thirty buck . lorraine walk around the box , eyeing it from all angle . her mind be already racing . lorraine yeah ... I can do this . Sarah take a seat on a old rocker and rock excitedly . sarae can I watch ? lorraine stare at Sarah for a long moment . . lorraine well , that 's not really how I work . sarah oh please . I would really like to learn how to do it . sarah be push lorraine 's limit . lorraine Sarah , I be do this . ( beat ) why do not we just let it go at that . lorraine voice be gentle but firm . it brook no argument . Sarah nod slowly . the exertion of the day be start to show in she face . sarah I be sorry . you be right . Sarah stand to go and almost fall over . lorraine reach out to steady she . lorraine you okay ? sarah ( nodd ) I get too much sun yesterday . and the rocker ... Sarah trail off . lorraine smile curiously -- since when have three minute on a rocker ever make anyone dizzy ? lorraine yeah , it rock . they be funny that way . 57 . as sarah head for the screen door , lorraine relent . lorraine look , Sarah ... the door 's usually open if you want to , you know , check on my progress . sarah maybe I will do that . ~ and then Sarah 's go . cuut to : int . sarah' bedroom sarah be sick in bed . gayle stand over she , look at a thermometer . gayle you have stump I , Sarah . you have get a fever but no flu symptom . gayle be a bit unnerve by illness of any kind , but she smile brightly to hide she discomfort . gayle ( cont . ) I be just go in for a half day . I will be back by one . ( beat ) you will be okay ? Sarah look like hell . she nod wearily , but stop she mother before she can leave the room sarah Mom ? gayle yeah ? sarah do you tell everyone about Harvard ? gayle look at Sarah strangely , sense she 's not happy about it . gayle well , just , you know ... Bill and connie and ... gladys -- ( beat ) be there some reason I should not ? o~ ul a sarah pull herself up to 4 sit position . sarah I be not sure what I want to do , but I need to know I can talk to you about it without word ... spread . gayle honey , I be sorry . I do not understand why it bother you , but if that 's what you want ... sarah slowly sink back down to the pillow as gayle leave . cur to : int . sarah' apartment in chicago ~- day carla answer the ringing phone . her face fall as she listen . carla Dr. Gordon , I be not gonna tell you this again . she 's not here and I do not know where she be . intercut with : int , chicago memorial hospital - hallway - day Dr. Gordon be look at the result of Sarah 's test . DR. gordon look , this be serious . she leave the hospital without my knowledge . on carla : carla well if she 's mobile , she can not be too sick . on dr . gordon : dr . gordon she have leukemia , Ms. Spalding . if she do not get treatment , she 's not go to be mobile for long ... or breathe for that matter . on carla : Dr. Gordon be start to get through even carla 's attitude . 59 . carla this be not scare tactic , be they ? ( beat ) I will make some call . on dr . gordon : he sense this be the most he 's . go to get from this tough cookie . . dr . gordon thank you . CUT to : ext . auto shop buddy be work up a sweat as he paint Sarah 's car . he step back and eye it critically , then remove the protective breathe gear from he face . it 's get there . cuut to : int . morrisey house - day lorraine have finish the prep work on Sarah 's box . she begin the general bodywork by sand the rough edge . CUT to : int . drug store drown in too-big sweat , a very pale Sarah eye the shelf of over - the-counter medication . she sneak a glance at the pharmacist doling out prescription . : finally , she grab a bottie of aleve , pay for it and leave . ext . drug store Daniel be wait outside for she in he idling escort . she climb in . int . escort - moving shot Daniel look worriedly at Sarah . . daniel be this something I be go to catch ? Sarah look out the window . 60 . sarah not unless you be curse by god. sarah be speak literally , but she tone be light -heart . daniel oh , it 's the curse ? ( look at she again ) shit . I be glad I be a guy . cuT to : int . lorraine's workshop —- night it 's late , but lorraine be still work . she use a rag to rub oil into the century - old wood of the box , which be start to take on a gorgeous sheen . she glance out the screen door to the Russell house . cur to : int . sarah' bedroom - night Sarah 's face be as white as she sheet . she take two more of the powerful pain reliever and bury herself under she cover . a soft knock be hear on she door and then she mother 's voice . gayle ( 0.c . ) you need anything honey ? sarah ( barely audible ) no. but , Sarah 's haunt eye tell a different story . CUT to : int . lorraine's workshop - morning lorraine be just beginning to restore the paint design on the lid of the box . carry book bag , jon and Rick race through the kitchen as they head for the front door . jon / rick bye mom . porraine look up and smile , perhaps a bit more animated than usual . lorraine Goodbye . " woward walk in from the kitchen , dress for work and carry he coffee . lorraine ( good-nature ) keep that coffee cup a safe distance away - Howard set the cup on lorraine 's desk . howard do not worry . I have be train by the best . lorraine coaster ? Howard laugh and reach over to place the coffee cup on a coaster . howard you have paint on you nose . lorraine pause to wipe it , spread more pale green paint on she nose and even get a smear on she cheek . lorraine how 's that ? howard good . you be start to look like the wick witch of the West . lorraine look at Howard for a moment , wonder if that 's a veile comment on she attitude . but , he smile be innocent enough . he take a rag and very carefully wipe the paint off she face . they be very close and we see a brief hint of the chemistry that bring this two together . lorraine step back awkwardly and the spell be break . lorraine ( take rag ) thank you . Howard stare at the new box as he retrieve he coffee and sip . howard who 's this one for ? 62 . lorraine Sarah Russell . Howard look at she and narrow he eyebrow . howard . do you realize that 's the first time tive hear you call she " Sarah " in twelve year ? : lorraine well , it be the girl 's name . howard I think ... you do not want to have anything to do with she . lorraine I never say that . howard but -- Howard hesitates , but then let it go . he do not really want to say " you say it after you demolish the rise bush " . he glance at he watch . howard -- you be right and I be late . he give she a peck on the cheek and head out . cur to : int . sarah' bedroom - morning Sarah lie in bed read a thick sheaf of form print on Harvard letterhead . physically , she look better than yesterday , but that be not say much . most of the form 's question be standard information , but one essay question catch she eye : '' why do you want to become a doctor ? " cur to : int . morrisey house - basement - flashback 12 - year-old Sarah appear at the top of the basement stair and see Jennifer 's twisted body lie on the floor . 63 . she 's almost hyperventilate as she race down the stair and kneel down next to the tiny body . but , there 's nothing she can do . cpr will not help . a tourniquet will not help . she 's go . cur to : int . sarah' bedroom sarah will never forget the moment of frustrated helplessness that establish the course of she career . - but , she be not about to relate that story in answer to the essay question . she run she hand through she hair as if try to push the memory out of she head . but , she can not . the phone ring and a moment later , gayle stick she head in the door . gayle phone for you . ( whisper ) it 's buddy . sarah pull herself together and put on a happy face for she mother . sarah ( whisper ) thank you . why be you whisper ? gayle no idea . you feel better ? Sarah nod as she pick up the phone and gayle discreetly retreat . sarah hello ? , buddy ( filter ) hey . what be you do later ? sarah I sense a load question . sarah 's voice be deliberately casual . sarah ( cont . ) I be either gonna fly to Paris for lunch on the seine or stay in bed all day . I can not quite decide . buddy ( filter ) great . I will pick you up at 5 . click . he 's go . cut to : int . lorraine's workshop - afternoon br knocking be hear at the screen door . lorraine look up to see Sarah stand there . lorraine hi. come on in . Sarah enter , look a bit worse for wear , but smile brightly to cover it . sarah I be just on my way .-- ( stop short ) nowhere so I think I would drop by . Sarah admire the work lorraine have already do on the box . lorraine Sarah . I tell you to come by any time you want . sarah I think maybe you be just be polite . lorraine well I think it 's be a while since anyone have interprete my behavior as '' polite '' . Sarah start walk around the workshop as lorraine continue . lorraine 's voice imply she do not care what people think , but Sarah can not help but wonder . lorraine ( cont . ) I be sure most of the term people use around town be decidedly not polite . unwill to comment , Sarah examine a old quilt hang on a quilt-rack . the beautiful antique be compose of thousand of tiny triangle of every sort of material , none larger than a paper clip . 65 . sarah do you make this ? lorraine no . my great-great-great grandmother start that in 1855 . everything be hand-stitch . close on the quilt : intricate curlique decorate the seam . the amount of work put into it be staggeringly obvious . it 's truly a work of art . sarah ( disbely ) yeah right . would not it .-- fall apart or something ? lorraine apparently not . I still use it . it go to the 1904 World 's Fair in St. Louis and would have take the top prize if my idiot aunt moria have not machine stitched the border . sarah : you should not talk about she like that . lorraine why not ? just because she be bear a hundred year ago do not mean . she have the wisdom of the age . ( beat ) everyone make mistake . Sarah look up quickly at that ... ' be it direct towards she ? lorraine 's face betray nothing . sarah would you ever consider sell it ? lorraine impossible . it 's be pass down ' through the woman in my family for five generation -- lorraine stop abruptly as she realize that she have no daughter to pass it on to . Sarah realize at the same time . sarah I be sorry . I be gonna go . I mean , I have get to go ... something to go to . maybe tomorrow , I can help ... 66 . lorraine maybe . cuT to : ext . musical amphitheater - dusk buddy and Sarah sit on a blanket as the small town orchestra warm up before play they program of classical music . Firefly provide mood lighting as the sun prepare to set . it 's a gorgeous evening on the brink of summer . buddy unpack a picnic hamper : wine , cheese , bread , fruit . Sarah can not suppress a smile as she watch buddy 's effort . the goal be definitely to impress Sarah . buddy grant it be not lunch on the seine ... sarah it 's tré continental . ( notice something ) I can not believe they carry paté at the stanton iga . buddy I have to go to alton for that . buddy try to uncork the wine , but only manage to break the cork halfway , sealing the wine in the bottle forever . buddy ten point for try . he pull two cold beer out of the ' hamper . Sarah laugh as he hand she one . sarah so ... what be it that be so important ? why be I meeting you here ? buddy to celebrate . sarah to celebraaate ... what ? buddy pause to think . € 7 . ~~ buddy Memorial day. ( decisively ) yep . Monday 's Memorial day. sarah ( nodd ) definite cause for celebration . buddy - okay ... how about you triumphant return ? : he raise he beer to toast she . sarah ( ironic , to herself ) you be closer with Memorial Day . buddy what ? sarah I say ... salud ! '' ~ she clink bottle with he . later ...- the orchestra play surprisingly well . in a small town , there 's plenty of time to practice . a lilt brahm 's melody be put everyone in the mood . buddy reach over tentatively and take Sarah 's hand . he pull she closer and kiss she softly . electricity be in the air . Sarah have to make a real effort to retain she composure . sarah ( smile ) you have create a situation that 4s simultaneously very cheesy and ineredibly romantic . ( beat ) how do you do that ? buddy ( shrug ) you inspire I to push the boundary of the imagination . sarah oo I do , huh ? buddy oh yeah . in fact , if you know how | long I have be imagine a scenario like this ... Sarah laugh as she return he very direct gaze . sarah well , I do not know if I have ever inspire anyone bef - - " buddy cut she off with a kiss both passionate and sweet . ' nough talk . int , lorraine's workshop - day Sarah sit next to a wooden chair , diligently sand one leg . lorraine have give she a practice piece , but she may be regret the impulse . she look over at Sarah and sigh . lorraine Sarah , you be make a gallant effort , but ... sarah but what ? sarah 's enthusiasm make it difficult to criticize . lorraine lemme see that . sarah grin as she step 's back to let lorraine see the chair . they both realize that the leg she have be sand be now much skinnier than the other . Sarah be humiliate but lorraine smile encouragingly . . lorraine you have get the right idea . just do not think about it so much . Sarah furrow she brow , not quite get it . lorraine ( cont . ) sanding be like sex . it 's all in the rhythm . 69 . sarah gee . that be two world I never think would collide . lorraine smile . Sarah stand up , hold the small of she back . lorraine you be pretty young to have a bad back . : sarah smile and try to cover the very real pain . sarah { Light ) this be what a desk job do to you . Sarah go to the closet where lorraine keep supplies for a fresh piece of sandpaper . Inside , she find the cradle hide under a pile of old blanket and bend down to examine it . sarah hey , what 's -- be this the famous cradle that start the business ? lorraine notice and the mood darken . . lorraine just let that be . lorraine 's voice be sharper than she intend it to be . Sarah stand , unsure what she do wrong . sarah I '' - I be sorry . lorraine do not say anything , but Sarah notice that she hand be shaking . Sarah look closely at the cradle and remember whose it be . : sarah ( gently ) you really should not let that sit unused . lorraine why ? you plan on have a baby ? sarah ( wince ) no. I be not go to have any . lorraine eye Sarah strangely , perhaps pick up on something in she voice that everyone else have be ignore . but , she building anger be overwhelming she concern . lorraine you be awfully young to be make a statement like that . lorraine go back to the detailed painting , but she hand be still shaking . she mess up . lorraine godammit ! look at that . sarah grab the paint thin . she dab some on the end of what look like a long q-tip . sarah here . sarah hold the swab out to lorraine . but , lorraine 's shaking have increase . Sarah look at she , guess what 's really wrong , but unable to fix it . slowly , lorraine lower she face into she hand and sob . after several moment , lorraine look up at Sarah and examine she face , look deep into she eye . lorraine ( finally ) what be you do here Sarah ? sarah I ... you be make I -- she gesture to the box -- the self - evident answer . lorraine I think I could do this . ( beat ) when you walk in that door last week , I think maybe you would finally come to apologize for what happen . ext . morrisey house Howard pull in the driveway . he get out of the car and walk in the front door . int , morrisey house - kitchen Howard walk in and hear lorraine 's voice raise in the workshop . 71 . int . lorraine be workshop lorraine have take the swab and dab at the mistake , struggle to remain calm . it 's a lose battle . lorraine . but , you be just make it worse . Sarah 's voice struggle to stay even . sarah I be sorry . lorraine angrily throw the swab to the ground . _ lorraine ( voice crack ) be that suppose to help ? why do not you just -- why be not you there ? why do not you stop she ? her neck be ... break . no one that little should hurt like that . she be a baby . you have to watch they . Sarah 's cool facade show sign of erack . sarah I do . I try . lorraine ( overlap ) we leave you in charge . you be responsible ! sarah ( a whisper ) I be sorry . . lorraine sorry ? you keep say that like it mean something . that do not change -- a harsh voice of reason interrupt lorraine 's hysterics . howard ( 0.c. ) ( interrupt ) lorraine , stop it . startle , lorraine and Sarah look up to see Howard , who have enter unnotice . lorraine ( a plea ) but , she 's get to tell I why . 72 . howard , no lorraine . lorraine if I just understand why -- howard ( interrupt ) what ? it would all be okay ? you would be a whole person ? we would be a normal , family again ? Howard rip he coat off and throw it over a chair . there be a rs ember of frustration that 's be smolder in Howard for year . now it 's ignite . howard ( cont. } you know , lorraine , for twelve year , every look you give I say '' why do not you fix the latch on the , basement door like you promise you : would ? " . ( beat ) ao every look you give the boy say '' why do you fight and distract Sarah ? " this information be a revelation to lorraine . lorraine no . I never ... howard do not you think I have be hurt ? or the boy ? we miss she every day . ( beat ) there be no answer for you '' why " 's lorraine . bad thing happen to good people . all the time . it 's no one 's fault . Howard be get through to lorraine . for once , she 's able to put she own sorrow aside and see another point- of-view . lorraine I hurt the boy ? howard o~ yeah . they use to have a mother . they really like she too . the screen door , catch by the wind , slam behind Sarah , who have leave unnotice . howard : ( quietly ) everyone use to like she . after a moment , Howard run out after Sarah . ext . morrisey house ~ front yard sarah be run across the street towards she house . Howard yell after she . . howard Sarah ! wait ! garah do not slow and Howard run after she . ext . russell house ~ front yard Howard reach Sarah and stop she from enter she house . when ~~ she turn , he see that the dam have finally burst and she can not stop cry . sarah I do not go back over ! she come to my door . and I be -- she be so happy that she come across the street . I do not ask she -- I never mean ..- sarah sob uncontrollably . Howard hug she to he and try to comfort she . . howard oh God , Sarah . I be not gonna yell at you . I know it 's not you fault . sarah ( muffle , into he shirt ) but , it be . I have proof . he hold she face so she can see how serious he be . howard none of it be you fault . okay ? Howard be not satisfied until sarah meet he eye and nod almost imperceptibly . 74 . Howard suddenly realize the intimacy of they situation there on the front yard . he draw he hand back and laugh self - consciously - howard she actually walk across the street ? sarah 's breath hitches in she throat as she struggle to regain she usually - impregnable composure . sarah ( nodd ) we go downtown too . Howard 's face fill with amazement . howard she do not say a word to I . sarah t think she 's still get she ... sea leg . Howard turn to walk back to he house , but get in one last parting shot . howard well , if that 's the fault of anyone we know ... tell she " thank you " . CUT to : int . russell house - basement - night it look like the cover of a 1970' - era milton Bradley game . phil , gayle , Daniel and Sarah sit at a rumpus room card table play scrabble . Sarah take she turn . . she 's have a hell of a day , feel like shit and be not really concentrate . . phil Sarah , be you lose you edge ? you have never leave I a triple word score in you life . phil start to place tile when buddy appear at the door and walk halfway down the stair . buddy hi. sorry to interrupt . I knock on the door , but ... 75 . everyone greet buddy . though obviously not prepare to deal with this , Sarah get up and follow buddy out . ext . russell house - front yard - night Sarah 's car gleam like a newly - mint dime in the harsh glare of the street lamp . she walk all around it in wonder . she point to another place on she car . : sarah you fix the -- buddy it be no problem . I mean I be just work away and figure I would do it right . sarah uh-huh . buddy can not help but notice sarah 's fatigue . buddy hey , be you okay ? Sarah look at buddy 'and know then and there ... he love she and it 's a impossible situation . sarah of course . she hand he a check with a polite little smile . sarah thank you , Henry . buddy hesitates , unsure why she seem to be give he the brush - off . sarah ( cold ) I be sorry , do you need that in cash ? buddy no , this be fine . ( beat ) why do I suddenly want you to call I buddy again ? Sarah shrug . her cold shoulder be hard to miss , but buddy try anyway . , 76 . buddy I be gonna see if you want to -- sarah ( interrupt ) t do not think we can do this . ( beat ) I be see someone in the city . we will probably be engage by Christmas . I just do not want to ... mess anything up , you know ? buddy be floor . it take a moment for he to take it all in . buddy I see . so somewhere along the line , I go from be a " romantic " to be a '' mess '' . and you just remember this '' someone '' now ? sarah buddy ... you and I have a couple beer together . that 's it . buddy yeah , sure . I be just -- buddy do not know what he be just -- angry and frustrated , he turn to leave and remember that he drive Sarah 's car over . he be obviously go to ask she for a ride home . buddy you be right . I guess I let my imagination get the best of I . ( angry ) or maybe I just imagine what 's best in you . as buddy walk down the street head for home , he miss the look on Sarah 's face . the look that say '' come back " . cur to : int , morrisey house - workshop her hair still wet from a shower , lorraine watch they from she screen door . she see Sarah 's look and recognize it . it 's the look she 's be hide from she own husband for twelve year as she 's push he farther and farther away . some people have soap opera ; lorraine have Sarah and buddy . 77 . as lorraine turn from the window , she just catch the tail end of a conversation in the kitchen . jon ( 0.c. ) sectional tomorrow , dad . we be play roxana at 4:00 . howard ( 0.c . ) they still get harding ? jon ( 0.c. ) Nah . he graduate , but they new shortstop 's a demon . howard ( 0.c. ) I will get there as soon as I can . try to save the major ass -kick for the later inning . lorraine smile and she can almost hear jon smile as he reply . jon ( 0.c. ) sorry . I kick ass at will . G ‘night . jon 's face appear in the doorway . he speak tentatively , unsure of she mood . he obviously know better than to invite she to the game . . jon night , mom . lorraine goodnight . lorraine sit back down to work . Sarah 's box be almost do . after a moment , Howard appear at the door , watch she work . howard ( softly ) hi. I be go to bed . Howard walk over to kiss she goodnight . lorraine hesitates , then turn the chaste kiss into a real one . Howard breathes in the scent of she freshly - wash hair and be surprised to find himself arouse . lorraine rinse she paintbrush . lorraine I will go with you . Howard be a bit stunne to say the least . he gesture to the box . howard be you do with that ? lorraine for now . unless you want to stand here , hold hand and watch the paint dry . Howard stare at he wife as if he do not quite recognize she . slowly and very deliberately , she take he face in she hand and kiss he thoroughly . he tentatively touch she back , trail he finger along she jawline as he kiss she . they be like teenager discover the magic of sexual attraction for the first time . she lead he inside the house and down the hall to they bedroom . int . morrisey house - master bedroom the bed be pleasantly rumple . Howard lie back and pulis lorraine to he tightly . she fit perfectly in the crook of he arm . howard God , you feel good . I can not remember - ~ he stop himself abruptly . lorraine go ahead , say it . the last time we make love . howard no , I remember . I think Reagan be President . they laugh and kiss lingeringly . lorraine Howard , I know sometimes I make you crazy , but ... you know I still love you , do not you ? howard ( wick ) well , if I do not before ... Howard prop himself up on a elbow and look at he wife 's face . he run a finger down she jawline , seemingly mesmerize by she . howard ( suddenly serious ) yeah ... I guess I do . cuT to : 79 . ext . stanton high school - baseball diamond a high school paseball game be in full swing . jon play third base for the stanton bulldog . ext . high school parking lot lorraine get out of she car and follow the sound of bat cracking against ball and the roar of spectator . ext . baseball diamond - bleacher several spectator do doubletake as lorraine sit down on the bleacher . she smile at they before turn she attention to the game . angle on game : the game be heating up . there 's a runner on second as jon step up to bat for stanton . he hit a long hard fly to center . the fielder can not get to it . the runner make it home as jon be round third . the crowd be go wild . lorraine be stand and clap with the rest of they . the ball fly back into the infield and the shortstop snag it . jon be trap between third and home . he turn and seem to have every intention of return to third . the coach there clap he encouragement . but then jon fake out the shortstop , turn tail as soon as he throw to third . jon pull out all the stop and ... slide into home as the ball sail to the catcher . it 's close . but , the ump rule " safe " . the stanton team member roar they approval along with the home crowd . . but , jon be not bask in the adulation of he team . from the dirt at home base , he spot lorraine . he stand up slowly , he amaze eye lock with hers . lorraine continue to clap . jon slowly smile as he dust off he knee and give she a tiny wave of acknowledgement . she nod she head . angle on lorraine : lorraine slowly sit down , energize by the game , be outside , pleasing she son and just plain live again . voice hey lady . could you make room ? 80 . lorraine look up to see Howard smile down at she . Rick be with lorraine sorry . no room . but maybe ... lorraine pat she lap invitingly . Howard laugh as he and Rick squeeze onto the bleacher seat next to she . lorraine I be afraid there 's some bad news . Howard 's smile fade . what now ? howard what ? lorraine we son have be kick ass without you . lorraine kiss Howard lightly . he take she hand . later ...- the game be over . Howard and Rick be head down to the field to congratulate jon . they look back at lorraine expectantly . howard you come ? lorraine I need to go by the library before they close . they be hold a book on Eastern european folk Art for I . Howard raise he eyebrow . huh ? lorraine ( cont . ) I need to check the color for Sarah 's box . {beat , to Rick ) I be hope maybe you could drive I . Rick hesitates . if this be a test , he 's not sure what he 's suppose to say . he look to Howard , who shrug . rick I could do that . lorraine ( smile brightly ) great . smash CUT to : sarah throwing up violently . int . public restroom Sarah be bent over the toilet . ' when she wipe she mouth , we see a trace of blood . sarah exit the stall and wash she face at the sink . she pause to take a few deep breath before exite . int . stanton public library ~ day as Sarah walk out of the restroom , a elderly man look up from he read carrel . he obviously hear she . she catch he stare at she , but he do not look away . Sarah try to smile reassuringly , but it just do not look right on she too- pale face . close on computer screen : information on leukemia scroll up on the computerize library catalogue . Sarah write down call number on a scrap of paper . at a table : Sarah drop several book on a table . she sit down and be quickly engross . lorraine ( 0.c. ) well hello . Sarah slam the book close and cover it with she backpack as she turn to see lorraine stand behind she . sarah hello . there be a new tension here . lorraine assume it 's from they last encounter . she pull one of the book out from under the bag . lorraine what be you read ? ( read ) coping with Cancer . sarah Research . one of the essay question for my Harvard follow - up . you know ... what 's my choose area of expertise -- 82 . lorraine nod she head as Sarah stop abruptly , nervously realize she 's give more information than she need to . sarah ( cont . ) what be you do here ? Sarah be desperate to deflect attention anywhere else than on she . lorraine well , it 's research for you box . sarah start pile she book together and glance at the door . lorraine misinterprets Sarah 's nervousness a5 hostility . lorraine '' ( cont. , ool ) I be sorry . I be not aware this be you personal library . lorraine catch herself and curb she hostile response . lorraine ( cont . } Sarah , the last thing I want to do be fight with you . Sarah fidget , increasingly uncomfortable . she quickly gather up all of the book and stuff they in she backpack . sarah I think you be right all along . this be not a good idea . ( beat ) I never want to make you feel bad . I will just send Daniel over to get the box ... when it 's do . Sarah voice trail off . she zip she backpack ulose and leave before lorraine can even reply . lorraine stare after she , completely confuse . cuT to : int . willoughby be - evening it 's still too early for this place to be crowded . buddy stand up and motion Daniel over to he table . buddy hey ... thanks for come . Daniel sit down across from buddy . they eye each other awkwardly . oo daniel so , what 's up ? buddy just think we could catch up . buddy motion to the waitress . '' buddy - can we get a pitcher of Bud ? waitress can I see some id ? buddy and Daniel pull driver 's license out of they wallet . the waitress look at the id 's . as she walk away , Daniel see buddy 's old fake license in he wallet and laugh . daniel ' ah , ye olde fake license . why have not you throw this away or pass it on 1 to some deserve high schooler ? rt ' buddy ( take license ) it 's a priceless symbol of my adolescence . daniel it 's so bad . I still can not figure out how it work so well all that year . buddy how many time do I have to tell you ? use " Morton " as my first name always get I sympathy and sympathy make I less suspicious . Daniel nod wisely . daniel as if the name " buddy " do not get you enough sympathy . buddy oooh . touché. dissolve to : oo a few pitcher later . it 's apparent this guy have get drunk together many time over the year . they pour ‘em and throw ‘em back with practice ease . 84 . buddy so ... you seein 's anybody ? daniel I date this one girl , heidi , last semester , but then she join a sorority and go psycho on I . buddy nod as if he know what that mean . daniel what about you ? buddy ( casual ) nobody steady . paniel stare at buddy unflinchingly . buddy okay , fine . nobody at all . paniel burst out laughing . buddy join he . a buddy so that 's pretty exciting about Sarah . daniel buddy , you find Sarah 's right instep exciting . you be gonna have to be more specific . ( realize ) oh , you mean Harvard . buddy no ... I mean she be engage . Daniel spit out the swallow of beer he just down and cough . daniel what ... be you talk about ? buddy you do not know ? paniel be processing Sarah 's strange behavior from the last couple of day and she evasive answer to he question . it 's all make sense now . or at least it seem to . oo daniel of course I know . I just do not know you know ... too . ( more ) 85 . daniel ( cont . ) ( defensive ) so what else do you want to know about Sarah ? if you print up a questionnaire , lt could take it home and ask she to fill it out . buddy stand up and almost fall over . '' buddy tr do not know what the hell you problem be . you be the one who stop talk to I . Daniel attempt to stand up , but weave in mid-air and sit back down heavily . daniel I do not . see that Daniel be not rise to the challenge , buddy drop back down to he own seat . buddy you just love that you have Sarah as a excuse to turn it around . daniel oh , if I have get Sarah , you have get you dad . you be the one who back out of school the day before we be suppose to leave . ( to himself ) Left I in a fuck empty dorm room . it be embarrassing . buddy I tell you I could not leave my dad just then . the man have a heart attack . . daniel you dad 's fine . you be just too scared to leave . buddy I be not . he just ask I to wait . they stare at each other defiantly for a minute , then realization dawns on Daniel 's face . daniel you mean you --? 86 . buddy throw a envelope with the '' university of Illinois " logo on the table . buddy just get word today . {beat ) junior college credit be good . tim officially a sophomore in the fall . paniel take a minute +o process this . daniel go ... I guess you be gonna need a experience upperclassman to show you around . buddy well , I would prefer you , but ..- buddy raise he glass as if to toast . buddy ( tentatively ) Friends ? paniel hesitates , but smile reluctantly as he raise he glass and clink it with buddy 's . daniel ( yes ) never . buddy smile in response . cuT to : int . grocery store - day paniel and Sarah be fill they cart with party platter , case of soda , bag of chip and assort barbeque sundry . . sarah jell I again why we be have a Memorial Day barbeque . daniel beat I . Mom invite all she client and I think dad just like a excuse to drink before five . sarah ( sarcastic ) well now I be giddy with anticipation . ee 87 . daniel ( slyly ) so ... I hear you be engage . Sarah be completely confuse until she make the mental connection . _ sarah ahh ... you and buddy be friend again ? daniel when be we not ? she roll she eye at this . sarahb I be glad . Sarah push the cart to the vegetable section and eye the carrot and celery selection . daniel you intense crudite scrutiny will not deter I from the still - unanswer question . sarah glad to hear you rhetoric class have pay off . Daniel give Sarah some intense scrutiny of he own . daniel ( suspicion confirm ) you be not get marry . you be just blow my best friend off . sarah I be live my life Daniel . if buddy be not a part of it , well ... be you really that surprised ? daniel no . if you actually let someone be a part of it ... then I would be surprised . the truth of that comment sting Sarah . cur to : 88 . int . daniel be ford - moving shot the grocery be bag in the back as they drive home . Sarah eye the wear - out upholstery . the engine noise be deafen . sarah I hate to say it , but this car be not gonna get you through four year . daniel well , that 's the difference between we ... I be a optimist . sarah I be a opti -- I can see the good in ... thing . Daniel be skeptical , but he try to nod encouragingly . daniel good . hold that think . Daniel pull into the driveway of they house and Sarah instantly understand what he 's talk about . cur to : ext . russell house - day a huge banner be drape across the front of the house : '' congratulation sarah -- our loss be harvard gain " . people fill the front lawn , drink from paper cup and chat . no one pay any attention as Daniel and Sarah start to get out of the car , but then phil and gayle walk out the door and notice phil oh shit . hey everybody ... 1-2-3. the milling people notice Sarah and try to recover the element of : everyone surprise ! Sarah glare at obvious - accomplice Daniel and try to smile brightly . sarar wow ... this be great . 89 . no it be not . ext . russell house - day as Daniel unload the grocery , phil and gayle lead sarah around to say " hi " to everyone . Sarah be do a slow boil , but hide it . sarah ( aside to gayle ) Mom , we really should have talk about this . gayle well that would have ruin the surprise , honey . phil come on , Sarah . even you have to appreciate the comedic irony of grocery shopping for you own surprise party . true enough . the buffet table be now cover with the party platter and supplies that Daniel and Sarah buy . gayle pull Sarah aside to speak confidentially . gayle : do you and buddy have a fight ? I have to practically drag he to the party . sarah Mom , you do not ... buddy ( 0.c. ) hi Sarah . Sarah turn to face buddy . he hesitantly hand she a smail gift - wrap package . sarah hi ... ntake package ) ++. you do not have to -- buddy you mother be nice enough to invite I ... read : I be sorry . this be not my fault . I could not get out of it . 90 . buddy ( cont . ) ... but , I have really get to get back to the station . gayle oh buddy , you can not be serious . you just get here . '' buddy . no , really . a lot of boater be head up to the lake for the weekend . ( beat , to Sarah ) I gotta sell ‘em gas . buddy obviously think he gas jockey status contribute to she rejection of he . phil Daniel tell I you be join he up at U of I in the fall . buddy yeah , I think I might . Sarah be surprised by this ... and that buddy do not tell she . sarah buddy that 's great . buddy yeah , well ... great . ( awkward beat ) Goodbye Sarah . he make a hasty retreat . dissolve to : it 's later in the day . Sarah be play a game of jart with Daniel , Susan and she husband jeff . she stop when she see lorraine crossing the street with a determine stride . sarah I will be back . Sarah run to intercept lorraine , who look like she 's be up all night . her gaze bore into Sarah 's . lorraine you be sick , be not you ? Sarah look around quickly to make sure no one can hear they . 91 . lorraine ( cont. , softer ) what be it ? hodgkin ? sarah ( glibly ) maybe I be just pregnant . ' lorraine no , you be not gonna have any kid , remember ? sarah I be fine . just leave I alone . lorraine headaches , backach , dizziness . probably worse symptom you be not gonna tell I about . Sarah stay silent . lorraine ( realize ) you have not tell anyone , have you ? Sarah stare at the grass at she foot . sarah it 's leukemia . Sarah seem relieved that someone else finally know . lorraine nod , simultaneously satisfied and horrify that she suspicion be confirm . lorraine why on earth would you want to go through something like this alone ? norraine 's confusion turn into yet another realization . lorraine ( cont . ) Sarah ... you can not think that you deserve this . the compassion in lorraine 's voice be too much . Sarah 's eye be welling up with tear . but she can not let herself break down in front of everyone . sarah ( willing she to stop ) lorraine , I can not do this ... now. 92 . but , lorraine can not let it go . lorraine ( bare whisper} you do think you deserve it , do not you ? sarah 's eye meet lorraine 's . that 's exactly what she think . the tension be break when phil tap a glass loudly . phil hey ! can I have you attention for a minute . the crowd quiet down . as Daniel walk over and pull she towards phil , Sarah 's eye swear lorraine to secrecy . phil drape he arm around Sarah proudly . phil first of all , thanks to everyone for come by and help we celebrate . gayle step out of the house with a plate of burger for the grill . she quickly put it down and join phil and Sarah . phil ( cont . ) since Sarah 's mother and I believe that nothing but the best will do , we be send she to Harvard . there will be sacrifice ... we will be move into we son Daniel 's dorm and sell we house so if anyone want to make a bid today , just talk to gayle . the crowd laugh on cue . phil ( cont . ) okay , we can not hide the fact that we be incredibly proud of we daughter . she 's not only the first Russell to go to Harvard , I believe she 's also the first stanton resident to go . the crowd cheer loyally . phil ( cont . ) so ... to Sarah . 93. he and gayle raise they glass . gayle . we be send Harvard we first and we best . daniel ( mock outrage ) hey !! everyone laugh and drink . Sarah give a weak smile . int . russell house - later that day Daniel finish tell Sarah a joke as they walk in the front door . int . kitchen gayle be hang up the phone with a devastate expression on she face as lorraine walk in from the back door . lorraine gayle , phil want I to tell you he need more ice -- she stop . when she see the look on gayle 's face . Daniel and Sarah be still laughing at the punchline to he joke when they enter the kitchen from the other direction . gayle look at they with tear in she eye . daniel Mom , what be it ? gayle be stare at Sarah , who be conspicuously silent . gayle : why do not you ask you sister ? Daniel look from gayle to Sarah , clueless . Sarah glare at lorraine in disbelief . sarah ( to lorraine ) what give you the right -- gayle ( interrupt ) carla just call . you get another important phone call ... from a Dr. Gordon . the dam of gayie 's grief and anger burst . 94 . gayle ( loud ) what the hell kind of game be you play Sarah ? I mean , what be you gonna do ... just die in you room ? let I find out later that you be sick ? '' daniel Mom , she be just -- gayle turn on Daniel angrily . gayle she 's get leukemia , Daniel ... and I guess she just do not feel like tell we . Daniel turn to stare at Sarah , hope she will deny it . daniel Sarah ...? sarah wish she could just disappear into the linoleum . finally : sarah ( evenly ) it sound like you get the full report , Mom . I would appreciate it if you do not announce it to the party guest . gayle stare at Sarah in shock , amaze by she emotionless tone . then more tumbler click into place as she look at lorraine and realize that she know . gayle ( incredulous ) you could not teil you own mother , but you tell she ? lorraine ( softly ) I ... figure it out . though it be not there , gayle hear another accusation -- why do not she pick up on the sign and figure it out ? gayle {to Sarah ) be you try to hurt I ? 95 . gayle 's tear start up again as she cross the floor and hug she daughter tightly . gayle ( muffle ) do not ... do not . we be not sure what gayle be tell Sarah not to do . do not hurt she ? do not die ? Sarah pat she mother 's back and lock eye with lorraine . this be why she do not want to tell anyone . curt to : int . dr . gordon be office - day phil , gayle , Daniel and Sarah sit in Dr. Gordon 's office . sarah ( v.0 . ) I persuade my mother not to tell anyone about my illness , but have to agree to go back to Dr. Gordon ... who really do not have anything new to say . Dr. Gordon have just finish explain the result of Sarah 's test in layman 's term . gayle so ... what do we do now ? be there treatment ? chemotherapy ? what ? Sarah barely appear to be listen to this discussion about she future . Dr. Gordon be baffle by she behavior . he have to deliberately pull he attention back to gayle . dr . gordon yes , of course . we have a excellent chemo program . once the disease go into remission , depend on the patient 's status , we look at the option : radiotherapy , bone marrow transplant , a umbilical cord blood tran -- Dr. Gordon stop abruptly and look at Sarah . he turn to phil and gayle . dr . gordon May I speak to you two outside ? pr . Gordon lead a confuse phil and gayle into the hall . 96 . _ int , chicago memorial hospital - hallway pr. Gordon can not contain he curiosity . dr . gordon it just hit I that ..- Sarah do not seem to care whether she life or die . can you shed any light ? ' gayle - ( outrage ) what ? do not can -- dr . gordon ( interrupt ) Mrs. Russell , there 's no time here for hurt feeling or indignation . I be sorry , but you have to be frank with I . Sarah may need a psychiatrist as well ag a doctor right now . ( beat ) have she be act strangely ? depress , suicidal , feeling of rage , guilt , hopelessness ? pie gayle well , she do not really -- ( glance at phil ) Sarah 's always be a quiet girl . phil ignore gayle 's look . phil Dr. Gordon , Sarah have not always be the way she be . phil hesitates . he do not want to go into this , but he know it 's important . Dr. Gordon nod for he to continue . phil ( cont . ) about twelve year ago while she be babysit for the family across the street ..- pr. Gordon listen carefully as phil tell the story . dissolve to : int . chicago - sarah' apartment - day will sarah be pack book from a modular shelf into cardboard box . carla sit nearby tapping out a new melody on she keyboard . 97 . carla how the hell be I suppose to know you have not tell you mother ? I just say I be sorry you be sick and ..- carla trail off lamely . Sarah do not say anything as she flip through a stack of CD 's , pull out several and throw they in the box . '' carla . qcont . ) I mean that 's one fuck up home life . I think that 's why you go pack ..- you know ... the whole chicken soup , mom 's - comforting - paw - on - your-brow kinda thing . sarah exit into she bedroom and return ina moment with two large suitcase . paniel enter the apartment , smile awkwardly at carla and take the suitcase for Sarah , who lift the box and start to follow he out the door . carla ( cont . ) so lyle be gonna move in , but I do not know if he have any cash . ( petulant ) you be still responsible for you half of the rent until December you know . Sarah turn at the door . sarah I will be sure to make a note in my will . carla ( roll she eye ) oh , sure , Sarah ... be like that . sarah carla ... it 's so ironic . I do not know where you get this idea that my life be so perfect . but , I wish you would get over it and just ... well , you do not have to be my friend ... it 's a little late for that , but -- carla walk to Sarah and take the heavy box out of she arm . 98 . carla sarah ... I just want you to talk to I like a normal person . like I be here . ( beat ) what you just say be great . very pitchy . lot of potential . sarah smile incredulously as she follow carla out of the apartment . : sarah ( to herself ) if only I would know it be so easy - ext . chicago - STREET outside of sarah' apartment Daniel wait in the driver 's seat of Sarah 's car , which be fully - load with she pelonging . carla wedge the last box into the back seat . carla $ 0 you will be at Chicago Memorial ? sarah no . I want to be close to home . ( write note ) here 's the number at St. Mary 's in alton . I start chemo on Monday . carla I always think you would look better pald . kind of the " sinead in auschwitz '' look . sarah ( laugh ) bitter ' till the end . carla yeah , well ... hurry back . lyle - be much more difficult to annoy than you . carla smile and give Sarah a hug . cur to : ext , gatewood cemetary — day Howard lead lorraine to a small rise - color marker stone . she 's obviously never be to Jennifer 's grave . it read : 99 . jennifer rae morrisey '' belove daughter & sister " bear : 5/21/83 pie : 6/3/84 they stand look down at it for several moment . lorraine bend and place some tea rose at the marker . her hand linger on the sun-warm granite . as she stand she knee pop loudly . lorraine 's eye scan the surround ' countryside . it 's a lovely view of roll hill and a nearby orchard . lorraine you find she a really nice spot , Howard . howard mmm - hmmm . lorraine I guess I be not much help at the time . Howard stay silent . his look tell she he do not blame she for anything . she take he hand as they walk back to the car . cut to : ext . morrisey house - later that day sarah be just knock at they front door as Howard and lorraine pull into the driveway . in the car : Howard glance at lorraine . he know she 's get better , but do not know how deeply the cemetary affect she . lorraine turn to give he a kiss . lorraine go to work . I will see you later . lorraine get out of the car and Howard back out of the driveway . ext . morrisey house lorraine walk up the gidewalk as Sarah turn . sarah now that we get you out , I can never catch you at home . '' 100 . sarah smile , try to determine if lorraine be go to talk to ner . lorraine be silent for a long moment before answer with a tentative smile of she own . lorraine ( finally ) it 's good to be out . cur to : ext . park - concession stand - late afternoon Sarah and lorraine turn from the concession stand window with snow cone . they sit on a picnic table with they foot up on the bench . a group of pre-teen girl walk by , all carefully dress and coiff to resemble each other . lorraine and Sarah be silent , enjoy crush ice and peace . lorraine you know , Jennifer would have turn thirteen last week . ( beat ) I keep try to imagine what she would look like . it 's so easy to look back at baby picture and see the people they have become . but , without a point of reference ..- Sarah take a deep preath , relieved that the subject be no longer taboo . sarah she be beautiful . lorraine ... she just get stick in my mind . a baby . then I try again and I picture myself at thirteen . Boy , do I hate the way I look . sarae everyone hate the way they look at that age . at least every girl . iorraine glance at Sarah 's profile then at the girl as they disappear around a corner . lorraine lately , when I try to see Jennifer , T have be picture you ... the way you be the night it happen . so young try to be so adult . iol . sarah ... and so responsible . lorraine hear it in Sarah 's voice -- year of guilt and self - recrimination . she realize she 's just be pour the salt of she own sorrow on Sarah 's emotional wound . lorraine you be not responsible Sarah . Sarah do not respond . lorraine turn to see tear in she eye that she just will not let fall . lorraine ( cont . ) you never be . Sarah finally cry . lorraine hold she . lorraine the only thing you be responsible for be save my life . sarah what ? lorraine you give it back to I . ( frustrated ) so just do not be so eager to give yours up without a fight . sarah but I do not know what to do . I do not know what I be do . lorraine - Sarah , just promise I one thing . if you want to get through this , you be gonna have to accept some help ... and let some people get close and let yourself off the hook . it 's obvious that lorraine be speak from experience . sarah that 's three thing . lorraine then just work on number three . please forgive yourself . ( beat ) I do . 102 . int . russell house - front door Sarah run in and slam the front door behind she . shake , she sink to the floor . sarah ( v.0 . ) there it be . I have it . the forgive - ness I need to die in peace . so why do not I feel better ? CUT to : ext . stanton - MAIN STREET ~ dusk Sarah drive down Main Street , pause at the town 's single stoplight . sarah ( v.0o . ) maybe it 's because ... for the first time in twelve year I be realize ... I do not want to die . she barely hesitates before take the turn that lead to the interstate . cuT to : int . ray' sunoco Sarah enter the station and approach Ray , who snooze in a leather chair . sarah Mr. Carroll ? be buddy around ? ray ( look up ) well , hey Sarah . I do not really know if he 's here . to tell the truth , I be takin ' a littie nap . ( beat ) you need some gas pump ? maybe a dent fix ? Sarah narrow she eye at the veile accusation in Ray 's voice . sarah Mr. Carroll . I do not want you to think that I ... do not care -- ray . ( interrupt ) ai not too many other way to look ( more ) 103 . ray ( cont . ) at it when you get the brush - off from a girl you -- Ray stop himself , realize he 's talk too much . sarah buddy 's a ... really nice guy . ray you bet he be . ( beat ) ten year ago , he come in that same doorway you be stand in . I would never see he so excited . he be talkin ' so fast I catch about one word in five . but , one of the one I keep catchin ' be Sarah ... Sarah ... Sarah . unseen by either Ray or Sarah , buddy almost walk in from the back of the garage . he quickly step back into the lengthen shadow when he hear they . on buddy face : ray ( 0.c. ) now remember this be the boy who would give he matchbox car away if another kid do not have none . or he comic or he baseball card . he be generous to a fault . ( beat ) but , the way he say you name ... I know if he have ya he would never let you go . and the way he would treat ya , you would never wanna leave , a wave of emotion wash over buddy 's face . corny as the expression of it may be , every word he father say be true . on ray : ray ( shrug ) maybe I be readin ' a bit much into the ramblin' of a eleven year old . Sarah be speechless . Ray suddenly realize how much he 's say . ray and I know I definitely talk too much , you want I to tell he you come by ? 104 . sarah . tell he I be go away and I be -- on buddy : it 's obvious buddy want to go into the next room and sweep Sarah off she foot . sarah ( 0.c. ) I be not sure when I will be back . but , she word just sound like another rejection to hin . cur to : int . sarah' car Sarah take deep breath to control she runaway emotion , but it 's a lose battle . CuT to : int . ray' sunoco Ray be neither startle nor surprised when buddy walk in from the back . ray didja catch all that ? buddy I think I catch it the first time she tell I to fuck off . Ray sit up angrily . ray hey ! what do I get to do ? when do it get so hard for people to just come out and say somethin’ ? you two care about each other . that 's more than most people start with . ( frustrated ) if you would just get past you stupid soap opera posturin ' and say two word to each other . buddy dad , what be I suppose to think ? what be I suppose to say ? she tell I she 's get engage at Christmas . 105 . ray Son , I do not know what she tell ya but she come here . now . to see you . ( flustered ) a moron could see this ! buddy want to believe but can not let himself . .- buddy I do not know . she must get some strange pleasure from torture I . ray no more than you get from torturin ' yourself . ( finally ) you do not see she face , buddy . buddy finally look directly at he father . slowly , he nod . buddy ( softly ) okay ... okay , dad . CUT to : int . russell house -. sarah' room Sarah run in and close the door behind she . there be a half - pack open suitcase sit on the floor . Sarah begin rapidly fold clothes and place they in the suitcase . a knock be hear at she door . Sarah look up , a glimmer of hope in she eye . gayle ( v.0 . ) Sarah ... you okay ? sarah I be fine , mom . Sarah start throw toiletry from she dresser into a smaller duffel bag . she pause when she notice a small wrap package . Sarah realize it 's the gift buddy give she at the party . slowly , she sink to the bed and undoe the wrapping . a small velvet jewel box reveal its treasure : a ring of solid burnish pewter , finely wringht with a simple scrollwork design . Sarah cover she mouth with she hand , amaze by the beautiful gift . she notice a card ’and open it . 106 . the card read : '' dear Sarah , congratulation . do not worry , it 's just a friendship ring . this be not mean to be a last minute ' go away to Med School 's gift and it will not be the kind of wedding gift I want it to be , do I just write that ? now I definitely have to rip this card up . your , buddy '' but , he do not rip the card up . ' buddy ( 0.c . ) it be my mother 's . startle , Sarah look up and see buddy stand in the doorway . sarah you mother 's friendship ring ? buddy ( reluctant admission ) her wedding ring . it 's pass down through the woman in my family , but .+. I do not have a sister . buddy walk in and sit down on the bed next to Sarah . sarah so she trust you judgment ? about the woman to give it to ? buddy ( nod ) even then I be wise beyond my year . encourage by Sarah 's word , buddy throw caution to the wind . he take the ring out of the velvet box and move to put it on Sarah 's finger . sarah buddy , I have to tell you something . buddy ( a question / plea ) you be not get marry to this guy from Chicago ... buddy trail off , hope against hope she 's not go to destroy he with a word . sarah no . buddy smile he relief and slip the ring on Sarah 's finger . his gaze be direct and he voice be sure as he propose . 107 . buddy then marry I . Sarah be shocked . after a moment , she realize she want to say '' yes '' , but can not . still ... she need hin . sarah can you just ... stay ? cuT to : in sarah' dark bedroom : two fully - clothed body lie spoon together on top of the bedspread ... fast asleep . buddy and Sarah . close on : sarah' pale face match dissolve to : sarah' even paler face lie against a stark white sheet . her eye open slowly and we see ... int . ST . mary hospital - sarah be room - morning Sarah be in a hospital bed . as she wake up , she notice a roomful of people around she : phil , gayle , Daniel , Dr. shelly winthrop ... and buddy . dr . winthrop good morning Sarah . Sarah have obviously undergone the first stage of chemotherapy . her hair have thin , but have not all fall out . it 's pull back in tiny tortoiseshell barrettes . sarah ( weak ) hi . phil , gayle and Daniel ad lib '' hello " 's . sarah bey , buddy . needless to say , buddy know everything ... and he 's still here . buddy hi. Dr. winthrop , a effervescent woman in she early 40' , examine Sarah carefully , check she vital and mark she chart while keep up a cheerful line of patter . 108 . dr . winthrop ( joke ) well lucky for you Sarah , we get the license number of the semi that hit you . sarah I think it be radiation . dr . winthrop okay , you tell I . what do it feel like ? sarah ( laugh ) like a ten-ton truck . everyone want to laugh , but they keep glance at Dr. winthrop and she chart , desperately wait for confirmation that everything will be okay . gayle ( anxiously ) so ... do it work ? dr . winthrop we will know by tomorrow . sarah i've be here six week and you still can not tell I if I be get better ? dr . winthrop Sarah , you just finish a intensive program . the effect be cumulative . yesterday 's treatment be you strongest yet and hopefully ... it 's send you into remission . Sarah look at the anxious face hover over she . sarah ( v.0 . ) this be just what I want to avoid . a sea of worried , smile face . cuT to : int . dr . vitale' office - day Sarah sit in a comfortable overstuff chair talk to a pleasant - look middle - age psychiatrist , dr . paul vitale . 109 . sarah ( v.0 . ) I should have know fix I physically would not be enough . my parent insisted I talk to the psychiatrist that Dr. Gordon recommend . I do not know why they think talk to a stranger be go to help I when I can not even talk to my . family . cur to : int . dr . vitale' office - day Dr. vitale now talk to phil and gayle . dr . vitale Sarah have be repress so many feeling for so long she do not know what she should be feel now . that 's why she do not want to tell you about she illness . she know you would respond with a outpour of emotion and she know she would not be able to handle it . his voiceover continue over the follow : cuT to : int . ST . mary hospital - sarah' room Sarah 's room be dark . she 's asleep , but toss restlessly under the thin hospital sheet . gayle be slump in a bedside chair , more asleep than awake . dr . vitale ( v.0 . ) before the accident , you say she be a bright outgo young girl . afterwards , she take refuge in she guilt . she be a loner in high school . introvert in the extreme . lorraine appear in the doorway of the dark room , backlit by the bright hallway fluorescent . she gaze at Sarah 's restless form for a few minute . dr . vitale ( v.0 . ) ( cont . ) Sarah have be turn off from she emotion like a child whose brain be disconnect from he nerve ending . ( more ) 110 . dr . vitale ( v.0. , cont . ) just like that child can not feel a physical touch of any sort , Sarah ~ have not be able to feel a emotional touch from anyone around she . lorraine step further into the room and we see that she be carry she heirloom quilt -- the beautifully - stitched patchwork one . she gently drape it over Sarah . DR. vitale ( v.0 . ) ( cont . ) her detachment be not a personal attack on you , she just could not feel anyone try to get through ... until now . lorraine place she cool hand on Sarah 's forehead . gayle wake with a start as if the hand be press against she own brow . she see lorraine and the two lock eye . mother to mother . see that Sarah be okay , gayle close she eye again . Sarah 's restless movement slow and eventually stop , but she do not wake . lorraine watch a moment longer then leave . cur to : int . buddy truck buddy drive as Sarah sit in the passenger seat , wrap in lorraine 's quilt . buddy ( gently ) you okay ? Sarah do not reply . buddy come on Sarah . the doctor say full remission . that 's great , right ? sarah ( distant ) I guess . I do not know , buddy . I be not a doctor . ( bitter laugh ) and I suppose I never will be . she sound like she could not care less . buddy sound like he could not care more . it 's a frustrating combination . lll . buddy suddenly pull to the side of the road and shut off the engine . Sarah simply stare out the front windshield . buddy Sarah , I have be try to have the patience of a saint for six week . I mean -- ( frustrated ) you let I propose and you could not even tell I you be sick . as he speak , Sarah get a steely look in she eye and remove the pewter ring from she finger . she 's lose some weight and it slip off too easily and fall onto the seat between they . buddy ( cont . ) you know I would do anything . why do not you just tell -- sarah ( angry ) . that 's why ! I know you would do anything . I know it ! I also know I have never do anything to deserve that ... kind of ... Sarah can not finish the sentence . buddy retrieve the ring . buddy Love , Sarah . that 's the word you be look for . it 's a funny thing . it do not matter if you do not feel you deserve it . people be gonna love you and want to help you through this . ( beat ) I want to . Sarah look up at he . she 's get a lot of question , but do not seem to know how to put any of they into word . finally ... sarah buddy , why would you ask I to marry you ? even if I be not sick ? as far as you know , I be go to Harvard . you be gonna be a goddamn undergrad in the fall : buddy that be just detail . ile . sarah do I ever treat you well or give you any indication ... you and Daniel use to drive I insane . you say it yourself . I lie to you ! about my illness , about my engagement . why would you -- once again , she stop herself before she can say '' love I " . buddy will not let Sarah change the subject with the force of she anger . he make she look he in the eye . buddy do you love I Sarah ? Sarah look away , unable to hold he gaze . sarah it would not matter if I do . it do not change anything . buddy forget change thing . I could die of a aneurysm tomorrow . you could live for another forty year . ( beat ) do you love I ? after what seem like forever , Sarah find the voice to answer . sarah yes . close on : buddy slip the ring back on Sarah 's finger . CUT to : int . russell house - sarah' room phil set Sarah 's suitcase down and kiss she on the cheek as he exit . she smile at he , then sit on she bed . she pull the quilt from around she shoulder and rub it against she cheek . CUT to : int . russell house - the kitchen gayle watch anxiously as Sarah leave the house , clutching the quilt . the yearn in she eye be heart - wrenching . do she daughter care more about the woman across the street than she own mother ? 113 . CUT to : int . morrisey house - day the doorbell be ringing . a hand reach into frame and open the door . Sarah stand outside hold the heirloom quilt . on sarah : she be surprised to see jon morrisey . they stare at each other for a moment . he 's grow about three foot since she see he last . sarah jon ? or be it Rick ? jon ( smile ) go . hi. he motion for she to come in . sarah thanks . be you mom here ? jon yeah , she 's in she workshop . he motion for she to enter . as she walk by he , he stop she with a tentative touch . jon be you ... okay ? sarah ( smile ) I be great . how be you do ? jon ( answer smile ) better . jon be not sure if he need to elaborate , but Sarah 's smile say she know exactly what he mean . int . lorraine be workshop Sarah enter the workshop from the kitchen . lorraine be levelling a old table with determine stroke . it 's pretty noisy . lorraine ( be : table ) Hell of a warp , but I think I can save it . 114 . sarah well ... it 's all in the rhythm you know . lorraine look up and smile . lorraine oh good , you bring the quilt . ( look at watch ) let 's go . sarah go where ? cuT to : ext . grassy field - night a carnival be go full swing in the background , but here there be family sit on blanket and pull soda out of cooler . kid and dog run around with equal abandon . lorraine and Sarah be sit on the quilt watch ... firework light up the night sky . the '' ooh 's " and " aah 's '' of the crowd fill the quiet interval between burst . sarah ( laugh ) : I can not believe I forget it be the fourth of July . I guess I just lose track of time in the hospital . lorraine how 's that go ? sarah well ... they say I be in remission . lorraine why do you say that like it 's a dirty word ? sarah I have do my research . you may go into remission but you do not recover from leukemia . lorraine well what do the people who already go to medical school say ? you know , ( more ) 115 . lorraine ( cont . ) oh what be they call ... the doctor ? Sarah smile at lorraine 's attempt at levity . sarae I rest up for a few week and then we try a bone marrow transplant . I just want to say '' thanks " and bring this back . nindicate quilt ) I ... find it on I one morning . lorraine keep it . you can be my '' honorary '' daughter . Sarah look at lorraine closely . though she tone be light , the word be sincere . cup to ; ext . residential STREET - night Sarah have the fold quilt under she arm . she and lorraine walk down they street . lorraine do you take my advice ? Sarah be momentarily puzzle . lorraine ( softly ) about let yourself off the hook ? sarah I want to , but ... it 's kind of tough to let go of something that 's be keep you go for so long . lorraine guilt be not a lifeline , sarah . I use it to tie my family in knot and I come awfully close to lose they without even notice . sarah well except for Daniel , I have never really be that close to my family anyway ... 116 . lorraine be you sure about that ? ( beat ) I think you and I be a lot alike . after Jennifer die , we both shut down . I just get older , but you -- lorraine stop herself as the full impact of what sarah must have go through begin to come clear . lorraine ( cont . ) you be still grow up and . learn how to live . sarah . ( bitterly ) or not learn . lorraine I just mean you seem to be enjoy life before ... it happen . maybe you need to remember how . sarah ( defensively ) I be . lorraine I be glad . — ( beat ) he 's really cute , you know . sarah on that note -- which I refuse to let become a full - fledge conversation -- I be out of here . Sarah and lorraine separate , each walk to she own house . sarae hey ! lorraine jump , slightly startle as she turn back . sarah thanks . you know , for the quilt . lorraine 's look say '' you be welcome " . for everything . 117 . int . russell house - sarah' room Sarah sit on she bed , look through a old photo album . close on a series of photo : - Sarah at 14 , paper -thin , prepare for she first day of high school . : ~ 16 - year-old Sarah at Christmas , off by herself , watch other open present . 7 17 - year-old Sarah as " valedictorian " address she senior class at graduation . gayle ( 0.c . ) I remember when you go up to that podium . Sarah be startle as she look up and see she mom stand over she shoulder . gayle sit down next to Sarah . gayle ( cont . ) you be so nervous . terrify . we didnt know if you be actually go to be able to get any word out . sarah I remember ... . gayle but , then you pull it off with such finesse . you could always fool we Sarah . . ( beat ) how be I suppose to know you be hurt ? Sarah be uncomfortable . she and she mother do not discuss thing like this . sarah ( coldly ) be this line of question the result of you meeting with pr . vitale ? gayle do not be angry . ( rethink ) or be angry if you want , but just do not hold it in . 118. sarah Mom , there 's no reason for I to be angry or for you to feel guilty . gayle Sarah , you father and I be wrong to ignore what happen . Sarah stand , anxious to end this conversation . sarah you be not . you be just take you cue from I . gayle and then I probably latch onto the Harvard idea so strongly because it be a easy fix -- something I could get excited about without have to look too closely . sarah please . do not try to analyze I or we or ... this whole damn thing . gayle honey , do not shut I out -- Sarah interrupt she softly but firmly . she can not take much more . sarah ( softly ) can you just go ... now ... gayle stand up , desperate to say the right thing , but she do not know what that be . she go . CUT to : int . russell kitchen - evening gayle be stand at the sink , peel potato , stare out the kitchen window into the back yard . tear glisten in she eye . silently , Sarah enter the kitchen , open the refrigerator and get a Coke . she head back to she room , but pause in the doorway . Sarah set the Coke on the counter and wrap she arm around she mother 's waist , rest she head on she back . gayle stop peel the potato and turn to hug she daughter . cur to : 119 . int . ST . mary be - sarah' room ' Sarah lie in she familiar hospital bed watch a movie . she be flanke on either side by buddy and Daniel . lorraine 's quilt cover they and add life to the drab roon . on the tv screen : the Sunday matinee movie be on . it 's marathon man . laurence olivier be practice he torturous dentistry on Dustin hoffman . Daniel , Sarah and buddy all cringe sympathetically . daniel so they tell I that this bone marrow donation involve some of the most exquisite pain around for both party . buddy start switch channel . buddy maybe we can find a ballgame . sarah ( to Daniel ) . be you just nervous or be you try to back out ? daniel do you see the size of the needle they be go to stick in my butt ? sarah you hip . daniel let 's try again ... do you see the size of the needle ? buddy he 's just scared shitless . daniel joke . I be kid . they have just take so much blood out of I , I be permanently light -headed . ( to Sarah ) you know I would give up a testicle - — ( rethink ) well , I would give up a finger -- ( hesitates ) I would definitely give up a earlobe for you . sarah I be touch ... I think . a nurse walk by in the corridor outside pause at they open door and glare at Daniel . : nurse how many time do I have to tell you -- . Daniel stand up sheepishly when he notice , daniel ( to nurse ) okay , okay , I be go back into solitary , but this treatment be inhuman I tell you . int . operating room Dr. winthrop supervise the operation to remove Daniel 's bone marrow . Daniel lie on he stomach and cringe as a giant needle inject he with a spinal anaesthetic . cur to : int . chemotherapy chamber Sarah be receive she final gigantic dose of radiation in a effort to destroy all the cell in she bone marrow . CUT to : int . operating room Sarah look worse than we have ever see she . unfortunately , she have to come to the verge of death to have a chance for life , Dr. winthrop direct the large needle which insert Daniel 's healthy bone marrow into sarah 's bone , CUT to : i2i. int . isolation chamber Sarah be asleep in a hypoallergenic hospital room . she look extremely small and defenseless in the sea of downy white hospital linen . int . hallway outside isolation chamber phil , gayle , buddy and Daniel look in on she . pr , winthrop walk up to they . she look tired , but try to smile reassuringly . gayle can we go see she ? dr . winthrop I be really sorry , but this be a critical time . it will be a week or two before we know if Sarah 's body will take the new marrow . until then she have to be isolate . cur to : close on : sarah' face in the isolation chamber it 's peaceful for perhaps the first time in a decade . sarah ( v.0 . ) so I finally realize that maybe I do want to spend some time with some people and they put I in a isolation chamber . another little cosmic irony . dissolve to : superimpose : six week later ... ext . GREEN field Soft piano music play as the camera slowly move across a beautiful ineredibly - green hillside . the view look like the vista visible from gatewood cemetary . a quiet sobbing be hear as we see ... a handkerchief dabbing at tear on the face of a large woman . it 's gladys , the woman lorraine restore the mother - of - pearl box for . close on : buddy dress in a black suit . his face be unusually solemn , 122 . the monotone drine of a priest can be hear faintly . there be a pause , then ... : buddy turn the Sarah . she 's there . she 's alive , and she 's dress in white . he lift a small veil and kiss she . they turn to face the small congregation , which include the russell 's , the morrisey 's and a beam Mr. Carroll . lorraine squeeze Howard 's hand as she watch Sarah with the pride of a mother . close on : sarah she 's dress in a simple white lace dress and she hair . be get thicker , curling around she face becomingly . the operation be obviously successful . as she turn to look at buddy , we see that the ever- present bewilderment and uncertainty be go , the priest take buddy and Sarah 's hand and join they for all to see as he pronounce : priest I would like to present Mr. and mrs . Henry Carroll . a upbeat recessional begin as buddy and sarah run down the aisle . martine , carla , Susan , Jeff and Daniel pelt they with rice . CUT to : int . wedding reception - pay the reception be in full swing . people be drink , laugh , dance . Sarah and buddy be open gift . lorraine hand a elegant Package to Sarah . she rip off the paper like a 5 - year-old on Christmas morning . sarah ( v.0 . ) okay , so maybe my life be not so random . I be start to see the order in the chaos . it 's she finish box . lorraine have work she Magic . the box look ancient , but delicately weathered as if with a inner glow . the painting on the top be newly - refresh with color . New life . Sarah hug lorraine then turn to show buddy . 123 . . sarah ( v.0 . ) I do not expect to live forever ... but I have be wrong before . freeze frame on buddy and Sarah share a kiss , hand and life join . in sickness and in health . the end