log # 028 " the fabulous baker boy " a original screenplay by Steve klove warner bros.inc . 4000 Warner boulevard burbank , California 91522 April , 1985 ( C ) 1985 warner bros . inc . all rights reserved " the fabulous baker boy " fade in : jack baker be stand before a dirty window , look out at a dirty city street . he be wear a tuxedo . voice ( o.s. ) hey . widen angle it 's the girl from this afternoon . jack hey . Jack look at the girl , sleepy and warm under the bedcover , then at the rest of the apartment . not good . girl whatcha doin ' over there ? jack gotta go . girl how come ? jack job. the girl glance at the bedside clock . girl funny hour . jack funny job . girl will I see you again ? Jack look out at the dirty street again . jack no. the girl do not appear terribly unnerve by this . girl ( at the tux ) you be not wear that , be you ? earlier . Jack shake he head , tap a brown paper bag on the sill . jack bring it . girl shit , thank God . you look like a creep . jack thanks . girl I mean , I would hate to think I would pick up someone who wear that shit . Jack smile , grab the paper bag , and move to the door . girl ( continue ) hey . ( as he stop ) you get great hand . ext . STREET - jack Jack be not exactly cary grant , but any guy wear a tux on this street do not exactly mesh with the milieu . pause for a flask of whiskey at a all - night liquor store , he break the seal before he hit the sidewalk and move on , drink as he go . finally , he come to a nice downtown hotel . slip the bottle in he coat , he squint up at the glitter building as if size up a opponent . doorman hey , Jackie ! jack how go it , Tommy ? tommy ( doorman ) ( shrugging ) ah , you know . howsa pooch ? jack lose he tooth . tommy no shit . it 's the goddamn water . kill a ox . I buy bottled for my Danny . you can not trust the tap . jack yeah . ( stand back ) Jesus , you look like fuck royalty , Tommy . Tommy brushes at he new velvet coat . tommy yeah . the big boy send it down yesterday . jack another five year , huh ? tommy like clockwork . you get a good memory , Jackie . jack it be not always a bless . my brother here ? tommy ( nodd ) he 's get blood in he eye . Jack glance at he watch , wave to Tommy , and move into the hotel . int . HOTEL - angle on frank Jack 's older brother , frank , be pace outside the lounge when he see Jack approach . frank great . terrific . glad you could make it . jack how we do ? frank how we ... ? what , be you kid I ? jack be I late ? frank that 's not the point . jack ( take out a cigarette ) what 's the point ? frank you can not continue to walk in at the last moment , Jack . jack you want I to show up late a few night ? frank Jack . jack Frank . frank Jack . jack Frank . I be here . I always get here . do not sweat it . frank Christ , will you look at you hair ? another angle Jack turn to the wall , which be panele in tiny tinted mirror shot through with vein of gold . jack what 's wrong with it ? frank you look like you just crawle out of bed . jack no one 's gonna be look at my hair . come on , we be on . Frank just stand there , bottled up with exasperation . jack ( continue ) careful , Frank . when you get angry you tie start to spin . Jack step into the lounge and Frank , shaking he head , follow . as they move away , a cardboard stand - up be reveal . on it be two 8 X 10 glossy of Frank and Jack , and below print in bold letter , this : " tonight ! the doubly delightful tone of the fabulous Baker boy ! " baker brother as they make they way through the dimly - light lounge and settle behind match pianos , it become apparent that what the " fabulous Baker boy " be , in fact , be a poor man 's version of ferrante and teicher . wider angle including lounge as they begin to plink out they " theme song " table of middle - age couple sip enormous banana daiquiry begin to tap they foot and bob they head . after a few bar , the boy finish with a flourish and the couple applaud . frank ( Mr. smile ) thank you . thank you . good evening and welcome to the starfire lounge . my name be Frank Baker and eighty - eight key across from I be my little brother , Jack . applause . Little brother Jack smile , wink , and take a draw on he cigarette . frank ( continue ; could do this in he sleep ) you know , my brother and I have be play together , gosh , I do not know . how long have it be , Jack ? jack twenty - eight year , Frank . applause . frank that 's a lot of water under the bridge , eh , Jack ? jack lotta water . frank of course , back then , thing be a little different . I be eight , Jack be seven , just about the only song we know be ' my bonnie lies over the Ocean ' , and the only one who would listen to we be the family cat , cecil . ( to Jack ) we must have shave three life off that cat , eh , Jack ? laughter . Jack smile like he 's get a mouth full of razor blade . frank ( continue ) but seriously . it 's be fifteen year since Jack and I first step on the stage as professional . Three state , sixty - eight city , and more- grayhair - then - we'd - like - to-admit later ... well , believe I , we have see we share of this crazy country of ours . but even though we have play some of the finest venue in the world ... at this point , Jack begin to mimic he brother 's word . frank ( continue ) ... there 's one place that 's always be , for we , a very special place , and that place be ... this place , the starfire lounge . Jack lay in a few soft bass chord . frank ( continue ) why ? well , I guess you could just say it 's the ... ( pregnant moment ) ... people . at which point Frank 's hand descend onto the keyboard and give birth to the melody of -- what else ? " people . ' jack and frank - later they exit the stage to applause . frank thank you . remember , room service be available till one a.m. for you late-nighter . int . HOTEL kitchen Jack and Frank pass through the steamy hotel kitchen . frank do not make trouble , all right ? jack who 's gonna make trouble ? ( spot someone ) hey , amigo ! jack Pov - man in a apron , cut meat off a huge soup bone , look up . back to scene man Jack ! ( lower ) Frank . frank ( the feel 's mutual ) yeah , hi , hector . hector ( man ) ( be : the soup bone ) for Eddie . I wrap . jack gracias . frank ( as they exit ) I mean it , Jack . behave . jack like a angel . int . office Frank stand across the desk from a young man who , despite he youth , have a irritatingly paternal attitude toward the two man in he office . Jack stay in the doorway , smoking a cigarette , as if to venture any further be to risk contracting some hideous disease . lloyd ( young man ) ( prepare a cash envelope ) terrific , boy . really . terrific . frank thanks , Lloyd . lloyd yes , sir . you be just what we need on a night like this . frank uh ... thanks . Frank glance at Jack and realize he should have leave he in the kitchen with hector and the soup bone . lloyd only , Jack , do I a favor , will ya , pal ? if you wanna smoke , put on a pair of sunglass and go play with the nigger on State Street . this blister from the midwest do not wanna watch some guy drip ash all over himself while he 's play ' the sound of Music . ' angle - jack smoke curl out of Jack 's nose . he be utterly still , like a pit bull eyeing a steak . back to scene lloyd okay , boy , that ought to buy you a few more lesson . by the way , frankie , I be declare this . Lloyd slap a slender envelope onto the desk and , business close , busy himself with other matter . frank uh ... you do not know when you will be want we back , do you , Lloyd ? lloyd I will call you . frank uh , well , you know , the way we schedule be , I think maybe ... lloyd I will call you . Frank bite down and take the envelope from the desk . jack Count it . frank huh ? jack Count it . frank Jack ... jack Count the fuck money , Frank . Lloyd look up . Jack be stare right into he . reluctantly , Frank open the envelope . frank it 's all here . ( pull Jack out ) I will be talk to you , Lloyd . Lloyd do not answer . he just look at Jack , smile with amusement . ext . STREET - jack and frank Jack come out onto the street hold the wrap soup bone , dogge by Frank , who 's get the cardboard stand - up under he arm . frank you mind tell I what that be about in there ? be that plan ? or be you just bored and decide to get creative ? jack fuck he . frank this be not the pine Tree Inn on Route 81 , Jack . jack fuck he . frank ( to himself ) fuck he . great. terrific . fuck he . the fabulous baker walk in silence until they come to Frank 's car . Frank open the trunk and start to put the stand - up away . jack so we on tomorrow night ? frank ( shaking he head ) maybe Thursday . I hear the harpist at the Sheraton 's get appendicitis . Jack nod and start to walk away . frank ( continue ) hey . Jack stop . frank ( continue ) listen ... why do not you come out to the house this weekend . say hello to the kid . they have grow . jack I hate you kid , Frank . frank you be they uncle . jack only by relation . besides , they hate I , too . frank they do not . they be always ask about you . jack they try to electrocute I , Frank . frank it be a accident . jack it be no fuck accident , Frank . the little one ... frank Cindy . jack she throw a goddamn radio into the bathtub . how do you explain that ? frank she do not know what she be do . you be too sensitive . jack you get weird kid , Frank . frank look , I just think if you come out you might see what you be miss . Jack just stare at Frank . frank ( continue ) just think about it , all right ? consider it a stand offer . Frank close the trunk and move to the driver 's side . frank ( continue ; like a litany ) you want a ride , Jack ? no , Frank , I will walk . okay , Jack , good night . good night , Frank . Frank turn the engine over and pull away from the curb . Jack watch the taillight burn into the distance , then take the whiskey bottle from he coat and head for home . angle - apartment build Jack cross the street and wave up to he apartment building , where a black labrador be study he from a second story window . int . jack apartment Jack 's apartment be small , old , and comfortably cluttere . the most strike item be a vintage phone booth place against the wall . as Jack let himself in , eddie , the dog from the window , walk over . he be not a overly enthusiastic dog , but you can see from he face that he have a great deal of affection for Jack . jack hi , pal . think you be gonna clean the apartment . Eddie nuzzle the soup bone . Jack unwrap the paper and hand it over . jack ( continue ) take it easy , will ya ? you be become a regular johhny appleseed the way you be drop tooth around here . Jack hang he tie on the phone booth and walk over to a old phonograph stack six deep with disc . he lift the record back up the post and click on the machine . as Bill Evans ' smoky " peace piece " fill the tiny apartment , Jack break the collar of he shirt and walk over to the old piano near the window . settle back with the bottle of whiskey , Jack rest he elbow gently on the key and stare out the open window , listen to the music . int . piano store Jack and Frank work opposite side of a large piano showroom , inspect rental of every style and color . willie , the owner of the place , lean against a cheap upright , contemplate he shoe . frank what happen to the two clays , Willie ? willie out . frank when they come in ? willie Wednesday next . Frank look across the room at Jack . frank what d'ya get ? , jack bosen black . ( tap a key ) flat . frank what d' you say , Willie ? tighten she up ? willie what 's the gig ? frank two night . Willie just look at he shoe and shake he head . Frank frown and glance around . across the room , Jack pause before another piano . frank ( continue ) what d'ya get ? jack ( tapping ) yamaha white . Nice . Frank move to another grand and alternate tap with he brother to see if the two pianos be in harmony . frank what do you think ? jack try the black knable . Frank move to another piano and repeat the process , watch Jack for a verdict . after a moment , Jack nod . frank tag them , Willie . the Regency downtown , Thursday - Friday . thanks . willie my pleasure . int . diner the brother sit at a window of a corner diner , Jack nursing a ice coffee , Frank play with a plate of scramble egg . the glass next to they be cluttere with photograph of neighborhood luminary , include two of Jack and Frank in they tuxedoe . frank you know , I think it 's be five year since I see you eat anything . that 's the God 's truth . jack trust I , you be not miss anything . frank you look awful . jack thanks . frank really . you sleep ? jack only on odd day . frank ( a look ) see anyone in particular ? jack why the interest ? frank because I be you brother . because I care about you . because sometimes it seem like the most significant relationship in you life be with that goddamn dog of yours . Jack study he brother 's face . jack I be not see anyone . in particular . frank what about that waitress at the ambassador ? jack uh-uh . how about you ? you see anyone ? frank funny . ( point at he wedding band ) Strike a bell ? jack it 's only a ring . not a collar . frank it 's more than that . Jack smile and sip he coffee . frank ( continue ) by the way , we gotta go see ma tomorrow . jack no thanks . frank no , I mean it . jack so do i. frank we gotta go , Jack . jack no , you gotta go ' cause if you do not get up there every couple week you feel guilty . I will not feel guilty , so I do not gotta go . frank this time you gotta go . jack I do not gotta go . frank you gotta go . jack say who ? frank you older brother . jack you be thirteen month older than I , Frank . that might have mean something in the Apache clubhouse , but it do not cut too deep anymore . frank Christ , Jack , it 's she birthday . Jack glance up . Frank nod . frank ( continue ) so what do you say ? think the city can spare you for a afternoon ? Jack squint out the window . frank ( continue ) okay . and do not worry about a present . I get she something from both of we . ext . STREET Jack , cradling a pink bakery box in one hand , get out of Frank 's car and survey the street on which he grow up . frank make sure you lock . another angle unless you count the elderly gentleman pick rose three house down , there would not appear to be a wealth of potential car thief in the immediate vicinity . but it 's not Jack 's car , so he do not press the point . back to scene frank place look good , huh ? I get a neighbor boy to mow the lawn , pick up . five buck . Times have change , huh ? ( point ) see the tree ? remember the job cecil do on it the day dad plant it ? you can still see the scar on the trunk . really . I be look at it just the other day . Jesus , I think he be gonna kill that cat . Frank smile , recalling cecil 's near-demise , then rap on the front door . Jack study the tree a moment , then gesture to the tiny ribbone box in Frank 's hand . jack so what would we get she ? frank you will see . angle - front door at that moment , the door swing open and ellie baker be there , a vibrant woman in she sixty . mrs . baker well , if it be not the fabulous Baker boy ! frank how 's the birthday girl ? mrs . baker a little stiffer , but just as sturdy . Mrs. Baker hug Frank , then , a bit awkwardly , embrace Jack . mrs. baker ( continue ) John . it 's good to see you . jack ( uncomfortable ; balance cake box ) good to see you , ma. Jack look over he mother 's shoulder at Frank and mimic " John " with a know nod . frank uh , ma , you know , no one call he that anymore . Jack . he go by Jack . mrs . baker I think maybe hold get over that . frank twenty year , ma ... mrs . baker yes , yes . it 's just that John be so much nicer . Jack sound so ... crude . when I be a little girl , we have a pig on the farm name Jack . I guess I just can not help make the association . Jack 's eye slide over to Frank as if to suggest he hold he brother personally responsible for this . frank uh ... yeah , well , you know , ma , John Kennedy go by Jack . mrs . baker Catholic . what do you expect ? oh , well , what 's in a name , right ? let 's go inside and have a look at that cake . as Mrs. Baker exit , Frank lean over to Jack . frank keep she busy , will ya ? I have to set a few thing up . Frank disappear , leave Jack alone on the porch with the bakery box . Jack shake he head , wonder how he 's go to make it through the afternoon , then enter the house . int . house the front room be cluttere with he childhood . most noticeable be the pianos : two tiny upright , perfectly match , they simulate ivory key yellow with age . above they , press between glass and frame , be the music ribbon , fade by twenty year of sunlight . finally , there be the sheet music , dusty and dog-eare , pile everywhere in drunken stack . this and all else in the room Jack confront slowly , warily , but with a noticeable dispassion , until he eye fall upon a photograph . in it , he and Frank be stand alonside a tall man in baggy slack , safe within the arc of he long arm . Frank be stare straight into the camera , neat , clean , perfectly pose , but Jack , a year young , he shirt too big , be catch in profile , look up at the tall man with a almost worshipful gaze . mrs . baker ( enter ) well , now , where 's everyone run off to ? Frank ? jack downstair . mrs . baker oh. all at once , Jack and he mother realize they be alone . mrs . baker well , shall we cut that cake ? Jack nod and follow she into the kitchen . he place the box on the table and stand off to the side while Mrs. Baker set about prepare thing . mrs . baker so. how be you ? jack Fine . you ? mrs . baker oh , fine . silence . Jack watch he mother poise the knife over the cake . her finger be tremble . mrs . baker ( continue ) Big piece or little ? jack huh ? oh , no . mrs . baker none ? jack I be not much for sweet . Mrs. Baker nod . mrs . baker how 's that dog of yours ? what be he name ? jack Eddie . mrs . baker yes. right. Eddie . how be he ? jack he 's lose he tooth . Mrs. Baker stop and look up into Jack 's eye . suddenly , a noise be hear in the other room . mrs . baker sound like you brother back with we . int . kitchen - day Frank come stumbling up the basement stair with a old movie projector and a roll - up screen . mrs . baker ( enter ) what 's all this ? Frank set the projector down and hand he mother the tiny ribbone box . frank go on . Jack watch from the kitchen doorway as Mrs. Baker pull the ribbon off the box . Inside be a tiny spool of film . mrs . baker why , what 's this ? int . kitchen ( later ) blank screen , curtain draw , the room dark . Frank click on the projector and pick up he cake . Mrs. Baker close on he elbow , set she plate on she knee and watch the screen . Jack sit off to the side . a title card appear : " for Mrs. ellie Baker , who make it all possible . " Mrs. Baker give Frank a puzzle look . he just smile . suddenly , image spring to the screen , obviously footage several year old , show Jack and Frank as child , sit at the tiny pianos , wear match suit , smile match smile as they play for the camera . mrs . baker oh my God ... frank recognize this two character ? mrs . baker I think this be lose . where do you find ... frank in the attic . behind some of dad 's stuff . ( point with he fork ) look , Jack can hardly reach the pedal . as Frank 's laughter fill the dark room , Jack stare with cold fascination at the screen . suddenly , a jag cut spring the boy a year later , in the same position , smile the same smile . mrs . baker ( laugh ) oh no ! frank I have a boy down at the camera shop cut they all together . Boy , old man Henderson do not fool around when he give a haircut , do he , Jack ? Jack say nothing . mrs . baker oh , look at you two . so skinny . and that tiny suit ... frank wait . watch . here come dad . Jack 's eye narrow as the film jump another year and a man enter the frame , obviously by accident . he be so tall he face can not be see . as he dance quickly out of sight , he ruffle Jack 's hair . mrs . baker that man . as the film jump again , Jack glance at the photograph to he right . the image on the screen flicker softly off the glass of the picture frame . mrs . baker ( o.s. ) ( continue ) oh , look how you be grow . my little boy ... Jack 's eye drift from the photograph to he mother and brother , sit close together in the love seat , laugh . after a moment , they voice fade and Jack look back to the child on the screen , like two tiny man , mirror image of one another . at first the change be subtle . Little Jack 's tie be askew , he shirt miss a button . but as the year flick by , the brother resemble one another less and less , until finally , the little boy that be Jack be completely go and in he place be a slouching , tousle - haire adolescent in rumple coat and open collar , a cigarette hang disdainfully from he lip . a woman 's hand dart into the frame and pluck the offend cigarette away in a flash . int . car Frank and Jack be park in front of Jack 's building . whisper of steam snake from the mancover in the street . jack I make she nervous . frank what do you mean ? jack her hand . like that . Jack hold out a tremble hand . frank nah. medication . Jack look over at Frank . he nod . frank ( continue ) couple year , now . ( tap he heart ) keeps the beat steady . nothing serious . Jack consider this a moment , then get out of the car . frank she be glad to see you . int . jack apartment Jack let himself into he apartment and stop . across the room , curl up on the couch , be a little girl . Jack take the girl gently in he arm and carry she to the bedroom . as he fold a blanket under she chin , he pause . the girl 's face be calm , peaceful . ext . STREET - dawn the next morning . early . the sun be peek sleepily between the building and beginning to drip out onto the street . suddenly , ringing out over the rooftop , be " jingle bell " -- not the entire song , just the first two bar , over and over . iht . jack apartment - day Jack , on the couch , he arm drape over a slumbering Eddie , open he eye . across the room , seat at the piano , be nina , the little girl . she stop play and turn . nina Morning . you want coffee ? I make coffee . Jack look into the sleepy face of Eddie and sit up . he nod to the coffee . Nina go to the kitchen . nina ( continue ) I do the dish last night . you be miss a cup . Jack rub he head , then get up and walk to the window . nina ( continue ) do you break a cup , Jack ? jack Eddie do . Nina look at Eddie , sleep on the couch , then bring Jack he coffee with both hand . nina I practice the piano last night . two hour . I think I be ready for ' jingle all the way . ' Jack nod . suddenly , the sound of heavy footstep be hear . Jack and Nina glance up at the ceiling . nina ( continue ) guess they be up . jack sound big . what 's he do ? nina process server . ma say it 's like a lawyer only the hour be more regular . all I know 's he come to take the tv one afternoon and end up stay for dinner . and breakfast . jack what happen to the do nut king ? nina married . upstair , a door slam and heavy feet echo in the stairwell . Nina peer out the window . nina no breakfast . maybe they have a fight . two deep thump sound on the ceiling . nina ( continue ) well , gotta go . teach I later ? Jack nod . Nina kiss he on the cheek and exit . Jack walk over to the couch and give Eddie a nudge . jack hey . int . luau lounge though the plastic palm and grass-skirt waitress of the luau Lounge make the fabulous Baker boy ' presence seem a bit incongruous , Jack and Frank hold nothing back , give " mccarthur Park " the full treatment . unfortunately , the audience in the luau Lounge would not fill a Hawaiian haystack and they applause be less than volcanic . frank uh , thank you . that conclude we show for this evening . Jack and I only hope you enjoy yourselves as much as we do . as the guest wander out , clutching they roomkey , a freckle - face bellhop come up . bellhop Mr. Baker . frank ( tired ) yeah , Jimmy . jimmy ( bellhop ) Mr. Simpson ask to see you . frank all right , tell he I will be right there . as Jimmy exit , Frank stand and point at Jack . frank ( continue ) tomorrow we close with the ' Aquarius suite . ' int . HOTEL corridor Frank pause before a door mark " HOTEL manager . " it 's half -open . Inside , charlie simpson , a heavy man in a shiny suit , be throw dart in the general direction of a dartboard . he 's not very good . Frank knock . charlie frankie . frank you want to see I , Charlie ? another angle charlie yeah , come on in . frank Little slow tonight . charlie ( wave it off ) monday . Charlie take a envelope from he desk and hand it to Frank . frank what 's this ? charlie you pay . frank now ? why not tomorrow ? after the show . charlie take it now . frank ( confuse ) what about tomorrow ? charlie we do not need you , frankie . for a moment , Frank just stand there . frank I have get the grand for two night , Charlie . you can not just -- charlie it 's all there . both night . Frank look at the envelope in he hand . frank what be you say , Charlie ? charlie look , frankie . you and Jack be play here , a long time . frank twelve year . charlie right , twelve year . couple time a month . frank so ? charlie so maybe it 's time we take a vacation from each other . frank vacation ? Christ , Charlie , it 's a Monday night . you say so yourself . charlie it be not half full out there tonight , frankie . I get six waiter stand in back listen to baseball . I gotta move the liquor . to move the liquor , I gotta fill the table . it 's a matter of economics . I , I love you . I love both you guy , you know that . you be class . but people today . they do not know class if it walk up and grab them by the ball . int . HOTEL lobby Jack rise as Frank pass through the lobby with the cardboard stand -up . jack what 's with Charlie ? frank nothing . everything 's great . terrific . int . franks house with the stand - up under he arm , Frank enter and close the door quietly . a light be glow in the kitchen . the rest of the house be dark , quiet . in the kitchen , he check the message pad by the phone . nothing . on the table , a plate of cold chicken be wait for he . next to it be a stack of bill with a note attach : " Frank . please . " Frank sigh and lean the stand - up against the wall . the photo of Jack be peel off the cardboard . find a stack of glossy in a drawer , Frank remove the old Jack from the stand - up and replace it with a new one . as he press the photograph in place , he eye drift to the one of himself . it be take a long time ago . int . jack apartment Jack place a record on the turntable and sit at the piano by the window . as the needle hit the spin disc , a sharp , snappy bass line reverberate throughout the apartment . Jack take a drink , then join in with the record , play along . his concentration be intense , so much so that , a moment later , when the phone ring , he seem not to hear it . finally , he pick it up . jack yeah ? frank ( v.0 . ) it 's I . jack Frank ? frank ( v.0 . ) yeah . listen ... come out to the house tomorrow , will ya ? jack I have have enough family for one month , Frank . frank ( v.0 . ) it 's not family . it 's business . jack so talk to I tomorrow . after the gig . frank ( v.0 . ) we do not get a gig . jack what be you talk about ? frank ( v.0 . ) something come up . do not worry , Charlie stay true . both night . I will give you you share tomorrow . at the house . silence . frank ( v.0 ) ( continue ) so you will come out , right ? jack yeah , okay . Jack listen to the phone hissing in the dark , then the connection go dead . ext . STREET a taxi let Jack off on a street of shabby tract house . in he rumple city suit , Jack look like a cheap gangster amid the weedy lawn and overgrown juniper . he walk up to the door of a small white house and press the doorbell . when there be no response , he go around to the back . ext . backyard the backyard be small , with a short chainlink fence surround it . two kid , a girl and a boy , be splash around in a build - it - yourself above - ground pool . when they see Jack , they stop splash . only they head be visible above the water . jack hey , kid . dad home ? the two head say nothing . jack ( continue ) what d'ya say ? wanna run and get he for I ? still nothing . Jack frown , take out a cigarette , and pat he pocket for a match . jack ( continue ) shit . the kid ' eye widen at he profanity . Jack , the unlit cigarette dangle from he lip , ponder thing for a moment , then flick the 'cigarette away and step over the fence . at which point , the tinier of the two head in the pool begin to scream . jack ( continue ) hey , kid . take it easy . no use . the kid 's a world - class screamer . Frank , wear baggy short and look alarmed , come racing out of the house . frank Cindy ! what be it ? Cindy point . at Jack . frank ( continue ) Jack . jack you doorbell do not work . frank honey , it 's only uncle Jack . you remember uncle Jack . donna , Frank 's wife , appear . donna what 's the matter ? Jack ? Jack wave . frank ( lift Cindy out of the pool ) nothing 's the matter . be it , sweetheart ? donna I will take she inside . you too , little Frank . out of the pool . donna shepherd the kid toward the house . frank foot ! the kid wipe they drip foot on the outside mat and disappear into the house . Frank turn to Jack . frank ( continue ) it 's probably the excitement of see you again . ext . backyard ( later ) donna come out of the house with a tray of lemonade . the man be sit by the pool in a pair of webbed aluminum chair . frank well , look at this . donna you bring trunk , Jack ? jack trunks ? donna swim trunk . jack oh. no. strictly dryland . donna too bad . you could use some sun . really . jack maybe next time . donna we have some lotion . jack just the same . donna suit yourself . donna return to the house . Frank take a sip of he lemonade and scan he surroundings complacently . frank Nice , huh ? jack what ? frank the tree . the flower . Nice . jack terrific . frank ( expansively ) yeah ... we be gonna paint in the spring . after the rain . look good as new . jack you ask I out here to sell I you house , Frank ? Frank shake the ice in he glass . jack ( continue ) Charlie pay you off last night , do not he ? frank I do not know what you mean . jack the hell you do not . frank I tell you . something come up . some political dinner or something . jack bullshit . Fifteen year , Frank . no one pay we off . frank it be not like that . jack no ? frank no . jack what be it like ? frank hey pal , I get a mortgage , all right ? I get two kid . I get a wife . besides , he make the deal . there 's no shame in it . jack that how you see it ? frank yeah , that 's how I see it . Jack shake he head in disgust . frank ( continue ) and do not go shaking you head , little brother . I be not the one who walk in every night smell like he 's get a day job in a piss factory . ( pause ) it kill he , you know . Jack glance up . dangerous territory . jack a gust of wind kill he . frank yeah , and what put he up there ? jack hey , you be not there . right ? Jack 's look end this . Frank sigh . frank look , can we forget last night ? we gotta talk . jack talk . frank I be think maybe we should make some change . ( pause ) I be think maybe we should take on a singer . silence . jack sure , why not . frank it 's just a idea . I want you opinion . I mean , we go halfway on everything , right ? jack it 's more like 40 - 60 , would not you say ? frank we agree that if I take care of the business ; I would be entitle to the extra . be not that what we agree ? jack that 's what we agree . frank if you be unhappy with the arrangement -- jack I be not unhappy . frank if you would like to assume more of the financial responsibility , I would be glad -- jack Frank . fuck it . okay ? frank I have try to do well by you , Jack . by both of we . jack I be grateful , Frank . how much ? for the singer . frank I think maybe twenty percent . look , with the additional booking we will come out ahead . the big hotel , they want a pretty girl with a big voice . we have to stay competitive , Jack . Jack laugh coldly . frank what 's that ? jack you , Frank . all this year you be tell I we be different . we get novelty , Jack . no one can touch we . frank two pianos be not enough anymore , Jack . jack it never be . young woman in pink sweater and a short black skirt stand in the center of a tiny room in the back of Willie 's piano showroom , hold some sheet music . sammy Davis Jr. 's face be on the sheet music . Frank be sit against the opposite wall , a notepad in he hand . Jack be at the piano . frank good morning , miss ...? young woman moran . monica moran . frank all right , miss moran monica ( young woman ) actually , that 's my stage name . frank I be sorry ? monica moran . monica . the whole thing . it 's my stage name . my real name 's blanche . frank blanche . monica no romance , right ? that 's why I come up with monica . it 's what I prefer . frank well , that 's fine -- monica but if you call my house and my mother answer , ask for blanche . if you ask for monica , she will think you have the wrong number and hang up . frank right . monica and if she ask what it 's about , do not tell she . she 's oppose to my career . frank uh-huh . well , miss moran , what be it you would like to do for we ? monica candy man. ' ( worried ) be that all right ? frank it 's one of Jack 's favorite . monica turn and , see Jack at the piano , give a little start . monica oops . I almost forget you be there . here 's the music . monica begin to hand Jack the sheet music . frank uh ... he know it . monica really ? be not that a coincidence . jack small world . monica smile . she like Jack . frank well , shall we ? probably not , but Jack begin to play anyway , laconically pick out the cheery tune while monica swing she arm and tap she foot . despite all this , monica still manage to come in between beat and Jack have to scramble over a chord to catch she , sort of like a fireman with a net . monica who can take a sunrise sprinkle it with dew toss it in the air and make a groovy lemon pie the candy man can the candy man can ... , there would appear to be ample evidence as to why the mother of monica nee blanche oppose she daughter 's career . frank thank you , miss moran , that 's enough . monical eye be close now and she be fully catch up . Frank look over at Jack . Jack shrug and continue to play . frank ( continue ) miss moran ... miss moran ... blanche ! monica 's eye pop open . monica oh , sorry . I get so catch up in it sometimes . it 's scary . frank yes , it be . monica well ... thanks . ( to Jack ) bye . jack drive carefully . as monica exit , Jack and Frank glance at one another and thus begin a seemingly endless parade of aspire singer who can not sing . as Frank sink lower in he chair and Jack 's ashtray spill over with wounded cigarettes , singer after singer , in all shape , size , and color , come forth to offer they own unique interpretation of " feeling , " " I gotta be I , " " this be my song , " and perhaps most appropriately , " what kind of fool be I . " finally , when it be all over , Jack and Frank be leave alone in the tiny room , look daze , exhaust , and mildly homicidal . tall young woman as the sequence end , a tall young woman in high heel walk into Willie 's . she glance around , then spot Willie across the room , eat a corn beef on rye . woman hey . you one of the fabulous Baker boy ? jack and frank be put on they coat , prepare to leave . Frank be stare at he notepad . frank thirty -seven . thirty -seven . jack what ? frank thirty -seven girl . and not one who can carry a tune . that must be statistically impossible . jack it be a somewhat extraordinary day . frank I just do not understand . you would think someone ... anyone ... woman ( o.s. ) damn ! the woman in high heel stumble into the doorway , hold a shoe in she hand . it 's break . woman ( continue ) brand new Thursday . you believe it ? after today , Jack and Frank be prepare to believe anything . woman ( continue ) this where the audition be ? frank this be where the audition be . woman what do you mean ? frank we be finish . woman what about I ? Frank look at he watch . frank you be a hour and a half late . woman my watch be break , too . frank punctuality . first rule of show business . the woman look around she . woman this be show business ? frank ( in no mood ) look , miss . we be tired , you have gum on you lip , and we be go home . woman ( touch she lip ) just like that , huh ? you be not even gonna give I a chance ? frank do not take it personally . woman how should I take it ? frank impersonally . Frank begin to leave . woman I do not believe it . I come all the way down down here , break a heel , and you be not gonna give I a chance because I have gum on my lip and I be a few minute late . frank you be a hour and a half late . woman so if I be so ' late how come you be still here ? frank we run long . woman so run a little longer . frank miss -- woman you find a girl ? Jack and Frank glance at each other . jack no. woman so. I be here , you be here , the piano 's here . what d'ya say ? before Frank can answer , Jack walk over to the piano . frank terrific . thirty -eight . woman what 's that mean ? thirty -eight . jack do not worry about it . woman ( to Frank ) you know , I be feel a lot of hostility from you . frank ( appeal ) Jack . jack let 's get it over with . frank all right . what 's you name ? woman susie . susie diamond . frank catchy . you have any previous entertainment experience , miss diamond ? susie ( woman ) well ... for the last four year I have be on call to triple a escort service . Jack and Frank exchange a glance . susie ( continue ) hey , it 's legit . strictly dinner and dance . frank okay . I think that 's all we need to know . susie I sing now ? frank that 's the premise . susie give Frank a dark look , then turn to Jack . susie I get along without you . ' slowly , okay ? Jack nod and begin to play . Frank slouches down in he chair , prepare to be torture again . susie ( continue ; sing ) I get along without you very well of course I do except when soft rain fall and drip from leave , then I recall the thrill of be shelter in you arm of course I do but I get along without you very well . ' susie stop . Frank just sit there . Jack just sit there . she can sing . susie ( continue ) so ? frank ( blink ) uh ... we will let you know . Jack look over at Frank like he 's insane . susie when ? frank when we know . susie ( smile ) do not leave a girl hang . second rule of show business . Frank 's not amused . susie ( continue ) yeah , well , okay . ' bye , baker . susie walk out barefoot . jack what be you , crazy ? frank I just think we should talk about it . between ourselves . jack what 's there to talk about ? she can sing . that put she at the head of the class . that make she the only one in the class . frank I do not know ... she have gum on she lip , for Christ sake . I do not think she 's right for the act . jack ( study he ) you be get cold foot about this . frank I be just think what ma would think . jack ma? ma ? be ma there the last time we play the ambassador ? oh , that 's right , she be on bass . how could I forget . Frank frown and look down at he hand . jack ( continue ) how many other silent partner be there , Frank ? donna ? Little Cindy ? Hell , let 's give Eddie a vote . frank okay , okay . I will call the girl . Frank get up wearily , then glance down at the notepad . jack what 's the matter ? frank I do not get she number . ext . STREET Jack and Frank dash out of Willie 's and glance up and down the street . nothing . frank we can always look she up in the book . jack . right. susie diamond . she 's probably list right next to monica moran . Jack shake he head in disgust . woman ( o.s. ) do this mean I get the job ? another angle Jack and Frank whirl around . there , stand in the doorway , be susie . susie intuition . CITY skyline gleaming beautifully at the start of a new day . once again , " jingle bell " be hear , only this time carry a little further : " jingle bell , jingle bell , jingle all the way ... " jack , frank and susie ensconse in the back room of Willie 's , prepare for they first rehearsal ... frank ready ? Jack nod . frank ( continue ) ready ? susie nod . Frank poise he hand over the piano , hesitates , then look at Jack again . frank ( continue ) ready ? Jack squint at Frank , then nod . Frank turn to susie . frank ( continue ) ready ? susie ( look around ) what be we , a orchestra all of a sudden ? Frank g1are at she . susie ( continue ) sorry . Frank poise he hand over the piano again and begin to play the open passage of " just the Way you be . " a moment later , Jack join in , and a moment after that , susie . unfortunately , Jack and Frank , accustom to play alone , be a tad overwhelming and the result sound like a fifth grade recital . after a few bar , susie hold up she hand . susie fellas , fella ... Jack and Frank stop . frank what 's the problem ? susie the problem be I can not hear myself sing with all this ... ( search ) ... music . you know what I be say ? Jack and Frank look at one another . susie ( continue ) I mean , back there it may be hard to notice , but up here I be have a little trouble get a word in . Jack and Frank just stare . susie ( continue ) I mean , you be suppose to be back I up , right ? frank ( icily ) no . we be not suppose to be back you up . susie what I mean be -- frank we be a team . we work together . susie so work with I , not against I . okay ? Frank stare at susie for a long moment . frank I suppose we can bring it down a little . jack I will drop the eighths . frank okay ? susie look at the two brother . susie okay . willie' showroom - later Frank be on Willie 's telephone . in the front of the store , just out of earshot , Jack sit at a beat - up grand , while susie move aimlessly from one piano to another . frank I be tell you , Ray . she 's get a voice like a angel ... what ? Frank glance furtively across the room to where susie , make a very sexy silhouette against the front window , be run she hand over a pearl - white piano . frank ( continue ) no , I would not say she 's get a body like a angel . as Frank continue to talk in the background , susie look over at Jack . susie hey , he 's not sore , be he ? jack he will come around . susie nod , go back to stroking the piano . jack ( continue ) you never sing before ? susie not for money . with my mother . Jack nod slowly , but susie see he do not understand . susie ( continue ) she use to waitress downtown , night , when I be a kid . on the way home , we would sing . you know how people whistle when they be nervous ? my mother sing . she always say you be never alone with a song ' cause thousand of people know the same song and even though you can not hear them , they be sing with you . I do not know . if they be , they be all sing safe inside they apartment . ( shrugging ) but it work . we always get home . ever since , I always want to sing . I never take lesson or anything , though . I guess you guy take a lot of lesson . Jack look down at the piano in front of he . jack yeah . we take a lot of lesson . jack and nina Jack 's tuxedo be hang in the shower as he get ready for the night 's gig . Nina , stand next to he at the sink , watch as he work up a lather on a bar of shave soap , then paint he face with the sud . nina you shave like a old movie , Jack . as Jack pick up a razor , Nina take the brush and begin to soap she face in the mirror . jack in the old day , every man have a shave mug that he keep at the barber shop . then , whenever he want a shave , hold go down to the barber shop and there would be he mug , wait for he . nina be that what you use to do ? jack my day be not the old day , genius . nina what be they ? jack the recent past . nina oh. ( nodd to the ceiling ) bigfoot get he out of a can . jack how do you know ? nina I see he stuff in the bathroom . jack oh ? nina I guess it 's get serious . jack maybe he will ask you mar to marry he . nina I hope not . he 's already bust the spring in two chair . hey , what 's this ? Nina hold up the handle of the shave brush . jack ivory . nina look old . jack older than I . nina wow . Jack give Nina a look , then begin to splash he face . Nina pick up the razor . jack hey , what do you want to do ? grow a beard ? nina why not ? jack well , let 's get you first prom under the belt , okay ? nina what 's a prom ? jack ever go to church ? Nina nod . jack it 's like that . only you gotta dance . int . HOTEL as Jack enter the hotel , he pass by the cardboard stand - up , prominently display in the lobby . it be virtually unchange , except for a small notation at the bottom : " with Guest vocalist . " on the other side of the lobby , Frank be pace nervously . frank where the hell be she ? jack it 's early . frank I tell everyone seven-fifteen . do not i? seven-fifteen . jack she will get here . frank just like the day of the audition , right ? Jesus . how 's my hair ? jack awe inspiring . frank yeah , well , you 's be not . ( take out a comb ) let I run a comb though it . jack get out of here . frank come on , stand still . jack get out of here ! frank it 's not gonna hurt you . jack I will hit you , Frank . I swear . Frank hesitates , like a basketball player try to feint a opponent , then take a flick at Jack 's hair . Jack hit he . frank ( hold he shoulder ) you hit I . jack I tell you I be gonna hit you . he look capable of hit he again , too . frank all right , all right . I be a little tense . jack you be a fuck alarm clock . frank I just wish she would get here , that 's all . jack she 's here . susie , wear a flamboyant orange dress , be stand across the lobby , stare at the stand - up . frank Christ , look at she . you would think if she be gonna wear she street clothes she would have enough sense to come in the back . ( walk over ) good evening , miss diamond . you be late . susie where 's my name ? frank what -? susie and how come you guy be the only one with you picture on the poster ? frank we will talk about it later . right now , you gotta get change . susie change ? frank where 's you dress ? susie ( to Jack ) what 's he talk about ? frank be there a language problem here ? you dress . for tonight . where be it ? susie do I look like I be naked ? frank that ! you can not wear that ! susie what 's wrong with it ? frank it 's orange ! susie ( to Jack ) be I miss something ? before Jack can reply , Frank grab susie 's hand and pull she toward the door . frank come on . susie hey ! frank come on . we do not have much time . susie time for what ? int . department store Frank , Jack and susie dash through a cavernous downtown department store , the brother turn a few head with they tuxedoe . as they reach the lady ' department , Frank begin to flip through the dress rack . susie if you ask I , this be pretty stupid . frank just look . what do you wear ? a nine ? susie ( offended ) a seven . frank my wife wear a seven . you do not look like a seven to I . susie I wear a seven . frank okay , okay . here , how about this ? susie ( look ) save it for you wife . frank we be not exactly silly with time , you know . Jack , you find anything ? Jack , somewhat out of he element , be look at belt . jack no. frank here , how 's this ? Frank hold out a inky black dress . susie give it a long look . frank ( continue ) Close enough . let 's go . Frank begin to drag susie into the dress room . susie hey , pal . I do not know about you , but where I come from there 's a little girl 's room and a little boy 's room and the little boy do not go where the little girl go . frank all right , but make it quick . ( remember ) shoe ! what size do you wear ? susie ( from the dress room ) nine . frank nine ? susie nine ! frank ( to himself ) Big foot . int . shoe department Frank and Jack work the shoe department , scout the endless row . frank see anything ? jack ( hold one up ) how about this ? frank Jack , for cry out loud . you bachelorhood 's show . ( see something ) ah , here we go . Frank grab a pretty blue pump and gesture to the salesman , who 's wait on a woman . frank hey ! do this come in black ? salesman I will be with you in a minute , sir . frank I do not have a minute , pal . yes or no ? salesman ( glower ) yes . they come in black . frank okay . give I a pair of nine . pronto . the salesman look casually at Jack . salesman do he want a pair , too ? int . dress department as Jack and Frank return to the dress department , Frank jettison the shoebox and tissue paper . frank all right , we get you shoe . just then , susie step out of the dress room . even Frank stop at the sight of she . susie what do you think ? frank uh ... good . susie ( turn to Jack ) Zip I up ? the dress be open down to the small of she back . it 's a nice back . Jack take the zipper and close the panel carefully . susie ( continue ) shoe ? frank right . Frank put the shoe down and susie step into they . susie they be tight . frank they be nine . susie well , they be aspire to be seven . frank you can buy new one tomorrow . susie oh , thanks . frank do not worry . we will take it out of you share . susie you be a prince . int . HOTEL as the trio rush into the hotel service entrance , ray , the assistant manager , appear . ray you better buy yourself a watch , frankie . frank we have a little emergency . ray yeah , well , I have get a little emergency . you know what I be say ? ( see susie ) who 's this , minnie Pearl ? all eye turn to susie 's dress , which still have the tag attach . frank ( move off ) Jesus . ray I want seventy - five minute , frankie . you hear I ? jack this be go well , be not it ? int . kitchen the three rush into the kitchen . frank we need scissors over here ! who 's get scissors ? ( turn to susie ) okay , remember . Jack and I go on first , I do the set - up , then introduce you . and you say ... susie ( deadpan ) good evening , lady and gentleman . I can not tell you how thrilled I be to be here . it 's like a dream come true . and speak of dream ... frank right . susie piece of cake . a tiny man in a apron walk up with a meat cleaver . frank carlos , that 's , a cleaver . I need scissors . carlo ( man ) no scissors . frank Jesus Christ . all right . let 's go , Jack . fix you tie . Jack and Frank exit . susie stare a little warily at carlos and he cleaver . int . lounge Jack and Frank slide quickly behind they pianos . about half the table in the room be fill . frank good evening , lady and gentleman . welcome to the ambassador Lounge . my name 's Frank Baker and no , you be not see double , it 's just my little brother , Jack . some laughter . frank ( continue ) I be glad you be all in such a good mood tonight , because we have get a very special evening plan ... int . kitchen susie sit on a stool while carlos position the dress tag on a cut board . as a waitress from the bar pass by , susie snare a drink from she tray . waitress hey ! susie just a sip . to kill the butterfly , okay ? waitress okay . but no lipstick . susie take a quick sip . susie there . no one 's the wiser . waitress Nice dress . as the waitress exit , carlos bring the cleaver down with a sharp chop , sever the tag . susie appreciate it , Ace . lounge the audience be laugh . frank but seriously , folk , as I sit here tonight , look out on all you kind face , I can not help but feel some of we have meet before . we may not know each other 's name , we might not recognize one another on the street , but we know each other just the same . and over the year we have share something . a little music , a little drink , a little laughter , maybe even ... a few tear . but I guess that 's what friend be for , huh ? applause . Jack put out he cigarette . jack oh , brother . frank and it 's especially nice to be among friend tonight , because , well , tonight 's a very special night for my brother and I . this evening we have ask a young lady to join we , a lady Jack and I be sure will soon seem like just another old friend to you all . she 's make she debut here this evening and , as far as I be concerned , she could not be do it in a better place . because there 's one place that 's always be for we a very special place , and that place be this place , the ambassador Lounge . lady and gentleman , please welcome a very special lady with a very special way of sing a song , miss susie diamond . applause . susie stride out of the kitchen , past the bus station , and up to the microphone stand , which , unfortunately , be not on . frank ( continue ; whisper ) the switch . hit the switch . susie switch ? ( as she hit it ) what fuck switch ? silence . susie ( continue ; very demure ) pardon I . Jack and Frank look at one another , then , before outrage can set in , plunge into the open number . susie take the mike from the stand and smile sweetly . susie ( continue ) I can not tell you how thrilled I be to be here . for the moment , the audience do not seem quite sure how thrilled they be to be here . susie ( continue ) I be all smile , darling through and through ... ' int . lobby a bellboy exit the elevator and , hearing susie 's voice come from the lounge , stop . he look to the clerk behind the front desk . bellboy I think the baker be on tonight . clerk they be . bellboy well , who 's that ? the clerk look up from the register and listen . clerk I do not know . Frank ? int . lounge judge from the face , susie 's as big a hit in the lounge as she be in the lobby . head throw back , eye close , she sing with abandon , finish on a long extend note , then swoop down in a dramatic , exhaust bow . there be a split second of silence , then thunderous applause . Magic . ext . HOTEL the new trio , fresh off they first gig , come out of the service entrance into the night . frank Fucking . she say fuck in front of a entire room of people . susie I say I be sorry . frank ( to Jack ) do you hear it ? jack Fucking . susie look , they be all on they third mai tais by the time I get out there anyway . frank ( directly to she ) Fucking . susie for Christ sake , I say it , I do not do it . ( pull out some bill ) besides , I do not think they be too offended , do you ? frank ( grab the bill ) give I that . susie hey ! frank we be not a saloon act . we do not take tip from dirty old man . susie ( innocent ) I be gonna split it with you guy . frank we do not take tip . I will apply this to the cost of the dress . Frank put the money in he pocket . susie stare at he , steaming . susie then I want my name on the poster . and my picture ! ( take off she shoe ) and this shoe be too goddamn tight ! susie hurl the shoe at Frank and stalk off barefoot . Jack be lean against the wall , watch it all with amusement . jack Nice girl . on Frank 's expression we hear the open note of " New York , New York " and we see : series of shot susie and the boy perform it in one lounge after another , play to increasingly enthusiastic audience , no empty table now . as the song end , we close on the cardboard stand - up , newly do over with a picture of susie and a accompany exclamation : " see the sensational susie diamond ! " as the final chord sound we -- CUT to : int . loyyyd office Jack and Frank , once again in the office of the supercilious Lloyd , wait as he prepare they cash envelope . lloyd yes , sir . that 's quite a girl you boy latch onto . she a local ? frank bear and breed . lloyd lucky for you . well , there you go , guy . do not spend it all in one place . oh ... you want to count it , Jack ? frank we trust you , Lloyd . you know that . Frank take the envelope and begin to leave . lloyd say , frankie . since I have get you here ... how 's next week look for you guy ? Frank glance at Jack , give it to he . Jack 's eye go cold . jack we will call you . as Lloyd 's face drop , Jack and Frank step into the hallway and begin to walk slowly away , play it cool , then glance at one another and begin to walk faster because they be about to burst out laugh . following shot by the time they reach the lobby , they be laugh , trip across the carpet , out the front entrance and onto the sidewalk , where they voice explode in the night air and they begin to do a weird boyish waltz together , laugh giddily , until they see - stand under a awning , lighting a cigarette - susie , watch they with raise eyebrow . Jack and Frank , freeze in a clumsy embrace , quickly disengage and begin clear they throat and squaring they cuff . susie exhales a plume of smoke , study they a moment , then smile slightly . susie night , baker . as she turn away , Jack glance up , watch she trim shadow disappear down the street . ext . CITY Gray and cold . the street sweep with rain . and once again the tentative piano : " jingle bell , jingle bell , jingle all the way . oh what fun it be to ride ... oh what fun it be to ride ... oh what fun ... " int . veterinary clinic Jack and Eddie be sit in the wait room : small and dirty and pack with pet owner and they animal . after a moment , a woman with a clipboard appear . woman barker . ( no taker ) jock barker ? jack ( realize it 's he ) Baker . Jack Baker . woman right . bring he back . jack come on , ed. Jack and Eddie follow the woman down a corridor . woman you should have bring a leash , Mr. barker . the doctor do not like to be bitten . jack he do not bite . woman they never do , Mr. barker . jack Baker . woman right . in there . the woman point Jack and Eddie into a small room . there be a examine table , a sink , and on the wall , a chart detail the various breed of dog and cat . Jack glance around the room , then come back to Eddie , who 's stare up at he . jack you shoulda brush , pal . just then , a man in a white coat breeze in . dr . beasley ( man ) ah , labradorus retreiverus . good fellow . quiet , but able to appreciate a good joke . Dr. beasley pat Eddie on the side , then turn to Jack . dr . beasley beasley . jack Baker . dr . beasley what 's we friend 's problem ? jack teeth . dr . beasley what 's wrong with they ? jack they be fall out . dr . beasley uh-oh . that 's not good . let 's get he up here . Jack lift Eddie up onto the table and Dr. beasley open Eddie 's mouth for a look . it do not take long . dr . beasley they gotta go . jack ( a take ) how many ? dr . beasley five 's my guess . maybe more . wo not know till I get in there . ( consulting he clipboard ) leave he now and you can pick he up in the morning . jack be not there something you can give he ? a pill or something ? dr . beasley decay unfortunately do not limit itself to the denture , Mr. Baker . it spread into he chest . then the heart go . we would not want that , would we ? jack how will he eat ? dr . beasley start he out on cottage cheese . if you have get he on kibble , just soak it a few minute . go down like pudding through a hot pipe . jack no bone ? dr . beasley no bone . Jack look at Eddie . jack what do you do to he ? dr . beasley do not worry , Mr. Baker . we will knock he out . he will not feel a thing . jack I think maybe I will bring he back next week ... dr . beasley the sooner we do this the better , Mr. Baker . ext . STREET Jack step out onto the rainy street alone . he glance back at the vet 's with second think , then move slowly off . int . jack apartment Jack enter with a small grocery bag and open the refrigerator . a carton of cream , a few egg -- there 's not much there . he take a small container of cottage cheese from the grocery bag and place it on a empty shelf . as he close the refrigerator door , he glance around the apartment . it be very still , very quiet . he look up at the ceiling absently , then walk over to the window and look out . there be a mug of coffee there on the sill . he take it and hold it in both hand for a moment , then place it back on the sill . he sit at the piano and run he finger lightly over the ivory , not make a sound , then place he hand on the key and begin to play . " jingle bell . " int . corner diner in the front window , room have be make among the photograph for one of susie . Inside , Jack , Frank and susie sit at a table , surround by empty coffee cup and cigarettes . Frank have several slip of paper before he with name and date . frank the twenty -third ... yeah , here it be . we get the carlton or the Plaza . four day turn . what do you think , Jack ? Jack be stare out the window . frank ( continue ) Jack , you with we ? susie the carlton 's a dump . no cover . no minimum . and they water they drink . it 's strictly for the fuller brush crowd . susie , as she say this , be pour sugar into she Coke . frank ( watch ) I guess it 's , the Plaza then . that bring we to the twenty - seventh . we get the avedon for three or the Park downtown for two . susie we take the avedon , right ? simple . Frank rub he chin and look at Jack . Jack shake he head . susie ( continue ) the Park ? it 's only two night . why throw away a night ? jack because blackie carson book the Park and whenever we have need a gig he 's come through . susie oh. ( lift she glass ) well , for blackie then . frank by the way , I get a messsage yesterday from some guy look for New Year 's action . Resort , upstate . susie ( like " resort ' ) hey . jack sound like a book agent look to book a easy fee . frank that 's what I figure . probably have we in a bed-and -breakfast play to the owl . susie maybe it 's legit . frank maybe . I will call he . jack make it collect . frank ( shuffle he slip ) that 's it except for the first . we get the Sheraton , the ambassador , or the holiday Inn on sixtieth . all three - day turn . Frank look at Jack . jack draw . susie shrug . susie how would you guy use to decide what gig to take ? Jack and Frank exchange a glance . frank uh , well ... we flip a coin . susie so find a dime . let 's get out of here . ext . diner Jack and Frank step out - of the diner and turn they collar up against the chill . Frank pull on a pair of glove . frank Jesus , it 's gonna be mean this year . where be you glove ? Jack shrug . frank ( continue ) better take care of you finger , little brother . buy yourself a case of arthritis and you will not be able to play ' chopstick . ' jack I will take my chance . Frank pat he hand together and glance into the street . frank something , huh ? all that bid . jack yeah . something . frank yeah ... well , I gotta go . jack you wanna get a drink ? Frank stop , surprised . frank no , I ... Little Frank 's get strep . donna 's be up two night make sure the rest of we do not get it . Jack nod . frank ( continue ) you all right ? jack yeah , fine . frank okay I will see you tomorrow night then . jack right . as Frank leave , he take a glance at he brother , then disappear around the corner . a second later , susie come out of the diner . susie where 's egghead ? jack his kid 's sick . susie ( search she purse ) I do not know . it 's hard figure you two as brother . seem like the hospital might have scramble the baby somewhere . jack he take after we mother . susie yeah , well , a 11 I know be mother nature must be one crazy dame . shit . Jack offer he pack of cigarettes . susie uh-uh . I never touch american cigarettes . ( still search ) what 's tomorrow again ? jack the stratford . susie Nice place . fulla velvet . even the bedspread . ( shaking the purse ) damn ! two-fifty a pack and I go through them like toothpick . twelve - and -a-half cent a piece , you believe that ? jack huh ? susie Paris opal . twelve - and -a-half cent . I sit down with a pencil and add it one day . but I figure , if you be gonna be stick something in you mouth , you might as well make it the best . ( find one ) ah , here 's a lose soul . Jack light it . she take a draw . susie ( continue ) mmm . like kissing a rise . well , au revoir . jack hey . ( as she stop ) you feel like a cup of coffee ? susie you kid ? we must have kill three pot in there . anyway , I gotta get home . Rest the pipe . jack you want I to walk you ? susie look at Jack a little funny . susie no . thanks . she start to move away , then stop and look back . susie ( continue ) hey , listen . you be not go soft on I , be you ? I mean , you be not gonna start dream about I and waking up all sweaty and look at I like I be some kinda princess when I burp . jack forget it . susie I mean , that would be too creepy . with we work together and all . jack forget it . susie nothing personal -- Jack hold up he hand . susie just stand there . jack better hurry . you be a nickel down on you cigarette . ext . veterinary clinic Jack pace outside the veterinary clinic , rub he arm against the night 's chill . he glance up at the flicker sign over the building : " twenty - four hour emergency Care . " Inside , a kid with deep - set eye be bent over a magazine . Jack hesitates then enter . int . veterinary clinic kid yeah ? Jack glance around , ill at ease . kid ( continue ) you want something , pal ? if you be look for a bathroom , try the Super Chief around the corner . the kid go back to he magazine . jack no , I , uh , leave a dog here this morning . he need some work on he mouth . kid regular hour be eight to five . jack yeah , yeah , I know . I be just pass by . think I would check in on he . kid you can check in on he tomorrow . between eight and five . jack yeah , well , could not I take a look now ? the kid look up at Jack with mild contempt . kid you want to know if he 's okay . right ? jack ( uncomfortable ) yeah . kid all right . hold on . jack the name 's Baker -- kid save it . what 's he look like ? jack ( puzzle ) Black . labrador . kid all right . they lay the dead one out in the cold room . I will take a look . the kid disappear into the back . Jack stand freeze , watch the swinging door come to rest . he look like a man who , unexpectedly , find a razor press to he neck . he fumble for a cigarette , but do not light it . he wait . a moment later , the door swing open . kid nope . just a couple poodle . Jack nod , then , move stiffly , leave . ext . veterinary clinic outside , he reach into he coat and take the bottle . int . jack apartment on the floor , a long line of bowl , each contain a different concoction , all intend for the ail Eddie . Eddie , lie a few foot away , show no interest . in the kitchen , Jack be heating something up in a pan . nina I try cheerios this morning . he do not even get up . maybe they take out the wrong tooth . jack he 's just feel sorry for himself . this be it , pal . hear I ? two buck a can . Jack dump some brown slop into a bowl and place it next to the other . Nina and he wait . at first , nothing , then ... Eddie 's eye move . his nose twitches . his head lift . finally , he get up and walk to the bowl . he eat . jack ( continue ) chili . CITY drape in winter . Dark sky , people lose in heavy coat , the city 's batter Christmas decoration hang tenuously across traffic-clogged street . over it all we hear " jingle bell , " played for the first time completely through , hesitantly but without error . as the song end , we be : int . jack apartment watch Nina strike the final chord triumphantly . she turn to Jack , who 's be listen from the couch . jack ( nodd to the ceiling ) you be gonna knock she dead , kid . int . luau lounge all do up in red and green for christam eve. Jack , Frank and susie -- each deck out in they own little Santa hat -- perform " Silver bell " for the happy crowd . Jack , smoking a cigarette , will not be mistaken for Santa Claus , but susie look adorable . Frank just look happy . as they finish , the crowd applaud . int . bathroom Jack , now san Santa hat , enter the bathroom off the lobby and find Santa Claus stand in front of the mirror , fussing with he beard . jack hey , Frank . frank you recognize I . jack just a lucky guess . frank so what do you think ? jack very realistic . frank ( not buy it ) yeah , well , what can I say ? dad must have have forty pound on I . Jesus , you remember he be this big ? Jack look in the mirror . jack yeah . frank well , the line 's grow weaker , little brother . lucky for we there be not any dragon leave to slay . int . lobby Jack and Frank step out into the lobby , thus give a few people , susie among they , the curious privilege of see Santa Claus exit a man 's room . frank you want to come out to the house tomorrow ? the way the booking be pile up , donna 's decide to really lay it on . Turkey , stuff , the whole bit . Kitchen 's so full of food you can hardly move . we could use another appetite . jack thanks , but I have get plan . frank all right , but if you change you mind , let I know . I gotta go get ma in the morning anyway . susie ( come up ) well , well . Ho , ho , ho . you moonlight at macy , Frank ? frank for the kid . ( move off ) merry Christmas , you two . do not forget . we leave the twenty -sixth . Frank push through the revolve door and step out into the street in he Santa suit . susie he do that every year ? jack every year . susie be not the kid asleep ? jack every year . susie so why 's he do it ? jack I guess in case one year they be not . Jack look into susie 's eye , then cross to the door and exit . susie watch he go , then turn to the desk clerk . susie call I a cab , will ya ? int . jack apartment as Jack enter he apartment , he sense a presence in the room and look over to the old phone booth . Nina be sit inside on the little stool , she head tilt against the glass . Jack study she a moment , then take the carton of eggnog he 's carry into the kitchen and grab a pair of glass . he pull a chair over to the phone booth and sit down . nina how would the show go ? jack okay . how would yours go ? nina not so good . Jack look at Nina 's face , tender and young in the soft shadow of the booth . after a moment , she eye shift to the carton in he hand . nina eggnog ? Jack nod . nina ( continue ) from hurley 's ? jack eighty proof . what d'ya say ? think you can handle it ? Nina nod . Jack begin to fill the two glass . nina Jack . jack yeah ? nina can I stay here tonight ? even if she come here ? Jack pause a moment , then close the carton and set it aside . jack sure . he hand Nina she glass , then take he own . nina merry Christmas , Jack . jack merry Christmas . int . jack apartment - next morning Jack and Nina be stand in the middle of the room , look down at something . nina what do you think ? Eddie , outfit in a brand new , spanking red dog sweater , stare up at Jack and Nina , wonder why he 's the object of so much attention . jack very cool . ext . cemetery - jack , nina and eddie ( sport he new sweater ) make they way across a empty cemetery . Nina be swinging a bottle of whiskey . nina ( look around ) there be more flower last year . Mr. rinaldi down at the drugstore say it 's go to snow by New Year 's . say he can feel it in he elbow . I hope it snow . I want to make a snowman . you ever make a snowman , Jack ? jack sure . nina that 's what I want to do . I want to make a snowman . as they come to a plot of ground , they stop . there be two match headstone , one for Jack 's father , fully engrave , and another for Jack 's mother , bear only she name . Jack study the plot a moment , then crouch before he father 's marker : " andrew S. baker . adoring husband of Eleanor , love Father of Franklin and John . " Jack brushes some dirt from the face of the stone , then stand . nina ( continue ) now ? Jack nod . Nina uncap the whiskey bottle and pour it onto the dead man 's grave . nina ( continue ) merry Christmas , Mr. Baker . they stand another moment , just look , then turn away . as they begin to walk , Jack see Eddie in he new sweater sniff at a gravestone . jack hey , Eddie . have some respect , will ya ? ext . build Jack be sit on a suitcase in front of he building . a moment later , Frank pull the car up to the curb and Jack get in . susie be sit up front . int . car Frank , burn with the afterglow of a holiday spend with family , cheerfully maneuver the car through the city . frank so. how be everyone 's Christmas ? Jack and susie stare disconsolately out the window . frank ( continue ) too early , huh ? well , there 's coffee and donut for whoever want they . how about a maple bar , Jack ? Jack shake he head and take out a cigarette . frank ( continue ) uh , Jack ... if you do not mind . Jack stare at the back of Frank 's head , then put the cigarette away . susie take a peek in the donut bag and look a little sick . frank ( continue ) by the way , if anyone get bored , donna pack some travel game . they work wonder with the kid . Frank reach under the seat and hand susie a sack full of magnetic game , puzzle , and plastic cube . frank ( continue ) you two could play checker . susie maybe we should just listen to the radio . frank sorry . it only play static . susie look at the radio , then at the game in she hand . susie how long do you say it take to get to this place ? int . car - few hour later Jack be stare out the window at the winter landscape , a unlit cigarette dangle from he lip . susie be gnaw on a donut , deeply obsessed with a elaborate plastic puzzle . frank any more coffee ? susie snap out of she trance and shake the thermos . susie uh-uh . hey , what 's this ? susie notice a old , leather - bound ledger . Inside , there be hundred of tiny entry . susie ( continue ) you play all this place ? frank Baker 's unabridge . susie Jesus , you fella have make a lot of noise . what 's with the star ? frank virgin . susie virgin ? frank first time . hey , look at this . a crepe-cover car surround by several other honking vehicle pass by . Jack stare at the beam newlywed as they glide past he window , two kid start life in a beat - up eldorado cover with toilet paper . frank ( continue ) when 's the last time we play a wedding , Jack ? jack two year ago . March . susie ( consulting the ledger ) he 's right . frank he 's always right . go ahead . pick a virgin . susie look at Frank curiously . frank ( continue ) go ahead . susie ( scan the book ) okay . the fantasy inn. frank Jack ? jack ( stare out the window ) November . ' 71 . frank first night ? jack day. Wednesday . frank last ? jack Sunday . susie I do not believe it . frank I tell you , he 's get the gift . same with music . hear it once and he 's get it . Frank smile into the rear view mirror . frank ( continue ) my brilliant little brother . ext . HOTEL the hotel , do in a sort of King Arthur motif , be build right on the ocean . Frank guide the car down a simulate cobblestone drive and the three get out . frank will you listen to that ocean ? it 's loud . Frank take a deep breath . frank ( continue ) and how about this air ? I be tell you , a few day in this place will put five year on you life . susie smell like fish . frank of course it smell like fish . we be on the ocean . what would you expect , chanel number five ? susie ( to herself ) smell like tuna number two to I . frank it 's paradise . that 's what it be . paradise . as susie and Jack follow Frank up the drive , Jack notice the beat - up eldorado in the parking lot , its toilet paper streamer blow gently in the ocean breeze . int . HOTEL lobby the lobby be do in royal red and blue and there be a lot of sword on the wall . franks step up to the front desk . frank hi , we be the fabulous Baker boy . clerk glad to meet you . I be terrific Tom . frank no . we be the entertainment . tom ( clerk ) oh , right , gotcha . you get bag ? frank outside . Blue chevy . tom ( ringing a bell ) cyril . chevy . Blue . take them up to the guinevere suite . a lanky boy in velvet jodhpur and high stocking amble out for the bag . Tom hand Frank the room key . tom ( continue ) right on the ocean , Mr. Baker . you can practically dangle you toe in the water . int . suite Tom be not kid . the immediacy of the ocean beyond the window be almost scary . frank you believe this ? I be tell you , we be get away with murder . two show a night and the rest of the time we live like king . it 's a crime . Jack stare at the ocean , then at the two bed place side by side . suddenly susie come through the bathroom . susie hey , we be connect . frank great . susie great ? frank yeah . susie shrug and return to she room through the bathroom . jack I think we have separate room . frank ( open drawer ) we do . she 's get hers , we have get ours . hey. wash and dry . jack I think we all have separate room . frank come on , Jack . it 's not like it 's the first time we have bunk together . it will be like when we be kid . relax . enjoy the view . int . dine room Jack , Frank and susie be in the dining room , which , like they room , look out over the ocean . dinner be over and they be well through a second bottle of wine . susie you be kid I . frank as Charlie steinway be my witness . susie Peggy Lee ? frank tell she . jack she be stay at the Grand downtown ... frank it be April . April seventeenth . that one I remember . jack we be play the lounge one night and she come in . frank pearl . White gown . beautiful . jack Frank ask if she would sit in for a song , she say yes , and we do a few bar . frank a few bar ! susie what would she sing ? frank people . ' you think streisand , right ? hot that night . chill . through the whole audience . I could hardly play . susie wow . you ever see she again ? frank no . we get a picture , though . one of the waitress have a camera . ( to Jack ) God , we be just kid . that be something , be not it ? Jack nod . Frank shake he head , still lose in the spring evening year before , then notice the newlywed sit across the room . frank ( continue ) hey , will you look at that ? susie they must have buy the same map we do . frank what do you say we send a bottle over ? susie I do not believe it . you be a romantic , Frank . jack he 's drunk . frank not true . besides , Jack 's the romantic . susie oh yeah ? frank he 's just afraid to show it . be not you , little brother ? jack have some more wine , Frank . frank good idea . ( lift he glass ) to Peggy Lee . int . bathroom Frank , stand , dress in pajamas . Jack be stare out the window at the darkness . frank I be put my stuff on the right , okay ? jack okay . frank I figure that way we will not get confuse . jack right . frank unless you want the right . jack no , you take the right . frank we might as well do the towel the same way . jack okay . frank I just figure thing will go smoother , you know , if we have it all work out from the beginning . jack good idea . frank but if it do not work out , let I know . I be , flexible . jack right . Frank nod and move to the bed . jack ( continue ; be : the bathroom light ) you leave that on ? frank yeah . jack all night ? frank yeah . jack we be gonna be here a week ? frank ( puzzle ) yeah . jack so you be gonna leave it on . every night . for a week . frank yeah . you mind ? jack why would I mind ? frank I do not know . I mean , I always do it as a kid . I figure it be no big deal . be it ? a big deal ? Jack just stare at Frank . frank ( continue ) oh. I do not know . I mean , I always do it as a kid . it be never a big deal then . be it ? Jack just stare at Frank . frank ( continue ) oh. well . you want I to turn it off ? Jack just stare at Frank . frank ( continue ) I will turn it off . Jack turn back to the window . jack forget it . it 's no big deal . int . dine room - day the next morning . Jack and Frank be stand in a huge dining room , appraise two elegant grand . frank they be beauty , huh ? Jack step up to one and run he hand over the key . frank ( continue ) remind I of that steinway Willie use to have . Frank tap a few note on he piano , hum happily . Jack begin to echo he brother 's note , listen . after a moment , Frank notice . frank ( continue ) what ? int . dine room a short , stubby little man in a charcoal suit stride into the dining room , follow by terrific Tom . mr. daniel ( little man ) good morning , gentleman . I be Mr. Daniels , the manager . I believe I have speak to one of you on the phone . frank ( offer he hand ) that would be I , sir . Frank Baker . this be my brother Jack . Jack , slouched against the piano , smoking , nod . mr. daniel Tom here tell I there 's a problem with the pianos . we be assure they be in tune . frank yes , well , they be . mr. daniel then I be afraid I do not understand . frank they be in tune . but not with each other . mr. daniel be that important ? frank uh , well ... jack yes . it 's important . Frank glance nervously at Jack . mr. daniel Tom , who be we deal with on this ? tom a Mr. reynold , sir . but he 's go on vacation . I call this morning . mr. daniel well , gentleman , I do not know what to say . not be a musician myself I find it difficult to grasp the magnitude of this . I do not suppose there 's any way you could just ... accommodate . jack accommodate ? I do not think I know what you mean . frank I think what Mr. Daniels be try to say , Jack , be -- jack why do not we let Mr. Daniels tell we what he 's try to say . mr. daniel I assure you , Mr. Baker , no offense be intend . I simply mean , well , we be not a symphony , be we ? int . hallway Frank dog Jack down a hallway . frank Jack ... Jack ... you be act like a kid . jack no , that 's you problem , Frank . you get around one of this asshole and you turn into a fuck three - year-old . frank what 's the matter with you ? so the piano 's a little out of tune . so what ? jack ( stop ) Christ , can not you hear it ? frank no ! I never hear it ! ( shaking he head ) maybe . sometimes . I do not know . but I will not let it bother I . jack do not it matter to you ? frank what matter to I be we have get the six easiest night we have have in ten year . so ' tie a yellow ribbon ' sound a little flat . so what ? nobody 's gonna hear it , Jack . nobody . so why should you care ? jack because I can hear it . frank well , then stuff cotton in you ear , because come six o'clock we be gonna walk into that dining room with smile on . understand , little brother ? int . HOTEL room Frank be adjust he tie in the bathroom mirror . Jack , sit at the window , he foot up against the glass , drink from a flask as the sky above the ocean go dark . after a moment , susie enter wear a little tuxedo of she own and begin to brush she hair . susie hey , fella . what 's the word ? nothing . susie ( continue ) what 's with you two ? frank Jack wake up on the wrong side of the bottle . susie look at Jack . then Frank . susie 0 - kay . int . lounge as Jack , Frank and susie perform " stranger in the night , " dozen of couple move slowly on the dance floor , while other sit at candle - light table , sip cocktail . as the song end , the couple applaud . frank thank you , thank you . ( as applause die ) you know , susie and Jack and I only just arrive here yesterday , but already the people here at the King Corporation 's moorish manor have make we feel , well , a part of the family . and it 's they hope that , before you leave , everyone of you will feel a part of that family also . so , if during - the next few day , we should happen to pass one another in the hallway or in the lobby or wherever ... do not be a stranger . stop . say hello . introduce yourself . because here , there be no stranger , only friend . and family . right , Jack ? jack right . I love you , Frank . frank ( stunne ) what ? jack I love you . I just want to say it . Frank stare incredulously at Jack . frank uh , well , I love you , too , Jack . ( move quickly along ) so. susie . how ' bout it . susie huh ? frank get another song for we ? susie oh. yeah . I gotta bunch of they . frank well then ... shall we ? backstage Frank corner Jack as they exit the stage . susie look around nervously to see if anyone 's watch . frank ( whisper ) what 's the matter with you ? jack I be sorry , Frank . all that talk about family . I just get emotional . frank how dare you say you love I . jack it will not happen again . scout 's honor . susie what 's with you guy ? frank someone need to grow up . I will not take it , Jack . jack sure you will . Jack push past Frank and leave . Frank watch he go , then turn to leave himself . int . bathroom Middle of the night . Jack , fully clothed , be sit on the rim of the tub , smoking . susie enter . susie oh , sorry . with the light always on , it 's hard to tell . jack it 's okay . ( the cigarette ) last one . susie can not sleep ? jack in and out . susie it 's the wave . God 's music , my mother use to say . she be crazy for the ocean . jack yeah , well , I wish God would go a little easy on the trumpet . susie how 's egghead ? jack like a baby . you ? susie in and out . Jack nod . susie look at he carefully . susie ( continue ) if you want , I get a pack in the room . jack no thanks . I never touch french cigarettes . int . lobby - day the next morning . as Jack pass through the lobby , he hear the plaintive plinking of a piano . curious , he go to the dining room and peer in . the table have yet to be set for the evening and , except for Frank , the room be empty . jack what the hell be you do ? frank ( not look up ) what 's it look like I be do ? I be tuning a goddamn piano . jack really . frank yes , really . I do not want you to be unhappy , Jack . if you say it 's out of tune , it 's out of tune . Jack smile to himself and cross the room . jack how 's it come ? frank Fine . jack how long you be at it ? frank ( shrugging ) half-hour . once I finish this octave I be gonna get breakfast . you see what 's on the buffet ? jack they stop serve two hour ago . frank two hour ago ! jack time fly , huh ? Frank look despairingly at the pianos . jack ( continue ) I could give you a hand . if you want . int . dine room - day Jack and Frank be eat lunch . Frank have a tiny stack of blue card he 's peruse . he hold one out to Jack . frank what do you make that ? paruchi ? Jack nod . Frank continue to go through the card as he speak . frank ( continue ) you have not see susie , have you ? jack no . why ? frank just wonder what she 's up to . I never see she . make I nervous . jack she 's a big girl . frank yeah , well , she 's we girl now . I think we better keep a eye on she . there 's trouble there . ( another card ) hey , listen to this . ethel and bert Lane . married seventy - five year . you believe that ? jack what the hell be this ? frank dedication . I come up with the idea on the road . see , every morning the maid drop one of this card in each room . the guest fill out the card , leave it at the front desk , and that night we play it . Daniels go crazy for the idea . ( whisper ) and that 's not all . last night , after the nine o'clock , he corner I , right , and start ask about we availability . like he want to line something up . I think he 's get a hard - on for susie . woman Excuse I . Frank jump . a woman in a bright flower gift shop dress poke she head in . woman I be sorry to interrupt , but when I see you sit here , I just have to come over . Florence simmon . frank uh ... Frank Baker . this be my brother . florence simmon ( woman ) oh , I know , I know . my husband and I see you play last night and it 's the most remarkable thing . frank oh. well , thank you . florence simmon no , I mean you . ( to Jack ) I have a brother - in - law who look exactly like you . exactly . you do not happen to have a huckleberry in you family tree , do you ? jack afraid not . florence simmon well , it 's frightening . you could be he twin . of course , he do not have you talent . musically , I mean . he sharpen thing for a live . lawn mower blade , kitchen knife , anything with a edge . can imagine ? Jack be have a hard time imagine Florence simmon . florence simmon ( continue ) well , anyway , I just have to make sure there be no relation . you play wonderfully . both of you . Florence simmon give a little flutter of a wave and exit . frank funny , huh ? jack what ? frank think there 's someone who look like you , walk around the street somewhere . ( smile ) wonder if I see he I would think it be you ? ext . HOTEL - day Jack be stand on the walkway that encircle the hotel , watch the wave tumble into one another . as he start to take out a cigarette , he notice Florence simmon stand a few yard away with a camera . florence simmon I just know my sister will not believe I . do you mind ? Jack shake he head and Florence start to aim the camera . florence simmon I really hate to impose . it 's just that the resemblance be so extraordinary . ( focus ) I wonder if you could turn this way so you face be not in the shadow . as Jack turn , he glance over Florence 's sway shoulder and see susie and a man stand at the other end of the walkway . they be lean into the wind , she hair blow free , brush the man 's face . florence simmon say cheese . the camera click . florence simmon ( continue ) gotcha . would you like a copy for yourself ? the hotel develop . Jack glance away from susie and the man . jack no. on Jack 's expression applause be hear and a moment later we -- CUT to : int . dine room - night that evening . the trio have just finish a song and that on the dance floor be clap . frank thank you . you know , before we come out here this evening , susie and Jack and I be look over you dedication and something strike we . susie and Jack look at Frank as if they have no idea what he 's talk about . frank ( continue ) we realize that , well , we be really not so different from one another after all . oh sure , we may be at different point in we journey , but we all travel pretty much the same road . and so , with that in mind , we would like to introduce you to two very special couple . first , marry for all of two day , please say hello to helen and Bud Wilson . helen . Bud . that stand on the dance floor applaud as the young couple from the beat - up eldorado make they way to the front of the room . frank ( continue ) and now , we second couple . I be talk about ethel and bert Lane , lady and gentleman . now , ethel and bert would be upset with I if I tell you they would be marry for fifty year . why ? because , lady and gentleman , ethel and bert Lane have be marry for seventy - five year ! the audience let go with a audible " ooh " and applaud enthusiastically . frank ( continue ) ethel , bert . get up here and show this kid how it 's do . a path be clear and a tiny couple begin to make they way to the dance floor . frank ( continue ) be not they a sight ? they be indeed , and a sight slower get to the dance floor than Frank anticipate . he nod to Jack and they launch into " the anniversary waltz , " but have to keep repeat the open passage while they wait for ethel and bert . finally , everyone on the dance floor step back and , with some help from a few waiter , who slide a section of table out of the way , ethel and bert Lane begin to dance in the center of the room , slowly but wonderfully , while the young couple whirl around they like a youthful satellite . int . bathroom Jack be sit in the bathroom again , smoking . he hear susie 's door open , then voice -- hers and a man' . he put out he cigarette in the sink and leave . int . HOTEL corridor - day the next morning . Frank , the early bird , be return to the room with a newspaper under he arm . whistle happily , he round the corner just in time to see a man exit susie 's room . astonish , then outrage , he go to susie 's door and knock sharply . susie ( open door ) forget you tie , handsome ... Frank ! frank you want to tell I what the hell 's go on ? susie huh ? frank I just see a man walk out of you room . susie uh ... frank in case you have forget , we be be pay to be here . so it might be nice if you conduct yourself with a certain amount of decency . susie decency ? hey listen , pal ... frank no . you listen . I have my doubt about you from the beginning jack hey ! Frank and susie turn . Jack be stand in the hallway . jack ( continue ) what be you try to do ? wake up the whole goddamn hotel ? frank we be just have a little discussion about morality . susie some discussion . frank I just see a man walk out of you room ! jack you see wrong . frank huh ? jack he 's with the hotel . I call he . frank what be you talk about ? jack we have a leak in the bathroom . he fix it . frank he be wear a suit . jack he have to come quickly . it be a big leak . frank how come I do not hear anything ? jack you be a heavy sleeper , Frank . you have always - be a heavy sleeper . ( look at susie ) unlike I . Frank look at Jack , then susie . frank I guess I ... if I jump to ... susie forget it . the three stand there awkwardly for a moment . frank well ... Frank shrug lamely and exit . susie Boy , he come on like a hurricane in the morning , do not he ? Jack just stare at she . susie ( continue ) yeah , well , thanks for stick you head in . jack hey , business be business . he turn to leave . susie 's eye narrow . susie it be not business . it be pleasure . jack just dinner and dance , right ? int . dine room Jack , Frank and susie be sit at a table in the smaller dining room . it be conspicuously quiet . the main course seem to be a conscious attempt to ignore each other . finally , susie look at Frank . then Jack . then out the window . susie paradise . int . HOTEL room - night Jack and Frank 's room . it be New Year 's Eve , just before show time , and Jack and Frank be in they tux . Frank be on the phone . frank ( into phone ) yes , daddy promise . I will bring you one of the little glass , how 's that ? just like grandma have . it have a picture of the hotel on it and everything ... no , honey , they do not sell puppy here ... who ? ... well , we will see . let I talk to mommy , okay ?... okay , sweetheart . happy New year. ( wait ) hi , honey . she say Angela secoli get a puppy for Christmas . explain to she why we can not ... I do not know , tell she you be allergic ... it 's not lie . well , okay , it be lie , but ... all right , then tell she I will explain it ... he what ? ... no kid ? without the training wheel ? ( affect by this ) well , that 's great . tell he , tell he . I can not wait to see ... no , no new bike . maybe for he birthday ... okay . listen , honey , I have to go . we be on in ten minute ... yeah , happy New Year ... I love you ... Frank set the phone down and stare at it . Jack study he a moment , then Frank suddenly clap he hand . frank ( continue ) well , let 's go . the public wait . int . dine room - night a mass of swarm , jubilant people . the voice be high and loud and there 's not a hand without a champagne glass . couple lean into one another intimately , dance gaily between the table , toast stranger without hesitation . frank ( yell to be hear ) all right , everyone . this be it . let 's hear it . ten. nine ... gradually , the entire room join the chant . frank / everyone eight . seven. six. five. four. Three . two ! one ! happy new year ! there be a blizzard of confetti as people scramble to find that certain someone to kiss in the new year . in this moment , Jack , Frank and susie find themselves oddly remove from the frantic cheer below they , they presence suddenly unnecessary , forget . finally , susie walk over to Frank and give he a kiss , then go to Jack . they hesitate , then kiss lightly , pull away and glance awkwardly into each other 's eye . Frank sound the first chord of " auld lang syne " and susie look away from Jack and return to she place on the stage . as she begin to sing , the other in the room , all intimate friend for one brief moment , begin to sing with she . susie / everyone lest old acquaintance be forget ... as the voice slowly fade , they be join by the sound of the ocean until the ocean be all we hear and we see : int . HOTEL room - night Jack , lie on he bed in the dark . he open he eye , squinting against the light from the bathroom , then glance over to Frank 's bed and detect the outline of a body in the darkness . swing he leg over the side , he sit up on the edge of the bed and rub he eye . suddenly there be a rustle of blanket and the shadow in the next bed shift , fall into the shaft of light cast from the bathroom . it be a little boy . startle , Jack stare at the sleep boy , then hear movement in the bathroom . rising slowly , he walk to the bathroom and gently ease the door open a few inch . Inside , swim murkily in the steamy mirror , be the reflection of a man . his back be to Jack , but Jack can see that the man be shave . as Jack let he gaze drop to the floor , he see that water be drip off the man 's pant cuff and gather in pool on the bathroom floor ... Jack wake up . he stare at the ceiling , listen to the wave , then lift he head and look to the bathroom . it be dark . turn , he glance at Frank 's bed . it 's empty . int . dine room Dark and soundless . balloon , streamer and the other debris of revelry cover the table and floor like snow . Frank be sit at the window , drink as he stare at the ocean . as Jack cross the room , he look up . frank ah , well , if it be not the lad with the golden ear . happy New Year , little brother . jack what be you do down here ? frank celebrate . join I ? jack the party 's over . frank no , you be wrong . it 's just beginning . come on , have a drink . show you big brother how it 's do . Frank pour he a glass . Jack notice the bottle . jack expensive hangover . frank a gift . courtesy of we courteous hotel manager , Mr. Daniels . ( toast Jack ) we , dear brother , be a fuck smash . ( nodd ) yup . they want we back . Easter . it seem they have this egg hunt every year . only not for kid . adult . they stuff this plastic egg with timex and little certificate for free mai tais and everyone have a grand time crawl around on the front lawn . then afterwards , they have a dance . a egg dance . everyone come dress in a different color shell and at the end of the evening they crack themselves open . it 's we job to separate the yolk from the white . slippery business . Frank smile as he take a swallow of he drink , then lean he head back , stare at the ceiling . frank ( continue ) you know , I have never kiss my wife on New Year 's . not once in twelve year . Jack study Frank as he stare at the ceiling . frank the holmby have a chandelier like that do not it ? with the blue glass . Jack look up at the chandelier . jack the Royal . frank right . the Royal . when 's the last time we be there ? jack couple year . frank February ? jack April . frank right . it 's incredible how you do that . remember thing . jack a useless talent . frank drive I crazy when we be kid . the way you never look at the music . miss Simpson would just play it and ... Frank snap he finger . jack they be simple song . frank not for I . I still have to look at the music sometimes , you know that ? otherwise , I forget . I just forget . but you . you never forget . ever. ( turn ) so how come you could not remember ma 's birthday ? jack I tell you . it 's a useless talent . Frank study Jack a moment , then stare out at the ocean . frank God , the old man would have love this view , would not he ? jack yeah . frank I always think of he on New Year 's . how he use to pour we each half a can of beer . remember ? jack you always throw up . frank yeah , and you drank yours like it be orange juice . he love that about you . jack he be just have fun . frank it be like you would pass some test , you know ? jack it be just a can of beer , Frank . frank yeah , but he tell you thing . he never tell I anything . even though I be the oldest . it be always you two , run off , do thing together . jack you could have come . frank I could have . but he do not want I to . jack you be make thing up , Frank . frank maybe so. ( pause ) you ever go back there ? where it happen . Jack stare at the angry sea , loud even through the thick glass . jack no. ext . HOTEL - day the next morning . Jack be sit outside the hotel , watch helen and bud wilson pack up the eldorado . the streamer , by now turn to mush , cling like oatmeal to the car 's exterior . after a moment , Frank exit with a little bag from the gift shop and pull out a tiny souvenir shot glass . frank want one ? Jack shake he head . frank ( continue ) ah well , the kid will break a couple anyway . suddenly , across the parking lot , the voice of the newlywed be hear . bud give I the key . helen you be not go to drive . bud give I the key ! helen you be not go to drive ! bud it 's my goddamn car ! helen it 's we goddamn car ! bud give I the key . helen no . Bud hesitates , then make a rush for he wife , but she 's too quick and run to the other side of the car . frustrate , he begin to run around the car like a madman , try to catch she . finally , when he get close , she dart off , sprinting across the parking lot . frank I think I will warm up the car . overview - CITY cold , dark , dangerous , but somehow look quite appeal after a week in paradise . int . car - night the trio , look road - weary , be park in front of Jack 's building . it be very late . frank that take care of this week . the tenth we get the Sheraton , the sixteenth we be at the capri . jack the tenth 's out . frank what ? jack I can not make the tenth . frank what do you mean ? jack I mean maybe you should check with we before you go off and book we a month in advance . frank be reasonable , Jack . jack I play two hundred night a year with you , Frank . how much more reasonable you expect I to be ? Jack get out of the car . Frank shake he head in exasperation , then look to susie . frank how about you ? get a bar mitzvah this weekend ? susie ( distract ) huh ? frank forget it . int . jack apartment Jack let himself in and close the door quietly . in the darkness he can make out Nina and Eddie , curl up on the couch , asleep . above they , hang carefully on a string , be some paper letter : " welcome home . " int . lounge in a lounge whol basic decor make abundant use of several historical era but which might best be describe as modern pilgrim , Jack , susie and Frank perform " feeling , " while waiter in huge Paul revere hat pass in and out of view . susie feeling ... wo will will ... feeling ... wo will will ... feeling ... kitchen Jack , Frank and susie exit the lounge to applause . susie I can not sing it anymore . frank what ? susie that song . I can not sing it anymore . I be gonna get sick . frank what be you talk about ? they love it . susie I be gonna throw up , Frank . I mean it . let 's drop it for the ten o'clock , okay ? frank ( as to a child ) susie . it 's one more show . one more time . that 's all . susie and two more time tomorrow night , and two more time the next night , and the next night and the next night and the next night . Frank , I can not sing that fuck song anymore ! she 's yell . the kitchen worker be glance over . Jack study she as she try to calm herself . susie ( continue ) I need some air . ext . HOTEL a few minute later . Jack come out of the hotel and see susie pace . he sit down and watch she for a moment . jack you be gonna wear down that heel if you do not give it a rest . she stop . jack ( continue ) relax . we will drop the song . susie guess I get a little scattered . jack it 's a shitty song . susie nod and look up at the glitter hotel . susie how do you do it ? every night ? jack practice . ( pause ) there be worse song , you know . not many , but a few . susie nod . Jack study she . something 's on she mind . susie listen ... ( look into he eye ) nothing . int . jack apartment - dusk a record be spin on Jack 's phonograph as the sun go down outside he window . as we move away from the phonograph and past the window , we find Jack at the piano , play along with the record , lose in concentration . ext . build - continuous action susie be work on a Paris opal , pace , occasionally glance up at Jack 's apartment , where the music can be hear faintly . after a moment , she drop she cigarette on the sidewalk . there be half a dozen other already there . int . jack apartment the record finish , but the needle do not pick up , bump into the label . Jack glance at the clock next to he and get up . he put on a jacket , then take a pair of glove and pull they on carefully . ext . build as Jack come out of he building , susie stop pace , surprised . Jack , wear the same look of concentration he have at the piano , do not see she and turn down the other end of the street . susie start to call after he , but stop . ext . jazz club - night the sun be go now and the moon be in the sky . we see the hot neon exterior of a tiny jazz club . int . club - night Jack be sit in the shadow near the stage , where a trio be play . he have a drink in front of he , but it be untouched . after a moment , the trio finish and the pianist , a huge black man name henry , nod to the applause . henry thank you . as most of you know , we like to shake thing up here every so often just to keep you people on you toe . so I be gonna take a little rest , grab myself a drink , and let a old friend sit in . he drop by about once a year just to keep he hand clean . lady and gentleman . Jack Baker . Jack rise to polite applause and shake Henry 's hand . as he settles behind the piano , he sit for a moment , not move , then nod to the two man behind he . as they begin to play , we recognize the music from the record . Jack wait , then bring he hand to the key . as he play , he face be suddenly calm . peaceful . ext . club - night later . Jack come out of the club and into the night , lighting a cigarette as he move up the street . susie ( o.s. ) you be good . Jack stop . susie . jack I can keep the beat . susie better than that . Jack 's face go a little cold , but he say nothing , beginning to walk again . susie what 's the matter ? jack nothing . susie what would I say ? jack nothing . susie you be upset . jack I be not upset . susie all I say be you be good . jack ( stop ) look . you do not know good . all right ? susie what 's that suppose to mean ? jack it mean you would not know good if it come up and fuck you . susie you be good . jack let 's make a deal . you shut up . susie you be good . jack ( exasperate ) how do you know ? susie ( yell ) because I see the other people ! and they know you be good ! you be good , goddamnit ! Jack study susie , then glance off . for a moment , they just stand on the corner , not talk . susie ( continue ) so you wanna get a drink ? int . jack apartment jack Nina ? susie who 's Nina ? jack friend . susie friend ? what 's she look like ? maybe I can help you find she . jack she 's four foot tall . Ed ? susie Ed ? how many people live here ? Eddie walk around the couch and look curiously at susie . Jack move to the kitchen . jack I have to make he some chili . okay ? susie ( a look ) sure . int . jack apartment - later Light from a weak lamp , lot of shadow , as romantic as Jack 's apartment will ever get . outside the window , the city look like a thousand jewel , gleam . susie cradle a drink in she hand as she move slowly about the room , slip , in and out of the shadow as if they be veil . susie ( at window ) like diamond , huh ? I never get over it . when I be a little girl , my mama would stand I before the window and tell I to close my eye and make a wish . like I could reach out and grab all the light of the city and string they into -a necklace for myself . she would take my hand and when she close she eye , I do not know , it be like she really believe it . jack how come you do not close you eye ? she look surprised by the question . susie I do not know . I guess I do not trust the night like she do . susie finish she drink and set it down . susie ( continue ) let I have a cigarette , will you ? all of mine be down there on the sidewalk . Jack look at she curiously . susie ( continue ) Long story . Jack give she a american cigarette and light it . susie ( continue ) you know , I see you guy once . you and Frank . at the Roosevelt . jack must have be a cheap date . susie soap convention . jack soap ? susie yeah , they get a convention for everything . at least he be clean . Boy , the guy I meet when I be with the service , you would not believe . the older one , they be okay . Nice . polite . pull the chair out for you . but the young one ... ( shaking she head ) mama use to say , dance with a man once , but if you can feel calluse on he finger , do not dance with he again . she think she have it all figure out . but she be not so smart . there be killer with palm like a baby . susie take a long draw and blow the smoke out slowly . susie ( continue ) it be not so bad , though . I would get a nice piece of steak , flower , sometimes even a gift . usually whatever the guy be into . get a socket set once . believe it ? the guy look like hold just give I four dozen rose . ( almost wistful ) but I stay at the hartford once . you should see the room . all satin and velvet . and the bed . Royal blue , trim in lace clean as snow . hard to believe sleep in a room like that do not change you life . but it do not . the bed may be magic , but the mirror be not . you wake up the same old susie. ( pause ) I do not always , you know . if I like the guy ... susie look at Jack , but he just take a drink . she look out the window again . susie ( continue ) sometimes I wish the sun would never come up . she stare at the light another moment , then turn and nod to the phone booth . susie ( continue ) so what 's this ? Jack frown , take another drink . jack History . susie huh ? jack my father propose to my mother in there . susie no kid ? it 's a small phone booth . susie ( continue ) the both of they ? in there ? jack he call she . susie oh . so what 's it do here ? jack Long story . susie you send I home ? Jack lock eye with susie , then glance away . jack they would be out dance all night and he take she to the train station -- she live over in brookhaven . usually hold ride with she , but this time he do not . anyway , he start walk home , only as he 's walk he start get nervous . susie nervous ? jack by the time he get to the corner newstand , he 's get she meeting some rich guy on the train , the rich guy 's ask she to marry he , and he 's read about it in the morning edition . susie you be kid . jack he have a mind that escalate thing . susie so , what happen ? jack he call she , ask she to marry he , she think he 's crazy , he ask she again , she still think he 's crazy but say yes anyway , and the next thing you know he 's get he brother down there and they be tear the thing right off the curb . susie blink . jack ( continue ) I do not know . maybe he think some rich guy be gonna try and call she . susie wow . but I still do not see how ... jack ma do not want it around . after . susie oh. Jack glance out the window . susie ( continue , carefully ) Frank say you see he die . Jack glance up quickly , surprised . he nod . susie ( continue ) Frank say --- jack Frank be not ' there . susie stop , look down . Jack study she for a moment , then decide . jack he take I out to the dock one day . we do that a lot . there be other place , but he love the ocean . he would work boat as a kid . never get rid of it . it be always in he . he would drink a little when we would go . if he drank enough , he would do this funny irish jig . to make I laugh . ( pause ) he drank a lot that day . susie study Jack as he stare into he glass . jack ( continue ) there be a lot of wind . he be up on this cargo shelf , right over the ocean . and he start to do the jig . one minute he be there ... ( shrug ) I think it be a joke at first . he do thing like that . games. ( pause ) I be laugh when it happen . Jack stare at the glass in he hand , then glance up and catch susie look at he . jack you get pretty eye , you know that . int . jack bedroom Jack 's bed . in the darkness , we see susie 's profile , she eye look up toward the ceiling . Jack 's body fall slowly across she and he kiss she neck . ext . jack apartment build - morning we see Eddie , wear he Christmas sweater , sleep on the fire escape . int . jack apartment - day susie be dress , sit at the piano , stare out the window as she absently hit a key . she be smoking one of Jack 's cigarettes . distract . Jack come to the doorway and watch she . plink . plink . plink . jack you gotta move them around if you want to play a song . susie start , look at she hand on the piano , pull it away . susie oh. hi. sorry . jack coffee ? susie yeah ... no . jack look , if you want to leave ... susie yeah , maybe ... no. God , I hate this cigarettes ! susie throw the cigarette out the window , then look down . susie ( continue ) shit . I think I start a fire . jack if we foot get hot , you grab the piano . susie smile weakly . jack ( continue ) why do not you go . I will see you tomorrow night at the ambassador . susie do not move . susie I follow you last night . I mean , I be here . outside . I be about to come up when you come out . Jack wait . susie ( continue ) the reason I come by ... I could not tell Frank ... I be leave . the act . susie stare up at Jack , but he say nothing . susie ( continue ) it 's a ... I meet this guy at the resort . he like my voice . and , it 's ... he think I can sell cat food just by sing about it . can you believe it ? susie try a laugh . Jack nod . susie ( continue ) you can always get another girl . jack ( look out window ) there 's always another girl . int . lounge Jack and Frank stand in a lounge , talk to nick , the manager . busboy move in and out , prepare the room for the evening . nick sick ? how sick ? frank the flu . nick so she 's get a few sniffles . frank Doctor 's order . Nick frown , look at the two pianos across the room . nick you get no right spring this on I , frankie . it 's unethical . frank look , Nick . you want we to pack up , we will pack up . nick what be I gonna do ? put a record player out there ? ( exite ) bad , frankie . bad . jack ( to Frank ) what be you do ? frank just until we find another girl . jack cancel , Frank . frank you want to know how much I get tie up in deposit with Willie ? we be in for three week solid , Jack . jack better give she pneumonia . int . back room Jack and Frank find themselves in the back room of Willie 's again . they do not look happy . girl ( o.s. ) remember I ? Jack and Frank look up . a girl in a yellow and black dress be in the doorway . she look like a bumblebee . girl monica . monica moran . I come in the last time you guy be look for a singer . ( smile ) perseverance . first rule of show business . Jack and Frank just stare at she . monica ( girl ) I buy a book . that 's what it say . ext . willie be - later Frank be look at a list . frank we get the Roosevelt on Thursday , the Park in a couple of week . Larry shelton say he would let I know by Friday on the ambassador . that 's it . Frank fold the paper carefully . frank ( continue ) I get some call out . thing that might be good for we . Frank look over at Jack for the first time . he 's lean against the building , stare at he shoe . frank ( continue ) we will try for a girl again next week . Jack nod . frank ( continue ) okay . well , the Roosevelt then . int . roosevelt HOTEL - lounge once grand , now dark and dusty look . a small crowd . frank you know , my brother and I have be play together , gosh , I do not know . Jack ? jack twenty - eight year . no response . bore , brutally indifferent face . frank of course , uh , back then it be , uh , a little different . we be just kid . just about the only one who would listen to we be the family cat , cecil . we must have shave three life off old cecil , huh , Jack ? Frank laugh and he voice , eerily magnify by the microphone , be the only sound in the room . frank ( continue ; hang tough ) yeah , well , anyway . it 's nice to be back here in the Roosevelt room , because this have always be ... Frank falter as he see Mrs. Baker enter the lounge and seat herself at a table in the back of the room . Jack follow Frank 's eye and spot she . frank ( continue ) a very special place for Jack and i. ( recover ) and tonight we would like to open with a very special song . it 's the song my mother and father dance to the night they be marry . this be for they . int . lobby Jack watch as Frank give Mrs. Baker a hug . frank you should have tell we you be come , ma . we would have come and get you . mrs . baker spur of the moment . frank so what would you think ? mrs . baker thrill . ( glance at Jack ) both of you . frank the audience be a little off tonight . mrs . baker a few empty table . it 's cozier . besides , mel torme could not fill this place on a Wednesday night . frank I guess you be , right . well , what do you say we get a little midnight snack ? theo 's should still be open . mrs . baker no , no . you boy be tired . frank no , we be not . Jack ? jack no. mrs . baker I be tired . really . I should get home . frank you sure ? mrs . baker ( nodd ) just call I a cab . frank a cab ? ma , come on . my car 's just a half block down . you wait here . mrs. baker ( smile ) all right . Frank dash out of the lobby . Jack and Mrs. Baker watch he go , then turn to each other . Mrs. Baker smile awkwardly , then survey the lobby . mrs . baker ( continue ) it 's beautiful , be not it ? the brocade on the wall have fade and the chair - once cover with velvet , now with a cheap imitation - look old and dowdy , but the room still maintain a elegant dignity . jack yeah . mrs . baker this be quite , a place once . after the war . on Friday night they have dance in the ballroom upstairs . it be beautiful . Crystal chandelier . White tablecloth . orchid float in the punch bowl ... it be a wonderful place to be young . Jack watch he mother as she eye pass over the room . after a moment , she nod toward the lounge . mrs . baker ( continue ) it go well tonight . jack Frank work hard . mrs . baker and you do not ? jack he lead , I follow . mrs . baker be that the way it be ? jack pretty much . mrs . baker he mention you have a girl for a while . a singer . jack for a while . she leave . mrs . baker yes , well , it 's probably best . no sense bring someone else in . jack I suppose . Mrs. Baker glance into the lounge , at the two pianos . mrs . baker funny . watch tonight , I be remember when you be young . how I use to stand in the kitchen , listen to the two of you practice while I do the dish . ( smile ) my two little radio . sometimes I would stop and go to the door and just watch . sometimes you father would too . ( pause ) he like to listen to you play . do you know that ? Jack shake he head . mrs . baker ( continue ) you miss he , do not you ? jack it 's be a long time , ma. mrs . baker yes. ( pause ) I suppose you still have that old phone booth . Jack nod . Mrs. Baker smile , then it fade . mrs . baker ( continue ) his love scared I , you know . the day he die he leave a flower on my pillow . Jack look puzzle . suddenly he mother reach out and very gently touch she finger to he face . mrs . baker ( continue ) you look so like he . they stand like this for a moment , connnect , then Frank step in from the street . frank you limo 's ready , ma. mrs . baker all right . Mrs. Baker take she hand from Jack 's face and turn away . just before she exit , she look back . mrs . baker ( continue ) good night , Jack . ext . STREET Jack , walk home , turn a corner and suddenly stop . across the street , talk to a man , be susie . she say a few word to the man , then touch he lightly on the arm and begin to walk away . Jack watch she retreat , then follow , move quick as he draw close . as he reach she , he gently touch she elbow and she turn . not susie . the woman stare at Jack , startle . for a moment , he do not move . finally , he let go of she elbow . jack sorry . int . car - night a few night later . Frank guide the car through wet city street . it 's two am and raining hard . jack we be not get pay then . frank no . jack nothing . we get nothing . frank I tell you , Jack . it 's a telethon . no one get a cent . jack ( a pause ) what 's it for ? frank I do not know . some disease . jack what disease ? frank I do not know . jack you do not know ? frank it 's a disease , Jack . we be against it . it 's not a moral decision . jack ( another pause ) what channel it on ? frank seventy-one jack seventy -one ? what 's seventy - one ? frank ( defensive ) a channel . it 's just a little further down the dial , that 's all . look , it 's publicity . publicity 's publicity . right ? Jack stare at Frank . jack right . int . hallway Jack and Frank make they way down a hallway . frank the guy say to find Studio E and turn right . what 's that say ? suddenly , a rapid-fire thumping SOUND resound through the corridor . as Jack and Frank turn , they see a huge youth in a wheelchair dribble a basketball toward they . youth fast break ! Jack and Frank step back and watch the kid one - wheel it around the corner . frank I guess it 's that way . int . studio Jerry Lewis need not fear . this be strictly a tin foil and crepe paper operation . along one wall be the " phone bank , " monitor by a few sleepy volunteer , and opposite , in makeshift bleacher , be the audience . a huge tote board , set on roll astor , be next to the phone . the total , at 2:15 am , be $ 1125.38 . as Jack and Frank enter , the kid in the wheelchair be do basketball trick before the camera . frank this must be it . I will see when we be on . Frank leave . Jack glance around the studio like he 's walk into a nightmare . at the phone bank , a heavyset man in a sweatshirt and a cap , look over . both the sweatshirt and the cap have " Earl " print on they . earl ( man ) you the magician ? jack no. earl ( disappointed ) oh . what do you do ? Jack point to the pianos across the room . jack piano . earl ( hopeful ) two at a time ? jack my brother and I . one each . earl ( disappointed again ) oh. jack ( indicate the kid in the wheelchair ) what 's wrong with the kid ? earl knee . tore it up against St. Anthony 's . right before the accident . jack Accident ? earl the fire . the way we be go we will be lucky to buy a carton of jockstrap , let alone a new gym . as Jack register this , Earl 's phone ring . Frank return and gesture to the kid in the wheelchair . frank we be on after meadowlark . ( see Jack 's face ) what 's wrong ? jack be you kid I ? be you fuck kid I ? frank what ? jack we be play for a goddamn gymnasium ! frank ( worried ) what ? before Jack can further enlighten Frank , the kid in the wheelchair roll off and a guy in a cheap rent tux stride in front of the camera . he 's vince nancy , the host . vince let 's hear it for we own Jimmy Marshall , shall we ? the audience applaud . vince ( continue ) as most of you 'know , young Jimmy put a nasty twist on that knee try to win-one for good ol ' grant High this year . luckily , the doctor tell we Jimmy will be able to play next season . that be ... if there be a next season . ( uncle Sam ) that 's where you come in . pick up that phone . make a donation . let 's keep we kid off the street and in the gym where they belong . applause . vince ( continue ) all right . well , friend , what can I say about we next guest ? ( consulting a card ) he , uh , they , uh , we be very pleased to have with we two of the most respected man in the musical entertainment field . I think you will agree with I when I tell you we be in for a real treat when I say that we have with we ... the fabulous bunker boy ! come on out here guy . Vince gesture grandly to the leave and Jack and Frank enter from the right . vince ( continue ) whoops , there they be . hey , nice suit , fella . ( to camera ) now I know a lot of you amateur musician out there be go to want to rap with this guy and do not worry . right after they finish up here , they be go to be man the phone . maybe we can even convince they to raffle off a few piano lesson if we be lucky . what do you think ? the audience applaud . Jack glare at Frank . he shrug . vince ( continue ) well , all right then . what be we wait for ? take it away , guy . Jack and Frank poise they hand over they pianos and begin to play . as the music rise , the studio become very quiet , almost still . unfortunately , Jack and Frank be barely through the open passage when a thunderously loud bell begin to ring . suddenly , Vince step out again . vince ( continue ) uh oh . we know what that mean , do not we ? it 's time to turn the board over . ( to Jack , Frank ) I be afraid you fella will just have to wait a minute . let 's bring out the board . two post - pubescent giant roll out the tote board right in front of Jack and Frank . Jack look positively homicidal . frank Jack ... Jack kick out the piano bench and start to leave . then , see the kid in the wheelchair , he grab the basketball and fire it at Vince . vince what the -- jack ( point ) you be a fuck creep , you know that . I oughta kick you ass . frank ( whisper ) Jack , you be on television . jack shut up , Frank . Earl of the sweatshirt and cap put he hand on Jack 's shoulder . earl what do you say we go for a walk , pal . jack get you hand off I . earl come on , friend . I can smell it on you . get yourself a cup of coffee . you will forget what you be angry about . jack go fuck yourself . earl ( eye go hard ) you be a real tough guy when the lady be around , be not you , Ace ? jack I do not see any lady here . except maybe you . that do it . Earl take hold of Jack 's collar and start to - wrestle he roughly toward the door . frank hey , leave he alone . earl do you brother a favor and have he mouth sewn up . jack you be a lousy dancer , Earl . do not you know the man 's suppose to lead ? Earl shove Jack into the hallway , hard . Jack stumble back against the wall . earl who do you think you be , asshole ? liberace ? ext . STREET Jack walk down the street , mindless of the rain . Frank follow a few yard behind . frank Jack . we just , pass the car . Jack . this be a tuxedo . Three hundred dollar . ( pause ) you gonna talk to I ? or be this Jack 's famous silent act ? look , it be for publicity . do you understand ? publicity . Jack stop and stare at Frank incredulously . jack what - be you ? a fuck moron ? it 's three o'clock in the morning , Frank . who 's watch ? you wife ? maybe you can get we a gig play Little Frank 's birthday party . what do you think ? frank look . I do not know when we be go to be on until yesterday . what be I suppose to do ? I have the pianos anyway . jack basketball , Frank . you have we play for basketball . frank I be sorry . I should have check it out . I screw up . but that do not mean you walk out in the middle of a gig . jack ( incredulous ) what ? frank it be not professional , Jack . it be a stunt . a stupid-ass stunt . Jack just stare at Frank , as if look at a stranger . jack what 's happen to you , Frank ? you be kissing ass so long you be start to like it ? you let that guy turn we into clown tonight . we be always small time , but we be never clown , Frank . what 's happen to you dignity ? frank dignity ? who the hell be you to talk about dignity ? Frank suddenly step forward and reach into Jack 's jacket , come away with a bottle . frank ( continue ) this where you get you dignity , Jack ? this be where you get you courage ? Jack try to grab the bottle but Frank hold it away . frank ( continue ) no , let 's do it straight for once , shall we ? Frank toss the bottle into the street , where it shatter . frank ( continue ) let I explain something to you , little brother . see , I have get people who depend on I . I have get a wife and two child who expect to wake up every morning with food on the table and heat in the house . I get a mortgage . I get car payment . I get ma 's medical bill . oh yeah , and I get you . yeah , you . Jack the shadow who 's so cool and so hip and so fuck sure he 's better than everyone else . do not you think I would like to walk up to one of this asshole and blow smoke in he face ? goddamn right I would . but I can not . because I have to be responsible , little brother . I have to make sure the number balance out in my favor at the end of each month so everyone can go on live they life . you do not win medal for it , but you can be damn sure you would all take notice if I fold up shop . so do not talk to I about dignity , little brother . you be draw on a weak hand . Jack stare at Frank through the rain , then turn and begin to walk away . frank ( continue ) great . terrific . walk away . you be good at that , Jack . just do not forget to stop off for another bottle of courage on you way home . ( pause ) that 's what he would do . Jack stop , he back to Frank . frank ( continue ) you have find the perfect solution to all the pain in the world , have not you , little brother ? eight -fifty a bottle , available any time day or night at you friendly neighborhood liquor store . you be weak , Jack . just like he be . Jack turn , tough and dangerous in the darkness . jack stay off it . frank no , let 's stay on it . I be sick and tired of watch you make he up into some kinda god . for Christ sake , Jack , he die do a stupid bullshit jig . he leave a wife and two son . he be not a hero . he be a fool . jack ( eerily cold ) you be not there . frank that 's right . I be not there . I do not have the luxury of be a witness to tragedy . jack ( coiled ) fuck you . frank no , fuck you . and fuck he too . fuck the both - of you . Jack suddenly bolt for , ward and grab Frank by the lapel . frank ( continue ) hey , what be you do ? hey ! Jack fling Frank against the wall , pound , pull and slamm he in a fitful rage . frank ( continue ; scared ) Jack ! ... Jack ! ... Frank slide to the ground , afraid , try to protect himself . Jack hover over he . jack how 's it feel to have you little brother beat the shit out of you ? huh ? huh ! Jack come down with a vicious fist at Frank 's face . Frank hold up he hand , try to shield himself , and catch a blow on he finger . frank my hand ! my hand ! Jack grab one of Frank 's hand . jack ( mock ) you hand . you hand could not take the blue ribbon on amateur night . Jack bend back Frank 's finger . frank ( terrify ) Jack ! jack who 's weak now , big brother ? Jack push Frank 's finger until the knuckle crack . frank Jack ! jack ! Frank 's voice echoe high above the sound of the rain . suddenly Jack stop . look at Frank 's hand , still clasped in he , he seem as shocked by he own behavior as Frank . letting go , he step back awkwardly and look at he brother , beat , to the ground , he tuxedo rip and dirty . he stare at he own hand , the knuckle split and bleed . he no longer look dangerous . he look hollow , frighten . jack I be through with it . I can not do it anymore . Frank , rub he finger , glance up at Jack , but Jack just turn away , leave Frank on the sidewalk , and disappear into the rain . music begin . a sad , plaintive solo piano . and we see : series of shot Jack , crossing the street to he apartment , the rain over now . Frank , drive home , he face swollen and bruise in the dim glow of the streetlight . Jack , let himself into he apartment and stand there . alone . Frank , ease the car into the driveway , turn off the engine . Jack , take a bottle from the kitchen , move numbly . Frank , much later , still sit in the driveway as the sun begin to come up . Jack , sit in the phone booth , the bottle in he hand . int . jack apartment - day the next morning . Jack be sit on the windowsill , watch the rain drum the glass . he glance at the phone across the room , take another look at the rain , then go to the phone . he pick it up hesitantly , then dial . it ring . again . again . cindy ( v.0 . ) hello ? Jack blink . it 's Cindy . cindy hello ... hellooooo ... ( fainter ) daddy . daddy ! someone 's on the phone and they will not talk . Jack set the phone back down on the cradle . int . bar Jack stand in a dark bar . it be early morning and the light from the street give the room a ghostly atmosphere . a big , beefy man with a bar towel hook in he belt be talk to Jack . man if they wanna talk about they wife , you listen . if they wanna talk about they job , you listen . if they wanna talk about they parakeet , you listen . that 's it , six night a week , nine to one or until I send you home . okay ? Jack nod and point to the piano in the corner . jack that it ? man how many you need ? Jack walk over to the giano and strike a note . jack it 's out of tune . man trust I , the way I fix a martini , it will be in tune . the music return , sad and plaintive , and we see : int . franks house Frank , attempt to give piano lesson to a brother and sister tandem who would be better serve by a obedience school . while the little girl pound incessantly on the piano , she brother run circle around the room , destroy everything in sight . music continue and we see : ext . STREET Jack and Eddie , go for a walk , pass the diner where Jack and Frank 's picture be still display . music continue and we see : int . bar Jack , in the bar , play the music we have be hearing throughout the previous scene . it be after midnight and the table be empty . only a few somber man remain at the bar . they do not appear to be music lover . as Jack finish , he take a cloth and wipe the key . there be a glass on the piano with money in it . susie ( o.s. ) I think the baker do not take tip . Jack glance up , but he know the voice . jack I give it all to charity . susie nod . susie saw the sign outside . get you own sign , huh ? jack yeah . get my own sign . susie so ... ? jack we outgrew each other . susie yeah , well , like I say , it do not figure . you two . jack you do not pick you brother . susie yeah . jack so how 's the cat food business ? susie terrific . I be do vegetable next week . Jack nod . jack what kind ? susie huh ? jack vegetable . susie oh. carrot . and peas . none of the important one . susie try a smile . take a breath . susie ( continue ) listen ... you want to get a drink ? I get a new place . or we could go to a bar ... ( look around ) well , maybe not a bar . but I know a place uptown , if you want -- jack I have give it up . susie stop . susie no kid ? well ... I guess you can not do a reunion over tomato juice , can you ? ( pause ) anyway , if you be ever in the neighborhood ... I write it down . susie take a slip of paper from she purse and hand it to Jack . they lock eye for a moment . susie ( continue ) tell egghead I say hi . if you see he . jack if I see he . susie nod and walk toward the door . jack ( continue ) hey . ( as she stop ) you get pretty eye . susie smile . as she leave , Jack study the slip of paper in he hand , then drop it in the tip glass . he glance at the door , swinging slowly shut in susie 's wake , then reach into he coat and take out a bottle . int . franks den Frank sit alone in the darkness of the de . the cardboard stand - up be there , along with several old photograph , include one show two skinny kid in tux stand with a glamorous Peggy Lee . after a moment , donna enter . donna Frank ? it 's late , honey . Frank stay stare at the photograph of Peggy Lee . donna ( continue ) Mrs. lerner call after dinner . Robbie can not make he lesson tomorrow . donna wait for she husband to say something , then see the photograph in he hand . frank you know how good he be ? it 's like breathe with he . I have always envied it . but tonight , look at all this -- at he face -- I do not know . maybe it 's worse . for he . ( gesture to the piano ) it 's funny . when I sit here and play ... nothing . but when I be up there with he ... it be like I have the gift , too . int . franks house - hallway - next day Frank be stand in the hallway of he house , lean against the bathroom door . it 's lock . frank come on , Jeremy . open the door . somewhere in the house , the phone ring . Frank ignore it . frank ( continue ) Jeremy . you want I to call you father ? he 's not go to be very happy when he hear he 's spend fifteen dollar a hour for you to sit on the toilet . donna , look shake , step into the hallway . donna honey ... frank you believe this ? the kid will not come out . I be play ' camptown race ' for he and the next thing I know he 's lock himself in the bathroom . there 's nothing sharp in there , be there ? donna honey ... frank where be we kid ? have he get one of they in there ? donna Frank . Frank finally look at he wife . she 's cry . int . hospital corridor - night Jack rush down a hospital corridor and head for the nurse station . as he move to the counter , donna appear . jack donna . where be she ? donna just shake she head . donna we try the apartment , but after that we do not know where to call . Jack look freeze . donna ( continue ) Frank will be back in a moment . he take Little Frank to the bathroom . Jack begin to back away slowly . donna ( continue ) Jack ... ext . STREET Jack move aimlessly down the street , slip in and out of shadow . finally he stop inside a close storefront , he back up against the window , and look down at he hand . they be shaking . int . apartment hallway Jack stand in a apartment hallway , wait . after a moment , the door open . it 's susie . susie Jack . jack hi. susie well , this be some surprise . ( see he face ) hey ... you do not look so good , pal . susie study Jack as he glance around the hallway . susie ( continue ) Jack ? Jack look up . susie ( continue ) you want to come in ? he nod . susie step back and Jack enter . susie ( continue ) let I get the light . jack no. he stare directly into she eye . jack ( continue ) leave it dark . int . susie' bedroom - next morning Jack be stand at the foot of the bed , look down at susie 's naked back as she sleep . he study she face as if look for something , then take he coat and begin to leave . susie I use to do that . Jack turn . susie be look at he . susie ( continue ) sneak out in the morning . before the guy could wake up and ruin it . never figure I would be on the other end of it , though . jack I do not want to wake you . susie ( smile slightly ) yeah . jack thanks . for let I in last night . susie funny how life repeat itself , huh ? over and over . like a song . Jack look at susie for a long moment , then nod and turn for the door . susie ( continue ) hey . Jack stop , he hand on the doorknob . susie ( continue ) be I gonna see you again ? Jack look at she face , beautiful in the morning light . jack yeah . you be gonna see I again . susie smile slightly . susie okay . ext . STREET Jack be stand across the street from he mother 's house , just look . after a moment , he cross the street . as he move up the drive , he take notice of the tree grow in the front yard and cross to it , kneel by the trunk and study the scar there -- cat 's claw -- run vertically up the tree , the damage smoothe and widen by time . he run he finger over the imperfection , then stand and walk toward the house . ext . house through the screen door , Jack can hear a clicking sound and see partially into the front door . half the room be cast in shadow , the other in blind light . he open the door and enter . int . house Inside , the movie projector be running , the tail of a complete flip slapping like a whip against the carriage . Jack turn off the projector and the room fall entirely into shadow . for a moment , the house be silent , full of ghost , then , gradually , a noise be hear come from the kitchen . int . kitchen as Jack come into the kitchen , he find Frank search through a cabinet . he watch for a moment . jack what be you look for ? Frank turn quickly , surprised . frank I do not hear you come in . jack what be you do ? frank oh ... I be just hope for something to drink . but it seem the old lady be dry . not even a bottle of cooking sherry . Jack nod . Frank look nervous . frank ( continue ) uh , we already box some thing . I figure you would want to go through dad 's stuff . it 's in there . if you want to get start . jack later . Frank nod . silence . jack ( continue ) be everything do ? the arrangement , I mean . frank oh. yeah . it be all work out before , you know . she and dad have take care of it . jack right . frank I set it for Wednesday . the ceremony . they be do the stone today . ( pause ) it 's okay ? Wednesday ? jack yeah , fine . frank there 's not go to be a view . I figure with the kid and all ... jack sure . Jack glance around the room . picture on the wall . handmade curtain , lightly fade . frank it 's funny . before , whenever I come here , the house seem small . but today ... I can not keep up with it . I keep lose my wind . Frank smile slightly and he and Jack lock eye for a moment . frank ( continue ; glance away ) God , I could use a drink . Jack hesitates , then pull a bottle out of he coat . frank ( continue ) oh. well , great . I will get a couple glass . Frank move to a cabinet , but there 's nothing there . frank ( continue ) damn . donna must have pack they up this morning . Jack hold out the bottle . jack go ahead . frank no. jack ( show the seal be unbroken ) buy it on the way over . clean as a nun . frank no , it 's not that . I ... can not drink from the bottle . I ... gag . jack oh , yeah , right . I forget . Frank look embarrassed . frank ( remember ) oh , hey , I want to show you something . come on . Jack follow Frank back into the front room . Frank stand before one of the tiny match pianos and gesture Jack to the other . frank ( continue ) hit the c. go ahead . Jack step over to the other piano and tap , then Frank do the same . Jack glance up in surprise . frank ( continue ) I be right , be not I ? they be in tune . Jack hit the note again and nod in amazement . frank ( continue ) all this year . she keep they in tune . can you imagine ? now why would she do something like that ? Frank look down at the key and he smile fade . suddenly he notice the collection of tiny souvenir shot glass on top of the piano , each bear the name of a different hotel . frank ( continue ) hey , what do you know . look like we can have that drink after all . ( pick up a few glass ) what 's you pleasure ? we get the downtown ramada . we get the travelodge on Route 41 . and ... the mallory . jack I will take the mallory . frank good choice . Frank blow some dust off the glass . frank ( continue ) look like this get a few year on they . jack this will kill them . Jack pour and he and Frank settle on the tiny piano bench . as Frank swallow , he wince . frank Jesus . it suddenly grow silent , each sit in he old familiar place , stare into he glass . jack how're you hand ? frank ( surprised ) oh. Fine . it be nothing . couple sore knuckle . nothing . jack you know , that night , I ... it just all come up . frank yeah , I know . I , too . jack I mean , you can play . you be okay . frank ( smile ) I can keep the beat . Jack smile slightly , then both go back to they glass . frank ( continue ) Charlie call . jack yeah ? frank yeah . Larry shelton . blackie . couple other . donna say even Lloyd call the other day . nothing like a little absence to make the heart grow fonder , huh ? jack yeah . Jack and Frank lock eye again . Frank 's glance drop to Jack 's glass . frank Jesus , when be the last time we play the mallory ? jack five year ago . ( think ) November . frank right . it be someone 's birthday . halloran ? jack daughter 's . sweet sixteen . frank Christ , that 's right . how could I forget . what a nightmare . jack she ask for it . frank I tell halloran we do not do vocal , but he say : jack and frank ( in unison ) what my sissy -want , my sissy get . jack she get it all right . Jack and Frank glance at one another , little boy mischief glow in they face . suddenly they swivel on the pianos and begin to play " you be sixteen . " jack and frank ( sing ) she come on like a dream peaches and cream lip like strawberry wine she 's sixteen , she 's beautiful and she 's mine . ribbon and curl ooh , what a girl eye that sparkle and shine you be sixteen , you be beautiful , and you be mine . as Jack and Frank finish , they be laugh . after a moment , they voice die and the house be quiet again . full of ghost . each stare at the tiny keyboard before he , awkward with the intimacy of the moment . it be quiet for a very long time . finally , Frank look over . frank well ... one more time ? Jack glance up and see Frank have he empty glass hold out . he hesitates , then pick up the bottle . jack one more time .