the big white written by collin friesen fade in : ext . road - winter day a police car , nothing more than a speck on the landscape , be intermittently visible through the blow snow . int . police car - same a corporal ( 20 ) , behind the wheel , with a bored detective boyle ( 60 ) at he side . corporal so he hand be like , off , right . so he put on a tourniquet , put the hand in he pocket , walk five mile through the bush till he get to the highway , where he pass out , on the road , right . then this log truck come along ... detective boyle ( look ahead ) hey . the corporal look forward . car' Pov : through the windshield of a woman ( 40s ) , dress in she pajamas and a parka , skip down the middle of the road . ext . road the police car pull to a stop , just as the woman do a pirouette and fall over backwards . detective boyle and the other cop get out and walk over . corporal ( into he radio ) dispatch , this be unit 611 , we need a first responsder -- detective boyle cancel that . the woman kick up a leg , wiggle she foot . detective boyle ( cont would ) I know where she belong . as they lift she up ... 1 int . inside a trash dumpster - late afternoon 1 the dumpster lid open on a bitterly cold , gray winter 's day in a alaskan city . a chunky , shiver hair stylist with jet black bang shake out a box of conditioning sample . hair stylist ( to someone o.s. ) she say " I have not eat all day , " then , right there on the bus she pull out this , like , salmon steak and I be ... 2 int . inside a trash dumpster - late afternoon 2 the dumpster lid bang shut , reopen a beat later . a moment of calm until two garbage bag slam against the inside of the lid . it fall shut with a clang . 3 ext . trash dumpster - night 3 the lid reopen . night time now , as a street lamp buzy to life . a middle age man in work clothes check to make sure he 's alone . he gently lower the lid , open it again a moment later , this time balance a mini-bar fridge on he shoulder . he dump the appliance into the bin and run off . 4 int . inside a trash dumpster - night 4 the lid reopen . siren off in the distance ... men' voice ( o.s. ) one , two , three ... up . the lifeless body of a fair-size man come crashing into the garbage . siren closer . a man see only in silhouette lean in to pull some garbage over the corpse . a second man look in , then pull the first man away . man' voice we will get he later . c'mon . the lid drop . 5 ext . trash dumpster - morning 5 Black . the dumpster reopen . Morning now . a korean- american teenager wear a apron and headphone sing along to a old kiss tune as he deposit two large orange garbage bag . teenager " ... get up , everybody 's gonna move they foot , get down , everybody 's gonna leave they seat ... gonna lose you mind in ... " he shut the lid with care . Black . 6 ext . CITY STREET - day 6 a cookie-cutter subdivision . Old pine tree poke through the snow cover that blanket the neighborhood . howard ( 30 ) , a burly outdoors type , be try to unload a new snowmobile from the back of he pickup . ted watter ( late 20 ) half hide under a heavy dress coat , walk down the street . he stop by Howard 's driveway . ted need a hand ? howard ( turn ) yeah . could ya grab I that two by eight ? Ted walk up the driveway , grab the wood slat , make a ramp by lean they against the rear bumper . howard ( cont would ) thanks . Howard maneuver the snowmobile down the ramp , he back turn toward Ted -- who have take out a small cam - corder and be taping Howard . howard ( cont would ) I tell ya , it may look fast but it sure be not light . you the guy who just move in to the Stevens old house ? ted no. name 's Ted . howard hey Ted , I be Howard . ted hey Howard . what be that , a Arctic cat ? what do that go for ? 7 p.o.v. camcorder view finder 7 Howard finally have the snowmobile on the ground . he 's breathe heavy as he pull off he mitt to shake hand . howard more than I could normally afford , I will tell ya. ( see the camera ) hey ! what do you think you be you do ? as Ted and Howard continue to talk , we pull back to reveal we be watch Ted 's video play on a vcr that be -- 8 int . insurance office / common area - day 8 a group of office worker look on , very much impressed , as a stunne Howard stare at the camera . ted ( o.s. ) Howard , you seem like a reasonable kind of guy . let you and I talk . tight on : watter at he nearby cubicle , type frenetically on he computer . at first , he appear to be work , until we realize that on he computer screen pixilate Zomby die in silent anguish beneath a unholy hail of bullet . a Miami dolphin sticker be the sole cubicle decoration . as the tape finish , a smatter of applause from he colleague . Ted give a small wave over the cubicle wall . ted ( cont would ) thank you . just happy to give something back to Liberty Capital ... ( to himself - bitter ) after all they have do for I . 9 int . insurance office / common area - day 9 cam ( 30 ) , Native - american alaskan walk over . Ted immediately hit a key that turn the screen to a spread-sheet . cam that be really cool . it be like ... watch " cop " . ted he be pretty spry for a man with a herniate disc . cam you know , I do not want to bitch or anything , but you be suppose to take I along on that one . ted could not find you . cam I know you know this , but the sooner they think I can handle call on my own , the sooner they will kick you back down south . ted I have be hearing that for 13 month and six day , cam . after a while , it get a little old . ( off cam 's look ) next time , okay . good enough . cam move off . back to the zombie blood bath . the phone ring . Ted pick up , he eye never waver from the gore intensive computer game . ted ( cont would ) claim , Ted watter . sure . a final key stroke separate one last zombie from its entrail . 10 int . insurance office / branch office - moment later 10 tight on : a mounted salmon we pull back to see the wall line with souvenir of a life spend on the edge of the wilderness ; citation from the rotarian , picture of sponsor hockey team ... we be -- frank branch ( 5as ) , a mid-level management type sit across from paul barnell ( 40s ) , a mild - mannered everyman wrap in a cheap suit . Paul take in the display . the two man sit in silence , smile politely at one another . paul that 's ... quite the fish . branch be about to answer when Ted enter with a slim file . branch Paul barnell , Ted watter . handshakes . Paul make steady eye contact . Ted notice . branch ( cont would ) Mr. barnell want to talk to we about he brother 's life insurance policy . Ted sit and flip open the file . ted Raymond , be not it ? paul yes , Raymond . you see , as I have already explain to Mr. branch , he 's be go for five year now , and I think it might be time to ... move on . ted by move on you mean ...? branch ... cash in Raymond 's policy . Ted smile to himself . paul I just think , well , it 's pretty unlikely he 's still alive . my dad always want we to be able to look after each other if anything should ever happen . and to be frank , money 's a little -- ted I understand Mr. barnell , but here 's the thing . with no actual body , under alaskan statute a person must be miss for seven year before he or she can be legally declare dead and that 's not withstand a investigation period where concerned party can take up to another year to file intervention concern the motion . so , even though you brother 's status be undetermine at this point , there 's really very little we can do for you . Ted flip the file shut . case close . branch , not entirely happy with Ted 's demeanor , force a smile . branch of course we be extremely sorry for you loss . branch look at Ted . Ted turn to Paul . ted oh , absolutely . 11 ext . strip mall - night 11 the city skyline rise in the distance as heat vent belch steam against the rapidly set sun . but that 's mile away . here on the outskirt be a rapidly fail five store strip mall ; a " porn -a-copia " xxx video store , hair stylist , small engine repair shop , fish and chip joint and the " barnell great escape " travel agency . we might notice a big trash dumpster in the corner . Paul 's car , a Ford Taurus , pull onto the parking pad . 12 int . paul be car - continuous 12 Paul drive , talk on he cell phone and balance a big non-spill metallic travel coffee mug at the same time . paul hang on , hang on . first off , how do you get my cell number ? ( beat ) because it 's for mechanical and medical emergency only . Paul , wound up , tap he brake too hard . his mug fall , the lid pop and the coffee proceed to soak a stack of papers . paul ( cont would ) great. ( back into phone ) no , I be not ... I just ... give I a second here . Paul park he car , gather the soggy papers and get out . 13 ext . strip mall 13 Paul , still on the phone , carry the papers to the dumpster . paul yes , and that check go out a week ago . I watch my secretary write it up . 14 ext . inside the dumpster 14 Black . Paul open the lid . the phone be cradle in he neck , he check each soggy page to make sure he 's not toss anything important . paul well I do not know . I , I , I have no clue . could it possibly be a problem on you end ? so the electric company never make a ... look , I pay my bill . I be a rotarian for goodness -- Paul look over to see some men from rodney 's repo ranch walk up to the front door of he office . distract for a moment , the phone slip and fall into the trash . Paul , mutter , lean in to get it . he push aside a orange garbage bag , guide by the faint sound of the other person still talking . and then -- paul be Pov : of the body -- a 40 - ish White ( well , a little blue ) male dress in a cheap suit . Paul 's phone lie across the corpse 's mouth , like the dead guy be talk . the cell phone Mr. barnell ? Mr. barnell ? 15 ext . parking area / strip mall 15 a shout as Paul jump back from the dumpster . the lid crash down as he scramble / slide away . he take a moment to compose himself , then realize he phone be still in there . he open the dumpster lid and very quickly reach in , grab he cell and hurry off . the lid crash shut . paul ( into the phone ) hello ? hung up . Paul dial 911 , look back at the dumpster , think for a second , then hit end . he stand there , think . a15 int . " barnell great escape TRAVEL " - later a15 Paul back in he office , stare out the window with a perfect view of the dumpster . he can not take he eye off it . behind he , the repo- Men be pick up a newish computer monitor and walk toward the door . he 's oblivious . at the sound of a truck , he head snap around . it 's a garbage truck , but instead of head to the dumpster , it rumble past on the road . that 's all it take . b15 ext . parking area / strip mall - moment later b15 Paul back he Ford Taurus up to the dumpster , pop the trunk , check to make sure he 's alone then step up on the rear bumper , open the lid and clamber inside . 16 int . inside a fridge - later 16 Black . the fridge door open , the light revealing several can of pop and beer in the foreground . behind the beverage , a garage where Paul struggle with the lifeless body . he prop the man against the hood of he car , give he a quick once over , pocket , obvious wound . nothing . Paul move to the fridge , start to pull thing out . 17 int . attached suburban garage - continuous 17 jodie , a annoyingly small dog , enter the garage from the house and start sniff around the body . a new chew toy ! paul ( at the sound ) jodie , no ! not for dog ! he shoos the dog back into the house . Paul move back to the fridge , open the door and , with great effort pick up the dead man and try to stuff he inside . only problem ... the man 's leg do not want to fit . Paul lean down and grab a uncooperative appendage . he grit he tooth , look away as he kick at the knee . it snap sideways . Paul fight nausea . but with the leg now out of joint , the man fit . Paul , breathe heavy , lean against the door . paul ( cont would ) ok then . ok . he pack in the remain space with beer and pop bottle . then , just before he shut the door , Paul reach in and set the fridge temperature from 1 to 9 ( the coldest set ) . a padlock and chain come from the base of a propane bbq . it go around the fridge , the lock snap it in place . Paul spot some leftover drink can . he kick they to the corner and walk into the house , try to sound casual . paul ( cont would ) hey honey . any mail ? 18 ext . CITY roadway - evening 18 Ted drive home through a wood section of town . a18 int . ted' car - continuous a18 Ted check out various radio station , hat everything . he land on one play " escape ( the piña colada song ) " when he look up and suddenly jam on the brake . b18 ext . roadway b18 Ted car slide toward a moose that have wander into the middle of the road . the car stop about five foot away . the moose look at Ted . Ted look back , wonder what he ever do to deserve the life he 's stick with . after a moment , the moose lumber off . Ted drive on . CUT to : c18 int ted' apartment - night c18 tight on : a computer screen where swirl sign of the Zodiac act as a screen saver . pull back to reveal we be -- a telephone cord run from the computer to the headset of tiffany ( 20 ) , pert , smart and dress in a tight University of Alaska T-shirt . Tiffany sit with she foot up on the desk as she flip through a copy of " cosmo " . it 's a medium size apartment , litter with guy stuff although bow to advance sign of feminine influence . the phone ring . Tiffany hit the space bar . the caller 's number flash on screen . by the second ring , a electronic timer kick in and a complete file on the caller appear with name , address , background , pet ... she smile , hit " enter . " tiffany ( into she headset ) psychic pal . how be you today ... Mr. Williams ? ( pause - she listen ) well , we be all register psychics here . I just have a feel you would be call . what 's up ? a key in the door . a tired Ted walk inside . ted hey tiff . Tiffany look up , then hold up a file folder with the word " working - shhhhhh ! " in big black letter . tiffany ( to caller ) you tv remote control ? okay . Ted sigh , give she a quick peck on the cheek as he wrestle off he winter gear and head to the kitchen . tiffany ( cont would ) I need you to clear you mind ... Ted look into the fridge , make up new word to the song " escape . " ted " if you like freeze enchilada , get catch in the rain . if you be not into ... something brownish . " Ted pull out some tupperware , try to figure out what 's in it . Tiffany , still wear she headset , appear behind he , grab a diet Coke from the fridge and kiss he on the cheek . tiffany it 's stew . I be not sure it 's still good . ted be not you with a customer ? tiffany they be concentrate . Ted grab a fork , take the pot and sit at the table . Tiffany go back to she desk and flip through she magazine . ted ( through a mouthful of food ) so ? how 's the tea leaf business today ? tiffany I have decide from now on to ignore you when you be ignorant about my work . and it 's go very well thank you . ( reconnect to the caller ) Mr. Williams , I be see sofa cushion . do you have a sofa ? good . glad I could help . ted you here from that software distributor guy ? tiffany no , but I do crack that code problem . you know how sometimes when you be run beta version you -- ted English , please . tiffany there be a boo-boo , but I fix it . ( another call come in ) psychic pal , how be you today , Carol ? now I think we would agree God be everywhere , but not specifically in you coffee pot . ted jeez , tiff . tiffany jeez , Ted . do I tell you how to do you job ? ted ( kid ... kind of ) no , but then again I be not a computer aid pseudo psychic , so if you be look for moral equivalence ... tiffany before you say anything else that may keep we from have sex ever again , let I ask you something ... she pick up she magazine . ted tiff , please . I always get this wrong . tiffany that 's why we keep try . now , Love be sacrifice test . ( read ) if you be in a life raft with I and there be only enough water -- ted do not you have a customer ? tiffany ( to the caller ) Carol ? God say he 's busy with a famine right now , but you should keep praying . cool . she hang up . turn back to Ted , about to pick up where she leave off ... ted no. I be not do it . tiffany it 's just a stupid quiz . ted exactly . the phone ring . Tiffany bolt to she desk , sit , spin in she chair as she answer the call . tiffany psychic pal . be this the first time you have call we Mrs ...? Tiffany at she computer , enter the name " Margaret barnell " into she database . Tiffany work a " mute " button as she point back to the magazine . tiffany ( cont would ) but stupid quizze can be illustrative of potential relationship problem . ( to she caller ) Margaret , I be get the feel this be a anxious day for you . Ted , cooking pot in hand , walk over to she desk . ted we only relationship problem be you be run a $ 1.99 a minute carny scam out of my live room . tiffany do not call it a scam . ( to the caller - startle ) Excuse I ? ted what ? tiffany you have get to learn to channel that rage , Margaret . ( to Ted - playful ) you do not just call this you live room , do you ? ted I mean ours . our , ours , ours . Tiffany return to she call , but keep look at Ted . tiffany I feel someone you really care about , maybe even the love of you life , be be a real pain . now I need you to concentrate ... Ted pretend to do just that , draw a giggle from Tiffany before he walk off . 22 int . " barnell great escape TRAVEL " - morning 22 Paul try to open the front door , but find it block by a small pile of snow . Three good yank and it finally open . he enter the shop . fade travel poster cover the wall . avis ( 40s ) , a career office gal , smile at she boss as she assemble a life-size stand - up cardboard display for aloha Airlines . it feature a dark Hawaiian beauty hold a softball size sea shell . the shell jut out of the display give it a 3 - D quality . avis Morning Mr. barnell . coffee ? paul thanks avis . look good . Paul , shiver , hang up he coat as avis pick up a promotional aloha Air surfboard ( the old display ) and walk it to the back . paul ( cont would ) be November this bad last year ? avis ( o.s. ) well if we do not have the weather what would we talk about ? do you send the computer back ? Paul move to he desk . paul yeah , it be not work . any call ? avis ( o.s. ) just that fellow from Municipal power and electric . I tell he you send the check in week ago , but some people do not like to listen . Paul turn to look at the snow cover empty parking lot , then at a photo of he wife Margaret on he desk . he mentally gather himself . paul something ... strange happen last night avis . avis ( o.s. ) what be that ? paul do ... you ever meet my brother Raymond ? avis ( o.s. ) the one who go miss ? paul uh huh . well anyway last night there 's a knock on the door and there 's Raymond , just ... stand there on the doorstep . avis arrive with the coffee and the mail . avis do not you have he declare ...? paul Dead ? no . I mean , they say he have not be go long enough . avis ( smile warmly ) good thing in hindsight . Paul put the mail down on the desk and start to flip through it . lot of bill , most mark past due . he find a " pre - approve " credit card application , set it to one side . avis ( cont would ) so where be he all this year ? paul lower 48 . Said he want to get away from the cold . avis where ' bout ? paul ( look up ) sorry , what be that ? avis where be he live ? Paul , a flash of panic , look over at the Hawaii display . he key on the shell . paul Florida . avis I have get a aunt down there . where ' bout ? paul ( blank ) a uh ... small place . by the beach . avis well that 's great . you and Mrs. barnell will have some company for a bit I guess . how be she ? paul better , a little better . some day be better than other . 23 int . barnell home - day 23 margaret barnell ( early 40s ) stand in a plush bathrobe and slipper . despite she casual attire she be immaculately make up as she walk to the front door , open it on -- a young wholesome paperboy smile through the cold . paperboy collect , Mrs. barnell . margaret Daniel , you pussy little cocksucker . I will get my purse . the paperboy , unfaze , smile as Margaret walk off . paperboy it 's 12 dollar . I miss you last time . margaret ( o.s. ) jerk off ... ok , jerk off , uhhuh ... Margaret give the paperboy he money , the stamp card plus a dollar tip , then tweak he nose . twice . margaret ( cont would ) you say hi to you slut Mom for I ? paperboy sure will . thanks . he trot down the walk as Margaret shut the door . 24 ext . inside a trash dumpster - night 24 the lid open . gary and jimbo ( 30 ) , check to insure they be not be watch . Gary , slightly effeminate , lean into the bin and burrow through the garbage . jimbo , a bear of man , keep watch . he 's nervous , a little out of sort . gary I think stuff do not smell when it be freeze ? I do not know why we have to -- jimbo Dave want visual confirmation , he get visual confirmation . we have a chance to move up here , so let 's just -- gary like the guy 's not gonna end up in a land - fill , anyway . you ever ask Dave what he do ? jimbo whatever it be , he tell he if he do it again , he would snap he neck . gary ( smile ) whoops , he do it again . ( off jimbo not get it ) the song ? from that girl ? no response . Gary , humming now , keep digging , find nothing . gary ( cont would ) so how would it feel ? I mean , not when you do it , but , like now ? jimbo I do not want to talk about it . Gary hop inside as he action become more frantic . still no luck . he stand . gary not here . jimbo glare at he partner . gary ( cont would ) serious . he 's go . maybe he be not ... jimbo do not even joke . maybe the trash be emptied . gary look pretty full . hey ... ( ducking down ) there 's a little fridge down here . ( stand ) if we would have shot he at least we would know for sure . jimbo I be follow order . and if you have not start a scream match , no one would have call the cop and we would not have have to dump he -- gary Fine . sorry . jimbo Fine . gary I be just say ... maybe you do not break it all the way . jimbo ( walk away ) it be break . gary I be just say ... maybe it be like hypothermia and he just look dead . jimbo it - be - broken ! Gary , embarrassed , dig in the trash with he foot . 25 int . garage - continuous 25 Margaret , still in she bathrobe , walk to the fridge . as she put she hand on the latch , she notice the pile of pop can on the floor . she tug on the door . it open just a crack before the chain stop it . the freeze head peek through the slight gap . Margaret sigh , try to push the fridge door close , but the body be in the way . she give the door a hip check . the door latch shut while something freeze and brittle inside crack . Margaret , oblivious , walk away . 26 int . kitchen oven 26 a chicken sit in a pan , the rest of the room visible behind it through the oven door window . margaret ( o.s. ) Paul ? why be the fridge in the garage chain shut ? paul how 's my angel tonight ? margaret blow I . dinner 's almost ready . you feel like some wine ? I feel like some wine . Paul walk to the oven , open the door and pat the chicken . Stone cold . paul sweetie , here 's a crazy think ... I do not feel like chicken tonight , why do not we order in ? margaret fuck it , okay . paul there 's actually something we need to talk about . it 's about Raymond . he 's back . Paul smile bravely as he shut the oven door . behind the chicken , Margaret do not look happy as Paul start to explain . she rush from the room . 27/28 tight on : tv screen 27/28 Home video of raymond ( then early 30 ) , fat , physically impose and the only person not in festive tropical gear , stand in a vfw hall decorate in a Caribbean theme . ( he be definitely not the same person Paul have cool in the fridge . ) a large banner behind he proclaim " happy 10 th anniversary - bon voyage . " raymond ( a little drunk ) okay , I never think it would last this long , but see as how it have ... there ya go . let I just say that my brother , old " puddle mcbarnesy " do better than he should have . a young , somewhat tipsy Paul come into frame , put a arm around he brother and smile . paul what ' cha say there Raymond ? wha ' cha say ' bout I ? Raymond shake he brother 's arm off he shoulder . raymond enough , ok ? paul ( sing -songy ) Ray 's a little jeallllllllous . this be the one that get away , right Ray ? the crowd laugh as Paul reach over and muss up he brother 's hair . Raymond , furious , grab he brother by the lapel and throw he roughly to the floor . the laughter stop . margaret ( o.s. ) leave he alone , ball licker ! raymond and shut that thing -- the screen turn to snow . we be ... Paul at he desk , watch the video on a small tv in the wall unit . he turn he attention to a large cardboard box fill with document , souvenir , old report card ... on the tv play behind he ( the second part of the tape ) , Margaret be picture on a cruise ship , sun herself . Paul , obviously behind the camera , watch as Margaret take a tropical drink from a waiter be tray , who promptly dump it all over she . but instead of the expect burst of profanity , Margaret just laugh . margaret that 's okay , do not worry about it . ( as the waiter walk off ) I would like the next one in a cup , please . Paul put aside a fade hotel postcard from Hawaii and dig out a insurance policy out of the box . on the last page be a list of the payout . loss of a limb : $ 100,000 . loss of thumb : $ 5,000 . accidental death : $ 1,000,000 . and , as a extra bonus , Raymond 's birth certificate . perfect . Paul take out the credit card application from work , and start to write ... paul ( to himself ) Raymond ... barnell . 29 ext . tobogganing hill - late afternoon 29 laughing child on toboggan , inner tube and discard cardboard box slide down a snow cover hill against a slate gray sky . it 's a isolate area on the outskirt of the city . 30 int . gary and jimbo' car - continuous 30 Gary and jimbo sit in they car in the parking area . jimbo which one 's you sister 's kid ? gary see the one on the little bike-thing ? him . jimbo ( hesitant ) you be alright with this ? gary the thing with the guy ? ya know , I think it might kinda mess I up ... jimbo first time for both of we . gary ... but I have be sleep really well . jimbo yeah . ' course , you do not actually ... jimbo mimic snap someone 's neck . it 's clearly not a gesture he enjoy . as Gary look at he , a cadillac pull up beside they . behind the wheel be dave ( 5as ) well dress , in a thuggish kinda way . jimbo and Gary share a nervous look . 31 ext . top of the hill - continuous 31 about 50 yard away from the two car , Gary 's nephew be have he snowrider ( a tricycle with skis instead of wheel ) hijacked by a playground bully in a red parka . a tug o' war for the toy ensue as Gary and jimbo get out of they car . nephew leggo ... it 's mine . uncle Gary ! 32 ext . parking area 32 Gary and jimbo be lean close to the cadillac 's open window . Dave do not look happy . dave ( to jimbo ) wait a minute . he 's disappear ? Gary wave to he nephew . gary ( shouting ) you just ... hang in there , billy ! jimbo yeah . but he 's dead . I mean , that part , no question . dave yeah ? take off you coat . and you shirt , too . jimbo know better than to argue . he strip down , expose he corpulent middle - age belly to the chilly winter wind . jimbo I be not wear a wire , Dave , if that 's what this be about . gary it be we first time . no one get it perfect they first time . dave you too , sweetie . Gary be about to comply when the sound of a fight on the toboggane hill cause they all to look over , just in time to see gary nephew shove to ground . the bully laugh as he slide away . gary Excuse I for a second . Gary trot toward the hill . jimbo can not believe it . jimbo Gary ! we be in the middle of something . gary ( call back ) hey , I be suppose to be look after he . jimbo turn back to Dave , shrugging sheepishly . dave be he ...? jimbo he 's fine . look , we can take you there right now . we will show you . behind they on the hill , Gary try to retrieve he nephew 's snowrider from the bully . he be fail . dave show I what ? a empty trash dumpster ? it be suppose to look like a accident . I be hope to see it in the paper . so help I , if this guy pop up somewhere ... while jimbo do he best to stay warm , behind he on the hill , Gary can only watch as the bully slide away . bully ( echoing in the cold ) fag ! Big homo ! jimbo he will not . he can not . he 's -- dave proof , jimbo . I like to know my money 's well spend . you get a week . Dave drive off as Gary walk over with he sniffling nephew . gary slippery little sucker . you mind if we stop at a toy store on the way back ? 33 omitted 33 a 33 int . barnell home / bedroom - night a 33 high angle on : Paul and Margaret in bed . Margaret take up more than she share of the bed , she arm toss over she husband . Paul , on he third of the bed , look as if he 's lie in state . but Paul 's not sleep . 34 ext . barnell home - morning 34 a newspaper clear the " for sale - price reduce ! " sign on the front lawn and land with a thud on the step . 35 int . garage - continuous 35 Paul have the " Morning News " on the hood of he car . he look over at the fridge , still padlock . paul ( to himself ) let 's see if anyone 's miss you . he flip through each section . there 's nothing . Paul walk to the fridge . paul ( cont would ) ( to the corpse ) I do not know what kind of man let 's himself just freeze to death in the trash , but I be never one to preach . Way I see it , you have probably get family somewhere and they would probably appreciate see you get a decent funeral , even if it 's not really ... yours . Paul , somewhat befuddle , gently pat the fridge door . 36 omitted 36 37 int . barnell home / live room - later 37 Margaret push the vacuum across the floor , hum to herself . Paul walk by slip into he coat . he notice that the vacuum be not plugge in . without miss a beat , he walk over and plug it into the outlet . the vacuum roar to life . Margaret do not flinch . Paul head out the door . 38 omitted 38 39 omitted 39 40 ext . wooded area - later 40 a way out in the forest . only two house on this turn - out ; a cozy look live in cabin sit up the road from a seemingly desert rundown mobile home . a car pull up . a40 int . paul be car - continuous a40 Paul adjust a pillow he have tape to he stomach , then pull on a blue ski mask . 41 ext . barnell mobile home - moment later 41 Paul undoe the bungee cord and drag he snowblower out of the trunk . he fire up the snowblower and start to plow the drive way of both house . mrs . wherry ( 80s ) , in she bathrobe , look out the window of the cozy cabin . a tad confuse , she wave to the man in the blue parka . the blue parka wave back . 42 int . paul' kitchen - night 42 Paul walk in from the garage , pull off he blue parka . Margaret enter from the live room . ( Paul still have the pillow tape to he front , which Margaret happily poke with a finger but never mention . ) margaret ( nervous ) he 's not here , be he ? paul sweetie , do not you worry about Raymond . margaret when he 's around , it just bring back ... fuck . paul I know . he , he say he 's probably gonna head back down South soon . Margaret smile , relieved . the phone ring . Paul pick up . 43 int . mrs . wherry home - continuous 43 Mrs. wherry talk on the phone in she kitchen . the head of a large antelope be mount on the wall behind she . mrs . wherry Paul ? thank you so much for clear the drive way . that be most considerate . paul I be afraid I do not understand Mrs. wherry . mrs . wherry you be out at the cabin this morning . Nice to see you get some use out of that thing . 44 int . paul' kitchen 44 Paul shake off he boot . paul oh I see . no , you see that must have be Raymond . ( beat ) very much so . no , no one be more surprised than we be . ( beat ) no , he 's ... indispose right now , but I be sure you will see he again . he 's go to stay at the cabin for a while until he ... leave . and bless you too . 45 omitted 45 46 omitted 46 47 ext . wilderness road - night 47 a " moose xing " sign be briefly illuminate by Paul 's car 's headlight as it head up a snow pack mountain road . the distant light of the city be swallow by the thick forest of fir tree that line the road . 48 int . paul be car - continuous 48 Paul , nervous , sing along to " escape " on the radio . paul " ... it be my own lovely lady , and she say , oh it 's you ... " a48 ext . wilderness road / turnout - night a48 Paul pull off . kill he headlight . pop the trunk . 49 ext . forest - later 49 the corpse , now in Raymond 's clothing and the blue parka , lie face up on the aloha Airlines promotional surfboard be lurched forward by Paul , who wear a pair of snowshoe . on the body 's chest lie a second pair of snowshoe . somewhere , a wolf howl . 50 ext . top / bottom of a ridge - later 50 Paul at the top of a 25 foot drop . he roll the corpse , now wear the other set of snowshoe , over the side . it bounce down , landing in the snow with a soft whumph ! 51 omitted 51 52 int . paul be home / kitchen - dawn 52 Paul sit in a seem stupor at the kitchen table . a ding from the microwave snap he out of he catatonic state . he walk to the appliance , take out he now re-heat coffee , check he watch and head out . 53 ext . top of the ridge / forest - morning 53 Paul , wear snowshoe and carry the surfboard , peek over the edge . paul be Pov : down at the corpse , exactly as it be last night . paul well come on ! how much easier do I have to make this ? his word echo in the cold wilderness . 54 int . paul' kitchen - day 54 jodie the dog be in a complete frenzy , jump up and down at the foot of Paul who stand over a sizzling fry pan full of bacon . he check the bacon 's consistency with a fork . still pretty raw . he take the bacon and lay it on a plate . beside the pan on the counter sit a baseball cap and a stapler . Paul carefully take each strip of bacon and staple it to the peak of the ball cap . he hold it up . the bacon hang down like fringe . Margaret appear in the doorway . margaret Paul ? paul ( startle ) Holy -- Margaret , you scared the wit out of I . Margaret lift up jodie , who 's desperately try to get at the hat . margaret she just want that bacon . paul such a little puppy . how late be " rudy " open ? 55 ext . shopping CENTER / rudy market - late afternoon 55 a large sign outside advertise " Fresh moose meat " . Paul run out with a shopping bag , jump in he car and drive off . 56 ext . bottom of the ridge - sunset 56 Paul , carry the shopping bag , he painfully pick he way down the rock face toward the corpse . paul ( really bad british accent ) you may want to take a gander . you may want to take a gander ... CUT to : 57 ext . bottom of the ridge - sunset 57 the bacon hat -- as Paul pull it snug on the corpse 's head . he pull the bloody steak from the shopping bag and start to smear they on the corpse 's parka . drop of blood hit the snow at the body 's foot and disappear . Paul drape the steak on the body , tucking one under a arm , the other hang from a pocket . he pause for moment , then pull out a container of lard and , fight he own revulsion , smear it across the dead man 's face . paul sorry about this part . Paul pat the body on the shoulder , then look up at the ridge and the long journey ahead . 58 ext . bottom of ridge - night 58 a wolf appear in the moonlight . follow by another , and another . they approach the corpse ... 59 ext . highway turnout / clearing - day 59 snowmobile scream to the site as people tramp through the thick snow , cover all of Paul 's hard work . a ambulance and State Conservation vehicle pack the area where Paul first pull off . yellow police tape be strung between fir tree mark a path toward the ridge . 60 ext . bottom of ridge - day 60 the corpse be cover with a tarp . the area be litter with blood , animal track and bit of blue parka . police officer and tough look local snowmobilers mill about the corpse , take turn lift the tarp that cover the body . a few yard away , detective boyle ( 60 ) talk to a seemingly distraught Paul . detective boyle ( look at the ridge ) if it 's any comfort to you , he likely be not eat while conscious . do he say where he would be live , before he come home ? paul Florida . he do not really talk about it much . he bring we this shell . Paul hold up a sea shell , obviously from the display at he office . tear well up in he eye . paul ( cont would ) it 's really all we have leave . he would be go for five year . we would give he up -- detective boyle -- for dead , yes sir . paul how do you ...? detective boyle anonymous phone tip from some jamaican guy . ( Paul show no reaction ) Said he see what look like a body . we track you through he id . paul just like on tv . boyle nod sympathetically paul ( cont would ) I have get to see he . please . Paul start to make he way to the body . boyle stop he . detective boyle Mr. barnell , I should warn you , a animal attack be not pretty . there 's not much leave . Paul nod . they make they way over to the tarp . boyle pull it back . detective boyle ( cont would ) be that you brother , sir ? Paul lean in -- the man 's face be hamburger . Paul nod . paul they chew he ear off . what kind of animal do something like that ? detective boyle normally I would say bear , but this track and the feed pattern indicate wolf . it 's rare , but it can happen . boyle pull the cover back over the body . boyle hand barnell a clear baggie with the dead man 's wallet inside . detective boyle ( cont would ) you brother 's personal effect . we have get some people with the victim 's assistance program who can help you through this . marcie ? marcie , a female police officer , walk a distraught Paul away . as they go , another female cop approach . female cop coroner find some smaller bite mark on the ankle . detective boyle pup . must have be the whole freakin ' pack . female cop you want a autopsy ? detective boyle on what ? female cop derek find this . she hold up a clear evidence bag with the remnant of a strip of bacon on the inside . detective boyle not the smartest snack for a hiker . female cop messy animal be not they ? detective boyle messy . messy messy messy messy . 61 int . inflatable golf dome - late afternoon 61 the second level of a large indoor drive range / mini golf course . the sound of club smacking golf ball echo as a intense Ted " waggle " before he shot . on he back -sw , Tiffany throw she arm around he from behind . ted I take it you be do ? tiffany yup . ted wanna hit some of mine ? tiffany ( hugging he harder ) nope . he turn , laughing . they kiss as she playfully start to grope he . ted now this be definitely a violation of golf dome policy . tiffany must be all this talk about use you wood . ted Woods . so maybe later I can ... check you grip ? tiffany secret ? ted my dirty talk suck ? tiffany I like it when you try , though . Tiffany give he a peck and flit back to a nearby chair . he hit one , sky it into a low hang light . ted you know in some state they actually do this outside ? Tiffany look over at one of the tacky tropically - theme would mini-golf hole . tiffany so how many insurance company be there in the United States ? like , a billion . ted that 's not the point , tiff . I have bust my ass for Liberty Capital . I do not want to quit . I deserve to be promote out of this ice bound backwater . tiffany and when it happen , I guess I will just be another notch on you briefcase . ted I can not believe you say that . you know you be ... he look around . embarrass , he lower he voice . ted ( cont would ) ... the most important thing in my life . tiffany ( smile / shouting ) sorry , what be that ! you want to take I right here ? as other golfers look over , Tiffany and Ted share a warm smile , the moment only break by the ringing of a cell phone . she sigh , unzip Ted 's gym bag and answer he phone . tiffany ( cont would ) psychic ... uhm , sorry , hello ? yeah . look , be this a matter of life and death , because right now he 's ... suddenly concerned , she hand the phone to Ted . ted hello ? ( beat ) you be kid I . ( almost stunne ) yeah , I will hold . tiffany you Mom ? ted million dollar life policy just check . tiffany on a Saturday ? what about the first annual golf , sex and pizza triathlon ? ted look , if this be ... who I think it be , I may have find we a ticket out of here . tiffany we do not need a ticket . Tiffany stand , know it 's no use argue , she pull on she coat . Ted try to give she a hug . she fall into he embrace , but do not hug he back . tiffany ( cont would ) do not be late , ok ? ted you will not even know I be go . corpse's Pov : Black . the drawer be pull open . we be ... 62 int . CITY morgue ( body tray ) 62 Ted , cam and detective boyle stand at the end near the foot . a white sheet cover most of the decease . detective boyle that 's he . Raymond barnell . ted could you ? boyle move toward the head and pull back the cover . Ted recoil . cam lean in for a closer look . cam ouch . that 's gotta hurt . ted so what 's you line on this ? detective boyle just what it look like . wolf get he . maybe a grizzly with insomnia , but we do not find any track . ted would it surprise you to learn he brother try to cash in he policy two week ago ? detective boyle you try to tell I Mr. barnell chew off he brother 's leg ? ted do not that make you the least bit suspicious ? detective boyle Mr. watter , this be a nice simple end . we like nice simple ending . ted but should not you -- detective boyle ya know , I do not know thing one about insurance , but I be guess it 's you job to find a way not to pay this poor people . cam hey now , we be just like you guy , gotta run down whatever lead we can find . Ted walk down to the head of the victim , pull out a camcorder and start to tape the body . ted detective , we be a insurance company , not the salvation Army . detective boyle mind tell I what you be do ? cam they give every claim team a video camera last quarter ... you would be amaze at how it cut down on litigation . we have this case two month ago where this mother of six be claim ... detective boyle I have get my own war storey , thanks . you mind stop that ? ted just do -- detective boyle you job ? yes , I catch that . as Ted get he last shot , boyle cover the body back up and slide the drawer shut with a loud clang . Black . 63 ext . paul be house - sunset 63 tv news camera Pov : of Paul , stand on he stoop , as he 's interview by a well make - up female tv reporter ( 20 ) dress for the cold . tv reporter you ready Mr. barnell ? paul yes . the camera man flick on he light as Paul squint . tv reporter the police tell we what happen , how be you folk hold up ? margaret ( o.s. ) Paul ? who 's out there ? Paul reach back , and , as discretely as possible , grab the door handle to keep Margaret from open it . paul obviously , my wife 's very upset ... margaret ( o.s. ) Paul , the door 's stick ! Margaret start to hammer rhythmically on the door . paul ( ignore she ) it 's be a tough , you know , when something like this happen you just have to ask yourself ... margaret ( o.s. ) who fuck with the fuck door ! paul you can see how stressful it 's be , I should really go now . we have to plan a service . and with that , Paul open he front door and duck inside , quickly shutting it behind he . 64 int . branch office - day 64 branch , very unhappy , flip through some papers then look up at Ted and cam . ted this be not a standard case . you be there when this guy come in look to cash in . c'mon , it stink . branch secondly , if the police say this guy be ... cam eaten by wolf . sir. branch ( incredulous ) eaten by wolf , then we have get no case . do you see Mr. barnell on the news last night ? last thing we need be bad p.r. I do not want this thing valdeez- on we . ted Mr. branch , I be sure head office would take a rather dim view of we -- branch corporate 's view will be whatever I tell they . cam , see he partner be about to get himself into a heap of trouble , hustle he toward the door . cam yes Sir . Color we call off , as of now . 65 int . insurance office - moment later 65 Ted and cam walk through the cubicle . ted stop look at I right now . cam you have get a strange way of buck for a promotion , my friend . ( off Ted 's look ) look , I be gonna start on the johnasen file . you want to do up the paper work on barnell ? Ted grab he coat . cam ( cont would ) where ya go ? ted lunch . cam at 9:30 ? Ted be out the door . 66 int . " barnell great escape TRAVEL " - day 66 Ted sit across the desk from Paul . as per usual , the place be a tomb . ted the police say they find Raymond 's wallet , that 's how they track you down ? paul that 's right , yes . ted any idea what he be do out there ? paul he would go for walk . hike , I mean . hiking . ted how sporty . be he a big hiker ? paul not sure I follow . ted do he hike more than once a week ? or be this a ... one time thing ? paul can I ask why you need to know all this ? ted just try to tie up a few loose end . paul you know the police ... they say Raymond die in the attack . you do cover that sort of thing do not you ? ted ( force smile ) yes sir . it should not take more than a few day . now , tell I a little more about you brother . the hiker . 67 ext . strip mall parking lot - moment later 67 Gary and jimbo 's car park in the lot . Gary be just return to the vehicle with a brown paper bag . jimbo have the look of man who have not sleep in day . Gary and jimbo be eat fish and chip . the name on the bag be " ye' olde Fish shoppe . " jimbo cod or halibut ? gary do not ask . jimbo ( digging in ) so we get six different store here . we get you " great escape " travel agency , you ye Old Fish and chip place , porn-a-copia video , a hair place , one for lease and one ... what be that ? gary small engine repair . see all the snow blower out front . there be indeed a row of snowblower line up outside . jimbo take another bite of he fish . gary ( cont would ) should move the blower over to the triple X store . Gary laugh . jimbo be in no mood . jimbo so , which one you figure would want to take we friend ? gary I guess maybe the porn palace . ya know for some weird sex film . jimbo yeah , this place be just a hot of adult cinema production . Fish shop look clean ? gary very nice Korean family . you figure maybe they batter he up ? Gary laugh again , then shove jimbo 's shoulder . gary ( cont would ) maybe we be eatin ' he right now . huh ? jimbo Gary , this be not a joke . you ever know Dave to joke ? Gary , embarrassed , take another bite of he fish . jimbo turn up the radio . a local call - in show come on . woman caller ( o.s. ) ... it could never happen . there 's never be a document case -- gary sorry . jimbo yeah , " sorry . " I get strip searched and you go off play snow angel ... radio host ( o.s. ) well , we have get one now , do not we !? woman caller ( o.s. ) that be different . from what I read in the paper he be unconscious . and now people be go to use this as a excuse to -- radio host ( o.s. ) hey lady , why do not you tell Raymond barnell how wolf have get a bad rap . woman caller ( o.s. ) I can tell you from year of experience that wolf do not operate -- jimbo wait a minute . radio host ( o.s. ) you can tell I all you want , lady , but it be a undeniable , indisputable fact . this barnell guy get turn into a scooby snack by a pack of wild animal ... jim' Pov : through the windshield , look at the sign for " barnell great escape Travel . " jimbo and Gary look at each other . maybe ... 68 int . insurance office - day 68 Ted at he cubicle on he phone . ted yeah , hi , it 's Ted watter from Fidelity mutual . ( beat ) I need a complete credit work up on a Raymond barnell ... and Paul , a Paul barnell too ... sure , I will hold . cam walk by , lean he head over the top of the cubicle . cam you start the month end yet ? ted can you take care of it ? I be kinda ... work on something . cam oh God , you be not still on the barnell thing be you -- Ted pull cam down into he cubicle , talk in a harsh whisper . ted I go to see he . cam and ? then ? so ? ted trust I . something 's not right . I can smell it . help I buy a week . cam we be gonna get in such trouble . ted I promise from now on you can come along on everything . cam no more cam go to the coffee room and Ted disappear for three hour ? ted I will try . cam and you will work on you interpersonal skill ? ted ( a long beat ) yes . cam good . now if you will excuse I , I will go start cover you ass . 69 int . barnell home / study - evening 69 Paul sit beside he desk , flipping through travel brochure . Margaret enter , teeter in the doorway . Paul look up . paul hey . how 's my princess ? margaret ok . I take some adavan . and call my psychic . paul ( pick up the phone bill ) honey , you know how expensive that be . I think we agree that ... she move to he , run she hand through he hair . margaret do not be mad . it 's just ... this week have be so ... well with Raymond get eat by animal and someone try to steal the fridge . paul I know . why do not you -- margaret we get another letter from the hmo today . paul have you open it yet ? Margaret start to cry , hold the letter up to she face the sob building to a full blow breakdown . paul ( cont would ) oh hey honey , come on now . margaret I be sorry . it 's just , fuck cocksucker . Paul take the letter , unfold it and read ... paul " as we have state previously ... usual onset before the age of 18 ... couple with no genetic history ... " margaret I be sick ! I be really , really sick ! paul shush , now. ( read again ) " we hasten to add , tourette syndrome be not ... " margaret fuck they . Paul be about to say something , but return to the letter . paul " as well , please reference we previous decision regard you claim for add , odo , ocd , adhophi ... ( tread lightly ) honey . I know you do not like to talk about it , but maybe it 's not ... what we might think it be but ... maybe it 's just stress ? remember that cruise ? I see you . you be happy . Margaret look at he , crestfallen . paul ( cont would ) I be sorry . I be just really tired . margaret they say you can not get it all of a sudden but I do . I really , really do . paul I know . they just do not -- margaret I will kill myself . then they will see . paul that be nonsense talk . margaret then you can go off and ... ( sobbing again ) ... marry someone normal . paul you be the most normal girl I know . margaret I be not crazy , Paul . something 's really wrong with I . he take she to a small sofa , cradle she in he arm . paul I know , sweetie . I know . and we be gonna find you the best specialist in ... ( a second , then confident ) ... what you have that we can . margaret promise ? paul I really think thing be go to turn around . call I cr ... I just have a feel . you just leave everything to I , ok ? be that ok ? leave everything to I ? I promise . margaret ( gently ) shit bag . paul that 's my girl . CUT to : tight on : tv screen 70/71 int . ted' apartment - night 70/71 where Edward G. Robinson ( as the character key in " double Indemnity " ) grill a man about a fake insurance claim . edward G. robinson " every time one of this phony come along it tie knot in my stomach ... I can not eat . that 's how I know you claim be crooked ... " at the sound of doorbell , the whole scene freeze . we be -- Tiffany at she desk , work on the computer . Ted have pause the dvd , put down the barnell file and open the door on a snow cover pizza guy , soggy pizza box in hand . ted hey . pizza guy hi there . that will be $ 12.97 . Ted look at he watch . ted what about thirty minute or free ? pizza guy do not apply when it 's snow . ted ( digging out he wallet ) so nine month of the year you guarantee be worthless ? pizza guy it do not snow every day . ted they should really tell people when they order . tiffany would you just give he the money already ? pizza guy it 's not my decision . ted I know that . I be just say . pizza guy sure . ted you understand though ? pizza guy absolutely . ted it would not take much . pizza guy full disclosure to the pizza consumer . I will be sure to pass that along . the delivery guy leave . Ted walk back into the live room . Tiffany come over , grab a slice . tiffany why you gotta argue with the service industry ? ted the problem with people today be they do not expect anyone to tell the truth . we have just come to accept lie as acceptable . tiffany if this be another passive / aggressive shot at psychic buddy , all we ad state " for amusement purpose only . " ted tiff , it have nothing to do with ... look , just forget it . tiffany you remember be amused , do not ya , honey ? what be with you anyway ? ted want to know what 's " with " I ? I be on the verge of crack the biggest case of my career , one that corporate have to notice , and nobody give a crap . not my boss , and not even my girlfriend . tiffany so this be my fault ? ted no , it 's not you fault . I just want to live somewhere where road hazard do not have antler and the pizza do not have to be deliver by dogsle . Tiffany storm off as Ted flop onto the couch , swipe the snow from the top of the pizza box and hit play on the dvd . edward G. robinson " what kind of outfit be this , anyway ? be we a insurance company or a bunch of dim - witted amateur to write a policy on a mug like that ? " Tiffany turn from the bedroom door , almost in tear . tiffany you know , even though Edward G. Robinson win , everyone like Fred macmurray better . she slam the door . Ted do not move , lose in he own world . 72 int . mrs . wherry house / live room - day 72 Ted and Mrs. wherry sit on plastic cover furniture . the mount head of several dozen dead animal , fox , wolf , elk , surround they . Ted take note . mrs . wherry it be terrible . just terrible . Raymond should have know better . ted ( be : the mount head ) all this yours ? mrs . wherry greatest sport on earth . move to a compound bow two year ago . ( whisper ) arthritis . less draw weight . she mimic pull back a imaginary bow with she bony hand . mrs . wherry ( cont would ) coffee ok ? ted I be fine . do you talk to Raymond at all when he come home ? be he get along with he brother ? mrs . wherry no . only see he the once . never speak . wave to he . ted wave ? mrs . wherry he be clear my driveway . Raymond be a real hellcat when he be young . but like they say , time mellow even the hardest soul . ted be he much of a outdoorsman ? mrs . wherry I think it be Paul at first . have you meet Paul 's wife ? now there 's a story . not that I be much for gossip , but I think Raymond use to have a -- ted Mrs. wherry , I be sorry , but -- mrs . wherry sorry . do Raymond like the outdoors . not so much , no . like live out here at the cabin , though . I think he have some friend on the police force . have you talk to they ? they would pull up here day and night , always look for -- ted I be sorry , do you say you think it be Paul who do you driveway ? mrs . wherry well in a ski mask you can hardly tell who 's who . now , how ' bout some jerky ? I have get it drying out back . 73 int . insurance office - day 73 Ted at he cubicle , think hard as he chew on some jerky as he work the phone . snow whip by outside the window . ted ( just wait to cut in ) that 's really super , Simon . now how would you like to run some name for I ? Ted see cam reflect in he dark computer screen . annoy , he put he hand over the receiver . ted ( cont would ) you mind ? cam now , now . let 's not forget who 's pull double duty . ted ( hang up ) Simon , I will call you back . ( to cam : force ) sorry . cam much better . so ? ted turn out we Mr. barnell be mortgage to the nut . his business be about one step away from chapter 11 . plus it 's like he brother Raymond never exist . he 's get no credit history , no nothing for the last five year . cam ya know , not have a credit history be not actually a crime . people around here have be know to swap a snow mobile for 500 pound of venison . do not exactly leave a paper trail . ted yes , but he be in Florida , someplace . plus , the only thing he do after he recent " reappearance " be get some new id and a new credit card . do not charge anything . cam wow . less than nothing . ted it 's something . cam no it 's not ... in my humble , junior investigator 's opinion . the phone ring . Ted pick up . ted watter , claim . yeah , hang on ... ( to cam ) it 's personal . I promise . cam shrug , walk off . Ted wait ' till he 's go ... ted ( cont would ) Mr. barnell ... you ear must have be burn , I be just -- sure , what time ? Ted be scribbling down something on a pad of paper . 74 ext . graveyard - day ( full on blizzard ) 74 tombstone , barely visible through the blow snow , dot the top of a small hill on the outskirt of town . a small group of mourner try to keep warm . Paul and Margaret , avis , two other friend and the minister huddle against the cold . minister when someone be take from we at such a young age we often ask ourselves , why ? what possible purpose could this serve ? the Minister be temporarily lose from view . minister ( cont would ) ( just a voice in the white ) why be God , who be a loving God , capable of such thing ... the snow clear . Paul , a pillar of strength , discreetly check he watch then sneak a concerned look at Margaret who busily grin at everyone in sight . Ted 's car pull into the parking area . 75 int . jimbo' car / graveyard parking lot - continuous 75 Gary and jimbo sit in they vehicle , watch as Ted get out of he car and be swallow in a white out . he reappear a moment later farther up the hill . gary we should have check the funeral announcement right away . jimbo shoot . 76 ext . graveyard 76 a wind gust rock the casket just as it 's lower into the freeze earth . the funeral break up quickly as Paul and he wife shake hand with the minister . paul that be lovely , thank you so much . minister Margaret , Paul , you two get some sleep . Paul look nervously at Margaret , who be about to reply . as she mouth engage , a gust of wind obliterate most of she word , except for ... margaret ... nun banger . the Minister smile , he must have misunderstand . minister absolutely . Paul turn to see Ted approach . a blast of snow obscure he view . when Ted reappear , he 's just a few step away . ted Mr. barnell . there be no hurry on this , we could wait until -- paul it 's ok . we just wrap up . this be my wife , Margaret . as they shake hand , and Margaret open she mouth to speak ... paul ( cont would ) why do not you wait in the car , sweetheart ? margaret okee dokee , smokee . Margaret smile and totter off . paul she 's under a little strain right now . Ted look down the hill at a small group of tv news van , the reporter just now venture out into the cold . ted I see the media 's here . they do not give people a moment 's peace , do they ? paul I call they . ted ( surprised ) really ? paul well , they have be ask I to talk some more about Raymond . I think now might be a appropriate time . ted and you will just happen to mention you heartless insurance company that have not pay off you policy yet . paul I have to borrow money for the casket , Mr. Ted . ted you be break my heart . paul no , I doubt that . they ask I to bring some photo of Raymond . guess it 's gonna be a pretty big story . he pull out some shot of he brother . they whip around in the wind and blow snow . paul ( cont would ) of course , we could walk over there together . you could tell they how deeply move you be by this tragedy and how ... the check be on its way ? Ted think , grudgingly impressed with Paul 's ploy . ted enjoy you press conference , Mr. barnell . Paul stuff the photo back in he pocket and walk down the hill . Ted watch he go , be about to leave when a gust of wind force he to avert he eye . look down he see a photo of Raymond barnell , on the beach in swim trunk . must have fall . Ted pocket it and move on . a76 int . gary apartment - night a76 jimbo that 's you plan ? gary how tough can it be ? jimbo you ever try digging through six foot of half freeze sod ? we would need a back hoe . can you operate a back hoe ? do you know where we would get a back hoe ? we do not even know for sure ... gary oh please . do not you think it 's a pretty neat coincidence ? jimbo maybe we just go explain it to Dave . gary he will not take it well . jimbo then I be all for new option , here , Gary . ( beat ) if we give the money back -- gary hey , wait a minute , now . we do the job . we deserve the -- jimbo I do the job , Gary . I know , because I have not be sleep for the last week . gary I do not know why you be let it get to you like this . look , let 's just not rush into anything . it 's my turn to step up . I know that . I be on it . they look on as Paul be interview by the reporter . 77 omitted 77 78 int . paul be home / kitchen - morning 78 Margaret wash down some pill with she morning coffee as she look at a fawn in the backyard , nibble on a bush . margaret hey little , bambi . where 's you mommy ? gettin ' it from some ten point buck . yes she be . yes she be . just then , a thumping sound from the garage cause the fawn to bolt . Margaret turn , suspicious . she pick up the portable phone as she move toward the door . 79 int . garage 79 Gary stick he head inside the now unchain fridge , grab a can of soda from the door rack and close the door . a moment later , he reopen the door ... there , hang off the frosty inside , be a chunk of the dead man 's hair and scalp . Gary pull it off , not sure what it mean , but sure it mean something . unseen behind he , Margaret step into the garage . she quickly assess the situation . margaret stay away from we fuck appliance . Gary spin , shocked to see Margaret . gary Lady , just calm down . Margaret , eye wide with fear , unleash a hailstorm of soda can , knickknack , gardening implement and anything else she can lay she hand on . gary ( cont would ) hey ! would you ... Lady ... I have a-- he try to close in on she , but the torrent of stuff ( a rake , a whipper -snipper , a old pair of skate ... ) keep he pin down . finally , he manage to grab he gun from he pocket . but even as he raise it ... a bissel handvac catch he flush in the face . gary ( cont would ) sud of a bit ! he drop to he knee , grab he nose , which be now gush blood . Margaret reach for she portable phone and start punch number . margaret you be in so much trouble . Gary stand , piss off , gun aim at Margaret 's head . gary Lady , so help I I -- Gary duck as the phone whizze over he head and smashes against the garage wall . he stare at she . game over . 80 int . warehouse - day 80 a standard corrugate metal storage facility . snow fall in from a large hole that 's be cut in the roof . cam and Ted , clipboard in hand , stand by the owner , mr. spellman ( 5as ) . cam so you be a souvenir wholesaler ? spellman for the cruise ship trade , mostly . usual stuff , stuff animal , you husky , you moose , you baby seal , you whale , you walrus -- ted they come in through there ? spellman ( look up / duh ! ) yeah . through that ... big hole in the roof . I get a list of all the thing that be miss . Ted stare up at the sky through the ceiling . ted how much ? spellman uh , we figure about 200,000 , plus fix the roof . now I know you guy be gonna bust my -- ted fax over you estimate . we will have you a check by Friday . cam ( take Ted aside ) Ted . maybe we should take a look at they inventory list first ? ted this be a simple case , cam . bad guy , through roof , steal stuff . let 's clear it and get go . spellman I should tell you ... we also have some vcr we be hold for another company . that could run another couple of ... ted cam ? you wanna wrap this up ? ( off he look ) gotta go primary some time . cam shrug -- " sure . " Ted hand he he clipboard and walk out , the door close behind he with a loud bang . cam Mr. spellman ? now I notice a nice look computer in you office . why do you think they leave that ? 81 int . barnell home / live room - later 81 Margaret sit tape to a lazy - Boy recliner . Gary , who 's still bleed from the nose , sit across from she . margaret you try and rape I , I swear to Christ I will bite it off . Gary look confuse . the doorbell chime , play " tiny bubbles . " ( we stay in the live room as Gary answer it . ) jimbo ( o.s. ) what 's go on ? gary ( o.s. ) okay , now here 's the thing , just keep a open mind . they both enter the room . jimbo look at Gary , be about to smack he when ... margaret so what now , you gonna get I smokin ' from both end ? Gary and jimbo have no idea how to react . Margaret sense they discomfort , start to relax . gary I just come to look around , but she start yell and hit I ... margaret oh please . jimbo how the hell be this solving we problem ? how be this step up ? gary just listen , okay . margaret yeah , listen , if the fat from you neck have not stop up you ear . jimbo look confuse . Gary usher he into the other room . 82 int . barnell home / kitchen - later 82 Gary and jimbo sit at the table , talk . jimbo 's not happy . jimbo this be not what we do . gary it be now . jimbo where would we stash she ? you place ? gary too small , plus we would have to get she in and out without anyone see . and I have see that sty you call a apartment . jimbo see , it 's just a bad idea . gary yeah . maybe . ( a possible idea ) you see the whirlpool tub ? jimbo you can not be serious . gary it could be like a little getaway . off jimbo , consider this . 83 ext . barnell home - night 83 Paul pull up , hit the garage door opener and drive in . 84 int . barnell home / kitchen 84 Paul walk in from the garage , pull off he jacket . paul hey maggie-magster . how ya -- Paul stop short as he see Margaret , Gary and jimbo sit around the table . Margaret 's mouth be tape shut . Paul be about to lunge at the man when Gary slide he gun into view . he stop . paul ( cont would ) what be you people do in my house ? gary Mr. barnell . you have something that belong to we . paul I , I do not know what you be talk about . jimbo do you remember a dead man you find in the dumpster behind you office ? Paul , shocked , try to hold it together . paul no , I can not say that ... I mean that would probably stick in my mind a... dead body . gary think hard Mr. barnell . he toss the freeze lock of hair onto the table . gary ( cont would ) think hard . Paul realize he 's screw , gesture to the live room . 85 int . barnell home / live room - later 85 Gary sit on the sofa as Paul pace . gary I think it might be some weirdo sex thing , ya know ? but you look like a pretty straight arrow . so then I be think , maybe it 's a scam . maybe somehow we friend be worth some money to you . Paul face let Gary know he 's dead on . gary ( cont would ) so what would you collect ? paul we , we have a life insurance policy on my brother . it be for ... 100,000 dollar . gary you know , it 's always you quiet guy . here 's how it 's go to work . we stay here with you wife , you go get we guy . paul here ? gary we even see you or a cop even roll past , she 's dead . plus you will have to explain how you scamm the insurance people out of they hard earn money . we will call you in three day . have the body and , let 's say 50,000 dollar for we trouble . screw with we , we start mailing you wife back to you . Gary pause for dramatic effect . gary ( cont would ) start with she foot . 86 int . kitchen - later 86 Gary walk in on jimbo and Margaret , still gag . jimbo he go ? Gary nod , well pleased with himself . gary he be scared . really scared . jimbo you use the foot thing , do not you ? gary no . 87 int . ted' apartment - night 87 Tiffany come through the door carry a sack of grocery . tiffany hey , little help here . I get pop tart . she see the live room wall -- it 's cover with chart , diagram and theory . Ted on the floor , remote control in hand , replaying the shot of the body over and over ... tiffany ( cont would ) ( be : the screen ) do not tell I , " sound of Music " ? ( no reaction ) honey ? you ok ? ted shhhh . this be the important part . Ted rewind the tape , hit play , rewind it again as -- Tiffany watch , quietly at first , then with grow frustration . finally , she walk over and grab the remote control . ted ( cont would ) I be watch that . tiffany this stop now . this case be make I and you crazy , especially you . no response . Tiffany plop on the sofa and start leaf through Ted 's file . tiffany ( cont would ) ya know , I be try to be supportive . lead expert agree that 's the number one complaint man have about they mate . ted I do not have any complaint about my ... you . tiffany ( be : the file ) Dead guy 's get a record ? cool . ted yeah . he beat the hell out of some guy in bar fight . break the guy 's eye socket . Tiffany scan the file , then look up at the screen . tiffany honey ? ted yeah ? tiffany I think you should read this again . he look . she toss he the file . 88 int . barnell home / kitchen - night 88 Margaret , still tape to a chair , sit at the kitchen table . by the stove , Gary be cooking , a apron tie like a bath towel around he waist . margaret we do not have any money , you know . gary Lady . please . margaret if you want Raymond 's fuck insurance money ... we do not have that either . gary it 's none of you business what we want . Gary go back to he cooking . then ... gary ( cont would ) so how come you talk like you do ? I mean , cursing all the time . margaret it 's a disease . it 's call tourette syndrome . I can not control what I say . turnip . gary really ? margaret you have take a handicapped person hostage . I hope you be proud of yourself . gary I see this thing on tv where they say people with that do not usually curse . margaret they must have get it wrong . gary I do not think so . it be a movie of the week base on real event . do not most of tourette 's people twitch and stuff ? Margaret just glare . gary ( cont would ) ( knowingly ) oh , I get it . you get a spice rack ? margaret over the sink . and what 's that suppose to mean ? gary nothing . cumin ? margaret on the leave . ( beat ) and I be not ... crazy , it 's a physical disease . sometimes I can control it , and sometimes -- gary you can not ? want to know what I think ? I think this " syndrome " be something you read about somewhere and figure , hey , work for I . margaret ass-rimming ball -sucker . gary you can completely abdicate you societal responsibility , say whatever you want whenever you want , and slough it off on a illness . maybe I should catch this thing . " gee , sorry you honor , I have a disease that make I rob 7 - 11 . " it 's call really need a slurpee disease . margaret you have never rob a 7 - 11 in you life you shit eat fuck - weasel . what kind of man threaten a woman with a gun , anyway ? gary you be so fake it . margaret oh , I be fake it ? be this how you get you kick , you over - compensate pussy little fart sack ? Gary , suddenly tense , put down he spoon and pick up he gun . gary hey ! keep you voice down or the gag go back . margaret you do not scare I . if something bad be go to happen , my psychic would have tell I . Gary awkwardly chamber a round , start gesture with the gun , try to look tough . margaret ( cont would ) you put that down now you little bitch , or so help I , I will start yell so loud you will have to shoot I . Gary , confuse and embarrassed , do not know what to do . 89 ext . barnell mobile home - night 89 Paul get out of he car carry a k - Mart bag . he look like he 's be crying . Mrs. wherry wave from she deck . mrs . wherry Paul , sorry to hear about you brother . ( Paul give a sad smile ) you move in ? paul just for a bit . mrs . wherry she will come to she sense . they always do . oh , the septic line be freeze , so you will have to use the outdoor commode . Paul wave as he enter the mobile home , close the door behind he . a light go on . it start to snow . 90 int . barnell mobile home - night 90 Paul walk in , survey 's the interior of the mobile home . paul be Pov : a 7 year old time capsule of a party that be never clean up ; beer bottle , ashtray and general garbage . paul ( to himself ) would it have kill you to clean up before you leave , Raymond ? Paul pick up a small box from the floor , look at the label . edible panty . he put they on top of a stack of porno mag , neaten the pile , then head out . int . bedroom - later high angle on : Paul lie in bed , wide awake , but in the same position we have see he in when he sleep with Margaret . a electric heater glow beside he . 91 ext . barnell mobile home - continuous 91 tight on : car tire as they pull to a stop on the main road . a pair of heavy man 's boot get out , start to make they way toward the mobile home . 92 int . mobile home - late night 92 there 's a knock on the door . Paul head to the door . paul who be it ? man' voice ( o.s. ) State Police . be there a Mr. barnell here ? paul ( as he unlock it ) yes , be there something wrong -- as he open the door a crack , a glove hand shove it open . the force of the blow send Paul staggering backward , landing in a heap against the wall where a picture of he family tumble over and shatter on he head . raymond barnell ( 40s ) , a bear of man , enter , pick up Paul and throw he through the serve kitchen serve hatch . Raymond lean through the hole . raymond hello brother . he walk around , take a copy of " USA today " and throw it at Paul . paul Raymond ? be that ... raymond page 16 , Paul . that 's why I love " USA today " , news from every fuckin ' state . do not you want to read it ? I be eat by wild fuckin ' animal . but ya know , despite that , I be feel pretty god-damn chipper . Paul beat a hasty retreat , stumbling through the mobile home with Raymond right on he heel . paul Raymond , let I tell you what happen here . we all think you be ... raymond Dead ? yeah , I get that impression . paul but you have drop off the face of the earth . raymond and you just decide to make it permanent ? paul but there be no record of you anywhere . I check . with that , Raymond kick he brother hard in the rib . Paul double over , gasp for breath . raymond in certain line of quasi-legal employment , use you actual id can be a hinderance . but despite the reliance on aliase , it 's nice to have you actual birth certificate to fall back on . gotta tell ya , Paul , I be pretty piss . Raymond be about to kick he once more , but Paul put up a hand , begging he to stop . Raymond , relent , then bend over and help he brother to a sit position . raymond ( cont would ) but then I start to think , Paul 's no idiot . he woulda tell them it 's not I . unless ... Paul can only sit there and wheeze . Raymond sit beside he on the floor , pull out a cigarette and light it . raymond ( cont would ) so what be it ? Frame job , lawsuit ... paul life insurance . raymond figure . so where 's my money ? paul you money ? ( a beat ) they be still ... investigate . raymond what you get ? Paul consider whether or not Raymond would even remember . paul fifty thousand . raymond ( with a shrug ) almost worth come back for . what 's the split ? I get half ? paul ( not quite trust he ) okay . sure. ( change the subject ) you look good . lose some weight ? raymond gave up carb . so what be you do out here ? she not go along with it ? paul who? Margaret ? raymond how she hold up , anyway ? paul she 's fine . actually , we be not do so good right now . raymond any kid ? ( off he look ) still can not get one by the goalie , huh . 93 int . barnell home / kitchen - later 93 Gary and Margaret sit in silence , Gary take Margaret 's pulse . jimbo walk in , grocery bag in hand . jimbo hey . gary ( snarky ) hey . jimbo talk to we friend . we be okay for now . how 's everything here ? gary oh , just great . ( to Margaret ) seventy six , perfectly normal . what a shock . Gary jump up and storm into the bathroom just off the kitchen . margaret he 's a little over tired . jimbo it 's be a rough week . margaret ( for Gary 's benefit ) really ? why ? you and you life partner in the shitter have trouble pick a China pattern ? jimbo ( shocked ) um , um ... Gary ? gary ( o.s. ) you turn to deal with it . if I come out of this bathroom I will put a bullet in she head , swear to God . margaret I have a psychiatric disorder . ( to Gary , in the bathroom ) and so do you ! 94 ext . barnell mobile home / driveway - morning 94 Paul , look like a man who recently take a beat , shovel the light snow cover that blanket the drive . he look as Ted 's car pull up . as Ted walk toward he ... paul Mr. watter . you say on the phone something about a resolution in we claim ? ted Mr. barnell . why be you stay out here ? Paul think about this for a long time . then , finally ... paul my wife and I , we be have some problem . ted kind of understandable I guess . see as how you kill that man and dumped he body out in the wood . paul you mean Raymond ? ted no. not Raymond . definitely not Raymond . I think it be at first , but that 's what be throw I ... paul I be not sure I appreciate you tone . ted my tone , Mr. barnell ? you be go to jail . I will personally see to that . paul I really think you should go now . ted you be a liar and thief . Paul stab he shovel into a snow bank , then walk to Ted . paul you know Mr. watter , I have have a pretty rough night , so if you would not mind just leave . Paul try to guide Ted away , but slip and fall on the snow . Ted , roll he eye , reach down to help he up . ted ( notice the bruise ) hey . how would you get all cut up ? mrs . wherry ( o.s. ) what 's say you just move away from he . Ted , with he hand still on Paul , turn to see -- Mrs. wherry , from she porch , a compound bow aim at he forehead . mrs . wherry ( cont would ) you all right there , Paul ? paul I be fine , Mrs. wherry . just go back inside . mrs . wherry I can drop he if you want . paul I be fine . really . ( turn to watter ) I think you would better go . Ted back to he car , get in and drive off . Paul brushes the snow from he jacket , reach up , touch he bleed forehead ( the fall have reopen the wound ) . mrs . wherry I have get some fishing line if you want I to stitch that . Paul wave she off , then stare at the blood on he fingertip . a idea slowly take hold . 95 int . barnell mobile home - moment later 95 Raymond pour whiskey into a 7 - 11 specialty cup as Paul pull off he coat . raymond he give you the check ? paul no . he think I ... it will be fine . raymond maybe I will pay he a little visit . see if we can speed up the process . paul you do not have to ... I figure out a way to take care of thing . raymond yeah , I be watch from the window . Paul , agitate , pull the blind shut . paul you can not do that , Raymond . if someone see you ... raymond ya know , I be think there , paulie . paul about what ? Raymond walk over to Paul . Paul tense , expect to be hit . Raymond move right by to refill he drink . raymond after we get she back from this guy who grab she , you think you wife will be able to keep she mouth shut ? paul I do not think I ... raymond crazy people talk a lot . and I think if you tell you therapist something , they can use it in court . paul she 's not ... she do not have a therapist . raymond ( take a slug ) still , might wanna think about it . paul think about what ? raymond you cross over into the big now , paulie . fraud . consort with felon . get to " cowboy up . " paul cowboy up ? raymond get tough , ya suck -hole . I be just say sometimes a man have to make problematic decision . cull the hear , so to speak . ( off he look ) Paul , come on , just kiddin ' around , here . do not be such a fuckin ' stick . Raymond , a enigma , look at Paul , then grin -- just kid . Paul relax . Raymond tense -- not really . Paul 's not sure how to read he brother as they shoot look at one another -- sibling rivalry ad absurdum . 96 ext . CITY skyline - morning 96 the sky move from dark grey to light grey , then stop . a thermometer outside on a office tower show a brisk minus 20 . worker bundle themselves against the cold , hurry to work past the drift pile alongside the road . 97 int . insurance office - morning 97 Ted walk in , throw he coat over the wall of he cubicle and be about to sit down when he notice Paul in he boss ' office . Ted move closer . paul ( muffled ) I have not call the police yet , but I will tell you it be certainly tempting . Ted open the door to he boss ' office . Paul do not notice . paul ( cont would ) I have have some dealing with , disease of the mind , and I can tell you he be not well . branch , obviously worried , stand . branch watter . glad you be ... Mr. barnell be just tell I about the ... meeting you two have . ted I catch that , yes . branch as you can see ... well , Mr. barnell have some ... concern . Paul turn to look at Ted . he have a large band - aid on he forehead , scratch and bruise on he face . it take a second for the dime to drop . ted you do not think I do this ? Paul get up and move to the other side of the office . ted ( cont would ) oh come on . I never laid a hand on he . branch Ted , he neighbor say ... otherwise . ted now just hang on here . let I show you something ... Ted dig into he briefcase . he take out a video tape , the police file on Raymond and the photo of Raymond Paul drop in the snow . 98/99 int . office - moment later 98/99 Paul and branch listen intently as Ted pace , the tv / vcr play shot of the dead body in the background . ted see ? where 's the birthmark ? you brother 's police report list it ... ( read from the report ) " ... large purple birthmark , upper leave thigh ... " ( lean into the screen ) but I do not see it . not on this body . you can see it in the picture . see ? Ted point to the photo ; Raymond , in the summer , wear short with a blotchy purple spot clearly visible on he leg . ted ( cont would ) so what , Mr. barnell ? do it just disappear ? do it just ... get better . Ted grin . his moment . finally . second feel like minute . paul it ... do get better . ted do it now . well how in the world do that happen ? paul Raymond be always ... bother by it . when he come back from ... Florida , he would have it fix . laser surgery ... like remove a tattoo . Paul look at branch . it 's a excuse Ted have not think of before . ted he do not . paul you tape my brother 's body , in the morgue ? Paul stand and grab the photo from off the desk . paul ( cont would ) and this ? you steal picture of my family ? and tape he naked body ? what kind of sick company be you run here ? ted oh for ... he 's lie . it 's obvious he ... Paul , feign fear , shrink back into the corner . ted ( cont would ) this be crazy . all we have to do be dig up the body ... check the leg for scar ... ( bingo ) Dental record ! Paul go white . he have not think about this . branch that will be just about enough of that . Mr. barnell , I be sorry it 's all come to this . we will have a check bring over to you tomorrow morning . Paul nod , stress and strung out , he hug the wall as he walk out . after a moment ... ted Sir , with all due respect , he 's -- branch Jesus , we be lucky he 's not suing . now tomorrow , you deliver the check to Mr. barnell with a complete apology . ted Fine , I understand how this look -- branch it look like you beat the hell out of one of we policy holder . now send cam in here . ted why ? branch well , while you be off on you little Easter Egg hunt , you junior find we a out on that warehouse robbery . head office be bump he a level . ted ( fuck I naked ) I will go get he . branch they be very keen on he . they want I to feel he out on a transfer -- Ted have leave the office , slamming the door behind he . 100 int . insurance office stairwell - moment later 100 the door clang shut behind Paul as he dial he cell phone . paul hello ... yes , I be wonder what city department would be in charge of ... sure , I can hold . ( to himself ) hang on mag pie , just hang on . Paul put a hand to he chest . suddenly dizzy , he drop to he knee and start to retch . tear well up in he eye . after a few moment , the storm pass . still on he knee , the person on the line come back . paul ( cont would ) yeah , hi . I be wonder if you could .... but I be ... sure . he sit there , on hold again , wait ... 101 int . underground parking area - evening 101 Ted walk to he car . as he open the door -- wham ! a fist to he face drop ted. Raymond in a ski mask , pick he up , open the car door and lay Ted 's head on the door jamb . raymond listen you little prick , we have have just about enough of this . you get I ? Raymond lean onto the door , Ted scream as he head be squash in the vice . raymond ( cont would ) so let 's just settle this right now , ok ? we want what 's come to we . Ted try to say " yes . " Raymond release he grip on the door , lean down and grab Ted 's wallet and walk off . 102 omitted 102 103 int . barnell mobile home - night 103 Paul walk in on a loud party . Raymond , drunk out of he head , have he arm around two marginal look hookers . paul Ray - not want to use he brother 's real name . paul ( cont would ) Richard ! what in the blaze be you do ? raymond hey Paul . take care of we little problem today . we should see some serious money any time , soon . paul could ... I have a word with you ? 104 int . barnell mobile home / kitchen - continuous 104 Paul pull the slide door close behind Raymond . paul ( whisper ) be that ...? raymond ( serious ) prostitute ? ( laugh ) I sure as hell hope so , cause jehovah 's witnesses will not lick you lolly no matter how much you pay they . paul how do you get they here ? Raymond pull out the credit card Paul get for he . raymond put it on my plastic . see , get my name on it and everything . it 's every where I want to be . paul you can not use that . you be suppose to be dead ! they will track we down . raymond you think they give a shit who pay the bill ? think for a minute , will ya ? Paul turn , try to compose himself , when he notice a handgun sit out on the counter . paul what ... Raymond , what be ... this ? Paul poke at the gun , send the barrel spin around to face he . Raymond grab it and stuff it into he pants . raymond that 's " muh gun , " Paul . Paul 's cell phone ring . raymond ( cont would ) do not be long . the little spinner 's yours . Paul pick up the phone as the party revs back up . paul yes , hello . sorry , what ? 105/106 intercut : barnell home / kitchen - continuous 105/106 jimbo be on the wall mount phone . jimbo you have a party , Mr. barnell ? ( embarrassed for Margaret ) that 's ... that 's not right . Margaret , now gag , sit where we last see she . she try to talk through the gag . Gary 's stare at he watch , call out second . gary thirty , sorry , startin ... now ! Paul pull the kitchen door close with he free hand . paul there 's no party ... let I talk to my wife . jimbo hang on . he hand the phone to Margaret . Gary leap up and stop he . gary twenty -five ! jimbo push past he , pull down Margaret 's gag and hold the phone to she . paul why be you count ? margaret Paul ? be you entertaining ? paul ( a wave of relief ) oh God , oh Jesus ... Margaret , be you okay ? raymond ( o.s. ) Paul , we get any more chip ? gary Fifteen ! ( grab the phone ) the body . have you -- ( beat ) no , I be the other guy . have you get the body ? margaret ( shouting ) Paul , the carrot little weasly one want to carrot screw I with he sick carrot little cock . and he 's mess up my kitchen . carrotcarrocarrot ... jimbo , annoyed , put the gag back in Margaret 's mouth . paul you sick ... do not you hurt she !! gary I never say anything like -- ( look at he watch in panic ) yes or no . ten second . paul yes ! it will ... it will happen tomorrow . put Margaret back on ! raymond ( o.s. ) Paul ! chip !! paul hello ? Gary lunge for the phone cradle like it 's the finish line in the 100 meter dash , slamm the phone down . a beat . gary I think I manage to avoid a trace . jimbo ( quietly to Gary ) we be stay at he house . 107 ( end intercut ) int . barnell mobile home kitchen 107 Paul go to the cupboard and pull out a box of potato chip . as he turn , he see one of the hookers ( 30 ) stand in the doorway . she give Paul a come hither look . 108 int . barnell great escape TRAVEL - morning 108 a bruise Ted enter , once again the only person in the shop . he keep he parka on . avis stand to greet he . avis hello . can I help you ? paul ( o.s. ) ( icily ) Mr. watter ? Paul come around the corner . he extend he hand , shocked to see the bruise on Ted 's face but know exactly where they come from . ted Mr. barnell . I have you check . paul thank you , I appreciate that . ( a awkward pause ) please , sit . Ted sit at Paul desk , reach into he brief case and pull out a envelope and several form . paul ( cont would ) have a little accident , there ? ted I be mug . the cop say it be just a random act of violence . but who know , right ? ( be : document ) you will have to sign . Ted slide the papers across to Paul , then get up and move around over Paul 's shoulder . ted ( cont would ) where I have mark it with a x. and ... I would also like to apologize for my -- paul no , please . you do not have to ... Paul , at a loss , start to read the paperwork . he pull open he desk drawer to grab a pen . Ted look down , see the Sea Shell in the drawer . ted that 's quite the shell . paul ( pick it up ) it be a gift from Raymond . he buy it for I from Florida . it 's all we have to remember he by . Paul put the shell down on the desk . ted that and a million dollar . thing really work out for you , do not they ? lot of cash , newly single guy ... paul I be not single . ted ... so you gonna head down to Club Med ? see how much fun a big bank roll can buy ? paul Mr. watter , I love my wife . very much . Ted can not help but look confuse by this simple , yet sincere declaration . ted can we level with each other for a moment ? ( Paul nod ) do you -- before he can finish he question , a delivery driver enter the office with a large box . paul avis ! avis ? there 's no answer . she 's in the back . paul ( cont would ) will you excuse I ? Paul get up to deal with the delivery . Ted , sullen , pick up the shell and turn it over in he hand . avis enter from the back . she smile at Ted , then see the shell . avis oh , that 's where you go . she take the shell and reattach it to the display for aloha Air . Ted , confuse , walk over as avis snap the shell back into place . ted that 's quite the display . avis they do some very nice in store promotion . Paul walk back , shocked to see the shell now back on the display . Ted just stare at he . avis ( cont would ) here it be Mr. barnell . ( to Ted ) I think someone might have walk out with it . it 's not the best neighborhood . avis walk back to she desk . Ted and Paul hold they look . finally , Paul walk back to he desk and the paperwork . paul so , right here , by the x. Ted nod . Paul sign . Ted take the envelope with the check , hand it to Paul but do not let go . Paul try to pull it free . he look at Ted who look right through he . just then , the light go out . they be all in the dark . paul ( cont would ) we , uh ... avis ? call Municipal Light and power and let they know I will ... stop by in a bit . Paul look at Ted , embarrassed . Ted finally let go of the check . paul ( cont would ) thank you . Ted shake he head , get up and walk out . 109 omitted 109 a109 ext . " barnell great escape TRAVEL " - night a109 Paul , see through the window , sit alone in the dark . his face light only by a small flashlight , he be completely still . 110 int . ted' apartment - night 110 Tiffany on she headset with a customer . Ted on the sofa , lose in think and whatever 's on the tv . tiffany there 's nothing to be embarrassed about . ( a snide glance at Ted ) a lot of people find talk to a psychic very therapeutic . so what 's on you mind , carlos ? 111 intercut with : " barnell great escape TRAVEL " - cont . 111 a overwrought Paul be on the phone with Tiffany , sit in the dark . he 's get he home phone bill in front of he . paul I have a situation . my wife ... do you think it 's okay to do something kinda bad to someone if you think they be gonna do something really bad to someone else ? tiffany sure . paul what if it 's a really bad thing ? tiffany well , you probably should not break the law if you can help it . be you really sure they be go to do this other thing ? paul I be ... I ... I do not know . he say some thing . he say he be joke , but I ... I think he might . tiffany do not think , know . how close be you to the other someone else , the one you be try to protect ? paul ( cry ) I just , I just ... have you ever feel like that ? like you own life do not even matter , as long as ... tiffany ( touch ) listen to I , carlos . you wife be a incredibly lucky woman . I know , relationship be tough , but you do what you gotta do to keep it together , okay ? remember , love be sacrifice . Ted can not help but snort at the mention of this familiar phrase as he look at Tiffany . Tiffany glare back at he . paul ( sniffle ) I guess you be right . tiffany now you get tough . and remember , this call be for entertainment purpose only . call I back and let I know how it go . Tiffany hang up and walk out . Ted try to catch she eye and let she know he be just kid . he can not . she go . 112 int . paul be car - later 112 Paul behind the wheel , a strange determine look on he face . he appear be steeling himself for something . 113 int . barnell mobile home / MAIN area - later 113 Paul enter , slamming the door behind he as Raymond look up from he porno magazine . paul ( blow by ) she 's have sex with they . and with that , Paul disappear into the back bedroom . 114 int . barnell mobile home / back bedroom - moment later 114 Paul sit , wait . after what seem like forever , Raymond walk in . raymond who 's do what ? paul Margaret . you know that stockholm syndrome thing ? raymond the movie ? paul when you fall in love with you kidnapper . raymond get the fuck out of here . paul I go by there . she be in the bedroom with the big one . ( quietly ) not the first time , either . ( a flash of panic ) with other man , not kidnapper . raymond for real ? paul her therapist . and some guy she ... hardly know . raymond wow . suck to be you . paul shut up . Raymond , a momentary flash of anger , sit on the bed beside he brother . Paul do he best not to flinch . raymond I always know she be a fuck tease . paul yeah . guess you be right . raymond well , you want my opinion ... ( Paul nod ) I do not trust she , Paul . never do . paul you think she would ... really mess thing up ? raymond only one way to make sure she do not . paul not sure what you be say ? raymond you remember that pooch Mom have ? crazy little Jack russel with the bladder infection ? paul Whole basement stank . raymond nothing you can do but put the thing out of it 's misery . and yours . paul you ... you sure , Ray ? raymond trust I , bro ' . leaky dog , crazy woman . two thing no man should have to live with . as Ray stand to go , Paul nod , he heart rip apart for any number of reason . 115 int . bank office - morning 115 Paul sit in the manager 's office , signing form . a large bank guard stand nearby . the reason ? one million dollar in hundred dollar bill neatly stack on the desk . 116 int . outdoor clothing store - day 116 Paul , with he sack of one million dollar at he foot , be calmly try on new winter coat with a clerk . he feel each one , check the amount of pad . he finally settles on a red full - length down parka . 117 int . " barnell great escape TRAVEL " - later 117 the light be back on as Paul , wear he oversize red parka come through the front door carry he sack of cash . avis look up . avis Mr. barnell ? I do not expect you back today . Nice jacket . paul well ... I be . and avis ? avis yes ? paul you have be with I for five year ? Paul ? can we make it Paul ? Paul enter the back room , close the door . avis walk over . avis sure . I just think it be more professional when people be around to call you Mr. barnell . paul ( o.s. ) avis . there have not be any people in here for month . no one come in here , unless they be look for pornographic movie or deep fry fish , neither of which we carry . so you can call I pretty much anything you want and it will not impress the customer at all because we do not have any . avis be you ok , Paul ? Paul open the door . avis be surprised to see billow cloud of down float in the air behind he . paul no avis , to be frank I be a little frazzle right now . now could you get I some tape , my passport out of the safe and two open -end ticket to paraguay . Paul shut the door . avis get to work . 118 int . coffee room - day 118 arnith and bill , two city worker , sit sip coffee at a cafeteria table . the room be white , very clean and fairly new . the man wear large orange overall , they white construction safety helmet sit on the table beside they . arnith trouble be the city keep cut we back and cut we back . Raymond and Paul , wear he big red parka , enter . paul Excuse I , be you arnith ? arnith sip he coffee , point to he name patch but do not look up . paul ( cont would ) great . I be tell to give you this . Paul hand arnith a fold form . arnith put he hand out , force Paul to move the form to he . as arnith look at it . paul ( cont would ) disinterment order . get it from the coroner 's office . my brother do not want to be bury . arnith how would you know ? paul know what ? arnith that he do not want to be bury . raymond he leave it in a letter . arnith and you just get it now ? paul ya know , I do not mean to be rude here , but I be not sure this be any of you business . arnith that 's entirely possible . Bill stifles a laugh . Raymond be about to tear out arnith 's spine . Paul hold he brother back . paul I , I do not think this be anything to be flippant about . arnith I appreciate that , Sir . but I be on a union specify break right now , which mean you be talk to I as a private citizen . now as a private citizen I can pretty much say whatever I want to . if you talk to I in 15 minute I can assure you , you will be afforded every courtesy as specify in the worker policy guide and recently ratify in we latest collective agreement date -- paul sorry . I be just -- arnith try to get you brother out of the ground . we could not be more pleased . you have arrange for transportation of the remain ? raymond we be gonna take he to go . bill see , now that 's a problem . we can not release the body into you custody unless you be license by the state to convey decease person . arnith good point Bill . Bill know exhumation policy . you can look it up but I be betting he 's right . you come back with a bond agent and we will get right on this . Paul think for a moment , dig into he pocket pull out five crisp , new hundred dollar bill and slam they on the table . paul I will give you five hundred dollar to go get he now . 119 ext . graveyard - day 119 a large back hoe turn over . the muffler belches a cloud of black smoke into the air . arnith be at the control , expertly maneuver the shovel end towards the unmark grave . 120 int . trunk of paul be car 120 Black . the trunk lid open as Bill and arnith dump a well - wrap body unceremoniously into the trunk . arnith and Bill look at each other . Bill close the lid . Black . arnith ( o.s. ) there ya go Mr. barnell . snug as a bug in a rug . anything else we can get you ? 121 int . nick's strip bar - night 121 Ted sit at the bar beside cam . Ted , close to be drunk , play with a book of match as a stripper strut to Tennessee Ernie Ford 's version of " 16 ton . " cam so ... Miami , huh ? can you believe that ? one little case and " boom " , you be the flavor of the month . ted ( without a trace of sincerity ) congratulation . why be you here ? cam say thanks . I really owe you . if you have not give I a shot on that -- ted forget it . I be try to . cam so we be all kinda wonder ... what do happen to you face ? ted ( beat ) car trouble . Ted get up , a little shaky on he foot . cam should you be drive ? ted absolutely not . Ted get up and walk to the door . a121 ext . nick be bar - night a121 Ted exit , a blast of Arctic wind and snow hit he in the face . he close he eye , let the cold run over he . 122 int . paul be house - night 122 Margaret sit at the dinner table , as Gary put down a overly large serve plate of tuna casserole . jimbo walk in , take a seat and a scoop full of food . gary we set ? jimbo yeah . how you feel about the turnout by summit Hill where the snowmobiler park ? gary Fine . they all dig in . Gary look expectantly . just the sound of chew . finally , he can not wait . gary ( cont would ) ( to jimbo ) you like it ? margaret tastes like a rectal polyp . a long , protract silence . then ... jimbo ( to Gary ) how would she know . Gary chuckle as he get up for some ketchup . Margaret stare at jimbo , who give she a " I will - say - what - I - need - to-have - peace - in-this-house . " Margaret smile , then discretely slide he the salt . jimbo quickly douse he food . 123 ext . paul be house - late at night 123 Ted pull up in front of Paul 's home . he stare at something that look like a tree on the front lawn . he look closer -- it 's a " for sale " sign . ted blow town , be we , Mr. barnell ? I do not think so . Ted stagger through the snow to the sign and drunkenly push it down into the snow . ted ( cont would ) I be not do yet " travel man ! " you hear I ?! laughing , he take some match from he pocket and try to light the " for sale " sign on fire . it 's no use . he quit . he 's cold now . he get up and stagger back to he car . 124 omitted 124 125 omitted 125 126 int . barnell mobile home / live room - moment later 126 Raymond , half in the bag , sit on the sofa . raymond see , I could have have she . we both know that , but I figure , she be such a ... I mean , I do not know why ... you know why ? paul ( o.s. ) no . you want a refill ? raymond do a duck shit under water ? Paul walk in with two glass . he hand Raymond the larger . raymond ( cont would ) any trouble get the bank to handle that much cash ? paul they say it would be in tomorrow by -- raymond right , right , you tell I . then all we have to do be get she and the thing ... hey , remember that time in school , when I jump out and scared you , and you fuck pee would all over yourself ? paul be pretty funny . ( raise he mug ) bottom up . raymond okay , " puddle . " remember how they call you that ? huh , " puddle ? " ( about to drink - then ) Christ , what time be it ? paul it 's early . come on ... ya ... ( uncomfortably ) ... pussy . Raymond laugh , take the drink . 127 ext . barnell mobile home - continuous 127 a beautiful winter 's night , the soft snowy silence break only by Raymond 's drunken shot of ... raymond ( o.s. ) pussy !!! a startle rabbit scurries across the snow . 128 int . barnell mobile home / various - later 128 Raymond be pass out on the sofa . Paul sit , gun in hand , the barrel point at Raymond 's forehead . his finger graze the trigger ... but it 's suddenly all too real . Paul lower the gun , take a deep breath and try again . not want to be spray by Raymond 's gray matter , he half turn he head ... another idea come to he . Paul pick up a plastic picnic plate to use as a shield from the blow back . he get ready to fire again , then make the mistake of look at Raymond . maybe it 's the light ... maybe it 's the small puddle of drool on the cushion , but he look almost angelic . Paul stare at he brother . in the kitchen , Paul fill a glass with water , empty the pistol 's bullet into the cup and hide it on the top shelf . Paul put the gun back . not sure of he next move , he spot the beat up clock radio lie next to he brother . a128 ext . barnell home - morning a128 establish . 129 int . barnell home / bedroom - morning 129 Margaret , still tie up , lay on top of the bed cover . Gary walk past , look in , check he watch , then head to the bathroom . Margaret listen as Gary turn on the jacuzzi tub jet . as he start sing , Margaret sit up and scooches over to the phone on the end table . her hand tie loosely to she chest , she manage to dial by place the phone receiver flat on the bed . jimbo ( o.s. ) Gary ! you see my shirt ? Margaret look over to see jimbo , wear Paul 's pajamas , walk past while shave with a portable razor . as the line ring . jimbo ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) aw jeez , again ? gary ( o.s. ) it relax I . you know it have twelve different setting ? jimbo ( o.s. ) no Gary , I do not know that because every time I think about use it someone be in it . gary ( o.s. ) hey , I do a lot around here . as they continue to squabble , the phone line connect . 911 recording you have reach 9 - 11 . all we operator be busy , but you call will be handle in the order in which it be receive . if this be a -- Margaret , use she nose , hang up . 132 int . barnell mobile home / live room 132 Paul , quiet as a mouse and dress in he money - line parka , pick up he cell and he car key , drop they quietly into he pocket . just as he finish ... raymond ( half asleep ) what 's go on . paul we be out of coffee . but I will be right back . still early . not to worry . Raymond have already roll over . 133 int . barnell home / bedroom 133 Margaret have just dial another number . it ring on the other end ... and ring ... and connect . margaret Paul ? automate voice ( o.s. ) the number you have dial be no longer in service . if you think you have -- Margaret disconnect the call , then dial again . 134 int . ted' apartment - continuous 134 a woozy Ted be try to keep Tiffany 's phone from ringing . finally , he put on the headset and hit a computer key . it connect . ted yeah ? hello ? ( cough ) hello ? he hit a few key on the computer keyboard . the screen pop to life . the line connect . margaret oh thank fuck Christ . be Tiffany there ? ted no , she 's ... he pull off a yellow Post it note stick to the computer . it read : " coffee make . do not touch my computer . back in 10 . " unseen on the computer screen beside he , the name " Margaret barnell " pop up , along with all she pertinent information like pet 's name , husband , delusion ... ted ( cont would ) she will be back in a few minute . you want to try later ? margaret well you should know , fuck - wit . you know there 's a man with a gun in my shower , right now ? Ted , distract , turn as he hear the doorknob turn . ted hang on , she 's on she way -- finally he notice the computer screen . Holy shit . ted ( cont would ) ( tentatively ) Mrs. barnell ? but before she can answer , Tiffany walk in carry a laundry basket , pull the headset off Ted 's head and hold it up to she ear . tiffany I be here , Margaret . how you feel today ? ted give I the headset . Ted grab for the headset , Tiffany resist . tiffany ( to Ted ) what be wrong with you ? 135 int . barnell home / bedroom 135 Margaret sit in the same position on the bed by the phone . Gary , in the shower , belt out some show tune . margaret Christ , where do you want to start ? 136 int . ted' apartment 136 Tiffany shove Ted , who lose he balance and stumble backward . she put on the headset . tiffany sorry about that . Mrs. barnell ? could you speak up a bit ? Ted be at she side , try to listen in by press he ear to the outside of the headset . ted what 's she say ? tiffany something about the gay mafia take she to a park to kill she . can you hand I my help line list ? ted what ... wha ... Ted 's throat seize up again . he stumble to the kitchen , gulp water from the faucet . Tiffany watch with some amusement . tiffany Margaret , be you sure this be real people in you house ? ted find out where she ... his voice lock up again . more water . tiffany ( listen to a profane ramble ) well then it 's a good thing you call . nope , not see any problem , but hang on , let I really concentrate . ted ask she ... Ted 's not do much better . 137 int . barnell home / bedroom 137 Margaret hear the shower stop run . margaret shit on toast . she hang up , place the gag back in she mouth and hustle back into place . 138 int . ted' apartment - moment later 138 Ted , pull on he boot and he jacket . in he hand , a address scribble down on a piece of note paper . Tiffany watch , not happy . ted you be sure this be it ? tiffany she specifically mention the cock -suck turnout up the highway where the snowmobiler hang out . ted I will call later . tiffany I will not be here . ted Excuse I ? the phone ring . Tiffany let it . tiffany I know relationship be not all sunshine and rose , but I be really not have fun anymore , and I do not think you be either . ted God , now 's so not the time , tiff . tiffany maybe you have to be like this right now , and I be just not in a good space to deal with it . but ... ted but what ? tiffany maybe we should not be like this together . Tiffany give he that look every man who 's ever cross the line for the last time be all too familiar with . Ted stare . word fail he . finally , he only recourse be to hurry out the door which shut with a bang . Tiffany let the phone continue to ring as she stare at the door . sadly , she hit the computer key that pick it up . tiffany ( cont would ) psychic buddy . how be you Mr. bennett ? I think she would be fine with you remarry , but hang on , let I concentrate . Ted open the door , step back inside . ted ok . come on . tiffany ( to Ted ) really ? ted I have be cut you out of my life and as a result we normal communication channel have be block . I think you come with I would ... would ... he 's reach , but Tiffany look cautiously hopeful . ted ( cont would ) ... further the development of we relationship and allow we to both ... realize the potential of we ... interpersonalism . tiffany if you be go to be sarcastic . ted I be not be anything . swear to God . tiffany okay . why do you want I to come ? ted ( total sincerity ) Cause if you do not , then I will have to stay , and I will be mad at you and eventually we will break up over it , and as bad as my life be right now , that would make it a million time worse . Tiffany smile , genuinely touch . tiffany ( into the phone ) Mr. bennett , she 's totally cool with it . but listen , you be gonna have to call back ... I gotta go help my boyfriend . 139 omitted 139 140 int . paul be car - continuous 140 Paul drive , smile for the first time in a long time . he listen to the beautifully wrenching iz - kamakawiwo ' ole 's version of " somewhere over the rainbow " on the radio . ( the music continue over the next two scene . ) 141 ext . ted' apartment build - later 141 Ted and Tiffany walk out to they car . they sneak look at each other , not entirely sure what emotional sign - post they just pass . 142 int . barnell garage 142 Gary and jimbo , with Margaret , hand bound , walk into the garage . jodie ( the dog ) run out after they . Margaret look at jimbo , who take the dog and gently put he back inside . 143 int . ted' car / CITY street - later 143 Ted and Tiffany drive in silence . then ... tiffany okay , it 's call the listen game . you talk , I listen , and I can not interrupt . then we switch . ted do not sound like much of a game , but ... I can talk about anything ? tiffany yes . Ted smile , and launch in ... 144 int . jimbo' car / CITY street - later 144 Gary lean into the backseat and hold a magazine in front of Margaret 's face . gary see the little box down there ? list all the symptom of that tourette 's thing , and you do not have half of they . margaret and ? gary and ? and you be fake it . margaret magazine do not prove anything . jimbo Gary , can we just try and get there in peace ? gary magazine prove everything !! 145 ext . barnell mobile home 145 the residence see from a distance . raymond ( o.s. ) that little prick !!! as the camera rush the mobile home , from inside come the sound of a very angry man . then , just as we be at the door , it slam OPEN . Raymond stand in the doorway , a mountain of anger in a hastily pull on parka . he 's hold the clock radio by the cord . he check he wristwatch , then smashes the clock radio against the trailer . stalk toward he car , he check the pistol in he side pocket , then , almost as a afterthought , open the clip . no bullet . he smile . 146 ext . glacier - later 146 a not - well - frequent tourist spot , feature a expansive , far - as - the -eye - can see carpet of white . the road from the turnoff be about 200 yard long , lead to a plow out parking area . the road be the only way in or out . Paul 's car take the corner and head toward the parking area . 147 int . jimbo' car / highway - continuous 147 Margaret in the back , jimbo and Gary in the front . gary you can not be serious . jimbo I be still not sleep . gary jimbo . come on . jimbo it 's a think , okay . with hard work , you can live okay as a civilian . gary after all this ... jimbo yeah , after all this . gary do not you go soft on I , jimbo . Margaret laugh through she gag in the backseat . Gary and jimbo pretend not to hear she . they drive on in silence . 148 ext . parking area - continuous 148 Gary and jimbo 's car pull in , slide to a stop beside Paul . 149 omitted 149 150 int . ted' car / highway 150 Tiffany and Ted drive . Ted have just finish . Tiffany have be pay rapt attention . tiffany so this be kind of like a really weird " Law and order " episode ? ted sure . I guess . tiffany and if Paul barnell already kill he brother ... ted maybe he wife be next . tiffany cool . my turn ? ( Ted nod ) now a healthy relationship be ... ted hey , here we be . Ted take the turnoff to the parking area . 151 int . gun store - moment later 151 a young , bored female clerk ( 18 ) be behind the counter as the door chime go off . she look up to see Raymond walk in , gun in hand . Raymond lay it on the counter . girl calibre ? 152 ext . parking area 152 Ted 's car pull up at the far end of the lot , about 200 yard from where Paul , Gary and jimbo be park . Paul 's car be in between Ted 's car and jimbo 's . Paul get out of he car , as do jimbo and Gary . Paul look for Margaret in the back of jimbo 's car , but she remain lie down on the backseat . jimbo Mr. barnell . I will assume you have get we friend back there ? paul yes . you can let she go now . 153 int . ted' car 153 Ted look at Paul 's car , too far away to see much . he 's about to get out when Tiffany stop he . tiffany ( gently ) so , do you have a plan here ? ted I be gonna go talk to he . you mind stay here ? tiffany I guess . so when do we call the cop ? ted soon as I ... if he actually be do ... something . I will wave , alright ? Tiffany give he a quick kiss . tiffany that 's a very good plan . Ted 's about to jump out of the car , but have to pull back he door as another vehicle slide in beside they , the driver lock he brake and slide into the snow embankment . tiffany ( cont would ) tourist . Ted , a confuse look on he face , look over as Raymond get out of he vehicle . tiffany ( cont would ) what ? ted that be ... tiffany who ? Ted , too excited , fumble with he seat belt as he try to jump out of the car . 154 corpse's Pov : from paul' OPEN trunk 154 Black . the lid open . jimbo , Gary and Paul look in at the freeze body . jimbo recoil at the mangle mess before he . Gary reach down and touch the well - chew body . gary how do we know it 's he ? paul come on ! where would I get another one ? good point . Paul hand he the ransom money . 155 omitted 155 156 ext . parking area 156 Ted rush up beside Raymond . ted Excuse I . be not you ... Raymond barnell ? raymond I know you ? ted ( confuse ) you be ... you be dead ? Raymond shoot he a look ... clearly this be take as a threat . Ted can not help but step back . ted ( cont would ) that come out so wrong . Raymond size up Ted , then look off to Paul 's car . raymond go away , now . Raymond walk on . Ted , realize he have no choice , run and jump in front of Raymond , block he way . ted okay , I do not know exactly what 's go on here , but if you would come with I to my office , just for a few minute , it would really help I out with my boss . Raymond step around Ted . Ted stay with he . ted ( cont would ) look , I be not try to screw with you life at all , but you can not just walk off with a million dollar and expect people to -- raymond ( stop cold ) how much ? ted see , you brother have , and I use this term carefully , steal a million dollar from my insurance company . now if we -- before he can finish , Raymond hit he with a elbow to the temple . Ted drop to he knee , but even as Raymond try to walk off , Ted manage to grab he ankle . 157 int . ted' car 157 Tiffany be busy fiddling with the radio , miss the fight just outside she window as she tune in the Beach boy " would not it be Nice . " 158 ext . parking area / by paul' car 158 at jimbo 's car , Gary be fold the corpse into the trunk as jimbo pull Margaret upright from the backseat and tug down she gag . she smile at he as , with great care , he help she out of the car and present she to she husband . paul it 's all over honey . it 's all over . do they hurt you ? margaret ( smile / whisper ) do food poisoning count ? have you be eat ? paul you know I when I get busy . she touch the bruise under he eye . margaret do you fall ? paul just a little . ( to jimbo ) hey , we be gonna get ... that 's when Paul see what jimbo and Gary be watch . Raymond kick Ted in the head , turn , spot Paul and break into a run . Paul seem freeze , but just for a moment . jimbo who the hell be that ? margaret Paul ? Paul discretely take off he red parka and drape it over Margaret 's shoulder . paul ( quietly ) honey , I need you to start walk to that hill over there , alright ? margaret why ? paul I will catch up in a bit . now , no matter what you hear , just keep go , alright . and if I be ... late or something , just look in the coat , alright ? Margaret nod , kiss she husband quickly on the cheek , then start to walk off . Paul , Gary and jimbo watch , transfix at the down - parka would shit-storm that be head they way . gary ( nervous ) jimbo ? raymond ( yell ) a million dollar , Paul !? you really think you could take I ? again ! jimbo what million dollar ? Gary and jimbo look over at Paul , somewhat confuse . Raymond 's ten yard out , and they can now see he 's take out he gun . he 's aim it at Paul . Paul look over he shoulder at Margaret , who 's have some trouble make it up a snow cover hill . Gary 's hand slip into he pocket , grab hold of he gun . Raymond , oblivious , move right past . 159 int . ted' car 159 Tiffany finally look over at Ted , who 's just get to he foot . she burst out of the car ... 160 ext . parking area / by paul' car 160 Raymond reach Paul , take the gun and point it at the top of he head . Paul 's eye shut tight , expect the worst . paul Raymond ... please . but shoot you brother be tougher than it look . Paul open he eye . Raymond try to pull the trigger again , but can not . he move the barrel six inch to the right and shoot Margaret in the back . she drop face first into the snow . Paul 's world end . ear ringing , he rush toward he wife . jimbo can not believe it as Gary hold he back . jimbo hey ! what the fuck !! Raymond , a look of relief on he face , turn to jimbo . jimbo ( cont would ) she have nothing to do with this ! raymond and you do ? but even before Raymond can raise he weapon , Gary pull he gun and get it point ( shakily ) at Raymond . raymond ( cont would ) oh put it down , Nancy . gary you first . jimbo Gary ! just -- Raymond drop he gun to he side . Gary smile , too happy he win the face off . raymond you win , tough guy . Gary , try to be cool , flip the gun to he other hand . as he do -- bang ! the bullet rip into the snow about six foot from Raymond 's foot . Raymond glare at Gary . so do jimbo . gary ( meek , apologetic ) sorry . jimbo lunge for cover as Raymond fire back . Gary , truly terrify , close he eye as he squeeze off shot on the run -- bangbangbangbang . one bullet bounce off Paul 's car . one hit Raymond . with a quizzical look on he face , he drop to he knee . a large crimson stain form on he jacket . everything go quiet , except for the sound come from ... Paul , almost craze with grief , cradle he wife 's body . paul oh God ... oh Jesus ... margaret ( muffle ) oh fuck hell ... I can not ... breath . Paul gently turn she over . Margaret , alive , unharme but wind , try to catch she breath . margaret ( cont would ) Paul ... someone kick I . Paul feel around the bullet hole and pull out a stack of money , now embed with the slug from the Raymond 's gun . he start to weep tear of relief . paul can you stand . margaret be ... the Pope ... a ... paul okay , easy ... Gary be behind the other car with jimbo . gary ( start to lose it ) he just , fall ... oh Jesus , oh god. jimbo gently take Gary 's gun . jimbo I know . as jimbo put a arm around Gary and help he to the car , he see Paul , arm around Margaret , come they way . everyone stop . a look pass , then both couple move off . 161 ext . parking area - continuous 161 as jimbo and Gary drive away , Paul bring Margaret to he vehicle . spot Raymond , he walk over , kick the gun away , then lean down . Raymond 's not dead , but he 's close . Paul have to turn away . raymond ( labour ) look at I , you little ... Paul turn back , not angry , not frighten , just a little sad . Raymond , take aback for a moment , try for one last verbal shot , but all he can manage be ... raymond ( cont would ) puddle . and Raymond die . 162 ext . parking area - continuous 162 Paul turn back to he car when he spot a delirious , damage Ted stumbling toward he with Tiffany desperate to drag he the other way . ted where do think you be go ? tiffany Ted , leave he alone . ted no , no , no . I have be beat , humiliate , have my head squeeze by a guy ... and I be get some answer , right now . Ted , barely able to stay on he foot ( concussion ) get in front of Paul , and just stand there and wait . Paul can not help but feel bad for the guy . paul okay . ted well go ahead . ( be : he leave ear ) I can still kind of hear out of this one . paul ( a long pause ) I love my wife , Mr. watter . and when you love someone , I mean , really love someone ... the punch hit Paul on the top of he head . he stumble back , but Ted be on he before he can move out of range . it 's a strange look fight between the young ( physically spend ) and older ( emotionally drain ) . ted ( between punch ) I want a fuck hallmark card or the lyric to a foreigner rock ballad , I will go to the mall , Mr. barnell . Margaret and Tiffany jump in , try to pull the two man apart . 163 int . paul be car - later 163 the car be still in the parking area . Paul and a bloody , beat Ted sit up front with Margaret and Tiffany in the back . no one speak , until ... tiffany they call this the listen game . Mr. barnell , you get to go first . Ted glare at Tiffany , but she look instantly soften he . Ted look at Margaret , who look expectantly at Paul . Ted shrug . ted knock yourself out . Paul start to talk , and Ted start to listen ... 164 ext . graveyard - noon 164 arnith ( the grave digger ) walk to the side of a casket . he hit the switch and it start to drop . arnith watch impassively , take brief note of two people up the hill before return to he work . 165 ext . graveyard hill - continuous 165 it 's Gary and jimbo , dress in black . they watch silently as Raymond be laid to rest . 166 ext . tropical beach - day 166 the sun beat down on a white sand tropical paradise . the wind be calm , the water azure blue . perfection , except for the -- snow . Big pure white flake , cut across this idyllic -- poster that hang in a book store window . we be ... 167 ext . STREET / LIBERTY capital tower - day 167 Tiffany stare at she reflection in the window , she face transport to a island paradise . Ted walk out . tiffany hey . ted hey yourself . tiffany so where you want to go ? ted somewhere close . my three o'clock 's be move up . tiffany cool . you alright about everything ? ted yeah . the life policy be write on he brother , and he do , you know , die . I may be rationalize a bit , but ethically I think I be okay . tiffany good . I like it when you be okay . the two walk down the street . snow keep fall . Tiffany shut she eye , look straight up as the gossamer snowflake land and melt on she face . she 's never look more beautiful . tiffany ( cont would ) do not ya just love this weather ? Ted stare at she . ted learn to . Tiffany grab he hand and pull he away , disappear into the whiteness . 168 omitted 168 a168 int . barnell home / live room - day a168 Paul , sit alone , read a postcard from Margaret . margaret ( v.o. ) pauly , know it sound corny but I miss you so much ! wish you could have come . saw some dolphin today . frisky little bugger . they be even play we song in the bar . have be ponder about you question , and I think my answer be " yes . " after all , it 's no fun in the sun without ... margaret ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) Paul , you ready ? Paul look up to see Margaret . dress in a coat , she be stand in the middle of the live room , now empty save for a few box and a very ugly floor lamp . Paul flip Margaret 's letter over , and we now see it be the fade Hawaiian Hilton postcard from the box in he de . Paul put the postcard in a shoe box full of keepsake , and tuck it under he arm . Margaret pick up jodie , whose in he carry case , and walk over . a car horn sound from outside . it 's they cab . as they walk to the door ... paul how you feel ? margaret pretty damn good . paul I can tell . margaret can you ? Paul take she hand and give it a squeeze . they head out . 169 ext . airport tarmac - day 169 snow now , as various people walk toward the aircraft and the portable stair roll to the door . Paul and Margaret among the crowd , exchange nervous but hopeful smile , then they be lose along with the other pilgrim in the swirl white . fade to black . 170 ( coda ) ext . dave' house - day 170 Dave and he wife ( 5as ) walk out of they house toward they car . they get in , Dave behind the wheel . 171 int . dave' car - continuous 171 as they pull down the driveway . dave why do not we go there after ? ( off she look ) Fine . we will do it now . dave' wife watch the curb . Dave keep back up . as he take the corner and bump over the curb , the momentum send the half - eat body ( that Gary and jimbo stuff into the backseat ) to a upright position . they drive on , oblivious . dave look like weather . fade to white .