the squid and the whale by noah baumnba ! no portion of thi any '' earn , or qua write consent sint way be 2 or publis I Samuel goldwyn film 9570 West pico blwd ste 43 Los Angeles CA 96035 tred , any renrodase , cx age by the prior lowyn fllm . imal drat 's * 2005 squid and Samuel goi all rights reserved not whale ine black frank ( ¥.0.4 Mom and I versus you and dad . int . tennis court - day a big tent - like bubble . about eight court . mostly empty . a older maple play on 2 . on 5 , bernard serxman , late 40' , and walt berkman , 16 , play against joan berkman , late 30' , and prank berkman , 12 . Frank , who 's skilled for he age , serve a bullet . bernard frank that lock pretty good . beenard tk be oun . joan ( for prank 's benefir ) it do laok good . walt prank , it be outl bernard it 's my cali . oue ! Frank lock back in disbelief . bernard ( cont ' D ) iaside to ) tf you can , try and hic at you mother 's backhand , it 's pretty weak . walt get if , Frank serve a soft second ser 's which Walt smack to Joan 's backhand . she can not return it . joan De not gloat , Walt . Frank toss the ball back over the ner to sernard . bernard 5 gamé to 3 , serve into the Bernard , clearly self - teach bur effecti net . {continued } be continued . bernard ( cont 'd ) come on , Bernard . joan nard , do not curse : bernard I be cursing at mysel Bernard serv Frank returne it Walt volley at nm mother 's head . she duck . it 's in . : bernard ( cont 'd ) Nice sh walt thanks . joan ( grow tense ) watch out , wale walt in 's part of the game , Mom , bernerd ves . Joan return it . Bernard hit a approach hit weak shet and go to the net joa smashes it . the ball gm another court . Bernard a laugh . walt { cont 'd} ? yes ! leb and Bernard 's off Joan 's hack and saiis onto doan , disgust , drop she racquet and walke off the curt . berbard Joan ! I be sorry ! [ kt be a accident ! Bernard go after she . Frank and Walt approach the net . they watch Bernard and Joan talk over by the entrance . head , smile ) second serve . Joan , wave eo gr ily walk out eeve Bernard b h the boy groan . Park slove , brocklyn , New yor 2386 Bernard drive a old marson peugeot . coan in the passenger seat . ind . Bernard be cost tnued : ws in the back , Walt listen to he walkman as he pull on a lor aa box Frank drink mcuthwash , gargle and swallow read post anim Jean oy doar @ string on the xk af he fe ak a the galapagos Islands . just the position of a cerami eferent si l acs of Vitas gerulitas , Arthur ashe and pi ner 's seat . Frank read turtles . his wall be cover with al from the galapagos Island . he climb inte bed . ait beside nin . frank do Da you on purpose ? jorn no , he would not do that , but he get no up in the game . frank it fale on purpose . joan ( pause ? ) it know what you mean . but it be not . both gay nething for a moment . prank be you ting a diverce ? you promise when we be New Hampshire you and dad would always be marry . joan which New hampshir frank the one where the cat get catch in the radiator . joan I do not remember . frank you do . 1 ask you when we be in New Hampshire and you promise . gtudy he face . joan do I ? ) hmm . frank ( pause ) be the ant with the iron beote . ont inued ) uw continued < jcan okay , but you be get tec old for chat . she take he bare foot and walk with she fingernaiis across its hottou . joan ( cont 'd ? ) here come the ant with the iren boota . Frank 's face clenches , both loving and hat the ticklishne int . brocklyn house - nigkt a party . kid gather in cluster . Walt and he buddy , lance and jeffrey , 16 , hang out by the window . '' wai : lecture : walt tt 's Welles 's masterp . e@ , real people think it 's citizen kane , but magnificent ambergon , if it have not be suine by the studio , would have be he crown achievement . as it be , it 's still brilliant . it 's stery , genius not be reeegni the industry . many lance tt sound great . who 's in in ? walt {pause} Orson Welles ? I do not know see it yet . I have see '' ( confidence return my oad turn I on to it . 1 haven 's they watch sophie greenberg , 17 , who be probably go to be quite pretty . but have not get there yet , across the room talk to she friend . jeffrey e's lock geod . @ of cs pp lance Walt , I hear she like you . walt she 's kind of cute . jeffrey very cute . i continued ) continued : wald yeah , ene 's cure . she 's not gargeous , she 's not kate roache cube . kate roache , 16 . one of this girl who get real pretty real fast , talk to a group of bo : lance no , but who be ? I mean , besides kate roache . and kate just like college asshole . jeffrey dick . she 's a where . ott . , 15 , they other friend approach . lane hold out he finger like it 's radac and pick up a signat come from otto . he beep quick and quick . ie ge . beep ... otto be clearly use to this , but still annoyed . otto ckay , ¢nough . lanc you know otto 's never jerk of for , walt really ? ottc thanks , lance . lase time I confide in you at a sleepover . jepfrey * why wouldnt you jerk off ? * otto * never occur to I . * walt you think Sophie 's cute encugh ? jeffrey por what ? walt to be my girlfriend , continued ) wa continued : £ 2 ) hea nelso : reall genio , lage rd she take she shirt off for m Barton over break . walt y? he 's a ass . be not she a vr , she all be leave for coll larc you do not have to marry she cs ey just fuck she . fuck she ass . with you cock . they both icok at Jeffrey , take aback . sephie look in Walt 's d look back and she 's no jeaua omitted int . fra ext . walt ix ie : nger look . erkman live room ~ morning k walk down the stair , ready for school fold up the couch . try to do it quickly . frank what ave you deing ? bernard just fix up the couch frank do you sleep there ? be not bernard my back . the couch worse than the bed ? for backa ? no . this ... this be betcer , brooklyn ST ! walk Frank bookbag . reet - morning to scheci . they both ection , he lock away , chen Bernard be [ continued} continue frank when do Mom 's story come out in the Magazine ? walt tt 's net a magazine , journal . next month , 's a literary think . frank it ‘li be weird have two writer es parenn . write before she meet he . frank i have not read any of dad 's beok . lock at the they're great . very dense . I t he need a new agent . tt 's bean too long since hi book . ' the publishing world ptive always tc real literary mte calent . prank maybe Mom will be famous instead . balt dad 's the writer . frank but maybe Mom 's better . walt that ’é way of ff base , Frank . ent base . int . highschogl hallway ~- day insert : a sign - up sheet write in three color of magic marker on poster board tack up on a bulletin board . iv read : '' can you do something no one else can ? prove it arr the annual midwood high talent show . be there or be rectangular . " a rectangle make of yarn be glue to the botrom of the sign . Walt and another kid , tony study the poster . walt what be you gonna do , tony ? { continued ) continued : puppet amy own puppet and perform this rather elaborate and innovative narrative that for invent for they . yoursel£ ? walt ( shrug ) ink io mis gu int . tennis court '' day prank , in hig mismatch white , serve to ris tern at ne . the pubble instructor , ivan . late 30s . carl. 12 , the baseline . Bernard watch from the frank Ivan hit with Arthur ashe once . carl be not he rank lixe four hundred and ewo of something ? frank two hundred and sixty -eight . he say ashe be a gentleman and thank Ivan after they nit . Ivan could have be a champion if he hadn 's hurt he knee . Ivan jog to the net . ivan brether , let 's see some ground tyan volley to Frank who smack a bullet way out . ivan ( cont ‘d ) ui gutha ¢ase up there , my brother Jimmy connor hit everything as hard as he can . bi we can nor all get away that . iet 's see a backhand . Frank try he weak , flat one hand backhand lvyan ( cont 'd ) two hand . my brother , whe teach you this junkyard stroke ? frank my dad , he 's self - teach . ivan to hear that . well , we be gonna have to undo some of this damage . {continued} col tinued : prank re will not like that . ivan hi Bernard , you teach my brother junkyard chip snot ? Bernard perk up and fog conte the court . bernard a one hand backhand be a elegant stloke , i¥an my brother dee not want &@ weak chip shet for a backhand . prank T do not care , bernard it 's mcinroe 's stroke , he 's a master of the chip game . Ivan shrug , eck he watch and turn to the boya . ivan chay , my brother , than 's it for today . bernard Ivan , you want to hit a litcle ? I get give I Frank , you racquet . cur Te Bernard hold Frank 's junior racquet and , in he street clothes , wait at the baseline . he dab he forehead with Frank 's single wristband . they begin , Ivan have fluid stroke , Bernard he awkward slicea . there 's 4 palpable on ag the two man hit , Bernard play full oun . Frank Carl watch , impressed sernard can hold he own . bersard hit a slice backhand down the line and approachea the net . rm puc it away . int / ext . bernard's peugeot - dusk 10 sernard drive , have sweat through he shirt and pants . Frank , in the front seat . i continued ) il cont ing bernard Ave you interested in any art ? frank lo would not mind be a px bernard Te 's very hard co be a profession : player . as go as even someone 1 tvan be , he be not in a league with mcenroe or connor , prank I do not mean a pro like that . T mean , like a pro at the bubble ldke Ivan . bernard you do not want roa be a pro . ( pause ; I be sure I lose my parking space so we be gonna have to drive around . frank fan you drop I off ? bernard ne . I pick you up , can do be ride around frank , ( regiqned} okay . int . walt be room - night il we start om the record sleeve of pink FL '' the nall '' and move to the sheet music for the seng , '' hey you " . we continue up to Walt , who sit crosslegge , headphone on , play along on guitar . int . live room ~- bt to ight Bernard and Joan sit on the couch watch as Walt ds hi ame pink floyd song . Frank sing back walt '' hey you . out there in the ¢oid ...* the hoy finish the song . Bernard and Joan applaud . joan terrific , honey ! bernard Walt , do you write that song ? ( continued ) continued : ralt surprised . walt ( cont 'd ) Frank have some gocd idea too . Joan smile at Frank . he shrug modestly , but confuse . bernard very dense . very interesting . walt yeah , I gagn up for the talent thing they have at school . jorn tsuddenly stern ) great . make sure you practice a lot . walt ( annoyed ) Mom ...i°11 be Fine . jcan just remember , you will be in front of @ lot of people . walt Mom , do not ruin the whole thing for I . you will win . if you do not win , someth @ wrong with they -- which be probably the case 4 ily . people can be very stupid . he phone ring . Joan , in a overly casual gesture , srand and walk tightly , but briskly inte the kitchen . ell get it . Bernard watch she disappear . bernard Walt , would you like to come to my class tomorrow after school ? walt yeah . frank ( continued ? of we continued : ( 2 ) bernard you have tennis . ( pause ) you be go tc its own thing . a muffle '' helle '' from the other room , some husn conversation . hernard still lack in doan 's di try to make out what she 's say , he face darken prank look how young dad look . Frank holde a copy of undsr Water a novei by Bernard berkman . we show wale the photo of they dad a the back of the bool . walt that 's funny . they laugh , @ernard 's eye remain fix on the kitchen . walt ( cont 'd ) bad , can I have this ? bernard okay . walt would you write something in i gernard , distract , open the book , s¢ wish '' and he signature . a moment , and write '' dad '' in parentheses . Walt and say cheerily : walt ( cont 'd ) thanks . ye ba int . srocklyn college classroom - day uate student . Bernard sit around a table with fifteen gradu ead she story . Walt sit there as we lili thorn , x lill * T abserb sex indiscriminately , mumb and impartial . I suck sen of they interier , a fuck chat tes John , Dan , Scott , whomever . in the popular lust and paternal hunt for my possesgion ... '' we move around the room of student , whe mostly listen politely or with vague interest . one be a burly , curly haire guy who stare intently at lili , but do not appear to be Zisten . Walt be fascinate . Bernard watch , also very intergsted . 13 '' int / ext . bernard's peugeot - dusk 14 Bernard dyife , in a bright mecd . Walt in the seat next to he . bernard she ’sa a very risky writer , lili . very racy . T mean , exhibit she cunt in hat fashion ig very racy . T mean nas she influence in peet medern ature , in 's a bit derivative of buc for a student , very racy . do you get that it be she cunt ? walt ch , yeah . bernard you have like kafka . one of my predecessor , particularly the metamorphosis . walt ocommitte to memory ! the metamorphosis . Bernard turne the car onto they black . ne fuck epace . walt I ' 1l keep you company while we lock . bernard thank you . walt dad , what be you wife like before Mom ? bernard rife really . ‘he first one be annuilec . TI be nineteen , ( continued : qontinged : walt no , the one you would call a wife . sernard ( think ) eficulk . the car turn the corner . Joan and a man 4 clese . Walt crane he neck the get a better lcok . Bernard see this too . walt that 's Mom . bernard ( blankly ) yeah , that 's mom . they keep drive . bernard ( cont 'd ) ( pause , to himself ) what be she wear ? no , 1 guess I have see that before . neither of they say anything . fernard hit the blinker . int . dine room - night be the eamily uat in silence . Walt make quick eye contact with he mother who smile warmiy at he . we dosen 's smile back . Bernard look distract , upset . Frank cake a mut eff he plate and put it up he nose . joan Frank ! do you just of up you nose ? that peanut frank fpause} cashew . yes . he try tc blow it cut , but to no avail . he looka at he mother , unsure of what to do . joan ch , pickle . that 's just a idiotic , stupid thing to do , that peanut can kill you . Frank act like he get at out . frank no , it 's out . I get it . but he do not . Walt give Frank a look , turn to I ( continued ) continued : wal we be read a Tale of two city in ie that any good ? bernaro ag minor dicken . fopular in school , but T think David copperfield or great expectation be much richer . what ig it about at you yead ali the worst beek by good writer ? schook coan you should read it yourselé and see what you think of ib . walt ( eurtly ) T do not wanna waste my time , Joan be surprised by this , Walt do not look up . y be int . live room - nig Bernard be arrange the pull - out couch for hed . a click , click , chick be come from the cther room . he place a glass of water and he watch by the bedside and go into : I al int . dine rocm - continuous i? Joan ig type at the dining ree the doorway and watch . ke lo resentment . table . Bernard stop in ss at she with silent . bernard what be you write ? joan I be work on the peugect story . bernard do you take my note about e end ? joan yeah , bernard then you do not take my note . the phone ring . T : angwer it . beth leck be ir . a pause and Joan ( continued ) 18 19 20 16 . continued : joan hello ?... hi ... she look at Bernard awkwardly . suddenly he charge at she , grab the phone and slam it down . int . franks room - night 18 the distant sound of yell . Frank roll over in bed , try not to listen . he try to breathe out of he nostril , the cashew still lodge up there . int . walt 's room / hallway - night 19 Walt , sit up in bed , be try to hear . his father yell , '' you be make I crazy ! '' " . Walt get up and walk down the hallway . he lie down at the top of the stair and listen . int . berkman live room - morning 20 Walt and Frank be put on they coat , pack bookbag . Bernard stand in the doorway . bernard umm , boy , make sure you come home right after school . frank why ? bernard we be have a family conference . walt what 's that ? bernard a talk . dust come home . walt what about ? bernard we will go over it tonight . walt can not you give we a hint ? bernard ( flustered ) no , just ... tonight , we will go over everything . tw ws 17 , ext . brooklyn STREET - mcrning 21 Walt and Frank walk in silence , both look anxious . walr dropa Frank off at he schocl . int . subway ~ morning 22 Walt sit , a blank look om he face . int . junior kighschcol library - dry prank sit with Carl on a couch . cari calk incessantly , Frank do navt respond ext , brogklyn STREET - late day 24 same spot . Frank be wait ag Walt pick he up . they start home tocether , just # 6 anxious ang silent . they do not speak , even co say , hello . int , berkman live room - dusk bs wo Frank and wait sit in front of Bernard in a oddly formal manner , bernard just wait for you mother the toilet flush and Joan come cut of the bathroom and join they , the boy nold they nose . oh , mom , worn sorry . okay . bernard okay . all ser ? jcan yes . bernard okay , you mom and I ... anticipate what 's come , Frank just burst into tear . bernard ( cont 'd ) okay ... yeah ... Mom and I be go ... foff Frank 's tear } yeah , .. we be go to separate , Frank put he haad in hig hand , cry harder . Walt look at he brother and back at he Mom who emile at } he do not know what to say . continued : joan you be not go to ke leave either ef we . bernard unity } we be gonna have joint custody ... prank , 's okay . I have get a e¢legant new house across the park . frank across the park ! that 's so far away . that even Brooklyn ? rernard tt *a only ive stop on the subway from he tt 's a elegant black the filet cf the neighborhood . ( smile at Walt ) we will have a ping pong table . walt I do not play ping pong . jcan and we will both see you equally . walt how will that work ? bernard we be splitring up the week , alternate day prank why ? bernard Cause I love you and want to see you as much as you mother do . walt gut there 's seven day . bernard right . walt how will you split evenly with seven day ? eday , nednesday and sacurday . and every cther Thursday . {continued} bernard that 's how we each have you equally . joan that be you father 's idea . isobbi do not do kalt how will I get to schcol es bernard there 's a gubway four block from the house . four or five . no more than six block . walt what about the cat ? the cat , a fat furry thing , watch from the archway . torn shit , the cat . bernard we do not discuss the cat , Bernard look at Joan , who be wait for he to answer . joan you father will pick he up on that day when you be switch house . bernard ( annoyed ) il have to drive here two additional time a week ? T guess sm , you get a place on the cther side of the park . if you would getten a plate near here , would not be a problem , nard thig neighborhood have gottan very expensive , Joan , it 's very painful for I to stay in this neighborhood , you know that . fen not be difficult . T feel banish . {continues} bo oy the of continued : ( 3 ) prank atart cry again . joan oh , pickle ... alt so , dad , what wili happen wit ( realize ) and oy guitar . who will transfer my guitar ? bernard ( mutter ) Joan brughes she tooth . be startle the sex wait in the doorway . he 's walt be it cause dad be not as successful as he use to be ? she spit into the sink . walt ( cont 'd ) now that you be publishing and he -- joan Walt , that 's net a nice thing to say . walt becauee this be a great family and tf do not know why you be screwing it up . joan if we could avoid ab , I would . walt why be you doiny this now ? you have be together sixteen year - ~ joan seventeen . walt I can not imagine live with you guy dike this , torn do not most of you friend already have divorced parent ? walt yeak , but £ do not . ( continued ) 27 238 contimued : Joan 's face have a light sheen of sweat . she face in a towel for @ moment . she cegurface and lock eye with she son . joar well , now you de , walt jon listen . chicken , I understand how unhappy you be . I be unhappy too . and ~ do not want you or Frank to blame yourself for any of this , idirect ) it have nething the do with you . Walt , flustered , walk inte he room . Joan look at herself in the mirror . she lean in , she lip be + dry . she take a loose piece of chap skin and tear in from she lip . it start to bie int , berkman live room - night 2 ? Bernard sleep on the pull - out couch . Jean quiet walk by with a stack of buoka in she arm , int . franks room ~ night 28 Frank wake up with woa , woa ... he leek dewn at nis foot . Joan be slide book under he bed . joan shn . it 's okay , go back to sleep . prank ( pause ) be that book ? jcan yes . this be my book . frank why be they go under the bed ? they and I death wane . ( continued ? continued : Joan git down on the flecr crosslegge . he sigh and gaye to herself . a { cont ' D} m back on th ava , ext . brooklyn STREET - morning 2 B wale and Frank walk to schooi in silence Frank 's eye ar. red and puffy from cry . Walt stay i walt until thing be certain I de n‘e think we should say anything to anyone yer . frank why ? baly Cause we never know and I do nor want pecple to know we business . frank I tell carh walt already ? prank iocalled he last might , T oo tell Matt and male . Frank burst into tear just thineing about it . walt bnd wale . snit , now everyone will know , Jesus , Frank . prank should tell pecple , Mom say with walt Mom do not have to stop cry . oo to school . a esively , wave Frank take ocf£& for a scheci . Walt , dismi . he off and head for tne subway . ext . subway platform - morning 30 wale , frey , otto and lance exit the crain . Walt want to say something , b doesn know how to say it . the ether be a bit stilted as aware that something be up . ( continued ? 31 23 . continued : lance I constantly get a boner on the D train . jeffrey just the D ? lance other train too . Bus sometimes . New York transportation pretty much do it . walt my parent be divorce , the boy all kind of mumble , nod . walt ( cont 'd ) I figure you all might know already , but that 's ... anyway , it sort of suck . more mumble , agree . otto turn to Walt . otto I hear it 's joint custody . Joint custody blow . walt I be tell it 's better . otto it 's miserable . my parent do not want to uproot I and Rebecca so we stay in the house and they both take separate apartment and switch off come to we . then my Mom meet dexter and my dad freak out . and then they sell the house and I go back and forth anyway . Joint custody blow . a train rumble into the station . CUT to black , int . / ext . bernard's peugeot - dusk Bernard pull up in front of the jewish Community Center . Walt , in a mismatch jacket and tie , be buckle in next to he . bernard I '' gonna take you guy to see my new house next week . it will be nice to move in finally , that couch be kill my back . walt ( nod ) could I have some money ? 31 ( continued ) continued ; bernard for what ? to get something to @at after class . bernard here . he dig in he wallet and produce two dollar frown . bernard ( cont 'd ) what ? walt two dollar will not get I a plate of fxy . sernard how much be a plate of fries ? bernard for fries ? Bernard , incredulous , go into he pocket some Change into Walt 's hand . Walt saye no climb out of the car , shut the doer . tur wa wave , but berne gesture . dance teacher ( 0.8. } okay , rotat ba m int . jewish community CENTER - dusk he trickle " a cle of girl and a retate cle cf boy . most kid in clash , odd formal wear . fach boy dance a dance with a girl and then meve om to the next girl . Walt move over to Sophie . sophie you live in Park glope , right ? wal my mom doeg .. , and it do sometimes . dance teacher side , step , back step , side , step , back step ... ( continued ) continued : 25 walt I be algo go to live on the other side of the park . half the time . walt i do not know what the neighborhood 's call actually . the street 's stratford Road . my dad 's movin there . sopht . iknow stratford . what mimber on stratford ? walt qum ... three something maybe ... I be not gure actually . for have not see it yet . i hear it 's the filer of the neighborheeod , Sophie nod , unsure what that mean , they dance . walt ( cont ’d ) you like franz katka ? sophie I do not know he , walt he 's great . the metamorphosis be @ masterpié sopute sound good . walt tt be , scprie have you read this side of paradise ? alt no , but it 's minor fitzgerald . sophie be it ? y love it , walt it 's a minor work . gatsby 's he masterpiece and tender in the night have dazzle moment , last tycsen , have not finish it -- {continued} ae oy a a nm a + 42 ) continue , dance teacher sonhi Walt make a face to Sophie and they laugh . int / ext . bernard 's peugeot - da Bernard wait outside Joan 's house . he keep the car xunming , tengely clurching the wheel . he open the glove compartment , take out a mix tape make by Walt and pute it in the tape deck . he put he hand back on the wheel , finally , Walt and Frank come cut the frent doc . Frank heid the cat under he arm . int . bernard's fprugeot ~ BAY they drive , Walt go intc he bag and take out a couple ef book , dostoyevsky , melville , and hand they ro Bernard , bernard ch , thanks . yeah , for ferget to take she have a few of my book she go around write she maiden name in 2il the book once she know we be splitri but this be definitely mine . prank be you and walc steal from Mom ? bernard this be mine , Frank , 4 screech as Bernard slam on the krease jusn avoid Ivan of be creese the a ivan woa ! bernard watch out ! Jesus . Ivan , dress up in a blazer with jeans and cowboy boot , peer in the window . ivan whoops . Bernard . Walt . hey , brether . 's the backhand ? frank ( smile ) goad . ivan ( whisper ) two hand . no junkyard now . bas a sontinued ) a7 head , in agreement . ivan ( cont 'd ) uh , Bernard , Joan gay you have a check for I . she say no , tennis be hers . ivan she say it 's yours . bernard sg. to we separation it say handle coat , I do sneak she 's wr ivan okay , T / will take it up with she . Ivan wink at Frank and continue on . hernard drive . bernard ivan 's '' bit of a half - wit , be not he ? then dee Bernard . frank. arn : i int / ext . subway station - day with a as the train pass by we se@ each subway stop on the way to Bernard 's : parkaide , prospect , Church , beverly certelyou , we pan from the curside of cortelyou Bernard 's peugect as it pull up toa : ext . bernard be new home - day ro we os hie house be a' victorian structure , but prenty dilapidare v the poarch bow to one side , the stair be rotting . Walt and Frank climb ouc cf the car , a bit take aback by this place . prank still have the ¢at . Bernard grin int . bernard nos new home - day we od Bernard unlock the door and he , Walt and Frank enter it 's quite ramshackle , fall apart . mismatch , furniture . prank put the cat down . bernard it be important to I to have a place like you mother 's . I be gonna cook and run the household like you be use oo ; ratty ( continued ) 3 frank this be nething like we house . berna you mean you mother 's house . frank what ? sernazd this be nothing like you morher 's house . prank that 's what I just say . bernard no , you say , '' we '' house . that 's you mother 's house . this be you house toa frank no , this be you house . bernard it 's oug house , Frank turn to see the cat pissing in the corner . int . franks new room - day 38 the room be already sparsely and randomly decorate , a few odd postere on the wall . frank looka at a image of tlie nastase . he shake he head . frank io hate nast 2 , you know thet . ivan meet nastase and say he be a asshole . bernard well , '' could ant find Vitas gerulitis . prank I have a Vitas pogter at home . , .at mon 's . and all my turtles . bernard we can get . you some you like the amphibi artle . T know frank turtles be reptile . bernard here 's a desk for you the do you homework . icgntinued} ul continued : Bernard indicate one of that chair / desk with to the arm of the chair , Frank he look norribly uncomfortable . prank dad , this ie tor a lefty . barnard gay nothiag , it . walt 's new room - night 39 the knick game ig come from the ty downstairs . the roan have be set up with much more care , a few select book on a desk and poster of Sam seckectt and Antonioni 's '' blow up '' tack to the wall , Walt and prank each weay one brown box ove . they jab at sach other softly . prank dad get I a lefty des walt Frank , do not be difficult . we need be be supportive cf have . frank T hate it here , walt you can get a frank why do I want a desk at home 2 ny wa i do not want a chalkboard or a bell go off every forty - five minute either , walt he like be with we . frank he like have we in the house . you get beck . I do not get book . walt Cause this ave book dad know I like . frank I wanna go back to Mom 's , walt why do you wanna go to Mom 's ? she cause '' chick . prank ne she do n‘c . ( continued ) continued : Frank hit Walt with he bare hand , walt ow , you can not do that . frank i'm not a chick . walt yes , you be . ( raisang he voice ? and you do not know what you be talk about , chick . thia be Mom 's do , frank stop call I chick . walt do not Mom tell we they would never gat diverce ? frank yeah , walt se , Mom 's a liar . Frank hit Walt again with he bare hand , brother 's €ar . walt ( cont ’d ) ow , fuck , that hure . Walt punch Frank harder with he glove . frank Frank wildly smack Walt with both hand he glove , grab Frank , and pin he to knee digging into Frank 's shesr . frank ( cont 'd ) I be mot be a chick you fuck ass man ! Walt dig deeper . Frank grimace in pain . frank ( cont 'd ? you nre hurt I , really hurt I . Walt 's face suddenly grow emotional , he 's on '' he edge of cry . he release Frank and sit up . F cough . frank ( cont 'd ) one turtle would have make a difference . al a2 with rs continued : ( 2 ) wale do not know how to ysack . rank , uneasily , wal out ct the raom int . frank 's room ~ continuous 4a Frank enter , hold he sore chest . he sit in hig lefry desk chair , he bury he head in he arm , but hag trouble aince the desk beard be on the wrong side omitted 41 int . bernardn college office - day 42 the student file cut , lili walka up to Bernard who be pack up he briefcase , she hand he a story . wale wait for he dad . lit io hope you iik# ib . yair note be awegome , Bernard . I love you idea for the change in tense at the end . bernard ah , for think it ceuld be the coup of the story . belt I reread a Hunger artist on you suggestion and steal a coupis thing . see if you can spet they . bernard good story to steal from . she grin at Walt who instantly blushes . she walk away . they stare ac she silenrliy the entire length of the hallway . int . tennis coukt - Day 43 Frank hit long . Ivan at the net , frank fuck i an Frank ?! frank Bernard and Walt watch the lesson from the sideline . walt how long be you and Mom not get along ? ( continued ? continued : bernard oh , ..a couple of year . wald why do not you tell tie ? bernard i think we weuld work it out . want to . I try , as you know , for try very hard you mother ultimately be not interested in that . walt why nat ? bernard i think it hag very little to do with I . she tould never make up she mind . she would pull away and then get angry at I for not be more aggressive , her affair with that man Richard really make it difficult finally for I to save the marriage . ft become a fair accomp . Walt 's face whiten . walt affair ? make another error . prank mother shit fucker ! ivan Frank ! bernard with Richard walt who 's Richard ? bernard oh ... man from the nborchood she meet nim at one of Frank 's litt league game . a shrink . seam sort of ike a ordinary guy . not a antellectual . walt how long be she have the affair ? bernard oh , .. abeut four year . {continued} continued : why do not you tell I , Walt . because you cheat on dad Jean take a breath . Frank loaeke at Walt , sure joan how do you hear that ? fpause ! you father tell you ? walt yeah , not tell I why do you , Mom ? Joan I ... be have a hard vime . walt where be we during a you bring man home ? th soan pause , think about how to answer . joan Net while ...net ... noc when you father be in town , 3 guy actually meet Richard , both of you boy , he come for cake - cut once . you remember ? you father be in Seattle . you talk about the Stones . walt he have the sticky finger with the real zipper ? joan ( pausel yeah ? I do not remember . walt on God . under we nose . like a brothel . Men come in and we . frank Walt , shut up . joan ff you want I the axplain , I wi walt i do not wanna hear about it . frank i do . a4 . 2 in 46 continued : ( 2 ) joan well , waic do not sce I will not aay anything . and atart ro li Jean return to the walt ast I . you be not even a writer until recently . you just bail on dad cause he 's not as successful ag he use the be and he have not get the vecegnition he deserve . dcan drop the table gown . she 's catch off-guard . joan you sound like you fache walt well , D be I sound like he . discust I . joan you be be a shit , wal . and Frank be both take aback walt tim cake the cat . Walt try to grab the cat which hiss at nim . Frank stands between Walt and the animal . prank you can not have fim , it 's nis night here : wa give Frank a sheve , and leave , alamm the door for emphasis . int . bernard's kouse ~ NI 45 Walt and nis facher sic in front of the ty watch yy " . tha phene ring . Walt pick int . franks room - intercut 46 tangerine dream 's '' Love on a Real train " from risky Business Plays on the record player . Frank sit on he bed , shirtless , a beer in he lap . he check out he muscle in the mirror , where he 's draw a tattoo with magic marker that vead : Vitas . ( continued ) 36 . continued : frank she also have a affair with some therapist . 47 int . walt room at dad 's - intercut 47 Walt take the phone into he room , sit on the floor . walt I do not want to know . frank and otto 's father , don. walt ( blanch ) otto 's father ? frank yeah . but it 's over . walt otto . otto do not masturbate . frank she say the affair have be kind of miserable for she . she 's dating now , but nothing serious . walt she 's crazy . she should keep she affair to herself . I be not go back to Mom 's . frank you have to . Joint custody . walt fuck joint custody . Frank crack open the beer . Walt react to the noise . walt ( cont 'd ) be Mom let you drink soda ? frank beer . walt since when do you drink beer ? frank since recently . Frank pose in he mirror as if he 's hit a shirtless two hand backhand . ( continued ) cortinued : frank { cont ‘d ) you think Don and she 4 walt qh , ged , I do not wanna think about . prank imagine de 's dick in Mom 's mouth . walt ( shocked ) whe be you ? step it . frank t be just ask . co you think they do that ? you think she get anal sex from Don ? silence on both end . 43 int . joan ‘s bathroom - night 48 Frank drink mouthwash and swaliow it . he and Joan look in tne mirzrer . frank ( reuck she face ) we have the same bone structure . joan no , you have you dad 's feature . frank really ? fuck it . joan isteral Fran , frank i think I have you bone structure . Joan ( matter of facnly ) you 's be ug . ( continued ) 43 so continued : why would you . true . I think Carl joan I '' not though , sweetry -- Joan start to cry . Frank be startle by this . he suddenly feel terrible . frank I '' sorry , mom . Mom , I be sorry . 7 be talk about myself . vank take her hand . Joan start cryina harder joan it 's okay . it 's okay the say that . you can think I be ugly if you want . prank but it be talk about myself , Mom , i as . zx he reach he arma areund she shaking bedy . int , jonior highschool library - day 4g Frank site at a table , a book about Arthur ashe in front of he . #e leok a a girl talk to she friend a few table away . he gather he stuff and rise . we follow Frank into the stack a hide place in back , i@ remove a tarnm out piece of seme porn mag from he bag . it barely sho anything . he look around and start thumping the side of the bookcase . when he 's through he reach into he pants , take hia semen and spréadge it acroge some book on the shelf . int . highschool cafeteria - day so * Walt sit across from gttc . otto stand , to bue he tray . . walt I find out semething last night . otto whet 's that ? walt that you dad be fuck my mom . {continced} continued : obte sit . otto I do not believe it . lance and Jeffrey pass . lance mouth '' loser derecter 's otro , otte make a face . walt yeah , supposedly go on for a year er seo abour twa ays ago . otte shut he eye for a moment , let it sink in . otrtro where have they do it , you think ? walt i do not know , hote otte what a cliche . youx mom tell you this ? tpo she tell Frank ? ugh . I be so horrify by this . walt thanks . otto do not mean by you Mom . she 's very t walt otto -+- 2 guess , , .do J bring it up tonignt ? walt st a affair . a mot gonna be brether or anything . she say you dad 's pretty fuck up with woman . 39 to ( continued ) otto nannoy } well , why do ehe sleex walt I do not know . bevause she 's a asshole . Si int . sophte 's parent 's live room day S1 Sophie and Walt nk wine cooler and listen to record sophie oh , i read the matamorphosis , you be right , it 's great walt on ? sophie yeah , I mean so bizarre . think be happen at the sister ? walt I think she 's ... in 's sophie yeah . ft mean , it 's groas turn into the bug , bun ft mactex of fact everything walt yeah , she laugh . what do you end with the ambiguous it 's very kafkaesque . walt ) mean , clearly . he meet eye . he lean tareugh and tk kiss . they stop for a second , ssing again . sophie you be shove the whole tengue in walt oh. ..sorry . in part mout , sihile way , stop . she open . he. at one another and I . {continued} continued : sophie s‘okay just de it a yittle , like lite ks walt {with he tongue in she mouth } like this ? sophie he tongue in she they kiss for a bit . they release and look at #ach cther . ww. wish you do ant have so many neckle on you face . T T ir Sophie be on the edge cf a reaction . walt ( cont 'd ) y though , for do not know . nor real with hv int . bernard's live room '' Bernard be openin etter . it 's a form rejection letter from a agency e dito Mr. beckman . he toss it on ed . Frank walk into lhe room , frank + feel kind of feverish . [ De we have any ty ol ? bernard ( distract ) it do not know . frank . I do not see any . bernard then there be not any . frank can we ger some ? Bernard go into he wallet and hand he two dollara . frank ( cont 'd ) be thie enough ? bernard get & small one . 33 int . drugstore - day $ 3 3 rank put the tylenol on the ceunter . the salesman ring = oup . a salesman fty-sevyen . Three £ Frank looka at he , '' really '' ? the guy wait . 5a ext . bernard's house - day ba Bernard , hold the front doar open , lcok down at Frank . bernard for a small one ? Frank nod . Bernard go into hi ket , dive poank two dollar . Frank , now sweat with fever , tern back around 58 ext , brooklyn STREET - day 55 Frank shuffles out of the stere , the tylenol in he hand . he look terrible . s&é int . bernard's kitchen ~- day Frank enter . Bernard be read the paper . prank tt gor it bernard you have change ? Frank dig into he pocket and hand he father back the farty - three cent . bernard ( cont 'd ) you wanna play ping pong ? frank I be gonna lie down . bernard one game . s7 int . bernard 's attic - pay 5 ? Frank serve it off the table . frank fuckin 's shit : he slama he paddle on the tabie . ( continued ) uw a 43 . continued : bernard ig the ?. have you giv to what you be intere moiere theyght doin ? Frank intentionally hit if we . gernard ( cont 'd ) come on , you have to try . tip 's not fun for I if yea do not try . prank eowant to ke a tennis pro like Ivan . bernard come on , you da not want to be a tennis pre . frank why not ? bernard nok sericus . I mean , mcenroe ox '' 2 : be a artist , it 's lik dance . ora hag a beutish brilliance . but ... Ivan be fing , but he 's not a serious guy . he 's a pprilistine . frank @ philigstine ? about book or interesti ilm or taing . you mobher 's brother ned be also a philistine frank then I be a philistine . bernard no , you be interested in book and thing . d child when wa see ic . you like the W frank but lot of people cam like that movie . fconsider ir ) no , I '' a philistine . Frank serve , Bernard put it away . int . sernard/ dine rcom / kitchen ~ night Walt and Frank wait be the dining room table , plate in front of they with raw carrot , ag Bernard , around the corner in the kitchen , fries up the veal cutlet . ( continued ? 53 44 . continued : bernard 0.5 ) when be I go to meer the famous Sophie ? i de a't know . she 's not georgeous . but she 's cube bernard ( 0.8 . } you have pienty of tim gorgeous woman , walt smile at this think . goddama Frank get up , walk around che cor kitchen . the veal cutlet be scat 1 Bernard be pick they up , he back to Frank . Frank return to the table and wait . frank . they fall on the flicar . in w@ moment later bernaré , wale and Frank sit at the table eat the cutlet . Frank remove something from he mouth with diagust . bernard when my first nove : , lhada let of opportunitie . with you mother so I do not parsake . &nd I have never have a affair with a student , although many have come on to I . that 's why uo might not want to he attach at you age . but it sound like Sophie 's good for now . frank why would you yeil goddamn ic ? bernard ( net lsek up } i burn myself . walt fhe cutlet be great . dad , do you hear from that agent ? bernard umm , net yet . ( continu continued : alt but if he tike ye get it publish , then you bernarl cally . prank what happen to you old agent , frad ? rnard he piss I cif . make a disparage remark about the knick at a parcy . Said they play like thug . [ for find it really offensive , he 's kind of a jerk . Frank leck deren , the bit of porn mag he have before be becween hia leg on the chair . bernard ( cont ‘d ) I think it be impertant to you mother that I achieve some sort of comme , al success . and when I do not meet she expectation in that area ... he clear he throat . the look at Walt ana shrug . int . midwood hallway ~ day 6 of Walt and Sophie pass each other , hand off fold note . int . classroom - moment later 63 Walt take he seat end open the loose - leaf note . the to bryan adasz '' run to you " int . higkschocl physics lab - same 62 Sophie quickly open she note too . a type quote from sartre to Simone de beauvoir . schgol - day 63 Walt and Sophie walk together , hoid hand . sophie what you be go to witness ig a greenberg family tradition . Friday night chinese at hunan Palace . I hope you be prepare . they pass by wendy chen , a clasamate . Walt drop sopnie 's hand . they both say , hi as she passea , sophie ( cont 'd ) why would you ler go of my hand ? ( continued ) 64 65 46 . continued : walt what ? sophie when we pass Wendy , you let go . walt I do not realize . he pick she hand back up . int . hunan palace - dusk 64 mr , and mrs . greenberg , Sophie and Walt . the waiter bring they sizzling soup . mrs . greenberg Walt , be there anything special you would like to order ? walt no , I be just happy to have the same amount of dish as people . in my family , it 's always one dish less the number of people . that 's we family tradition , not order enough food . mrs . greenberg ( laugh ) that 's funny . oh , he 's funny , Sophie . sophie I know . Sophie kick Walt under the table . he look around at the family , together , happy . it 's all very comfortable . ext . joan 's house - dusk 65 Bernard sit in the car . a moment . he get out , open the backseat , take out the pet carrier . the cat mews from inside as he walk up the familiar stoop of he old house . ring . a beat . Joan open the front door . joan you be early . bernard hi , Joan . he hand she the cat , joan do not feed he the generic stuff . bernard what ? ( continued ) continued ; orn F : k say you be feed the cath generic food . get purina , it 's whet bernard ie 's the same damn thing , Joan . joan okay . it 's not , but ... bernard he 's my cat too . ‘ou remember when he get 3 in the wall in New Hampshire and T rescue he . I know how to handle it . joan tt be @ xvadiator . bernard what ? joan ke be stick in a radiator . Bernard say socthing . joan { cont ' D} you beard . you trim bernard it waa start the get a little feral you look well . joan yeah ? thanks . bernard thing be good here . Teaching 's go well . and I be play the best tennis of my life . mayhe that 's a allusion , but it feel that way . he neck slightly , try the see over she ( cont * D ? hey . I be mking we should sit at wale 's performance next month . {continued} continued : silence . 48 . ( 2 ) bernard ( pause ) okay . joan I think it would be nice for he if we be both there together . maybe we could all go out afterwards . bernard mmm . I do not know . maybe . okay , maybe . I think he 's get quite good at guitar . joan I know . the stuff he 's write be really wonderful . have you meet he girlfriend ? bernard no . he talk about she with I , though . joan good . I would appreciate it if you do not tell he about thing like Richard ... bernard my father tell I you call he . joan ( pause ) I do , yeah . bernard he say you ... he say you be upset . joan yeah . I want to ... I like he . you know that . I just want to say ... I do not know , I want to say , hello . bernard he call I right after . he say , '' bernie , I think you can save you marriage . '' Joan , uncomfortable , say nothing . bernard ( cont 'd ) I tell he I do not think there be anything else I could do . I do try everything . ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 3 ) tear start to spill down Joan 's face . a pause and Bernard turn and walk toward the car . joan bye Bernard . she shut the door . 66 int . bernard 's classroom - day 66 lili approach Bernard as he 's pack up . Walt wait . lili Bernard , I be wonder if you know of any apartment . I be be kick out of my sub-let . unless I , I do not know , blow the super , I be out on my ass . bernard oh ... I do not ... lili {to Walt ) I guess you do not know either , huh ? walt ( glad to be ask ) oh ...nope . bernard actually , I have a extra room in my house . you could stay there till you find something . ( pause ) and you would not have to blow you super . Walt 's eye widen . lili smile wryly . lili oh wow , I guess . , . I no hate to put you out . bernard no , no. lili or you kid . walt no , no . 67 int . bernard's foyer - day 67 Bernard help lili carry she bag in . Walt , trail , he eye on lili 's ass , pack into she tight jeans . 50 . 68 int . guest room - day 68 lili enter . the '' blow up '' poster be now on she wall . she turn around . Bernard and Walt stand in the doorway , smile plaster on they face . lili blow up. look like a cool movie . walt it 's a classic . I have it in my room . bernard the bathroom be right across the hall . you 'il have to share with the kid , but they can come upstairs and use mine . lili . I do not care . as long as Walt remember to put the seat down . thank you , Bernard . thank you , walt. Bernard and Walt just keep grin . 69 int . bernard n's attic - night 69 Bernard play ping pong with Frank . bernard Joan tell I you do not like you sheet . frank they be fine . bernard and that you disapprove of the food I feed the cat . you should tell I this thing , not she . Bernard serve the ball off the table . bernard ( cont 'd ) fuck ! ! frank 15 ! 15/20 . he serve , they rally , both they face tense . Frank win again . Bernard slam he racquet onto the table . bernard motherfucker ! I can not believe this ! frank my serve . ( continued ) 51 . continued : Frank quick -serve Bernard who hit it out . bernard I be not ready . frank yes , you be . bernard ( stern ) Frank , I be not ready . 70 int . kitchen - same 70 lili , dress to go out , look in the fridge . Walt watch she . we can hear the ping pong from upstairs . lili this be mother Hubbard . there 's nothing to eat or drink . no soda . walt we be not allow soda . lili I guess there 's two kind of parent , that who allow soda and sugar cereal and that who do not . we hear a '' I can not believe this shit ! '' from the attic . lili wipe she hand with a paper towel and toss it in the garbage . walt we be not suppose to use paper towel to wipe we hand . the cloth be for that . lili you 's be cute . walt thanks . she touch he head , a kind of a gentle caress , and disappear into the other room . Walt go into the garbage and find the paper towel . he stuff it in he pocket . 721 int . bernard 's attic - same 71 they rally . tension flaring . Bernard hit what look like a winner , Frank dive and return it . Bernard hit another shot which Frank lunge and get back . a looper which Bernard slam for a winner . Frank , stagger back , hit he head on the wall . ( continued ) * 72 73 52 . continued : frank shit !! Bernard instantly ease up , now that he 's win . bernard good game . it 's hard to beat you father . Frank chuck he paddle across the table , just miss Bernard and thudding into the wall . bernard ( cont 'd ) hey ! watch out . Frank walk past he dad and down the stair . frank ( under he breath ) suck my dick , ass man . int . bernard's live room - night 72 Bernard watch lili , through the window , on the front porch . she 's greet by the burly , curly haire man from Bernard 's class . they disappear out of he sight . Bernard look annoyed and disappointed . a light click on . Walt walk by , he coat on . bernard where you go ? walt the movie . and then to a party . with Sophie . what be you go to do ? bernard umm , I do not know . Frank will not leave he room . he 's be difficult . Walt look at he dad . he look sad , vulnerable . walt you wanna come to the movie ? bernard okay . not the party , but the movie . walt we be think '' short circuit '' . bernard '' Blue Velvet '' be suppose to be quite interesting . omitted 73 the ee 74 75 76 77 '' 53 . int . movie theater - night 74 on screen , a naked and bruise isabella rossellini step out on to she porch . Walt and Bernard , with Sophie between they , watch . Sophie glance over at Bernard for a second , then back to the movie . she look horribly embarrassed . int . franks new room - night 75 Frank , shirtless , a beer on he lefty desk , inspect himself in the mirror . he talk to he reflection ina loud whisper , act out some imaginary scenario . frank no !... stop !... Frank , no !... he stop , look around and start pack he knapsack . int . diner - night 76 Bernard , Walt and Sophie in a booth , eat burger bernard a student of mine write very racy short storey you might like . sophie oh ? bernard yeah , she have one that chronicle she vagina . walt ( blush ) dad ... sophie oh , that ... that sound interesting . bernard very feminist , but very interesting . sophie uh huh . silence . the waitress bring the check . Bernard go for he wallet . Sophie , politely take out a few bill and hand they to Bernard . he take she money . Walt watch this interaction , embarrassed . int . bernard's house - night 77 Bernard enter alone . bernard Frank , I be back ! ( continued ) 78 79 54 . continued : he walk upstairs and down the hall . bernard ( cont 'd ) Frank ? he look into Frank 's room . it 's empty . he look in the bathroom , he room , Walt 's room , he jog down the stair . bernard ( cont 'd ) Frank ! int / ext . bernard's peugeot - night 78 Bernard drive through he neighborhood , scan the street . he turn a corner , Frank , he knapsack on , lug a duffle , be walk at a brisk pace toward the subway . Bernard speed up and pull along side of he . Frank turn , he face drop when he see he dad . moment later 79 Bernard drive , Frank next to he , quietly steaming , bernard what be you do ? frank I be go to Mom 's . bernard you do not do that on my night . ever . you hear I ? frank yes . bernard I be you father , you listen to what I say . frank but you be out . bernard it 's still my night , dammit ! frank okay , okay . Bernard turn the corner , look to park . bernard shit , and someone get my space . goddammit ! son. of. A. bitch . frank sorry . ( continued } 80 55 . continued : Bernard stop at a light . a moment . Frank unbuckle , and be out the door . running . bernard Frank ! int . mom 's live room - night : 80 Frank enter , the room be dim . a record play on the stereo . the furniture have now be successfully rearrange . frank hello ! hello :! the sound of footstep . Joan , in a man 's oxford shirt and underwear , come down the step . joan Frank ? what be you do here ? it 's not you night with I . frank I do not wanna look like dad . joan look be not everything , it 's not you night with I , sweetie . Frank notice a empty bottle of champagne on the coffee table . . frank do you have a party ? joan I celebrate . knopf be publishing my movel . Pickle , you should be at you dad 's . frank yeah ? joan yeah . I need some night without you guy sometimes . Frank nod , disappointed . his eye settle on a second glass and plate . he look up at he Mom . jcan ( cont 'd ) i.. , someone 's here . heavier footstep sound and a sheepish look Ivan come down the stair in a t-shirt and jeans . Frank just stare . ( continued ) 81 82 56 . continued : ivan what 's up , brother ? frank nothing . int . lance 's parent 's live room - night 81 Walt and Sophie , lance and lara , Jeffrey and Susan mingle like they be adult . otto be alone . everyone smoke . lance Jeffrey , what can I getcha ? jeffrey ( suave ) gin fizz . bond 's drink . Sophie ? sophie umm , rum and tonic . lance ( smooth ) a rum and tonic lady . and a bartles and James and Coke for I . the phone ring . lance pick it up . lance ( cont 'd ) hello ? he hand the receiver to Walt . Walt look to Sophie , '' weird '' . int / ext . bernard's peugeot - night 82 Bernard drive . Walt next to he , a little buzze . bernard he just take off and go to you mother 's . it 's my night , he know that . walt do you ever think we could ease up on whose night be whose ? bernard I wanna see you guy . I love you . silence . walt do you like Sophie ? ( continued ) 83 84 57 . continued : bernard yeah . I think she 's fine . be she a knick fan ? walt I do not know . you think she 's pretty ? bernard sure , but she 's not the type I go for . you just have to decide if you want to be attach . it 's good to play the field at you age . walt ( of fhand ) lili be pretty . they pull up in front of Joan 's place . bernard mmm . would you go ring the bell . TI hate walk up that step . it 's very uncomfortable for I . very painful . I use to live in this house . ( off Walt 's look ) as you know . Walt nod and climb out of the car . int . bathroom - night 83 Joan open the bathroom door . the shower be run . joan Pickle , you dad and Walt be here and they be go to take you back to Bernard 's . Frank casually respond from the other side of the curtain . frank I all be right out . joan I be sorry about ... about you see Ivan like this . I would have like to have tell you before you see he . ext . joan 's house - night 84 from Frank 's window , Joan watch she son walk to Bernard 's idling car . Walt and she meet eye . he turn away and climb in the car , Frank suddenly stop at the curb and do not get in . he stand there . everyone wait . CUT to black . 85 86 58 . int . walt 's room at dad 's - night 85 Walt , he homework spread on the floor , sing along to the lyric of a record . Bernard enter hold the phone . bernard you mother . Walt hesitates . Bernard indicate that he should take it . walt ( pause ) hello . int . joan be room - intercut 86 Joan sit on the side of she bed , a glass of sherry on the end table . her hand shake slightly . she take a deep breath . joan hi. ( try to get it all out ) I want to tell you about Ivan so you do not hear it from anyone else . ( pause ) Frank may have already say something . walt he do . joan I have be see he a short time . but I like he and I think you guy should know that . and meet he . I mean , I know you know he , I mean meet he this way . and ... do you have any question ? walt no. joan umm ... there be something else I be go to say ... oh , I run into celia , lance 's mother , on the street and she be tell I how wonderful she think you be . how polite and funny you be ... walt uh huh . joan she say there be something you do with the salt and pepper shaker , a little play or something . ( continued ) 87 59 . continued : walt it be kind of stupid . joan I say , I know all that thing about he already . but it 's nice to hear it . ( pause ) I remember what else I be go to say . I want to know if you have be interested in come to dinner on Saturday because I be have the dickstein over -- walt I be go to a party on Saturday and I be sleep at Jeffrey 's . joan ( pause ) that 's okay . silence . walt I be gonna go to bed . joan okay . goodnight , chicken . walt night . he hang up . so do she . int . highschool auditorium - day 87 kid line up as mr . simic , 40 's , go through the order of performer for the talent show . Walt sit on the edge of the stage with lance , Jeffrey and otto around he . lance safety pin he jeans . a young girl practice she song . lance you think she like you ? walt I get a feel , yeah . lance what about Sophie ? walt i£ I can lose it to lili , I 'il do it . I mean , I bet she 's great in bed . ( continued ) 88 60 . continued : jeffrey she can probably move she pussy muscle just the right way so you blow you load in like second . walt it have be pretty great . lance maybe do ‘em both . why not ? they all nod in agreement . otto oh , I jerk off . you be right . it 's good . they all look at otto. int . tennis court - dusk 88 Joan and Frank enter . Frank initially will not meet Ivan 's eye , but Ivan smile warmly . ivan hey , brother . how 's the grip ? frank fine. ( pause ) do you think you and I be philistine ? joan Frank ! ivan what 's a philistine ? frank someone who do not like book or interesting movie and thing . Bernard enter , take aback to see Joan with Ivan and Frank . bernard oh ... you be still here . it 's my night with he . joan I know , I think I would watch he hit . they stand in silence . Ivan give Frank a kind of half shrug . Frank give he a half shrug back . Joan walk over to a bench and take a seat . ( continued ) 89 continued : Ivan , Frank and Bernard stand there awkwardly . turn to Ivan . bernard you marry ? ivan no . bernard the whole thing 's very complicated . int / ext . bernard 's peugeot - dusk 61 . Bernard 89 Bernard start the car . Frank shotgun , practice he grip . frank Mom 's dating Ivan . Bernard turn the ignition off bernard really ? Ivan , back there , Ivan ? frank yeah . bernard be you sure ? why do not you say something ? why be you mother dating all this jock ? very uninteresting man . prank Ivan be very interesting . bernard Ivan 's not a serious possibility for you mother . frank I think he be . bernard I be tell you he be not , Frank . you will see . he will not last . frank I want he to last . bernard ( throw ) why ? you will get over Ivan . as you get older , you will get more interested in write @# orht of some kind . tennis will get less important . ( continued ) 62 . continued : bernard ( cont 'd ) {clearly upset ) I do not want to bad mouth Ivan . but I do not know what Joan be think . frank I think Ivan be -- bernard Frank ! Frank glance over at he dad . Bernard brushes a tear from he cheek . Frank turn away quickly . the car pull into traffic . 90 omitted 90 91 int . sophie 's parent ' bedroom - night gl they both lie on the king size bed , kissing . Sophie have she hand in he underwear and she move it up and down . walt oww | sophie sorry . be that too hard ? walt yeah , a bit . she readjust she technique . sophie be that better ? walt yeah ... that 's gooo -- Sophie be take aback as Walt twitches and come . sophie oh . walt ( try to act cool ) I guess ... i... I do not know what ... why that happen . sophie it 's okay . I mean , it 's ...okay . she get up and go into the bathroom . Walt lie there , for a moment , feel expose , yank up he pants . Sophie return with a towel , she scrub the wet spot on the comforter . walt sorry . ( continued ) * continued ; 63 . sophie do not be sorry . walt I do not know why I do not last longer , I usually go for much longer . sophie it 's okay . I guess I can take it as a compliment . walt do you take you shirt off for Nelson Barton ? sophie ( silence ) it do not want to talk about it , Walt . walt please , it 's important . sophie why be it important ? walt Cause I need to know what happen . sophie well ... he feel I up and I touch he . walt down he pants ? sophie Walt ... yeah . walt to just ... from what I can tell . not a intellectual . sophie ( pause ) I be a virgin . walt ( pause ) so aml . 92 int . bernard's dine room - same 32 Bernard and lili eat veal cutlet . lili when be you next book come cut ? ( continued ) 93 94 continued : the phone int . sophi Walt sit 64 . bernard soon , I hope . soon. lili who 's publishing it ? bernard well , I be look for a new agent first . lili br friend of mine 's a agent with binky urban . i£ you like , I ’1ll show it to he . bernard ( brighten ) that no be great . ring . Bernard get up to answer it e‘s parent 's bedroom - intercut 93 on the edge of the bed , nervous about this conversation . Sophie be still scrubbing the comforter . lili slide by Bernard with the plate . walt would ... would it be okay ... could I stay the night at Sophie 's ? bernard thanks for do that . * {to Walt ) okay , I all see you tomorrow . er , Tuesday , I 'il see you Tuesday . walt nsurprise ) you do not need I home for - anything ? bernard * no , everything 's fine . int . bernard's kitchen - night 94 Bernard watch lili do the dish . bernard t£ you be interested , Walt and I be take a road trip to suny binghampton in a couple of weekend . I be give a read and a ex~student of mine , now friend , jeb gelber , be fete-ing I with a dinner . {continued } 95 96 97 65 . continued : lili excellent . you should read the cathedral scene from under Water . bernard I have do that one a lot . I think I would do something new ... but okay , maybe ... they meet eye for a moment . and then they lip come together . lili withdraw and wipe she nose . she laugh , slightly embarrassed . lili sorry , my nose be run . she move back in , Bernard pause . bernard I be you teacher . lili I have wonder for a long time what it have be like to fuck you . int . sophie 's parent 's bedroom - night 95 Walt 's face , anxious , look up at the ceiling almost as if he 's reacting to lili 's previous remark . they lie on the bed . walt umm ... I think we should wait . Sophie roll over on top of Walt . sophie really ? walt yeah , let 's wait . Sophie roll back over . silence . int . junior highschool bathroom - day 96 in a stall , Frank rub up against the door . as he finish , he reach into he underpant and take some semen in he hand . int . junior highschool hallway - day 97 Frank walk down the empty hallway . he come up toa locker decorate by a girl . a sign read , '' erica 's locker keep out '' . Frank very slowly kiss the metal door . then smear he semen on the locker . we dissolve to : 38 99 66 . int . highschool auditorium - dusk 98 pack with student , parent and teacher . Mr. simic be the mc . five teachers sit at a table with a sign that read '' judge '' on it . they be all in they 60 's and 70' . tony , whom we meet earlier , finish a elaborate puppet show with big paper mache animal . applause . he bow and walk off . mr , simic oread } okay , up next , Walt berkman who be go to play we a song ! applause . lance , otto and Jeffrey goof around in they seat . Bernard and lili sit together . a few row back , Joan , Frank and Ivan smile with anticipation . Bernard look back and watch Joan and Ivan for a beat . Sophie sit with she friend , she clasp she hand nervously . walt thank you . I be go to plead - guitar ... ( correct himself } .. play lead guitar and do vocal on a song ... I write . his hand be shaking a bit . he start to play and relax and sing '' hey you '' . Frank 's smile drop as he realize what song Walt 's do . the crowd , both adult and kid , have a mix reaction , some recognize the song , other enjoy it as a original . Bernard lock proud , lili with a sly smile . Ivan furrow he brow , know the song . Joan clearly do not . Sophie beam . time CUT 399 a crowd be around Walt who hold a first place check and certificate . Bernard hug he , otte and Jeffrey slap he on the back , lance can be hear say to another student : '' he could have write it '' . Sophie give Walt a shy kiss on the cheek . sophie that song be so good ! walt oh , dad , you remember Sophie . bernard uh huh , Sophie shake Bernard 's hand . Walt turn to lili blush . walt and ... lili . ( continued ) 100 67 . continued : Sophie shake lili 's hand as well . lili raise a eyebrow to Walt regard Sophie . Walt take a step away , distance himself from Sophie for lili 's benefit . lili how much do you win ? walt hundre buck . lili come by my room tonight before you go to bed , I want to show you something . walt ( intrigue ) okay . Joan , Frank and Ivan approach . walt ( cont 'd ) and this be my Mom and Frank and Ivan . Sophie shake they hand . Ivan look at Walt , a know smile . ivan some song , brother . walt thanks . Bernard give Ivan a look . Ivan smile , politely . ivan hi , Bernard . Bernard grunt and turn away . Walt 's attention turn to kate roache a few foot away , who eye he back . Sophie 's smile fade as she watch this . ext . midwood highschool - night 100 they all spill out into the street . Joan approach Walt , apprehensively . Ivan horse around with Frank . joan I think we no all have dinner . Ivan suggest gage and tollner . we could celebrate my book and you song . walt Nah , I be gonna go with dad . joan well , you dad and I talk about all of we go . ( continued ) 1021 68 . continued : walt I do not want to do that . see ya . joan Ivan and I come to see you show , do not treat we that way . walt ( sarcastic ) oh , thanks for come to see my show . how nice of you . Joan grab both of Walt 's arm and pull he toward she . joan you think you hate I , but I know you do not . Walt yank free and start to walk away . over he shoulder , he flip she the finger . Joan grab he arm , whip he around and slap he across the face . Frank be startle , but sneak out a smile . other student and parent watch this . Walt look at she stunne and humiliate . after a beat , he turn and walk away toward Bernard and lili , pass a kid who say to another kid : '' that 's a floyd song '' . int . restaurant - night 101 Bernard , Walt , Sophie and lili look at they menus . sophie where do you come up with some of that lyric ? bernard they be very dreamlike . remind I of my second novel , end of the line . there 's a rock star character in that . lili I love that novel . walt * a classic . the scene with the baby * in the middle be base on I as a * baby . * bernard * that 's right . it 's mailer 's favorite * of my book . * lili * and I love you wife 's piece in the * * New Yorker . ( continued ) 69 . continued : bernard really ? in the New Yorker ? ( to Walt ) do you know about that ? walt I guess I do . bernard how would that happen ? lili it 's a excerpt . walt she 's get a novel publish . bernard really ? Bernard 's face start to drain of color . sophie Walt show it to I . it be kind of sad , but really good . silence at the table . Bernard turn to he menu . bernard the portion be very big here , you only need a half order . walt okay . Walt and lili meet eye . 102 ext . parking lot - night 102 Bernard still look , disturb as he hand he ticket to the attendent . Walt stand with he , lili and Sophie smoke in the background , talk . bernard Jesus , fifteen dollar for parking . walt what do you think I should do about Sophie ? bernard you will make the right decision . I regret sometimes I be not more of a free agent when I be young . there be a woman who approach I at a party at George plimpton 's after my first book . she be very sexy . I could have go home with she . ( continued ) 103 continued : 70 . walt why do not you ? bernard I be with you mother . walt oh , right , of course . you should have probably do it . it do not stop she . they both soak in this remark . bernard well , maybe you should sleep with she once and see if you like it . it do not mean you can not see other woman too . walt ( look over at the girl ) I do not know if Sophie will go for that . bernard well ... after you performance tonight , thing might change for you . walt * do not you think the first girl you sleep with should be perfect ? bernard * you have never make love with one of you girlfriend ? walt no . I have do other thing . I have never really have many girlfriend . this be the first one , really . +e ee ext . brooklyn STREET - night 103 Walt and Sophie walk together . sophie should we go to my house ? I think we could -- walt Jesus , you really want to do it , do not you . sophie ( embarrassed ) I do not know . ( continued ) continued : 721. walt what 's the obsession with sex ? sophie it 's not a obsession . I be not so sure I want to do it either . I be scared too . walt scare be not the issue . it 's just that everything be so serious suddenly . we be not get marry . you be go to Italy anyway for the summer and then to college . I just ... we be young , we should not tie each other down . sophie what be you say ? walt nothing , it 's just I do not want to feel pressure from you . sophie do you like someone else ? you dad 's girlfriend ? walt no ...why ...no ! and she 's not he girlfriend . sophie ( she hold back tear ) my father say you have a weak handshake which be a sign of indecision . walt ( defensive ) his hand be so huge , I can not get a good grip . sophie and my mother say that you do not have a very good model for relationship because of you parent . walt what ? you mother do not know anything . ( throw ) I think it go well . you tell I she say I be hilarious . ( continued ) 104 72 . continued : ( 2 ) she burst into tear . Walt stand there , completely unprepare for she reaction . she just get worse and worse , cry harder and harder . walt ( cont 'd ) stop it . Sophie . stop it . do not be difficult . please . her cry stop . she look at Walt , silence . sophie I be not be difficult . int . lili ’'s room - night 104 Walt sit on the bed next to lili who 's in short , crosslegge . he look depressed . lili you want a beer ? she rise and grab two from a little fridge which be stock with stuff . lili ( cont 'd ) I could not take rely on you dad 's shopping habit anymore . you can have anything you want whenever . walt thanks . lili I be go to read you a draft of my new story . I want you thought < first . then I be gonna show it to you dad . lili light up a cigarette . lili ( cont 'd ) you like pink floyd , huh ? walt what ? Walt tense up , but she smile warmly , indicate it 's okay . lili do not worry , I use to hand in Lou reed lyric in my poetry class and pass they off as my own . although I hope you do not get catch . I always do . ( continued ) 105 73 . continued : she touch he arm . he and she lock eye for a moment . Walt bow he head , he eye on she bare thigh . the crease in she knee . he focus in on this . the silence seem to go on forever . lili ( cont 'd ) do you --? Walt nervously swing he head up , clocking she in the nose . lili ( cont 'd ) oww ! fuck . walt sorry ! her nose be bleed . walt ( cont 'd ) lili , sorry . she get up and look in the mirror . lili shit. s’okay . just a bloody nose . walt I '' sorry . she go into the bathroom . a moment . she come out , she head tilt back , tissue soaking up the blood . lili I think I might take a bath . okay ? walt oh ... .okay . a pause . he realize he 's suppose to go . walt ( cont 'd ) okay ... lili night . he leave the room . int . hallway - continuous 105 Walt shuffles toward he room , he dad come up the stair . stop in he track . walt hey . {continued } 106 74 . continued : bernard hey . Walt continue into he room and shut the door . Bernard go into lili 's room . ext . joan 's house - morning 106 Joan and Ivan pack up Ivan 's car . Frank stand on the stoop . joan when 's Bernard come to get you ? frank in a hour . joan plan on thirty minute . he 's always early to get you . and late to bring you back . frank I wish I could come with you guy . ivan I hear that , brother . joan I know . but dad 's get you on Saturday . ( pause ) do you like he girlfriend ? frank be she he girlfriend ? joan I think so . she life with you . he do not say ? frank no . I think Walt love she . joan so , they like the same woman now too . frank what ? joan nothing . you get we number in Maine . remember to lock up . frank I will . ( continued ) 107 109 110 75 . continued : joan see you next week , Pickle - oo . frank just '' Pickle '' please . joan see you next week just Pickle . they hug . he and Ivan shake hand . ivan good grip , brether . just like Vitas . frank you too , brother . Frank watch , anxiously , as they start the car and drive away . int . joan 's live room - morning 107 Frank wait at the window , look out at the street . check he watch , go to the phone and dial . Machine , frank dad , it 's I . be you there ? he wait and hang up . go to the fridge and take out a beer . ext . upstate new york - morning 108 a crisp spring day . Bernard 's peugeot pass by . int / ext . bernard's peugeot - morning 109 Bernard drive , lili shotgun , Walt in back . spirit be high . ext . binghampton university - day 110 Bernard , Walt and lili be welcome by jeb gelber , who wear a sweater vest and bolo . int . college auditorium - dusk lil Bernard read from under Water at a podium . not a well attend event . lili and Walt sit next to each other . his arm brushes hers on the arm rest . Bernard finish . applause . he grin . gelber come out and shake he hand . gelber {under he breath ) sorry about the turnout , lot of the kid go home early for passover . ( continued ) 112 113 114 76 . continued : bernard ( pleased anyway ) they seem to like it . int . joan' bedroom - night 112 tangerine dream 's El theme from risky Business play on the stereo , Frank , nude , drink whiskey , stand at he * mother 's dresser go through old photo and jewelry . he * find some condom . take one out of its wrapper , look at * it , smell it . and put it on he penis . he walk over to * a mirror and look at himself . the condom slip off he * penis and land on the floor . he retrieve it and try to put it back on . on the bed , we now see , he 's laid out he mother 's underwear and bra and stocking on the comforter . lean in to the mirror , he move he nose around . swig from he whiskey glass . suddenly he do not feel so great . he spit on the floor . wait . he vomit . he run to the bathroom . int . bathroom - continuous 113 he throw up into the toilet . tear stream down he face . he roll over onto the tile . a moment . he sneeze . he look into he hand and find a cashew . CUT to black . int / ext . frank 's school - day 114 Bernard and Joan stare at ms . lemon , Frank 's principal . * bernard this seem quite impossible . Joan , stunne , say as if it 's happen to someone else : joan the poor boy . ms . lemon I mean , masturbate be he own issue . but hector witness the locker incident and then later semen be find in the library ... bernard who 's hector ? Ms. lemon indicate a custodian over to the side , who nod politely . bernard ( cont 'd ) how do you know they be both Frank 's , ( continued ) 115 77 . continued : ms . lemon well , I suppose it 's possible other kid be masturbate and spread they semen around the school as well ... possible , yes , but also somewhat unlikely . bernard oh , it happen I be sure much more than we know . joan Bernard , have you ever do something like this ? Bernard look at Ms. lemon , who nervously look away , then back at Joan . he say indignantly : bernard I be not go to answer that . ms . lemon have anything be go on at home that might have provoke this behavior ? joan well , Bernard leave he behind for three day last week . bernard ( pause ) and , of course , Frank 's mother divorced I earlier this year , which might also have something to do with it . ( suddenly , to Joan ) do you tell Frank I be unattractive ? joan no . he just do not want you bone structure . they all stare at each other uncomfortably . ext . frank 's school - day 115 Ms. lemon hold the front door for Bernard and Joan . ms. lemon Ms. berkman , I read you story in the New Yorker . I think it be quite move . joan oh , thanks . thanks a lot . ( continued ) 116 117 78 . continued : Bernard 's expression be completely blank . Bernard and Joan start down the step to the sidewalk . joan ( cont 'd ) you be live with a twenty year old . bernard it 's none of you business , Joan . she 's older than twenty . joan it 's my business when you have we kid . it 's confusing for they . Frank say Walt 's in love with she . bernard ( hesitates ) Walt have a girlfriend . ( suddenly angry ) fuck off , Joan . I do not ask about you and Ivan . stay out of my life . I can not believe you would talk to I like this . you leave all that fuck ticket stub and letter lie around . you want I to know . it be fuck torture , Joan . Fucking torture . pink floyd 's version of '' hey you " . he walk to he car . he get in , put the key in the ignition , but do not turn it . he sink down slightly in he chair . . int . ivan 's car - day 116 we follow Joan as she get in . Frank sit in the passenger seat , stare at the floor . she look at he . take a deep breath . reaches over and touch he head . int . highschool classroom - dusk 117 Mr. simic be now play the pink floyd song for Bernard and Joan on a tape deck . Bernard read the liner note . they sit at desk across the aisle from each other and listen in silence . simic turn it off . Joan absent mindedly peel skin off she lip . bernard he make he own interpretation . mr . simic well , he 's still go to have to give the prize money back . but obviously it 's a bigger problem . he be not do any of he school work either . ( continued ) 79 . continued : bernard his paper on gatsby be quite brilliant , I think . it 's one of he favorite book . mr . simic that may be , but I do not believe he 's read it . ( pause ) you both should talk to he . Bernard turn to Joan . she 's already look at he . she flick some skin off she finger and say sadly : joan I think Bernard have to do it . int . walt 's room at dad be - evening 118 Bernard stand in the doorway , Walt be on the floor with he guitar in he lap . bernard he want you to see a therapist . walt I do not need that . bernard that 's what I say . do simic know both you parent have Ph.D. 's in literature ? walt I have mention it . bernard T think he 's full of shit . this public school tend to hire well meaning , but ultimately unsophisticate bureaucrat . walt yeah . I do not like he . bernard but you might have to do it . just to please the school . walt I do not need it . bernard I know . and unfortunately probably a guy with a BA in psychology . not a real shrink . 80 . 119 int . school therapist's office - day 119 Walt sit across from the therapist , mr . waddle , 30 's , who be already answer a question of Walt 's . mr . waddle I have a ma in developmental psychology from the Yale child Studies Program . walt do you get a phd ? mr . waddle no , a ma be a master . walt uh huh . right . mr . waddle do you have any thought about why you be here , Walt ? walt not really . mr . waddle nothing ? walt no . waddle wait a moment , consult he note . mr . waddle you say you write the song you play in assembly . . walt uh huh . mr . waddle why ? walt I do not know . mr . waddle do you have a reason ? walt I feel I could have write it . mr . waddle okay . but you do not . it be write by Roger Waters of pink floyd . TI think you know that . ( continued ) continued : silence . a silence 81 . walt yes , but I feel I could have so the fact that it be already write be kind of a technicality . mr . waddle I see. ( pause ) I can imagine this be a little uncomfortable for you to talk about . walt I guess . it 's hard to explain . mr . waddle I wonder how you be feel right now . walt I do not know . mr . waddle I have like to know more about you . why do not you tell I about something less uncomfortable . a nice memory maybe . walt be not that kind of a stock question for a shrink ? mr . waddle yes , that 's more or less how this work . walt I can not think of anything right now . mr. waddle just think . walt come on ... mr . waddle just something . meet I half way here . as Walt think . walt umm ... let 's see ...okay , when I be around six , my Mom and I ... she and I duck out of Julie glynn 's birthday party to watch '' Robin Hood '' together on we tv . ( continued ) 82 . continued : ( 2 ) mr . waddle that sound like a nice memory . walt I like errol Flynn . mr . waddle errol Flynn . that 's all ? walt and I be glad she let I leave the party early to watch the movie . she and I love that movie . it 's like ... we be pal then ... we have do thing together ... we have look at the knight armor at the met , the scary fish at the Natural History Museum . I be always afraid of the squid and whale fight . I can only look at it with my hand in front of my face . when we would get home , after my bath , she have go through all the different thing we see that day in the museum . and then we would get to the squid and whale and she have describe it for I which be still scary , but less scary and it be fun . it be fun to hear about it . mr . waddle do you dad live at home back then ? walt yeah , why ? mr. waddle you do not mention he . where be he during all of this ? walt he be ... I do not know exactly . downstair maybe . he do not ever come to the museum ... this be ... it be before my brother be bear ... before ... it be earlier ... Walt stop for a moment , choke up . he look at waddle with a surprised expression on he face . waddle give he a '' not bad , eh ? '' shrug . 120 int . bernard's house - day 120 Walt open the front door , drop he bookbag on the floor . walt hello ? ( continued ) 121 122 83 . continued : no answer . he go up stair . look in he dad 's room . it 's empty . walk over to he room , throw he jacket on the bed . go over to lili 's room . the door 's ajar . he hear : lili 's voice I be not ... not now , Bernard . I be not feel like it . bernard 's voice why not ? lili 's voice I be just not , okay ? Walt peer in . int . lili 's room - continuous 121 Bernard have he hand up lili 's shirt , knead she breast . bernard put I in you mouth . lili 's eye meet Walt 's over Bernard 's shoulder . lili Walt ...hi. walt hi. Bernard turn around to see he son . Walt just stare . bernard hey , Walt . walt hi. bernard I will be right there , we can ... hang out . Walt leave . lili take Bernard 's hand off she . lili I do not want to do this anymore . lili walk to the other side of the cramped room . Bernard say nothing , look both hurt and angry . he walk past she and down the stair . int . bernard 's peugeot - dusk 122 Bernard pull up to Joan 's house . 84 . 123 ext . joan be house - moment later 123 Bernard ring the bell . Frank open the door . bernard hi. be Walt here ? frank no. bernard oh . I no like you to come to my house . frank be not it Mom 's night ? bernard yeah , but I no like you to come over . frank umm , I have to put on my shoe . come in , I guess . Bernard slowly follow he in . 124 int . joan' live room - continuous 124 Bernard reluctantly enter . Frank sit on the floor and start put on he sneaker . bernard place look different . frank she get some new furniture in Maine . bernard that be my tv . I buy that tv. frank mmm mm . Bernard look at the bookshelf . bernard that 's my Jude the obscure . frank you wanna take it ? bernard Nah . frank she still have some of the book you write . ( cont inued } 8s. continued : Bernard turn to the ceiling high shelf full of book . his eye scan the title . he find the book with he name on the spine . he can not move . his face grow suddenly emotional . frank ( cont 'd ) dad , why be you take I to you house on Mom 's night ? bernard just a minute . he stand there , motionless , soaking in the place . for a brief moment , everything soften . his eye grow watery . he take a deep breath . all the change of the last few month seem to register . Joan enter from the kitchen . joan oh ... bernard hi. Frank let I in . I do not realize you be here . joan I be here . it 's Monday . bernard I have like to take he for just tonight . i‘1l give you two thursdays in a. row or something . frank Mom ... joan it 's my night . he want to stay . Bernard pick up a little toy soldier off a end table . inspect it . joan ( cont 'd ) be careful , that 's a antique . bernard where 's Walt ? joan I do not know where Walt be . Bernard suddenly start up the stair . Joan tense . joan ( cont 'd ) he 's not up there , Bernard . he do not come here . he stop , remain there for a moment . ( continued ) 125 126 127 86 . continued : ( 2 ) joan ( cont 'd ) you should go . you will see they tomorrow . bernard ( to Frank ) tell Walt to call I . he come down the stair and go to the door . ext . hunan palace - dusk 125 Walt look in the window . his gaze go from family to family , share plate , kid try to eat with chopstick . he find Sophie and she parent at a table in the back . he watch for a beat , she suddenly look up and spot he . he awkwardly duck behind a menu that 's paste to the glass . he wait a moment and peer back out . she 's still stare . he stare back too . her parent turn and look at he . a moment . Walt duck back . he wait . he peek back out , but they be not pay attention . he walk away . ext . prospect park - dusk 126 it 's get darker . Walt run along the path . he suddenly dart into the brush , push he way through the '' tree . he emerge to a pond . no one be around . he walk toward it and stop . he stare out over the water . int . bernard 's peugeot / ext . joan be house - dusk 127 Bernard sit in he car which be double park . start it up , change he mind , and put it in park . he see Walt run up the block . Walt , whose head be soaking wet , do not see Bernard watch . Bernard wait for Walt to go inside Joan 's , get out of the car and approach the house . he wade through the front garden and crouch down to the basement window . Inside , Frank , shirtless , sit on he bed with a beer . Bernard tap on the window . Frank look up , startle . int . joan 's live room - dusk 128 Walt walk in , he hair and face wet . Joan enter from the kitchen . her face light up and she go to hug he , but back off just before reach he , afraid of scare he off . joan Chicken , what happen ? walt I dunked my head in that pond in the park . ( continued ) 87 . continued : joan the one near the zoo ? ( he nod ) sweety , that 's filthy . I hope you do not drink any of it . Joan retrieve a towel from the bathroom and hand it to Walt . walt some may have get in my mouth . I try not to swallow . ( pause ) I should not nve break up with Sophie . joan why do you ? walt I think I could do better . joan better how ? Walt give this some think . his answer come as a surprise to he . walt I do not know . joan that 's good you miss she . walt yeah , but I do not see myself as a person who be in this situation . I just do not . you know , I think this could have be a real thing . a real love affair . I do not see myself this way . _ joan well , this be how it be . walt do you ever love dad ? Cause if you do not , why do you ever marry he ? if you be go to leave he , why do you put we all through this . joan it be not plan . when we first meet , he be unlike anyone . in Columbus there be no one like you dad . we be on the Ohio State campus and we would take we sdiw@Ridhe out to the green and picnic together . ( continued ) 88 . continued : ( 2 ) joan ( cont 'd ) he ask I who I prefer : Antonioni or fellini . I say Antonioni which be the right answer , I guess , at the time . walt be it fellini now ? joan I do not know . I think it 's whoever you like better . they make eye contact for a second . joan ( cont 'd ) I have have a affair with a man before you father . he work in the college bookstore . we use to make love in the stock room . it get so that the smell of text book make I think of he . walt Mom , I do not want to hear about you affair , please . joan I be sorry . I think I do not know what I can say to you . walt you have a way of say thing sometimes that be a way I do not want to hear they . Children should not hear this thing from they mom . you should particularly watch it around Frank . joan I know , chicken , it 's something I do . it 's a bad habit . walt do you ... do you remember when we watch '' Robin Hood '' ? a moment , Joan jump . Walt , startle , turn . Frank and Bernard stand in the doorway . frank he knock on my window . joan Bernard , what be you do ? ( continued ) b89 . continued : ( 3 ) bernard Joan , let I ask you something . all that work I do at the end of we marriage , make dinner , clean up , be more attentive . it never be go to make a difference , be it ? you be leave no matter what ... joan you never make a dinner . bernard I make burger the time you have pneumonia . joan only after I insisted ! bernard well , if I have make more dinner would that have make a difference ? joan I be ready to leave a long time ago . I just do not know it then . bernard ( hesitates ) I have be give it some think . I mean , you call my father at the last minute . you say something . whatever you say , he think I could save the marriage . Bernard and Walt quickly meet eye . bernard ( cont 'd ) you feel I be not aggressive enough . i’1ll make more of a effort to do stuff . I have be cooking and do chore at my house . I make veal cutlet which the boy love . Frank look at he father as if to say , '' what be you talk about ? '' bernard ( cont 'd ) why do not we all have dinner and talk more about this . Joan start to laugh . it catch she off guard . it 's clearly out of she control . she try to stop , she suck it in , but it erupt to a hysterical level . the two boy and Bernard watch she as she continue to shake and laugh . nobody say anything . finally it die down . she wipe the tear from she eye . cough . she 's exhaust . ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 4 ) joan I '' sorry ... it 's just ... burger ... once , . Joan lose it again , laugh , but struggle to control herself . Bernard sigh , sadden by this . but as it sink in , he just grow angry . bernard i’1l sue you , Joan . you know I will . you have a affair for four year with that fuck shrink that ruin we marriage and I can get the kid . I talk to Eddie goodman , who work on this case all the time and I have a open and shut case . ( pause ) Frank , Walt , get in the car . a pause . joan Sue I ? that 's so ... I can not ... you only want joint custody cause you pay less child support that way . because it be cheaper for you . Joan stop herself . she pound the top of the tv with she fist , upset she say what she do . Walt look at he dad , '' be this true ? " . Bernard go to the front door and open it . Street noise enter the house . bernard Walt , Frank ! frank I do not want to go . bernard I do not give a shit . Frank , get in the car . Frank do not move . bernard ( cont 'd ) Frank ! Bernard grab Frank 's arm . Frank burst into tear . Walt step between they . walt let he stay . bernard I be just ask this one thing . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 5 ) walt he want to stay . let he . I 'il go . Frank and Walt meet eye . Frank 's nose be run , tear stream down he face . Bernard turn to Walt . bernard Fine . Frank and Walt stare at one another for a extend moment . frank hold on ... Frank kneel down , pick up the cat and hand he to Walt . frank ( cont 'd ) you want he tonight ? walt okay . thanks . frank that 's alright , my brother . Bernard and Walt walk out the front door . 129 ext . joan 's house - dusk 129 just as they step outside , the cat leap out of Walt 's arm and into the street . Joan scream . joan the cat ! it run under a park car . Bernard and Walt go after it , surround the car , Bernard take the street side and Walt the curb . they both kneel down and look under the vehicle . the cat mews from beneath it . Bernard reach under and grab its tail . he and Walt meet eye underneath the car . bernard I get he . Joan , I get he ! I get he ! he turn to Joan and Frank who watch from the stoop . his attention go to a cop next to he double park car , write a ticket . bernard ( cont 'd ) goddammit ! Bernard release the cat who dart down the block and out of sight . ( continued ) . 92 . continued : walt dad ! Bernard rise and start toward the cop . bernard I be move it ! a car screech on the break and swerve just avoid Bernard . the cop look up . the driver yell , furious . driver what 's you problem ? bernard ( under he breath ) fuck off . Ivan walk down the block toward they . he start to pick up the pace . Walt turn to Frank who have wander closer . walt do you see he go ? Frank shake he head , no and burst into more tear . joan Frank , go inside . where be he ? walt I do not know where he go . Bernard reach the cop . his face red , he 's panting . the Driver continue to shout at he . Ivan jog over to the scene . ivan what 's go on ? bernard I have he . Bernard 's breath be audible , deep . he look at the cop . the Driver curse . Ivan next to he . Joan and he kid . he suddenly clutches he arm . and fall . Ivan drop to he side . ivan Bernard ? be you okay , man ? ( pause ) Joan , call a ambulance ! Joan run inside . Frank stare at Bernard . Walt race over and kneel down to he father . Bernard squint at Walt . ( continued ) 130 93 . continued : ( 2 ) bernard Walt , get in the car . ext , brooklyn STREET - night 130 Bernard , awake , on a stretcher , be about to be load onto the back of a ambulance . Joan and Frank wait on the corner . Bernard say something to the paramedics and they stop for a moment as Bernard wave for Joan to come over . she approach and lean down to he . he run he thumb over he lip and look at she . bernard '' degeulasse '' . joan what ? he start to repeat the gesture , but stop self - consciously . bernard it mean , '' bitch '' . do not you remember ? joan you be call I a bitch ? bernard no , do not you remember the last line in godard 's * a Bout de soufle '' . belmondo call seberg a bitch . '' degeulasse '' . we see it at the thalia with the dickstein . I get you in for a child 's price . you be pregnant with Walt . joan ( long pause } like six week . bernard I still get you in for a child 's ticket . you tell I you do not like godard . you think the jump cut -- Bernard be suddenly thrust up in the air on the gurney and roll inside . bernard ( cont 'd ) I have check for the cat behind the ashean under the golodner 's stoop ! joan okay . ( continued ) 131 94 , continued : they meet eye briefly . he give a '' who would have think '' kind of shrug . she nod . Ivan and Walt climb into the back with Bernard and the door be shut . the ambulance pull away . silence . Joan and Frank start walk , surveying the block for the miss cat . Frank be a bit stunne , he face smear from cry . frank do you think we will find he ? joan I hope so . frank do you think one day we could go to the galapagos ? joan I do not know , Pickle . ( pause ) Ivan and I could take you to the country on Saturday to see some real turtles . frank Saturday 's dad 's day . we see they from a distance , alone on a empty street . int . ambulance - night 131 the siren wail . Walt and Ivan sit in silence . Bernard be sedate in the back , a paramedic at he side . walt I do not write it . ivan I know . walt pink floyd do . ivan it 's okay , brother . int . hospital room - morning 132 walt. peer in . his dad lie on a bed , look pale and thin , read a detective novel . Bernard look up , see Walt and smile sheepishly . bernard there 's my son . ( continued ) 95 . continued : walt hey . be you okay ? bernard I be fine . think it be a heartattack , but I think I be just exhaust . Doctor say I be exhaust . walt too many veal cutlet ? bernard ( smile ) maybe . walt be that a good book ? bernard oh ... this be pulp ... it 's not serious ... it 's ... you know it 's hard to read a good book in the hospital . but this be not bad of its kind . Leonard be the filet of the crime genre . Walt be silent . bernard ( cont 'd ) I would like you to stay here for the day . I need the company . walt ( pause ) okay . bernard lili move out . Bernard give a '' what can you do ? '' raise of he eyebrow , Walt nod . bernard ( cont 'd ) do I a favor , go out in the hall and get I another pillow , my neck be hurt . Walt do not move . silence . walt dad , you know how for my birthday you give I nike . bernard what ? ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 2 ) walt how you give I my nike as a birthday gift ? bernard I want to get you something you could use . walt I know , but you know , since Mom get I winter coat and you get I sneaker as part of you divorce ... anyway ... bernard in we separation agreement , it say I be responsible for sneaker up to fifty dollar , that nike be over eighty . walt uh huh , bernard and I do not think you tell I anything else specific that you want . walt I know , I should have think of some thing . bernard you actually get more present now since you get they from both you mother and I . when we be together we give they jointly . walt I know . ( flustered ) and I like the sneaker so it do not really matter . I be not really angry anymore . it 's just ... what bother I be you do not ... you do not try to ... he trail off . a moment as Bernard take this in . bernard I get you the sneaker . walt ( take a deep breath ) maybe we could even thing out a bit and I could stay at Mom 's a few extra day since I have be stay more at yours ... ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) bernard it 's not a good time right now , I be not go to be a hundred percent for awhile . I have like you around . walt I do not think I want to come for a while . bernard it 's not up to you , Walt . you be a minor . you be in my custody . my home be you home too . walt I be not come . bernard why ? Walt be about to say something . he do not . bernard ( cont 'd ) that hurt my feeling . Walt look surprised . bernard ( cont 'd ) do not be difficult . if you like , we can get you some more poster or make you room better , paint it a different color . I get Frank a turtle . ( indicate he blazer on the back of the chair ) look in the pocket of my jacket . Walt walk over to the coat , he feel in the pocket . remove a few little piece of break green clay . bernard ( cont ’d ) the guy say that be the best one . it 's get a blue dot on it or something that make it worth more . Walt hold it out to Bernard . bernard ( cont ’d ) mmm . I guess it do not survive the fall . Walt look at the shard and dust in he hand . bernard ( cont ‘d ) we will not tell Frank . walt no . 97 . he ( continued ) 98 . continued : ( 4 ) tear suddenly stream down Walt 's face . walt ( cont 'd ) he would have like it . bernard I could lend you my first edition of the nake and the Dead . ( pause ) as a present . walt let I get you a pillow . Walt go out the door in the hallway . he pause for a moment , remove a pillow off a gurney and bring it back into the room . Bernard awkwardly lift he head and Walt jam the pillow under he dad 's neck . Bernard try not to look at he son 's cry , he press the nurse button a few time , but do not seem convinced it 's work . he finally look at Walt , move himself . Bernard 's voice crack as he say : bernard you use to be very emotional when you be young . Walt nod . bernard ( cont ’d ) do I look pretty silly out there , fall on the concrete ? walt ( pause ) yeah . Bernard burst into laughter . Walt watch he curiously . walt ( cont 'd ) what be you laugh at ? bernard that be funny how you say , '' yeah '' . good comic timing . walt thanks . Bernard smile at he warmly . he reach out he hand . Walt take it . Bernard squeeze it . . bernard why do not we get some breakfast . see if you can find the nurse out there . Walt start for the door . ( continued ) 133 134 135 136 137 99 , continued : ( 5 ) bernard ( cont 'd ) try to get the blonde , she look like a young monica vitti . Walt nod , turn and go out the door . int . hospital hallway - continuous 133 Walt walk down the hall a bit . & chinese nurse approach . he stopa in front of she . she look at he . silence . she wait for he to say something . walt Excuse I . the man in that room want to order some breakfast nurse okay . Walt watch she disappear into Bernard 's room . pause . he walk in the other direction . we follow he as he pass a blonde italian - look nurse , go by Ivan in the wait room , reach the elevatore , press the button , he go for the stair . int . hospital stairwell - continuous 134 he jog down the stair , clutching the rail . ext . hospital - morning 135 and now he 's outside . Morning rush . a crowded sidewalk . he walk briskly for a bit . turn a corner , keep go . ext . central park west - morning 136 he walk , head down . he look up . the Museum of Natural History , it 's just open for the day . int . museum of natural history - moment later 137 Walt enter the room with the big whale hang from the ceiling . he look at the diorama . find the one with the squid and the whale he mention to the shrink earlier . he approach it a bit warily . it 's dark and scary . he gaze into the black , find the squid and then the whale . we stay on he face as he take this in . very slowly , he lean he head against the glass . and rest . CUT to black