the amityville asylum written by Andrew Jones shoot script 27th JULY 2012 against black screen a title card appear : " the boundary which divide life from death be at best shadowy and vague . who shall say where the one end , and where the other begin ? " - Edgar allan poe title card dissolves . fade in : 1.ext . 112 ocean avenue ­ amityville ­ night we slowly pan through a suburban neighbourhood locate on the south shore of Long Island . the still shroud of night blanket the village of amityville in the early morning hour . title card appear : Thursday , November 14 , 1974 . title card dissolves . stray house pet be the only sign of life as family and neighbour slumber . we reach 112 Ocean Avenue , a large dutch Colonial house . the home be a classic piece of americana , two storey plus a attic , several room , and a boathouse on the amityville River . there be quarter round window on the top floor that give the appearance of eye stare back at we . a signpost in the front yard read " high hope " , a testament to what the home symbolize for the family that live there . CUT to : 2.int . basement ­ 112 ocean avenue ­ continuous we move slowly through the basement , past various crush beer can and a table full of drug paraphernalia , until we reach a bearded man in he early twenty . ronald defeo junior , know to he family and friend as butch . he sit on a rag sofa , doze off in front of a small Television that display white static . there be a digital clock on a small table by the side of the sofa . it read 3:14 be . we hold on the clock and the time change to 3:15 be . we can see defeo 's breath drift from he 3. lip as cold air sweep through the room . his eye snap open . a hood figure , face shroud in darkness , step from the shadow . the figure carry a .35 caliber lever action marlin 336c rifle . hand clad in black leather glove , the mysterious person hold the rifle out in front of butch . a voice emerge from beneath the hood that be so deep as to be inhuman : figure kill they . kill they all . butch stand and take the rifle . the figure retreat back into the shadow . CUT to : 3.int . hallway ­ continuous the house be silent . butch quietly stalk the hallway , the rifle grasp tightly in he hand . CUT to : 4.int . master bedroom ­ continuous butch quietly push the door aside and observe he parent as they sleep . ronald defeo senior , age forty three , be a heavy set italian american man and he wife louise defeo be a slender woman , age forty two , with flow blonde hair . both be lie flat on they stomach . without hesitation , butch raise the rifle to he shoulder and pull the trigger . the blast be deafen . the first shot rip into he father back , tear through he kidney and exite through he chest . butch fire another round , again hit he father in the back . this shot pierce the base of Ronald senior 's spine , and lodge in he neck . Louise defeo 's eye open , but she barely have a few second to react . butch aim the weapon at he mother as she lay prone on the bed , and fire two shot in quick succession . the bullet shatter she rib cage and collapse she right lung . both body now lay silently in fresh pool of they own blood . CUT to : 5.int . hallway ­ continuous 4 butch , in a almost trance like state , walk down the hall and quietly nudge the door to another bedroom . CUT to : 6.int . boy' bedroom ­ continuous butch enter the bedroom that he two brother MARK , age twelve , and JOHN , age nine , share . he walk between they two bed as they lie on they stomach , sleep soundly . stand directly above he two helpless brother , butch fire one shot into each of the boy as they lay sleep . the bullet tear through they young body , ravaging they internal organ , lay waste to the life that lay ahead of they . Mark lay motionless , while John , whose spinal cord have be severe by he brother 's heartless attack , twitches spasmodically for a few moment after the shoot . CUT to : 7.int . hallway ­ continuous stangely , the loud shot have not rouse the remain member of the defeo family , and butch skulk unchallenge to he final destination - the bedroom share by he sister dawn , eighteen year old , and allison , age thirteen . CUT to : 8.int . girl ' bedroom ­ continuous as butch enter the room , allison stir . she look up just as butch lower the rifle to she face and pull the trigger . butch then aim he weapon at Dawn 's head and squeeze the trigger again , literally blow the leave side of she face off . both girl die instantly . the white sheet and wall be splatter with blood and brain matter . butch be unmove and expressionless . he survey the carnage for a moment , then calmly walk out of the room . CUT to : 9.int . hallway ­ continuous 5 . butch walk past a photograph hang on the wall in a red frame . it show all seven member of the defeo family in a group , hugging each other with smile on they face . the sound of child sing the nursery rhyme " Ring around a rosie " in a slow , haunt manner echoe through the house . we push in on the photograph and : fade to black fade in : 10. ext . car ­ amityville ­ day a car drive through the village of amityville on a cold winter 's day . title card appear : amityville , long island - 2013 . title card dissolves . CUT to : 11.int . car ­ continuous a young girl in she mid twenty be drive the car . she be attractive yet she dress very conservatively in a thick sweater and baggy combat trousers . this be lisa templeton . she consult a crumpled piece of paper . direction be scribble on it . CUT to : 12.ext . car ­ continuous the car turn the corner and head down a long driveway surround by tree . the car approach a large impose building which cast a dark shadow over the grounds . outside a sign read high hope hospital . CUT to : 13. int . hallway ­ high hope hospital ­ day 6 Lisa be sit on a bench in a long empty corridor . she have a file in she hand and tap she finger on it nervously . a door open and a middle age man dress in a crisp white shirt and tie step out . he be well groom and he eye be warm and invite . this be doctor elliot mixter . mixter Lisa templeton ? Lisa stand abruptly , drop she file in the process . lisa me! sorry - Lisa scramble to pick up the file and papers fall out of it . lisa shit ! mixter smile . lisa oh God , I be sorry , I do not mean to say that ! mixter it 's quite alright . I be Doctor elliot mixter . come into my office . Lisa manage to retrieve the file and papers from the floor and compose herself . mixter hold the door open and Lisa enter the office . CUT to : 14. int . mixter' office ­ continuous Lisa stand in the office . mixter enter and shut the door . mixter please , take a seat . Lisa sink into a chair next to a large oak desk . mixter walk to the opposite side and sit in a large leather chair face she . lisa I have uh ... bring my resume and some reference . I know I already send a copy with my application but just in case . 7. mixter thank you . mixter take the file from she and open it on he desk . he glance over it . mixter very good . I see you have have lot of experience clean private home . lisa yes , I uh ... I have do a lot of they . mixter well a institution such as this one be a very different proposition . lisa oh yes . yes I know . you will see I have also work clean a school , so I be use to big area . mixter yes I have see that . when I say this be a different proposition I mean in term of the sensitivity require due to the nature of what we do here . lisa oh yes , yes of course . mixter you would mainly be work night shift at a time when patient be on lock down . but many of we patient here have psychological disturbance so there may be situation where you have to clean up thing you may not be use to clean up . if you know what I be say . lisa I know what you mean , yes . mixter would that bother you ? lisa it may be strange at first but I actually have some experience in 8 that area . I would clean my mother when she lose control of she bodily function during she illness . it 's something I get use to very quickly . it become routine . mixter I see . how be you mother now ? lisa well ... she pass away . mixter I be sorry to hear that . so ... it 's important to I that every employee here , whether they be a psychiatrist , a orderly or a cleaner , need to fully understand what we mission statement at this hospital be . lisa okay . mixter High hope be only build two year ago and as a institution we have only be run for just over a year now . so we be still building we reputation . but I be very clear on what I want that reputation to be . I intend to make this institution one of the foremost centre for mental health treatment in the country . if you look into my history you will know that I have a stellar reputation in the field of psychiatry and I want to use that to help other . that be why I have put my own money into the creation of this institution . we be only just start out but we have a long term ambition to be consider the best . so what I require be that every person who work at this institution , in any capacity , must be professional and sensitive to the need of the patient . unlike other institution , the welfare and care of we patient come first here . 9 . lisa I really admire that and I promise I would not let you down if I be give this job . mixter I be sure you would not . Lisa 's face quickly contort . mixter look puzzle . suddenly Lisa sneeze . it shoot out so rapidly she have no time to cover she mouth and nose . she sneeze all over mixter . Lisa look horrify . lisa oh my God , I be so sorry !! Lisa rush to mixter 's side and grab a tissue from a kleenex box on he desk . she frantically wipe the saliva and snot from he face . mixter it 's quite alright , please sit down , I can take care of it . Lisa , completely mortify , sit back down . a unimpress mixter wipe the spittle off he face with a tissue . when he 's do he stare at Lisa . mixter okay ... well thanks for come in . I will let you know . lisa look I be so sorry , I really be ! mixter it 's fine . we will be in touch . such be she embarrassment , Lisa can not get out of the office fast enough . dissolve to : 15 . int . bedroom ­ lisa' home - long island ­ night Lisa be lie on she bed watch tv , flick endlessly through the channel . the phone on the bedside table ring . Lisa pick up the receiver . lisa hello ? 10 nancy ( o.s ) hey hun ! lisa hey Nancy . nancy ( o.s ) how do it go today ? lisa it be a total fuck disaster ! nancy ( o.s ) oh I be sure you be just be silly hun ! whenever I have go for a interview I always come out think it 's go really badly . but I bet it go better than you think . lisa I sneeze on the head of the institution . nancy ( o.s ) you what ?? lisa I sneeze on he ! it be one of that sneeze that just sneak up on you , I do not have time to cover my face . before you know it he 's cover in my snot ! nancy ( o.s ) oh God I be sorry hun . Long silence on the line . lisa go on , go ahead . you know you want to ! nancy ( o.s ) [ hysterial laughter ] lisa laugh it up , it 's gonna be you last chance because I be not go for any more job interview ! I be do , I be always so damn nervous and I just do not make a good first impression . 11 . nancy ( o.s ) you should take my advice and show a little cleavage at this interview ! trust I , you would get the job then ! lisa that 's just not I nance . I would not know where to start with flirt or any of that . Christ , if I wear high heel to one of this interview I would probably trip over ! I be a clumsy dork ! nancy ( o.s ) so what be you think of do ? lisa I dunno . thanks for not dispute that dork remark by the way . nancy ( o.s ) [ laugh ] sorry , hun ! lisa I guess I will have to sign on welfare to make the rent . Long term , maybe I should go back to school . get better qualified for something . nancy ( o.s ) how come you do not do something with you write ? you could try and get something publish . or write a book or something ? lisa I dunno , I just ... it 's like I just have not be able to bring myself to write since ... you know ... nancy ( o.s ) I know . it 's a cliché , but time really be a healer . I be sure the passion you have for it will come back . lisa maybe . nancy ( o.s ) you wanna talk about it ? 12 lisa not really . I just think I be gonna get myself a nice big tub of ice cream from the freezer and watch some tv . nancy ( o.s ) Comfort eat ! lisa [ smile ] I know but if there 's ever a good time for ice cream it 's today ! nancy ( o.s ) can not argue with that ! give I a call tomorrow , let 's go for coffee soon yeah ? lisa sure . night . CUT to : 16.int . kitchen ­ lisa' home ­ later Lisa be rummage in she freezer for some ice cream . she pull out a tub and toss it on the counter . she open the cutlery drawer and grab a spoon . the phone ring . CUT to : 17. int . live room ­ continuous Lisa walk over to the phone and pick up the receiver . lisa hello ? mixter ( o.s ) Lisa this be Doctor mixter at High hope Hospital . lisa really ? oh , I uh ... hi! mixter ( o.s ) hello ! I be just call you to say it be great to meet you today and I would like to offer you the job . 13 . Lisa be stunne into silence . mixter ( o.s ) be you there ? lisa um ... be this a joke or something ? mixter ( o.s ) no joke , I would like to offer you the job . lisa seriously ? mixter ( o.s ) absolutely . lisa oh my God I ... I can not believe it . mixter ( o.s ) I be pleased to welcome you to High hope Hospital . if you can be here at 9 be tomorrow for a induction please and we will go from there . lisa oh God , thank you so much ! I really appreciate this , I will not let you down ! mixter ( o.s ) I know you will not . we will see you tomorrow ! lisa okay , see you tomorrow ! Lisa put the phone down with a smile . CUT to : 18. int . reception area ­ high hope hospital - day Lisa enter the hospital . a man in he thirty dress in a boiler suit be stand on a step ladder . he be attempt to change a light bulb in the hallway but seem to be make hard work of it . the bulb drop from he hand and smashes to the ground . Lisa look up at he . 14 man gswno ! Lisa avert she eye but the man be now aware of she presence . he have a Polish accent but he English be very articulate . man can I help you ? lisa yeah , I be here for a induction into the clean job . man you must be Lisa ? lisa yes , that 's right . man Doctor mixter say you would be come . I be delaney , we will be work together . lisa oh great . delaney climb off the step ladder and shake Lisa 's hand . delaney we work night so today we will just show you around , okay ? lisa okay , thank you . delaney I will clean this up and we will get to it . CUT to : 19 . int . storage cupboard ­ later delaney open the cupboard door and for a moment he and Lisa be silhouett in the doorway . delaney pull a string hang near the door and a light come on . the cupboard be pack with various clean product . delaney this be the storage cupboard . everything you will need for each 15 . task be here , each shelf be label . lisa okay . delaney the most obvious task be hoover . this be we hoover here , it 's straight forward . you will be surprised that although it 's powerful it 's very quiet , because we be work when everyone 's in bed so obviously we do not want to wake they up ! it have a telescopic suction tube and six stage filter system . so a lot more powerful than you may be use to . lisa okay . delaney the mop and bucket be here , we usually use standard bleach to mix with the water so that 's straight forward . but there be this specialist stain remover that you must use if there be any stain on the floor or carpet . it need to be spray and leave to set for twenty minute before scrubbing or mop . it 's a special formula for tea , coffee , water mark and other yellow and brown discolouration on the carpet or floor . it 's pretty strong so wash you hand after you use it ! lisa okay delaney one of the worst part of the job be we have to remove chew gum from lot of surface . they do not just stick it underneath the table , it end up everywhere ! lisa Gross ! 16 delaney yes ! I think a lot of the time it 's the staff do it , not the patient ! but we have this gumcart , which be a bit complicated but it 's easier than just scraping the gum . the steam be super heat to one hundred eighty degree and deliver at seven point zero bar pressure . it can produce a hundred and fifteen litre of superheate steam per minute . lisa be it okay if I watch you use it a few time first so I know exactly what I be do ? I do not want to end up burn myself or any furniture ! delaney smile . delaney no problem . now here we come to the most dangerous chemical we have . this be a concrete cleaner , very toxic stuff , so you have to wear the face mask and glove we have here , okay ? lisa okay . delaney this be for clean and descale brick , stone and concrete and for metal de-rust . for concrete you must mix it one part to four part water . brush or spray it on with the equipment here then leave it five to ten minute to set , then rinse it off . but for that stubborn son-of - a-bitch mark use it neat ! lisa okay . delaney do not worry if anything seem complicated , you will get use to it . but you will mostly be mop and hoover in you first few week . 17 . lisa yeah that 's fine . CUT to : 20 . int . ward B ­ later Lisa follow delaney into the communal area of Ward B . the wall be white and clinical . various patient be scattered across the room , each with a look of resignation in they eye . many stare blankly out of the window . delaney this be Ward B , one of two ward you will be responsible for clean each evening . essentially the main duty will be empty the bin , hoover the carpete area and mop the hallway . the patient in here be category B . they be mainly people who have have nervous breakdown and that who be catatonic . they be harmless . like missus hardesty here . delaney and Lisa walk over to a old woman who be sit still in the chair . her eye be open yet she appear lifeless . delaney hello missus hardesty . no response or acknowledgement of other people 's presence . delaney she have not speak a word in all she time here . the orderly just lift she from the bedroom to the day room and back again every day . lisa why do you just talk to she ? delaney we have still get to treat they like human being . otherwise they just become like furniture and we all lose we humanity . I like to think she can hear I , even if she will not talk to I . see you later missus hardesty . 18 missus hardesty continue to stare into nothingness . delaney and Lisa exit . CUT to : 21.int . hallway ­ continuous delaney and Lisa stroll down the long corridor . delaney the patient be lock in they room on we night shift , but now and again they might have a accident we gotta clean up . lisa okay . delaney in the day time there be nurse who often clean up but in the night we may be call to provide fresh linen or mop up . not the most pleasant of job but it happen from time to time . lisa yeah I understand . delaney and Lisa arrive at a doorway . delaney now here we come to the most difficult part of the job . lisa Cleaning crap up be not the most difficult part ?! delaney smile . delaney oh no , that 's very easy compare to what 's behind this door . lisa what 's behind it ? delaney this lead down to Ward x. 19 . lisa sound ominous . delaney you could say that . it 's where category a patient be hold . the criminally insane . lisa really ? Doctor mixter do not mention that . delaney yes , well , this patient be beyond help so they have become athe hospital 's secret . many of they be transfer from prison and other institution . Doctor mixter probably think he could help they . he can not . the staff call this place blood row . delaney open the door . CUT to : 22.int . staircase ­ continuous Lisa follow delaney down a wind staircase . as they descend down the step , the light fade . CUT to : 23. int . ward X ­ continuous delaney and Lisa enter a long dark corridor with a row of thick metal door either side . two light bulb hang from the ceiling at each end of the corridor , provide only minimal illumination . Lisa 's nose twitches . lisa what 's that smell ? delaney it always hang in the air . no matter how much we bleach the floor there be always that smell of death . 20 Lisa look concerned . lisa this patient be dangerous ? delaney yes . but do not worry , we never have to interact directly or anything like that . you will just be mop the corridor and dusting . delaney walk over to the first door on the right . there be a hatch on the door . delaney slowly slide it open and beckon Lisa over . she peer inside . the cell be very basic , white wall with the only furniture be a uncomfortable look bed and a toilet without a seat . there be thick iron bar on one small window . a skinny man in he thirty sit on a basic bed in a white vest , rock back and forth . he have wild hair and a scraggly beard . delaney that 's Jerry kimble . he be convict of stabbing a young mother forty - nine time in front of she two year - old son , then kill and sexually assault a woman before smother she four- year - old daughter . they call he the Green chain rapist . he be in sing sing but be certified insane and he lawyer get he transfer here . he do not make any noise or fuss , but he be a dangerous man . especially towards woman . this next inmate be even worse . delaney slide the hatch shut and walk over to the next door . he slowly slide open the hatch and Lisa peer inside . another basic white cell with only a bed and toilet . a man stand in the centre of the room with he hand behind he back . his hair be slicked back , as jet black as the eye that stare at Lisa . he smile . delaney slide the hatch shut . delaney that 's Dennis palmer . also know as the Long Island cannibal . he be abuse as a child so he target be always paedophile and rapist . he would track they down and torture they . he would eat part of they body while they be still alive . 21 . lisa that 's horrible . delaney the most horrible thing be that a lot of the public think he be a hero . delaney walk over to a door on the opposite side of the hallway . he slide open the hatch . delaney sadie krenwinkel . Lisa look inside . Inside the basic cell a woman sit cross legge on she bed . she have long flow black hair , intense eye and a pentagram carve into she forehead . she look up and smile at Lisa . delaney slide the hatch shut . lisa what 's she deal ? delaney she be a member of a witchcraft cult . they kidnap six people for a demonic ritual . five be kill but one get away and lead police to the cult . she turn she trial into a circus , talk about lot of crazy stuff . the media enjoy it but she get certified insane by the court . she 's be around a few institution since . now she 's here . lisa some strange storey here . delaney well that be not the strangest . lisa really ? delaney this last patient be the strangest case . delaney walk over to the last door on the leave . he slide open the hatch . a singular shaft of light come from a tiny bar window barely penetrate the darkness of the cell . Lisa peer inside to see a man sit in the shadow . delaney this be we resident John doe . sometimes we have people with 22 amnesia . often we find out who they be . not so with this man . lisa why be he down here ? delaney they first bring he in about six month ago . no one know where he come from , he literally just turn up late one night . a orderly find he wander the grounds . first of all he be like missus hardesty upstairs - catatonic . then a few week later he start to respond to Doctor mixter and the nurse through facial expression and gesture . but soon , he get violent . very violent . he would have burst of rage and beat other patient . one day he appear to have a seizure and collapse . a young doctor try to take he vital sign . patient X here throttle he so hard he crush he larynx . it take six orderly to restrain he . now they will not even let he out for the obligatory hour a day exercise . we still do not know who he be . lisa oh god. delaney stare at Lisa . delaney God have nothing to do with this man . delaney slam the hatch shut . Lisa look disturb . delaney I have not put you off have I ? lisa I guess not ... it 's just a lot to take in . I have obviously never be around stuff like this before . delaney this be the reality of this place . we do not deal with this people directly but we may have to clean up they mess . if you can not handle 23 . that then I understand . you know that it 's not too late to back out ? Lisa consider for a moment . lisa I be not a quitter . CUT to : 24 . ext . high hope hospital ­ night the hospital be bath in moonlight . CUT to : 25 . int . ward B ­ continuous Lisa hoover the carpet in the empty communal room . she then empty the bin . a clock on the wall tick towards 3:15 be . CUT to : 26 . int . hallway ­ a little later Lisa be mop . as she reach the end of the hallway a young girl walk around the corner carry a teddy bear . Lisa be startled . lisa ooh , you make I jump ! should you be out of bed this late ? girl I do not know . the girl have flow blonde hair and a angelic face , yet there be a haunt sadness in she eye . lisa I do not think you should be . girl do you want to play with I ? lisa I would love to sweetheart , but it 's very late now . I think you better go back to bed . 24 girl okay . the girl walk away . CUT to : 27. int . storage cupboard ­ night Lisa be return the mop and bucket to the storage cupboard . she knock a bottle off the shelf and lean over to pick it up . Pov shot : someone be approach Lisa , edging closer and closer . a hand stretch out and touch she shoulder . Lisa jump and smack she head on the underside of the bottom shelf . lisa fuck !! Lisa turn around to see delaney stand there . delaney sorry , I do not mean to startle you . lisa it 's okay . Lisa rub she head . delaney be you okay ? lisa yeah , just hurt that 's all ! delaney sorry . lisa I will live . delaney do you want to grab a coffee ? lisa sure . 25 . CUT to : 28.int . hallway ­ later delaney and Lisa be sit on a bench in the hallway sip coffee from plastic cup . delaney do you change the bin in the Day room ? lisa yeah . delaney good . I have get a light bulb to change in room twelve upstairs soon . we be make good time . lisa cool . it 's funny , I never think I would get this job . the interview do not go well ! delaney Doctor mixter tell I you be the only person he interview for the job . lisa really ? delaney yeah . I be sure he feel you be right for the job and do not need to interview anyone else . lisa cool . Lisa look down at a distinctive tattoo on delaney 's wrist . lisa Nice tattoo . delaney pull he sleeve down to cover it up . delaney oh yeah . I forget I have it sometimes . 26 lisa what do it mean ? delaney well ... it represent a lot of wrong turn in my young year . lisa like what ? delaney do not answer and take a long sip of coffee . lisa sorry , I do not mean to pry . delaney it 's okay . let 's just say the past be better leave there . lisa Fair enough . delaney so how be the first night go for you ? lisa not bad . I run into a young girl in the hallway earlier . sweet little girl , she be only about twelve or thirteen . I tell she to go back to bed . I guess they do not lock the kid in at night huh ? delaney appear confuse . delaney you sure it be a young girl of that age ? lisa yeah definitely . she be carry a teddy bear . she be about thirteen at the most . delaney umm ... okay . lisa what ? delaney well ... there be no child of that age here . 27 . now it 's Lisa who be confuse . lisa what ? delaney in fact , there be no child of any age in this place . I think we youngest patient be about twenty . lisa you be kid right ? delaney no , I be serious . lisa then who be that girl in the hallway ? delaney contemplate for a moment . delaney you sure you see a girl that young ? lisa I be positive . delaney I better tell the orderly . this be no place for a little girl to be . CUT to : 29 . int . ward B ­ later Lisa be polish a table . delaney walk in with hardcastle , a well build man with a skinhead and visible tattoo on he arm . lisa do you find she ? delaney no . hardcastle so you be the one who see the little girl huh ? 28 lisa yes . hardcastle you sure you see a little girl ? lisa of course . hardcastle well I have have to pull staff off other ward to search this goddamn place top to bottom . we find nothing . lisa that 's strange . hardcastle a big fuck inconvenience be what it be ! do I a favour , the next time you think you see something be absolutely sure before you go run to jumpsuit here ! I be not get time to be run around this place look for shit that be not there ! you understand ?? lisa yes . hardcastle exit . Lisa look embarrassed . lisa sorry . delaney do not worry about it . better safe than sorry . dissolve to : 30. int . staircase ­ high hope hospital - next night Lisa walk tentatively down the staircase carry a mop and bucket . a clock on the wall read 3:15 be . CUT to : 29 . 31 . int . ward X ­ continuous Lisa walk into Ward X . she look down the dimly light hallway and pause for a moment . overcome she nerve , she place the bucket on the floor and start mop . as she edge through the hallway Lisa notice a light flicker from underneath one of the cell door . she walk over and slowly reach for the hatch . slide it open Lisa peer inside . in the centre of the floor she see a needle , a piece of paper and a piece of red wool surround by six light candle . she look around and nobody seem to be in the cell . suddenly sadie jump up right in front of the hatch ! Lisa fall backwards , let out a involuntary scream ! she stumble to she foot as sadie laugh . Lisa slam the hatch shut and rush towards the exit . CUT to : 32 . int . storage cupboard ­ night delaney be sifting through a tool box . Lisa stand in the doorway . delaney hey , can you do I a favour ? lisa what ? delaney can you empty the rubbish in Doctor mixter 's office ? I have get to check the boiler , there 's be complaint about the heating not work . lisa no problem . Lisa grab a roll of bin bag from the shelf . CUT to : 33. ext . mixter' office - night Lisa knock on the door . 30 lisa Doctor mixter ? hello ? she knock again . no answer . Lisa tentatively turn the handle . the door slowly creak open . the office be empty . Lisa walk in . CUT to : 34 . int . mixter' office ­ continuous she look around for the bin , finally locating it by the side of the desk . Lisa pull the full bag out and tie it up before replace it with a new bag . with she task complete , Lisa 's curiosity get the better of she . she look around the office . there be a shelf full of psychology book and a filing cabinet . Lisa touch the top drawer of the filing cabinet and it open . Lisa look at all of the name on the file and find one mark ' patient X ' . she reach for it and suddenly a hand grab she shoulder ! a startle Lisa turn around . a orderly in he thirty be stand in front of she . he be thin but muscular , with slicked back hair . this be pemberton . pemberton what the hell be you do in here ? lisa uh ... I be just empty the garbage . pemberton funny , I do not remember Doctor mixter keep the garbage in the filing cabinet . lisa look I ... it be just open and I ... I dunno . pemberton well , y'know I be gonna have to report this . lisa oh please do not , I do not see anything I just open it . pemberton smile . 31 . pemberton well new girl , it 's hospital policy to report this kind of thing . lisa but I have only just get this job and I really need it . pemberton look she up and down . pemberton perhaps we can come to some arrangement . lisa what do you mean ? pemberton well , I would be do you a big favour if I keep this to myself . so perhaps you can do I a favour . lisa what kind of favour ? pemberton a blow job . Lisa 's face contort with disgust . lisa you be disgusting ! Lisa try to leave the room but pemberton stand in she way . pemberton oh come on , I bet you would love it . lisa look , you better get out of my way or I be go to report you for sexual harassment . pemberton you have be work here for five minute . you really think Doctor mixter be gonna believe a fuck cleaner over a medical professional ? delaney pemberton ! 32 pemberton spin around . delaney be stand in the door way . delaney leave she alone . pemberton laugh . pemberton she be not no prisoner here ! I be just talk , what 's the problem ? delaney no problem . Lisa , come with I , we have get a job up on Ward B. a grateful Lisa brushes past pemberton and exit the room . delaney glare at pemberton for a moment before leave the room . pemberton smirk . CUT to : 35 . int . hallway ­ continuous delaney catch up with Lisa , who be a little emotional . delaney you okay ? lisa I be fine . it be just a little bit intimidating , y'know ? delaney pemberton can be like that . he work night with that other son - of - a-bitch hardcastle . they like to throw they weight around . you will get use to it . lisa people like that should not be in charge of patient . delaney let 's get a coffee . lisa you sure love you break time ! delaney laugh . 33 . delaney I like to pace myself ! Lisa smile . CUT to : 36 . time lapse : passage from night to day and back again . CUT to : 37 . int . ward B ­ high hope hospital ­ night Lisa be stand on a step ladder dusting in the hallway . she step down and walk past a clock on the wall . the time hit 3:15 be . Lisa walk into the day room and be startled to see Mrs hardesty sit in a chair . lisa missus hardesty , you scared I ! what be you do up at this time ? no response from the catatonic pensioner . lisa sorry , I forget you do not talk . I will just go and get a orderly . Lisa head for the exit . missus hardesty 's head turn to look at she and she mouth open . a unnaturally deep voice emerge : mrs hardesty you be go to die in here . Lisa stop in she track . she slowly turn to face Mrs hardesty , who stare blankly into space . lisa what do you say ? Lisa stare at she but there be no response . lisa I will ... I will go get a orderly . 34 CUT to : 38 . int . hallway ­ continuous Lisa walk down the hallway . at the other end of the corridor hardcastle and pemberton be lean against the wall have a conversation . Lisa approach they . lisa hi. pemberton well look who it be , miss sexual harassment . lisa bite I . hardcastle laugh . pemberton what be you laugh at ? hardcastle this one 's get a big mouth ! first order a search of the hospital for a little girl , now she 's busting you ball ! lisa look , I do not want any trouble . I just come to tell you there 's a patient whose out of they room in Ward B. hardcastle you will not get no trouble from I , I be a professional . unlike this useless bag of bone . pemberton fuck you ! hardcastle walk down the hallway with Lisa . he look back at pemberton with a shit eat grin . hardcastle catch you later sweetie . pemberton raise he middle finger . 35 . CUT to : 39 . int . ward B ­ continous Lisa and hardcastle walk into the day room . the room be empty . hardcastle where be this patient huh ? lisa she be right there , in that chair . hardcastle who ? lisa missus hardesty . hardcastle missus hardesty ? lisa yeah . she even speak to I ! hardcastle burst out laugh . hardcastle missus hardesty be here and she speak to you ? lisa yes ! hardcastle just a second ... hardcastle step out into the hallway . a few moment later hardcastle re-enter the day room with pemberton . hardcastle the new girl here say that missus hardesty be just sit in that chair . say she even speak to she . pemberton chuckle . lisa look I know she 's suppose to be catatonic but I swear she say something to I ! 36 pemberton that 's not the strange thing , sweetheart . lisa what do you mean ? pemberton missus hardesty die this morning . the blood drain from Lisa 's face . lisa but I could have swear ... hardcastle listen newbie , how about you just get on with the clean and stay off the crack pipe . okay , honey bunny ? pemberton and hardcastle both laugh and leave the room . dissolve to : 40 . int . hallway ­ high hope hospital ­ night Lisa be sweeping in the hallway . she look up and just catch a glimpse of someone turn the corner up ahead . lisa hello ? Lisa look around . the hallway be empty . she walk forward and turn the corner just in time to see the young girl , carry a teddy bear , push open the door . she enter the staircase that lead down to Ward x. lisa Little girl , wait ! Lisa drop she brush and rush forward . she throw open the door . CUT to : 41. int . staircase ­ continuous Lisa look down and see the young girl at the bottom of the staircase , head for the entrance to Ward X . 37 . lisa do not go in there ! Lisa rush down the stair after she . CUT to : 42. int . ward X ­ continuous Lisa push open the door to Ward X . she peer down the dark hallway . the girl be nowhere to be see . lisa Little girl ? Lisa slowly walk down the hallway , pass the cell door . she can hear whisper . Lisa be draw to the last door on the leave . she approach with caution . stood in front of the door she slowly slide the hatch open and peer inside . John doe sit in the corner , cloak in shadow . Lisa peer down and in the centre of the floor , illuminate by a single shaft of light from the small window , be a teddy bear . Lisa slide the hatch shut and walk backwards . she be seriously unnerve . as she step back from the door she hear a whisper from kimble 's cell . she edge closer to he cell door and listen . kimble ( o.s ) palmer ... hey palmer ... palmer can be hear from the next cell . his voice be calm , in stark comparison to kimble 's which sound extremely agitate . palmer ( o.s ) yes ? kimble ( o.s ) my cock be so hard palmer . it 's so hard that I can not contain it any more . I be go to break through this wall and do bad thing to you . very , very bad . palmer ( o.s ) I must advise you mister kimble - threat will not be well receive . kimble ( o.s ) I be touch myself palmer . you wanna watch ? you fuck faggot ! 38 palmer ( o.s ) stay out of my psyche mister kimble and I will stay out of yours . kimble start to chuckle . then he stop suddenly . Lisa lean closer to the cell door and she hear kimble sniff . thud ! Lisa jump back as kimble kick the cell door . kimble ( o.s ) I know you be out there girlie . I can smell you pussy . how about you join I in here . come on ! kimble bang the door continuously . the racket echoe through the corridor . sadie soon join in , she and kimble laugh maniacally as they thump on the door . a horrify Lisa rush towards the exit . dissolve to : 43. int . bedroom - lisa' home ­ day a exhaust Lisa change out of she work clothes and into a large t-shirt . the morning sun burst through the window , fill the room with a orange hue . Lisa shut the curtain and slide under the duvet cover into the welcome sanctuary of she bed . Lisa drift to sleep . dissolve to : 44 . int . bedroom ­ lisa' home ­ evening Lisa be sleep fast as night fall outside . all we can hear be the rhythm of she breathe and the gentle tick of the clock by she bedside table . suddenly she eye snap open . we pull back and see that Lisa be now stand in front of large wooden door . the door open and she step inside . 45 . int . church ­ night Lisa enter a Church full of powerful religious imagery . on the right side of the entrance she notice a font . a drop of blood pierce the bless water . as Lisa walk down the aisle we realise that everything have slowed to a crawl and she be move in slow motion . White feather cover the aisle , bounce around she bare foot . a open Bible rest on the lectern , the page flutter as if there be a strong breeze blow they . Lisa look up at a crucifix on the 39 . wall , the contort face of a crucify Jesus Christ stare at she . blood seep from the crown of thorns and run down Christ 's face . as Lisa get closer to the altar she see a female figure sit in the front pew . Lisa ebb closer . the figure turn . it 's lisa' mother . lisa' mother do not you grieve for I ? lisa of course I do . suddenly tear of blood run down Lisa 's cheek . Lisa 's mother reach out a hand . Lisa stretch she arm out to grab she mother 's hand . everything be in slow motion , it seem to take Lisa forever to reach she mother 's hand . suddenly a black glove hand grab she outstretch arm . she turn to see a hooded figure , face shroud in darkness , stand next to she . a deep voice echoe around the church : figure kill they . kill they all . CUT to : 46 . int . bedroom ­ lisa' home ­ continuous Lisa 's eye OPEN and she sit bolt upright . she be pale and soak with sweat . it take she a few moment to compose herself and realise that it be just a nightmare . dissolve to : 47. ext . high hope hospital ­ night the rain lash down outside the institution . CUT to : 48. int . hallway ­ high hope hospital ­ night Lisa be walk with delaney . delaney okay , next thing be mop the floor in Ward x. 40 lisa umm ... could you do that ? delaney why ? lisa I dunno ... I just need a break . delaney do Ward X frighten you ? lisa a little . delaney that 's normal , it frighten I sometimes . but I have get to go up to a patient 's room in Ward A. apparently they have have a little accident . surely you would not prefer to clean that up ? lisa well ... maybe not . delaney I know Ward X be a scary place . but you will get use to it . lisa I can hear they talk . it 's kinda unnerve . delaney I know , I hear that too when I be down there . but trust I , once you get use to it thing will get easier . CUT to : 49 . int . ward X ­ later the door creak open . Lisa look nervous . she walk in with she mop and bucket and head to the end of the corridor . she begin mop the floor . as she mop past sadie 's cell she hear a knock on the inside of the cell door . sadie I can hear you out there . 41 . Lisa be creepe out but she make a effort to ignore it . she continue to mop the floor and start move past sadie 's cell . sadie I have be talk to you mother Lisa . Lisa stop dead in she track . she look back at the cell door . sadie she 's here with I Lisa . she 's tell I all about you . Lisa walk over to the cell door . sadie I know you be out there Lisa . talk to I . lisa what ... what do you expect I to say ? sadie perhaps you can tell I all about the summer trip to Key West with you mother ? that be you favourite memory of you mother be not they ? or perhaps you would prefer to tell I about when you sit at you mother 's bed side for six month , watch on helplessly as the cancer ravage she body and suck the life out of she ? Lisa be horrify . she be shaking . lisa how ... how do you know all this ? sadie because you mother be speak to I from the flame of hell ! lisa you sick fuck ! tear stream down Lisa 's face . sadie she have a message for you Lisa . want to hear it ? 42 Lisa wipe away the tear and try to compose herself . sadie want the message ? lisa what be it ? there be a pause for a moment before a unnaturally deep inhuman voice emerge from sadie 's throat on the other side of the cell door : sadie get out !! a distraught Lisa rush towards the exit . CUT to : 50 . int . staff bathroom ­ continuous Lisa rush into the bathroom . a wave of emotion rise to the surface and she sob into she hand . after a few moment the tear subside and she take a deep inhalation of breath , desperately try to compose herself . Lisa walk over to one of the sink . she look at she tear stain face in the mirror above it . Lisa turn the tap on and water rush out . she lean down and splashes the water on she face . Lisa look up and be startled to see she face reflect in the mirror as a old hag ! Lisa clutches she decrepit face in horror ! she close she eye and open they again . her reflection have return to normal . Lisa hear sadie 's maniacal chuckle echo around the bathroom . she rush out . CUT to : 51.int . hallway ­ later a visibly upset Lisa rush down the hallway towards delaney . delaney what 's wrong Lisa ? lisa I be not go down to Ward X again , I be really sorry I just can not handle it down there ! 43 . delaney okay , just calm down okay . tell I what happen . lisa they say thing to I through the door . horrible thing ! delaney I know , they have do it to I too . lisa but that woman sadie , she say thing she could not possibly know about I . delaney like what ? Lisa check herself . lisa I sound crazy do not I ? delaney smile . delaney no . this place just get under you skin sometimes . lisa I be start to wonder if I be lose my mind . delaney well it 's not healthy to think too much about what that crazy son - of - a-bitch say . believe I you do not want they inside you head . lisa it 's hard to keep they out sometimes . delaney listen , take a break from Ward X for a while . I will go down there for the next week or so . lisa I be really sorry about this , I do not think it would effect I so much . 44 delaney do not worry , it get to everyone at first . but the last thing I want be for you to dread come to work . delaney put he hand on Lisa 's shoulder in a comforting manner . lisa thank you . I really appreciate that . delaney smile . delaney no problem . dissolve to : 52 . time lapse : passage from night to day and back again . dissolve to : 53. int . ward X ­ high hope hospital ­ night continual thumping on one of the cell door echoe around Ward x. pemberton enter and walk over to palmer ' cell . he slide open the hatch . pemberton what 's with all the fuck racket palmer ? palmer sorry to bother you mister pemberton . but I wonder if it would be possible to get some medical attention ? palmer hold up he arm and it 's be slashed open . blood pour from the wound . pemberton now how the hell do that happen ? palmer hold up a makeshift knife . palmer I believe it be this rather crude weapon that do the damage . 45 . pemberton Jesus Christ palmer ! now put the weapon on the floor and back away . palmer oblige with a smile on he face . pemberton unhook a truncheon from he waist belt . pemberton put you hand on you fuck head and face the wall ! now !! palmer willingly follow the instruction . pemberton take a set of key from he belt and unlock the cell . pemberton I be come in dipshit , one fuck move from you and I will cave you fuck skull in ! you understand ?? palmer as you wish mister pemberton . CUT to : 54 . int . palmer' cell ­ continuous pemberton walk in with the truncheon raise above he head . pemberton do not you fuck move !! a nervous pemberton fumble at he belt , try to unhook a pair of handcuffs . palmer slowly start to back into he . pemberton I say do not fuck move ! palmer move faster . pemberton swing for he but palmer duck it and spin around , push pemberton into the wall knock he to the floor . palmer aim a swift and savage stamp at pemberton 's head . his skull crush against the cold hard floor . blood spatter all over the white cell . palmer I be terribly sorry about this . palmer reach down , take pemberton 's key and exit the cell . CUT to : 46 55 . ext . ward X ­ continuous palmer stand at the entrance to kimble 's cell . he select the key mark with the corresponding cell number . palmer put it into the keyhole and open the door . palmer good evening mister kimble CUT to : 56 . int . hallway ­ same time hardcastle stroll down the hallway . CUT to : 57. int . staircase ­ continuous hardcastle look down to the base of the staircase . hardcastle pemberton ? pemberton , what 's take you so long man ?? no response . hardcastle rush down the step . CUT to : 58. int . ward X ­ continuous hardcastle enter . he see the door of palmer ' cell open and slam a large red button on the wall next to the entrance . hardcastle take out he truncheon and cautiously approach palmer ' cell . look inside he see pemberton crumpled on the floor in a pool of he own blood . hardcastle shit ! a scream emerge from the next cell . hardcastle rush over to kimble 's cell door . five orderly rush onto the Ward . hardcastle we get a major code six over here ! the orderly rush to hardcastle 's side , truncheon at the ready . hardcastle put a key in the lock and prepare to open kimble 's cell . 47 . hardcastle stay alert ! hardcastle turn the key and kick open the door . they be meet by the sight of kimble 's corpse position upright on the toilet . there be a hole in he head with part of he brain seeping out . palmer stand next to he , with blood on he lip and a plastic spoon in he hand . he smile , blood cover he tooth . palmer good evening gentleman . I believe we will be one short at roll call tomorrow morning . hardcastle and the orderly charge palmer . he do not resist as they viscously tackle he to the ground . dissolve to : 59 . int . hallway ­ high hope hospital ­ later Lisa be walk down the hallway . she hear a scream emerge from one of the room . she put she ear to the door and hear the scream again . Lisa kneel down and peer through the keyhole . in a clinical white room palmer be strapped down on a table . his face be severely cut and bruise but he be conscious . four orderly hold he arm and leg while a fifth smear conductor on palmer temple . orderly # 1 do we need to put the bit in he mouth ? orderly # 2 no . we be not give he the methohexital either . the orderly place electrode either side of palmer ' head . he then turn the dial on the ect device up to full power . palmer scream as he violently convulse , salivate heavily from he mouth . suddenly the saliva turn to blood as he bite he own tongue off . Lisa be horrify as she watch the orderly laugh as palmer experience a severe seizure . Pov shot : someone be approach Lisa as she crouch in front of the door . a hand reach out and grab she by the hair , yanking she to she foot . Lisa scream . she turn to see hardcastle stand in front of she . he invade she personal space in a intimidating manner . hardcastle what the fuck be you do ?? 48 lisa I just hear something so I ... I be just curious . hardcastle what be you see in there ? lisa oh nothing , I do not see anything . hardcastle you make sure it stay that way . that guy be a fuck menace and he deserve everything he get . so you do not talk to mixter or anyone else about anything you have see in there . you understand ? lisa I will not say anything . hardcastle good . now do not you get some clean to do somewhere ? lisa of course . Lisa walk down the hallway . hardcastle 's eye burn into the back of she head . dissolve to : 60 . ext . coffee shop ­ long island ­ day Lisa rush towards the entrance . she 's run late . CUT to : 61.int . coffee shop ­ continuous Lisa rush inside , nearly knock someone 's coffee out of they hand in the process . she look across the busy coffee shop and there 's a attractive young blonde girl wave at she . nancy . Lisa rush to the table . lisa I be so sorry I be run late nanc ! 49 . nancy do not worry about it , have a seat . a latte yeah ? lisa yeah nancy good , I have order it . they will bring it over soon . lisa thanks . Lisa look pale . Black bag under she eye . nancy God hun , you look like shit ! lisa oh thanks ! nancy sorry , I do not mean to be blunt but you do . the night shift get to ya ? lisa the whole job 's get to I . my body clock 's all out of whack but it 's not just that . there 's something seriously wrong with that place . nancy what do you mean ? a waitress bring over the latte and place it in front of Lisa . lisa thanks . Lisa proceed to put four sugar in she coffee . nancy wow , you like a little coffee with you sugar ? lisa I figure it will wake I up a little . nancy so what 's wrong with the place ? 50 lisa a lot of thing . the way they run thing for starter , the orderly be complete bastard . nancy they usually be in that place . lisa some of the patient be extremely violent . nancy you have not be hurt by anyone have you ? lisa no , nothing like that . some of the thing they say though ... it 's pretty frightening . the weirdest thing be ... oh I dunno , maybe it 's just I . I wonder if I be see thing . nancy what do you mean ? lisa I think the place might be haunt . either that or I be lose my mind . nancy well I would not be surprised if it be haunt . lisa what do you mean ? nancy I tell my father about you new job . lisa yeah ? nancy well , y'know they only build that asylum a couple of year ago ? lisa yeah . 51 . nancy he say it be build on the site of one twelve Ocean Avenue . lisa what 's that ? nancy you never hear of it ? lisa no . nancy it be a famous house . or should I say infamous . some guy shot he whole family there back in the seventies . Parents , brother , sister . wipe out he entire family with a shotgun . then the next owner of the house only last there about a month . they say they be drive from the house by evil spirit . the house become know around the world . that 's why the recent owner sell the land , they have enough of all the media interest and constant tourist . have you seriously never hear of the amityville horror house ? lisa I vaguely remember hearing some stuff a while ago , but I never really take it in . I honestly do not realise that the hospital be on the same land . nancy yup , right on the spot where the house be demolish . you really think the place be haunt ? lisa either that or I be go crazy . nancy well you be not crazy , hun . perhaps the storey about haunting at the house be true . maybe the house be go but the spirit stick around . 52 lisa you believe in ghost ? nancy I dunno , never see one . but I like to think I be open minded . plus you be the most intelligent girl I know . if you say you have see something , I believe you . Lisa smile . lisa thanks nanc . nancy so what be you gonna do ? be you gonna quit ? lisa part of I say I should . there 's a lot about the place that frighten I . but I dunno ... I think I have see too much to be able to just walk away and forget the place . nancy if I be you I would just walk away . who want to work at a place that frighten they ? lisa well I need the money for starter . but now it feel like I need to find out more . nancy maybe you be crazy after all ! CUT to : 62. int . bedroom ­ lisa' home ­ day Lisa be sit on she bed study a laptop . on screen she be reading : " Ronald Joseph " butch " defeo , Jr. be a american mass murderer . he be try and convict for the 1974 killing of he father , mother , two brother and two sister . " we slowly push in on Lisa 's eye and then : 53. slow dissolve to : 63.ext . 112 ocean avenue ­ day ­ 1974 ronald defeo senior be in the garden of he home chopping firewood with a large axe . title card appear : November 1974 . title card dissolves . ronald " butch " defeo junior approach he . butch hey pop. ronald senior you come to help ? butch I be go out . ronald senior again ? Boy , you better not be turn up for work tomorrow like a goddamn zombie again . butch yeah , yeah pop . ronald senior do not yeah yeah I boy . you be on a last warning . butch I see you get Mark a wheelchair . Mom say it cost five hundred buck . ronald senior what of it ? butch well how come you be spend five hundred buck on Mark and I gotta come beg you for money all the time huh ? 54 ronald senior what 's the matter with you , boy ? you brother 's break he leg , he need that wheelchair . butch well I need money too ! ronald senior butch , you get a wage from the auto dealership every Friday and it 's go by Monday . why be that ? butch I gotta live . ronald senior what you spend that money on huh ? cos it be not rent or food . you get everything you want for nothing 'round here . I know what you be really do with that money . butch you do not know shit ! ronald senior Boy , you better shut that mouth of yours . Ronald senior stand there , axe in hand , eye-balling he son . butch this be not over . butch storm back towards the house . Ronald senior bring the axe forcefully down on a piece of wood , split it cleanly in half . CUT to : 64.int . apartment ­ amityville ­ day ­ there be a knock on the door . a pale look man in he twenty open the door to reveal butch stand in the door way hold a brown paper bag . butch hey Mick . 55 . mick butch , I tell you man , you can not get no shit on lay- away any more . you credit 's all use up . butch pull a wad of money out of the paper bag . butch you accept cash ? Mick smile . mick my man ! come on in . CUT to : 65 . int . live room ­ apartment ­ a little later butch use a lighter to boil a spoon full of heroin . on he right arm be a belt . he then load the heroin into a syringe . butch tighten the belt and tap he arm . he sink the needle into a prominent vein and plunge the heroin into he blood stream . his eye sink and he lie back onto the crusty carpet of the apartment , stare up at the ceiling . from a bird 's eye view we slowly move down towards butch . suddenly a chorus of voice chatter around he ear . voice # 1 ( o.s ) it 's kill or be kill . voice # 2 ( o.s ) why have not you kill that pig ? voice # 3 ( o.s ) they be plotting against you . we have decide that you must take action . voice # 4 ( o.s ) kill they . kill they all . CUT to : 66.int . hallway ­ 112 ocean avenue ­ day butch put he jacket on and prepare to open the front door . suddenly a large hand grab the back of he jacket . butch swipe the hand away and spin around to see he father red with rage . 56 ronald senior nineteen thousand dollar boy ! nineteen thousand !! butch what ?? ronald senior you steal that fuckin ' money from the auto dealership !! butch what the fuck you talk about ?? I be rob !! do not brigante tell you huh ? some fucker car jack I pop . I tell the police about it ! ronald senior you expect I to believe that , boy ? you think I be fuckin ' stupid ?? butch I be not say you stupid pop , I be tell you the truth ! I be rob god -damn it ! Ronald senior grab butch by the scruff of the neck and slam he against the door . louise defeo rush in . louise what the hell 's go on ?? ronald senior we son 's a fuckin ' junkie thief , that 's what 's go on !! he rob the fuck dealership !! butch do not listen to he ma , I be not do nothing !! Ronald senior and butch fall to the floor and start grapple . louise stop it !! stop it now !! Louise attempt to pull Ronald senior off butch . her nail dig into she husband 's neck and draw blood . a enraged Ronald senior grab he wife 's arm as she start to slap he . butch scramble to he foot and rush down the hallway . Ronald senior remonstrate with Louise who be still try to slap he . 57 . ronald senior why do you always have to get involved huh ?? you have always be too soft on that boy !! louise do not you touch he !! ronald senior he need some fuckin ' discipline !! louise stay away from he !! suddenly Ronald senior feel cold metal press against the back of he head . Louise scream and step back . Ronald senior freeze . Ronald senior slowly turn to see butch , he eye bloodshot and he face emotionless , aim a marlin rifle at he head . butch I have have enough of you fat man !! louise ronnie , do not !! please !! Ronald senior 's tremble with fear as he stare into he son 's cold eye . butch place he finger on the trigger . louise no !! butch pull the trigger . Louise scream . the gun jam . Ronald senior breathes a sigh of relief . butch lower the gun and storm off towards the basement . Louise embrace Ronald senior , who appear to be in shock . CUT to : 67. int . landing ­ 112 ocean avenue ­ later butch be quietly stalking the landing . he can hear whisper from he parent ' bedroom and crane he neck to listen . ronald senior ( o.s ) I want he out of this house tomorrow . he 's go . louise ( o.s ) I guess you be right . he 's twenty three now , he just do not belong here any more . 58 ronald senior ( o.s ) his age be not the problem Louise , that goddamn drug he 's take be . I be not have that go on under my roof . louise ( o.s ) we will talk to he tomorrow . ronald senior ( o.s ) the time have come . and it 's long over due . Ronald stand upright . behind he be a figure in a black robe . figure kill they before they kill you . CUT to black 6 gun shot ring out . fade in : 68. int . bedroom ­ lisa' home ­ day Lisa scan down the web page and look at photo of butch defeo and he family . suddenly she reach a picture of 13 year old allison and she blood run cold . she recognise allison as the little girl she encounter in the hospital hallway . dissolve to : 69 . int . hallway ­ high hope hospital ­ night Lisa and delaney be sit on a bench in the hallway drink coffee . lisa do you know the history of this place ? 59 . delaney there 's not much history . we have only be open a couple of year . lisa no , I mean the history of the land . delaney you mean ... what be on the land before the hospital ? lisa yeah . delaney I know a bit about that . lisa one twelve Ocean Avenue . the amityville haunt house . delaney well I do not know that it be haunt . lot of people think that 's lie . I know about the kid that kill he family . that 's true . lisa I do not know about it until a friend tell I . delaney really ? it 's a famous case . lisa how come you never mention it ? delaney you seem spook already . I do not want to make it worse . lisa y'know why I be spook ? delaney because of the patient on Ward x. lisa it 's not just that delaney . I think this place be haunt . in fact , I be sure of it . 60 delaney you have see something ? lisa remember I say I see a little girl roam the hallway here ? I know who she be . she 's one of the defeo child who be kill . you ever see she ? delaney no . lisa honestly ? delaney to be honest I do not believe in all that ghost stuff . lisa well I be not a huge believer , but I know what I have see . delaney I believe that you have see something . some people be more open to that kind of thing , y'know ? but I ? I be close off to that extra terrestrial stuff . lisa extra terrestrial be alien . delaney whatever it 's call , I do not know . lisa so what do you believe in ? do you believe in God ? delaney serious question tonight . lisa I be just curious . delaney why do you ask ? lisa it 's something I have be think about . how can evil exist in a 61 . world that many people believe be create by a loving God ? delaney I do not believe that God be a bearded man who life in the sky . or that the Devil be a red demon with horn . I believe God and Satan be within all of we . God be we human side . Satan be we animal side . whether we become good or evil depend which side of we we feed . lisa it 's a frightening thing to believe that if God exist he be not powerful enough to stop evil . delaney free will in the hand of a person who feed the evil inside they . that 's what frighten I . Lisa ponder for a moment . lisa Doctor mixter must have know what stand on this land before the hospital . delaney of course he do . he buy the land and organised the demolition of the house himself . lisa why would he build on this land know the history of the place ? delaney he 's not superstitious . he 's a doctor , they do not usually believe in that thing . amityville be full of local legend , go back even before the defeo . lisa like what ? delaney there 's storey about the Native Americans be slaughter on this land many year ago . some people 62 even believe the indian Chief possess that kid who kill he family . lisa really ? delaney I do not think that 's true . if I have learn anything from the patient on Ward X , it 's that some people have a mind that work in a different way to other people . that people who do bad thing have feed the evil within they more than the good . it 's not possession , it 's sickness . sickness of the soul . lisa I do not know what to think . delaney just do not let you imagination run away with you Lisa . you be a person who feed that good within you . do not let this place feed the evil . CUT to : 70 . int . library ­ amityville ­ day Lisa enter the Library . she approach a stuffy look middle age woman with glass perch on the end of she nose . lisa hi , sorry to bother you but my name 's Lisa templeton . I ring yesterday to set up a meeting with gloria Branco . gloria yes , that 's I . lisa oh great ! thank you for agree to meet with I . gloria no problem , nice to meet you ! I have set up a table in the back . I have 63. get a few book that may help you with you inquiry . lisa thank you , that 's great . Lisa follow gloria to the back of the Library . CUT to : 71. int . library ­ later Lisa and gloria be sit at a table in a secluded corner of the Library . various book be spread out on the table . gloria so you want to know about the history of amityville dating back to the Native Americans ? lisa yes that 's right . I be write a college paper and I have hear some rumour in the neighbourhood about Native Americans be kill on the land down on ocean Avenue . gloria 's demeanour instantly turn from jovial to serious . gloria well that area have quite a dark history . lisa you mean the defeo murder at one twelve ? gloria yes . terrible business that . that young child . break my heart to think about such a tragedy . lisa yeah it 's awful . gloria you know most of the town be very upset when they decide to build that mental institution on the land . that use to be a nice suburban neighbourhood , now there 's this big eye sore there . we have a 64 thousand name on a petition . but I guess that Doctor who run the place have enough money to pay off the people in high place . lisa so what about the native Americans ? be that story about they be kill on that land true ? gloria there 's something on that here . gloria flip through one of the book . gloria ah yes , here it be . ( reading ) in the 18th century there exist a group of Native Americans in amityville know as " the satchem tribe " lead by satchem takapausha , the Chief . the tribe have fle Salem in Massachusetts to escape persecution by the Christians who be persecute member of the tribe because of they witchcraft practice . this practice include a ritualistic human sacrifice of six people ( the significance of six be related to the biblical number of man and creation ) in order to induce the spirit of they God , the Dark master , who they believe manifest he power through he devote follower , give they immortality . the hundred strong tribe settle in amityville but be later chase off the land by local Christians . satchem accuse the Christians of not properly compensate he tribe for the land . a war start and the Christians hire a hunter call John underhill from Salem . at the site where one twelve ocean Avenue be later build in amityville , underhill kill all of the tribe . the Indians be bury in a mass grave on the site . before he die satchem vow revenge . accord to local legend , Chief satchem be believe to have subsequently haunt the land . various parapsychologist and medium have 65 . claim that satchem 's vengeful spirit influence the 1974 defeo murder at one twelve ocean Avenue and the haunt of the subsequent owner . although such assertion be widely dispute . lisa so the legend have basis in historical fact ? gloria absolutely . CUT to : 72. int . staff room ­ high hope hospital ­ night Lisa be sit with delaney , both nursing a cup of coffee . lisa you tell I the other night that you think evil be within we all . but do you think that people can be influence by a evil that come from outside of themselves ? delaney be you still think about this ? lisa I guess I be yeah . delaney I worry that you be think too much . this place be get to you . lisa there 's something go on in this place . something sinister . and I do not just mean the patient on Ward x. have you not notice that ? delaney I have notice some thing . lisa why have not you say anything ? or do anything ? 66 delaney contemplate for a moment . delaney it 's like the honey bee . lisa what do you mean ? delaney the honey bee be fine when it 's just fly from flower to flower . then they think that a person be a threat and they sting they . they might leave a sting but the person will recover . the bee die . so I ask myself ... be it worth it ? delaney return he attention to the cup of coffee in he hand as Lisa disappear into she own thought . CUT to : 73. int . live room ­ lisa' home ­ day Lisa be sit in a armchair with a laptop rest on she thigh . on screen she be read a Wikipedia entry : " the satchem tribe be a tribe of Native american origin that exist in the 18th century . they fle Massachusetts and settle in amityville where they be ultimately murder over a land dispute . the tribe be renowned for practice in line with witchcraft and worshipped a God call the Dark master . in 2009 , it emerge that a modern cult incarnation of the tribe exist . they have adopt the traditional belief of the satchem tribe but the modern follower be not require to be of Native american origin . " Lisa scroll down to the reference section . she click on a link . a blog appear on screen entitle the Dark master : a ancient vision for a modern World . she read the latest blog post : " we time be at hand . on November 13th 2013 , 6 soul will be sacrifice so that the Dark master 's devote follower may be bless with immortality . as non - believer perish on doomsday the master 's loyal subject shall live on and be bestow with great power and responsibility for the direction of the New World . " Lisa open up the calendar on she computer . November 13th be the day after tomorrow . Lisa refer back to the blog and notice the author of the last blog post : " sistersadie " . 67 . Lisa 's mind be racing . Lisa type ' sadie krenwinkel ' into a search engine . the first result be a Wikipedia entry . Lisa click on it . she read : " sadie krenwinkel be a convict murderer and former member of the satchem cult , a modern incarnation of a Native american tribe who practice witchcraft in the 18th century . in 2009 , krenwinkel lead ten member of the cult to 1005 dennison drive where they subsequently torture and murder five individual . one potential victim manage to escape and lead police to krenwinkel . at she trial in 2010 , krenwinkel outline the belief of the satchem cult , claim the human sacrifice of six individual would have give they immortality . as a result she lawyer submit a plea of insanity and krenwinkel be subsequently sentence to indefinite incarceration in a mental institution . " Lisa read further down the page and notice that the name of the Doctor who testify to she insanity at she trial : doctor elliot mixter . CUT to : 74. ext . high hope hospital ­ day Lisa rush towards the hospital . CUT to : 75 . int . ward X ­ day Lisa enter Ward X . she walk down the hallway and bang on sadie 's cell door . lisa I know what you be do . no response . lisa I have see that blog . how be you get access to the internet ? Lisa slide open the hatch and look inside . the cell be cover in light candle with sadie sit cross legge in the centre of the room . lisa be you allow to have all this stuff in you cell huh ? 68 sadie the Dark master be near . it 's too late to stop it now . tonight will behold a great become . lisa what 's go to happen ? you be plan on a human sacrifice be not you ? sadie all good thing to that who wait . lisa tell I !! sadie stare directly at Lisa with intense eye . a unnaturally deep voice escape she lip : sadie we time be at hand ! Lisa slide the hatch shut . she walk over to the last door on the leave . Lisa slide the hatch open and peer in . the resident John doe sit in the shadow . suddenly he sit forward and a bright shaft of daylight illuminate he face . Lisa be shocked to see a face she recognise from the internet article stare at she . the face of ronald " butch " defeo juniour . Lisa slam the hatch shut and back down the hallway , she mind racing as fast as she pulse rate . CUT to : 76.int . hallway ­ later Lisa knock on the door to Doctor 's mixter 's office . mixter ( o.s ) come in . Lisa pop she head inside . lisa Doctor mixter . mixter oh Lisa , hello . what bring you here ? 69 . lisa I just wonder if I could speak to you for a moment sir . it 's very important . mixter of course , come in . CUT to : 77. int . mixter' office ­ continuous Lisa enter and sit down opposite mixter , who be sit behind he desk fill out a form . mixter what can I do for you Lisa ? lisa well ... what I be go to tell you will sound really strange but I need to tell you . mixter okay , go ahead . lisa do you know the history of the land the hospital be build on ? mixter what be you refer to exactly ? lisa well , first of all . the defeo murder and the infamous house that people say be haunt . mixter I be aware of the defeo murder yes . the haunting ... well I think it 's common perception now that a lot of that be exaggerated by the media . lisa maybe . be you aware of the history of the land dating back to the eighteenth century ? mixter no , I can not say that I be . 70 lisa there be a group of Native Americans in amityville know as " the satchem tribe " . they be massacre by Christians after a dispute over the land . mixter okay . I be sure there 's a point to all this ? lisa yes . sadie krenwinkel down on Ward x. she share the belief of the satchem tribe . I have reason to believe that somehow she have access to the internet and witchcraft paraphernalia and she 's plan on a human sacrifice tonight to try and raise the God she believe in , the Dark master , and become immortal . mixter chuckle . lisa I be serious . mixter have you be read up on sadie ? it 's rather outlandish stuff be not it ? but I can assure you she have no access to the internet or anything else . lisa go on the internet and check out the blog ! she sign herself sister sadie . mixter well that could be anyone call sadie could not it ? lisa go down and search she cell ! mixter I do not believe that will be necessary . the patient on Ward X spend twenty three hour a day in the cell . they get a hour of exercise in a small yard guard by six of we staff . there 's no way 71 . that any of that patient have access to the internet or any paraphernalia . lisa then someone be help she get access to this stuff ! someone who work here ! please Doctor mixter . just check out she cell and speak to she . if I be wrong about this and it 's all just she delusion then fine . I will accept that . but I have to tell you . you testify at she trial do not you ? mixter yes I do . what be you imply ? lisa nothing . I just mean you know how dangerous she be . mixter yes , I understand how dangerous she be and I appreciate you come to express you concern . one thing you need to bear in mind Lisa be that there be some very sick patient at this institution . we do we best to help that who can be help but unfortunately the patient on Ward X be beyond help . they personality disorder be too advanced , they delusion be too grandiose . I worry that perhaps you have be rather take in by one of that delusion . lisa I know that it might sound like that . but can you check she cell and speak to she ? look at the blog on the internet , see if you can connect the ip number of the writer with a computer here at the hospital . mixter okay look . that do take time and resource I do not necessarily have . but as you have come to I with a concern of patient infraction and potential threat of violence , I be duty bound to investigate . 72 lisa thank you . mixter in fact , I will order a cell search immediately . stay here for a moment , I will be right back . mixter exit . Lisa lean forward and a file on the desk catch she eye . she stand up and reach over for it . her name be on it . Lisa open it up . Inside be a form commit she to the hospital as a patient . Lisa look down and the reason state be paranoid delusion . the date on the form be November 13th . today . Lisa slam the file shut and the office door open . she turn to see mixter stand there with hardcastle and another orderly . lisa what the hell be you do ?? mixter this be for you own good Lisa . you need treatment . the orderly approach she . Lisa lash out but the two man overpower she , grab she arm and then trip she . she hit the floor with a thud . mixter produce a syringe from behind he back . mixter this be for you own good Lisa . lisa fuck you !!! mixter plunge the needle into she neck . Pov shot : Lisa look up at mixter and the orderly and we fade to black . fade in : 78 . int . cell ­ night Lisa awaken , sit in the corner of a cold white cell . she try to get up before realise she 's strapped into a straight jacket . Lisa scream . the hatch open and mixter peer in . the hatch then close and the door open . mixter enter . lisa let I out of here you sick fuck !! 73. mixter now Lisa , let 's talk calmly or you will be sedate again . mixter walk over and sit on the edge of the bed . lisa why be you do this ? mixter you be have paranoid delusion . I be also aware that you have be have disturbing vision . lisa I be not have delusion , I know what I have see ! mixter well you think you know . the human brain be a powerful thing and I be sure you do believe what you have see . but it 's all in you mind Lisa , it 's not reality . you be a very sick girl and you need treatment . lisa you do this to all you staff huh ? the minute we speak out we get fuck commit ?? mixter staff ? you be never staff here Lisa . you be a patient here . you have always be a patient here . Lisa appear confuse . lisa no , no . you be lie to I , I know who I be ! I know who I am !! mixter I be afraid not my dear . you have always be with we here . initially as a out patient but now the delusion have progress I feel it 's time for you to become a full time resident . 74 Lisa become upset . tear stream down she face . lisa but ... but ... mixter look , I understand it 's a lot to process now . I will leave you to think about it and then we will begin counsell session tomorrow . lisa okay . Lisa sob . mixter listen , how about I take this straight jacket off so you be more comfortable ? lisa thank you . mixter first you must take this . it will help you sleep . mixter hand Lisa a red pill and a bottle of water . she take the pill and pop it in she mouth before take a gulp of water . mixter good girl . I know it 's a lot to take in but together we will get through this . now I be go to take you restraint off . remember though , if you be violent then I promise you it will go straight back on . okay ? lisa okay . mixter unty the straight jacket at the back and lift it off . mixter that better ? lisa yes . thank you . 75 . mixter no problem . I be go to leave you get some rest now . tomorrow we start the heal process . mixter exit . the echo of the steel door close reverberate around the tiny cell . we hear mixter 's footstep as he walk down the hallway . Lisa 's upset demeanour disappear immediately . she spit the red pill into the palm of she hand . dissolve to : 79 . ext . high hope hospital ­ later that night a storm be brewing in the dark sky above High hope Hospital . CUT to : 80 . int . sadie' cell ­ ward X - night sadie be sit cross legge in the centre of she cell surround by candle . sadie adoni , helumnay , peenay , adoni , helumnay , peenay , the god do command thee from thy majesty oh mapulamun . CUT to : 81. int . mixter' office ­ continuous mixter be in he office put on a large hood black robe . sadie ( v.o ) adoni , helumnay , peenay , come forward bless one , know you call come forward oh bless one . 76 mixter open the cupboard and take out a .35 caliber lever action marlin 336c rifle . the clock on the wall read 3:15 be . CUT to : 82.int . patient x's cell ­ ward X ­ continuous patient X be asleep in the corner . sadie ( v.o ) accept we humble gratitude for you offer , in death you give life , may you find wing to the kingdom . the Dark master , keeper of the gate , master of all fate , hear we ! the lock of the door turn . patient X 's eye snap open . the door open . mixter be stand in the doorway , dress in a hood black robe . he hold the marlin rifle in he hand . he approach patient X and hold out the rifle and a box of shell . patient X take they . mixter walk out . CUT to : 83. int . ward X ­ continuous mixter walk down the hallway and reach for a series of button on the wall . he punch in a combination of number and all of the door unlock . patient X be stand in the doorway of he cell , rifle at he side . sadie rush out of she cell and see he . a broad smile spread on she face . she turn to mixter . sadie we do it elliot , we do it ! we time be at hand !! immortality be ours ! patient X raise the rifle and squeeze the trigger . the blast rip through the back of sadie 's head , blow half of she face away . she be kill instantly and she lifeless corpse drop to the floor . mixter smile and leave the Ward . CUT to : 77 . 84. int . cell ­ same time Lisa have she ear press to the door . she can hear gun shot and scream . she start to panic and rush over to the small window . she slam she hand into the window but the glass do not break . the lock on the door snap . Lisa slide down the wall , terrify . the door open and delaney walk in . Lisa breathes a huge sigh of relief and rush over , throw she arm around he . delaney we need to get out of here ! one of the patient be run around with a shot gun down on Ward X ! CUT to : 85 . int . ward X ­ continuous patient X kick open the door to palmer cell . the lobotomise palmer be lie face down on he bed . patient X aim the gun and a shot tear through palmer ' back . hardcastle and another orderly rush onto the Ward . patient X take aim and shoot hardcastle in the chest , kill he instantly . the other orderly turn to run and be shot in the leg . CUT to : 86. int . ward B ­ same time delaney and Lisa run through the Ward . they turn a corner and be suddenly confront by a large group of patient in white gowns . lisa fuck !! delaney and Lisa run back the other way and turn the corner . two orderly , brandish truncheon , be approach . lisa please help we ! delaney the patient be loose ! orderly # 1 we will take care of they . 78 the orderly turn the corner and see the large group . the orderly look at each other , fear in they eye . they turn to run but the patient overpower they in a flash , grab and scratch , deep wound tear into they skin . delaney and Lisa look on as the helpless orderly scream . lisa should not we help they ?? delaney we need to save ourselves . let they reap what they have sewn . delaney grab Lisa and they run down the hallway , as the patient beat the orderly with they own truncheon . CUT to : 87. int . hallway ­ continuous Lisa and delaney rush down the hallway . they turn a corner and be stop in they track by the ghost of allison defeo stand in the centre of the hallway clutching a teddy bear . she have a huge bullet hole in the centre of she forehead , blood drip down she face . allison why do not you want to play with I ? crash ! a door at the other end of the hallway be kick open . patient X burst through and aim the rifle . Lisa and delaney rush back down the hallway . a bullet hit the wall just as they turn into a open doorway . CUT to : 88.int . hallway ­ continuous Lisa and delaney be run through the hallway . they burst through a door . CUT to : 89 . int . shower room ­ continuous Lisa and delaney find themselves in the shower room . mould cover the wall and all of the shower be on , gush dirty water . they spot another door on the other side of the 79 . shower room but block they path to it be a thin middle age man in a white vest and white short , face the wall . he be whisper to himself . Lisa and delaney stop . lisa hey mister , you need to get the hell out of here , there 's a patient go crazy with a gun !! the man turn around . his face be weathered and he eye be wild and bloodshot . man my ...my skin 's on too tight ! delaney what ? man my skin be on too tight ! delaney grab Lisa and they start ebbing past the man towards the door . the man be get increasingly more agitate , scratch at he face . man my skin 's on too tight !! the man reach into the pocket of he short and produce a scalpel . man my skin be on too tight !! the man stab he cheek with the scalpel . Lisa scream ! the man drag the scalpel around he face in one continuous motion , blood seeping from the circular gash . as Lisa and delaney watch on in horror the man rip the skin off he face , expose muscle and vein . his white vest and short be now saturate with blood . the man sigh with relief . man that 's much better . a horrify Lisa and delaney rush towards the door and burst through it . CUT to : 90 . int . hallway ­ continuous 80 delaney and Lisa sprint down the hallway as gunshot ring out in the distance . CUT to : 91 . int . reception area - continuous delaney and Lisa rush towards the main door . they be lock . delaney fumble for a set of key . lisa come on , hurry , please !! delaney find the right key . he check the lock and realise that a key have be snap off in it . delaney kurwa !! lisa what , what ?? delaney a fuck key 's be snap in the lock ! delaney rush to the reception desk and grab a chair . he rush over to a window next to the door and raise the chair . bang ! a bullet tear through he back and exit through he chest with a explosion of blood . Lisa scream ! delaney drop to he knee and Lisa rush to he side . patient X load fresh cartridge in the rifle . delaney be dead . Lisa run down the hallway . patient X take aim . just as Lisa burst through a door , a bullet blast apart one side of the frame . CUT to : 92. int . ward B ­ continuous Lisa run through Ward B. lisa' Pov ­ patient X burst through the door and pursue she . Lisa keep run as patient X aim the gun . Lisa look back just as he fire and the bullet narrowly miss she , the force send she crash into a stack of chair . her leg catch on the chair and she fall to the ground . Lisa crawl towards a door . hauling herself up she manage to turn the handle and the door swing open . 81 . lisa' Pov ­ patient X stand just yard away , attempt to get a steady clean shot at Lisa . he squeeze off the trigger just as she fall through the door , the shot blow the door apart . CUT to : 93. int . hallway ­ continuous Lisa limp down the hallway . she try the handle of a door but it 's lock . she try another - also lock . Lisa finally find a door that be open and she rush through . CUT to : 94.int . staff room ­ continuous Lisa enter a small staff room . she slam the door behind she . she click the lock . Lisa step back from the door . she jump as patient X pound on the door from the other side . Lisa look around for a weapon . she limp toward the cutlery drawer below a sink . she rustle inside and find a large butcher knife . suddenly the door explode , a large hole blow through the middle of it by the gun shot . patient X reach through , grop for the lock . Lisa reach a large window in the room . she try to lift the window . after a unsuccessful attempt at open it she realise the window be nail down . lisa fuck !! patient X reach for the lock . Lisa dash to the storage cupboard and duck inside . CUT to : 95 . int . storage cupboard ­ continuous Lisa pull the door shut and fall to the floor of the dark interior . Lisa face the door , brace herself with the knife hold upwards . everything be quiet . suddenly the door shake as patient X thump on it . the door crack as patient X smashes against it . Lisa crouch down with the knife at the ready . 82 the gun blows a hole right through the door . patient X lean through the hole , peer down at Lisa crouch on the floor . he aim the gun through the hole and prepare to fire . Lisa brandish the knife and thrust it forward with all she might . the blade rip through patient X 's right eye . he scream and drop the gun in the cupboard before stumbling backwards into the staff room . patient X clasp he hand to he eye which be now gush with blood . Lisa grab the gun and stand up . patient X look at she with he remain eye . Lisa aim the rifle through the hole in the door . lisa light out , you son-of - a-bitch !! bang ! the shot gun blast a hole through patient X 's chest , blood splatter over Lisa . suddenly a white light fill the room and allison defeo materialise . she be dress in a clean white dress , she angelic complexion bear no wound . allison take the hand of patient X 's corpse . the white light swarm over patient X 's body and he rise to he foot . his head be now intact and he be dress in a white robe . he look at allison and they share a peaceful smile . allison walk with patient X through a doorway fill with a blind white light . they disappear and the light slowly dissipate . dissolve to : 96 . int . hallway ­ high hope hospital - later Lisa , cover in blood , walk through the hallway with the rifle by she side . she reach the door to Doctor mixter 's office and kick it open . mixter be sit behind he desk , now dress in he usual shirt and tie . Lisa aim the gun at mixter whose hand be beneath the table . lisa get you fuck hand up you sick fuck ! insert shot : mixter press a red button beneath the desk . mixter raise he hand . mixter I see we have dispense with the usual pleasantry . come in Lisa . Lisa enter , kick the door shut behind she . 83. CUT to : 97 . int . mixter' office ­ continuous mixter be very calm . Lisa be tremble , the rifle visibly shaking in she hand as she aim it at mixter 's head . lisa you gonna tell I it 's all in my head now huh ?? wanna tell I I be the crazy one ?? mixter well maybe it be , maybe it be not . how would you know ? lisa get the fuck out of my head you son-of -a-bitch ! I know who I be and I know what I have see ! you be part of all of this . I know you be ! you be the crazy one !! mixter you be the one hold the gun on a well respected doctor , my dear . lisa why do you do this ? why ?? mixter you be part of a great become tonight . a rise of the Dark master who bless all of he follower with power and immortality . lisa you fuck believe that do you ?? sound like a bunch of bullshit to I ! you be no better than that fuck fundamentalist who kill innocent people because they have twisted shit they have read in some Holy book . it 's all shit !! mixter the plan for the become be almost complete . just one more sacrifice , that 's all we need tonight . 84 lisa how about if I blow you fuck head off then huh ?? suddenly siren can be hear outside . the screeching of car wheel . mixter smile . Lisa , still hold the gun at mixter , shuffles over to the window and peer through the blind . the car park be full of police car . a dozen armed police officer rush towards the building . Lisa look back to see mixter chuckle . lisa what the fuck be you laugh at ? mixter it 's all fall into place . lisa the cop come here ? I be gonna tell they everything about you and you little sick plan ! they be gonna lock you up and throw away the key !! mixter if you say so . outside they hear the police rush down the hallway . mixter tell I something Lisa , would it help you grief over you mother if you know she be a slut ? lisa what do you say ?? mixter yes . that 's why she 's burn in hell . Lisa , she tooth clench , move forward and place the business end of the rifle against mixter 's temple . lisa you shut the fuck about my mother , you do not know anything !! mixter I know that sometimes you wonder why you do not cry enough for she . I know you feel guilty for not do more for she when she be alive . you feel guilty for move on with 85 . you life and forget about she !! lisa I have not forget about she !! mixter face it Lisa , you never care for she . you never care for anyone but yourself . she 's look up from the bowel of hell now know that you never love she ! tear stream down Lisa 's face . she 's crumble . lisa shut up !! shut up !! mixter she be a whore ! Lisa hit mixter over the head with the butt of the rifle . he fall to the ground and look up at a craze Lisa . mixter you mother 's in hell and you do not care !! lisa fuck you !! Lisa aim the rifle at mixter 's face . suddenly the police burst in . Lisa spin around , the rifle still in she hand . police OPEN FIRE ! her body be riddled with bullet and she fall to the floor in a blood soak heap . fade to black title card against black screen appear : one year later title card dissolves . fade in : 86 98. int . television studio a glamorous woman address the camera . presenter and we be back with we next guest . a year ago he be a survivor of the High hope Hospital mass murder when cleaner Lisa templeton run amok with a rifle , claim six victim and injure many other . Doctor elliot mixter have write a new book entitle ' shatter hope ' which provide a account of that fateful night as well as some background into the mind of the murderer . Doctor mixter , good morning . mixter be sit opposite , in a very expensive suit . mixter Morning Katherine , how be you ? presenter I be good thank you . so Doctor , can you tell we a little more about the book ? mixter well , it feature a blow by blow account of the evening . it be obviously a very harrowing experience and for I it be rather therapeutic to deal with my feeling about what happen in write . presenter how have it affect the hospital Doctor ? mixter obviously we be all leave very numb by event for a long time and I know a lot of people in the town feel we should close the institution . but that never occur to I . I feel that people should be bring closer by tragedy and the staff and I have definitely become closer , both as colleague and friend , since the incident . that bond make for a better 87 . institution in my opinion , so we will continue to go from strength to strength . presenter you mention there that some people want the place to close . I know many be also resistant to the open of the institution in the first place give that it be build on the site of the infamous house , where Ronald defeo murder he family in the seventies . I know a lot of people associate with that case be accuse of exploit it for they own end . you have also face some criticism for that , particularly as we hear last week that you have sell the movie rights to this book . how do you respond to that criticism ? mixter well I know that some people accuse I of hurt the memory of the victim but I feel I be help the memory of that involved live on . grant , some victim be criminally insane but other victim be loyal staff who have family and I be determine that they not be forget . each staff member get they own chapter in the book so that the reader can get a full picture of what wonderful people they be . I always say that all form of media , whether it be book , newspaper , tv or movie , be a preservation of life . we physical body may die but we image live on when we be famous . we work and we passion be preserve , therefore it 's as if we soul be preserve . through all of this form of media we be , in effect , immortal . mixter look straight into the camera and smile . CUT to black 88 the sound of child sing the nursery rhyme " Ring around a rosie " in a slow , haunt manner echoe around we ear . credit roll the end .