fade in : 1 ext : midtown manhattan street - day behind the open credit , we watch a montage of rupert pupkin make he daily round as a messenger deliver manila envelope and package to various New York office , always courteous and polite in he demeanor , pupkin be a attractive - look young man just past thirty and dress in a stylish blue suit , broad tie and wide - collare shirt . his shoe be neatly polished , he hair carefully groom . as the montage continue , we see that he have finish he delivery and be walk rapidly towards he destination . it turn out to be a television theater north of Times Square whose marquee announce the jerry langford show . it be dusk and the show be about to break . there be a very small crowd already position at the stage door -- a few young girl , a few curious passer - by who have stop to see who will emerge . Three professional autograph hunter be cluster together : mae , a lady in she sixty , wear a red velvet dress , a lace hat and much too much rouge . sidney be in he mid-twenty , tall , badly - complexion , slicked hair but otherwise neatly dress . he carry a brown lunch bag . celeste be a enormously fat woman in she mid-thirty . she wear a large cape to conceal she obesity . a middle - age man , dress in a corduroy suit , emerge from the backstage door which be guard by a large , white - haire policeman . the non-professionals in the crowd just peer at the man but mae immediately step in front of he with she autograph book raise . mae ( to the man ) be you somebody ? man no , honey , I be just a work stiff . the man keep walk and mae return to she cohort just as pupkin arrive . mae hi , rupert . celeste ( coolly ) hello , rupert . sidney who do you get ? pupkin ( distractedly ) nobody . pupkin carefully place himself near the door , a step or two away from the other professional . mae ( to sidney ) I get Mr. raf vallone outside 21 . celeste ( to sidney about pupkin ) he would never tell you anyway , sidney . mae then I get he again at the Pierre at four o'clock . sidney be a dear , mae . I do not happen to have Mr. vallone . mae you know what I want for he . sidney but I have only six barbra 's leave . you know how difficult she be to work with . mae I do not have she even once . celeste ( to mae ) maybe rupert would help you . pupkin shoot a hostile glance back at celeste . sidney would you do that , rupert ? you do not feel about barbra the way I do . mae I will give you Mr. burt reynold too . celeste ( needle rupert ) look , sidney , rupert do not do that sort of thing . sidney how about it , rupert ? I will give you whoever you want . sidney start pull little white card out of he paper bag and read they off . sidney rodney dangerfield ... Richard Harris ... liza minelli ... and she 's not so easy to work with either ... Louise lasser ! celeste you be waste you time . pupkin have be try to remain apart from the other three . finally he turn to sidney . pupkin look , sidney . I be just not interested . this be not my whole life , you know . celeste what 's that suppose to mean -- that it 's my whole life , or sidney 's or mae 's ? mae it be so my whole life . celeste shut up , mae . what about you mother ? be not she part of you life ? mae it 's she whole life too . the show break . the door swing open and people pour out . the crowd around the backstage door swell . policeman ( to the crowd ) if you want Jerry 's autograph , give I you piece of paper and I will send it backstage . a number of people in the crowd hand in piece of paper . pupkin be stand next to a young couple , about college age . the young girl have just send in she paper . pupkin ( to the girl ) what be you go to do with Jerry 's autograph ? young girl I do not know . maybe I will sell it . boyfriend I will tell you what she 's go to do with it . she 's go to pin it on she bulletin board and have a orgasm . the young girl laugh unself - consciously . CUT to : langford 's limousine wait directly in front of the stage door . mae have engage the chauffeur who stand at the door of the car in conversation . chauffeur ( wearily ) no , mae . mae I do not mean now . chauffeur no , mae . mae I will get right out . the chauffeur , smile , shake he head . CUT to : a plain-look girl in a black raincoat and black , floppy hat stand on the street side of the limousine , carefully watch mae and the chauffeur talk . CUT to : mae but I have never be in one . we hear a cry as a celebrity emerge from the backstage door . mae turn and go back towards the door . CUT to : the policeman be hand out the autograph . suddenly langford emerge , flanke by three page , husky young man in they early twenty dress in theater uniform . there be scream and some yell of langford 's name . langford pay no attention . smiling nervously , he make he way towards the limousine . the chauffeur stand at the rear of the car , hold the door . langford enter the car and then suddenly spring back . the girl in the black raincoat and black hat have hide herself in the back seat of the limousine . the three page , who have already turn and head back toward the theater , hear the commotion and swing around . the girl , who we shall come to know as marsha , hide herself in the far end of the limo , so two of the page go around to the far side of the car and start pull she out while the third page move into the limo from the street side . she fight like a wildcat , but the page slowly manage to drag she out . during the struggle , langford stand amid the crowd , a bit shake . pupkin stand next to he , stare at he . when finally catch langford 's eye , pupkin smile pleasantly . pupkin ( to langford who barely listen ) how the hell do that girl get in there ? Jesus , they certainly do not give you very good protection , do they ? langford say nothing , glance nervously at pupkin . pupkin look at you here . who the hell be watch you ? any one of this freak could just walk right up to you and do whatever he want . a couple young girl be press against langford . first girl oh , Jerry . how can we get to talk to you ? pupkin just a minute . this be crazy . pupkin straighten up for action . pupkin ( yell at the crowd ) okay ! stand back ! pupkin wade through the crowd towards the limousine , push sidney and mae among other out of the way . langford follow in the path pupkin be clear . pupkin do not you hear I ?!? come on , people , have a heart . the page have succeed in pull the girl out of the far door of the limo just as pupkin and langford arrive at the near door . the chauffeur have be block by the crowd from open the door so pupkin open it . pupkin stand back ! ( to langford ) go ahead , Jerry . langford slip in quickly . he look up at pupkin who be hold the door , smile pleasantly . langford thanks . thanks very much . pupkin stare at langford for a moment and then slide into the limo next to he , close the door behind he . 2 int : limo - night pupkin I hate to bother you like this , Jerry , but could I speak to you for a minute . langford I would like to but ... pupkin I know you be a busy man . I promise not to take very long , really . but I need you advice . pupkin look down at he hand which have be badly scratch . pupkin you do not have a handkerchief , do you ? Jesus , this people will kill you for a cufflink . langford hand he a monogramm handkerchief , then check he watch . pupkin thanks . if you have to be somewhere , I do not mind talk as we drive . you can drop I off anywhere . langford sorry , but I have get a strict rule never to ... pupkin I put myself on the line for you , Jerry . reluctantly , langford signal with he head to he chauffeur to start move . as the car move through New York traffic , pupkin and langford talk . pupkin thanks , Jerry . I be grateful for this chance to talk to you ... I hope I be not boring you . langford I will let you know . pupkin really ? fine. I be rupert pupkin , Jerry . I know that the name itself do not mean very much to you but it mean a awful lot to I , believe I . maybe you have see I outside you show and wonder who I be . well , right now , I be in communication but , by nature , I be a stand - up comedian . I know what you be think -- 'oh no . not another one . ' and I would not take up even one minute of you time if I be not absolutely convinced of my talent . I be really good , Jerry , believe I , I be dynamite . now you be probably wonder if I be so good why have not you catch my act somewhere , right ? langford well ... pupkin well , up to now , I have be bide my time , develop my act slowly and carefully so that when my big break finally come , I be ready -- like you be that night paar get sick and you sit in for he . I be there that night , in the theater . that be the most important night of my life , until tonight , of course . pupkin fish a cigarette case out of he jacket pocket , flip it open and offer one to langford . langford no thanks . I do not smoke . pupkin return the pack to he pocket . pupkin I neither . I just carry they as a courtesy . how about a cough drop ? langford ( smile indulgently ) no thanks . I do not cough . pupkin I try not to but sometimes , you know ... be I make any sense ? langford ( smile ) go on . pupkin well , that night you do paar , I walk out of the theater like I be in a dream . all of a sudden , I know what I want . I start catch you guest appearance on Sullivan and taping they and , when you get you own show , it get to be a kind of regular thing . I study how you build to you one - liner , nice and relaxed like you be chat , and how you deliver the joke without lean too much on they , without say " here 's the punchline , folk . " and I watch the way you play off dead audience , how you let that long silence build until people could not stand it and then the way you get they off the hook with that slow smile . you be my college of comedy , Jerry , like a kind of teacher , a friend . I know it sound crazy , but when you watch someone every night ... but that 's all in the past . what I be try to say be this . I be ready now . I have finish the course . and I be think as we sit here talk " be this it ? be this that one big break ? " be it , Jerry ? there be a long pause . pupkin Jerry ? langford look ... er ... what be the name ? pupkin I be rupert , Jerry . langford look , rupert . I know what you be say . but thing do not work that way . you can not just walk onto a network show without any experience . you have get to start at the bottom ... pupkin but that 's where I be ! langford you have get to work you way up , learn you trade in front of live audience , start play the little club . pupkin but that can take year , Jerry ! look at I . I be already 31 year old ! people my age be way ahead of I . I have get some catch up to do and I need you help . what do you say , Jerry ? all I be ask you to do be listen to my act . that 's all . be that ask too much ? langford I get call from agent every day . all they want ... pupkin I try get a agent . I do , Jerry . but you know how it be . you can not get a agent unless you be work and you can not get work unless you have get a agent ... or unless you know somebody . and the only person I know be you , Jerry . there be a long pause . langford look , why do not you call my office . pupkin could I ?!? oh , I know you would say that , Jerry . you do not know how many time I have have this conversation in my head . and this be the way it always turn out . that 's why I have to sort of invite myself into the car tonight . I know it 's kind of presumptuous and I really appreciate the time you have give I . but break like this do not just happen . you have to make you own break . the limousine start slow down as it pull up before U.N. Plaza . it stop . langford get out . pupkin follow . 3 ext : U.N. plaza apartment - night langford turn to pupkin , look to get rid of he as cleanly and gracefully as possible . langford extend he hand . pupkin go to shake it but he hand be wrap in the handkerchief . he extend he leave hand . langford shake it awkwardly . langford Nice meeting you , rupert . I hope it all work out for you . pupkin thanks , Jerry . I do not know how to repay you . I be a little short on cash this evening , but , if you do not mind some good , hearty food , I would be honore to take you to dinner . langford thanks , but some people be wait for I . pupkin oh , I understand . well , then , maybe I could repay you with a joke . langford be start to walk into the building . pupkin wait a minute . how 's this ? the first night you do you show from the coast , you open this way . " good evening , lady and gentleman , it 's great to be back here in Southern California where you can wake up in the morning and listen to the bird cough ... " langford ( nodd but unsmile ) not bad . maybe . pupkin call after langford who head for the entrance to he building . pupkin consider it a gift . hey , Jerry ! how about lunch ? my treat ! langford ( turn back before he enter the building ) call my office . pupkin wave with he bandage hand , notice langford 's handkerchief and unwrap it . pupkin ( to the handkerchief ) thanks , Jerry . the camera move in for a close - up of pupkin in a kind of daze . fade to : 4 int : sardi be restaurant - day pupkin and langford stand at the edge of the foyer , wait for the maitre d' to seat they . vincent , the owner , spot they and hurry over . vincent I be sorry , Mr. langford . ( to pupkin , angrily ) how do you get in ? langford that 's alright , Vincent . Mr. pupkin 's a friend of mine . vincent ( puzzle ) oh , I see . pupkin that 's alright . now if you would be good enough to find we a nice table . pupkin push a five dollar bill into vincent 's hand . vincent certainly . this way , please . vincent lead pupkin and langford to the " bullpen , " a select spot in a corner of the restaurant . vincent here you be . enjoy you lunch , gentleman . langford be Eddie here today , Vincent ? vincent I will send he over . a waiter arrive and hand they the menu . waiter we specialty today be rizzofino dolce acqua a la marinara con spezi . very good . pupkin sound like a new opera . langford Fine . what come with it ? waiter me. the three laugh . pupkin Fine . for two . waiter very good . the waiter leave . pupkin you look tired , Jerry . langford it show , do it ? it 's all this problem with the show . that and the custody suit . pupkin I be sorry to read about that , Jerry . charlene never should have get the kid . if there 's anything I can do . langford I appreciate it , rube . just talk about it a little with you help . Eddie arrive . he be a small , slightly - bald man with grey hair and a goatee . he wear a foulard under a open-necked shirt . he carry a long sketch pad . he immediately set up a small easel and start sketching . pupkin have not Eddie already do you ? langford never mind . you be say ... pupkin well , I have be give a lot of think to you situation , Jerry , ever since I see you start to lose ground in the rating . and I think I know what the problem be . too many of the same face . langford yeah ? pupkin sure , people be get tired of this people who live off game show and talk show and can not really do anything . they have see them and hear them till they can not stand it anymore . langford you know , maybe you be right , rube . pupkin I be sure I be . when a show run out of surprise , it lose its audience . a young girl stand before pupkin and langford . she hand pupkin she autograph book . pupkin what 's you name , dear ? girl dolore . pupkin ( write ) to dolore , who sense greatness . rupert pupkin . girl ( read it ) thanks , Mr. pupkin . the girl leave . pupkin you see what I mean ? what you need on the show be some unknown quantity , some brilliant talent make he television debut . imagine the suspense . who be this young guy ? how will he do with the eye of all America on he ? something like that have get to help . langford and that 's where you come in . pupkin why not ? believe I , Jerry , I would give you the credit you deserve and I will stick with you . anytime you need I , I will be there , do a few minute at Guild scale . langford I would be grateful , rube . I really would . eddie all finish , Mr. langford . eddie turn the caricature so pupkin and langford can see it . it 's a picture of the two of they , face each other and smile . pupkin oh , Jerry , you sneaky ... langford look good , Eddie . the waiter arrive with a bottle of champagne . pupkin what 's this ? waiter compliment of Mr. sardi . eddie hang the picture of langford and pupkin on the wall behind they among the hundred of other caricature -- from bankhead to sid caesar to bette Davis . the camera pan over this . we hear the champagne pop . pupkine voice how do you afternoon look ? langford voice what have you get in mind ? pupkine voice well , we have still get time to catch the cub and the Met out at Shea . langford voice why not ? but first , a toast . to you , rube and you success . pupkine voice thanks , Jerry . fade to : 5 ext : U.N. plaza - night pupkin thanks , Jerry . pupkin take langford 's handkerchief and fold it reverentially , tucking it carefully into he breast pocket . he clap he hand together a few time for joy and dash into the street to hail a cab . CUT to : 6 int : langford apartment langford enter he apartment . it be tasteful , modern , spacious and empty . a floodlight shine on a single set at the end of a long dinner table . he walk over to a large aquarium and sprinkle some food for the fish . langford ( to the fish ) say hello to Jerry . on a shelf above the aquarium stand three picture , one of two boy , roughly eight and eleven , flanke by a shot of each boy alone . langford walk to the end of the table where a cover dish and a New York Post await he . he lift the cover dish which reveal a large , cold salmon . langford ( to the fish ) say hello to Jerry . langford begin poke at the fish with he fork . the phone ring . he answer it . langford yeah . girl voice it 's Marsha , Jerry . do you get my note ? I leave it on the back seat . do you get it ? I drop it there before they pull I out . that guy hurt I , Jerry . ( pause ) Jerry ? langford ( icily ) who give you this number ? marsha' voice do not be angry with I , Jerry . I do not know what else to do ; I have be try you every five minute , I miss you , baby ... Jerry ? langford hang up the phone and then take it off the receiver . langford say goodbye to Jerry . he shake he head wearily , return to he dinner and turn to the inside page of the New York Post . CUT to : 7 ext : lexington avenue in the sixties - night a cab pull up in front of a all - night florist shop . pupkin dash out of the cab and into the florist 's . the cab wait . CUT to : 8 ext : lexington avenue in the sixties - night pupkin dash out of the florist 's clutching a single red rise . he hop back into the cab which start move . CUT to : 9 ext : a STREET off broadway - night the cab pull up in front of gil 's steak and chop , a restaurant of little distinction that have a few checker tableclothed table in the rear and a long bar at the front . pupkin stare through the window of the bar at rita , the bargirl , a attractive , somewhat shopworn blonde in she late twenty . pupkin enter . CUT to : 10 int : bar-restaurant pupkin go to the near end of the sparsely - populate bar . pupkin miss ! rita come over . pupkin smile knowingly . pupkin a beer please , miss . something import . rita Heineken 's alright ? pupkin Fine . rita serve he a Heineken 's . she stare at he , search he face . pupkin how have you be , rita ? she stare again . rita you be not rupert pupkin ! pupkin smile broadly . rita how the hell do you find I ? pupkin Sally gardner , I meet she after a matinee . be not you glad to see I ? rita sure , sure . how be old Sally ? pupkin the same , I guess . you know , two kid , a nice husband , live in clifton . rita it figure . pupkin a lot of the kid in we class have move back . rita what be you do here ? pupkin I just think I would say hello . here , I bring you a little something . rita ( recognize he style ) oh , yeah , Mr. romance . pupkin do not forget to put in a aspirin . it last longer . rita fill a glass of water and put in the rise . rita nothing 's gonna keep it alive in this place . pupkin how have you be , dear , sweet rita ? rita I do not have a aspirin . pupkin maybe a rolaid would work . pupkin pull out a pack of rolaid and hand one to rita who smile vaguely and drop it into the glass . rita well , what be you up to this day , rupert ? pupkin do not you know you would see I again ? rita you still go to the movie ? pupkin you be look as beautiful as ever . rita oh , yeah . I be a real knockout . pupkin I think so . rita well , here I be . local cheerleader make good . pupkin I vote for you for most beautiful . rita yeah ? pupkin I do not have the nerve to tell you then , but I guess it 's alright now . rita well , nothing terrible 's gonna happen , if that 's what you mean . there be a awkward pause . pupkin stare admiringly at rita . rita well , how be thing with you , rupert ? pupkin great ! everything 's start to break . rita be that right ? pupkin yeah . as a matter of fact , that 's why I be here . I have know about this place for a long time . I just do not want to make my move until I have something to offer you . everything 's a question of timing . rita stare at pupkin as he rattles on . pupkin what 's the matter ? rita shake she head in disbelief and chuckle . rita Jesus Christ , rupert pupkin ! pupkin ( smile ) the two of we be often confuse . he 's the one with the famous father . pupkin wait for a laugh . rita just keep shaking she head . pupkin look around . pupkin ( critically ) you like this place ? rita shrug . rita why , you get something better ? pupkin maybe . rita what ? pupkin what be you do tonight ? rita tonight ? rita start laugh . pupkin ( smile reluctantly ) what 's so funny ? rita ( still laugh ) you call I up all junior and senior year . night after night after night , right ? and every time I be wonder ' when be this guy go to stop talk and ask I out ? ' well , now I know the answer . August twelfth , nineteen seventy - six . it only take you ten , eleven year to work up to it . pupkin if I have ask you out ? would you have go ? rita oh , no . pupkin why not ? rita start laugh again . rita because I think you be a jerk ! pupkin you see ! I be right ! but that guy be not I anymore . I look at my picture in the yearbook and I do not even recognize myself . I be not the same guy , rita . a bull - neck man in he early forty enter . he wave a brief hello to rita as he walk by . rita smile and the man take a seat at the far end of the bar . man rita ! rita ( to pupkin ) Excuse I a minute , honey . pupkin I be not honey ! I be rupert . rita go to the far end of the bar and serve the man a beer . they chat briefly as pupkin watch uneasily . finally pupkin downs he beer and raise he glass . pupkin miss ! miss ! the man get rita 's attention for pupkin . rita return to pupkin and serve he another beer . pupkin I be in the mood to celebrate tonight . why do not we go to this nice restaurant I know , talk over and time , get to know each other all over again . rita and then ? pupkin well , tomorrow night I think we would go out again , talk some more , get to know each other even better . rita how much ? pupkin how much what ? rita how much do we have to get to know each other ? pupkin I do not understand . rita ( emphatically ) how much do we have to get to know each other before we start talk about that job ? pupkin I be not talk about any job . rita then what 's this big offer you be talk about ? pupkin you will see . right now I be ask you for a date . how about it ? rita I be sorry , rupert . but I be busy . pupkin busy ? rita yeah . busy . pupkin but this be the biggest night of my life . rita I have already get a date . the man at the end of the bar raise he glass . man rita ! rita go to the far end of the bar . she pour he another beer and settles against the bar , resume she chat with he . pupkin look for a moment and downs he beer . he raise he glass . pupkin miss ! miss ! rita return to he . pupkin be that you date ? rita none of you business . pupkin what do you want to go out with he for ? rita he 's a good friend of mine . pupkin tell he you be busy . rita what 's so important about tonight ? pupkin everything ! you do not understand . rita no. I do not . it 's be really nice see you , rupert . thanks for drop in . but I have get some work to do . rita leave pupkin and return to the far end of the bar where she once again resume talk with the man . pupkin sit for a moment , get up slowly and head for the john . 11 int : the JOHN - night he enter the john and go to the farthest of the three urinal . a moment later , the man enter . he go to the nearest of the three urinal . the two man stare at the wall before they but the obvious tension between they render they both incapable of relieving themselves . pupkin glance over at the man 's face , then immediately turn back to the wall as the man turn to look at he . the man glance quickly at pupkin and then return to stare at the wall . pupkin sneak a furtive glance at the man 's penis . the man sneak a furtive glance at pupkin 's penis . CUT to : 12 int : the bar - night pupkin emerge from the john , follow a moment later by the man . they resume they seat at each end of the bar . a third man have come in and be seat midway between pupkin and the man . pupkin miss ! rita walk over reluctantly . pupkin listen to I for a second . rita I have work to do , rupert . pupkin just listen . I be at the start of something really big . I do not want to talk about it here but it 's go to happen soon and it 's go to be great -- for both of we . rita no kid ? pupkin so see that guy some other night . man rita ! rita turn to go . pupkin but I have not finish ! rita return to the man and pour he another beer . pupkin sit for a few moment , then downs he beer quickly . again , he raise he glass . pupkin miss ! miss ! the man lean over the bar and tell rita something . she open a bottle of beer and hand it to the man who slide it down the bar towards pupkin . as the beer reach the middle of the bar , the third man seat midway between pupkin and the man raise he beer glass to take a sip just as the slide beer bottle pass under he hand . the bottle stop right in front of pupkin who take it and slide it back with equal force . at this moment , the third man in the middle have finish he sip and have just place the third man 's glass on the counter . the beer bottle collide with the third man 's glass , create a mess . rita glare at pupkin as do the third man . pupkin shrug a apology and rita clean up the mess . rita ( to the third man ) I will get you another one . as rita clean up the mess and pour a fresh beer , the man walk down the bar towards pupkin . he lean over he and put a supposedly friendly paw on he shoulder . pupkin glance distastefully at the man 's hand on he . man ( to pupkin ) look , friend . I be try to have a nice civilized conversation with the young lady . be a good little lad , huh , and give we a break . pupkin look up at the man who pat he on the back in a gesture of fraudulent friendship and menace . pupkin burp . with a effort , the man control he temper and return to he seat at the end of the bar . pupkin instantly raise he glass . pupkin miss ! miss ! the man advance towards pupkin with another bottle of beer . pupkin watch passively as the man pour half the bottle into pupkin 's breast pocket and slam the half - empty bottle on the counter . the man walk down to the end of the counter where a smile rita be wait . pupkin again gulp he beer down . rita and the man stare at pupkin expect he to raise he glass and call for another beer . pupkin just sit there . after a few moment , rita and the man resume they conversation , but they keep glance over at pupkin , expect he to interrupt they with a call for beer at any moment . pupkin continue to sit there . just as rita and the man have settle back into they conversation , pupkin fall like a stone from the barstool onto the floor . he lie motionless . rita and the man look at pupkin for a moment while the handful of other patron glance at he and return to they drink . rita leave the bar and go to the rear of the restaurant , disappear into the kitchen . as she do , the man walk over to where pupkin be lie inert and prod he cruelly with he foot . man c'mon , schmuck , wake up so I can kick you ass outta here . the man turn to the kitchen to see if rita be return . as he do , pupkin carefully open one eye , grab a free chair from a nearby cocktail table , rise and bang the man smartly over the head . the man fall , out cold . pupkin straighten up quickly as the other patron look on with interest . pupkin brushes off he suit , which be blue , just like the man 's , and stand above the man just as the man stand above he , he back to kitchen . rita emerge from the kitchen with the owner , mr. nichol and a large black cook . rita ( to nichol ) he be make trouble one minute and the next he be on the floor . rita automatically reach out as she talk for what she think be the man 's arm . instead , pupkin turn around smile , leave she too startle to speak . nichol and the cook lift the man to he foot . cook okay , buddy , here we go . nichol and the cook lead the man , who be still groggy , out of the bar as rita continue to stare at pupkin with a mixture of curiosity and amusement . rita okay , tarzan . where do we eat tonight ? CUT to : 13 int : chinese restaurant on upper west side - night we be in the kitchen watch two dish be chop , shred and boil in deep fat . the activity be frantic . we follow the two dish as a waiter carry they from the kitchen to a booth where pupkin and rita be talk . it be a painfully plain restaurant , shape in a rectangle , with booth lining either side and a row of little table in between . at the back be the kitchen and two phone booth , face each other . a old chinese woman man the cash register by the door . the waiter set the dish down before rita and pupkin and clear a enormous plate of spare rib bone from rita 's place . rita hand the waiter she empty cocktail glass . rita and pupkin be face one another . rita another one , Chan . pupkin ( to waiter ) chopstick , please . the waiter nod and leave . rita so all this time you have be think about I , huh ? pupkin that 's right , rita . rita what kind of thing be you think ? pupkin drop he eye shyly . rita start laugh . rita oh , ho ! that kind of thing ! shame on you , rupert . pupkin rita , I assure you there be ... rita rupert pupkin be a unclean person ! pupkin come on , rita . people will hear . rita ( in a whisper ) rupert pupkin be a unclean person . oh , come on , rupert . relax . have a little fun . waiter arrive with rita 's drink and chopstick and a beer for pupkin . pupkin this be a very important evening to I , rita . rita do you know you nose wiggle when you talk ? pupkin it do ? rita yeah . just the tip . like a rabbit . ( pause ) hey , be we gonna eat or what ? I be starve . pupkin serve rita . rita it always look like they put worm in this stuff . pupkin just taste . rita taste . rita well , I guess it will not kill I . pupkin this be suppose to be the finest cantonese cuisine in the city . rita yeah ? then what happen to the tablecloth ? pupkin drop he eye . rita oh , do not worry about it . this be fine . ( she take a long drink ) I be have a good time . so you have be devote to I , huh ? pupkin I use to see you at the Garden every year . rita oh , the folly . that be the right name for them . how do you know which one be I ? we all look like chicken . what I mean be , we all look like the same chicken . I think it be gonna be rita keane in the Ice folly and I wind up look like henny penny . rita chuckle to herself . pupkin you just do not get the break . rita break , bullshit ! my parent do not have the money for the right coach . but what difference do it make ? she start laugh to herself . rita I remember once we be down in Atlanta and the ice machine break down . we do three hour of slush . everyone be fall on they face and hopping up with they arm open for a bow like the whole thing be plan . and the people eat it up . pupkin I like the show . rita yeah ? the folly ? you really must have be carry the torch . what do you think when I get marry ? you know I get marry ? pupkin I know it would not last . rita you think I should have marry you , instead , huh ? pupkin Peter drysdale ! really , rita ! rita if he would only be hit by a train . he be worth a helluva lot more dead than alive , I can tell you that . rita raise she glass to the waiter who be stand nearby , talk with another waiter . as she do , a nice - look young man sit in the middle aisle raise he glass of beer to she and drink it , as a kind of toast . rita smile briefly and she eye return to pupkin . the young man be seat behind pupkin , face rita . the waiter come over and collect the glass . throughout the rest of the scene , a subtle flirtation continue between rita and the young man . pupkin be you see anyone ? rita start for a moment , think pupkin have catch she look at the young man . rita what do you mean ? pupkin I want to know about the competition , that 's all . rita well , tomorrow night , I have get a date with Joe namath -- you know Joe . and Thursday --- let 's see -- pupkin I be serious , rita . rita ( imitate he ) I be serious , rita . ( in she own voice ) sure I see people . I be not a nun , rupert . I see a lot of people . pupkin anyone special ? rita ( chuckle ) you mean be I " go steady " ? rupert , I be thirty - one year old ! pupkin what about that guy tonight ? rita him ? pupkin why he ? rita what be I suppose to do , huh ? sit home watch tv ? he 's just some guy . he 's get he own aluminum siding business . he come into the city sometimes , that 's all . pupkin you do not go out with he for he money ?!? rita oh , horror ! look , rupert , what do you think they pay I in that dump ? ninety - five buck . and you do not get the world 's great tipper in there either . somebody have to take care of I . pupkin that 's what I want to talk to you about , rita . the waiter arrive with rita 's drink . pupkin who 's you favorite movie star ? rita you be , rupert . especially you nose . pupkin just tell I . rita be this some kind of game ? be you go to tell I something about my character ? pupkin you will see . give I he name . rita I can not think of anybody . pupkin you have get to have one , rita . everybody do . rita okay . okay . let 's see. ( pause ) Marilyn Monroe . pupkin slowly pull out a leather - bound book from he inside jacket pocket . rita oh , rupert ! be we go to exchange phone number !? pupkin expertly flip to a middle page in the book and , keep the book open , he finger point under a name , he turn the book to rita . rita that 's she name . pupkin her name ! she sign this herself , especially for I . rita start flipping through the book , curious about the other name . she be not pay any attention to what pupkin be say . pupkin she be not a great actress but she have a real gift for comedy . she die tragically , you know , alone , like so many of the world 's most beautiful woman . I be go to see that do not happen to you , rita . rita who 's this one ? pupkin check the book . pupkin burt reynold . rita oh yeah , the guy with no clothes . who 's this ? pupkin mel brook . rita and this ? pupkin Carol burnett . rita no kid . how about this ? pupkin glenda Jackson . rita never hear of she . pupkin ( point to other name ) and that 's Woody Allen and there 's Ernie kovac -- he 's dead -- and that one 's lauren bacall . rita you do not really know any of this people ? pupkin take a look at this . pupkin flip to one of the back page and show a name to rita . rita ( squinting ) I can not make it out . pupkin try. rita this be really weird handwrite ! exasperate , pupkin follow the name in question with he index finger . pupkin rooooper .... rita ( guess ) redford ! pupkin that 's Robert redford . rita it be ? pupkin no ! it 's ... it 's rupert pupkin pupkin tear out the page and hand it to she shyly . rita just stare at it and back at pupkin . pupkin do not lose it . it 's go to be worth something in a couple of week . rita start laugh . pupkin that 's what I have be try to tell you . thing be really break for I . I be tickete for stardom . rita laugh harder , despite effort to be serious . pupkin only a couple of hour ago , I be talk to Jerry langford , the Jerry langford . stop it , rita ! rita pull herself together for a moment . pupkin we be talk about my do my act on he show . rita ( suppress a smile ) you act ? pupkin get that guy you know from clifton out of you head right now . you be look at rupert pupkin , rita . rupert pupkin , the new King of Comedy . rita start laugh hysterically , in spite of herself . rita ( get a grip on herself ) I be sorry . pupkin why not I , rita ? a guy can always get what he want if he 's willing to pay the price . all it take be a little talent and sacrifice and the right break . if you have get a friend in the right place , that 's all it take . and that 's exactly what I have go for I right now . after all , crazier thing have happen . rita listen silently for a moment , then begin to giggle . as pupkin resume speak , we CUT between rita and the young man . they flirtation pick up steam . the young man raise he eyebrow as if to ask , " be you interested in I ? " she smile . all the while , pupkin rattles on . pupkin you just do not realize what a shot on the langford show can mean . that 's coast to coast , national tv , a bigger audience than the great comedian use to play to in a lifetime . a shot like that mean a free ticket on the comedy circuit -- flip Wilson one week , cosby the next , then sonny and cher or Carol burnett . and you have always get that other talk show to fall back on -- carson , griffin . and all that lead straight in one direction , rita -- Hollywood ! that 's when we really start live . how do this sound to you -- a beach house in malibu , right on the ocean . you will get a beautiful tan , believe I . and we would keep a suite at the sherry . that 's the only place to stay when you be big . we could get something on a top floor and look down on all we old friend in clifton and just laugh . how do that sound to you ? rita it sound wonderful , rupert , and I really hope you get what you want . but it 's get late and I be a work girl . you know what I mean ? the telephone at the back of the restaurant start ringing . a waiter in the background move slowly to answer it . pupkin you go to spend the rest of you life in that place ? be that what you really want , talk about nothing with nothing ? I think you want something a little better than that and that 's what I be offer . every King need a Queen , rita . I want you to be mine . what do you say ? rita you really want to help I out ? you see this . ( she point to she lower back molar ) a hundred seventy - five buck . if you could spare fifty , say , until next Monday , that would keep three people really happy -- I , my landlord and my dentist . during rita 's speech , the waiter have be work he way from the phone booth towards the front of the restaurant . waiter telephone for you , miss . rita ( look puzzle ) me? nobody know I be here . you do not tell anybody , do you ? pupkin no . rita ( get up ) what the hell 's go on ? camera follows rita , who walk to the back of the restaurant and pick up the dangle receiver in one of the two face booth , the other of which be occupy . 14 int : the phone booth - night rita hello ? man' voice hi. rita who be this ? man' voice who do you think it be ? I have be stare at you all evening . rita where be you ? the young man tap forcefully with he index finger on the glass door of he booth . rita , hearing the noise , turn around and find herself stare at the young man . she smile . CUT to : 15 int : the restaurant - night pupkin at the table look over the check . he get out a ten dollar bill . rita emerge from the booth in nervous high spirit . rita ( with repress gaiety ) you know who that be -- the bar . I have to go back to work . pupkin how do they know you be here ? rita ( gather she thing ) I guess I must have tell they . they need someone right away . pupkin ( accusingly ) you do not even care , do you ? rita oh , no . I do . really ! pupkin it 's not the bar , rita . do not tell I it 's the bar . rita do not be angry . it have nothing to do with you . I have a nice dinner , really . it be great see you again . pupkin stare at she icily . rita come on . let 's see a smile . pupkin why do not we finish the evening up at the bar together ? end the evening where it begin ? rita after what happen there ? pupkin well , I could at least drop you off ! rita ( hurriedly make up she face ) that 's okay . really . I can manage . why do not you just go to a movie or something ? do not let I spoil you evening . pupkin but that would not be right . rita get up and stand before pupkin . rita ( firmly ) look , rupert . it 's be a lot of fun , really . I will see you sometime , huh ? pupkin but rita ! rita start move towards the door . rita come on , rupert . I be in a hurry . rita march out with pupkin trail behind . he throw the check and the ten dollar bill at the cashier . 16 ext . the STREET - night camera follows pupkin as he streak out the door and jump into the adjacent doorway , immediately peer down the street . he spy the young man and rita walk about three quarter of a block down and follow they , keep out of sight . they turn occasionally to see if he 's around , then stop turn . they go around the corner and disappear into a large apartment building . pupkin rush after they , positioning himself across from the building . he search the window for some clue as to where they have go . finally a set of light go on on the fourth floor and a man 's shadow be see close two set of blind . CUT to : 17 int : the apartment build foyer - night pupkin enter the building and find himself in a small entranceway . the door to the lobby be lock . next to the door , on the wall , be list the tenant , they apartment number and a button next to each name . there be a intercom speaker . there be eight apartment list on the fourth floor , run from 4a to 4h . pupkin look they over , take a deep breath and push 4a . CUT to : 18 int : young man' apartment - night it be a extremely well - furnish studio apartment with all the requirement of a contemporary bachelor pad -- a imitation bearskin rug , nice bookshelve include a elaborate stereo system , recess lighting , include a soft spotlight on the queen-sized bed with its pseudo-satin cover . the young man and rita stand in the middle of the room . rita look about uneasily . no intercom buzzer sound . young man welcome to the pleasure dome . rita you do not kid around , do you ? young man ( smile ) I do alright . what 's you libation ? rita huh ? young man you potion . you drink . rita bourbon and soda . make it light . the young man go to he chic little bar and start fix rita a strong bourbon and soda . he also fix himself a strong scotch and water . as he work , they talk . young man you from the South ? rita I ? young man that 's what Southern people drink . lot of bourbon . rita what do people from Jersey drink ? young man I make it a point to study thing like that . it 's important to know people 's background , they taste , they culture . it give you a little head start . the young man turn from the bar and hand rita she drink . young man I be Chet . whom do I have the pleasure of serve ? rita I be Mary . young man please to meat you , Mary . ( he lift he glass ) to we evening . CUT to : 19 int : the entranceway - night pupkin stand before the intercom . woman' voice who ? pupkin rita keane . I want to talk to she . woman' voice rita keane ? pupkin that 's right . oh , never mind . I must have the wrong apartment . woman' voice there 's no rita here . pupkin I know . I know . I be sorry to bother you . woman' voice you must have the wrong apartment . pupkin I be sorry . pupkin push 4b . CUT to : 20 int : young man' apartment - night rita be seat on the couch . the young man be put a record on the phonograph . once again , the intercom do not sound . pupkin have draw another blank . young man Leisure be America 's fastest grow industry . do you know that ? think about it . short work week , more vacation . people need something to do with all that time and that 's where I come in . Leisure village , Inc . we buy land a hour or so outside you metropolitan center . we set up the bungalow , dig some lake , lay out a golf course , you know , fix the whole place up so it 's usable . then young , personable guy like I show the people around . it the guy seem tight , we point out the investment factor . if he 's a swinger , well , the bungalow be very private . if he 's a sport nut , we talk up ski and fishing and tennis . the phonograph start play burt bachrach . young man what 's you work , Mary ? the young man walk back to she and stand over she . rita me. I fly for National . young man ( delighted ) no kid ? rita what 's that smell ? young man sandalwood incense . it seem very you . CUT to : 21 int : the entranceway - night pupkin yell into the intercom . pupkin I say I be sorry ! we hear the intercom at the other end click off . pupkin pause a moment and push 4c . CUT to : 22 int : young man' apartment - night rita and the young man be seat on the couch . still no buzzer . as the young man talk , rita be stare at a woman 's shoe lie underneath a small table that hold a lamp . young man do you know that you have remarkable hair ? rita yeah ? you know what ? I feel like go to a movie . young man now ? rita sure . why not ? it 's only twenty of ten . we can make a ten o'clock show . the young man take she hand and look deep into she eye . young man why do not we make we own movie ? rita no . I do not think so . young man do not be so uptight . give it a chance . rita I want to go to the movie , that 's all . young man we can go to the movie later . rita pull she hand away . rita let 's stop play game , okay . I be not a kid . young man you have something against pleasure ? rita I be just not interested in be tonight 's ritual sacrifice , okay ? young man shall I freshen up you drink ? rita shake she head . young man ( grow irritate ) what exactly do you think we be go to do up here ? CUT to : 23 int : the entranceway - night pupkin push 4d and wait . man' voice yeah ? CUT to : 24 int : young man' apartment - night the young man be practically sit on rita 's lap . he have rita back up against the end of the couch . young man look , if you have get sexual problem let 's talk about they . it help clear the air . rita there 's nothing wrong with I . young man then it 's I ? rita I do not even know you . young man then find out . sex be a great way of break down barrier . rita I do not think so . young man I be sure this could lead to something beautiful . the young man kiss rita roughly . young man passive resistance , huh ? rita let 's just write this thing off as a big mistake . what do you say ? young man what 's wrong with I ? rita nothing . I just want to go home . young man I can see I be not turn you on . rita ( smile ) you notice that , huh ? young man come on . what 's wrong with I ? rita you really want to know ? young man yeah . rita how can I put it ? well , it 's like you have get you fly open and you tongue hang out . CUT to : 25 int : the entranceway - night pupkin , grow more frantic , push 4e . CUT to : 26 int : young ' man' apartment - night the young man be all over rita . no buzzer sound . young man I be really a very sensitive person . rita come on . get offa I . young man sometimes I write poetry . rita pull herself away . rita no ! young man so you wanna play hard to get , huh ? the young man grab she . CUT to : 27 int : the entranceway - night pupkin , even more desperate , push 4f . old lady voice '' que es , por favor ? CUT to : 28 int : young man' apartment - night the young man be strong - arming rita who be beginning to get frighten . rita come on . let 's talk this over . young man I admire you very much . I respect you , Mary . rita ( she eye beginning to fill with terror ) you be hurt I . young man I be only do what you want . rita ( plead , on the verge of tear ) oh , please . CUT to : 29 int : the entranceway - night pupkin , frantic , push 4G . CUT to : 30 int : the young man' apartment - night the young man have rita securely pin and be start to undo she blouse . she be desperate . young man afterwards , you will thank I . the buzzer sound with great force . it be one , long , protract blast that break the young man 's concentration . rita take advantage of the distraction to grab she bag and rush out as the buzzer continue to sound . CUT to : 31 int : the entranceway - night pupkin still have he finger on 4G as rita rush out the exit door next to the elevator and come rush towards he . she be numb and emotionally exhaust . pupkin rita ! rita ( in desperation ) what do you want ? rita keep walk out of the entranceway and onto the street . pupkin be at she side . pupkin do not be angry with I . I be worried about you , that 's all . rita just go home and leave I alone . pupkin take off he jacket and put if around rita 's shoulder . pupkin ( quietly ) here . you will need this . it 's get chilly . rita I be so bad . I be such a dummy . pupkin do not say that , rita . everyone do crazy thing . rita not all the time . pupkin I will get we a cab . pupkin rush into the street and hail a cab . CUT to : 32 ext : west 56th STREET between eighth and ninth avenue - night we see the taxi pull up in front of one of that middle - class tenement -- a fairly well - preserve six - story building with a fire escape run up the front . pupkin help rita out of the taxi . a dime bounce at pupkin 's foot . cab driver' voice stuff it , big spender ! pupkin pay no attention . he walk rita to she front stoop . rita well , I guess you be entitle to come up for coffee . pupkin that 's okay , rita . you be tired and I know I be not always the easiest guy to be with . there be a pause . rita ( puzzle ) what do you want , rupert ? pupkin ( softly ) you do not understand anything , do you ? I love you , rita . I want to change you life ... if you will only give I a chance . rita just shake she head sadly . pupkin look , what if I arrange it so you could meet Jerry ? you would have to believe I if you hear it from he . rita there 's no ... pupkin I will arrange that , rita . we will all go out to dinner some night or maybe out to he place , on a weekend . you will see . the trouble with you be you have get no faith . now go to bed and get a good rest and I will see you in a couple of day . pupkin give rita a very gentle , sweet kiss on the forehead . pupkin ( gently ) now run along in . rita just stare at he . pupkin go on . rita turn slowly and go in . she look back . pupkin be go . fade to : 33 ext : madison avenue and 48th STREET - day pupkin carry a large manila folder into 424 madison . as usual , he be impeccably dress . CUT to : 34 int : office of koerner -liberman TRAVEL - day it be a large corner office , break up by glass divider . a receptionist sit at a desk face the door . pupkin enter . receptionist yes . pupkin hand the receptionist the package . pupkin I need somebody to sign . you can sign anything you want -- cary grant , Art carney , I do not care . the receptionist sign . pupkin would you mind very much if I use you phone ? it 's local . receptionist do not be , long . dial nine . pupkin take out a little piece of paper from he suit pocket and dial a number . pupkin ( tense , nervous ) May I speak to Jerry langford , please ? thanks ... Jerry langford , please . rupert pupkin ... Jerry know . I be call at he request ... I see . that 's alright . I will call he again . receptionist that 's not Jerry langford , the ... pupkin ( smile proudly ) that 's right . thanks for you phone . CUT to : 35 ext : time square - day pupkin approach Times Square phone booth . he rest a few folder on a trash basket just outside the booth . he enter the booth and dial . pupkin Jerry langford , please ... May I speak to Jerry langford , please ... rupert pupkin , I call earlier ... I see . how long do you expect that will last ? oh , fine . I be at ( pupkin check the number on the phone ) ch 4 - 1482 ... I will be here for another half hour , forty - five minute . please be sure he get my message . thanks . pupkin hang up . CUT to : 36 ext : time square - day a shot of the clock on the ally Chemical Building . it read 10:10 . a nearby record store start blast music into the street through a loudspeaker . the music serve as background for a montage in which we CUT between the clock , which move in bite towards 11:30 to Broadway as it look to pupkin in the booth -- that cavalcade of hustler , whore , housewive , kid , weirdo and work people ; and shot of various people wait to use the phone -- they impatience , anger , disgust . each time one of they arrive , pupkin pretend to thumb through the phone book and dial a number . we watch he chat with animation until the wait party leave . then we see he push the coin return to retrieve he dime . finally , pupkin take a last look at the clock . we see that it read 11:30 . he leave the booth and go to the trash basket . his package have be swipe . CUT to : 37 ext : a upper broadway high -rise office build - day we see pupkin enter . he be watch by a plain girl of about twenty in a black raincoat and a floppy black hat whom we recognize as marsha . CUT to : 38 int : a corridor in the high - rise office build - day pupkin emerge from the elevator and walk down the corridor look for the door the Jerry langford show office . he finally find it and enter . CUT to : 39 int : the reception area of the jerry langford show office - day a bored , plump , middle - age receptionist sit behind a large desk that hold a phone receiver connect to a small switchboard . pupkin present himself . receptionist yes sir ? pupkin Mr. langford , please . receptionist you name ? pupkin pupkin . rupert pupkin . the receptionist put a call through . Wide -ey , pupkin observe the blow-up of langford talk with various celebrity . fade to : 40 int : a television studio - day langford be seat at he desk on stage and pupkin be he guest . we see television camera and in the background , the control room . pupkin you know the secret of dieting , Jerry ? grapefruit . it 's good for you . it 's fill . and it 's low in calory . langford ( to the camera ) take note of that , you lady . pupkin as a matter of fact , yesterday I go to the outdoor market near where I live and I buy twenty grapefruit . the grocer look at I and say , " what be you gonna do with all that ? " so I bent over and tell he ( in a confidential tone ) " I be gonna take them back to Florida and set them free ! " langford and the audience laugh heartily . fade to : 41 int : the reception area -- day receptionist ( hold the phone and talk to pupkin ) I be sorry , Mr. pupkin , but Mr. langford 's secretary have no record of any appointment . pupkin pardon I ? receptionist Mr. langford 's secretary have no record of any appointment . pupkin well , technically speak , I do not actually have a appointment . Jerry ask I to call he today and when I could not get through , I think ... as pupkin talk , a visitor have enter and stand behind he wait for the receptionist 's attention . receptionist I see . ( into the phone ) he say Mr. langford ask he to call . ( to pupkin ) Mr. langford 's secretary want to know what this be in reference to . the receptionist glance past pupkin to the visitor wait . receptionist ( to pupkin ) would you mind talk to she yourself ? the receptionist hand the phone to pupkin and occupy herself with the visitor . pupkin hello ? ... Jerry and I discuss my be on the show last night and he tell I to call ... no . I do not mind . pupkin hand the phone back to the receptionist . pupkin I be suppose to wait . the receptionist listen to the phone for a moment and then hang up . the visitor have just disappear into the back office . pupkin stand there , smile politely at the receptionist who return a professional smile . pupkin who be that gentleman ? ( pupkin indicate with a glance to the entrance to the back office that he be refer to the visitor ) receptionist Mr. gangemi . pupkin draw a complete blank but want to appear knowledgeable . pupkin oh , I see . Mr. gangemi . receptionist he take care of we air conditioning . cathy long emerge from the back office . she be a tall , modishly - dress , attractive woman in she early thirty . cathy long uh ... Mr. pupkin ? pupkin yes ? cathy long I be Cathy Long . pupkin I be Mr. pupkin . cathy long can I help you ? pupkin I be sorry , but you be ? cathy long I be bert Thomas ' assistant . pupkin bert Thomas ? cathy long he 's we executive producer . pupkin oh , yes . I be sure he be . but , you see , I have already talk directly with Jerry about my be on the show and he tell I to get in touch with he . I be just here to follow up on that . cathy long what do you do , Mr. pupkin ? pupkin stand - up comedy . cathy long Fine . where be you work ? pupkin well , right now I be develop new material . cathy long I see . well , as soon as you start perform again , let we know where you be and I will send my assistant down to check you out . pupkin sure. sure . but that 's not necessary , miss Long . Jerry and I already go over all this . cathy long do Jerry know you work ? pupkin ( nodd ) yes . I do not think he do . cathy long you do not happen to have a tape or a demo that we might listen to ? pupkin oh , sure . I have get lot of tape . that 's no problem . cathy long good . why do not you just send one to we and I assure you we will listen to it promptly . pupkin great . I will do that . I can see that would be a lot easier for Jerry . thanks a lot , miss Long . cathy long do not mention it , Mr. pupkin . now , if you would excuse I ... pupkin sure. sure . thanks again . cathy long leave . pupkin , leave stand there , smile at the receptionist who return another professional smile . pupkin ( to the receptionist ) thanks . CUT to : 42 ext : the upper -broadway high -rise office build - day pupkin come out of the building elate . he be immediately confront by marsha . pupkin continue to walk as marsha skip beside he . marsha I have get to speak to you for a minute . I be Marsha . pupkin yeah . I know . marsha look . do Jerry say anything about I last night ? pupkin I be really in a hurry , Marsha ... marsha be he angry ? ... in the car last night , I see you . do he talk about I ? pupkin I think that be you . that be some stunt . marsha what do he say ? pupkin we do not talk about you . marsha you know Jerry ? pupkin yeah . marsha thrust a envelope into pupkin 's hand . marsha give he this for I . pupkin why do not you ... marsha because I can not ! please . I need you help . you will be my friend forever . come on . I will buy you something . what do you want ? she take a great messy bunch of bill out of she raincoat pocket and jam they into pupkin 's hand . pupkin I do not want this . marsha take it . I can get all I want . pupkin shrug and pocket the money . pupkin okay . I will try . marsha ( turn cold ) do not try . do it. remember . we just make a deal . pupkin stare at the envelope . marsha and do not open it . it 's private . pupkin okay . okay . marsha how soon can you get it to he ? pupkin I do not know . couple a day . marsha ( menacingly ) you would better . marsha turn and walk in the direction from which they come . camera follows pupkin who walk on for a block or so , then open the envelope . it contain a set of apartment key , a scrap of hand - knitted woolen cloth and a note in lipstick that read : " I have make you a sweater , honey . come try it on . I miss you . Love , M. 74 East 83rd Street , apartment 2b ! " he take out the money marsha give he . there be wad of ten , twenty and fifty with a sprinkle of fives and one . CUT to : 44 ext : a time square HOTEL - day the hotel be just one step up from a flophouse . we see pupkin enter . CUT to : 45 int : pupkin be room - day pupkin enter . we see that it be a small room , furnish by the hotel in the plainest way . nicely - do home -made collage of show business figure decorate the drab green wall . the room be neat and clean . pupkin go directly to a plain table which hold two tape recorder -- one a small cassette the other a large table tape recorder . he pick up the microphone of the larger one and speak into it . pupkin test . test . test . in the follow montage , we hear in the background the replay of he " testing , testing testing " and various other noise -- a bit of he voice tape , a burst of laughter , the squeal of a tape recorder send fast - forward , a sudden burst of applause , a scrap of theme music . at the same time , the camera pan about the room . we look at the collage which include all the obvious show business figure , with a heavy emphasis on comedian from chaplin and keaton to sid caesar and Woody Allen . the collage also include such varied figure as Jimmy Carter , Julia child , Tom seaver , David brinkley , Muhammad Ali , clifford Irving , walter cronkite and Mark spitz . there be a special Kennedy section -- John f. and Bobby frame in black , Jackie in mourn and a picture of teddy . there be also a trio of assassin -- sirhan , oswald and James Earl Ray . there be also a talk show collage with a photo of langford in the center like a sun surround by Snyder , Walters , carson and griffin . one bookshelf hold a veritable library of comedy -- joke book , biography of comedian , treasury of american humor . another shelf hold score of tape in they own little box , each one neatly mark , i.e. , " langford monologue : 7/5/72 to 9/9/72 . " " misc . monologue 6/13/68 to 8/1/69 . " CUT to : pupkin sit before the tape recorder lose in think . finally , he start the larger recorder and lift the mike . pupkin first , miss Long . thanks very much for you help at the office and for pass this along to Jerry . I appreciate it more than you know . pupkin stop the tape recorder and think again for a few beat . he then start the large recorder . pupkin now , Jerry . before I begin , I just want to thank you for listen to this material and for the opportunity that you have give I . you know , lot of people think that guy like you , you know , people who have make it , lose they feel for struggle young talent such as myself . but now I know from experience that that people be just cynic , embitter by they own failure . I know , Jerry , that you be as human as the rest of we , if not more so . ( pause ) oh well , I guess there 's no point go on about it . you know how I feel . so let 's get on with the show . the best of rupert pupkin ! I have sketch out this little introduction in order to save you a little time . so close you eye and imagine it 's exactly six o'clock . you be stand in the wing and we hear Rick Ross and the orchestra strike up you theme song . pupkin push a button on the cassette and we hear the theme song of the Jerry langford show , follow by the voice of bert canter , the announcer . bert canter' voice and now , direct from New York , it 's the Jerry langford show ! tonight , with Jerry 's special guest ... pupkin deftly shut off the cassette and substitute he own voice for that of canter 's . the large tape recorder keep roll . pupkin ... the comedy find of the year make he television debut , rupert pupkin , the King of Comedy ! pupkin rapidly race the cassette tape forward , then push down the " play " button . we hear a burst of thunder applause . pupkin let the applause run for a while and then shut it off . the large recorder keep roll . pupkin now you come on , Jerry , and do you monologue . then , when the time come , this be how I see you introduce I . you will say something like this . " lady and gentlemen we be go to do something a little bit different tonight . it be not often that you can call someone a sure thing in the entertainment business . after all , the verdict be always in you hand . but I think after you have meet my next guest , that you will agree with I that he 's destine for greatness . so , now , will you please give you warmest welcome to the newest King of Comedy , rupert pupkin ! !! " pupkin push the cassette and we hear another enormous burst of applause . pupkin let it run , listen intently . he stand up and face a wall of he room , still hold the microphone . we see that the wall be cover by a huge blow - up of a audience laugh and applaud . CUT to : 45 int : the langford television studio - night we see a real audience laugh and applaud . CUT to : pupkin stride triumphantly onto the stage , nodd to acknowledge the applause . he stop center stage as the television camera maneuver about he . CUT to : a shot of the " applause " sign flash , then stop . still , the applause go on . CUT to : pupkin raise he hand to quiet the audience . after a few moment the applause die down , except for a pair of hand in the center of the orchestra . pupkin peer out to see who be still applaud . CUT to : rita , in the middle of the audience , applaud enthusiastically . CUT to : pupkin on stage . pupkin give rita a special smile and nod . pupkin will somebody tell that lovely lady that the applause sign be off . the audience laugh . CUT to : 46 int : pupkin be room - day pupkin stand face the " audience " still hold the mike . pupkin that 's a possible introduction , Jerry . now let 's move on to my act . CUT to : 47 int : the reception area of the langford show - day pupkin be pace . he be wear another suit , this one a broad- lapel - grey . he be freshly shave , be hair neatly comb , he shoe carry a bright shine . he clutches a small flat box , neatly wrap with the word ' for jerry langford " write clearly across the top in large print . cathy long emerge from one of the back corridor into the reception area . cathy long yes ? pupkin ( suddenly a bit shy ) I do not want to take any chance with this ... uh ... miss Long , so I ... uh ... think I would just bring it here myself . he hand cathy long the package as though it contain nitroglycerine . cathy long we talk about this this morning , do we , Mr. ... ? pupkin pupkin . rupert pupkin . cathy long oh , yes . it 's be some day . ( pause ) well , I certainly appreciate you bring this over , Mr. pupkin , and we will listen to it as soon as possible . pupkin Fine . er ... you do not have any idea how soon that might be ? cathy long well , you can try check with we tomorrow . we might know something by then . otherwise , it will have to be Monday . pupkin what if I just sort of wait around here today , just in case ? I will stay out of the way . cathy long you would just be waste you time , Mr. pupkin . we will not know anything until tomorrow at the earliest . pupkin oh , I would not consider it a waste of time at all . I would be glad to do it . cathy long look , why do not you try we tomorrow . okay ? pupkin tomorrow ? ... right . I will do that . thanks a lot , miss Long . and thank Jerry . cathy long smile at pupkin and go , leave pupkin stare at a picture of langford on the wall . we fix on langford a moment and pull back to see langford in what pupkin would imagine he office to be . 48 int : a office - day a large , corner office furnish in royal red , with high ceiling and a huge desk . potte palm and hydrangeas rest on a marble floor . langford be move about restlessly , clutching pupkin 's tape in one hand and wave it about . pupkin be seat on a comfortable couch . langford dynamite ! this be dynamite ! pupkin ( shyly ) you think so , Jerry ? langford look , I have be at this for fifteen year , rupert , and I have not come up with anything like this -- not I , not any of my writer . pupkin ( smile with obvious pleasure ) well , I be glad you like it , Jerry . langford tell I something , rube. ( pause ) how do you do it ? I be not ask to use the material myself . I just want to know how you ( langford wave he arm in a gesture of frustration ) how you do it . pupkin well , I do not know if I can explain it , really . langford come on . try , rube . pupkin well , it just sort of come . I think about my life , see , mainly about the worst part , all the awful thing , and I just try to see they in a funny light . that 's all . langford ( eagerly ) be that what you do ? the worst part , and then you look at they in a funny light ? be that what you do ? pupkin more or less . it 's hard to describe how its happen . langford but that 's just it , rube . it do not happen for I . why do you think the show be in so much trouble ? by the time I have do my monologue , everyone have switch to carson . maybe if you do a little write ... ? pupkin sure , Jerry , I would do anything I could to help out . langford you would ? great . why do not you come out to my place this weekend and we will hash it out . I be have a few of my friend but we should be able to get a little work in . pupkin would you mind if I bring someone ? langford ( smile ) a girl , rube ? pupkin a very special girl , Jerry . langford I would love to meet she . 49 the high -rise office build on upper broadway - day pupkin emerge , lose in think . suddenly he notice marsha wait nearby . she do not see pupkin . he sneak off . CUT to : 50 ext : U.N. plaza - day it be a bright morning . langford , attempt to camouflage himself by wear a cap over he eye and he trench coat collar turn up , he eye hide behind dark glass , walk out of the building . a doorman be stand by the door . doorman cab , Jerry ? langford that 's alright , thanks . we follow langford as he walk . some people do not notice . other stare but leave he alone , a few comment to they companion and point at he . a cab driver pull alongside . driver hey , Jerry . my brother can sing and juggle at the same time . how about puttin ' he on you show ? langford keep walk . driver how about it , Jerry ? langford sorry , I be off duty . CUT to : 51 ext . a manhattan STREET - day langford stand at the corner , next to a middle - age couple . woman you be Jerry !! langford pull he cap a little more tightly around he eye . woman you know something . ( she giggle ) I undress in front of you every night and Larry here do not mind at all . larry I can not get anything start with she until you be off the air . you show be ruin my sex life , Jerry . langford well then , you will just have to put on a better show than I do . CUT to : 52 ext : broadway , a few block south of langford office - day we watch langford continue to walk , feel what it be to be a celebrity out in public . after a few beat , we CUT to : 53 ext : broadway - day we see marsha trail langford . langford notice she and start walk quickly . marsha walk quickly . langford start jogging . marsha start jogging . finally , langford break into a sprint . marsha run after he . langford disappear into he office building . marsha arrive several second later . marsha Jerry ! God damnit ! just as marsha turn around , pupkin , unaware of she , walk cheerfully into the building . CUT to : 54 int : reception area of jerry langford show office - day pupkin enter . the same middle - age , plump receptionist be seat behind the desk . receptionist yes , sir ? ( recognize he ) oh , hi. pupkin hi. how be you ? receptionist not bad . pupkin I be fine . receptionist can I help you ? pupkin I would like to see Jerry , please . receptionist you be ... ? pupkin Mr. pupkin . receptionist just a minute . the receptionist dial a number . receptionist Mr. pupkin be here ... that 's right ... ( to pupkin ) she will be with you in a minute . pupkin who ? receptionist miss Long . pupkin but I want to see Jerry . receptionist Mr. langford 's not in . miss Long will take care of you . pupkin alright . pupkin pace for a few beat . he smile at the receptionist . a beat later , cathy long come out , carry the tape in its box . cathy long Mr. pupkin ? pupkin how be you today ? cathy long Fine , Mr. pupkin . thank you for you tape . we listen to it with great interest . and , frankly , Mr. pupkin , we see a lot of good thing in what you be do . we feel you have good potential . very good potential . pupkin ( smile ) thanks . cathy long that 's why I will be honest with you , Mr. pupkin ... pupkin yes ? cathy long we just do not think you be ready yet . pupkin ( baffle ) not ready ? cathy long well , we just do not feel right now that you be right for Jerry . pupkin ( rapidly , half - listen ) right for Jerry . sure . cathy long some of the material ... some of the one-liner , for instance ... pupkin yes ? cathy long ... be not very strong . pupkin you do not care for some of the joke , be that it ? cathy long that "s right . pupkin good. good . I can take care of that right way . thanks . just tell I the one you think should go . that would be a big help . ( to the receptionist ) this be great . ( to cathy long ) which one ? cathy long well , it 's not just that , Mr. pupkin . you see , Jerry like to panel he guest , you know , chat with they afterwards . pupkin sure. sure . cathy long and frankly , we just do not feel you have get very much to talk about right now . pupkin but I have get my whole life to talk about ! cathy long which be interesting to you , I be sure and to you wife ... and to a few friend . but we feel that you should keep develop you act . test it in some live situation . there be a number of club in the city you can try . and after a reasonable period , get in touch with we again and we will be glad to send someone down to check out you progress . pupkin stare at she for a few moment as the tension grow . pupkin May I ask you a question , miss Long ? cathy long of course . pupkin be you speak for Jerry ? cathy long let 's put it this way , Mr. pupkin . Mr. langford have complete faith in we judgment . pupkin I be sorry to have to say this , miss Long , and I certainly do not want you to take it personally , but I have to tell you that I do not ... I do not have faith in you judgment . cathy long well , I be sorry you feel that way , Mr. pupkin . but I be afraid there 's nothing that can be do about that . pupkin no ... no ... I be afraid I will have to disagree with you again . cathy long ( with strain politeness ) that 's you privilege , Mr. pupkin . now , if you will excuse I , please , I have some thing to do . I be sorry the news be not better . cathy long turn to go . pupkin miss Long ? cathy long turn back . pupkin when be you expect Jerry in ? cathy long he will not be in until very late this afternoon . pupkin that 's fine . thank you . cathy long stare at pupkin for a moment , glance at the receptionist and then go . pupkin take a seat in the reception area . he smile once more at the receptionist . the receptionist drop she eye . a few beat go by . cathy long pass by the entranceway and glance at pupkin . pupkin continue sit there . receptionist be there anyone else you would like to see ? pupkin that 's alright . I be happy just wait . a few beat pass in silence . receptionist well , would you mind wait outside , please , Mr. pupkin ? this be a reception area , not a wait room . pupkin I understand . pupkin remain seat . a few more moment pass . several office personnel pass by the entranceway and glance at pupkin . after a few more beat , a large , plainly - dress man in he mid-fifty emerge from the back office . he go over to pupkin , who stand . official Mr. pupkin ? I be Raymond wirtz , in charge of security for the langford organization . wirtz put he arm on pupkin 's shoulder and , as the follow dialogue unfold lead he out the door , down the corridor and into the elevator . wirtz now I think you understand that we have certain rule here that be essential to the smooth function of we operation . pupkin sure. sure . wirtz and that without this rule , we really would not be able to function at we best . you follow my point ? pupkin nod . wirtz now one of this rule be that only authorize personnel and that have official business with we organization be permit on we premise . and that 's why I be ask you , Mr. pupkin , to cooperate with we . they have reach the elevator and wirtz have push the button . pupkin you want I to leave the building . wirtz that 's right . it 's nothing personal , Mr. pupkin . just do my job . the elevator arrive . wirtz signal with he head that pupkin should enter . pupkin get in . wirtz have a pleasant day . CUT to : 55 ext : STREET outside the langford build - day pupkin come out and take up a position outside the door , prepare to wait for langford . marsha see he and come over to he . marsha well , do you give it to he ? pupkin ( out of a daze ) huh ? marsha do you get my letter to he ? pupkin he 's not in there . marsha look , if you do not want to give it he , okay . I will get somebody else . but do not try to con I . pupkin I tell you I would try and I will . I be go to wait for he right here . marsha give I the envelope , huh ? pupkin sure , but ... marsha I see he go in myself ! pupkin who ? marsha Jerry ! pupkin but they say he be not in . marsha just give I the envelope . pupkin when do he go in ? marsha ten minute ago ! that 's when . pupkin you sure ? marsha look , I see he my ... pupkin and he have not come out ? marsha I have be stand right here . now how about it ? pupkin turn and go back into the building . marsha yell after he . marsha I be stay right here ! CUT to : 56 int : reception area of the jerry langford office pupkin enter briskly and go up to the receptionist . pupkin ( with authority ) tell Jerry langford I be here , please . receptionist I be sorry , sir . Mr. langford 's not in . pupkin I happen to know he be . so would you please tell he I be here . receptionist I be sorry . he 's not in . pupkin you be put you job on the line , lady . the receptionist start make a call inside . pupkin glance at she and walk right in to the inner corridor . he start peer into the open door of the office that line the corridor . the whole place be like a gigantic maze . office personnel pass by he , take no notice of he . he continue wander around desperately , completely lose . a few beat later , he spot wirtz lead a pair of security guard . pupkin keep peer into office quickly as he flee . the guard and wirtz finally catch up to pupkin at the steno pool and , after a brief chase around the pool , they catch pupkin and subdue he . they start drag he out past the eye of the office personnel . pupkin ( call as he be drag ) Jerry ! Jerry ! ( to wirtz ) you be go the have a hell of a lot of explain to do ! ( call ) Jerry ! wirtz you have you warning , Mr. krupkin . pupkin Jerry ! help I . Jerry ! CUT to : a close - up of pupkin as he be drag out . pupkin ( scream ) Jerry ! CUT to : 57 ext : langford build lobby and exit - day we watch the security guard and wirtz pitch pupkin out into the street . wirtz if we see you face again , Mr. pupkin , we will call the police . pupkin start look for a new job ! marsha come straight up to pupkin who be brush himself off . his eye be glaze and distant . marsha well ? pupkin huh ? marsha do he have it ? pupkin ( abstractedly ) do not worry . I will get it to he . marsha yeah ? when ? there be a pause . pupkin this weekend . he ask I to go out there , to he house . CUT to : 58 the bar-restaurant where rita work - day pupkin enter the bar-restaurant . through the window we see he talk to rita . he be voluble , animated . she look skeptical , with a wry smile on she face . finally we watch he extract a answer from she . she shrug , smile and say yes . he come walk out the door , he hound expression soften by a smile . CUT to : 59 int : the fitting area of a men' store - day we watch pupkin get fitte in a new suit , attend by a salesman and a tailor . CUT to : 60 int : luggage shop - day we watch pupkin buy a suitcase . CUT to : 61 int : cartier' jeweler - day we watch pupkin peruse the beautiful diamond , sapphire , and emerald ring and we take a few moment to pan over this beautiful jewel as he see they . finally , he pick out a splendid ring with a single , middle - size sapphire and hand a surprised saleslady the money in cash . CUT to : 62 int : suburban train - day pupkin and rita be seat side by side . since it be Saturday morning , the train be sparsely populate . a conductor have just finish take pupkin 's ticket . rita be edgy . pupkin be strangely calm and a little remote . he be wear he new suit . rita what be we go to do ? pupkin ( patiently ) look , I tell you , I have get some work to discuss with he . that 's all . rita but what about I ? pupkin you be with I . rita that 's fine , but while you two be talk , what be I go to do ? pupkin you can chat with the other guest . rita I be sure they will be thrilled hearing about the wonderful world of draft beer . ( pause ) let 's tell them I be a model , okay ? pupkin what ? rita if they ask what I do , let 's just say I model . you do not mind pretend just a little , do you ? pupkin if it make you feel better . there be a pause . rita this be a gas ! too bad nobody will believe it . ( pause ) after you guy be do work , what happen ? be we go out someplace , or what ? pupkin I be sure Jerry have something arrange . there be another pause . rita what do this people do for fun ? do they party or do freaky thing or just get drunk or ... I mean , what do they do ? pupkin I guess they just sit around and talk and enjoy each other 's company , like anybody else . rita talk ?!? what can you talk about for three or four hour ?! pupkin what do you mean ? they have get plenty to talk about . they do thing . all kind of interesting thing happen to they and then they talk about they . what do you think Jerry 's show be all about ? rita yeah , a cocktail party with no drink . that 's what all that show be . at least they help you get to sleep . there be a pause . rita ( glumly ) Boy , this be go to be some great weekend . I think we be gonna have some fun . pupkin ( smile ) just take it easy , rita . everything 's go to be fine . we move in for a close - up of pupkin who be fade out . fade to : 63 ext : a neo-classical mansion it be a large white house with colonial column set in the middle of a palatial estate whose roll lawn be punctuate with fine old tree . we circle around to the back where langford , a handful of he friend ( which can be familiar television celebrity ) and pupkin and rita be just finish a lavish lunch on the patio . a pair of servant be clear the table and serve the coffee and desert as the scene unfold . as we arrive , we hear a loud burst of laughter . pupkin be regaling the company with storey . pupkin oh , you have no idea how bad it 's get in New York . now the mugger be so efficient that , each time they jump you , they take you name and address and put you on a mailing list . ( the company chuckle ) and once you be on the list , you be in real trouble , like this friend of mine who be mug thirty - two time on he way home from work . ( a little laughter from the company ) a servant place the desert , a little , elegant tart , in front of pupkin and rita . pupkin ( to servant ) thanks . the servant smile . as pupkin continue he story , he glance occasionally at rita who have begin to nibble at she tart . pupkin also glance conspiratorially at langford who smile back . pupkin so what my friend do be get himself a dog , one of that huge german shepherd . one night , he 's walk the dog in Central Park when he hear this voice behind he . ( in a german accent ) okay , Harry , drop you vallet and keep you hantz over you head or I bite you little fanny off . the company break up . one guest ( to langford ) look like you have find yourself a winner , Jerry . langford ( look at pupkin ) he 's the one who find himself a winner . rita look up , smile and blushes . the rest of the company smile benignly and grow attentive as rita return to eat she tart . suddenly she bite down on something hard . she fish it out of she mouth and look at it . the company giggle . it be the ring pupkin purchase at cartier 's . the company applaud lightly and laugh . langford lift he wine glass . langford to rita and rupert -- a short engagement and a long , happy marriage . the company drink with murmur of " hear ! hear ! " rita and pupkin beam . rita look lovingly at pupkin . a second guest ( the pupkin ) have you set a date ? pupkin ( look pointedly at langford ) oh , yes . a third guest I hope we be all invite . pupkin everyone 's invite . CUT to : 64 int : the langford television studio the theater be pack . World Series bunt hang from the balcony and the front of the stage . we hear rick ross and the orchestra strike up mendelssohn 's wedding March . down one aisle walk rita , accompany by the man whom pupkin hit over the head at the bar . down the other aisle march pupkin , accompany by langford . the audience cheer wildly . the two couple walk to the stage where a white - haire official await they . bert canter stand at he side . pupkin and rita disengage from they escort and stand before the official . the music stop and the audience grow quiet . official we be meet here in this extraordinary circumstance to join this man and this woman in holy wedlock . but , before we begin , let I voice a personal word of thanks to you , rupert and to you , rita , for choose I to perform this prestigious ceremony . because we be on prime time , I be go to discard my customary remark in favor of a few personal reflection . when I be principal at clifton High and this two be student , I have very little faith that rupert here would amount to very much . but like he teacher and he fellow student , I underestimate this fine young man . some say that this misjudgment be directly tie to my recent dismissal as head of the clifton School system . but let I take this opportunity to set the record straight . know that rupert and rita here be most certainly destine for a great career and a lifetime of happiness , I voluntarily step down . I would only here add my own wish to that of million of viewer for they continue health , wealth and boundless success . the official look quickly past rita and pupkin . official we will be back to marry they in a minute , right after this word . fade to : 65 int : the train - day pupkin and rita be seat as they be . we hear the conductor call . conductor' voice greenwich . greenwich next stop . greenwich . pupkin and rita grab they small suitcase and quickly move down the aisle towards the door . CUT to : 66 int : a suburban taxi - day rita be peer out the window . pupkin be still lose in think . rita look at that one . how would you like to live in that ?!?! or that one ! what do you figure this run ? the taxi stop in front of a wall lot behind which be visible a handsome English stucco home . pupkin ( to driver ) what 's this ? driver this be it . rita it 's gorgeous ! pupkin be genuinely puzzle . pupkin ( to driver ) you sure ? driver look , friend , I would not want to tell you how many time I make this trip . ( pause ) that will be three seventy - five . pupkin , still puzzle , hand he a five dollar bill . pupkin ( abstractedly ) keep it . the driver get out and put pupkin and rita 's bag , which he have stack on the front seat , onto the sidewalk . driver thanks . if you need a ride back , just ask the guy for Wayne . that 's I . the camera pull back as pupkin open the gate and he and rita walk up the drive . CUT to : 67 ext : langford house - day pupkin and rita stand before the front door . pupkin ring , after a few beat , the door be open by a Indonesian houseboy . pupkin walk in right past he , rita follow behind . CUT to : 68 int : langford house - day pupkin hand the houseboy the two suitcase as he talk . pupkin you must be jonno . I be rupert pupkin and this be rita keane . Mr. langford 's expect we . jonno nod politely but uncertainly . jonno ( uncertain ) Mr. langford ask you to come ? pupkin that 's right . would you mind take that up ? Jerry and I have some work that may oblige I to stay overnight . jonno but Mr. langford 's not here . pupkin out play golf , right ? jonno ( still puzzle and unsure ) that 's right . pupkin maybe he will finally break a hundred . jonno maybe it 's better if you come back ... pupkin ( interrupt ) that 's alright . we do not mind wait . pupkin walk from the foyer into the live - room , leave jonno stare after he hold the bag . rita walk into the live room after pupkin . rita ( worried ) the table 's only set for one . pupkin that 's from breakfast . relax , will you ? CUT to : 69 int : langford kitchen - day jonno be on the phone . a black lady cook stand at he side . jonno ( into the phone ) let I talk to Jerry langford please ... I know he be ... it 's important . CUT to : 70 int : langford live room - day it be a handsomely furnish room , do in old american antique and other tasteful piece . there be a grand piano heavy with picture in one corner and wall - to- wall bookshelve that be mostly full and mix with a balance of classic and modern popular read . the whole room mark langford as a man of discernment . the shelf also house a fine stereo and a small , discreet bar . rita and pupkin walk in like stranger in paradise , awed by the obvious elegance and expense the room reflect . pupkin ( as though he own it ) how do you like it ? rita ( admiringly ) I could live here . pupkin ( smile proudly ) it 's the only way to live . rita stand in the center of the room , ill at ease , while pupkin stroll about comfortably , pick up a ashtray here , a cigarette case there , inspect the artifact for inscription , clue , hint about langford 's character and life . rita how come he be not here ? pupkin you hear the guy . he 's out play golf . rita do not you tell he when we would get here ? pupkin continue to move about the room , field rita 's suspicious inquiry effortlessly . pupkin we do not have time to iron out the detail . now just relax . we be the first guest , that 's all . rita ( interrupt ) that jonno character have not even hear of we ! pupkin ( a little irritate ) it probably slip Jerry 's mind . he have better thing to think about than what he tell he houseboy . rita it 's just not time way I expect it , that 's all . there be a pause . pupkin continue he investigation . he have move to the grand piano in the rear of the room . rita what do we do now ? pupkin be look at a picture of a american gothic couple stand in front of a wood - frame house . as he comment on the picture , the camera pan over they . they form a kind of slide - show of langford 's life . pupkin this be Jerry 's parent . his father run the Post office in wolverine -- that 's in North dakota . pupkin then fix on a picture of a eleven - year - old boy stand next to a puppet stage with a puppet ( obviously hold by the boy ) stare at its master . pupkin this one be in Newsweek . he start give this puppet show when he be still in grade school . we see a picture of a very young langford seat before a microphone with some celebrity . pupkin and this be from he quiz show in St. Louis . can you believe it ? rita sure I can . pupkin that be the name of the show . we move to a picture of langford smile at jack paar . pupkin and here 's when he write for Jack paar . he make a hundred and fifty a week and look at he now . another picture of langford with a group of woman sit in a studio . pupkin and this be he morning show . a picture of langford stand in a park with he two boy , eleven and eight . pupkin and he kid . he 's divorced . rita , who have be only half - listen , have pick up a small , beautifully enamele cigarette box . rita look at this . I love this kind of thing . look at the work . I have get this thing about box . rita put it down reluctantly , pick it up , then put it down again . CUT to : 71 int : the kitchen - day jonno be hold the phone , wait . the cook stand , look at he . jonno Mr. langford ? ... I be sorry to disturb you ... CUT to : 72 int : the live room - day rita have just finish fix herself a drink . she take a large sip and start pace around . pupkin be seat . rita how much longer be we gonna have to wait ? pupkin I do not know . until he get back . rita . do we have to just sit here ? pupkin he should be back pretty soon . rita do not he have any music or anything ? let 's get a little life into this place . it 's like a funeral parlor . she walk over to the stereo and open the cupboard beneath it , revealing row and row of record . rita this be more like it . she pull out a record . pupkin come on , rita . rita come on , yourself . she put the record on . Frank Sinatra start sing " they can not take that away from I . " she take a big sip of she drink , put it down and come over to pupkin . rita how about a little spin , handsome ? pupkin ( pull back ) here ? rita snuggle into pupkin and start dance he around . he resist feebly . rita come on , rupert . I come up here for a good time . pupkin give in and start dance with she in the style of the 1950' , elbow out , arm up , box step . after a few moment , pupkin close he eye . he have reach a moment of perfect bliss , he dream girl in be arm . they dance silently as we hear Sinatra sing . sinatra's voice the way you wear you hat , the way we dance till three , the memory of all that -- oh no , they can not take that away from I , no ... they can not take that away ... from ... I . the orchestra play . rita you never could dance , could you ? pupkin how would you know ? rita oh I dance with you a couple of time -- at the sigma U party . pupkin you be there with Tommy Winston . rita you do not ask I . pupkin that 's the one time I do ask you and you go with he anyway . rita well , I could not go with you ! pupkin why not ? rita be serious , rupert . CUT to : 73 int : the dine room - day jonno stand a few foot from the kitchen door , stare at rita and pupkin dance in the live room , a unbely , anxious expression on he face . CUT to : 74 int : the live room - day the music have stop momentarily and pupkin and rita disengage . pupkin look lovingly at rita . pupkin well , it 's all end happily and that 's what count . rita grow jumpy under he gaze . she look around . rita I wonder what the rest of this place look like ? pupkin I be sure it 's all very nice . rita ( gaily ) well , there 's only one way to find out . rita scamper over to the stair and pause on the first step . rita you come or not ? rita bound up the stair . pupkin rita ! camera follows pupkin up the stair . CUT to : 75 int : upstair - day there be no sign of rita . pupkin where be you ? there be no answer . camera follows pupkin from room to room . they be all guest room , neat , pretty , clean . pupkin come on , rita . this be not funny . finally , pupkin open the door to another room . CUT to : 76 int : a bedroom - day it be clearly langford 's bedroom with a few clothes strewn about , and other sign of be live in . rita lie on the bed . pupkin ( shocked ) what be you do , rita ? rita I love it ! all that million of woman out there die to change place with I right now . pupkin come on . we should not be here . rita relax , will you . let I have a little fun , for Christ 's sake . rita get off the bed and run into the john . CUT to : 77 int : a lavish bathroom - day rita look at this . it 's nicer than my whole apartment . pupkin enter the large , beautifully do bathroom . rita examine she face in the mirror . pupkin ( urgently ) let 's go , rita . rita Boy , I really need some sun . pupkin rita , this be Jerry 's ... rita Lay off , will you , rupert . pupkin but we have no right ... rita pick up a can of shave cream and squirt a large dollop in pupkin 's face . we come in for a close up of pupkin 's face , bury under shave cream . pupkin that be not funny , rita . rita hand he a towel . rita here . she look around . rita now for something that smell nice . she swing open the cabinet with a flourish . the door swing open violently and the mirror shatter against something as pill and bottle tumble into the sink . pupkin and rita stand there , stare at each other . rita begin to laugh , but she laugh be cut short by the slam of the downstairs door . CUT to : 78 int : the foyer langford have enter , draw and businesslike . jonno and the cook have move out to greet he . langford ( look around ) where be they ? jonno I be go to call the police but then I think to myself ' what if they be Mr. langford 's friend ? ' we hear some whisper and scuffling at the top of the stair . langford , jonno and the cook look up . pupkin come bound down the stair jauntily with rita follow cautiously behind . pupkin have large trace of shave cream behind he ear and on he neck . pupkin hi , Jerry . we be just freshen up . pupkin stop at the base of the stair , turn around , and wave rita down . pupkin ( to rita ) come on , rita . no need to be shy . pupkin smile conspiratorially at langford . rita come slowly down . pupkin Jerry , I would like you to meet rita keane . rita , say hello to Jerry ! rita ( tentatively ) please to meet you . langford nod imperceptibly , he face tense , he eye alert . rita , read she frigid reception , look to pupkin who walk blithely past langford into the live room , toward the bar . pupkin what 's you pleasure ? pupkin glance at the small mess he have leave on the bar and turn back to langford who have move into the live room with jonno and the cook a few step behind . pupkin flash langford a apologetic smile . pupkin ( to langford ) we have already take the liberty , so to speak . rita be a little nervous . it be not every day she meet someone like you . langford what 's go on here ? pupkin we have be sit around , wait . that 's all . how be you golf game ? jonno I tell they you be not here . cook that 's right . pupkin he do , Jerry . he be very helpful . we have to take a early train . there be nothing else until after one . ( pause ) I bring the material . it 's upstairs , in my bag . ( pause ) where be everybody ? langford who ? pupkin the other guest ! ( in a confidential tone ) we be get a little hungry , to tell you the truth . langford ( as though confirm what pupkin say ) you be . pupkin ( back off ) but we do not mind wait , do we , rita ? rita say nothing . she have sense something terribly wrong and be slowly back away from pupkin . langford you know , I could have you arrest , both of you . pupkin ( seize the idea ) you know you could ! and there would be absolutely no way we could prove we belong here . I never think of that . langford well , you should have before you ... pupkin ( still fix on the idea ) maybe we could work up a routine about that , about a guy who throw all he friend in jail . let 's talk about that . langford ( sharply ) let 's not . pupkin sure , Jerry . whatever you ... langford ( exasperate ) look , if you have get something for I to sign , let 's have it and get it over with so I can get back ... pupkin ( interrupt ) that would not be right , Jerry . not in you own house ! langford ( summoning he last bit of patience ) I have a lot of work to get to . ( to jonno ) how do they get here ? pupkin we take a taxi , Jerry ... but do not worry about we . you go ahead and do you work and we will just take a stroll around until lunch be ready . langford you be a little thick , be not you ? pupkin ( smile as though compliment ) well , maybe a ... rita what 's he 's say , rupert , be that he want we out . pupkin do not listen to she , Jerry . she do not understand anything about we . rita do not get I into this . langford ( to jonno ) call the station . jonno go back into the foyer , follow by the cook . langford there will be a cab here in a few minute . now if you will just wait at the gate ... pupkin look , Jerry , if I have say anything out of line , let 's chalk it up to inexperience , okay ? I will just go upstairs and get my tape and we can start work . it should not take long and then you will have the rest of the afternoon to yourself . langford I have tell you just as clearly as I can . I want you out of here and I want you out now . scram , beat it , vamoose , out ! be that plain enough ! rita deftly pocket the enamel box . pupkin but what about my material ? when be we go to go over it ? rita come on , rupert , the man want we to go . pupkin tell she she 's wrong , Jerry ! rita look , Mr. langford . I do not know anything about all this . I hardly know this guy . I have not see he in year . pupkin rita ! rita so if there 's anything I can do , any way I can make this up to you . pupkin she 's nothing , Jerry . she 's just some girl who work in a bar . do not let she spoil thing . langford start herding rita and pupkin towards the door . langford come on . let 's go . pupkin all I be ask be fifteen minute . that 's all . just long enough to listen to my act . be that ask too much -- fifteen minute of you day against my whole life ? langford I will call the police if I have to . langford realize he be be hard . he stop for a moment . langford I have my own life , that 's all . pupkin but what about I , Jerry ? what about my life ? I make plan -- base on what you say . you can not just turn you back on I . langford I be not tell you again . there be a long pause as the truth finally sink in . pupkin just stare at langford with disbelief that turn to anger . pupkin so this be the way it work when you be big , huh ? you just play with people . be that part of the kick , Jerry ? ( pause ) I can see I be all wrong about you . all wrong . rita start tug at pupkin . rita come on , rupert . pupkin ( to rita ) shut up ! ( to langford ) you be not my friend at all , be you ? you be just play some kind of game with I . well , that 's not go to stop I , Jerry . I be just go to work a little bit harder , that 's all , use a little bit more enterprise . and not count on anybody . that 's where I make my mistake . I can see that now . pupkin pick up the pair of small suitcase . pupkin ( glaring at langford ) come on , rita . we be waste we time . CUT to : 79 ext . langford front door - day pupkin stride out with rita follow . she cast langford a apologetic glance as she go . the door slam behind they . they walk down the path silently for a few moment as the camera pull up , follow they in a overhead shot . we hear they start talk as they make they way towards the gate . rita ( baffle and angry ) what do you think be go to happen ? you think he would just ... ? what 's the matter with you ? ( pause ) you can not just walk into a guy 's house ! and what about I ? what do you ... pupkin ( interrupt in a calm but firm voice ) shut up , rita . I be think . CUT to : 80 ext : outside the U.N. plaza - day CUT to : 81 int : a new mercede benz - day marsha sit at the wheel of this lavishly appoint sedan , she face make up as though she be go to a fancy party . pupkin sit on the other side of the front seat . his ex - pression have change somewhat from the pupkin we have see . he be less wide - eye , less innocent , tougher . marsha ( whining ) how much longer ?!? pupkin do you want he or not ? there be a pause . marsha you sure he 's in there ? pupkin certain . marsha ( with obvious delight ) my parent be go to be furious ! pupkin pull a toy revolver from he jacket pocket and look it over . marsha glance at it . marsha it look real . pupkin that 's the whole point . ( gesture with he head towards the entrance of the building which be some 50 yard away ) pay attention . marsha look towards the entrance . a few beat pass . marsha what if he do not come down ? pupkin he will . marsha but what if he do not ? pupkin we will come back tomorrow . marsha and wait again ? pupkin look , you be go to have he all to yourself . what else do you want ? a man resembling langford walk out the entrance . pupkin be that he ?!? marsha no . pupkin you sure ? marsha sure I be sure . that look too much like he . pupkin what do you mean ? marsha when it 's he it do not look like he . pupkin keep watch . pupkin close he eye and rest for a moment . marsha that 's he . pupkin 's eye snap open . we see langford , conceal in he trench coat , dark glass and tightly pull cap start walk east . marsha what should I do ? pupkin wait a second and follow he . CUT to : 82 ext : a STREET go east - day langford be walk innocently towards he office . the mercede prowl a quarter of a block behind . CUT to : 83 int : the mercede - day marsha what about here ? pupkin too busy . keep go . CUT to : 84 ext : another eastbound STREET - day langford continue walk . the street be practically empty . CUT to : 85 int : mercede - day pupkin go past he and stop . CUT to : 86 ext : the same eastbound STREET - day we stay with langford as he walk . we see the mercede pull past he . suddenly pupkin be in the frame , walk side by side with langford . pupkin just keep walk or I will kill you right here . langford look at pupkin in terror . he falter a bit , out of fear . pupkin I say keep walk . this be a gun in my pocket and I have get nothing to lose . langford ( who keep walk ) what do you want ? pupkin just keep walk and do not talk to anybody . I will tell you what to do . a man come the other way stop and stare at langford out of curiosity . pupkin and langford keep walk . they get to where the mercede be wait . pupkin jab langford in the rib with the gun . pupkin get in ! langford look , this be ... pupkin ( interrupt ) just shut up and get in . langford get in the front seat . pupkin follow . CUT to : 87 int : the mercede - day langford move to the middle of the front seat . marsha hi , Jerry . langford look over and recognize marsha . a close up record he reaction of sheer terror . CUT to : 88 ext : a brownstone -line STREET in the east eighties - day we see langford get out of the mercede which be park in front of a fire hydrant . langford follow marsha into a brownstone . pupkin walk behind langford . CUT to : 89 int : marsha' apartment - day pupkin , langford and marsha enter . it be a absolutely stun studio apartment , furnish lavishly by Marsha 's parent for they daughter in antique furniture suitable for a woman of fifty . marsha have imprint she own stamp on the apartment in two way : first , the place be abso - lutely chaotic . secondly , there be a number of blow - up picture on the wall . a picture of langford sit on the bureau . there be a big brass bed with a ornate brass frame at the foot . langford stare at marsha and pupkin . pupkin close the blind and turn on the light . marsha train the gun on langford . pupkin finish he work and take the gun back . pupkin I do not like be so rough out there , Jerry . but I want you to know that I mean business . I do not want anything happen to you over some misunderstanding . langford just stare at he , freeze with fear . pupkin now I know you be wonder what this be all about . actually you have get nothing to worry about . you just do what I tell you and by , say , midnight , you will be safe and out of here . of course if you try anything clever , I will kill you -- or Marsha will . she know how to use this too . langford you realize what you be say . pupkin come on , Jerry . this be not a spur of the moment thing . give I a little credit , will you . pupkin look over to a small phone table with a chair next to it . he motion to it with he head . pupkin ( to langford ) sit down . langford docilely sit by the phone . pupkin now , you be go to call you office and tell they this : that unless a man who identify himself as the King be allow on the show tonight as the first guest , they will never see you alive again . langford what ? pupkin I will say it again ... CUT to : 90 int : bert thomas ' office - day it be a large office in two piece . a secretary sit in the smaller part next to the door of the larger section . her phone be ringing . she answer . thomas ' secretary bert Thomas ! ... he 's in a meeting , Mr. langford ... I see . CUT to : 91 int : a conference room - day thomas , a young , trim executive in he late thirty , in modish dress , sit at the table with several other people , include cathy long . they be sip coffee from con - tainer . there be memo and list and other papers on the table . the secretary stand at the doorway . thomas and the other be look up at she . secretary he say it 's urgent . thomas ( smile ) yeah ? well , tell he I will call he back . ( to the other ) it 's that martino kid , the impressionist . CUT to : 92 int : marsha' apartment -- day langford sit by the phone with pupkin a few step away , hold the gun and marsha look on . langford look desperate . pupkin then try again ! CUT to : 93 int : bert thomas ' office - day a irk bert thomas wearily pick up the phone . thomas yeah ? ... okay , martino , let 's stop the bullshit ... what ? ... okay , I be listen . we watch thomas ' expression as it turn from skepticism to concern border on alarm . thomas give I that again ? ... wait a minute . what do we call we second cameraman ? CUT to : 94 int : marsha' apartment - day the scene be as before , only now langford be sweat a bit . langford ( into the phone ) helen keller . pupkin ( warning ) no trick , Jerry . CUT to : 95 int : bert thomas ' office - day thomas be still at the phone . thomas do not do anything , Jerry . stay right there . tell he we will do anything he want . tell he to cool it . be you okay ? ... look , tell he to call we about five , okay . we will let he know what to do . and do not do anything stupid . thomas put down the phone . thomas ( call to he secretary ) vivien ! thomas ' secretary appear at the doorway . thomas get I the number of the f.b.i. right away . and get I crockett 's office . and keep you mouth shut about this . CUT to : 96 int : marsha' apartment - day langford be stand awkwardly in the middle of the room , wear a sweater that match the patch of cloth we see in the envelope marsha give pupkin . pupkin be still training he pistol on langford and marsha be appraise the fit . marsha ( to pupkin ) what do you think ? pupkin look fine . marsha ( to langford ) I have to guess on the sleeve . ( to pupkin ) he get to keep it , do not he ? pupkin sure , if he be not dead . CUT to : 97 int : thomas ' office - day thomas be on the phone . thomas ( panicky ) I know he 's in a meeting and I do not care . I have get to talk to he ! ... no , he can not call I back . do not you understand ? this be a emergency ... none of you business ! CUT to : 98 int : marsha' apartment - day langford be seat on a chair whose back be press right up against the high , ornate brass bedstead at the foot of the bed . marsha train the gun on langford now . pupkin be unpack a suitcase . he take out a handsome blue suit , ruffle shirt , a bow tie , black shoe , underwear , sock , shave equipment , soap , a hairbrush , a clothesbrush , a small shoe shine kit , aftershave lotion , deodorant and a dozen or so roll of inch - and - a- half wide adhesive tape . he remove this stuff from a suitcase that be barely big enough to hold it -- so the mere pack of all this para - phernalia into such a small space represent something of a achievement . as he take the stuff out , he talk to langford , he back turn to he . pupkin this be not a easy decision for I , Jerry , believe I . for one thing , I know it mean we could never be friend again and that hurt I . it 's hard to lose a friend , even one who have let you down . you always hope you can patch thing up . you know , a guy like I do not make friend that easily . pupkin pause a moment , then turn to langford , he voice fill with emotion . pupkin why do not you just listen to the tape when I ask you ? then I would not have to be do all this . be it really too much to expect -- a few minute of you time to listen to something I would work on my whole life ? langford 's eye shift rapidly . he be obviously calculate how to deal with pupkin . langford ( with disarming charm ) hey , if that 's what 's bother you , let 's go over to my office and listen to that tape right now . pupkin be you crazy , Jerry ? do you know what would happen to I ? marsha listen to this exchange a bit nervously . gesture to she gun , she say : marsha be I go to have to hold this thing all day ? pupkin see she have lower it practically to she side . pupkin ( to marsha ) just keep it on he . ( to langford ) you know , Jerry . friendship be a two - way street . all that time I be worry about you and you rating and everything , you could not have care less about I . langford think rapidly for a beat or two . langford you be right . you know that ? I be thoughtless . it 's just that when you be do a big show , it 's hard to tell who you friend really be . I be wrong . I apologize . why do not we just shake hand and forget the whole thing ? pupkin ( suspiciously ) that 's easy to say , Jerry . langford but I mean it . I will tell they that the whole thing be a joke and then we can go to my office and listen to that tape . come on . what do you say ? langford rise with he hand extend toward pupkin . marsha ( to langford , sharply ) sit down ! langford look to pupkin . marsha I say sit ! langford reluctantly sit down . pupkin ( to marsha ) what 's the matter ? you hear what he say . marsha all of a sudden , with a gun on he , he want to make up and be friend . and , once he 's out the door , what happen then ? pupkin what happen then , Jerry ? marsha you get to he office and they jump you , that 's what happen , rupert . pupkin she 's right , Jerry . langford not if I tell they not to . this be Jerry , rupert , I give you my word . pupkin ( to marsha ) he give I he word . marsha yeah ? and what else ? come on , rupert , I be sick of wait . pupkin and what else , Jerry ? langford come on , rupert . my word 's good enough , be not it . pupkin stare at langford for a few beat . then he shake he head sadly and say in a very quiet , discourage voice . pupkin no , Jerry . it 's not . ( to marsha ) keep the gun up ! pupkin come over to langford with a few roll of adhesive tape in he hand . pupkin I be sorry to do it this way , Jerry , but I be no good at knot . just put you arm up and out , okay ? langford spread he arm back against the brass bedstead . as pupkin go to tape they , langford try to grab he , but , with sudden , demonic force , pupkin pin he against the bedstead . they be practically nose to nose . pupkin oh , no , Jerry . none of that . now hold still . CUT to : 99 int : a large executive office - day we be in the office of wilson crockett , president of the National Broadcasting Network . crockett sit behind he desk , face a group which include several other network executive , bert thomas , cathy long , f.b.i. inspector patten , and he assistant , giardello . they be in the midst of debate . patten look , I tell you , the bureau be do everything possible to locate Mr. langford . right now we man be out check out every radical group in this city . a executive radical ? patten they be willing to sacrifice they leader in order to get they message across , be not they ? you have get to figure that this be a desperate outfit . I do not know who they be anymore than you do . but I do know I have get to stop they . otherwise , what you be see here be just the first of a whole wave of this kind of kidnapping . thomas ( upset ) do this mean we be not suppose to put he on ?!? patten who be I address , please ? crockett that 's bert Thomas . he produce the show . patten I be only say , Mr. Thomas , that we can not allow this to reach the public . when the kidnapper call in , of course you be go to be cooperative . promise they anything they want . after all , this King character be go to have to show up sooner or later . and once we get we hand on he , he will tell we where Mr. langford be . patten grind he fist into he palm . CUT to : 100 int : marsha' apartment - day we see pupkin in the shower , shampooing . CUT to : 101 int : the executive office the scene be as before . patten sure . let he go on if you have to . it 's just a taping . you can always erase he afterwards , can not you ? ( pause ) all I be say be this : do not put he on the air . thomas that 's fine , Inspector , but let 's say he finish he bit and you have work he over ... patten question he , Mr. Thomas . there be light laughter . thomas okay , question he and he still will not talk . we get to eleven thirty and what do we do ? do we air he or what ? there be a heavy pause . patten I would say no . thomas but they might kill Jerry ! crockett ( break in ) okay , burt. ( to patten ) thank you , Inspector . we appreciate you position and we will do all we can to cooperate with you . but I have to tell you right now that , if it come down to it , we be not take any chance with Mr. langford 's life . patten I understand but ... crockett ( interrupt ) if you man have not be able to locate Mr. langford by air time , we be go to have to put this King guy on , no matter what he 's say . after all , Inspector , what 's ten or fifteen minute of talk show time against a man 's life ? CUT to : 102 int : marsha' apartment - day we see pupkin in he new suit and ruffle shirt , impeccably groom , stand next to the bed . he be talk to langford but we do not see anyone but pupkin . pupkin open. ( pause ) bite ... good . he be wrapping langford 's mouth shut but all we see be that he be do something . pupkin can you breathe ? both way ? in and out ? we pull back to see langford nodd . he be strapped to the bed with tape and encase like a mummy , only he eye and nose show . pupkin have wrap he in tape from tip to toe . marsha emerge from the kitchen stir something . pupkin ( to marsha ) you have get until around midnight . have a good time . ( to langford ) so long , Jerry ! wish I luck . pupkin leave . CUT to : 103 int : bert thomas ' office - day the phone ring . bert thomas ' secretary answer . thomas ' secretary bert Thomas ! who 's call please ? ( she voice grow tense ) yes , Mr. King . CUT to : 104 int : bert thomas ' desk - day thomas sit by he phone . there be a large machine , look like a large tape recorder , attach to the phone and monitoring the call . giardello be at a second phone and start place a call . patten stand next to thomas . there be two other plainclothesmen in the room , crockett and cathy long . patten ( quietly to thomas ) keep he talk . thomas nod and pick up the phone . thomas yes ? ... yes , Mr , King . we understand . everything 's be arrange . now if you will just tell I a little about the nature of you material , so that we can ... CUT to : 105 ext : upper east side manhattan STREET - day pupkin stand in a public phonebooth on a streetcorner . pupkin ( into the phone ) I will tell you everything you need to know at the studio this evening , Mr. Thomas . I appreciate you co - operation . Goodbye . pupkin step out of the booth and start walk downtown . CUT to : 106 int : marsha' apartment - day late afternoon . marsha be set the dining room table for two . she talk as she work . marsha I have get so much to tell you I just do not know what to begin with . be you okay ? langford mumble incoherently through he gag and tape . marsha good . tell I if you be not . I guess you be wonder why I do stuff like this . I think it 's because I be a Leo , but my shrink say I be pathologically rebellious and self - destructive . you do not think I be self - destructive , do you ? langford , mummify , again mumble and struggle a bit in he bond . marsha I know you would not . that 's ' cause you be the only person in the world who really understand I . CUT to : 107 int : crockett' office - day crockett sit behind he desk . with he be bert thomas , cathy long and three other executive . crockett can randall * sub for Jerry ? [ * tony randall be one of any number of substitute host . ] thomas his agent 's call we back but it look good . I only tell he Jerry 's sick . crockett well , if worse come to worse , canter can always carry it . ( to cathy long ) let I see you list . cathy long hand crockett a blue piece of paper . he glance over it quickly . crockett any one of this a writer ? thomas ( point to a name on the list ) mccabe . the vanish siberian Tiger . crockett he 's out . cathy long what if we do not run this King guy ? who will fill the time ? crockett we will stretch the other guest . but I think we be go to wind up run he . for one thing , we have get to think about Jerry . first executive and from a news point of view , we have get a responsibility to air this story . crockett exactly , lou. ( pause ) I mean , who would you rather watch -- some tiger expert or a live kidnapper . a second executive but nobody 's go to know he 's a kidnapper . they will think we have go crazy . crockett then they will read about it in the papers tomorrow and , believe I , tomorrow night , everyone in America will be watch Jerry talk about he experience . and he can put this King guy on rerun . thomas you be go to put he on twice ? a third executive what if he stuff 's unusable ? second executive and remember what patten say about ... crockett hold on . ( pause ) we can always edit the guy . and , as for a wave of this thing , I just do not buy the idea that there be that many people out there crazy enough to spend they life in prison for a few minute on television . CUT to : 108 ext : madison avenue in the sixties - day pupkin walk purposefully down the street . CUT to : 109 ext : outside the jerry langford show theater - day the street be quiet . suddenly three car pull up and some dozen plainclothesmen get out . two wait outside the theater ; the ten other disappear inside through the backstage entrance . CUT to : 110 ext : midtown manhattan STREET - day pupkin be now walk cross-town , towards the theater . CUT to : 111 ext : langford theater -- day a line of some 100 people have gather outside the theater . a sign at the bottom of the poster show langford read " tonight 's Guest host : tony randall . " CUT to : 112 int : the television studio from the Pov of the stage , we watch six plainclothesmen descend into the orchestra and take widely scattered aisle seat . when the last have take he seat we ... CUT to : 113 ext : the langford theater - day depend on the season , it be either dusk or late afternoon . the usher swing the door open and the ticketholders file in . CUT to : 114 ext : a midtown manhattan STREET - dusk pupkin be crossing Broadway , a few block from the theater . CUT to : 115 int : studio at the center of the stage , a pretty model use solely to test color quality sit in langford 's chair as several member of the tactical patrol Force admire she considerable cleavage . a number of technician go about they work . cameramen move to and from they station . CUT to : 116 int : corridor leading from the backstage door to the stage four plainclothesmen be gather behind the stage door . they watch zsa zsa gabor ( or some other sexy talk show celebrity ) enter and then return to talk among themselves . CUT to : 117 ext : the television theater - day to early evening the situation appear normal . only the regular backstage door guard , a big , grey-haire man , stand at the door . nearby two other young men , in colorless suit , stand talk . we watch clarence mccabe , a writer , he plain wife and she parent arrive in front of the theater , locate the backstage entrance and present themselves before the guard . mccabe ( a bit pompously ) good evening , officer . this be the backstage door I take it ? guard you name please ? mccabe clarence mccabe , the writer . and this be Mrs. mccabe and she parent , Mr. and Mrs. leroy solter of Cleveland . guard ( check he list ) I be sorry , sir . I do not see you here . mccabe I be on the show tonight , officer . guard well , you be not here . mccabe ( get a bit agitate ) look , Cathy Long give I instruction to present myself at a quarter to six . May I see she please ? guard I be under strictest order tonight to admit only authorize personnel . mccabe ( huffy ) this be absurd . ( to the other ) wait right here . mccabe march past the guard and rush to the backstage door . he open it . the guard trail behind . guard stop he ! CUT to : 118 int : the backstage corridor - evening the four plainclothesmen jump mccabe and start pull he downstairs . mccabe hey ! CUT to : 119 ext : outside the theater - evening pupkin arrive at the backstage door . see no one , he walk in . CUT to : 120 int : a room in the basement of the theater - evening mccabe have just be hustle before patten . patten be you the King ? mccabe look baffle . CUT to : 121 int : backstage - evening pupkin be look for a familiar face . he approach a cameraman . pupkin ( get cameraman 's attention ) Excuse I . the cameraman look up . pupkin I be the King . cameraman yeah ? CUT to : 122 int : the basement room - evening patten be sit behind a desk . mccabe be stand before he , still securely hold by four plainclothesmen . patten do not talk to I about tiger ! CUT to : 123 int : backstage - evening . pupkin approach the stage manager . pupkin ( to stage manager ) I be the King . stage manager ( smile ) what can I do for you , you highness ? cathy long pass by . she spot pupkin , and walk swiftly over . cathy long what be you do here , Mr. pupkin ?!?! CUT to : 124 int : marsha' apartment - night the light be dimme . Music be play on the phonograph . two candle burn on the elegantly - set dinner table . marsha stand in the middle of the room , in front of langford . she be sing . langford be still encase in tape . marsha ( sing to the music ) " I be gonna love you , like no one 's ever love you , come rain or come shine , happy together , unhappy together , and will not it be fine . " CUT to : 125 int : the basement room - night now pupkin stand before patten , hold by plainclothesmen who frisk he and hand patten the autograph book . giardello stand next to patten . patten ( to the plainclothesmen ) I hope you bring I the right guy this time . ( to pupkin ) where 's Jerry langford ? pupkin ( to giardello ) be you on the show ? patten no , Mr. King . that 's my assistant , Mr. giardello . pupkin I want to see someone on the show . patten well , you tell we where Mr. langford be and we will let you see anyone you want . pupkin just get I someone from the show . patten start browsing through the autograph book . patten come on , Mr. King . let 's not fool around . ( look up from the book ) should we know about any of this people ? pupkin ( gesture to the book ) that 's Orson bean . patten I see. ( to giardello ) check this out . giardello start look through the autograph book . patten now be you go to talk to we , or not ? pupkin sure I will talk . just get I someone from the show . patten ( to giardello ) get that Thomas guy in here . giardello leave . patten we have not much time , Mr. King . pupkin look towards the door . patten let 's start with you name . pupkin rupert pupkin . patten that 's you real name ? pupkin yes sir . patten you a american ? pupkin yes . patten then why do you people do this thing ? thomas enter . he scrutinize pupkin . pupkin be you on the show ? thomas yes . I be bert Thomas . pupkin pull thin piece of neatly typewritten paper from he inside jacket and hand it to thomas . pupkin here 's the introduction to my act . please make sure Mr. randall follow it exactly as I have write it . patten nod to thomas who take the paper and read it as he leave . patten okay . how about help we , Mr. King ? pupkin what about make - up ? I need make-up . patten ( to plainclothesmen ) put some color in he cheek . CUT to : 126 int : marsha' apartment - night marsha have finish a half bottle of wine . she be eat a beautifully decorate piece of stuff capon and talk through she tear . marsha ( cry ) it be the second lead ! I would never get a part in my life and here I get the second lead . and what do daddy say ? shot of langford still bound from tip to toe . marsha not " Marsha , that 's wonderful " or " we be proud of you " or anything . oh no . he start lecture I on how I should have try out for Emily ! now do you understand , Jerry ! marsha get hold of herself . she swallow a couple of pill and swill they down with some wine . marsha ( calmer ) my doctor say I should not get excited . marsha pick at another piece of capon . marsha this be the best I ever make it . you want some ? langford , the mummy , nod . marsha pick up the plate across from she , fill it with food , and pull a chair up next to langford . she undoe the tape around he mouth and pick a sock out of he mouth . marsha now open . Marsha 's go to feed she Jerry . CUT to : 127 int : backstage - night two young girl be work on big cue card copying from the piece of paper pupkin have give thomas . tony randall stand next to thomas . the two of they watch . randall be go over the line . CUT to : 128 int : the basement room - night pupkin have obviously be work over . he be sweat . patten how about it , King ? pupkin if I be not on that show , Jerry langford be dead , I promise you . patten nod to he plainclothesmen again who start work pupkin over . CUT to : 129 int : the television studio - night the beginning of the taping be second away . everyone be in he place . the stage manager be count down from five on he finger . at zero , he point across to rick ross , the orchestra leader , who strike up the familiar langford show theme song . CUT to : 130 int : the control room - night four technical engineer be seat along a large console contain a multitude of small television screen . one screen show the spotlight fall where randall will enter . another show the logo of the langford show . another show nothing in particular . behind the technician , stand crockett and the executive we have see in the previous scene . a technician be give instruction to the cameraman . technician hold on two . hold . hold . come on , keller . get it frame ! CUT to : 131 int : the television studio - night the theme song be play . bert canter stand off- camera at one side of the stage before a microphone . canter now ! direct from New York ! it 's the Jerry langford show with guest host tony randall and he special guest -- Olympic swimmer Mark spitz , pundit Gore vidal , the one and only Zsa Zsa gabor and another of Jerry 's tape exclusive , a interview with Prince ranier of Monaco . as always , Rick Ross and the orchestra and I , bert canter . and now ... say hello to tony !!!!!! CUT to : a applause sign flash like crazy . the audience cheer wildly . in the back , we notice a handful of tactical patrolmen scattered about . randall stride on stage briskly , accept the cheer of the crowd with he arm raise . he nod and then he eye fix on that hastily write outsize cue card . he read they with a mixture of professionalism and wry distance , want to disown the word without seem silly . randall good evening , lady and gentleman . thank you . thank you very much . I have some sad news for you . earlier today , my write staff be execute in Central Park by the network fire squad so there will be no sensational randall monologue this evening . the audience cheer derisively . randall no embarrassing display of emotion , please . ( the audience laugh ) instead , we be go to do something a little bit different this evening -- a lot different if you ask I . we be go to give you a glimpse into the future . it be not often that you can call someone a sure thing in the entertainment business . after all , the verdict be always in you hand . but I think tonight , after you have meet my first guest , you will agree with I that he 's destine for greatness -- in one way or another . so will you please give you warmest greeting to the newest King of Comedy , rupert pupkin !!!! the music play . the applause sign flash . the audience applaud heartily -- and nobody appear to fill the spotlight at the edge of the wing . the spotlight hold for what seem like a eternity . CUT to : 132 int : control room - night technician just hold . Three . pick up the audience . CUT to : 133 int : the stage - night finally after what seem like a eternity , pupkin emerge , straighten he jacket a bit and try to crane the kink out of he neck . he be a bit tense but very high and in full command . as he deliver he monologue , pupkin be more confident , comfortable and self - assure than we have ever see he . pupkin good evening , lady and gentleman . let I introduce myself . my name be rupert pupkin . I be bear in clifton , New Jersey , which be not , at that time , a federal offense . ( laughter ) be there anyone here from clifton ? ( silence ) good . we can all relax . now , I would like to begin by say that my parent be too poor to afford I a childhood but the fact be nobody be allow to be really poor in clifton . once you fall below eleven thousand you be exile to passaic . my parent do , in fact , put down the first two payment on my childhood . then they try to return I to the hospital as defective . but , like everyone else I grow up in large part thanks to my mother . if she be only here today I would say , " hey , mom . what be you do here ? you have be dead for nine year ? " ( laughter ) you should have see my mother . she be wonderful -- blonde , beautiful , intelligent , alcoholic . ( laughter ) we use to drink milk together after school . mine be homogenize . hers be load . ( laughter ) once she be pick up for speed . they clocked she do fifty -- in we garage . ( laughter ) when they test she they find that she alcohol be two per cent blood . they take away she license and she die shortly afterwards . we use to joke together Mom and I , until the tear would stream down she face and she would throw up . ( laughter ) and who would clean it up ? not dad . he be too busy down at o'grady 's throw up on he own . in fact , until I be sixteen , I think throw up be a sign of maturity . while the other kid be off in the wood sneaking cigarettes , I be hide behind the house with my finger down my throat . ( laughter ) I never get anywhere until one day , my father catch I . just as he be give I a final kick in the stomach , for luck , I manage to heave all over he new shoe . " that 's it , " I think . " I have make it . I be finally a man ! " ( laughter ) as it turn out , that be the only time my father ever pay any real attention to I . he be usually too busy out in the park play ball with my sister , Rose . and , today thanks to that many hour of practice , my sister Rose have grow into a fine man . ( laughter ) I , I be not especially interested in athletics . the only exercise I ever get be when the other kid pick on I . they use to beat I up once a week , usually Tuesday . after a while , the school work it into the curriculum . and , if you knock I out , you get extra credit . ( laughter ) except there be this one kid who be afraid of I . I keep tell he , " hit I ! hit I ! what 's the matter with you ? do not you want graduate ? " as for I , I be the only kid in the history of the school to graduate in traction . the school nurse tuck my diploma into my sling . but my only real interest , right from the beginning , be show business . even as a young man , I begin at the very top , collect autograph . ( laughter ) CUT to : 134 int : marsha' apartment - night dinner be over . marsha be sit next to langford . as langford speak , it be obvious that he be turn on the charm for strategic reason . langford that be a wonderful dinner , Marsha . I want you to know how much I enjoy it . marsha we can do it again . langford I would like to show you my gratitude . but it 's a little difficult , like this . langford indicate he bond . marsha . ( in a tone of intimacy ) let 's say I take all this off . what would you do to I ? tell I . CUT to : 135 int : the television studio -- night we break in on a great burst of laughter . pupkin be just finish he monologue . pupkin a lot of you be probably wonder why Jerry could not make it this evening . well , he 's tie up -- and I be the one who tie he . ( laughter ) you think I be joke , but that 's the only way I could break into show business -- by hijack Jerry langford . ( laughter ) I be not kid . right now , Jerry langford be strapped to a bedstead somewhere in the middle of this city . ( laughter ) go ahead . laugh . but the fact be ... I be here . tomorrow you will know I be not kid and you will think I be crazy . but I figure it this way : better to be King for a night than schmuck for a Lifetime !!! ( laughter ) good night lady and gentleman . God bless you . the audience applaud heartily . the music play . and tony randall salute pupkin with a wave of he hand . pupkin go off stage after soaking up the applause . CUT to : 136 int : the wing - night a group of plainclothesmen seize pupkin and march he briskly through the backstage corridor towards the backstage door . CUT to : 137 ext : the backstage door - night a handful of people be wait , among they the autograph hunter , mae , celeste and sidney . mae , out of a reflex of thirty year , immediately extend she autograph book towards pupkin , then , recognize he , immediately pull it back . mae ( to pupkin ) who do you get ? pupkin say nothing as he be hustle into a limousine . sidney and celeste look on . mae trail after pupkin and the plainclothesmen . mae ( to plainclothesman ) could I have a ride ? the plainclothesman say nothing and start get in the limo . mae I have never be in one . the limo pull away . CUT to : 138 int : inspector patten' downtown office - night pupkin stand among a crowd of plainclothesmen who have obviously be work he over . patten sit behind he desk . giardello be at he side . the clock on the wall read 10:20 . patten okay , pupkin . we will start all over again . where be langford ? you know , we be go to find he sooner or later . pupkin I be try to tell you , Inspector . you let I walk out of here , right ? and as soon as I be see my act on the show -- as soon as I be sure they have really put it on -- I will tell you where Jerry be and you will get he back safe and sound . patten Fine , pupkin . then why do not you watch the show here with we ? that way we be all happy . ( to giardello ) what channel ? giardello Seven . patten we get that one in fine . so what do you say , pupkin ? pupkin look , I will say it again . you let I go now . patten motion to the plainclothesmen wearily with he head . they drag pupkin off . patten look up at the clock . CUT to : 139 int : marsha' apartment - night marsha be frantically attempt to unwrap langford . with each pull of the tape , langford yelp . there be a small tangle of unwrapped tape collect around langford 's foot and stick to marsha 's clothes . langford watch my hair ! marsha I be sorry , baby . we hear the sound of tape rip . langford ow ! marsha I be sorry . CUT to : 140 int : patten' office - night pupkin be hustle before patten again . a plainclothesman still nothing . pupkin glance at the clock . it be 11:05 . pupkin I have get to get out of here . patten you be not go anywhere , pupkin . now , where be he ? pupkin I be tell you , Inspector , if I do not see that show where I want to see it , Jerry langford be dead . my people have instruction to execute he unless they hear from I by midnight . patten glance apprehensively at giardello . patten just where be it you want to watch this show ? CUT to : 141 int : marsha' apartment - night langford be half unwrapped now . the place be cover with yard after yard of tape . marsha be work frantically to finish unwrap langford who be help now that he arm be free . langford ow ! God damnit ! not so fast ! marsha ( work frantically ) we have not all night , baby . marsha rip the tape off langford . langford ow !!!! marsha oh , I love you , baby . I love you so much . CUT to : 142 ext : broadway - night a limo drive down Broadway , follow by a unmark car . CUT to : 143 int : the limo - night patten and giardello sit up front , with the driver . pupkin sit in the back between two plainclothesmen . the limo pull up in front of the bar-restaurant where rita work . patten turn around in the front seat to address pupkin . patten here we , be , pupkin . I do not know what this be all about , but as soon as you have see yourself , you be go to talk to we or I promise you , you will never see daylight again . pupkin I will need a couple of minute , Inspector . patten what ?!? pupkin after it 's over , I want a couple of minute . and I will need ten dollar . do anyone of you gentleman have my wallet ? patten do not push I , pupkin . pupkin a condemn man 's last request , Inspector . patten well , I will tell you right away , the answer be no , pupkin . pupkin it 's not much of a ransom , Inspector ... patten ( lose he temper ) look , I be draw the line , that 's all ! no ten dollar and that 's it . ( emphatically ) no -- ten -- dollar !!!! you understand ?!? pupkin ( in mollify tone ) sure . sure , Inspector . no ten dollar ... patten ( appease ) okay . pupkin ... and no Jerry langford . there be a pause as patten stifles himself . pupkin come on , it 's get late , Inspector . patten ( explode to one of he men ) go ahead . give he he goddamn ten dollar ! give he twenty ! I do not care . just get he out of here ! one of the plainclothesmen in the back open the door and pupkin and the other plainclothesman get out . the unmark car have pull up behind the limo and other plainclothesmen stand next to it . pupkin and the two plainclothesmen start walk the ten yard or so to the bar-restaurant . CUT to : 144 int : the bar-restaurant - night pupkin march in flanke by the plainclothesmen . the clock over the bar read 11:30 . rita look up from talk with a customer and see pupkin . she say nothing . she just look at he . there be five customer at the bar . a work class couple in they late fifty be half - stew , the man tell the woman that she friend , maud , be not really she friend because she want $ 150 for a use refrigerator . a few seat down , two men in they mid - forty , in wind - breaker be lock in a intense but inaudible conversation . and , close to the television set which hang over the far end of the bar sit a mousy man with glass , who look like a accountant . he be sip a beer , he eye fix on the set where the CBS late movie be just show its logo . pupkin march up to the bar . pupkin ( urgently to rita ) turn on langford . Seven . mousy man hey ! I be watch this . rita keep stare at pupkin . pupkin just turn it . come on . mousy man I be here first , mister . you can not just walk in like this . it be not fair . rita glance at the man . pupkin can not wait . he vault onto the bar and turn the set to the langford show , just as , on screen , he walk from the wing onto the stage to the applause of the studio audience . perched atop the bar , stand next to the image of himself , pupkin look down at rita , a smile of pride and triumph on he face . CUT to : 145 montage -- night pupkin walk onto television screen in various home across America -- in a chic New York live room , in a suburban bedroom , in the parlor of a Indiana farmhouse , in a kitchen where a couple be in the middle of a raging domestic quarrel , in a otherwise dark bedroom where a couple be in the throes of lovemake , in a bar , a station house , in a television store window display . CUT to : 146 int : marsha' apartment -- night marsha have just remove she dress and stand in she bra and panty as langford unwrap the last tape from about he ankle . the room be swim in tape , like a enormous boa constrictor go mad . marsha move towards langford , she arm open . marsha oh , baby . baby . langford frees he ankle of tape just in time to side - step marsha and move quickly to the dining room table where he grab the gun . he train it on she . langford stop ! marsha move toward he . he pull the trigger , release a plastic pellet that hit marsha in the stomach , sting she . marsha ow ! langford glance down in horror at the gun which he now realize be a toy and look up in horror to see marsha , bigger than life , bear down on he . marsha do not be afraid of Marsha , baby . CUT to : 147 int : bar-restaurant - night the customer be watch the conclusion of pupkin 's monologue , along with the plainclothesmen and pupkin . we come in a split second after a joke . the customer laugh , with the exception of the mousy man who be wait , in bad humor , for pupkin 's act to finish . the plainclothesmen laugh reluctantly . pupkin , no longer stand on the bar , but back down with the other , watch with fascination . rita watch grimly , occasionally glance at pupkin . pupkin on tv but I figure it this way : better to be King for a night than schmuck for a Lifetime . ( audience and customer laugh ) good night , lady and gentleman , and God bless you . the television audience applaud and the customer applaud and cheer in good humor except for the mousy man . the half -stewed man lean across he woman to yell at pupkin as the two friend in windbreaker congratulate pupkin at the same time . there be a brief moment of carnival excitement . half - stewed man first friend hey , that 's pretty good . ( to pupkin ) schmuck for a Lifetime ! how do you think up all ( to the woman ) you know that stuff ? who he 's talkin ' about ? you brother ! second friend half -stewed woman it 's a trick , that 's what about you all . Larry can do it brother ? as good as he . half - stewed man mousy man what about he ? be it over now ? half - stewed woman first friend he 's another one . he 's funnier than Larry . Larry just make a lot half -stewed man of face . ( get a little angry ) I tell you to shut up about mousy man my brother . ( to pupkin ) well , if nobody she do not know nuthin' . mind ... pupkin take all this praise and excitement with a shy smile of satisfaction , glance at rita from time to time for she reaction . she merely stare at pupkin with a sad expression on she face . pupkin come on , rita . do not spoil the party . ( to the customer ) drink all around on I . half -stewed man ( in a loud voice , to half - stewed woman ) what about the hundred and fifty ? we never see a penny outta you brother . half -stewed woman that 's because my brother be a family man , not like phil . the argument between the half - stewed man and he woman continue at the end of the bar . the two friend have resume they intense conversation . pupkin ( to the two friend ) what will you have ? first friend I be okay . thanks , pal . second friend I , too . the mousy man have climb up on the bar and have turn the tv back to the late movie . he sit enthralled by a scene of violence courtesy of tony curtis as the Boston strangler . pupkin look down the bar at the stewed couple to offer they drink , but they be lose in a argument over the relative merit of they brother . pupkin turn to the plainclothesmen . pupkin I do not suppose you be allow anything . ( to rita ) I guess nobody 's in a celebrate mood . how about you ? you want something ? first plainclothesman it 's get time , pupkin . pupkin in a second . rita ( in a sad , serious voice to pupkin ) that be true , be not it ? ... about the kidnap . pupkin nod and shrug . pupkin now you can say you know I . that 's something , anyway . first plainclothesman come on , pupkin . pupkin ( to rita , in a quiet , tender voice ) I guess I have get go . take care of yourself , will you . and when you be bored -- you know , when you be brush you tooth or something , give I a think , okay ? rita okay . the plainclothesmen lead pupkin out of the bar . the two friend be still bury in they intense , private conversation . the plainclothesmen and pupkin walk past the half -stewed couple . half -stewed woman it 's okay to talk about my sister , but we can not say nuthin ' about phil , be that it ? half -stewed man ( to pupkin ) she 's just have one too many . the plainclothesmen lead pupkin onto the street . 148 ext : the bar - night as they walk the few step to the car , the first plainclothesman turn to pupkin . first plainclothesman I just do not get it , pupkin . you be gonna spend eight year in the can -- " minimum " -- and for what ? second plainclothesman yeah , pupkin . you throw it all away . pupkin ( vaguely ) we will see . we close in on pupkin , smile . fade to : 149 int : the jerry langford show studio - night the stage manager be count down . at zero , he point to rick ross who launch the orchestra into the langford show theme song . bert canter , stand stage right , speak into the mike . canter and now ! direct from New York ! the Jerry langford show , star Jerry 's special guest , out on bail , rupert pupkin , the kidnap King of Comedy !!!! the audience applaud mightily and the final credit roll . as they roll , the music to the langford show continue and we watch a montage that show pupkin progressively taping langford to the back of a brass bedstead on stage as the two of they talk and laugh . by the end of the montage , langford be once again mummify and pupkin , have finish , bow and smile . we close on a freeze - frame close up of pupkin in ecstasy . fade out . December 15 , 1976 draft screenplay by Paul D. Zimmerman