the_pelican brief screenplay by Alan J. pakula wo scesea oy '' no portion of this script may be perform , reproduce , or use by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium without the prior write consent of Warner bros . eirst draft February 11 , 1993 warner bros . inc . '' 1993 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . inc . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved the pelican brief the screen be blank , the first sound : epithet and scream of hate , a cacophony of fury . fade in : first image whites , black , Browns , Indians , woman , gay , Tree Lovers , Christians , abortion activist , Nazis , atheist , hunters , Animal Lovers , farmer , heckling , chant , scream , fight . the camera , low , like a child , Zigiag through this sea of rage to a unyield line of Police , and burst through they outstretch club , to reveal , like some mirage above , the Supreme Court , framed against the sky . old man ( v.0 . ) any of that sign get my name on ‘em ? int . supreme court office - day justice rosenberg , a ancient man , sit in a wheelchair , . watch through a window . gray grantham , a mid - thirtyish journalist , stand beside hin . grantham quite a few . rosenberg what do they say ? grantham the usual . death to rosenberg . retire rosenberg . cut off the oxygen . rosenberg ( chuckle ) . that 's my favorite . ( squinting at grantham ) of course , you do pretty good by I you last time out : ' rosenberg equal government over business , the individual over government , the environment over everything . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : rosenberg 's rosenberg ( cont 'd ) and the Indians , give them whatever they want . ' grantham that be not my line , sir . it be a quote . rosenberg from one of you unnamed senior White House official . senior White House son of a bitch you should have say ! get in there by whipping up this people , one against the other . never fail to amaze I what a man will do to get a oval office . grantham there 's a report , sir , that you doctor be urging you to resign . 8 rheumy , old eye look straight up at grantham 's . rosenberg Son , the present senior White House official be not appoint my successor , if I have to have my mummy sittin’ on the bench . I be go to sit here in this wheelchair and gasp my oxygen and protect the Indians , the black , the woman , the poor , the handicapped and the environment -- ( chuckle ) '' oh , yes , and let 's not forget the constitution . and only the senior official in the Sky can do one damned thing about it . man ( v.0 . ) we see today , on the step of what should be we most cherish building , -- int . tulane law school classroom - wide angle of professor callahan - day callahan be about forty - five but could pass for ten year young . ( continued ) continued : callahan on what should be we most cherish day , the day the Supreme Court of we land go into session , what be happen the we found father 's dream . abortion clinic bomb , doctor attack and beat , gay attack by people who dare call themselves Christians , church attack by militant gay , white supremacist attack black , hispanics , asian . America 's favorite pastime now be hate . int . law school CLASS - close on darby shaw - day a attractive young girl . she look at she professor with pride and admiration . callahan ( v.0 . ) this be the country ble d with the great gift of governance bestow on any people : the constitution . it 's a appropriate day to be explore a dissent opinion of justice rosenberg , the last of the great judicial activist . the sound of the sea wash over she . and then a muffle engine hum . the hum grow louder . ext . coast of NORTH CAROLINA - night a small craft float in the direction of the pier , a camouflage silhouette crouching low , work the motor the hum stop . the craft stall thirty foot from the pier . ext . coast of NORTH CAROLINA - wide angle - old man - night a man dress like a old farmer , with straw hat , bib . etc. , look towards the engine sound . he place a cigarette between he lip . man in the boat ( v.q. ) what kind of cigarette ? old man lucky Strike . int . pickup truck - night the old man climb in on the driver 's side . the other door open and a black adida gym bag be throw onto the seat . the man from the boat climb in beside it . he have a heavy beard , dark glass , and wear a black turtleneck . he take off he glass and rub he eye . they have a intensity we will not forget . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - dawn the truck stop at the corner of thirty - first and m street in georgetown . the man from the boat grab he gym bag and hit the sidewalk . ext . four season HOTEL ( WASHINGTON d.c . ) - early morning the man from the boat enter . int . four season HOTEL ( WASHINGTON d.c . ) - hallway - close on room door - day a dark - complect hand knock on the door . voice from inside ( v.0 . ) yes ? int . HOTEL - hallway - day the man from the boat stand at the door . man from boat ( in perfect English ) look for Mr. sneller . — int . HOTEL room - day a distinguished middle - age man stand at the door . Mr. sneller ? man from boat ( v.0 . ) yes. Edwin F , sneller . int . hallway - close on man from boat - day the sound of paper be slid across carpet . the man look down . man' Pov of envelope ease from under the door . back to scene camera pan up to the man as he pick up the envelope and open it . there be a memorandum and a key inside . he walk to the room next door . a copy of i rost lie in front of the door . he put the key in the door , pick up the paper and enter . int . HOTEL room - day the phone ring . he pick it up . sneller ( v.0 . ) everything 's in place . man 411 the money must be there when I arrive in Zurich . : sneller ( v.0 . ) it will be there , if the job be finish . man it will be finish . he hang up and stretch out on the bed with the paper . insert - WASHINGTON post - front page a formal photograph of the Supreme Court justice above a story about the first day of its new session . the story be by Gray granthan . : the caption below the photograph identify the youngish man next to rosenberg as justice Jensen . the subheading of the story be : jensen the wildcard . close shot - man from boat reading . a mischievous smile cross he face . ext . rosenberg house - night a glce ceorgetown House . a plainclothes man sit outside the house . camera move past he to a light window on the ground floor , and then move through the window . int . rosenberg's bedroom - night justice rosenberg be asleep in a special hospital bed . a male nurse lower the light and draw the drape . he sit down in a chair , reach for a mouse , and turn on the television . he flick the channel until he come to " stud " : woman and man tell semi-prurient tale about they dating . camera move into the face of the male nurse , intent . on the program ; a closet door in back of he inch open . the nurse 's face break into a delighted smile at some lewd comment . the tip of a gun appear on the side of the screen next to he head . the smile freeze ; he face fall out of frame . a dull thud as the head hit the floor . camera pan over to the old justice on the bed . blood trickle from he mouth , he eye close now in eternal sleep . ext . rosenberg house - back door - night door open stealthily . a man in run short and reebok , 's clean -shaven , short blond hair under a cap , slide out . ext . gerogetown back alley - night the man run toward camera . he stop for a moment to look back . he turn back to camera , he eye fill the screen , the eye of the man from the boat . a instant , and he 's go . camera hold on the alley . no sound except from the tv set of a neighbor house : newscaster ( v.0 . ) the latest poll do not look good for the President . with the first primary just month away , he approval rating continue on its downward spiral . 7 . ext . movie theater ticket booth ( WASHINGTON , d.c . ) - closeup - ticket - night as a male hand scoops it up . int . movie theatre - sparsely -filled balcony ( WASHINGTON , d.c . ) - night all man . the ecstatic all - male groans and grunt that emanate from the sceen indicate the kind of film that hold they interest , a man in a fedora and sunglass walk down the aisle and sit in @ corner , away from the other . he take off the hat and sunglass revealing a face we see in the picture in the Post : justice Jensen , the wild card of the Court . a bag of popcorn fall into view above he head , as some - one sit down in the seat above . camera pan . up to the bag of popcern sit on a tight - jeaned lap . a strand of yellow nylon ski rope be wrap like a belt from around the waist . a familiar dark - complect hand reach into the bag of popcorn . camera follows the popcorn - fill hand to the new man 's face . he sport a earring , horn -rimm shade , and a mustache . camera move into close shot of he eye , the eye of the man from the boat . : camera move down with the man 's hand as it reach down to the popcorn bag again . this time the hand go under the popcorn bag and pull the strand of yellow nylon ski rope from he waist . camera pan down to Jensen 's face below , fixate on the screen and the magnify sound of lust . the nylon rope loop just under he larynx with a violent wrench . the rope yank downward , snap the head over the back of the seat . the neck break cleanly . camera pan up to the seat above . it be empty . close shot - laminated white house pass a i.d. photograph of a old black man ; next to he name , JOHN sargent . the i.d. specifies he be a White House janitor . camera pan up to time clock at 4:45 a.m. officer in the booth ( 0.s. ) how. ya doin ' , sarge ? ext . white house entrance booth - very early morning the officer in the loot !: hand the i.d. back to the old black man . sarge ( JOHN sargent ; old black man ) no complaint . camera pan with sarge as he trudge up the driveway . camera pan slightly left to reveal the White House . the light in the oval Office pop on . man ( v.0 . ) they find rosenberg around 1:00 a.m. wide angle - oval office - very early morning the President sit behind he desk . coal , he Chief of staff , face he . coal his nurse be also murder . Jensen be find in some queer club two hour later . voyle call I , wildly uspet . this be hardly good for the reputation of the f.b.i . he and gminski be on the way . president gminski ? coal " | the c.i.a. should be include , at least for now . I [ suggest you address the nation in a couple of hour . we have to wait ' till daylight , at least seven , if we want a audience . a coat and tie at 7 a.m. may seem - a bit rehearse . how about a cardigan ? president you want I to address the nation in this hour of crisis in a sweater ? coal it 's rally round the leader time . you approval rating will go through the roof . ( more ) ( continued continued : director ccoal ( cont 'd ) I have call justice and instruct they to begin a preliminary list of nominee . the restructure of the court will be you legacy . voyle and gminski enter . president any suspect ? voyle too early . we will have ballistic and autopsy by late this afternoon . president I would like a report on you security and where it break down . voyle you be assume it break down , Mr. President . president we have two dead judge , both of whom be be protect by the f.b.i . ( turn to gminski ) Bob , I wan a straight answer . be this killing in any way link to any agency , operation , " | group , whatever , of the United States government ? gminski I be shocked you would even think it . president rosenberg do not believe in mational security . he make thousand of enemy in intelligence . just check it out , okay . gminski okay . ( continued ) 10 . continued : coal it suggest we meet here at five this afternoon , gentleman . be that agreeable ? gminski and voyle nod . close shot - close eye of darby shaw as the first ray of morning sunlight fall over they . int . callahan' bedroom ( french quarter , new orlean ) - early morning camera pull back to a full shot of she , snuggle against the sleep figure of callahan . from french door open onto a balcony of a tv set across the courtyard : announcer ( v.0 . ) lady and gentleman , the President of the United States . darby open she eye , reach over to the bedside table for the mouse and turn on the television . darby' Pov - television set across from bed the President sit behind the desk in a brown cardigan with no tie . . darby ( 0.s. ) Thomas ! wake up ! close shot - darby and callahan callahan sit up , rub he eye . he have all the symptom of a man with a hangover . president ( v.0 . ) last night , a night that like Pearl Harbor , shall live in infamy , Supreme Court justice rosenberg and Jensen be assassinate . callahan cheartbroken ) rosenberg ? murdered ? 11 . darby and callahan be Pov - television screen - day president ( v.0 . ) I can assure each and every american that everything be be and will be do to bring the culprit or culprit to justice . ext . balcony outside callahan' apartment - morning callahan and darby , now dress , be have coffee . callahan half a lifetime later and we be back in Dallas . darby obviously , someone or some group want a different court . the election be next year . a president at least halfway closer to the center may be elect President . why take a chance on he nomination ? kill they now , a year before the election . callahan but why Jensen ? he be nominate by this administration . in most issue , he be one hundred and eighty degree from rosenberg . . ( rise ) I need a bloody mary . darby do not you think you have enough * , last night ? callahan I can not bear to look at this world sober . camera move in closer to darby 's , face , frustrated and concerned . loudspeaker ( ¥.0 . ) all passenger on Air France concord Flight to Paris please board at Gate 1 . int . dulle airport - passenger lounge - morning sedate , well - dress passenger in first - class lounge as they rise and exit toward camera . ( continued ) 12 . continued : a conserv-tively - dress businessman walk toward u~ , clean -shaven , he hair a nondescript brownish color . he stop , wait for the couple in frent of he to collect they bag . the camera move into he eye , the eye of the man in the Boat . voyle ( v.0 . ) whoever do the actual killing be feed a lot of information . int . white house - oval office - late afternoon the President be have he 5:00 p.m. with gminski , coal , and a miserable - lock voyle . president such as ? voyle such as that Jensen have become expert at avoid f.b.i. protection , and that rosenberg have refuse a security system in he house , and keep we boy outside . coal you be suggest a conspiracy . president then who be the conspirator ? who be you suspect ? voyle | this must be keep very quiet . coal of course it 's confidential . you be in the oval Office . voyle give coal a look that say , " and you know that 's the problem . '' voyle we know of at least eleven member of the Underground Army who have be in the D.C. area for a week . we suspect they in at least a hundred bombing of abortion cliny , a.c.l.u. office , porno house , gay club , all over the country . ( more ) ( continued ) 13 , continued : voyle ( cont 'd ) and there 's a Aryan group call White resistance we have be watch . the leader be spot Monday in the demonstration outside the Court . gminski the truth be you do not have a Prime suspect at the moment , just a few good possibility . president you mean we may never know who do it . int . white house hallway - late afternoon the door to the oval Office open . voyle and gminski enter into the hallway . they pass sarge , the old black man , clean . closeup - computer printout of the Supreme Court 's docket . wide angle - cluttered study carrel - late afternoon on the fifth level of the tulane Law Library . darby Shaw stand between rack of seldom-use law bock scan the printout . darby' Pov - computer and computer screen - night int . tulane law school library - computer room - night darby peck away at the keyboard , find what she want . int . computer room - night darby stand at @ printer as it spews forth page after page . closeup - page the printer be spew forth . page after page of appe . pend in the eleven federal appellate court around the country . 14 . int . tulane law school library - study carrel - night da.oy place a six -inch thich summary of the eleven docket on she desk . she kick off she shoe and she begin to plow through the printout . evangelist ( v.0 . ) the justice rosenbergs be today 's anti-christ , commit to the rights of criminal , atheist , agnostic , and the pervert , that the devil have possess . 4 tv late night show fill the screen . a thousand chant people on they knee , lead by a shouting evangelical leader . evangelist ( v.0 . ) we must protect we country and ourselves from they . a group of reporter sit around a table in a show like Washington week in Review . Gray grantham be among then . anchor ( v.0 . ) today that evangelist issue a statement say rosenberg 's death be God 's will . and there be a lot of people who feel that way . grantham grantham ( v.0 . ) justice rosenberg tell I only hour before he die , that the ' , last presidential campaign be so divisive ... int . callahan 's apartment - night callahan be sit in front of the tv with a drink . the door open and darby enter . grantham ( v.0 . ) so exploitative of fear and prejudice , that it would inevitably lead to violence . darby kiss the back of he head . he reach up with he hand and squeeze hers , ( continued ) continued : 15 . callahan that grantham be a man after my own heart . anchor ( v.0 . ) we will return , after a message . callahan ( mute the tv sound ) where have you be ? it 's almost midnight . darby the library . I study a printout of the Supreme Court docket . tr even make a list of possible suspect , and throw it in the garbage because they would be obvious to anyone . and then I look for area that Jensen and rosenberg might have in common . Jensen -- with some notable exception -- be generally consistent in he protection of the rights of criminal defendant , he have write three majority opinion strongly protective of the environment , and he be near perfect in support of tax protestor . have you eat ? callahan in @ liquid sort of way . how about a drink ? yy / darb ' why do not I make we both some tea ? callahan that 's my girl . always try to set a good example . ( rise ) I will stick with bourbon . darby everyone 's assume the motive be hatred or revenge , or a attempt to influence the social agenda of the Court . but what if the issue involve old - fashioned material greed ? a case that involve a great deal of money . ( continued ) 16 . continued : c. ( pour he bourbon ) do you realize that every little legal scholar in the country be do exactly what you be do ? darby if there be enough of we , maybe one of we be go to get lucky . callahan as for I , I be cancel class for a week . the gift of reason be puny weapon in the face of such brutality . darby that 's not what you teach I . callahan turn on the SOUND again . anchor ( v.0 . ) let 's explore what kind of justice the President will select to replace they . for background , we have a piece on he campaign oratory of three year ago . tv screen image of the President accept the nomination at he party 's convention . president ( v.0 . ) ' it be time the majority of right - think citizen take back this country from the special social interest group who want special social rights . great applause from the convention . coal sit in back of the President , cuing the applause . close shot - callahan and darby callahan you do not think you be really go to solve this crime . darby I can not stay away from it . ( continued ) 17 . o~ continued : the case and give I back my faith callahan } so you will work long hour , solve ' in reason . darby I be not that dumb . callahan no. just that caring . int . federal build ( lafayette LA ) - clerk office - day darby enter and stop at a counter . clerk can I help . you ? darby slide a Strip of paper through the window . darby . pam I would like to see this file . clerk why ? darby it 's public record , be not it ? semi-public . . . darby be you familiar with the freedom of information Act ? int . federal build - jury room - day there sre no table or chair , only file cabinet and box lining the wall . clerk ( point ) this first file cabinet have all the pleading and correspondence . the rest be discovery , exhibit , i and the trial . darby when be the trial ? ( continued ) 18 . continued : clerk last summer . it go on for two month . darby where 's the appeal ? clerk not perfect yet . I think the deadline be November first . darby open a drawer full of pleadings . close on drawer as darby go through it . she stop at a particular file and remove it from the drawer , int . darby' apartment - night darby sit at a personal computer go over she note . there be great pile of then . knock on door over : int . darby' apartment - doorway - darby' Pov - night callahan be at the deor , hold a bag contain a pizza and a bottle of wine . callahan you have not return my call . int . darby' apartment - night darby I think we have a rule , Thomas . about come to ay place . callahan what we do be not illegal . ( smile ) on second think , in this state everything 's illegal . darby I do not think the Dean would be enthusiastic . ( continued 19 . continued : callahan the Dean be not my type . darby Professor callahan , you be impossible . callahan rear Professor callahan . darby dear Professor callahan , you be im ... there be a knock on the door . alice stark ( 0.s. ) darby ? it 's Alice . be you there ? I be go out for a burger . feel like join I ? callahan put he hand over darby 's mouth . int . hallway outside darby' room - night alice , a plain girl who sit next to darby in class , wait at the door . alice stark darby ? int . darby' apartment - night she knock again , 2 beat , and then the sound of footstep go down the stair . callahan remove he hand from darby 's mouth . callahan almost catch in flagrante delicto by the dread Alice . he take out the pizza box and the liter of wine and put they down on the kitchenette counter . she open a drawer and remove 's corkscrew . callahan I blow my cover because I be hungry for intellectual discussion and animal sex , the sort of thing I find unsatisfactory with you answer machine . and I be leave town tomorrow . ( continued ) 20 . continued : ~ '' darby the con Law Conference in ) Washington . , callahan right . he go over to she desk and look over the book and kerox and note . callahan so , Ms. Shaw , who do it ? ( look over she note ) you have get some obscure suspect - unknown to the f.b.i. , the c.i.a. , the secret service and one thousand police department ? darby I bad one , which I have now discard . callahan you skip class for three day , ignore I , and now you be throw it away ? i darby ( point to the note on the table ) look at it . but do not laugh , okay ? you be right . it be ludicrous of I to think thet I could solve it . what you call not the hubris of the young . callahan do not knock the hubris that I love . she bring over a glass of wine and hand it to he . he take it , but she see that he hand be shaking . callahan sorry . it 's be a rough week for the like of I . darby iim sorry . I kind of desert you oo this week . not the great timing . he take she in he arm and kiss she . ( continued ) 21 . continued : calla i God , I have miss you ! she snuggle in he arm . callahan I hate it , you know . miss any one that much . it 's not suppose to be my thing . they start to make love . camera start to sink with they down onto the couch , but stop at the table desk as they go out of sight . camera hold on the sheaf of papers comprise darby 's note . int . inner CITY coffee shop ( WASHINGTON d.c . ) - close on ' grantham grantham - early morning sit in a booth . G how 's the President ? two shot of grantham and sarge the old black janitor , who be sit opposite he . sarge which one ? . grantham not coal . the elect one . sarge swell . just swell . ( heavy irony ) he 's awful tore up about rosenberg , of course . grantham I bet . sarge and all het up about restructure the court . thinks it will make he place in history . grantham that sound like coal . ( continued ) -— — oo 22 . continued : sarge there 's a short list of nominee . the original have twenty or so name , then it be cut to eight . ( hand he a sheet of paper under the table ) I get two . grantham what about the investigation ? sarge I have not hear much , but as usual I will keep my ear open . insert - WASHINGTON post hold in a man 's hand . article headline : White House Court short list by Gray grantham . int . bar ( WASHINGTON , d.c . ) - early evening callahan be read the article as he finish a drink . he motion for another . . : man ( v.0 . ) you be read that damned grantham piece . callahan look in back of he . he smile as he recognize he old friend , gavin verheek . he get up and they shake hand . verheek one of this year I want to see you name on that list . of we whole damned class , you be the one we bet would make the Court . callahan this day it 's hard enough to make my class . ( wave for another drink ) who leak that information , gavin ? ( continued ) continued : 23 . verheek coal blast the director this morning , say it have to be one of we at the f.b.i . but the director think it be leak by coal , himself , to test the water . callahan that bastard run the most divisive campaign in twenty year , and the President act as if it be not happen . verheek the President do not know the half of what he do , and coal telis he that 's essential , to protect he deniability . callahan deniability : it 's a eighties word that come in with eighties moral . verheek which bring I to , how old 's the latest ? twenty -four , but very mature . he downs he drink . callahan her father be kill in a plane crash four yesr ago . fortunately , ' , she mother get a nice settlement . verheek then she have money . callahan she 's comfortable . verheek do you have a photo ? callahan no . she 's not a grandchild or a poodle . who kill they , gavin ? verheek Thomas , I be just a lawyer with the bureau , not a agent . ( continued : 24 . continued : callahan as I recall , you have great ear , my friend . verheek the truth ? we do not have a clue . callahan reach into he coat pocket and remove a thick envelope . callahan take a look at this when you get a chance . verheek what be it ? callahan it 's sort of a brief . darby write it , my girl . she 's a brilliant student , with a passion for constitutional law . verheek sound like a fellow I know at law school . callahan she take off four day last week and come up with she own theory , which she have now discard . but read it anyway . it 's fascinating . I mean , it can not hurt , can it ? voice ( v.0 . ) . ( low and timid ) be this Gary srentham with the Washington poat int . grantham grantham's apartment - very early morning Gray be in bed , barely awake , hold the phone . grantham it be . voice ( v.0 . ) I be sorry to call you at such a crazy hour . but I be on my way to work and stop at a pay phone . I can not call from home or the affice . ( continued ) continued : 25 . grantham what kind of office ? voice ( v.0 . ) I be a attorney . grantham private or government ? voice ( v.0 . ) I would rather not say . ( blurt it out ) I may know something about rosenberg and Jensen . be you recording this ? grantham no . voice ( v.0 . ) can this call be trace ? Z be not recording and I will not trace it . voice ( v.0 . ) I think I may know who kill they . grantham why do not you tell I you name , okay ? I swear it 's confidential . voice Garcia . G that 's not a real name , be it ? voice ( v.0 . ) no . I think I stumble across something at the office that I be not suppose to see . . grantham do you have a copy of it ? voice ( v.0 . ) I need to think about this . I have not sleep in a week , and I 'a not think rationally . he hang up . ( continued ) 26 . continued : grantham look at the row of number on he phone and punch seven digit , wait , then six more , then four more . he scribbles a number on 4 pad by the phone and hang up . he pull out the yellow page from a shelf , flip through they and stop at pay phone Inc . insert - yellow page we follow grantham 's finger until it hit the number he have just scribble on the pad . it list the number at fifteenth Street in Pentagon City . insert - man' hand give the envelope contain darby 's brief to a woman 's hand . int . f.b.i. build - verheek outer office - day verheek ( to secretary ) send this to Eric East . teli he to look it over when he have a minute . int . oval office - day coal enter to find k.0 . lewis and eric east wait . the President be not there . k.0 . lewis the director have some press business . he send he apology . coal ( amused ) and he underling . with the President away , he do not care to meet with I alone . k.0 . Lewis place a four-inch stack of the latest report on the table . ( continued ) continued : Eric East 27 . eric east the french authority be routinely review footage take by the security camera at che Paris airport , and they think they recognize a face that might be khamel 's , the terrorist . he may have be on a flight that arrive from dulle about ten hour after we find Jensen 's body . coal okay . wht if it 's khamel , and what if he be involved in the killing ? k.0 . lewis it mean we will never find he . there be at least nine country , include Israel , actively stalking he right now . coal anything else ? lewis maybe a small new wrinkle . pull out a copy of darby 's brief from he dispatch case . eric east it 's a theory that 's surface in the last twenty - four hour , and director voyle be quite intrigue by it . he 's afraid it could be ' damaging to the President . coal ( stone - face ) how 's that ? eric east ( place the brief on the table ) it 's. all here in this report . coal look down at it , stone - face . coal' Pov darby 's brief . 28 . int . director voyle ' office - day eric east well , he do not exactly sweat i  . but when he get that great stone-face you know he 's not exactly happy . voyle we all know it 's a long shot , unworthy of serious attention , but how often do something come along that make coal sweat and run for cover ! ext . andrews AIR base - night the President emerge from Air Force one . the usual press coverage . coal stand , a gray eminence in the rear . int . limousine ( andrews AIR base ) - night the President sink low in he seat . president oksy . what 's so important ? coal hand over a copy of darby 's brief . coal a eager - beaver law student at tulane write this . the premise be so farfetch it 's absurd , but voyle , for whatever reason of he own , have decide he must not pursue . president we can not control he investigation . coal I think you should ask gminski to have the c.i.a. investigate . if we know more than voyle , you can convince he to back off . president it 's domestic . the c.i.a. have no business snooping around . it 's illegal . coal technically . ( continued ' 29 . continued : prestnent , what about barr and the unit ? be not that what you call they ? coal L have talk to barr . they be good for small , specific mission , 1ike research , wiretapp , even petty burglary ; but they hardly have the resource of the c.i.a . the President take the brief and toss it on the empty seat next to he . president the person mention in the brief . be it someone we both know ? coal yes . ext . dupont circle ( WASHINGTON ) - day a non descript man # 1 sit on a park bench with a brown paper bag . he take out a banana and peel it . a equally non descript man # 2 sit down next to he with a bag of peanut . man # 2 ( shelling the peanut ) gminski be in the White House until midnight last night . this little pelican thing have then scared . the President want we to _ secretly investigate it . he want to know there 's nothing to it so he can convince voyle to back off . man # 1 there 's probably nothing to it . man # 2 voyle be just have a little fun with the President and coal ? he neatly place the banana peel in the paper bag and take out a sandwich . man # 1 what do gminski tell the President ? ( continued ) 30 . continued : man # 2 that it would be illegal , but in the light of all they pressure , etc. etc. and he send I off to talk to you . man # 1 voyle appreciate it . int . restaurant ( new orlean ) - night darby and callahan at dinner . in the b.g. we hear a old record of billie holliday sing '' lover man . '' callahan ( quite piss ) IL have decide my agenda for the future . I plan to stay in bed , drink , make love and forget the whole damned mess . that 's a invitation , my dear . if you love I . darby I love you . callahan be it love ? or just a severe case of savior complex suffer by the ambitious young ? darby fuck you . . callahan oh , come on , darby . what 's happen to you sense of humor ? a waiter come over to they . waiter . can I tempt you with dessert ? darby just coffee . callahan cognac . a double , if you please . the waiter leave . darby I be drive . ( continued ) 31 . continued : callahan : oh , come off it . I be as sober as ... ( he snort ) a judge . ext . restaurant ( new orlean ) - night callahan and darby emerge from the restaurant . he pull the car key from he pocket . darby please , darling . give I the key . callahan grip they and stagger on into the parking lot . she catch up to hin . darby just give I the key . or I be walk . callahan then have a nice walk . darby Thomas ! please ! let I drive ! he ignore she , walk unsteadily to the car . he un - lock the door , squeeze downward , and disappear between the other car . darby turn to the street and wave for a cab . the roak of calishan 's porsche , as he gun the engine . she look back in time to see the explosion , callahan 's porsche flip upside down , devoure by flame . darby start toward it , scream for callahan . a second explosion from inside the firebal ) throw she to the ground . she black out . : two man drag darby by the elbow back to the sidewalk . sound of siren . a cop fall to he knee and wave & badge under she nose . cop ma'am , sergeant rupert , n.o.p.d . a ambulance be on the way . ( continued ) 32 . continued : : darby stare blankly '' : hia as a FIRE truck scream to 4 halt just foot away . she look back at what little be - main of the porsche , piece of smolder , twisted metal where there once have be a man and a car . rupert pull she up . darby manage to regain use of she leg . she and rupert walk through the crowd to a unmark cop car . he open the front door and gingerly place she in the passenger 's seat . another cop squat in the door . he wear jeans and cow - boy boot with point toe . , cop in cowboy boot could I have you name ? darby darby Shaw . another cop car , one with decal and light , squeal to a stop in front of rupert 's . rupert disappear . the cow - boy cop close the door . she lay she head on the driv - er 's seat , and curl into a knot . her eye close again and she pass out . blackness ... sound of knocking on a window over the blackness . darby' Pov - through window a policeman in uniform be knock on the window . . policeman open the door , lady ! close shot - darby darby sit up , open the door and stumble out . darby' Pov - callahan' car a solitary fireman hose down the burnt frame of the porsche . 33 . close shot - darby and policeman policeman whoever it be never know what hit he . be this you car ? darby it 's rupert 's . policeman rupert ? darby sergeant rupert . one of you guy . darby who the hell 's rupert ? darby he say he be a cop . he motion to a man in a suit to come over . man in suit I be Lieutenant Olson , New Orleans p.d. ( to second cop ) check the plate . the second cop quickly scribbles down the tag number from rupert 's car and call it in . int . olson's police car ( ST . charle STREET , new orlean ) ~ night Olson be 's drive . darby sit next to he , in shock . olson ( man in suit ) we have no record of a cop name rupert , there be no cop here with cowboy boot , and the computer have no record of the tag number on the car . must be fake tag . int . charity hospital - emergency room entrance - night Olson lead she into the room , sit she down among the wait ill and wounded , go over to talk to the lady behind the window and then return . ( continued ) 34 . continued : olson it will be a few minute . sit tight . I be gonna move the car , and I will be back . Olson leave . darby close she eye . when she open they , she be look - ing down at : darby' Pov - pair of cowboy boot and tight jeans identical to this wear by one of the fake cop earlier -- in front of she . emergency room - close shot - darby - night she look up in fear . darby' Pov it be someone else . back to scene the fear remain . camera follows darby as she rise and walk through a pair of double door . ext . hospital loading dock on alley - night darby walk off the load dock into the alley and turn inte the street . ext . royal STREET ( french quarter , new orlean ) - night ' darby disappear into the group of people , tourist type and night - time regular . ext . holiday inn ( french quarter ) - night darby enter . 36 . continued : darby ( v.0 . ) where be it now ? verheek well , I read it , then send it to some folk within the Bureau , who show it to director voyle . darby ( v.0 . ) have it be see outside the FBI ? verheek I can not answer that , darby . darby ( v.0 . ) then I will not tell you what 's happen to Thomas . verheerk okay . yes , it 's be see outside the f.b.i . by whom and by how many , I do not know . darby ( v.0 . ) he 's dead , gavin . he be murder around ten last night . someone plant a car bomb for both of we . I get lucky , but now they be after I . verheek reach for a pad by the bed and start scrib - bling note . verheek where be you stay ? what 's , you phone number ? darby ( v.0 . ) not so fast , gavin . verheek come on , darby ! Thomas callahan be my best friend . give I fifteen minute and we will have a dozen agent pick you up . you can not stay on the street . darby ( v.0 . ) Thomas be dead because he talk to you . tell that to director voyle . ( continued } 37 . continued : a click , as darby han up . president ( v.0 . ) how serious be you take this pelican thing ? int . oval office - day the President be talk to voyle alone . voyle I have assign fourteen agent in New Orleans . I doubt if there 's anything to it , Mr. President , but we have get to check it out . president I do not have to tell you , Denton , how much this nonsense could hurt if the press find out . silence . president I just wish you would back off this thing . I mean , what the hell , it 's a goose chase . voyle be you ask I to ignore a suspect , Mr. President ? president tf the press see it and start * digging , I would be crucify . voyle so you be ask I to back off ? camera move up the wall to hide camera . int . white house - west wing - SMALL locked room - day coal languish in a comfortable chair . president ( v.0 . ) back off and chase the real suspect . ignore it for a couple of week . 38 . int . SMALL locked room - coal be Pov - television set - day President and voyle in the gval Office on the screen . voyle ( v.0 . ) you hatchet man coal have do a number on I with the press . they have eat my lunch over the security we provide to rosenberg and Jensen . you get that pit bull off my ass ... ext . rubenstein clothing store ( canal STREET , new orlean camera move in close on the glass and sees a girl 's face scour the street , she image break by the reflection in the glass . her hair be tuck into the hood of a parka , she eye be hide behind a pair of aviator sun - glass and she maekup be quite different from darby 's . but it be darby . voyle ( v.0 . ) and I will forget the pelican theory for a while . ext . canal STREET - darby' Pov - in front of rubensteinxs clothing store - day camera pan over the usual street crowd and stop at a short , thick , powerful stump of a man . he stand there , look at a newspaper ; but he eye appear over the newspaper , examine the crowd . close shot - darby behind glass she pull away . ext . magazine STREET - in back of rubensteinxs clothing store - day darby exit and lose herself in the crowd . int . FBI build - k.o. lewis' office - day gavin verheek be talk to Lewis . ( continued ) y 39 . continued : verheek Thomas callahan , my friend from tulane who bring I the pelican brief , be blow to bit by a car bomb last night in New Orleans . lewis I be sorry . verheek darby Shaw , the girl who write it , be suppose to be in the car when it explode . lewis - I just get off the phone with the director . pelican 's off we list . if it be ever really on . we be focus on the Underground Army . look , when the director say put it on a back burner , he mean a back burner . but you be free to talk to he . when he get back in town . phone ringing over . int . WASHINGTON post newsroom - grantham's desk - day Gray be not there . a journalist at the next desk reach over and pick it up . man' voice ( v.0 . ) this be Garcia . journalist Mr. grantham 's not here . but he leave he car number for you . int . grantham's volvo - parked on pennsylvania avenue car phone ringing . Gray pick it up . his other hand hold the telephoto finder of a camera to he eye . grantham's Pov - through telephoto finder a man stand in phone booth a block away . ( continued ) 40 . continued : garcia ( v.0 . ) grantham ? grantham yes . garcia ( v.0 . ) it 's Garcia . I still do not know what to do . grantham ( a reassure , caring voice ) Mr. Garcia , if you remember , I go to jail once rather than reveal a source . I know what hell this have to be for you . but you be clearly a decent man , a good citizen . do you really think you can live in any kind of peace without revealing what you know ? ext . telephone booth ( pennsylvania avenue , WASHINGTON ) - day garcia listen to grant 's persuasive voice . camera whip pan away from Garcia in the phone booth -- and , in a shocking move -- a block whip by we -- and we stop on the volvo . camera slam into a closeup through the window of Gray 's finger on the camera , as he take picture after picture . int . white house - coal 's office - day a young assistant of coal , a junior version of he boss , be read a@ memo . coal lean back behind he desk , amused . man' voice ( assistant ) ( 0.s. ) khamel ... the most famous assassin in the world . coal and he link to the libyan and Palestinians ... have it circulate on every desk in the West wing . by someone of a neutral stripe totally remove from we . ( continued ) 41 . continued : assistant ( man' voice ) unsign ? coal unsign . assistant the phantom memo ride again . coal ( smile ) by this time tomorrow voyle will be swear up and down the leak be not the Bureau 's . of course we will not believe he . ext . bus stop ( downtown WASHINGTON ) - evening a bus come up . it stop . among the people come out be sarge . he pass Gray and , without stop , slip a envelope in he coat pocket . Gray get on the bus . it 's as if they never meet . int . grantham's apartment ( WASHINGTON ) - phantom memo on desk - night smith keen ( 0.s. ) smell like a White House plant to I . int . WASHINGTON post - office of smith keen , assistant managing editor - day grantham and smith keen , he editor , be look at a copy of the phantom memo . smith keen someone in the White House of fool , probably coal , want the world to know that khamel have emerge as a suspect , and that he have close tie to country lead by fiery idiot who hate America . and you think we be the idiot who should do it . grantham fuck coal . just judge it on its merit as a story . 42 . int . marriot HOTEL ( new orlean ) + fifteenth floor - night darby sit on the bed in a new hotel room . she be watch television , a can of mace beside she . her long red hair be now short and black . insert - tv screen , CNN news - night news anchor ( v.0 . ) a article in tomorrow morning 's edition of i maintain that , accord to unnamed White House source , the Middle Eastern terrorist , know as khamel , may be one of that who carry out the assassination of justice rosenberg and Jensen . the article , by reporter Gray gratham , report ... closeup through binoculars of light window of darby 's hotel room . man ( 0.s8 . ) she 's watch television . int . sheraton HOTEL ( new orlean ) - room - night gminski and three agent be in the room . hooten , gminski 's aide and confidant , be look through the binocular . . gminski they be look under rock . she 's use credit card . she will be dead in forty - eight hour . agent # 2 I will give she seventy - two . gminski ( dismiss agent ) we will meet at six a.m. ( to he aide and confidant ) hooten , stay . the other exit . ( continued ) 43 . continued : gminski this mean she little brief be directly on point . it could have enormous political repercussion . hooten be you go to notify the president ? gminski notify the president mean notify coal . hooten I understand . ( beat ) do we bring she in ? gminski we can not go around snatching civilian off the sidewalk . agent # 1 then she will not last long . gminski let 's sleep on it . if you can convince I to snatch she , then I will say do it . int . decaying office build ( WASHINGTON ) - dingy office - night copy of soldier of fortune magazine be scattered around . ' physical workout equipment -- dumbbell , weight , etc . -- be stack on one wall . coal be talk to a powerfully - build middle - age man who look like the ex - Marine he be . his sleeve be roll up , revealing tattoo . he squeeze a hand and wrist exerciser through the scene . ' coal do you ever run across khamel , barr ? barr no. during my c.i.a. day we be sure he be dead . in the early year he be the consummate political terrorist . now he kill for money . ( continued ) 44 . continued : coal I think I know who hire he to kill rosenberg and Jensen . barr can you share this bit of gossip ? coal not yet . I want you to follow Gray grantham and find out who he 's talk to . barr tap tap ? coal his apartment and he car . int . bed and breakfast - lobby - day darby be check in . clerk how do you want to pay ? darby reach for she american Express card , think better of it and put it back in she bag . darby Cash . she be learn . int . darby' room - day darby on the phone . darby what do Mr. voyle say , verheek ? verheek ( v.0 . ) Mr. voyle have be unavailable . I will try to talk to he later today . darby I expect more . ( continued ) 45 . continued : verheek ( v.0 . ) there will be a memorial service tomorrow at three on campus , with burial afterward in the city . I will be there tonight . I think we should meet . darby , I could save you life . darby I do not know . you can not even talk to the director . where will you stay ? verheek ( v.0 . ) the Hilton , by the river . sound of people scream and cheering and end of a football game in progress over : int . crowded bar ( on ST . peter , deep in the quarter ) - night it be Friday night of a big football game in the Quarter . half and completely drunken fan be watch the big game on a tv set over the bar , cheer , scream , and groan , depend on the fate of the home team . darby be in a tiny booth in a corner , wear sunglass and a hat . she reach up and stop a girl walk by . it 's she old friend , Alice . Alice do not recognize she . darby reach and remove the sunglass . her eye be red and tired . Alice sit down opposite she . darby I do not know who else to call . Alice stare at this strange , haunt new version of she friend . darby you get into my apartment ? Alice nod , reach into she purse , take a printout of the directory from darby 's computer and hand it to she . alice ( as darby study it ) you say there be around forty entry , but , see , there be no more than ten . ( more ) ( continued ) gp 46 . continued : alice ( cont 'd ) that mean most of the hard - drive memory be go . I could not find a single floppy disk , and you red expandable file ? they be empty . darby stuff the printout into a pocket . darby they go to my apartment and erase what they want to erase . alice who be this people ? . darby if you want to help , go to the memorial service tomorrow . spread the word that I call you from Denver where I be stay with a aunt with a name you do not know , and that I have drop out this semester but I will be back in the spring . I think some people will be listen carefully . ext . french quarter - alley - night darby emerge from the kitchen door of the oyster bar . ext . STREET ( french quarter ) - night darby walk by camera . camera hold on she back , as she walk through the crowd . a man come into the f.g. of the shot . he stop . his back , very close to the camera , cover three quarter of the screen . she turn the corner . camera stays in place . the man follow . his foot come through frame , clad in snakeskin cowboy boot . ext . corner of ST . peter and chartre STREET ( french quarter ) - night darby walk past a crowded sidewalk cafe . ( continued ) 47 . continued : camfra pan from darby to she Pov of the cafe . a familiar stocky figure sit in front , stump . ~ camera stop for a split second at stump as he drink he coffee . but in that split second he look up . camera whip pan back to darby as she recognize he . she keep walk , but faster now . in back of she , stump be on he foot and weaving through the table . ext . corner of bourbon STREET and dumain ( french quarter ) - night darby turn on to bourbon Street , camera following at she pace . stump move into the frame . he be catch up to she . ext . bourbon STREET ( french quarter ) - night Three large young man dress in a wild assortment of black and gold Saints 's garb make a noisy exit from a bar . darby run to then . darby ( she point at stump ) help ! that man be after I ! he 's try to rape I ! please help not stump rush forward . the three Saints step in front of he with fold arm and glow eye . camera slam into the fray as stump use both hand at once : a right to the throat of the first one , and a vicious blow to the mouth of the second . they squeal and fall hard . the first one fall on stump 's right foot and this throw he off . as he yank he foot away , number three kick he squarely in the crotch . stump be history . . darby ease back into the crowd . int . grantham's apartment ( WASHINGTON , d.c . ) - night Gray be on the phone . garcia ( v.0 . ) it 's Garcia . I be on the corner of Pennsylvania Avenue and first . ( continued ) 48 , continued : grantham good . now take down my license number ' cause there be a lot of gray volf . ( very slowly ) 5676582 . i'1l be there in ten minute . Gray hang up and run out the door . the telephone ring . Gray come back in and pick it up . garcia ( v.0 . ) I can not go through with it . grantham fall back into a chair in frustration . garcia ( v.0 . ) I have a wife and little daughter . there 's a chance they know that I know . they have be treat I funny . grantham . this be the guy in you firm ? garcia ( v.0 . ) yeah . no. wait . how would you know iwas in a firm ? I have not tell you that . grantham you go to work too early to be a government lawyer . you be in one of that firm where they expect ' the associate and junior partner to work a hundred hour a week . he hear the click of Garcia hanging up . Gray bang the phone down in disgust . he whirl around in he chair and find himself face a mirror . grantham ( to he image in mirror ) you know better than to frighten a@ source . fuckhead ! the phone ring again . he whirl back and pick it up . ( continued ) 49 . continued : grantham I know there 's a way we can work this out , Garcia . darby ( v.0 . ) Garcia ? grantham ( totally let down , he lose it ) shit ! darby ( v.0 . ) shit ? be this Gray grantham with the Washington Post ? grantham it be . darby ( v.0 . ) have you hear of the pelican brief ? grantham the pelican brief . no . what be it ? darby ( v.0 . ) it 's a unlikely little theory about who kill rosenberg and Jensen . it be take to Washington last week by a man name Thomas callahan , a professor of law at tulane . he give it to a friend with the f.b.1i. , and it be pass around . callahan be kill in a car bomb ' Wednesday night in New Orleans . he turn on the lamp and start to scribble on he pad . grantham how de you know all this ? darby ( v.0 . ) I write the brief . grantham be you a lawyer ? darby ( v.0 . ) no . grantham be you call from New Orleans ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : darby ( v.0 . ) do not spend you time digging after I . insert - grantham's memo pad as he write : -- sound young , -- mid-twenty ? -- know law professor ... not a lawyer ... back to scene grantham you need a name . darby ( v.0 . ) call I pelican . can you get a list of all major contributor 's to the president 's last campaign ? grantham I can have it by this afternoon . ( write ) and you know who 's do the kill ? darby ( v.0 . ) yes. grantham I be not go to beat around the bush . who ? : darby ( v.0 . ) , let 's take it slow . I will be in touch . grantham when ? but she have hang up . he put down the phone and stare at he pad . insert - pad next to " not a lawyer , '' he scribbles , " a student ? '' he draw the oval outline of a woman 's face . the inside of the face remain blank , empty of feature . he stare at it and then draw a big question mark inside the face . 51 . ext . tulane campus - rogers chapel - day camera look down at people stream into the small chapel for callahan 's memorial service . close shot into window on second floor of build across way - day darby look through binocular . a half eat sandwich and two empty container of coffee be on a table next to she . darby' Pov - through binoculars camera pick up Alice and a few other familiar face , student in he class . camera swing back across the road -- past gavin verheek -- and stop abruptly on a man watch the people enter the chapel . it be the short , thick , powerful stump of a man darby see outside rubenstein and the lobby of the Sheraton . close on darby -- she put down the binocular , revealing the the terror in she eye . man ( 0.5 . ) look for Mr. sneller . close shot - door to new orlean HOTEL room , room 406 - day the shadow of a man be over the door . the sound of paper be slid across carpet . camera pan down , following the sound , and see a envelope slide through the crack under the door . a dark complect hand set a gym bag down on the carpet and reach for the envelope . camera pan up with the man 's hand as he open the envelope , revealing a key and a fold piece of paper inside . two small pheto slide out and drop to the floor . he kneel down to pick they up . his face come into frame . the nose be thicker , the hair curly where it be straight , even the tooth be different in relation to the mouth . but the eye , though a different color , be the eye of khamel . - khamel be Pov - two SMALL yearbook photograph of darby he pick they up . 52 . int . bar off campus - night a student hangout not far from the campus . the crowd be passionate , piss and rowdy . verheek look middle - age and out of place . a young man and he . girl sit down next to he . he wear a T-shirt with the word " tulane Law School . " verheek ( turn to the young man ) De you know darby Shaw ? young man why do you want to know ? verheek we need to talk to she . that 's all . young man we? verheek f.b.i . he pull a card from he pocket . the student read it , then hand it back . / young man you be a lawyer , net a agent . why do you want to see darby Shaw ? the bartender ease closer , eavesdropp . so , verheek T need to see she , okay . it 's very important . i'11 be at the Hilton for a few day . if you see she , ask she to call . he give the card to the student , 's who leave it on the bar and start talk to he girl . the bartender look at it with curiosity . ext . parking lot ( WASHINGTON ) - night we be too far away to see anything clearly , until we slam into : 53. oo close shot - gate two man manipulate the lock and slip through . they walk 1 up to grantham 's volvo . one of they open the car door '' with quick , professional skill , while the other pull out '' a small tool case from he pocket . he open it and I remove a tiny transmitter he prepare to install . '' int . HOTEL room - day , verheek 's card underneath the door . khamel 's hand come in and pick it up . camera pull back and follows he : as he pick up the phone . a miniature tape recorder sit next to the phone . b sneller ( v.0 . ) : we have make a few phone call to Washington . he know callahan , and ; he might know the girl . it 's 1 obvious he 's try to find she . ! ' darby ( v.0 . ) it 's darby , gavin . int . verheek 's room -. night verheek sit on the edge of the bed in a towel robe . verheek I have about give up . tell I where you want to meet , and within a ' hour I will come get you with three agent . , dabby ( v.0 . ) 1 * I think the f.b.1. be not involved . ' verheek it 's not involved , yet . but I have get friend . we will get you , out of the city tonight , and take you to Washington tomorrow . I promise you will personally meet voyle , and we will go from there . darby ( v.0 . ) behind you hotel be a place call . riverwalk . on the second level be oo a clothing store call frenchmen 's Bend . at noon tomorrow I want you to stand by the entrance . ( more ) 34 . continued : darby ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) wear a black shirt of some type and a red baseball cap and hold a fold newspaper . after five minute , walk inside the store . I will find you . you and I , and only you and I , will leave the city . I do not want anyone else to know of this . agreed ? verheek agreed . darby ( v.0 . ) how tall be you ? verheek five ten . darby ( v.0 . ) how much do you weigh ? verheek two hundred , but I plan to lose be . darby ( v.0 . ) I will see you tomorrow , gavin . there be the click of darby hang up . camera pan down with verheek 's hand to the phone as he hang up and exit frame . camera hold on the phone . we hear the sound of the shower . camera drop down below the table top . scotch tape to the underside of the table be the miniaturized tape recorder we see in khamel 's room . int . verheek room - shower - night verheek turn off the shower and ' step out . he reach for a towel , start rub he hair dry and walk back into the room . he walk over to the tv and turn up the volume , the towel obscure he vision . ( continued ) 55 . continued : camera follows he as he fall to the floor . a red spot of blood appear on the white towel and spread . and then another and another . but except for the tv , there be no sound . a familiar hand reach into frame to verheek 's wrist . camera pan up to khamel 's face as he reassure himself there be no pulse . camera rise with khamel . in back of he we see the now open closet door . : he walk over to the phone and pull the miniaturized tecorder out from underneath . he rewind the tape inside . he press the play button of the recorder . verheek ( v.0 . ) hello . darby ( v.0 . ) it 's darby , gavin . verheek room - close shot - khamel - night a ironic smile . the tape continue . verheek ( v.0 . ) I have about give up . int . bathroom - bed and breakfast - day darby be ' take a shower . verheek ( v.0 . ) tell I where you want the meet ... int . khamel be room - day khamel 's miniature tape player , on top of a bureau . it be playing . verhefk ( v.0 . ) and within fifteen minute , I will come get you with three agent . we will get you out of the city tonight . ( continued ) 56 . continued : camera adjust a little to the right . laying next to the miniature tape player be a tiny gun . khamel 's hand enter frame and stop the tape recorder . camera pan up to see khamel put a extra large black sweatshirt over he head . he be wear layer of brief and gym short to give he the appearance of verheek 's weight . khamel ( imitate verheek quite brilliantly ) and within fifteen minute , I will come get you with three agent . he put on a red baseball cap . int . darby' room - bed and breakfast - day darby stand before a mirror , dress . khamel ( v.0 . ) ( sounding like verheek ) we will get you out of the city tonight . and take you to Washington tomorrow . darby exit . khamel 's room - close shot - tiny gun on bureau top - day khamel pick it up . camera follows the gun as it disappear into he trouser pocket . ext . riverwalk - day darby walk in the middle of a group of shopper , browsing . she look at she watch . insert - watch tt be exactly twelve o'clock . close shot - darby she look up . 57 . darby' Pov - entrance to clothing store ( frenchman be bend ) - day there he be , black sweatshirt , red baseball cap , fold newspaper . the eye be hide behind sunglass . he look at he watch , then walk through the door . int . frenchman' bend clothing store - close shot - day as he pick through safari jacket . darby ( 0.s. ) gavin . he jerk around . he Pov of darby she be hold a white Panama hat and speak into it . he ( pull out a handkerchief and sneezing ) ( cough ) would not you know I would wake up with a cold . darby . darby follow I . they leave the store . ext . riverwalk - day darby take he hand . they walk quickly down a flight of stair lead to the boardwalk . ext . boardwalk - day the boardwalk be crowded ; 2 line have form beside the bayou quean , '' paddle wheeler . they stop at the end of the line . he be we get on this boat ? darby yes . I have get a car a mile upriver at a park where we will stop in thirty minute . the line be move now . 58 . close shot - he * camera follows he hand as he touch the trouser pocket that contain the gun . he reach into the pocket and pull out a handkerchief . camera pan up with he as he bring it to he nose . there be a tiny flash of metal against the base of he skull just below the red baseball cap . close shot - darby' hand hold he as he hand fall away from hers . close shot - darby as she whirl around . darby' Pov of he fall to the ground . close shot of white handkerchief still clutch in he hand as it hit the ground . it turn blood red . very close shot - darby' eye and mouth filling the screen with she scream ... she whirl around in horrer , camera whirl around to : her Pov aman be run away . he disappear in a crowd . woman ( 0.s. ) he 's get a gun . camera whirl back again , following the sound of the woman 's voice . she be stand next to darby . camera slam down to : 59 . her Pov the mon she think be verheek be or all four with a small pistol in he right hand . blood stream from he chin and puddle under he face . he lunge to the edge of the boardwalk . the gun drop into the water . he collapse on he stomach with he head hang over and drip into the river . mo . shot - crowd - day as two policeman break through to get to he . a hundred people now inch forward to see the dead man . but there be no sign of darby . the sound of a car screeching to a stop over . french quarter - close shot - elderly black cab driver - night brake he cab . tight on the driver as a passenger get in . darby ( 0.s. ) baton rouge . cab driver Lord , honey , that 's a heckuva ride . he angle he rearview mirror to see darby , hide under anew hat and black trench coat . she be wear new sunglass . darby ' how much ? cab driver ( think quickly ) a hundred and fifty . she throw two bill over the seat . darby there 's two hundred . get there as fast as you can , and watch you rear . we may be follow . back seat taki - mo . shot darby lie down on the seat . voyle ( v.0 . ) whoever kill verheek do not leave a trace . 60 . int . director voyle ' office - night director voyle stand behind he chair . k.q. Levis sit across the desk . voyle I be send a hundred agent in tomorrow to blanket the city and I have instruct New Orleans to find the girl , if she 's scill alive . lewis gavin tell I about callahan , and I do not listen . voyle and I think this pelican stuff be some bird brain joke . ( beat ) we will spend two thousand hour digging round that hotel , and I will bet you there will not be a shred of useful evidence . just like rosenberg and Jensen . lewis and callahan . voyle and probably the girl . int . taxicab ( baton rouge ) - night darby curl up on the back seat . - _. voyle ( v.0 . ) if we ever find she body . taxi driver ( 0.s. ) here we be , mar 'am . baton rouge Airport . and in record time . ext . baton rouge airport - taki - night she immerse herself in a group of people walk into the airport . man ( v.0 . ) can not you bring she in ? 61 . ext . dupont circle ( WASHINGTON ) - day the man we see earlier sit on @ circular bench be sit there again . the man from langley sit near he on the bench . man # 2 we lose she at o'hara in Chicago . man # 1 let 's hope they do too . darby ( v.0 . ) ( through phone ) there 's be another murder . insert : gray grantham's notebook - day on he desk . he be riffling through it , look for a fresh page . in the process , we see page after page of he sketches of what the pelican might look like . he find a fresh page and begin to scribble note . darby ( v.0 . ) ( through phone ) you remember I tell you callahan give a copy of the brief to a friend at the f.b.i .? loose angle - grantham on phone scribbling note . grantham yes . darby ( v.0 . ) ( through phone ) he be kill yesterday in New Orleans . grantham . how do you know ? darby ( v.0 . ) ( through phone ) I be hold he hand when he be shot . in broad daylight in the middle of a crowd . God know how I get away . grantham can you give I he name ? ( continued ) 62 . continued : darby ( v.0 . ) ( through phon . ) verheek . gavin verheek . grantham voyle ' chief counsel . darby ( v.0 . ) ( through phone ) when can you come to New York ? grantham right now . darby ( v.0 . ) let 's plan on tomorrow . ext . vista HOTEL ( world trade CENTER , new york CITY ) - Day darby ( v.0 . ) you must follow my instruction . a cab pull up . Gray jump out with he bag . he be wear sunglass . he check he watch . insert - watch Te read 10:46 a.m. ext . vista . HOTEL - day as Gray enter the hotel . int . vista HOTEL - bar - day Gray sit there with a Coke . he look at he watch . insert - watch it read 11:30 a.m . he reach for he wallet and pay the check . ext . financial district - back STREET - day Gray hail a cab . ext . fifth avenue and fifty - second STREET a cab pull up . Gray get out and disappear in the throng of shopper . 63 . ext . plaza HOTEL - fifth avenue and fifty - ninth STREET - day he enter on the fifth Avenue side . ext . plaza HOTEL - central park south entrance he exit the hotel and walk west on Central Park South . ext . ST . moritz HOTEL - service entrance - day he duck through the service entrance . int . ST . moritz HOTEL - lobby - reservation counter grantham ( to clerk behind the counter ) I have a reservation . Warren Clark . insert - grantham's hand sketch the unknown darby , base on he fantasy of she . phone ring over : int . HOTEL room - mo . shot - grantham - day he pick up the phone with remarkable alacrity . darby ( v.0 . ) Mr. Clark ? grantham yea . this be Mr. Clark . darby ( v.0 . ) take the elevator to the eighteenth , then walk down to the fifteenth . room. 1520 . int . HOTEL hallway - closeup - room door the room number 1520 display prominently across the oor . Gray 's fist come into the shot and knock on the door . sound of bolt click . the door open a smidgen , the chain still on . darby 's eye appear at the open . 64 . int . hallway - darby' Pov helf of Gray 's face through the erack in the door . grantham pelican ? int . hallway - grantham's Pov - darby' eye peer through the crack . the door shut again , the sound of the chain be unlatched , and the door open all the way , revealing Gray 's first full look at darby . int . darby' HOTEL room ( new york ) - evening a small sit room with a door to small bedroom . he enter ; she quickly shut the door . she lock the door and bolt it . darby you follow my instruction ? grantham ( try to break the tension ) I have not duck and feint , back up and reverse myself so much since I play quarterback in college . darby you must think I be crazy . grantham ' that be a possibility , until I check New Orleans . callahan be kill exactly as you say . I also check on verheek . accord to the FBI , he body be find the day before yesterday in he hotel room very early in the morning . darby look stunne . grantham he would be dead for at least eight hour . darby that can not be . he talk like verheek , he follow my instruction to the letter ... ( continued ) 65 . continued : grantham a imposter . darby who plan to kill I . grantham until someone kill he first . ( gently ) why do not you sit down and teil I what be in the brief . darby everyone I have speak to about the brief be dead . grantham I will take my chance . darby just to get a story . grantham this be not any story . darby you will net , under any circumstance , use my name , or reveal where or how you get the information . and you will not publish it until I leave the country . agreed ? grantham agreed . we do not publish without ' specific confirmation . that can take quite a while to get . te ever . he reach for he briefcase . grantham . ( take out a mini tape recorder ) do you mind if I use a tape recorder ? darby no . there should be a record . I may not be around . he put the tape recorder on the coffee table in front of darby . ( continued ) 66 . continued : grantham ready ? darby ready . he start the tape recorder and lean back in he chair , pen in hand and a clean legal pad on he lap . darby do the name , mattiece , mean anything to you ? insert - copy of darby' original brief - night the pelican brief -- be hold in someone 's hand . int . coal 's limousine ( WASHINGTON ) - night coal and matthew barr in the back seat . barr finish read the brief and look at coal . barr what do the President say ? coal it 's just another wild shot in the dark , we think . he talk to voyle about it , and voyle agree to leave it alone for a while . now I be not so sure . barr ' the President ask voyle to back off ? coal yes . barr that 's obstruction of justice , assume of course the brief turn out to be true . coal and if it do ? barr you will be force to be the fall guy and resign . ( continued ) continued : 67 . coal Hell , everyone in the White , House , except the President , will have to go . and he will go soon enough . barr the Nixon route . coal do not even think that name . . barr look at the hopeful side : irangste , iraggate . there 's a very good chance it will not come out . coal grantham know about the brief . he call three White House aide yesterday . and god know who else barr we get he car phone , but we have not be inside he apartment yet . coal why not ? barr we almost get catch this morning by he clean lady . we will try again tonight . someone we know nat the poat say he will be out of town until tomorrow . the closeup sound of a alarm over . int . darby' HOTEL room ( new york CITY ) close shot - tape recorder playing - night the alara be the beep of the tape recorder as it reach the end of the tape . mo . shot he turn of - darby and grantham ff the recorder . ( continued ) continued : 68 . grantham hat make you hone in so quickly on this particular case ? darby of course it be luck . bad luck , it now turn out . T remember a piece " frontline " do about a year ago . they interview the young lawyer who originally file the suit . they say , that since the interview , he have commit suicide , although he family insisted it be foul play . after the assassination I call he family . they say he would have 2 depressive problem year before , but that he would be fine since take medication . his doctor confirm everything the family say . they tell the police they be convinced that it be not 4 & suicide . grantham but the police have close the investigation . darby exactly . grantham I be glad you be not my competition . ( look at she exhaust face ) ' when be the last time you really sleep ? darby I do not remember . she study he as he gather up ' the tape recorder and the tape and put it in he briefcase . darby if I would know what be go to happen , I would never have pursue it . but you do , and it do not stop you . why take such a chance ? grantham it 's my kind of high . ( continued ) 69 . continued : darby I still do not uaderstand . grantham well , my editor , Smith keen , say you have get to have a quirk to do this kind of work . you have to get a special kick from expose the high and mighty when they try to put one over . darby no matter what the cost ? grantham let 's say it help to have get a few swift , unfair kick when you be very young . he go to the door . grantham call I when you wake up . I de not plan to sleep much tonight . I want to make my note while it 's all fresh . he go over to the door . darby ( hesitant ) Gray ? , he look at she . darby ' would you mind sleep on the sofa ? I know it sound dumb put ... grantham no problem . she start to exit to the bedroom . grantham at the risk of sounding old - fashioned , if I be go to spend the night , do not you think it 's time I know you name ? she smile . ( continued ) 70 . continued : darby my name be darby . Shaw . he look at she ; underneath the strength , vulnerable , touch , and , oh , Lord , desirable . grantham how would you happen to pick I , darby Shaw ? darby callahan be a fan . grantham and you be a fan of callahan 's . . darby he be the only man I have ever love . ( reacting to Gray 's clear attraction ) still do . grantham ( as he get the message ) right . she exit to the bedroom and shut the door . int . bedroom - night darby walk over to the mirror . the face that look back at she appear almost relaxed . int . darby' HOTEL suite - sitting room - night Gray sit at the desk , he laptop and the tape recorder before hin . closeup - grantham's hand as he turn on the tape recorder . camera move up to he wrist . his watch say 12:20 a.m. darby ( v.0 . ) ( from the tape recorder ) do the name mattiece mean anything to you ? 9 71 . closeup - another man' hand as it reach for a file . the watch on he wrist also say 12:20 a.m. grantham ( v.0 . ) } first thing that come to mind be rich . Victor ... his name be Victor mattiece ? int . white house - coal be office - loose angle - night coal reach for the file . darby ( v.0 . ) correct . Victor mattiece . white house - coal be office - coal '’s Pov of OPEN file - night a clipping headline president's banquet for top contributor , contain a photograph of a beam presi - dent shaking hand with a big , distinguished - look gray-haire man . the caption read : happy President and oil tycoon friend , Victor mattiece . darby ( v.0 . ) he 's make and lose several fortune drilling for oil in south Louisiana . camera move into a closer shot of the two beam face . darby ( v.0 . ) " | in 1979 , he oil company punch some hole in terrebonne Parish and hit oil . a lot of oil . he cap the well before word leak out ... camera pan over the photograph to a closeup shot of the President 's beam face . : darby ( v.0 . ) .». and buy the surround land under a myriad of corporate name . he know he would need government permission to dredge a channel through the marshland to get the equipment in and the oil out . ( more ) ( continued ) 72 . continued : darby ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) entec mattiece , the great campaign contributor , and , as night must follow day , government permission to gouge through the endangered marsh . camera pan over the photograph to a closeup shot of mattiece 's beam face . darby ( v.0 . ) mattiece be that close to at least a billion : dollar , when Green Fund , a obscure environmental outfit , trot on down to the U.S. District court in Lafayette , and file a lawsuit to stop the entire operation . a federal judge halt the project pend a trial on ail issue . of course mattiece spare no expense to win the lawsuit . I do not think there 's a top law firm between Houston and New Orleans that at some point he have not hire . close shot - coal study the buddy - buddy picture of mattiece and the President . his face be a study in agony . + darby ( v.0 . ) by the time the Green Fund lawyer , -- all two of they -- wade in , the joint venture , limited not partnership and corporate association form a impenetrable maze that make mattiece invisible . coal remove the photograph and study the papers underneath . he Pov - coal' white house office - day insert of the papers in the file . a series of Louisiana newspaper clipping about the lawsuit and the trial . ( continued ) 73 . continued : : darby ( v.o. luckily for Green Fund 's 1 ewauit , the heart of the new oil reserve be near a natural refuge for waterflow . osprey , egret , pelican , duck , crane , geese . coal remove the clipping to reveal a video cassette of a " frontline " telecast title : oil versus . the Louisiana pelican close shot - coal look at the " frontline " cassette . coal ( to himself ) Fucking p.b.s .! he push the cassette aside . , darby ( v.0 . ) the pelican become the hero . after thirty year of contamination by d.d.t. and other pesticide , the Louisiana brown pelican perches on the brink of extinction . Green Fund seize the majestic bird , and enlist expert from around the country to testify on its behalf . coal 's white house office - wide angle shot - night coal get up and pace up and down he office , try to develop some kind of plan . darby ( v.0 . ) it take seven year for the pelican suit to go to trial in Lake Charles . the three man jury , about the pelican than job , vote in favor of mattiece . coal look at he watch . insert - coal' watch it read 12:30 a.m. ( continued ) 74 , continued : danty ( ¥.0 . ) but the judge rule to keep the injunction against drilling in place because he think Green Fund have prove its point about the pelican , a federally protect species , and it 's apparent that Green Fund will appeal . int . van ( WASHINGTON ) - another man' watch - night it read 12:31 a.m. grantham ( v.0 . ) ' what 's the status of the lawsuit ? camera pan up to the man 's face . it be one of the man we see bugging the phone in Gray 's car . he look out the window of the van . darby ( v.0 . ) from the trial level it will be appeal to the fifth circuit Court of appeal in New Orleans in about a month . ext . grantham apartment house - man in van 's Pov about a half a block away . grantham ( v.0 . ) any idea what the fifth circuit might do ? waar ( WASHINGTON ) - close shot of man watching - N . the camera pan over to the man sit next to he as he turn to he . it be the same man we see with hin when he bugge Gray 's car . darby ( v.0 . ) it could be reverse . ext . WASHINGTON STREET - night the two man , carry dispatch case , as if they have just come from work late at the office , quietly leave they car . darby ( v.0 . ) then the fun start . 75 , int . grantham's apartment - wide angle shot of entry - night face the entrance doo . darby ( v.0 . ) if either side be unhappy with the fifth circuit , they can appeal to the Supreme Court . the SOUND of a window be jimmed OPEN ... the camera pan around , following the sound . it arrive at the window just after it have be open . the curtain blow but no one be there . grantham ( v.0 . ) from today , how long would it take for the case to be decide by the Supreme Court ? the figure of the first man climb through the window . and then the second . darby ( v.0 . ) anywhere from three to five year . camera follows the two man as they check the apartment . grantham ( v.0 . ) rosenberg would have die from natural cause . darby ( v.0 . ) yes , but another President could be in the White House when he die . the two man stop at the phone in Gray 's apartment . darby ( v.0 . ) so , if you be Victor mattiece , and you do not mind kill a couple of supreme , now be the time to take he out , when you can predict he replacement . grantham '’s apartment - close shot of one of men' dispatch case - night one of the man open it , revealing tool to bug the phone . grantham ( v.0 . ) but why Jensen ? mo . shot as the two man , clearly superb professional , go about they job of bugging Gray 's phone . ( continued ) 76 . continued : darby ( v.u. ) he share one piece of common ground with rosenberg : protect the environment . the beep sound of the tape recorder come to the end of a tape come over . grantham ( v.0 . ) tire ? int . darby' HOTEL suite ( new york ) - sitting room - night Gray turn off the tape recorder and sit back in he chair . he look at the note he have make on he laptop and write : insert - screen of grantham's laptop as he write : " where doe garcia fit in ? doe he ? " sound of a motor starting over the computer screen . ext . WASHINGTON STREET - night the van start up . it come close to camera , just long enough to see the smile face of the two man we have leave in Gray 's apartment , before it pass out of frame . camera hold on the street : bar close , people straggling out , some drift into a all night coffee shop . : int . all night coffee shop - georgetown STREET - night a bland , small man of indeterminate age , distinguished from the drinker drift in by he sobriety . he walk over to the counter and sit down . man ( 0.5 . ) so , what 's the score ? camera pan over to the man on the stool next to he , '' sergeant rupert '' , the man who tell darby he be a cop . and then disappear . ( continued ) 77 . continued : nondescript man ( 0.s. ) we can not find she . and that worry we because we get some bad news today . camera pull back to include the two of they . nondescript man we hear , unconfirm , that the bad guy 's be send in big boy with big gun . . rupert so , what 's my plan ? nondescript man if we find the girl , it will be you show . darby' HOTEL suite ( new york ) - morning Gray be asleep on the couch . the laptop be literally on he lap and a big yellow legal pad with note be in he hand . : he open he eye . grantham's Pov - close shot - darby shower and dress , look down at he . grantham ( 0.s. ) you say mattiece hire law firm ' from Houston to New Orleans . be there any from d.c .? darby you be half asleep . mo . shot - grantham rise , rub sleep from he eye . grantham do not matter . darby I can think of two : White and blazevich and brim , stearn , and somebody both old , big , powerful , and rich . ( continued ) 78 . continued : grantham a lawyer in D.C. call I , say he see something concern rosenberg and Jensen . we be suppose to meet , but he bomb out , and I have not hear from he again . he give I a phoney name , but I get he picture . darby how ? grantham that 's another story . if he work for either of that firm , he could be we confirmation . darby I hope you find he . grantham darby , come with I to Washington . I need you heip . darby ~ of course you do . if I disappear , you may not have a story . but I might have a life . grantham if you be right about mattiece , there will be a coverup , and the odd be it will work . oh , there will be a cottage industry of book and article and movie about the assassination -- as there be with '' Kennedy 's : but no one will be prosecute , darby why be you so sure ? grantham . T check the Post morgue last night . on mattiece . two year ago we run a big , fat , front page picture of the President with he arm around mattiece . he contribute the absolute top limit to he campaign . if what you say be true 's the President be history I know coal , the man who pull the string that make he President . {more ) ( continued ) 79 . continued : grantham ( cont 'd ) they will not let that happen . they will weave a coverup that will make watergate look like kiddie play hide and seek . darby it do not work with watergate . grantham oh , darby . do not you know that for every watergate that come to light , there be more that never surface ? the word go out and suddenly thing that happen do not happen , and evidence that be no longer be . you will be the only witness to the murder that connect the assassination to you brief . disappear and so will justice . be that what callahan would want ? darby Thomas would want I to see my twenty - fifth birthday . even my thirtieth . ( beat ) ga back to Washington , Gray . and be careful . I would miss you byline . int . darby' suite ( new york ) - sitting room - close shot of grantham be bag - sitting room - day camera pull back as he lift it up , revealing darby watch he . he be shower and redr : a grantham you will call ? darby I may decide to hop a plane and disappear . . grantham you be a tough one . ' darby thank the Lord . he go over to she to kiss she good - bye , but she pull away . ( continued ) 80 . continued : darby do not you understand ? rage be all that keep I go . he leave , shutting the door behind he . grantham ( 0.s. ) I will wait until I hear the bolt . she go to the door and bolt it . she lean against the door , not tough at all . ext . central park - day darby sit on a bench next to a young woman hold a reflector underneath she chin . she close she eye and turn she face into the sun , reach for sustenance from its warmth . she open she eye . warmth turn to horror . darby' Pov - day stump come up the path . darby on the bench - day she yank the reflector away from the young woman , put it under she chin and lift she face to the sun . the reflector hide she face . woman not you have get some nerve ! darby please . there 's a man , a stumpy , stocky man . have he walk by ? path in front of darby - day stump walk past she . woman he 's walk by right now . darby please . please . tell I when he 's past . he 's be harass I . { continued ) 81 . continued : woman he 's past . she hand back the reflector to the young woman . darby ( as she stand up ) you may have save my life . the woman shrug , as if to say , " you meet all kind ! '' she watch darby walk down the path in the opposite direction . int . grantham 's apartment - wide angle - night the phone be ringing in the dark apartment . the answering machine switch on . grantham ( v.0 . ) this be Gray grantham . close shot - phone grantham ( v.0 . ) I be not here right now , but if you leave a message at the sound of he beep , I will return the eall , camera pan down under the phone to reveal the monitoring attachment we see plant . screech of the beep over . , darby ( v.0 . ) ' it 's darby . by the time you hear this , Gray , I will be in the air . ext . newark airport - night darby enter the International departure Building . she look in back of she . darby' Pov another car drive up . aman get out . do he look familiar , or be she imagination play trick ? she hurry into the building . 82 . int . newark airport - security clearance - night darby show she ticket . insert one way El Al ticket to tel aviv . back to scene she go through clearance . as darby go through to the other side and disappear in the crowd . the man we see get out of the car try to duck through in back of she . he - be surround by beefy El Al Security Police . newark airport - EL al gate - tel aviv flight - night darby sit down in the wait are with the other passenger wait to board . loudspeaker ( v.0 . ) passenger for El Al flight 110 for tel aviv , please board . darby rise . darby ( v.0 . ) ( from answer machine ) it 's darby . by the time you hear this , Gray , I will be in the air . she disappear with the other passenger , out of frame . darby ( v.0 . ) ( from answer machine ) " on my way to nowhera . grantham's apartment - night Gray sit on the bed , listen to the answer machine . darby ( v.0 . ) ( from answer machine ) try to understand . click from the answering machine , as she hang up . answering machine ( v.0 . ) ( electronic voice ) that be you last message . [ will erase you message . I will erase you message . Gray do not move . _ sound of subway roaring through a station over . ee eppneneeeiereveiemnmm 83 . int . WASHINGTON subway station - day Gray stand in the middle of crowd of people as a train come in . sarge come up to he . they do not look at each other , sarge they be all shook up about you ask about some pelican something . G I expect that , the train door open . people come pour out . sarge it 's like the gestapo over there . coal clear everything . they put I on medical leave for ninety day . : grantham what 's wrong with you ? sarge nothin’ . I have never see it this bad . people around they on the platform push into the train . sarge I be worried about you , son . I just hope you be not in danger . Gray watch as sarge walk into the train . the door slam shut . the train roar out of the Station , leave Gray alone . smith ( v.0 . ) what the fuck be go on with you ? int . madison HOTEL restaurant - day a depressed Gray be have lunch with Smith keen . grantham I lose my source at the White House . coal 's intensify he reign of terror . they be call it the Big White bunker . I have have no luck on Garcia , and I tell you , I have lose the girl . she be the key . ( continued ) continued : 84 . smith keen she give you all she information . you have get one helluva lot to follow up . grantham I be . smith keen what 's she like ? grantham what ? smith keen the girl ? grantham I tell you . smith keen you tell I smart , you tell I gutsy , you tell I tough . you do not say a word about she look . '' Jesus , Smith . I be not exactly in the mood for some jerk - off conversation . smith keen do you have a picture of she ? grantham yeah . but it do not do she * justice . smith keen ( put down he knife and fork ) Son of a bitch ! the mighty swordsman have finally fall . grantham knock it off , Smith ... smith keen you need time to regroup . do not you go down to that dinky little cabin of yours , take the weekend off , build a fire , play sad song and mope -- ( more ) ( continued ) 86 . continued : he pick " y 2 flashlight off the floor and aim it through the window . grantham 's Pov through cabin window - wood - day darby , frame by the light from the flashlight , stand among the tree , drench with rain , like some wild child . int . cabin - night darby have get into some of Gray 's dry clothes . a freshly laid fire be roaring in the fireplace . darby you get my message ? gray ( pour brandy ) and stupid I believe it . darby if someone bugge the phone in you apartment , I want they to think I would leave the country . grantham you think of everything . darby if I do , there would be no brief . he hand she the brandy . darby " , I see stump yesterday in Central Park . fortunately before he see I . and there be a man who look familiar -- I be not sure -- at Newark Airport . thank the Lord for El al Security . grantham - he 's probably on a flight to tel aviv . how in hell do you find I ? darby I call the paper and ask for you editor , grantham ( incredulous ) Smith tell you where I be ? ( continued } 87 . continued : darby I tell he I be you sister Mary . and I be in from out of town and could not find you . grantham how do you know I have a sister Mary ? darby you be not the only one who do research . have you find Garcia ? '' I have spend the last two day cover the lobby of White and blazevitch and brim , stearn . but nething . it 's not encourage . darby I have a idea that just might work , int . cabin - later that night the only light be from the die fire . Gray be in bed . darby lie on the floor next to the fireplace , with a big old coat of Gray 's over she . darby you build this cabin ? '' grantham on weekend and vacation . take I two year to build one room . . darby great hideout . he sit up . grantham this be ridiculous . you sleep on the floor . darby I tell you . the bed be yours . and I be absolutely happy by the fire . grantham even the puritans sleep in the same bed for warmth . darby they put a board between they . ( continued ) continued : grantham I could work something up . darby Gray , I have not even have a chance to mourn . silence . he lie back . grantham what change you mind ? about come here ? darby Thomas . you be right . he hate coverup . ext . williamsburg , virginia - day the eighteenth century reproduction town be mobbed with tourist . Smith keen wander through the crowd , search . ext . williamsburg - keen be Pov - day Gray appear out of a crowd of tourist and go over to he . . back to scene they walk together . grantham I think a visit to williamsburg might do you soul some good , smith keen be you lose it ? people be talk . they have not see you at you desk in day . what the hell be go on ? grantham - she 's here . smith keen Bird girl ? Gray nod . grantham she 's get I stashed away at a little hotel nobody have ever hear of . ( continued ) 89 . continued : Smith eye he . smith keen this be one helluva time to be punch notches in you belt . grantham we be not even in the same hotel . she 's help I search for Garcia . she will not let I go back to my apartment . or even to the paper . I keep rent car and she keep move we around . smith keen it sound like she 's the one with the control . grantham you get it . she make the rule . and I obey . smith keen T do not like it . : , grantham it 's the only way she will play . smith keen you look like you be have too much fun . grantham you know I . I love my work . smith keen '' I feel better when you be anxious and a bunch of nerve . grantham I will try to work on that . smith keen what if you can not find Garcia ? grantham we fall beck to plan B. smith keen so what 's plan b? grantham we attack the lawyer . ( continued ) 90 . continued : 1 smith keen what if it 's another firm ? not | in Washington ? grantham then we go to plan c. smith keen and what 's that ? grantham I do not know . she have not get '' that far yet . ' ) Gray smile happily . keen look at he disgustedly . int . smith keen be car - virginia road - day Gray be sit beside Smith keen , who be drive . he not turn around and check the car in back . i smith keen Li : be fuck williamsburg she I 1 on idea ? grantham I do not tell she we be meeting . it might have make she nervous , smith keen do she know I can throw you ) into the rank of unemployed ? . grantham tf you haye to get in touch with I , I be at the marbury Hotel . room eight - thirty - three . do not ask for I by name . | Gray check the car in back of they again . grantham would you mind get off at this exit ? smith keen why ? ao grantham that tan car two car in back of we have be two car in back of we since we hit the freeway . ( continued ) 91 . continued : keen turn off at the exit . Gray watch as the «sn ear continue on the freeway . grantham there 's nothing like a false alarm to warm the heart . int . marbury HOTEL - corridor - day Gray walk up to he reom . a asian maid be push she cart near he room . he stop at he door and pull the key from he pocket . maid you forget something , sir ? grantham well , no . why ? the may take a step closer to he . maid you just leave , sir , and now you be back . grantham I leave four hour ago . maid no , sir . a man leave you room ten minute ago . but , sir , now I think it be another man . int . HOTEL staircase - day as Gray run down the stair . int . HOTEL lobby - Day Gray open the door from the staircase to the lobby . he look around and see a man who he think may be familiar . he shut the door . int . HOTEL - basement - day Gray walk through the service area . ext . motel - service entrance - day he duck into the alley in back of the htoel and run over to the street . ext . HOTEL - STREET in front of HOTEL - day Gray hail a cab . 92 . int . cab - day Gray get in the cab and look in back . grantham's Pov - front of HOTEL through window - day the man in the lobby hail a cab in back of he . ext . WASHINGTON STREET - day Gray 's cab cut around a corner . Gray look in back of he . the cab with the man from the lobby follow . ext . another WASHINGTON STREET - day Gray 's cab whirl around the corner . the driver screech - es on he brake . a big parade be stop traffic . int . grantham's cab - day the cab driver turn to Gray and shrug . Gray duck out of the cab . ext . WASHINGTON STREET - wide angle - day of the mass of march people , great banner raise on high . as see from the back . we can not see they face . ext . WASHINGTON STREET - very close shot - grantham - day march . the camera pull back and back to reveal he be in the center of a mass of asian face march in a asian pride parade . int . edward bennett william law library - early evening darby sit at a table go over volume five of martindale - hubbell . insert - volume as she come to the section on D.C. law firm . she check out White and blazevich ... page after page list member of the firm . name , birth date , birthplace , school , professional organization , etc . 93 . mo . close shot - darby she write the name in a notebook . a man 's back fill most of the screen as he walk in front of she . G ( a whisper ) darby . she look up . grantham meet I in the stack . his back pass from the screen , leave a disturb darby . int . georgetown law library - stack - day Gray appear to be look for some book , as darby come up to he . she pull out 2 book , and leaf through it . they whisper . darby you be not suppose to be here . grantham the may say some man be in my room . darby do you tell anyone you room number ? where you be stay ? : grantham only Smith keen . but he would never repeat it . darby where be you when you tell he ? grantham in he car . darby everyone in Washington know you report to Smith keen . so I would assume he car be wire . a bell goe off : close time . ( continued ) 94 , continued : ' grantham . where do you want I to sleep tonight ? darby see if you can get a room in my hotel . grantham where you can keep a eye on I . she give he a look that say " damned right . " grantham . ( whisper ) what if the place be full ? darby then you can sleep in my bathroom . with the door close . int . HOTEL bathroom - night Gray , a pillow under he head and a blanket over he body , asleep on the bathroom floor . a thin sliver of light come over he . close shot - darby - night she lock at he through the partially - open door . a touch of amusement cross she face . . grantham ( v.0 . ) I do not tell she we be meeting . it might have make she nervous . she shut the door . barr office - night insert - tape recorder - night play : smith ( v.0 . ) do she know I can throw you into the rank of unemployed ? 95 . on mo . shot - barr and coal barc and coal be listen to the tape of Gray 's rc conversation with Smith keen in he car . ' coal ! ( listen ) | so the girl 's with he right here in Washington . grantham ( v.0 . ) tf you have to get in touch with I I be at the marbury Hotel . room eight -thirty - three . do not ask i for I by name . barr i we check . there be nothing in he room . we think we might ' | find he note . i grantham ( v.0 . ) , would you mind get off at this exit ? barr she must have tell he everything that be in the brief . smith keen ( v.0 . ) why ? barr , clearly , they be collaborate . grantham ( v.0 . ) that tan car two car in back of ' * , we have be two car in back of we since we hit the freeway . ! coal what do you think mattiece would i . do if he think grantham have the Story and be about to spread it , across the gront page of the grantham ( v.0 . ) there 's nothing like a false alarm to warm the heart . oo barr turn off the tape recorder . coal he 's not afraid of kill people . . 96 . insert - phone book - day darby 's fine slide down the georgetown number and stop at georgetown Law School . coal ( v.0 . ) be he ? int . darby' HOTEL room - day darby punch phone . Gray , across from she observe . darby ( inte phone ) placement office , please . yes , this be Sandra jernigan . I 'ma partner with White and blazevich here in town , and we be have a problem with we computer . we be try the reconstruct some payroll record , and the accountant have ask I to ask you for the name of you student who clerk here last summer . I think there be seven of then . int . georgetown law school - placement office - day a serious-looking woman hard at work . grantham ( v.0 . ) I be from White and blazevich . you have something for I ? the woman hand he a envelope . int . georgetown library - conference room - day insert - piece of paper contain a list of georgetown law student who intern at White and blazevitch last summer . phone number be write in darby 's hand next to four of the five name . darby 's hand hold a pen come into frame . she write another number next to a fifth nsme . int . conference room - wide angle - day Gray stand over darby at a table , while she copy a number from a phone book next to the piece of paper . ( continued ) 97 . continued : darby . I will call this five , and see who 's at home . you take the two with no phone number , and get they class schedule from the registrar . insert - list of name on phone booth shelf darby 's finger be next to the name James maylor . sound of a number ringing . int . georgetown law school - first floor hallway - phone booth - day darby 's hand on the list , the other hand hold the phone . male voice ( v.0 . ) hello . darby be this Dennis maylor ? male voice no , I be James maylor . darby sorry . she hang up and write next to he name -- " at home . '' int . georgetown law school - third floor - registrar's office - day Gray go up to a rather impressive - looking woman . grantham . I be Gray grantham with the '' and I be try to find two of you student , Laura kaas and Michael aker . registrar ( impressive - looking woman ) be there a problem ? ( continued ) 98 . continued : grantham not at all . just a few question . be they in class this morning ? he smile he warm , trust smile . registrar do you have a i.d .? grantham certainly . he take out he wallet , open it and slowly wave it at she . int . georgetown law school library - conference room - day insert - computer printout be laid on the table . _grantham ( 0.s. ) aker have criminal procedure . kaas have administrative law ; both from nine to ten . wide angle - conference room - Day darby look at the schedule as Gray stand over er . darby I will try to find then . she take a pad with she note and hand it to Gray . darby maylor , reinhart , and Wilson be at home . I sould not get ratliff and linney . G ( look at the note ) I can be at maylor 's in a few minute . 99 . int . georgetown law school - lobby - day darby study the fall list of class on the bulletin board across the lepoy from the phoue . a young woman with a backpack and hike book stop nearby and look at the beard . darby Excuse I . would you happen to know Laura kaas ? young woman sure . darby I need to give she a message . could you point she out ? she 's in administrative law under ship , room 207 . int . corridor outside classroom - day darby go up to tall girl come out of class . darby Excuse I , miss kaas . I be Sara Jacobs , and I be work on a story for the Washington Post . you clerk for White and blazevich last summer . can I ask you a few question ? LAURA what about ? darby walk to a empty classroom . Laura follow . insert - photo of garcia in darby' hand darby ( v.0 . ) do you recognize this man ? he 's a lawyer at White and blazevich . int . SMALL law school library conference room - day in which darby and Gray meet before . insert - pad of grantham's note list of name of summer intern at White and blazevich a pencil check off name . ( continued ) 100 . continued : e> arrham ( 0.s. ) no , mo , no , no , no . camera drop back to loose angle of Gray and darby . grantham I be off to find Edward linney , who accord to this list have clerk the past two summer at W. and B . darby ( go over she list ) unlist phone number . grantham but a address . darby i'1l keep hang out in front of the bulletin board . maybe I '11 get another miracle and walk right into aker . grantham you do not get miracle , my love . you make they . ( beat ) sorry . ( as she exit the room ) that just come out . int . georgetown law school - corridor - day student pour out of a classroom . darby be talk to a shy-look young man . young man ( point to a . group of man walk toward the front entrance ) that 's Michael aker , in the gray sweater . darby thanks . . 101 . ext . georgetown law school build - day the group disassemble as it leav .:. the building . aker and a friend be on the sidewalk . darby ocome out the door ) Mr. aker . they both stop and turn around . aker yes ? darby my name be Sara Jacobs , and I be work on a story for the . can I speak to you alone ? aker sure . he give the friend a hint . he leave . darby do you clerk for White and blazevich last summer ? aker yes . how about do this over a little lunch ? darby gee , I wish I could . ( show he . the photo ) do you recognize this man ? he work for White and blazevich . aker I doe not think so . but maybe it will come to I over a little dinner , Sarah . I be a mean man with a spatula . darby ( she get the message ) my husband 's the jealous type . sound over of helicopter motor . 102 . ext . white house lawn - day the President walk across the lawn , walkinc a dog on a leash . he be dress in Camp David clothes , a leather jacket and slack . he wave at the usual throng of reporter . reporter anything new , Mr. President , on who you be nominate for the Court ? president I will have a announcement after the weekend . reporter do the justice Department have anything new on the assassination investigation ? the President just give a pleasant wave and hand he dog over to a assistant who lift he into the plane . the President climb in after he . he turn around and give one final beam smile and wave at the assemble press and the door be shut . the helicopter lift up into the air . int . helicopter - day the President sit next to coal . coal you be not go to have that nomination to announce next week . . president you say they would be vetted by the weekend . coal there have to be a change in plan . president I do not understand . coal the pelican brief . president what about the pelican brief ? I think that be history . ( continued ) 103 . continued : coal we have reason to believe | grantham 's get hold of it . : president / mattiece will sue the pants off i they if they try to publish that . . coal ; not if it 's true . the President study coal 's sober face . president | you think it 's true . coal ( very calm ) I know what grantham 's go to write : < a man the President know and to take million from . paid money to 's have two Superior Court justice knock off so he pal the President could appoint more reasonable man to the bench so that he oil could be o~ harvest . t : . president Jesus ! '' coal that 's the best case scenario . if , one of voyle ' henchmen leak that 4 you ask he to hold off investigate the brief , we could for ' be into a obstruction charge . but all be not lose yet . I have a plan of last resort . president what 's you plan ? coal we appoint two nature lover to the Court , good little environmentalist who would kill mattiece and he oil field , etc . ( more ) ( continued ) 104 . continued : coal ( cont 'd ) almost simultaneously , you will call in voyle and the Attorney General and justice and demand a immediate investigation into mattiece . we will leak copy of the brief to every reporter in town , then hunker down and ride out the storm . president there must be a way to stop that information from come out . coal I be work on it . president what ? how ? coal Mr. President , you do not want to know . int . national airport shuttle gate - day passenger from the arrive plane pour in . the usual business type ; among they , a very serious , determine Edwin sneller . ext . WASHINGTON STREET corner - day a new hertz pontiac stop at the corner . darby rush out of @ building and jump in . int . hertz pontiac - day Gray be drive . darby settles into she seat , as he pull away . : grantham ( go over the list ) we last hope , we best hope , Edward linney , be not home . darby what 's he class schedule ? grantham shit , I do not get it . 105 . int . registrar 's office - day Gray flash a smile to the Registrar . a student be go over file in back of she . grantham hi , here I be again . I need another class schedule . for Edward linney . registrar sorry . one of the student you talk to this morning call White and blazevich and they call the assistant dean . no more class schedule will be give to reporter . int . hallway - outside registrar's office Gray come out and make he way to the entrance to the building . student ( 0.s. ) Mr. grantham . Gray turn around and see the Student who work in the Registrar 's office run towards he . student I know Edward . he 's sort of drop out of school for a while . personal problem . grantham where be he ? student ' his parent put he in a private hospital . he 's be detoxify . ext . parklane hospital - day a detox center for the rich , it be a small building sur - round by tree and sit alone , a half - mile off the highway . Gray park the car outside the entrance . int . parklane hospital - lobby Gray enter the lobby and go over to the receptionist . grantham I be here to see Edward linney . what room be he in ? ( continued ) 106 . continued : receptionist and who might you be ? grantham ( the warm and friendly Gray ) Gray grantham , with the Washington they tell I at the law school I could ask he a couple of question . receptionist I be sorry they tell you that . you see , Mr. grantham , we run this hospital , and they run they law school . darby enter the lobby in the background . Gray stand so that the receptionist do not see she . grantham could I see the administrator ? receptionist you may have a seat . grantham thank you . she leave and Gray turn to darby . darby walk through @ pair of double door . int . corridor - day darby walk down the corridor , check the name of the patient on the door . int . lobby - reception desk - day a very bureaucratic administrator be talk to Gray . administrator mr... grantham grantham . administrator yes ... visitation be only allow on Saturday and Sunday , and then only family . 107 . int . corridor - day darby stop at @ door with the name Edward linney on it . she knock . int . lobby - day grantham when do you expect Mr. linney to be discharge ? administrator I be afraid that be absolutely confidential . Gray give a furtive glance towards the door behind which darby disappear . he be clearly stalling . grantham probably when he insurance expire . administrator ( enraged ) what ? insert - telephoto lens of garcia - day darby ( 0.5 . ) do you recognize this man ? int . edward L. linney 's room - day edward linney , a rather delicate young man , look at the photo be darby 's hand . linney what 's he name ? darby ( discourage ) — that 's the whole point . we do not know . linney he work in the oil and gas section on the ninth floor . what be he name ? darby practically hold she breath . ( continued ) 108 . continued : linney Morgan . yep , Morgan . his first name be something like Charles , but that 's not it . darby I can not tell you how grateful I be . linney you know , when you open the door , I think I be hallucinate again . darby {as she back away from the bed ) I be really sorry . linney oh , no . i°11l take a hallucination like that any time . int . hallway outside linney's room - day darby come out of the room and quietly close the door behind she . she scoot toward the lobby . voice ( 0.8 . ) ( from behind she ) hey ! you ! darby turn and face a tall security guard with a gun on he hip . the door doorway . security guard ( as he back she into the wall ) what be you do ? darby . you scared I . I be visit my brother . security guard who 's you brother ? darby Edward linney ... to linney 's room open , revealing linney in the ( continued ) 109 . continued : security guard this you sister ? darby lead with she eye . linney yeah , leave she alone . darby Mom will be up this weekend . linney and Sarah ? darby yes , Edward ? linney ( really meaning it ) you come back soon . darby I will try . int . lobby - day grantham ( to administrator ) it hate to sound preachy , but I know you agree with I about the horrendous cost of health care . administrator of course , of course . darby enter quickly through the door , and be almost to the front deor when the administrator see she . administrator miss ! oh , miss ! can I have you name ? . darby be out the front door . Gray shrug at the administrator and casually leave the building . ext . parklane drive ( WASHINGTON ) - day camera follows they hertz pontiac . Gray be drive lize a bat out of hell . the camera let Gray 's car slide out of frame . another car appear in back of they . ( continued ) 110 . '' continued : camera zoom in , revealing rupert behind the wheel . he be holdin , + phone with he othar hand . int . rupertas car - day rupert ( inte phone ) I get ‘em ! int . phone booth - day Gray hold the phone to he ear . operator ( v.0 . ) I find no list for a curtis Morgan . int . car - day Gray enter the car . he start it quickly . grantham no luck . he must be unlist . ( look at he watch ) it 's quarter till four . we will have to hurry . darby where be we go ? grantham into the eye of the storm . if we ' can make it before close . darby White and blazevich ? they will know who you be . grantham that 's true . : darby and what if they associate I with the inquiry at georgetown ? grantham we be talk about get by a receptionist who do not have the least idea of anything that 's go on . ( continued ) lll . continued : darby maybe we better think about this some more . grantham okay . we will think about it . int . ninth floor reception room - day the receptionist sit before a wall with the name white and blazevich emblazon in brass letter . receptionist May I help you ? darby my name be dorothy blythe . I have a five o'clock appointment with curtis Morgan . . the receptionist look stunne . darby be something the matter ? receptionist just a moment . she stand quickly , and disappear in a rush . darby have a moment of terror , not sure if she should run and cut she loss . a man of about fifty come over to she , follow by the receptionist . man you say you have a appointment with curtis Morgan ? darby yes . at five . man ( inching closer ) when do you make the appointment ? darby about two week ago . if meet curtis at a party in georgetown . he tell I he as a oil and gas lawyer , and I happen to need one . ( continued ) 112 . the elevator door open , and schwabe , a man in a cheap suit approach quickly to juin the conversation . darby scowl at he . schwabe curtis Morgan be dead . darby my God , he be such a young man ! why do not anyone call I ? schwabe we have no record of a appointment with a dorothy blythe . darby what happen to he ? schwabe he be mug a week ago . shot by street punk , we believe . the guy in the cheap suit take a step closer . scwabe do you have any identification ? darby who in the hell be you ? schwabe he 's security . darby Security for what ? be this a law ' firm or a prison ? schwabe why do not you leave , Ms. blythe ? darby io can not wait ! the security man reach to assist she . man ( reach to assist she ) here . darby slap he hand . ( continued ) 113 . continued : darby touch I and I will sue you ass first thing tomorrow morning . the man be a bit shake . man I will see you down . darby I know how to leave . ( step backward ) I pay a half a million last year in legal fee . she be now in the corner of the lobby . darby and I have get a million to pay next year , but you idiot will not get it . the closer she get to the elevator , the louder she yell . . the Security man be at the elevator now , hold the door open for she . they watch she until the elevator door shut on she and she be go . int . underground parking garage - day darby run out of the elevator and run right into a big distinguished middle - age man who be wait to enter the elevator . the camera slam into he face as darby hit he . they eye face right into each other . it be sneller . darby , of course , have no idea who he be . and , at first , sneller , in he surprise , have no idea who she be . he walk into the elevator . as the door start to shut , it hit he . he run out of the elevator . sneller '’s Pov darby run to Gray 's rent car . Gray , see she terror , start the motor . she jump into the car and he 's off . Gray screech to a stop at the exit and hand the attendant he ticket and a bill and race out . ext . WASHINGTON STREET - twilight the car roar : down the street , slow abruptly and whirl into a alley . — — — 114 . deserted back alley - twilight the car come to a screeching halt . darby jump out and throw up against a wall . : Gray get out of the car and go over to she . she start to sob uncontrollably . he reach out to take she in he arm . but lung wildly , violently , she push , then kick he away . he stand there helplessly , as she continue sobbing . int . darby' HOTEL room - evening Gray pace along the end of the bed , hold the phone . darby be stretch out on the bed , she eye close . smith keen ( v.0 . ) we run a story about a young lawyer who be rob and shot about a week ago . I '11 check it out . grantham I need he wife 's name and address , if we have it . smith keen ( v.0 . ) I will call you back . what 's you number ? grantham T will call you . he hang up . he go over to the bed and sit down next to she . '' now look I in the face . she look at he . he 's very serious . grantham it 's time for you to leave . darby and if you need confirmation for the story ? grantham I be on my own . ( continued ) 115 . continued : darby what 's change you mind ? grantham I want you to reach 25 , my love . he pick up the phone and punch a number . grantham sorry , that 's the second time . ( into phone ) Smith , it 's Gray . smith keen ( v.0 . ) I have get the obit here . the usual - unsolve mugging stuff . TI get the widow 's address from the guy who cover police . Priscilla Morgan , 225 Willow Road , Bethesda . grantham ( write ) 225 Willow Road . smith keen ( v.0 . ) make sure you report in before noon tomorrow . we be nervous over here . ( beat ) you know , grantham , good help be hard to find . he hang up . darby I be go with you . grantham : it 's too risky , darby . what if they be watch the house ? darby it 's a little late for : you to bring up risk . ext . neat suburb ( alexandria ) - morgan house - night Gray with darby . he ring the doorbell . the door open slightly . older man ( from behind the door ) yes . ( continued ) 116 . continued : grantham I be Gray grantham with the Washington Post and this be my ] assistant , Sara Jacobs . darby smile reassuringly . Morgan . older man I be she father , and she do not grantham we would like to speak with Mrs. ! want to talk . grantham Sir , I respect she privacy , and T know what she 's bean through . older man since when do you guy respect anyone 's privacy ? grantham '' her husband call I three time } ~~ before he die . I do not believe : . he death be a random kill by street punk . older man , my daughter do not want to talk . now get the hell cut of here . he slam the door shut . Gray take a card out of he pocket . the number of he | hotel and room number be on the back . he slip it un - j derneath the door . grantham ( through door ) if she change she mind , the number 's on the back . ask for the room number . but please , do not ask for I by name . int . car - night Gray be drive . grantham I will try again tomorrow . ( continued ) ll . '' continued : she study the obstinate , relentless determination of he face . darby and tomorrow . grantham and the tomorrow after that . silence . grantham we be only fifteen minute from the airport . you can be out of here in a hour . darby tomorrow . int . darby' room - night darby lie in bed , stare at the ceiling . darby ( v.0 . ) after I figure where to go . int . grantham's room - jefferson HOTEL - night Gray lie in bed , stare at the ceiling . the phone ring . he pick it up . grantham yes ? woman ( v.0 . ) Mr. grantham ? grantham yes . woman ( v.0 . ) ( interrupt ) this be Mrs. Morgan . grantham ( control he excitement ) I be sorry if we upset you . ( continued ) continued : a look of 118 . | mrs . morgan ( woman ) . ( v.0 . ) my father be very protective . the reporter be awful after curtis be kill . grantham do you know he call I ? mrs . morgan ( v.0 . ) no . what do he say to you ? grantham he say he know something about the assassination of justice rosenberg and Jensen . we have plan to meet , but he call and say no . he be scared , and say he have to protect he family . do you know any of this ? mrs . morgan ( v.0 . ) no . bitter disappointment cross Gray 's face . mrs . morgan ( v.0 . ) how would he know anything about that dead judge ? grantham Mrs. Morgan , I wish I know . where do he keep he valuable papers ? mrs . morgan ( v.0 . ) we have a lockbox at the bank for deed and will and stuff . I * look at it last Thursday with my father , and there be nothing unusual in it . then Saturday morning , I be go through he papers in he desk in the bedroom and I find something a bit unusual . a key . grantham a key to what ? mrs . morgan ( v.0 . ) another lockbox . ' grantham which bank ? ( continued ) continued : silence . silence . 119 . mrs . morgan ( v.0 . ) first Columbia . we have never bank there . grantham I see . and you know nothing about this other lockbox ? mrs . morgan ( v.0 . ) not until Saturday morning . I find all of we legal papers in the old lockbox , so I have no reason to check this one . I figure I would run by when I feel up to it . on top of everything else , I be battle flu . grantham would you like I to check it for you ? grantham there could be a clue to who kill you husband . grantham Mrs. Morgan , we could be run out of time . mrs . morgan ( v.0 . ) T would think they would not give it ‘to anybody but he wife . but my father say you partner be a woman . grantham and totally trustworthy . mrs . morgan ( v.0 . ) I would have one condition . if you find some thing that disparage my husband in any way , you can not use it . grantham it 's a deal . I swear . ( continued ) 120 . continued : mrs . morgan ( v.q. ) | I think you should know that we bank froze we bex as soon as they learn of curtis 's death , and that I be allow only to view the content and make a inventory . the box will be release to I enly after the tax auditor finish they work . grantham of course , you do not know whether or not first Columbia know curtis be dead . mrs . morgan ( v.0 . ) I have no idea . do you want the key ? grantham do. you have it in you hand ? he get up and start to dress . int . madison HOTEL suite ( WASHINGTON ) - day sneller sit in a chair , he eye keep at the view through the window . sneller' Pov - WASHINGTON post directly across STREET - day int . bank - day darby enter the revolve door into a lobby as big as a football field . darby ( to a young woman at the information desk ) safe deposit box ? the girl point to a corner in the far right . darby get up to a set of massive bronze door . to the leave , a important - look lady of sixty sit behind a desk with the word safe deposit box across its front . darby ( to woman ) T need access to a box . ( continued ) 121 . continued : woman the oturn to she computer keyboard ) the number , please . darby f566 . the woman punch the number and wait for the word to flash on the screen . she frown , and move she face to within inch of it . woman that be rent two week ago . darby yes . woman I assume you be Mrs. Morgan . darby yes , beverly Anne Morgan . woman and you address ? darby 891 pembroke , Alexandria . she peck again . woman phone number ? 7 darby 706-664-5980 . woman who rent this box ? darby . my husband , curtis D. Morgan . woman and he social security number ? darby casually open she bag and pull out she wallet . darby ( as if read from @ card inside the wallet ) 510-96-8686 . ( continued ) 122 . continued : the woman place a wide card on a small clipboard on the desk , and point at it . woman sign here , Mrs. Morgan . darby sign on the second slot . the woman glance at the signature . woman do you have you key ? . darby of course . the woman take a small box from the drawer , and walk around the desk . woman follow I . they go through the bronze door . int . vault - day the vault be a maze of hallway and small chamber . two man in uniform walk by . darby follow the woman into one of the room . int . safe deposit BOX room - day the woman go over to f566 and stick in the key . darby insert she key next to the other one . the woman turn both key , and slide the box two inch from its slot . she remove the bank key . woman ( point to a small bocth ) when you finish , lock it back in place and come to my desk . darby thanks . the woman leave . darby slide the box from the wall . insert - BOX Inside there be two item ; a thin , brown legal - size envelope and a unmark videotape . 123 . close shot - darby she stuff the envelope and videctap : ir. she shoulder bag , slide the box back into its slot , and leave the room . ext . STREET - day darby open the door to the car and get in . int . car - day he start the car and speed away . she take the envelope out of she purse and open it . she pull out a document . darby ( study the document ) it 's a four page affidavit , swear to under oath before a notary public ... it 's date Friday . grantham the day before he last phone call to I . darby he 's work at White and blazevich in the oil and gas section for five year . during that time , he work for a client who be engage in a huge lawsuit in south Louisiana . the client be a man name Victor mattiece . darby look at Gray . she do not know whether to laugh or cry . grantham keep go . darby ( scan the document ) whom he would never meet ... lot about the lawsuit and how much it mean to mattiece . how desperate he be to win it . grantham it 's as if you write it . ( continued ) 124 . continued : dino 's : a partner name F , sim wakefield supervise the case for W. & B. Morgan work on the periphery of the case . brake squeal loudly , and they brace for the impact . a car barely miss they . grantham keep read . Gray yank the gearshift into drive , and pull the right front wheel over the curb and onto the sidewalk . darby he take a bunch of file and document that wakefield leave on he desk for he . not related to the case . when he get back to he own office , he find a handwritten memo on the bottom of the stack of document . he have inadvertently take it from wakefield 's desk . a copy of the memo be attach to the affidavit . ( examine the document ) he make a copy of the memo ... ext . WASHINGTON post build - high angle - day of Gray and darby walk into the building . , darby ( v.0 . ) and place the original in the same position under the file on he desk . room window in madison HOTEL across STREET - day sneller observe they through binocular . he put they down and go to the phone . insert - close shot - video cassette that be in the envelope , now playing on a vcr . ( continued ) 125 . continued : curtis mofcai : ( v.0 . - ) I would swear I would never see it . the memo be from M. velmano , a senior partner . it be date September 28 , direct to wakefield , and read : camera pan over to tv screen next to the vcr . it fill the theater screen . we see Morgan talk . curtis morgan ( v.0 . ) ( read from the memo ) sim : advise client , research be complete and the bench will sit much softer if the old man be retire . the second retirement be a bit unusual . Jensen , of all people . advise further that the pelican should arrive here in four year , assume other factor . int . WASHINGTON post conference room - day Gray and darby be watch the tape , surround by the top editor of the paper . : curtis morgan ( v.0 . ) there be no signature . grantham and editor 's Pov of tv monitor - day curtis morgan ( v.0 . ) after I copy it , I fold my copy of the memo and place it in a desk drawer . ten minute later , wakefield storm into my office , very disturh and pale . he scratch around ay desk , and find the memo . he ask if I have read it . no , I insisted . ' evidently , I mistakenly pick it up when I leave you office , ' I explain . " I have no idea until you just reach for it that it be there .' ( more ) ( continued ) 126 . continued : curtis morgan ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) then justice rosenberg and Jensen be kill . there be no doubt in my mind it be the work of mattiece and he associate . the memo do not mention mattiece , but it refer to a ' client . 's wakefield have no other client . and no one client have as much to gain from a new court as mattiece . I do not know who will see this tape . I will be dead , so it will not really matter , I guess . but if the sleazy lawyer be watch this tape , then you can all go straight to hell . int . WASHINGTON post - conference room Gray , darby and the editor . the tape be over . silence . smith keen ( to darby ) how do it feel to bat a thousand ? close shot - darby darby look at Smith . a good man , a bright man , a shrewd man , who have absolutely no ide of what she 's ' eeling . int . hoover build ( WASHINGTON ) - director' office - da 's voyle be on the phone . at the same time , he be go over papers . grantham ( v.0 . ) Mr. voyle , this be Gray grantham of the Washington Post . we be run a story in the morning detail a conspiracy in the assination of rosenberg and ( continued ) 127 . continued : voyle look up from he papers . grantham ( v.0 . ) we be name Victor mattiece , a oil speculator , and two of he lawyer here in town . we believe the f.b.i. know about mattiece early on , but refuse to investigate at the urging of the White House . we want to give you guy a chance to comment . int . white house - coal be office - day coal be on the phone . grantham ( v.0 . ) be you familiar with the pelican brief ? coal ( slowly into phone ) I be . grantham ( v.0 . ) we be run a story which , in summary , verify the fact set forth in that brief . and we have confirm that Mr. mattiece contribute in excess of four giillion dollar to the President 's campaign three year ago . coal ' four million , two hundred thousand , all through legal channeis . grantham ( v.0 . ) we also believe the White House intervene and attempt to obstruct the f.b.i. investigation into Mr. mattiece , and we want you comment , if any . coal the White House emphatically deny any direct or indirect involvement in any aspect of this investigation . you have receive some bad information . sound of elevator door open over a stunne coal . 128 . int . lobby of WASHINGTON post news room - close shot - elevator - evening voyle with k.0 . Lewis and two agent in tow . they exit the elevator . : int . newsroom - close shot - darby and grantham - evening Gray be on the phone . receptionist ( v.0 . ) White and blazevich . grantham marty velmano 's office , please . secretary ( v.0 . ) Mr. velmano 's office . grantham this be Gray grantham with the Washington Post , and I need to speak to he . it 's very urgent . secretary ( v.0 . ) one moment , please . the noisy , busy newsroom suddenly go silent . darby and Gray look up . darby and grantham '’s Pov - wide angle - newsroom - evening voyle and he entourage , in a historic moment , cross the newsroom to Smith keen 's office . people stop what they be do to gape . it be as if voyle and he entourage be walk through a still photograph . int . smith keen' office - early evening Smith and the editor with voyle and he entourage . smith keen ( hand voyle a copy of the draft ) why do not you and Mr. Lewis read a draft of the story . Mr. grantham , want you to have the opportunity to comment . int . WASHINGTON newsroom - close shot - darby and grantham Gray be still hold the phone . ( continued ) 129 . continued : velmano ( v.0 . ) this be marty velmano . what 's go on ? grantham we be run a story in the morning about you client , Victor mattiece , and he involvement in the assassination of justice rosenberg and Jensen . he hold the phone so darby can hear . velmano ( v.0 . ) great ! we will sue you ass for the next twenty year ! you will be name as a defendant . this will be great ! Victor mattiece will own the Washington poat ! this be fabulous ! grantham I do not know if you have hear of the pelican brief . we have a copy . we also have a copy of a memo you send to sim wakefield , date September 28 , in which you suggest you client 's 's position will be greatly improve if rosenberg and Jensen be remove from the court . velmano ( v.0 . ) I notice you have wait until five o'clock . a hour earlier , and we _ could have run to court and stop this damned thing . grantham do you deny you write the memo ? velmano ( ¥.0 . ) it 's a frabrication . . grantham there 's no lawsuit , Mr. velmano , and I think you know it . velmano ( v.0 . ) you son of a bitch . the phone click . they be listen to a dial tone . Smith keen walk over to Gray 's desk . ( continued ) 130 . continued : smith keen . I would like the two of you in the office with voyle . int . smith keen' office - early evening Smith , Gray and darby enter . smith keen this be darby Shaw . voyle so you be the little lady who start this great brouhaha . darby you be confusing I with a friend of the President . : voyle I have . some comment for the record . int . coal be office - evening his assistant enter . coal motion he to shut the door . voyle ( v.0 . ) first , we receive a copy of the pelican brief two week ago , and submit it to the White House on the same day . coal go over to the assistant . both they back be to the camera when coal speak . we do not hear what they be say . voyle ( v.0 . ) but it be not consider high priority in the investigation until Mr. gavin verheek , special counsel to the director , be find murder in New Orleans . the camera come around to coal 's and the assistant 's face . it be as if the assistant have be whiplash . voyle ( v.0 . ) at that time , the f.b.i1 . immediately begin a full - scale investigation of Victor mattiece . the assistant leave the office , follow by coal . 131 . int . coal' outer office - evening he say something to he secretary and exit . voyle ( v.0 . ) at this time we be attempt to locate he . int . white house - corridor - evening coal walk quickly through it . in the b.g. , we see the assistant walk just as purposefully in the opposite direction . int . WASHINGTON post - smith keen' office - evening grantham do the White House interfere with you investigation of mattiece ? voyle I will discuss it off the record . agreed ? smith agreed . int . white house reception room - evening the President be in the midst of a stage photo op with a foreign dignitary . voyle ( v.0 . ) ' last Wednesday , the President ask I to ignore Victor mattiece as a suspect . the President and the foreign dignitary beam at each other as flash bulb go off and tv camera roll . voyle ( v.0 . ) in he word , he ask I to back off . int . WASHINGTON post - smith keen' office - evening voyle I have a tape , which I will not allow anyone to hear unless the President first deny this . ( continued ) 132 . continued : smith keen what do you do now ? int . white house - reception room - evening coal , stand behind the reporter and photographer . his face reveal nothing as he wait for the President to finish . voyle ( v.0 . ) there will be a grand jury by noon tomorrow . Quick indictment . coal 's Pov - president as he rise , shake the foreign dignitary 's hand and he press spokesman dismiss the reporter . voyle ( v.0 . ) we will try to find mattiece . back to scene coal come up to the President . the President introduce he to the foreign dignitary . coal shake he hand and beam appropriately . he whisper something to the President , whe nod , but otherwise show no change in mood . coal exit . int . white house - outside oval office - evening we be look through a window into the light office . coal be pace up and down . the President come in and shut the door . he go over to coal . we see , but can not hear , as coal tell the President the terrible news . int . keen' office - evening voyle I would like to spend a few minute alone with ma. Shaw . that be , if she do not mind . darby I would like Mr. grantham to stay . the editor and voyle 's entourage leave . ( continued ) continued : 133. voyle what 's next for you ? darby who kill the man who masquerade as gavin verheek ? voyle you mean the assassin , khamel . off the record , the man who kill khamel be a contract operative hire independently by the c.i.a . darby ( quietly ) rupert . voyle he 's probably get twenty name . grantham why be he follow she ? voyle : L think the brief initially scared gminski more than the rest of we . he probably send rupert to trail darby , in part to watch , and in part to protect . grantham she be follow to New York , and she 's convinced they be here . darby 's they be out there . and they be not ail c.i.a. voyle we can help . what do you want ? darby =. I want to leave the country , but when I do , I want to make damned sure no one follow . mot you , not they , not rupert nor any of he pal . : voyle alright . we will get you out of the building , we will put you on wy piane and fly you anywhere you want . ( more ) ( continued ) 134 . continued : voyle ( cont 'd ) you can disappear from there . you have my word we will not follow . but you must allow I to contact you through Mr. grantham here if , and only if , it become urgently necessary . darby let 's do it like this . I get on the plane , and it 's head for Denver . and no one be on it but I , Gray , and the pilot . and thirty minute after we take off , I instruct the pilot to go to , let 's say , Chicago . can he do that ? voyle he have to file a flight plan before he leave . darby you be the director of the f.b.i. , and you can pull some string . voyle what happen when you get to Chicago ? darby I get off the plane alone , and it return to andrew with Gray . voyle and what do you do in Chicago ? darby I get lose in a busy airport , and catch the first flight out . voyle when do you wish to leave ? she look at Gray . darby ( to voyle ) I be ready now . ext . WASHINGTON post - night see from a high vantage point across the street . darby and Gray emerge from the building , surround by 's : < armed FBI man use they body as shield . . 135 . int . madison HOTEL room across STREET - night sneller , at the window ; reach for-his binocular . ext . WASHINGTON post - sneller' Pov through binoculars - - night darby and Gray , surround by the six FBI man . the binocular swing over to other FBI man , gun at the ready , keep they eye on all the tall building face the Washington Post and its parking lot . ext . office build - roof - night a lone man crouch at the ledge , he rifle next to he . he pick up binocular and look through they . assassin 's Pov through gunsight - night darby and Gray walk towards the parking lot , surround by the FBI man . . the image swing back to the Washington Post and up , as the assassin swing he binocular away before put they down . the binocular pass through they so fast that we barely see the image of man on the roof of the Washington Post ext . office build - roof - night the assassin reach for the high - power rifle next to he , but stop before complete the motion . he reach for he binocular again and look through they , aim at the roof of the Washington Post . assassin' Pov through binoculars - night on the roof of the Washington Post , look back at he with a high - power infra red camera , take he picture with a long focus lens -- be one FBI man . next to he be another with he gun point at he . ext . WASHINGTON post parking lot - night darby and Gray get into the van with the six FBI man . the van move out into traffic and away . 136 . ext . private airport - night voyle watch as darby anc grey be escortcd to the FBI plane . ext . atlanta airport - night as the FBI plane land . a special van come up to it . the door open . darby step out . Gray appear in back of she . he start to follow she down the step , but she stop he . close shot - grantham watch she . ext . atlanta airport - gray' Pov - night darby get into a van . the van drive off towards the terninal . close shot - grantham devastate at see she go . back to scene he get back into the plane . the door shut behind hin . int . atlanta airport - night camera closely follows darby in the crowd , then rise high above , as she be lose in the sea of people hurry to they destination . . ext . coal be house - night voyle ' limo drive up . voyle and two agent jump from the resr of the car and walk to the front door . voyle hold a newspaper . he bang the door with he fist . the door open . coal stand there in pajamas and a robe . voyle hand he the newspaper . 137 . insert - WASHINGTON post - front page - night a picture of the President hugging mattiece underneath a enormous headline : '' supreme court assassination plot revealed . possible obstruction of justice . '' insert - four television monitor - day the screen be divide into four box , the screen of four television monitor . they contain image from the morning news show , jump from the White House to the Supreme Court , from White & blazevich , to the Hoover Building . the sound jump from one to the other and back again as a unseen person switch back and forth . int . oval office - day the President and coal watch the debacle . ext . endless sea unlike the sea that deliver khamel , this one be warm and sunny , sensusl , invite . camera do a one hundre - EIGHT degree pan , revealing a pristine beach , a tiny cottage above , and finally darby , lay on the sand , eye close . from the richness of she tan , she could almost be a native . a dark shadow move over she . she open she eye in fear . darby' Pov - grantham - day still in the clothes he must have travel in . close shot - darby - day her fear turn into happiness . her arm reach up to he . fade out . this script be prepare by warner bros . inc . script processing department ( 818 ) 954-4632