the imitation game written by Graham Moore base on " Alan turing : the enigma " by Andrew hodge black . alan turing ( v.0o . ) be you pay attention ? int . alan turing 's house - day - 1951 a half -dozen police officer swarm the Manchester home of mathematics professor Alan turing . alan turing ( v.0o . ) good . this be go to go very quickly now . if you be not listen carefully , you will miss thing . important thing . you be write some of this down ? that 's good . inside alan 's house : there 's be a break - in , and the house be a mess - someone have give it a pretty thorough once -over . alan turing ( v.0o . ) I will not pause , I will not repeat myself , and you will not interrupt I . if you ask I a question , I will ignore it . you think that because you be sit where you be , and I be sit where I be , that you be in control of what be about to happen . you be mistaken . I be in control , because I know thing that you do not know . paper ink black with mathematical symbol litter the floor . the test tube and beaker of turing 's chemical work be shattered in the study , cyanide and potassium nitrate dripping across the ugly carpet . alan turing ( v.0o . ) what I will need from you now be a commitment . you will listen closely , and you will not judge I . and , in the corner : a machine . it 's the size of a dresser , tall , sprout vacuum tube and wire . it look anachronistic here , too futuristic for its time . the constable look at the machine , confuse : what be that thing ? alan turing ( v.o. ) when I be finish — when I have tell you that I be finish — you be free to think whatever you like . but until then , you will trust that while this story will be hard for you to understand , everything I be say I be say for a reason . a constable phone in the robbery to police headquarters — int . police headquaters - day — at headquarters , a radio girl receive the information and pass it to a assistant for delivery to the detective on duty — int . mi-6 - radio operator 's room / hallway - day — while in London , a radio operator in a dark room far below Victoria Street intercept the message — alan turing ( v.o . ) if you can not commit to this , then please leave the room . that 's right , you be the one who 's free to go . but if you choose to stay , if you choose to listen , remember this : if thing happen that you do not like , you choose to be here . — the message be handed off and whisked through the dim hallway — int . mi-6 - meniie office - day — until it 's finally deposit on the desk of stewart meniie , the director of MI - 6 . british secret Intelligence service . alan turing ( v.o. ) what happen from this moment forward be not my responsibility : it 's yours . Menzies pick up the message : '' Alan turing have be rob . '' alan turing ( v.o. ) this will go quite fast now . ( laugh ) and that be the last time I will repeat myself . pay attention . ext . alan turning 's house - morning detective ROBERT nock , 40s , athletic , more interested in football than be a detective , hustle past a few double - park police car and up the step and into : int . alan turning 's house - continuous detective nock enter to find the same messy crime scene we just see . he 's address by sergeant staehl . sgt . staehl bit late , do not you think ? detective nock the baby . up all night , holler and cry . June say it 's collick . ( cre : the mess ) what 's all this , then ? sgt . staehl turing , Alan . Professor at King 's . seem there 's be a robbery . detective nock what of ? sgt . staehl that 's just it . nothing 's miss , really . detective nock no , what 's he a professor of ? sgt . staehl ( consulting note ) math . or , as he put it , '' ordinal logic , with a dose of number theory . '' on nock : what on earth do that mean ? staehl shrug . detective nock what 's he do in Manchester ? sergeant staehl show nock the machine in the corner . on nock : what the hell be that ? sgt . staehl something with machine . Project at the npl , I check , but he will not say what it 's on . detective nock he 's a bit squirrely then , we Professor turing ? sgt . staehl that 's put it mildly . sergeant staehl motion to the next room , and he follow nock in ... ++. where they find alan turing , 38 . he 's the smartest man in the room , and he know it . but he do not really care if you do . turing be very carefully sweeping up a pile of white powder . he 's do it with a paintbrush , he mouth cover in a scarf . he 's totally oblivious to the detective as they enter . detective nock Professor turing ? ( beat ) Professor turing ? my name be detective nock . Manchester Police . sergeant staehl here tell I you have have a robbery last night . ( still nothing ) Professor turing ? detective nock step closer , peer over turing 's shoulder at the white powder . detective nock ( cont ’d ) Professor — alan turing — I would step back , if I be you . detective nock pardon I ? alan turing step back , and do not breathe so much . detective nock breathe ? alan turing you be breathe heavily and you be go to inhale this junk and you be go to leave you collicky son without a father . detective nock stop , and step back . what in the world ? alan turing ( cont ’d ) sound carry in this house . detective nock what be all that ? alan turing cyanide . undilute . would not take more than a thimbleful to kill you . turing finish sweeping the cyanide into a jar , before safely capping it . turing stand , remove he scarf , and for the first time take a look at detective nock . size he up . alan turing ( cont ’d ) oh. disappoint . detective knock and sergeant staehl exchange a look . detective nock pardon ? alan turing I would hope for a bit more . detective nock sergeant staehl , be it just I , or do you get the sense that we be be insulted ? alan turing ( to nock ) you lie to you friend here about you son , which be just unseemly . collick do not keep you up all night . drink do . you have bag under you eye the size of strawberry . you topcoat reek of whiskey . you be short of breath after walk 30 pace . and I believe Manchester United have a match yesterday , yes ? I could hear the shouting from Simpson 's on my way home . detective nock ( catch ) ++. we win by four . would have be unseemly not to celebrate . sergeant staehl sigh , embarrassed . sgt . staehl you have a break in last night . you neighbor , a Mr. springborn , call to report the noise . only you say there 's nothing miss . odd . so how about it — you tell we what happen , and we find the chap who do this . alan turing gentlemen , I do not think you could figure out who break into my house if he walk up and spat in you face . what I could really use at the moment be not a bobby but a good clean lady . so unless one of you have a apron in you car , I would suggest that you file you report and leave I alone . staehl be about to say something — and probably something aggressive , by the look of he face — but nock stop he . detective nock ++. as you say , Professor turing . best of luck with you cyanide . ext . alan turning 's house - moment later detective nock and sergeant staehl walk away from turing 's house . sgt . staehl I will give you a bob if you can name I a more insufferable sod . detective nock curious , be not he ? sgt . staehl oh , you have a soft spot for the bastard ' cause he call you on you drink ? which , while we be on the subject — detective nock — seem a bit force though , do not it ? sgt . staehl do not know what you mean . detective nock if you do not want a pair of bobby digging around in you personal affair , well , that would have be a stellar way to see that they do not . tell I you do not think this be suspicious . sgt . staehl I do not think this be suspicious . detective nock a mysterious professor who will not admit he 's have something steal from he flat ? sgt . staehl what be you suggest ? detective nock I be suggest that Alan turing be hide something . CUT to : int . euston station - london - day - 1939 Alan turing — 11 year young — hurrie through euston Station on the day that Britain declare war on Germany . the station be prepare for war : paperboys scream the headline : '' 800,000 child evacuated ! '' '' german bomb coming ! '' '' food supplies rationed ! '' military personnel herd pack of child like cattle onto rumbling train . the child , bear with stiff upper lip , hold back they tear . a father shake the hand of he 8 - year -old son goodbye , almost business - like . neither know if they will ever see one another again . Alan move through this determinedly , methodically , and unemotionally — it 's like he do not even notice anyone be there . int / ext . train - day - later Alan turing walk down the aisle of a train bound for bletchley Park — he be the only adult face amidst the sea of child . he watch a SMALL boy pour over a puzzle book . older kide , loud and rowdy , taunt the small Boy , who do not look up , he 's so focus on he puzzle . Alan watch . maybe he smile . maybe he understand . ext . bletchley village - STREET - a few hour later Alan walk through the small village of bletchley . he pass a sign that read '' bletchley radio manufacactur '' as he head to ext . bletchley park - a hour later Alan arrive at the impose front gate of bletchley Park . a enormous victorian mansion lie in the center of the grounds , surround by empty garden and tall iron fence . as Alan approach , two naval officer with machine gun step out from behind the barricade . whatever this place be , it 's housing something very secret inside . int . bletchley park - commander denniston 's office - later a few minute later , Alan sit alone in a cluttere office . he stare ahead blankly at the empty chair behind the desk . wait . commander denniston ( 0.s. ) — what be you do here ? Alan turn with a start . alan turing the girl tell I to wait — commander denniston in my office ? she tell you to help yourself to a cup of tea while you be here ? alan turing no . she do not . commander denniston she do not tell you what a joke be then either , I gather . alan turing be she suppose to ? commander denniston for Christ 's sake — who be you ? alan turing Alan turing . commander denniston ( look at papers on he desk ) turing ... let I see ... oh , turing . the mathematician . alan turing correct . commander denniston how ever could I have guess ? alan turing you do not . it be write on you paper . commander denniston ++. King 's College , Cambridge . say here you be a bit of a prodigy in the math department . alan turing I be not sure I can evaluate that , mr... ? commander denniston how old be you , Mr. turing ? alan turing 27 . commander denniston how old be you when you become a fellow at Cambridge ? alan turing 24 . commander denniston and how old be you when you publish this paper here , that have a title I can barely understand , which apparently get you this fellowship ? alan turing 23 . 10 . commander denniston and you do not think that qualify you as a certified prodigy ? alan turing Rather depend on how old my peer be when they do comparable work , do not it ? commander denniston and how old be they ? alan turing Newton discover the binomial theorem at 22 . Einstein publish four papers that change the world at 26 . as far as I can tell I have barely make par . commander denniston you be serious , be not you ? alan turing would you prefer I make a joke ? commander denniston not sure you know what that be . alan turing it hardly seem fair that that would be a requirement for employment here , mr...? commander denniston Commander denniston , of the Royal navy . all right , Mr. turing , I 'il bite . why do you want to work for his majesty 's government ? alan turing oh , I do not , really . commander denniston ( suspicious ) be you a bleed pacifist , turing ? alan turing I be agnostic about violence . commander denniston but you realize that 600 mile from London there 's this nasty chap name Hitler who 's look to engulf Europe in tyranny ? 11 . alan turing Politics be not my area of expertise . commander denniston I believe you have just set a record for the shortest job interview in british military history . alan turing mother say that I can be off - put sometimes . on account of be the best mathematician in the world . commander denniston you be the best mathematician in the world ? alan turing oh. yes . commander denniston ++. do you know how many people I have reject for this program ? alan turing no . commander denniston that 's right . because we be a top secret program . but i’1ll tell you , just because we be friend , that last week I reject one of we great nation 's top linguist , know german better than bertolt brecht . alan turing I do not speak german . commander denniston what ? alan turing I do not . speak german . commander denniston how the bloody hell be you suppose to decrypt german communication if you do not , oh , I do not know , speak german ? alan turing I be quite excellent at crossword puzzle . and for a 12 . commander denniston ( call off ) margaret ! alan turing the german code be a puzzle . a game . just like any other game . commander denniston margaret ! where be you ?! alan turing I be very good at game . puzzle . and I think this be the hardest puzzle in the world . commander denniston margaret ! ?! ( beat ) for the love of . obviously . this be a joke , alan turing I be afraid I can not make joke , Commander denniston . split second , denniston actually smile . commander denniston have a pleasant trip back to Cambridge , Professor . alan turing enigma . at the mention of this word denniston look suddenly serious . secretary ( " margaret " ) ( pop head in ) you call for I ? he wave her away , entirely focus on what Alan just say . alan turing ( after she leave ) ++. that 's what you be do here . the top secret program at bletchley . you be try to break the german enigma machine . commander denniston what make you think that ? alan turing it 's the great encryption device in history , and the Germans use it for all major communication . ( more ) 13 . alan turing ( cont 'd ) if the ally break enigma — well , this would turn into a very short war indeed . of course you be work on it . but you also have not get anywhere . if you have , you would not be hire cryptographer out of University . you need I a lot more than I need you . I would just as easily go work for the Germans , frankly , but they simply do not have anything this good to work on . we mathematician be not as impressive as theirs . with one significant exception . I like solving problem , Commander . and enigma be the most difficult problem in the world . commander denniston enigma be not difficult . it 's impossible . the Americans . the french . the Russians . the Germans . everyone think enigma be unbreakable . alan turing goody ! let I try and we will know for sure . the man stare at each other . neither blink . int . bletchley park - day - later angle on : a machine . it look like a typewriter that get leave on the set of blade runner . wire run all over it . extra gear stick out of the side . blink light that reveal german character . half electrical , half mechanical . commander denniston ( 0.s. ) welcome to enigma . slowly reveal : commander denniston , 5as , be show the enigma machine to the new recruit . they be : hugh alexander , 30 , love woman and chess in equal measure . JOHN cairncross , 30 , Scottish , not the prodigy he compatriot be and know it . peter hilton , 20 , a precocious undergrad from Oxford . keith furman and charle richard , 40s , both stodgy linguist . 14 . Stewart Menzies — head of MI - 6 , who we briefly glimpse in the open — stand in the corner , silent and observe . charm and inscrutable , he do not become the head of british secret Intelligence service by accident . commander denniston ( cont 'd ) the german navy encode every message they send use the enigma machine . the detail of every surprise attack , of every secret convoy , of every U - Boat in the bloody Atlantic go into that thing , and out come ... gibberish . finally reveal : ... Alan stand with they , stare at the machine like it 's the sistine Chapel . he reach out and touch it lovingly . alan turing it 's beautiful . commander denniston it 's the crooked hand of death itself . denniston show Alan sheet of enigma message : page after page of random letter . commander denniston ( cont 'd ) we wren intercept thousand of radio message a day . but to the lovely young lady of the woman 's Royal navy , they be nonsense . it 's only when you feed they back into enigma that they make sense . JOHN cairncross but we have a enigma machine . commander denniston yes . Polish intelligence smuggle this out of Berlin . JOHN cairncross so what 's the problem ? just put the intercept message back in to enigma and — alan turing — it 's not that simple , be it ? just have a enigma machine do not help you decode the message . 15 . commander denniston very good , Mr. turing . to decode a message , you need to know the machine 's setting . the Germans switch setting every day , promptly at midnight . we usually intercept we first message around 6 be . which give you exactly 18 hour every day to crack the code before it change , and you start again . Alan look at the machine carefully . alan turing five rotor . six plugboard cable . that 's ... charle richard five — JOHN cairncross — thousand million — peter hilton — no no it 's — I have get it — charle richard — million , million — keith furman -— in the million , obviously — charle richard — obviously — alan turing — over one hundred and fifty million million million possible setting . all eye turn to turing : wow . commander denniston ++. very good . hugh alexander one hundred fifty nine , if you would rather be exact about it . everyone look at Hugh now . hugh alexander ( cont ’d ) one five nine with eighteen zeroe behind it . possibility . every single day . Jesus Christ . who be this guy ? 16 . commander denniston gentlemen , meet Hugh Alexander . I have personally select he to run this unit . JOHN cairncross do not you ...? commander denniston Mr. Alexander win Britain 's national chess championship . hugh alexander twice . JOHN cairncross ( extend a hand to Hugh ) John cairncross . commander denniston ( to Alan ) you be not the only one who 's good at game around here . alan turing be we all to work together then ? I prefer to have my own office . commander denniston you be a team , and you will work as one . alan turing I do not have time to explain myself as I go along , and I be afraid this man will only slow I down . stewart meniie ( piping up from the corner ) -— if you can not play together , then I be afraid we can not let you play at all . they all stare at he . commander denniston this be Stuart Menzies . MI - 6. the team acknowledges Menzies . charle richard there be only five division of military intelligence . there be no '' MI - 6 . " '' 17 . stewart meniie exactly . that 's the spirit . ( to Alan ) Mr. turing . do you know how many british serviceman have die because of enigma ? alan turing I do not . stewart meniie Three . they all stare at Menzies : that do not sound like very many . stewart meniie ( cont 'd ) ».. while we have be have this conversation . ( check he watch ) oh look . there 's another . Rather hope he do not have a family . this war that Commander denniston 's be go on about ? we be not win it . break the code and at least we might have a chance . ( to denniston ) shall we leave the child alone with they new toy ? Menzies and Commander denniston leave . the team stand there . with enigma . hugh alexander alright boy . let 's play . CUT to : ext . sherborne school for boy - day - 1927 teenage boy play cricket in the green front garden of a boy board school . behind they loom the school 's stately central manor house . alan turing ( v.0o . ) the problem begin , of course , with the carrot . int . sherborne school for boy - day young alan turing , 15 , sit alone in the dining hall . other boy joke and laugh and tell animated storey at nearby table , but Alan sit alone , stare intently at he food . 18 . on alan 's plate : boil steak . potato . pea . and carrot . alan turing ( v.0o . ) carrot be orange . pea be green . they must not touch . Alan carefully try to separate the carrot from the peas . it 's like he 's perform brain surgery . behind alan , a group of bigger boy approach quietly . one of they hold a tray of boil vegetable — — the boy try to muffle there giggle so Alan can not hear they approach — — the boy dump the tray of vegetable all over alan . Alan scream . the boy laugh as Alan scream and shake and try to get the peas and carrot and everything else off of he . he 's in hell . Alan fall down . still shaking , still scream . young alan carrot be orange ! carrot be orange ! carrot be orange ! boy # 1 what a bloody weirdo ! Alan curl up into a ball as he shiver . CUT to : int . coffin - a few minute later ++. Alan be now inside a coffin . he 's kicking at the wooden board above and scream to be released . it 's not help . from above , we hear the familiar laughter of the schoolboys . reveal : the '' coffin '' be make -shift ; the boy have construct it out of the break floorboard of a half - finish class room . Alan be bury underground , and they be nail he in . 19 . alan turing ( v.0o . ) do you know why people like violence ? because it feel good . the thump thump of nail enter the board . alan turing ( v.0o . ) human find violence deeply satisfy . but remove the satisfaction , and the act become ... hollow . from inside the coffin : Alan go silent . the boy pound away , but the silence unnerve they . boy # 1 Alan ? Alan ? boy # 2 C ’mon do not be such a kike about it ... boy # 3 leave he to bloody rot . the boy leave . there 's still only silence from inside Alan 's coffin . Alan breathes slowly . quietly . control he shiver to barely a tremor . he wait . alan turing ( v.0o . ) I do not learn this on my own though . I have help . suddenly , the board above he creak . then bend . then SNAP . then a arm reach down and pull Alan out of the coffin . reveal : christopher morcom , 16 , tall , pretty , and charming in way that Alan will never , ever be . christopher Christ , I think they be go to kill you . Christopher pull Alan from the floorboard coffin and they — ext . sherborne school for boy - second later walk away from the half - finish school room , Christopher help Alan as he hobble . 20 . young alan it 's not my fault . the carrot get in with the peas . ( off Christopher 's look ) I be sorry . I will not let they do it again . christopher they be get worse . young alan they only beat I up because I be smarter than they be . christopher no . they beat you up because you be different . so you will have to try a little harder to blend in . young alan mother say I be just a odd duck . christopher and she 's right . Alan stumble and Christopher grab he hand , steadying he . christopher ( cont 'd ) but you know , sometimes it be the very people who no one imagine anything of who do the thing that no one can imagine . alan turing ( v.o. ) Christopher help . CUT to : int . police station - manchester - day - 1951 detective nock sit at he desk , yell incredulously into he telephone . detective nock what do you mean , '' classified '' ? ( beat ) ».. yes , I be aware of the literal meaning of the word '' classified , '' what I be ask be why would a math professor have he military record classified ? ( beat ) . well then I will come down there and ... 21 . nock hang up , frustrated . he notice sergeant staehl walk past . detective nock ( cont ’d ) come with I . ext . manchester street - later detective nock and sergeant staehl walk through Manchester , away from the police station . sgt . staehl ++. so be you go to catch this mysterious thief who have not actually steal anything ? detective nock Alan turing be a suspect in a robbery but they will not share a thing with the police ? sgt . staehl '' suspect '' ? I distinctly recall write he name next to the word '' victim . '' nock look around , pay no attention to staehl . he see something ( which we do not ) in the reflection of a shop window . detective nock will ? sgt . staehl yes ? detective nock I be terribly sorry about this . suddenly , nock push staehl , hard . staehl , reeling , be very , very confuse . sgt . staehl what ? nock respond by punching staehl across the jaw , send he to the ground . people on the street turn and stare . nock run away down the street — 22 . staehl start chasing after he — — they each dodge passersby , who be all stare — — until nock suddenly change direction and slam into a pedestrian — — the pedestrian and nock tumble to the ground . the two scramble , and then exchange a look : the pedestrian be ... concerned . the pedestrian struggle to he feet and run off . nock stand dusting himself off as staehl catch up to he — — and punch nock in the jaw . detective nock oww ! would you stop it ? sgt . staehl what be wrong with you ? detective nock here . nock hand a billfold back to staehl . sgt . staehl whose be this ? very confuse , staehl look through the billfold . sgt . staehl ( cont 'd ) ++. that man you knock over ! you steal he billfold . nock shrug . sgt . staehl ( cont ’d ) oh. Bob ? detective nock yes ? sgt . staehl there 's a photograph of you . staehl show nock the billfold 's content : a photo of nock , paper with nock address , personal data . sgt . staehl ( cont 'd ) that man be follow you . 23 . detective nock have be for awhile now . sgt . staehl good God ... you home address , you district , you ... Bob , there be a letter here from the foreign Office . staehl show he : the letter , stamp with the foreign Office seal , instruct that the bearer be grant access to all record concern one '' ROBERT nock " '' . female pedestrian ( approach they ) — be you two all right ? sgt . staehl ( to pedestrian ) bugger off . she leave , offended . sgt . staehl ( cont ’d ) why be you be follow ? we have to call this in . detective nock ( look at the letter ) I think I might have a better idea . CUT to : int . police station - manchester - later quick shot : nock paint tipp - ex over he own name on the letter he just steal , and type in a new one — '' alan turing '' int . admiralty record office - day - later detective nock walk up to a secretary . detective nock ( to Secretary ) pardon I . I would like to see some document , if I may . service record of a Mr. turing . Alan . he flash the forged letter . detective nock ( cont ’d ) foreign Office send I . 24 . off of nock 's smile we CUT to : ext . atlantic ocean - german plane - day — 1940 alan turing ( v.o. ) the game be quite a simple one . on the atlantic : — a german spyplane spot a british convoy travel across the ocean , far away . we hear the beep beep of morse code as the spyplane send out a encrypted message and we cut to — ext . british ship - on deck - day — the deck of one of the british ship . a seaman smoke a cigarette as wave crash against the side . he 's approach by two friend . he look : he 's only get one smoke leave . in a kind gesture , he snap he cigarette in half , share it — int / ext . german submarine - day — as underwater , a german submarine receive the beep beep of the morse message about the convoy 's location . the sub change course — alan turing ( v.o. ) every single german message . every surprise attack . every bombing run . every imminent u-boat assault . they be all float through the air , radio signal that any schoolboy with a am kit could intercept . int . bletchley park - hut 14 - day at bletchley park : — Inside hut 14 : row after row of radio station , all staff by the smartly dress young lady of the woman 's Royal navy . one wren , listen to morse code on she headphone , intercept the very same beep beep of the message — alan turing ( v.o. ) the trick be that they be encrypt . — she take it down by hand : it 's gibberish . encrypt . she place the message in a pile — 25 . — a female assistant pick up the pile of encrypt message - ext . bletchley park - hut 14 - day — and carry it through bletchley — — the grounds surround the mansion at bletchley Park be now litter with 18 wooden '' hut '' — hastily construct structure that contain all of Britain 's top secret cryptography operation — alan turing ( v.o. ) one hundred and fifty nine million million million possible enigma setting . all we have to do be try each one . ext . bletchley park - hut 8 - day — the female Assistant hurry past armed guard and security checkpoint into — int . bletchley park - hut 8 - day — hut 8 : where the enigma cryptanalysis team do they work . alan turing ( v.o. ) but if we have 10 man check one set a minute , for 24 hour every day and seven day every week , it would take ... well , you tell I . how many day would it take to check each of the setting ? — John cairncross , Peter Hilton , keith furman , and Charles Richards use perforated sheet to analyze enigma message as the female Assistant deposit the pile onto Hugh Alexander 's desk . all around Hut 8 , we see stack after stack of encrypt message , just like the one that be just deliver . alan turing ( v.o. ) would you like a hint ? it 's not day . it 's year . the team do they best to decrypt this stack of message , but they be get nowhere . there be thousand of message , and only four cryptographer . 26 . alan turing ( v.0o . ) ( sigh ) oh dear , you still have not work it out , have you ? pity you do not pay more attention in school . ( beat ) it 's 20 million year . move in on the urgent message about the attack , which be untouched as — ext . atlantic ocean - british ship - deck - day back in the atlantic : — the deck of the british ship . the sailor smoke as we — alan turing ( v.0o . ) to stop a come attack , we would have to check 20 million year worth of setting ... in 20 minute . — move down into the water to see that the german submarine have arrive . it fire a torpedo at the helpless convoy and we cut — int . bletchley park - hut 8 - day back to hut 8 : the team be still bury in pile after pile of undecrypted message . another convoy have be lose because they could not move fast enough , and they be so far behind they do not even know it yet . peter hilton I be famish . Hugh stretch , stare out the window , where he see a wren pass by . hugh alexander ( cre : the wren ) good God , what be it with woman in little hat ? John , Peter , keith and Charles all look as well — there be in fact something strangely sexy about woman in little hat . John cairncross get up and walk into the next room , where he find Alan , work alone . 27 . JOHN cairncross the boy . we be go to get some lunch ? ( Alan ignore he ) Alan ? alan turing yes . JOHN cairncross I say we be go to get some lunch ? ( Alan keep ignore he ) Alan ? alan turing yes . JOHN cairncross can you hear I ? alan turing yes . JOHN cairncross I say we be off to get some lunch . ( silence ) this be start to get a bit repetitive . alan turing what be ? JOHN cairncross I have ask if you want to have lunch with we . alan turing no you do not . you tell I you be get lunch . JOHN cairncross have I offended you in some way ? alan turing why would you think that ? JOHN cairncross would you like to come to lunch with we ? alan turing when be lunchtime ? 28. hugh alexander ( call out ) Christ , Alan , it 's a bleed sandwich . alan turing what be ? hugh alexander lunch . alan turing I do not like sandwich . JOHN cairncross nevermind . hugh alexander John be try to be nice . alan turing how ? JOHN cairncross let it go . hugh alexander you know to pull off this irascible genius routine , one have to actually be a genius . yet we be the one make progress here , be not we ? alan turing you have ? hugh alexander we have decrypt a number of german message by analyze the frequency of letter distribution . alan turing oh . even a break clock be right twice a day . that 's not progress at all , that 's just blind luck . I be design a machine that will allow we to break every message , every day , instantly . we see he work : electrical schematics . he 's design a strange new machine . on the team : a machine ? that 's ridiculous . peter hilton who 's hungry ? let 's go . 29 . hugh alexander bye , Alan . the guy gather they thing and walk out ... alan turing I be hungry . they turn . JOHN cairncross what ? alan turing Peter ask if anyone be hungry . I am. ( they stare at he ) May I have some soup , please ? ext . bletchley park - hut 8 - moment later Hugh , John , Peter , keith and Charles all exit Hut 8 , shaking they head and laugh at what a impossible weirdo Alan be . in the window , we see Alan 's face , alone with he work . on alan : he look out at the team , a slight long to be among they , and yet the resolution that he never can be . ext . outskirt of bletchley - day - sequence Alan run for mile and mile along the outskirt of bletchley . he think when he run . it focus he . he look intent , deeply concentrate as he press he leg as hard as they 's 1ll go . intercut with : int . bletchley park - hut 8 - day - sequence Alan obsessively work on something in Hut 8 , fill sheet after sheet of paper with he design . he 's draw schematics ... as it fill out , we see what it be : it 's a huge machine . 30 . ext . bletchley park - day Alan walk through the camp brandish a piece of paper . he 's a fish out of water amidst all of the military men move supplies around he . he find what he 's look for : Commander denniston stand before a supply truck , check the manifest as supplies be unloaded . alan turing this be unacceptable . commander denniston turing . if you have like to discuss the complaint , I have suggest make a proper appointment with my office . alan turing complaint ? Hugh Alexander have deny my requisition . part and equipment , to build the machine I have design . commander denniston you fellow codebreaker be refuse to work with you . they have file a formal complaint . alan turing it 's inspire by a old Polish code machine , only infinitely more advanced . commander denniston if you do not respond to the complaint , I will have to take it up with the Home Office . alan turing Fine . my response be , they be all idiot . Fire they and use the savings to fund my machine . i’1l only need about a hundred thousand pound . commander denniston a hundred thousand — why be you building a machine ? alan turing it 's highly technical . you would not understand . 31 . commander denniston I suggest you make a effort to try . alan turing ++. enigma be a machine . a very well - design machine . we problem be that we be try to beat it with man . what if only a machine can defeat another machine ? denniston stare at he . commander denniston .».. Hugh Alexander be in charge of you unit and if he 's say no , that 's that . alan turing I do not have time for this — commander denniston — have you ever win a war before , turing ? I have . do you know how it 's do ? order. discipline . chain of command . you be not at University any longer . you be a very small cog in a very large system and you will do as you commanding officer instruct . alan turing who be you commanding officer ? commander denniston Winston churchill . 10 down Street , London . you have a problem with my decision you can take it up with he . and with that , denniston walk away , furious . on alan : well alright , if you say so ... ext . bletchley park - MAIN gate - later Stewart Menzies walk out of the bletchley 's MAIN gate , through security , when 's he 's approach by : alan turing Mr. Menzies ! you be head back to London , yes ? stewart meniie possibly . 32 . alan turing will you deliver a letter for I ? Alan hand Menzies a letter : it 's address to '' winston churchill . 10 downing ST . london . '' on meniie : well , this should be interesting ... int . bletchley park - denniston 's office - day the team — Alan , Hugh , John , Peter , keith , and Charles — be assemble in Commander denniston 's office for a meeting . Stewart Menzies watch quietly from the corner , as be he way . hugh alexander you must be joke . churchill put Alan in charge ?!?!?! keith furman -— this be a terrible plan — peter hilton — no no no no no no — alan turing — really ? I can give this man order now ? commander denniston though I hate to say it ... yes . alan turing fantastic . ( to keith and Charles ) keith and Charles . you be both fire . keith furman Excuse I ? charle richard what ? alan turing you be mediocre linguist and positively poor codebreaker . hugh alexander Alan , you can not just fire keith and Charles . alan turing he just say I could . commander denniston ( furious ) I do no such thing . stewart meniie but churchill do . denniston look at Menzies , stewing , but Menzies back : '' what would you have I do ? '' charle richard ( to Alan ) go to hell . Charles and keith leave , piss . JOHN cairncross this be inhuman . even for you . on denniston : he look at Alan with a wither , glare . 33 . just shrug simmer on alan : he do not budge a inch , or feel the slight need to explain himself . as everyone stare at he , angry , the tension be brutal . stewart meniie ( to Alan ) ++. popular at school , be you ? int . bletchley park - hut 8 - minute later CUT to : Alan , Hugh , John and Peter walk back into Hut 8 after the meeting — resign , unhappily , to they fate . JOHN cairncross «+ . so what do we do now ? peter hilton we be short on staff . alan turing we get more staff . hugh alexander and how be you go to do that ? Alan take a paper from he desk and tack it up on the wall . 34 . on the paper : it 's a crossword puzzle . int . family home - morning - 1940 a man open up that morning 's Daily telegraph , and flipping through the paper , he see a advertisement . on the ad : it 's a crossword puzzle . below it , the ad copy say — '' if you can solve this puzzle in under ten minute please call sto - 6264 for a exciting career opportunity . '' int . other location - same time series of shot : other people — men , women , student , retiree — open up they papers and see Alan 's ad . they all try solving the puzzle . it 's really , really hard . int . family home - same time back in the first house , the man be try to complete the puzzle when — — the AIR raid siren go off . quickly , the man gather he family and they rush down into int . bomb shelter - continuous the man and he wife light candle in the safety of they underground bomb shelter . as bomb explode on the street above they , the man pass toy and game to he child , to keep they distract during the assault . he return to Alan 's crossword puzzle , try to solve it as just a few yard above he a city burnt to rubble . int . tube station - london - same time civilian run down into a old tube tunnel to get away from the bombing . Inside the tightly crowded station , some people read book , some play game , some lay on the train track to sleep as dust poof up from the shaking ground . 35 . normal life go on as the light flicker from the shelling above . by the dim flicker , we see other people try they hand at Alan 's puzzle . ext . mi-6 headquarters - london - day Alan bicycle through London , pass a group of gasmasked schoolchildren be lead calmly on a drill by they teacher . as a milkman cross a bombed out build to deliver he ware , Alan come to a stop beside a married couple who be digging through the rubble . the husband dig while the wife rest , sip tea as if she house be other than a war zone . while firemen tend to a nearby smolder mess , Alan lock up he bike and enter mi-6 headquarters . end sequence int . mi-6 headquarters - london - moment later Alan and Stewart Menzies talk in the hallway , outside a close door . stewart meniie who be they ? alan turing all sort , really . a school teacher . a engineer . a handful of student . stewart meniie and you think they be qualified for bletchley because they be good at crossword puzzle ? alan turing well , they say they be good . now we should probably find out . Alan lead Menzies into : int . CLASS room - continuous Alan and Stewart Menzies be in a MI - 6 conference room . it 's be set up like a class room : row of identical desk , at which sit a collection of crossword enthusiast . there be around 20 , all man . just then , 36 . alan turing ++. you will have six minute to complete the puzzle , at which point — a woman enter . everyone turn to look .. her name be joan clarke , 20 , a graduate student at Cambridge who 's try to get as far away from she preacher father as possible , story . and she 's about to become very important to this mi-6 agent pardon , ma’am , this room be restrict . joan clarke apology for my tardiness — bus catch a flat tire . alan turing ( irritate ) May I continue , please ? mi-6 agent ( to Joan ) you be not allow in here , ma’am . joan clarke I be only a few minute late . with the bombing there 's ten pothole to each road . mi-6 agent no , mar ’am , the secretary be to head upstairs . this room be for the candidate . alan turing May I please get on with this ? joan clarke I be a candidate . mi-6 agent for what position ? joan clarke the letter do not say , precisely . mi-6 agent yes , so , secretary be to head upstairs . 37 . joan clarke it say it be top secret . alan turing ( come over to they ) what be go on here ? joan clarke there be a crossword in the paper . I solve it . I get a letter say I be a candidate for some mysterious job . so here I be . my name be Joan Clarke . she hand the agent the letter . mi-6 agent miss , do you really solve this puzzle yourself ? joan clarke what make you think I could not have solve the puzzle myself ? I be quite — mi-6 agent — ma ’am I will have to ask you — alan turing — miss Clarke . I find tardiness unacceptable under any circumstance . now take a seat , so we may continue . Joan stare at Alan : thank you . joan clarke apology again for be late . as Joan sit , the agent turn to Menzies — who 's be silently observe Alan thus far — for support . Menzies shrug . the agent back down . Alan pass out new crossword puzzle . joan clarke ( cont 'd ) — pardon , but before we start , can you tell I a bit about this position I be qualifying for ? alan turing oh for God 's sake — no. 38 . joan clarke it 's just that I have a pretty decent job at the University , and I would rather not give it up for something less interesting . alan turing miss Clarke . you now have the distinct honor of have waste more of my time than any other person in this room . quiet . gentlemen . and lady . you have six minute . begin . shot : everyone frantically tries to finish the new puzzle . as they work : stewart meniie ( whisper to Alan ) six minute ? be that even possible ? alan turing no . it take I eight . but this test be not about crossword — it 's about how you approach solving a impossible problem . do you take the whole thing at once ? do you divide it into smaller — — suddenly , Joan sit up . she 's finish . early . alan turing ( cont ’d ) you have finish ? joan clarke yes . alan turing ( check watch ) ».. 5 minute , 34 second . joan clarke you say to do it in under 6 . on alan : the smartest man in the room be surprised for the first time in a very long time by someone who might be even smarter . stewart meniie ( to Alan ) seem like some people approach it by simply do the impossible . CUT to : 39 . int . CLASS room - minute later Minutes later , two people have survive the crossword test . Joan be one of they . stewart meniie congratulation , and my warmest welcome to his majesty 's service . if you speak a word of anything I be about to show you , you will be execute for High treason . you will lie to you friend , you family , everyone you meet about what it be you really do . joan clarke and what be it that we be really do ? alan turing we be go to break a unbreakable Nazi code and win the war . joan clarke well that do sound more interesting than my university job . CUT to : ext . sherborne school for boy - day - 1927 Young Alan and Christopher sit under a tree , the school in the distance . Alan be go through a crossword puzzle , Christopher be read a book . they leg be touch affectionately without either even know , like two people who be effortlessly comfortable with one another . young alan what 's that you be read ? Christopher show he : '' a guide to code and cypher . '' christopher it 's about cryptography . young alan what 's cryptography ? christopher it 's complicated . you would not understand . 40 . young alan I be only fourteen month young than you . do not treat I like a child . christopher cryptography be the science of code . young alan like secret message ? christopher not secret . that 's the brilliant part . message that anyone can see , but no one know what they mean , unless you have the key . young alan ( confuse ) how be that different from talk ? christopher talk ? young alan when people talk to each other they never say what they mean . they say something else . and you be suppose to just know what they mean . only , I never do . so how be that different ? christopher ( hand he the book ) Alan , I have a funny feel that you be go to be very good at this . ext . sherborne school for boy - dormitory - evening Christopher walk Young Alan back to he dormitory . they be happy after a long day together . christopher goodnight , Alan . Christopher touch Alan 's shoulder , and the two share a sweet moment . alan turing goodnight . 41 . Alan watch Christopher go ; he heart be bloom , in love . CUT to : int . manchester police station - day - 1951 a crowded police station . detective nock approach he boss , superintendant smith , as the latter walk through the station drop paper onto various desk and check the work of other police officer . nock hand superintendant Smith a manila envelope . superintendant smith what be this ? detective nock Alan turing 's classified military file . superintendant smith ( display the file ) it 's bloody empty . detective nock exactly . superintendant smith it 's a empty manila envelope . detective nock yes . superintendant smith well you have crack the case wide open then , have not you ? detective nock Alan turing 's war record be not just classified . they be non - existent . that mean someone get rid of they . erase they , burn they . superintendant smith and that person break into he house and steal ... nothing ? detective nock what if turing be not just a math professor ? 42 . superintendant smith you think maybe he also teach English light ? detective nock guy burgess and Donald maclean . superintendant smith the spy ? from the papers ? detective nock the Soviet spy . but first , they be professor , be not they ? newspaper say they become radicalize at Cambridge . then they join the Communist Party , take position in the foreign Office and leak information to stalin during the war . now , can you think of anyone else we know who be at Cambridge , then take up something murky and top secret when the war break out ? Smith give he a look . superintendant smith you think Alan turing might be a Soviet agent ? on nock 's face : it would explain a lot , would not it ? on superintendant smith : he 's consider ... detective nock something very serious be happen , right here under we nose . would not you like to find out what it be ? Smith think , and then hand the folder back to nock . superintendant smith no . I would not . I like my job . now as to yours : that lad have be cause a ruckus down by whitworth Park again . will you give they a talk to ? thank you . and with that , Smith leave . on nock : damn it . he walk back across the station to find sergeant staehl wait beside he desk . 43 . sergeant staehl well ? what have he say ? detective nock he say alright . let 's do it . let 's follow turing . you will take the first shift . turing will not have a secret leave by the time we be through with he . CUT to : int . bletchley park - hut 11 - day - 1941 close on : a giant , half -built machine . the size of a dining room table , but taller than it be wide , its gut be compose of spinning gear and a seemingly endless stream of long red wire . reveal : technician work on put the machine together , soldering the wire , while Alan fusses . alan turing careful ! damn it , will you — it 's not a toy . Alan try to protect he precious creation when he 's interrupt by : hugh alexander Alan ! you new minion have arrive . Alan turn to see : his new recruit , jack good . ++. but no joan. alan turing ( displease ) ... where 's miss Clarke ? CUT to : int . clarke house - london - day Joan return home from the market when she hear a familiar voice from the sit room . alan turing ( 0.s. ) — well it 's a very important radio factory you see . it 's not really — I mean along the spectrum of radio factory this one be particularly — Joan follow the voice to find : 44 , Alan sit across from she mother and father , argue . alan turing ( cont ’d ) ( see Joan ) hello . Joan make the sort of face any young woman would make if she find Alan turing sit to tea with she parent . CUT to : int . clarke house - london - minute later in the kitchen : Joan 's mother hand she a tea tray . the two share a look . as Joan 's mother and Father pretend to putter in the kitchen , listen in on the conversation in the next room , Joan take the tray to the live room , where she begin to serve tea . alan turing ++. why be not you at bletchley ? joan clarke ( " my parent can hear we '' ) so kind of you to visit , Mr. turing . be you trip pleasant ? alan turing Gather you thing and let 's go . joan clarke I be sorry . I be unable to accept you offer . alan turing and why not ? joan clarke as my father tell you , it be feel — well we feel — that such a position would hardly be appropriate . alan turing you earn a double - first in mathematics . joan clarke but sadly be not grant the opportunity to become a fellow . alan turing you belong at bletchley . on alan : on joan : on alan : 45 . joan clarke I be sorry , but for someone in my position to work - to live - amongst all of you man , so far from home it would be indecorous . alan turing what in the world do that even — joan clarke ( " I tell you they be listen ! '' ) — one lump or two ? be you fuck serious ? yes . I be fuck serious . he try to think of a solution alan turing ++ . we have a group of young woman who tend to we clerical task . assistant , translator . they live together in town . would that be a more suitable environment ? on joan 's parent : this sound more promise . on joan : on joan be joan clarke so I would be work amongst this woman ? alan turing ( " not actually '' ) yes . '' go on . '' alan turing ( cont ’d ) ++. wonderful lady , they even organize social event at St Martin 's church , down the road . the whole thing be really quite ... decorous . parent : that 's much better . joan clarke ( " good job . '' ) well . I will have to talk this over with my family . as Joan 's parent enter , we CUT to : 46 . ext . clarke house - moment later Joan walk Alan out of the front door , finally out of earshot from she parent for a few quick second . alan turing you will not have the proper clearance , so we will have to improvise a bit . joan clarke why be you help I ? alan turing there be only one thing that matter in this entire world , do you understand ? break enigma . joan clarke Mr. turing . why be you help I ? alan turing ++. sometimes it be the very people who no one imagine anything of who do the thing that no one can imagine . ext . bletchley park - day Joan and a few other wrens exit a bus that 's deposit they in front of the Park 's central mansion . look up at it , she see Alan walk across the way . he give she a small wave , which she return with a small wave back . int . bletchley park - hut 8 - night later in Hut 8 , the team ( with / of Alan ) — Hugh , John , Peter , and the new guy , Jack — work frantically into the night . the team use they perforated sheet to find linguistic pattern in the enigma message , everyone work as hard and as fast as they possibly can until — — suddenly a bell goe off . everyone stop they work , frustrated . angry , Hugh kick he desk . 47 . jack good ++. what just happen ? JOHN cairncross Midnight . all the work we do today be useless . but do not worry : we have a few hour before tomorrow 's message start pour in . and we start all over again . peter hilton from scratch . hugh alexander I be sick of this . sick . he make I waste four hour this morning be - wiring he plugboard matrix . Three hour yesterday on rotor position . JOHN cairncross do not go over there . hugh alexander no . if we job be not impossible before it bloody well be now . Hugh stand and head to the door — JOHN cairncross — Hugh , do not — — but Hugh be already go to CUT to : int . bletchley park - hut 11 - moment later Alan stand alone with he machine , tinkering , compare the assembly to he schematics . Hugh burst in — hugh alexander — damn you and damn you useless machine . alan turing ( not even look ) my machine be how we be go to win . hugh alexander this machine ? 48 . Hugh grab a glass from the table and smashes it against alan' machine . alan turing ( turn around , shocked ) stop . hugh alexander this be the bloody machine you be talk about ? he grab a wrench — — Alan move to protect Christopher , stand between Hugh and the machine — alan turing no no do not — — when the team enter behind Hugh — — grabbing he and holding he back . Alan stand between the team and he machine as Hugh steam . hugh alexander ++. you could help we . you could make this go faster . but you will not . peter hilton Hugh be right , Alan . there be actual soldier out there try to win a actual war — my brother , my cousin , all my friend , they be all make a difference , while we wile away we day produce nothing . because of you . hugh alexander because of you ... Hugh push towards Alan again — — but John hold he back . JOHN cairncross ( to Hugh , calming ) ... what 's the use ? alan turing my machine will work . Hugh stare Alan , then at John . hugh alexander +++. I be go to the pub . 49 , Hugh leave , and the team follows . alan turing «+ . it will work . on alan : alone . rattled from the violence . scare . and yet ... resolved . he make a fateful decision and run off to int . bletchley park - hut 8 - minute later Alan go back into Hut 8 , which be now empty . he go to a far storage cabinet , from which he remove a stack of enigma message . Alan fold the sheet , stuffing they into he coat pocket — — into he pant — — into he shoe — — etc . he run out , conceal enough top secret information on he body to have he hang for treason ten time over . ext . bletchley park - dirt path - minute later Alan walk he bicycle through the check point , show he id to the guard . ext . bletchley park - MAIN gate - continuous at the Gate , armed guard stop he as he pass , and as be protocol , Alan open up he briefcase for the man to see : nothing be inside . conceal the document in he coat / pants / shoe /etc. , Alan hop on he bike and head off to : ext . joan 's flat - later Alan bicycle to the outside of Joan 's new flat . the window be boarded up at night — city regulation , so that the Germans fly overhead can not see any light from the town . 50 . Alan chuck a SMALL rock at Joan 's board window — — then carefully sneak around in back of the house — — find a OPEN back window — — on the second floor . he climb a nearby fence , and jump from the fence to the window — — where Joan grab he and help he inside : int . joan 's flat - continuous it 's dark inside ... joan clarke ( whisper ) could you have make a bit more noise , Alan ? not sure you wake up my landlady . alan turing sorry . Joan turn on a SMALL lamp and then light some candle . joan clarke the best I can do . no male visitor after dark . she watch Alan remove papers from he pocket . joan clarke ( cont 'd ) what have you bring I ? Alan produce the enigma message from every available hide place on he person . joan clarke ( cont 'd ) ++. some man try flower , you know . alan turing ( pull papers from inside he shirt ) this be actual decrypt enigma message , direct from Nazi high command . joan clarke or chocolate . Girls like chocolate . 51 . Alan start placing the message down on a table , but there be not room , so he start laying they out on the floor . joan clarke ( cont 'd ) ( read a message ) '' 0600 hour . weather today be clear . rain in the evening . Heil Hitler . '' well , clearly that vital information be go to win we the war . alan turing it 's the relationship between the encrypt and decrypt message that interest I . be there a clue there that we can build into Christopher ? joan clarke who 's '' Christopher '' ? alan turing oh . he 's my machine . joan clarke you name he ? alan turing be that a bad name ? joan clarke nevermind ... ( look over the message ) be you try to build you universal Machine ? Alan look at she : how do you know what that be ? Joan smile . joan clarke ( cont 'd ) I read you paper at university . alan turing they be teach it already ? joan clarke oh God no , but I be precocious . you theorize a machine that can solve any problem . it do not just do one thing : it do everything . the machine be not only programmable , it 's re-programmable . on alan : she understand what he 's be write about . 52 . joan clarke ( cont 'd ) be that part of the idea behind you Christopher ? alan turing human being can compute large sum very quickly . even Hugh can do that . I want Christopher to be ... smarter . to make a calculation , and then to determine what to do next . like a person do . think of it : a electrical brain . a digital computer . joan clarke ( try out the word on she tongue ) a '' digital computer ? '' hmm . alan turing I will show you — — Alan turn , and knock over the candle ... which light the enigma message on FIRE . Alan and Joan scramble to put out the FIRE . they make a lot of noise in the process , though they do manage not to burn down Joan 's flat . alan turing ( cont ’d ) I be so sorry . they hear more noise from downstairs : '' Joan ?!? hello ?!? '' joan clarke my landlady . you need to leave . alan turing right . Alan move to the front door — joan clarke — no . the window . she 's come . alan turing ( stare at window ) really ? joan clarke go. 53 . Alan awkwardly climb out the window , try not to fall ... smash CUT to : ext . bletchley park - the next day reveal : Alan have be injure in he fall . ( climb be not he strong suit . ) Alan walk through the grounds into : int . bletchley park - hut 8 - continuous Alan enter Hut 8 to find he team watch silently as a bunch of military police rifle through he desk — — manhandling he papers , he machine part , make a mess . alan turing ( be : part of Christopher ) hey ! do not touch that ! the rmp train gun on he . military policeman do not move ! alan turing that 's my desk . commander denniston ( 0.s. ) thank goodness . be a pity if we be search the wrong one . Alan turn to find denniston direct the search . alan turing what be you do ? commander denniston there 's a spy at bletchley Park . JOHN cairncross the navy think one of we be a Soviet double - agent , Alan . alan turing why ? 54 . commander denniston we boy intercept this on its way to Moscow . look familiar ? denniston hand Alan a telegram — it 's a long string of letter , run down the entire page . alan turing ( look at the telegram ) . this be a beale cypher . it 's encrypt with a key phrase , from a book or a poem or ... ( be : the team ) which one of they do this ? as Alan stare at the team , they stare back at he . he glance at the rmp 's rifling through he desk . oh fuck . alan turing ( cont ’d ) I be not a double agent . commander denniston double agent be such bastard . isolate loner . no attachment to friend or family . arrogant . think they be smart enough to get away with anything . do you know anyone like that ? alan turing I know you do not like I ... but you do not think I could actually be a spy , do you ? on the team : they will not look he in the eye . military policeman ( to denniston ) nothing out of the ordinary , Sir . commander denniston well then . next time , you will make a mistake . and then , I do not even need to bother fire you — I can simply hang you for treason . denniston and he man leave . hugh alexander ( to Jack ) be not you glad you join up just in time ? 55 . int . bletchley park - hut 11 - minute later in the machine Hut next door , Alan touch he precious machine for comfort . whenever he feel lonely , misunderstand , isolate — he have he machine . there 's a knock on the door and ... ++. Joan enter . joan clarke I hear about what happen ... I have a idea of what might cheer you up . CUT to : int . bletchley park - Beer hut - later Alan and Joan sip from beer bottle in the '' beer hut '' — among the military commissary , it 's so name because , well , it 's the one that serve beer . they can be a bit more relaxed here than at Joan 's flat . they be surround by napkins full of mathematical equation , which they be study , debate , etc . joan clarke ++. so because no letter can be encode as itself , you have already a handful of setting that can be reject at the outset . if you — just then , Hugh , John , and Peter enter the beer Hut ... ++. Alan look up , see they . Joan notice . joan clarke ( cont 'd ) be that you team ? let 's say hello . alan turing no . joan clarke ( to the boy ) over here ! they see Joan ... 56 . alan turing I tell you not to do that . joan clarke correct . ++. Hugh , John and Peter approach . hugh alexander Alan . do not even know you drank . alan turing hello . joan clarke he do not , really , he just sort of sip at the foam . hugh alexander tell you a secret , miss ... joan clarke ++. Clarke . hugh alexander miss Clarke . joan clarke please . hugh alexander the foam 's my favorite part too . joan clarke well then , I 'il show you a trick . ( to bartender ) Alex ! we be in need of supplies . Joan hop behind the bar and the bartender help she to bottle of guinness . Hugh , Alan , John and Peter watch . hugh alexander Alan , be you ... on a date ? alan turing what ? no . of course not . hugh alexander mind if I have a crack ? alan turing I be not a Soviet spy . returning , 57 . hugh alexander do love a proper blonde . alan turing Hugh . I swear . I be not a spy . hugh alexander oh for God 's sake , Alan , of course you be not a spy . alan turing what ? hugh alexander denniston give I the beale cypher . and guess what ? I break it . '' ask and it shall be give you ; seek and ye shall find . '' Matthew 7:7 . that be the key . Far too simple for you . pity denniston disagree . Joan pour pint of guinness for the team . joan clarke do you ever notice that the bubbles in a pint of guinness travel downward , as oppose to upwards in any other beer ? ever wonder why ? it 's because the pint glass create drag on the bubbles along the side ; but the center bubbles be free to sprint upwards . then the rise current in the middle push down on the side bubbles and ... and voila : guinness . the official beer of mathematician . on the pint : Joan have etched pi symbol into the foam . hugh alexander be still my beat heart . come join we for a drink . alan turing she 's assist I with some calculation . hugh alexander Fine , Alan can come too . alan turing thank you . 58 . joan clarke Hugh be be sarcastic . hugh alexander he 's a lose cause , I promise . joan clarke we will be there in a moment . Joan smile at Hugh as he join John and Peter at a separate table . alan turing ++. he like you . joan clarke yes . alan turing you get he to like you . joan clarke yes . alan turing why ? joan clarke because I be a woman in a man 's job and I do not have the luxury of be a ass . ( beat ) Alan , it do not matter how smart you be . enigma be smarter . if you really want to beat it - if you really want to solve you puzzle — you be go to need all the help you can get . and they be not go to help you if they do not like you . Alan think . the next sentence be incredibly hard for he to say out loud . alan turing ».. how should I get they to like I ? CUT to : int . bletchley park - hut 8 - day Alan enter Hut 8 to find he team hard at work . he 's carry a bag of apple . 59 . hugh alexander ( see apple ) what be that ? alan turing apple . hugh alexander no . alan turing no , they really be ... I ... Joan tell I it have be nice to bring you all something . Alan take the apple bag around the room , hand each man a apple . they take they . it 's really awkward . JOHN cairncross thanks ? peter hilton I like apple . hugh alexander my best to miss Clarke . alan turing + . there be two fellow in the wood . and they run into a bear . the first fellow , he kneel down and start to pray . but the second one , he begin lace up he boot . the first one say , '' my friend , what be you do ? you can not outrun a bear . '' and the second one respond , '' I do not have to . I only have to outrun you . '' ba dum bum . awkward silence . alan turing ( cont ’d ) I will be with Christopher if anyone need I . Alan walk off to the adjacent Hut . CUT to : int . sherborne school for boy - day - 1927 Young Alan and Christopher be in math class . 60 . the teacher drone on as the student pretend to pay attention . Young Alan and Christopher pass note — — drop they by each other 's desk — -— and snap they up quickly . teacher Mr. turing ! pass note , be we ? alan turing no , Sir . the teacher come over , and grab the note from he hand . on the note : '' fdfh rg tu hsd pdxt pejnd qerdzx . '' it 's encrypt . teacher ( hold it up for everyone ) only Mr. turing would pass note write in gibberish . the other student laugh as the teacher drop the note in the trash . Alan be not bother by the laughter — he 's safe in he private world with Christopher . the bell ring . class be over . as everyone shuffle out : teacher ( cont 'd ) alright you lot , do not forget you calculus over break . have a pleasant holiday and we will resume you integral when you return . Alan wait ... and grab the note from the trash . ext . sherborne school for boy - cloister - minute later now alone , Alan decrypt the message . one at a time , the letter become intelligible . on the note : '' see you in two long week , dearest friend . '' on alan : Christopher call he he dearest friend . CUT to : 61. ext . bletchley park - outside hut 8 - day - 1941 Alan and Joan eat a picnic lunch in a wood area behind Hut 8 . Alan finish write a equation , then hand he notebook to Joan . she look at the equation , then instantly start crossing thing out and rewriting . Alan laugh . there be not many people who would cross out he work so brazenly . Joan see he laughter , look up : '' what have I do ? '' but before Alan can respond they both see : Hugh approach . Alan be nervous . but Hugh simply hand alan a sheet of paper . hugh alexander look at this . as Alan and Joan stare at schematics on the paper , Hugh swipe a sandwich from they picnic and begin to chew . hugh alexander ( cont ’d ) if you run the wire across the plugboard matrix diagonally , you will eliminate rotor position 500 time faster . alan turing ++. this be actually not a entirely terrible idea . joan clarke that 's Alan for '' thank you . '' alan turing ( look up ) that 's my sandwich . hugh alexander you do not like sandwich . and with that , Hugh take another bite , give Joan a wink , and walk off . int . bletchley park - hut 11 - day Alan and the team ( Hugh , John , Peter ) stand in a half - circle around the now - complete Christopher . 62. a electrical assistant feed fresh enigma message into one end of the machine . the man look at each other , feel the importance of the moment . JOHN cairncross ( to Alan ) you nervous ? Alan take a gulp and connect the final bit of electrical wiring ... ... and the very first '' digital computer '' in history come to life . on the machine : gear be spinning , current be racing through the wire . the clacking SOUND it make be unbelievably loud . peter hilton ( yell over the machine ) Christ !! what happen now ?! alan turing it should tell we the day 's enigma setting !! hugh alexander how long ?!? on alan : he 's not sure ... the team share a look : be this really go to work ? ext . bletchley park - dawn Dawn rise over bletchley Park . int . bletchley park - denniston 's office - morning Commander denniston receive a visit from the Electrical Assistant who would be help Alan in the previous scene . electrical assistant the gear just keep spin and spin . it 's endless . commander denniston and there 's no result in sight ? 63 . the Assistant nods . denniston smile : get he . int . bletchley park - hut 11 - early morning as the machine clack away , Alan be frantically go over he papers . he 's unshaven , wear yesterday 's clothes . he have not get a wink of sleep . on alan 's frantic pacing : why be not it work ? why ?! Alan rub he eye , exhaust , and as he do so he look out the window to see ... .».. Commander denniston walk towards the Machine Hut , accompany by a home office man and two rmp . Alan quickly run to the door and bolt it — — just as denniston and the man get to it from the outside . outside : denniston try the door . it will not open . commander denniston turing ! open the bloody door ! inside : alan turing no !!! outside : commander denniston open the door or we will break it down !! inside : alan turing I can not let you in !! I can not let you interfere !!! outside : denniston turn to the rmp : break it down . the rmp kick down the door — — and the man burst into the room as Alan fall back . 64 . commander denniston ( be : the horrible noise ) turn that thing off . a rmp walk over to Christopher — -— Alan try to stop he but they point gun at he — -— and so Alan watch in absolute horror as they turn off the machine . commander denniston ( cont 'd ) well then . it seem you great big expensive machine do not work . alan turing it do . commander denniston wonderful . so you have break enigma then ? alan turing it work ... it be just ... still work . commander denniston this be my associate from the Home Office . a hundred thousand pound be quite a lot of money . he 's here to see what you have to show for it . alan turing you will never understand the importance of what I have create here . Commander denniston exchange a look with the man : see what I mean ? commander denniston have you decrypt any german message ? a single one ? can you point to anything at all that you have achieve ? on alan : he can not . commander denniston ( cont 'd ) you funding be up , and we patience have expire . it be with such great pleasure that I finally get to say this : Alan turing , you be fire . 65 . on alan : what can he do ? this be it ... commander denniston ( cont 'd ) please escort Mr. turing from the premise . hugh alexander ( 0.s. ) no. everyone turn to see Hugh , John , and Peter at the door , wear fresh clothes . commander denniston pardon ? hugh alexander God help I ... if you fire Alan , you will have to fire I too . commander denniston what on earth be you say ? hugh alexander trust I , no one want to say this less than I do , but Alan 's right . his machine can work . at least it 's the best chance we have get . commander denniston you must be joke . JOHN cairncross if you fire they , you will have to fire I too . peter hilton and I . hugh alexander we be the best cryptographic mind in Britain . be you go to fire we all ? denniston look to the Home Office man , who nods : Hugh be right . hugh alexander ( cont ’d ) at least give we more time . six more month , and if the machine do not produce result we will go back to do thing the old way . commander denniston ++. one month . and then so help I God you be all go . 66 . denniston and he man leave . the team breathes a sigh of relief : they have be give a temporary reprieve . alan turing thank you . hugh alexander this machine better bloody work . CUT to : int . manchester police station - day - 1951 sergeant staehl walk eagerly through the police station . he come to a office mark '' superintendant smith '' , where he open the door to find int . manchester police station - smith 's office - continuous superintendant Smith and detective nock be in the middle of a genial conversation . the superintendant turn to staehl . superintendant smith can I help you ? sergeant staehl sir , I think I have get he . superintendant smith get who ? sergeant staehl turing . detective nock look at staehl — '' shhhh ! '' the superintendant look at nock — '' you do not ... '' sergeant staehl ( cont ’d ) I trail turing to a pub last night , where he meet a bloke . they exchange a envelope . so I follow the guy , pick he up , give he a good shake ... here , I 'il show you . 67 . superintendant smith ( to nock , angry ) you and I will discuss this later . ( to staehl ) sergeant . they follow staehl out to ... int . police station - interrogation room - moment later as nock and Smith stand outside the interrogation room , sergeant staehl point through the window in the door : Inside be arnold murray , 20 , nervous . sergeant staehl he 's a bloody poofter . he confess . staehl show nock and Smith a signed statement . detective nock what ? sergeant staehl the man admit it . Arnold Murray . bit of a hustler . hang around that pub , man pay he for a go . turing be one of the man who pay . only , Mr. Murray get the bright idea to rob turing 's house after , with a friend . that 's what turing be hide : he 's a poof , not a spy . detective nock no. superintendant smith this be good work , sergeant . quite good . detective nock no , it 's not . sergeant staehl what 's the matter ? we can charge a university professor with indecency . detective nock no. no . this be bloody rubbish . turing be up to something important , not get he jolly in some pub . 68 . superintendant smith he commit a crime . he break the law . and with a bloke , Christ , it 's bloody disgusting . detective nock I do not care if it 's disgusting . this be not the investigation I be conduct . superintendant smith clearly . ( to staehl ) bring he in . detective nock wait . let I interrogate he . superintendant smith you be ask I for a favour right now ? detective nock please . I know he . I know he 's hide something and I know I can get he to talk ... give I half a hour alone and then I swear to you I will spend the next month run errand on as many rubbish case as you like . superintendant smith ... Fine . now will someone get a warrant for the arrest of Alan turing ? CUT to : joan 's flat - day - 1941 Joan come home to she flat . she look sad as she put she key in the lock and open the door . she enter to find : hundred of mathematical paper be scatter all over her live room . she sigh . joan clarke Alan ? 69 . at the sound of she voice , Alan come out of the wash room , wiping the shave cream from he face . he 's move and talk a mile a minute . Joan sit alan turing Christopher be simply not move fast enough . joan clarke we should talk . down , sadly . alan turing ( totally oblivious ) even with the diagonal board he 's not eliminate setting as quickly as — joan clarke Alan , I be leave . alan turing you just walk in . joan clarke no. bletchley . alan turing what ? joan clarke it 's my parent ... I be twenty - five and I be unmarried and I be live alone ... and they want I home . alan turing that 's ridiculous . joan clarke that 's my parent . alan turing you can not leave . I will not let you . joan clarke '' T will miss you . '' that 's what a normal person might say in this situation . alan turing I do not care what 's normal . joan clarke '' I will write . '' that would work too . 70 . alan turing no . this be unacceptable . you be not leave and that be that . joan clarke what be I suppose to do , Alan ? I will not give up my parent . the world be burn to ash and they be my family and they want I home . alan turing you have the opportunity here to make some actual use of you life — joan clarke — and end up like you ? no thanks . I be sorry you be lonely . I be sorry no one like you . but enigma will not save you . can you decypher that , you fragile narcissist ? or do you need I to fetch you precious Christopher for help ? silence . Alan look like she just slap he across the face . which she basically do . joan clarke ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . alan turing I want you to stay because I like you . joan clarke I know . alan turing I like talk to you . joan clarke I like talk to you , too , Alan . alan turing what if you be not live alone ... if you have a husband ? joan clarke you have one in mind ? alan turing I do . 71 . joan clarke Hugh be terribly attractive , I will give you that , but he 's really not the marrying type . alan turing I be not refer to Hugh . joan clarke Peter ? he 's so quiet ... Alan stare at Joan . she stare back . joan clarke ( cont 'd ) ( get it ) oh dear Lord . alan turing this make sense . joan clarke do you just propose to I ? alan turing it 's the logical thing to do . joan clarke this be ridiculous . alan turing this be you parent . joan clarke ( try to process ) I can not believe this be happen . Alan fish a piece of electrical wire from he pocket ... alan turing Joan can ... wait , be you middle mame caroline or Catherine ? joan clarke Elizabeth . alan turing Joan Elizabeth Clarke , will you marry I ? wee and then fashion it into a ring . on joan be face : what 's she go to do ? smash CUT to : 72 . int . bletchley park - Beer hut - night a impromptu engagement party in the beer Hut that night : — a banner make from punch card read : '' congratulation ! '' — Music play as dancers twirl in the center of the Hut . — Joan laugh with she wren friend in one corner , while in another Alan drink beer with he team . on joan and the girl : she show off she makeshift wire engagement ring : joan' friend ( try she best ) «+ . it 's ... beautiful ? Joan laugh . she understand . joan clarke I know it 's not a ordinary ring .. she look over at Alan warmly . joan clarke ( cont 'd ) ++. but who ever love ordinary ? on alan and the boy : they be be all a bit drunk , telling dirty stories : hugh alexander ».. so she 's get it in she hand , right , and she look up at I and say , '' I be to put it in my mouth ? '' and I say , '' yes , you know . the french way . '' so she pop it in , close she lip around the thing ... and then she start hum the bloody marseillaise ! the man burst into laughter . except for Alan , who look a bit confuse . peter hilton ( to Alan ) what about you and Joan ? do she do it the french way ? Alan look away , uncomfortable . hugh alexander soon enough , you lucky bastard . just then , 73 . Joan come over and throw a affectionate arm around Alan . Hugh take joan clarke Care for a dance ? hugh alexander no no , you fiancé can dance with you anytime he like . now it 's my turn . Joan 's hand , and lead she across the room . they begin to dance , while Peter follow , dance with one of Joan 's friend . Alan and John be leave alone at the table . Alan look Alan look worried . JOHN cairncross what 's the matter ? alan turing ++». what if I do not fancy ... be with Joan in that way ? JOHN cairncross because you be a homosexual ? at he , surprised . JOHN cairncross ( cont 'd ) I suspect . you be not quite as much of a enigma as you think you be . or as much as enigma be . alan turing should I tell Joan ? I have have affair . with other man . JOHN cairncross you know , in my admittedly limited experience , woman tend to be a bit touchy about accidentally marrying homosexual . I think perhaps not spread this information around might be in you best interest . alan turing have child , a family ... I want that with she . I do . I just do not know if I can ... pretend ... 74 . JOHN cairncross you can not tell anyone , Alan . it 's illegal . and denniston be look for any excuse he can get to put you away . alan turing ++. I know . JOHN cairncross this have to stay a secret , or trust I , they will kill you for it . on alan : he know John be right . as Alan think , Joan come back over and offer he she hand . joan clarke come on , now it 's you turn . she lead he to the dance floor . as they start to dance , chastely , sweetly , we CUT to : int . sherborne school for boy - alan 's room - day - 1927 close on a letter : '' I love you '' be write on the paper . reveal : Young Alan sit in he dormitory room , encrypting he love letter to Christopher . slowly , letter by letter , Alan transform '' I love you '' into code ... hear a commotion , Alan look out the window : boy be be unload from a bus at the gate , drop off to begin the new spring term . Alan see they all , excited : Christopher be come back ! he stuff he encrypted letter in a envelope and run off to ext . sherborne school for boy - front gate - minute later Alan wait eagerly by the main gate as boy stream past — — joke , horsing around — — Alan wait patiently , look for Christopher 's face among the rowdy schoolboy — 75 . — until : they be all go . Christopher never show . Alan look at he undeliver note , then at the empty yard before he . where be Christopher ? confused , Young Alan finally give up ... + +. when he run into the pack of boy who beat he up earlier . boy # 1 well look . Mr. turing be all alone . Young Alan stand freeze as they come at he , and we CUT to : int . manchester police station - interrogation room - 1951 Alan turing sit alone in the interrogation room with he eye close . detective nock enter . detective nock Cup of tea ? alan turing ( eye close ) thanks , no . detective nock ++. Mr. turing , may I tell you a secret ? alan turing I be quite good with that . detective nock I be here to help you . suddenly , Alan open he eye . alan turing ( be : be in jail ) clearly . detective nock ( change tack ) can machine think ? 76 . alan turing you have read my publish work . detective nock what make you say that ? alan turing because I be sit in a police station , accuse of entreate a young man to touch my penis , and you be ask I whether machine can think . detective nock can they ? could machine ever think as human being do ? alan turing most people say no . detective nock you be not most people . alan turing the problem be that you be ask a stupid question . detective nock I be ? alan turing of course machine can not think '' as human being do . '' a machine be different from a human be ; hence , it would think differently . the interesting question be , just because something think differently from you , do that mean it 's not think ? we allow that human have such divergence from one another . you like strawberry . I hate ice-skate . you cry at sad film . I be allergic to pollen . what do it mean to have different taste — different preference — other than to say that we brain work differently ? that we think differently from one another ? and if we can say that about each another , why can not we say the same for brain make of copper and steel ? detective nock that 's ... this big paper you write ... what 's it call ? 77 . alan turing '' the Imitation game . '' detective nock right . that 's what it 's about ? alan turing ( think ) ++. would you like to play ? detective nock play ? alan turing the game . it 's a test , of sort . for determine whether something be a machine , or a human be . detective nock how do we play ? alan turing there 's a judge , and a subject . the judge ask question , and base on the subject 's answer , he determine : who be he speak with ? what be he speak with ? all you have to do be ask I a question . detective nock ++. what do you do during the war ? alan turing I work in a radio factory . detective nock what do you really do during the war ? Alan smile — detective nock be smarter than he look . alan turing + +. be you pay attention ? int . bletchley park - hut 11 - night - 1942 Alan and he team — Hugh , John , Peter — anxiously stand before Alan 's huge machine as it clack clack clack , ferociously loud . the gear be spin , current be flow through the wire , and the team stare at it , take turn compulsively check they watch . 78 . on alan : this be go to work . this have to work . suddenly ... ding . the chime announce the stroke of midnight . hugh alexander damn it ! everyone be piss , frustrated . Alan look as if he 's about to rip he own hair out : why will not this damned thing work ? as the machine clack on , oblivious , they all walk outside : ext . bletchley park - near hut 11 - continuous the team walk across bletchley together , move as one through the most highly secret war zone in the world . more security have be add throughout the park , include along the path from Hut 11 — armed guard check id , which the team hand over absentmindedly . JOHN cairncross we be soon out of time . we month ... peter hilton so that 's it then . we lose . hugh alexander it do not matter how much we improve on it , that machine will never be able to check 159 million million million possibility in time . alan turing it 's search ... it 's just ... it do not know what it 's search for ... if only we know what the message be go to say ... JOHN cairncross if we know what the message be go to say , we would not have to decrypt they at all . on alan : maybe it be always impossible after all . 79 . int . bletchley park - Beer hut - later it 's crowded in the beer hut , even this late at night . on one side of the room , Alan , Hugh , John , and Peter be drink . commiserate about they fate . on the other side , Joan be drink with she friend helen — a fellow wren . on joan and helen : helen who 's Alan 's friend ? joan clarke Hugh ? bit of a cad , actually . helen so my type then ? joan clarke here , I ’1ll introduce you . helen no ! Lord , engage for a fortnight and you have already forget how to do this ? he will come over . joan clarke be you sure ? helen yes . I smile at he fifteen minute ago and have not look at he since . on hugh , alan , JOHN , and peter : Hugh be look at the girl . hugh alexander ( be : helen ) who 's that , then ? alan turing helen ? Works with Joan in the wren 's hut . peter hilton you do have a point about the little hat . hugh alexander she want I to come over . 80. alan turing how can you possibly know that ? hugh alexander she smile at I awhile back and have not look again since . on joan and helen : helen ( cre : Hugh 's glance ) and ... get he . joan clarke be it odd that when I be single this game feel tedious , but now it seem just dreadfully fun ? on the boy : hugh alexander ( have : helen 's glance ) and ... brilliant . she 's in . Alan , introduce I . alan turing why I ? hugh alexander because there be nothing like a friend 's engagement to make a woman want to do something she will later regret with the fiancé 's better - look chum . Hugh drag Alan across the pub to helen and Joan . on JOHN and peter : JOHN cairncross half crown say Alan bollocksis this up entirely . peter hilton no bet . on hugh , alan , joan , and helen : hugh alexander ( to the lady ) Alan turing have a theory . joan clarke he have many . 81 . hugh alexander he believe that the regulation against man and woman work side - by -side be sound , because such proximity will necessarily lead to romance . alan turing no I do not — Hugh kick Alan , who shut up . Hugh look Joan pick hugh alexander — however , I disagree . helen you do ? hugh alexander I think that if I be work beside a woman all day long , I could manage to appreciate she ability and intellect without need to take she to bed . ( to helen ) pardon , have we meet ? helen I do not recall . but let 's assume we have not . at Alan for a introduction : Alan be silent . up the slack : joan clarke helen Stewart , Hugh Alexander . hugh alexander so who do you agree with ? Alan or myself ? helen well , Alan , of course . alan turing I be flatter , but this be not actually — now Joan kick Alan , who be still very confuse . hugh alexander — rubbish . 82. helen I work beside a man every day , and I can not help but have develop a bit of a crush on he . hugh alexander well who be this man , so I can kick he arse ? helen oh , it 's be chaste , you have no need to worry . we have never even meet . he 's a german . hugh alexander now I really want to kill he . alan turing how do you mean you work alongside a german ? helen each of we intercept message from a specific german radio tower . so we have a counterpart on the other side , who 's tip -tapping out the message . everybody type a touch differently ; you get to know the rhythm of you counterpart . it 's strangely intimate . I feel as if we know each other . pity he have a girlfriend ... but that 's why I disagree with you . I be in love with a co-worker , of sort , even if we have never meet . hugh alexander I will require another pint to tell you why you be wrong . helen let 's . helen and Hugh walk away to the bar ... joan clarke ( to Alan ) that 's what flirt look like . in case you be curious . but Alan be lose in think ... something be wrong ... alan turing ( scream ) helen !!! everyone in the room turn and stare at he . Joan wince . helen and Hugh come back over . helen yes , Alan ? alan turing why do you think you german counterpart have a girlfriend ? helen oh , it 's a stupid joke , do not worry about it . alan turing tell I . helen each one of he message begin with the same five letter . c-i - l-l - y. so I suspect cilly must be the name of he amore . alan turing that 's impossible . the Germans be instruct to choose five letter at random to start every message . helen well , this bloke do not . hugh alexander Love ’l1l make a man do strange thing , I suppose . anyhow — alan turing — in this case , love just lose the Germans the whole bloody war . Alan bolt out of the bar — — spilling Beer all over helen — — who cry out , and angrily run off — — leave Hugh and Joan stand there , confuse . they share a look : what 's get into Alan ? Joan quickly run off after Alan — — Hugh follow suit — 83 . 84 . — and John and Peter , see this across the room , take off after Hugh — ext . bletchley park - continuous - sequence everyone chase Alan across bletchley Park — — guard yell at Alan as he bypass security checkpoint — — Guards be scream at they , draw gun as he and Joan barrel into Hut 8 — — Hugh and John show they id to the Guards , yell back at they — — Hugh and John finally get rid of the guard and enter : int . bletchley park - hut 8 - continuous — Joan run into the Hut to find that Alan have grab a BOX of previously decrypted message — — Alan pour that message out all over the floor — joan clarke Alan ? — Hugh , John , and Peter enter as Alan spread the message out on the floor . ( just like he do in Joan 's flat ! ) alan turing what if Christopher do not have to search through all the setting ? what if he only have to search the one that produce the word we already know will be in the message ? hugh alexander repeated word ! predictable word ... — they all search the message with Alan — — Joan hold up a decrypt : it 's the same one she read earlier . joan clarke like this ? ( read aloud ) '' 0600 hour . weather today be clear . rain in the evening . Heil Hitler . '' 85 . alan turing yes ! that 's it ! ( look at message ) they send a weather report at 6am . every day . that mean there be three word we already know will be in the 6 be message . '' weather , '' obviously , and — hugh alexander '' Heil bloody Hitler . '' alan turing Heil bloody Hitler . Joan search through a pile , find : joan clarke here 's the 6 o'clock message from this morning . Joan hold the message as they all run out to : ext . bletchley park - hut 8 - continuous Alan run from Hut 8 to Hut 11 , the team chase behind he . int . bletchley park - hut 11 - continuous Alan , Joan , John , Peter and Hugh burst in — alan turing Hugh — the right hand letter-rings . set they to — hugh alexander — I know , I know . '' veter . '' '' Hitler . '' — Hugh turn the ring while — alan turing — Peter , John — run voltage from that ring through the back scrambler — — John and Peter go around back — JOHN cairncross — so we will use the loop ? 86 . alan turing — yes. Joan , what 's the last 6 be message ? Joan read aloud to Alan as he enter it in : joan clarke l-h-w-a-u-q-x-kk ... they all stand back as Alan turn on the machine . they watch the clack clack clack of Christopher as he process the message ... — they be nervous , fretting , anxiously await he calculation ... finally , Christopher stop . silence , as a series of rotors on the side of Christopher snap into place , display a set of letter . peter hilton what happen ? do it work ? Alan scribble down the letter ( " exbao ... '' ) and they all run back to — int . bletchley park - hut 8 - continuous where Alan take a dummy enigma machine , turn the machine 's rotor to the set he write down ( " exbao ... '' ) — alan turing give I a fresh message . the last one we intercept . Peter hand Alan one from a nearby folder — — Alan start type one of today 's gibberish encrypt message into enigma — — as John take down the decode german letter — — Hugh look at what John be write and translate the german into English — hugh alexander '' kms jaguar ... be auf punkt —- be direct - 53 degree , 24 minute north ... and auf punkt 1 degree west ... '' 87 . hugh alexander ( cont ’d ) alan turing '' , .. Heil Hitler . '' '' , .. Heil Hitler . '' Alan and Hugh look at each other : oh my god . alan turing turn out that 's the only german you need to know to break enigma . the team explode with joy . laughing , hooting , scream , jumping , hugging . this be the happiest moment of they life . John even start to tear up , and tries to hug alan — — who just stand there , limp . JOHN cairncross ( be : Alan ) not a hugger . probably could have guess that . ext . bletchley park - dawn Dawn rise over bletchley Park . int . bletchley park - hut 8 - dawn the team have be there work all through the night . there 's a flurry of activity : decode message , translate the decrypt , read the information contain within . Hugh step back for a moment to look at the product of they work : a big map on the wall . on the map : it 's the Atlantic Ocean . Blue pin represent the ally ship , red one represent the axis ship . hugh alexander you do it . ( turn to Alan ) bloody hell , you do it . you just defeat nazism with a crossword puzzle . what do it feel like to do the impossible ? on alan 's face : he 's not sure . something be bother he , but he can not figure out what . John step back from he work to join Hugh . 88 . JOHN cairncross there be five people in the world who know the position of every ship in the Atlantic . they be all in this room . now Joan join Hugh and John in see the full map for the first time . Hugh pick Hugh dial joan clarke oh my good God . hugh alexander I do not think even he have the power that we do right now . joan clarke ( get closer to map ) there 's go to be a attack on a british passenger convoy . there . JOHN cairncross you be right . that u- boat be only twenty or thirty minute away . joan clarke civilian . hundred of they . we can save they life . JOHN cairncross and knock out a whole german fleet in the process . hugh alexander I will call denniston . have he radio he admiral immediately . up the phone — alan turing ( figure something out ) no. joan clarke be there enough time to save they ? JOHN cairncross should be . if we can get a message to the passenger convoy , she can turn — 89 . alan turing ( louder ) no. no. hugh alexander ( into phone ) — Commander denniston 's office — alan turing no . hugh alexander ( into phone ) — this be urgent , top priority — alan turing no !!! Alan leap across the room and grab the phone from hugh . hugh alexander what the bloody hell ? Hugh try to grab the phone back — — but Alan pull away sharply . everyone stop . turns. look at Alan . hugh alexander ( cont ’d ) be you mad ? alan turing no. no . you can not call denniston . you can not tell he about the attack . joan clarke Alan , be you all right ? what 's go on ? JOHN cairncross we can have air support over the passenger convoy in ten minute . alan turing no. let the U -boat sink the convoy . JOHN cairncross look , this have be a big day , maybe you be go through a bit of shock — hugh alexander — there 's no time for this . 90 . Hugh try to grab the phone from Alan — = but Alan pull it away and smashes the phone against the ground . joan clarke Alan ! Hugh can not take it anymore — — he take a swing at alan — — who crumple at the blow on he jaw — — Hugh stare down at Alan , who 's bleed on the floor — — Hugh wind up for another punch — — when Joan catch he arm mid-sw — — surprise , Hugh instinctively swing at her — — smack Joan hard across the face . — he 's stunne by what he 's do as she respond by pushing he into a table — — and Hugh fall to the floor , next to Alan . Joan stand above they . joan clarke ( cont 'd ) ( to Hugh ) if you hurt he , you will just barely live to regret it . silence . just the sound of panting . JOHN cairncross everyone stop . please . calm down . peter hilton the attack be in minute . we do not have time to calm down . alan turing do you know why people like violence , Hugh ? because it feel good . ( wipe blood from he nose ) it would feel good to blow that U - boat out of the Atlantic . but sometimes we can not do what feel good . we have to do what 's logical . 91 . JOHN cairncross what 's logical ? alan turing the hardest time to lie be when the other person be expect to be lie to . joan clarke ( get it ) oh my God . JOHN cairncross what ? alan turing if they be wait for a lie , you can not just give they one . joan clarke oh my god. damn it . Alan 's right . peter hilton what ?!? alan turing what will the Germans think if we destroy that U -boat ? peter hilton nothing . they will be dead . JOHN cairncross ( get it ) no. no . you can not be right . peter hilton be I the only one who 's still not get this ? alan turing suddenly we convoy veer off course and a fleet of raf bomber magically descend on the location of a pack of U - boat ? what will the Germans think ? peter hilton Hugh ? hugh alexander the Germans will know we break enigma . joan clarke they will put a halt on radio communication by noon . ( more ) 92 . joan clarke ( cont 'd ) and they will have the design of enigma change by the weekend . alan turing two year of work . everything we have do here . it ’1ll all be for nothing . JOHN cairncross there be 500 people in that convoy . civilian . women. Children . we be about to let they die . alan turing we job be not to save one passenger convoy . it be to win the war . hugh alexander we job be to break enigma . alan turing done . now for the hard part : keep it a secret . forever . Peter look at the map ... peter hilton it 's the carlisle . they all look at he . joan clarke what ? peter hilton the convoy you be about to ... it 's ... the hms carlisle be one of the ship . alan turing so ? peter hilton we can not act on every piece of intelligence ? Fine . we will not . just this one . the Germans will not find we out if we stop one attack . joan clarke what 's get into you , Peter ? peter hilton ++. my brother . Phillip . he 's on the carlisle . gunnery ensign . 93. silence . fuck . alan turing I be sorry . peter hilton who the hell do you think you be ? this be my brother . my big brother . he be the only one — look , he be there after my mum — he 's my big brother , alright , and you have a few minute to call off he murder . alan turing it 's not my fault . Peter dive for Alan — — but John stop he . JOHN cairncross Alan be right . we can not . peter hilton and why the bloody hell not ? I be begging you . Alan . Joan . Hugh . John . please . I be begging you . just this once . just one time . the Germans will not get suspicious just because we stop one attack . it 's one time . no one will know . I be ask you . as you friend . if I mean anything to you . please . silence . this be the hardest thing anyone in this room have ever have to do . alan turing I be so sorry . peter hilton you be not God , Alan . you do not get to decide who life and who die . alan turing yes , we do . peter hilton why ? why ? alan turing because no one else can . 94 . int . train - day Alan and Joan ride the train from bletchley into London . they know what they have to do . ext . train station - day Alan and Joan exit the train and walk down the platform . int . tea shop - london - day in a quiet tea shop , Alan , Joan , and Stewart Menzies sip they twinings . outside the glass window , nurse help wounded soldier out of a ambulance and into a local hospital . stewart meniie why be you tell I this ? alan turing we need you help to keep this from the admiralty . Army . raf . no one can know we break enigma , not even denniston . stewart meniie who be in the process of have you fire . joan clarke you will take care of that . alan turing while we develop a system for determine how much intelligence to act on . which attack to stop , which to let through . statistical analysis . the minimum number of action it will take to win the war , but the maximum number we be able to take before the Germans get suspicious . stewart meniie you be go to trust this all to statistic ? to math ? alan turing correct . joan clarke and then MI - 6 can come up with the lie we will tell everyone else . 95 . alan turing we will require a believable alternate source for each piece of information we use . joan clarke a false story that exlain how we get that information , that have nothing to do with enigma . and then you will need to leak that storey to the Germans . alan turing and the rest of we military . joan clarke can you do that ? stewart meniie maintain a conspiracy of lie through the high level of we government ? yes , that sound right up my alley . on alan and joan : okay . let 's do it . stewart meniie ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) Alan , I so rarely have cause to say this . but you be exactly the man I always hope you would be . int . train - day Alan and Joan ride the train back to bletchley . she reach out and put she hand in he . they be in this so deep now ... but at least they be in it together . ext . bletchley park - lawns - sequence at 6 be , dawn be threaten to break across the Park . alan turing ( v.o . ) they codename it '' ultra . '' int . bletchley park - wren 's hut - sequence but in the wren 's hut , the woman eagerly await the come of the day 's first message — 96 . — and a sudden beep beep beep announce that they have . the wrens quickly take down the first message — alan turing ( v.0o . ) and it quickly become the large store of military intelligence in the history of the world . a wren remove the first few dozen from a pile — — and hand it over to another wren — int . bletchley park - hut 11 - sequence — in Hut 11 , the wren give the day 's first message to Hugh , who enter they into Christopher — alan turing ( v.0o . ) it be like have a tap on himmler 's intercom . — Christopher hum — — and Hugh , after a few minute , read the day 's enigma setting on the machine 's read - out : '' fsoqr '' int . bletchley park - hut 8 - day Jack turn he enigma machine to the day 's set — '' fsoqr '' — and one by one type in the newly intercept message , recording the now decrypt result in a booklet . on the cover , the booklet be mark : '' ultra . '' alan turing ( v.0o . ) secrecy become the primary concern . and for some reason they trust I . Alan organize stack of similar ultra booklet when he have trouble find one of they — he look up to see Peter walk nearby . alan turing Peter , do you have the 9:30 decrypt — but instead of answer , Peter bump hard against Alan 's shoulder , scatter Alan 's papers to the floor . Jack look over . Peter keep on walk . no one help Alan as he bend down to clean up he papers . Peter leave Hut 8 without speak a single word . 97 . on alan : he 's kneel down in front of John 's messy desk , pick up papers from the floor , when he eye come level with something on the desk ... it 's a book . buried underneath cryptographic paper . Alan stare at it strangely . something about its shape and colour look familiar ... he uncover it ... if 's a bible . Holy shit . there 's a page dog-eare . Alan open to the page — it 's Matthew 7:7 . '' seek and ye shall find ... '' on alan : JOHN cairncross be the soviet spy . suddenly : JOHN cairncross ( 0.s. ) Peter will come around eventually . Alan turn and stand — there 's John , right behind he . on JOHN : he see something on Alan 's face . something be wrong . he look down at the desk ... and sees the uncover bible . what 's John go to do ? Alan be terrify ... JOHN cairncross ( cont 'd ) Jack , could you give Alan and I a moment ? across the room , Jack look over . whatever be go on between Alan and John , he want no part of it . Jack leave . Alan be now alone with John , the Soviet spy . JOHN cairncross ( cont 'd ) the Soviets and we , we be all on the same side . what I be do will help Britain . alan turing I 'il tell denniston . JOHN cairncross no you will not . because if you tell he my secret , I 'il tell he yours . 98 . on alan : oh God , John be the one person he trust . JOHN cairncross ( cont 'd ) do you know what they do to homosexual ? you will never be able to work again . never be able to teach . you precious machine — doubt you will ever see he again . on alan : look down . he 's beat . he put a understanding hand on Alan 's shoulder . JOHN cairncross ( cont 'd ) until the history book be ready to call you a hero , sometimes you have to play the villain . and with that , John take he bible and leave . on alan : what 's he go to do ? int . bletchley park - central mansion - day Alan borrow a phone in the central mansion . alan turing ( into phone ) I need to speak to Menzies ... but frustrated by the response he hear , Alan hang up . int . bletchley park - joan 's flat - day Alan burst into Joan 's flat to tell she what he 's find . alan turing Joan ! Joan ! be you there ? it 's dark . he flick on the light ... reveal : the room have be ransacke . clothes , book , papers scattered everywhere . alan turing ( cont ’d ) — Joan ?!? he quickly move through the flat : what happen here ? alan turing ( cont ’d ) Joan , be you okay ? where be you ? 99 . run to the back bedroom , where he find ... ... Stewart Menzies . calmly look over some papers . alan turing ( cont ’d ) where 's Joan ? stewart meniie military prison . alan turing what have you do ? stewart meniie ( hold up papers ) decode enigma intercept . a stack of they under she nightstand . on alan : fuck . alan turing I give that to she . a year ago . when she be with the clerk I be — stewart meniie — yes yes yes , I be sure . but denniston have be look for a Soviet spy , and he 's be look for one inside Hut 8 . alan turing I know who the Soviet agent be . it 's not Joan . Menzies look at Alan : who be it if not she ? alan turing ( cont ’d ) ++. I find the bible ... the spy be John cairncross . Menzies smile . as if he 's impressed . stewart meniie + ++ God , how I wish you have be the spy . you be so much better at this than he be . alan turing you know cairncross be the spy ? stewart meniie well of course cairncross be the bloody spy . ( more ) 100 . stewart meniie ( cont 'd ) I have know that since before he get to bletchley . why do you think I have he place here ? quick CUT to : int . bletchley park - hut 8 - day - flashback flash to the first scene where Alan meet he new team after arrive at bletchley . Commander denniston explain how enigma work , while Menzies stand in the corner , observe . Menzies keep a special eye on cairncross as Alan and Hugh compete over who know more about cryptography . stewart meniie ( v.o. ) you say yourself he be a piss - poor mathematician . CUT back to : int . bletchley park - joan 's flat - continued alan turing you place a Soviet agent at bletchley ? stewart meniie it 's quite useful to be able to leak whatever we like to stalin . quick CUT to : ext . bletchley park - MAIN gate - dusk - flashback a year earlier , John cairncross exit the Main Gate of bletchley carry a suitcase — stewart meniie ( v.o. ) churchill be too damned paranoid . he will not share a shred of intelligence with the Soviets . CUT to : ext . bletchley village - STREET - night - flashback cairncross walk through the village with the suitcase — 101 . stewart meniie ( v.o. ) even information that will help they against the Germans . so much secrecy ... CUT to : ext . bletchley village - STREET - night - flashback cairncross come to a mailbox , where under cover of night he open he case — — removing a folder of copied enigma intercept — — which he then place in the mailbox . stewart meniie ( v.o . ) cairncross have no idea we know , of course . really not the brightest bulb . cairncross walk away into the night . after he leave , two mi-6 agent come and unlock the mailbox — — removing he folder — — the Agents take some message out , and put other new one back in — — before re-sealing the folder and put it back in the mailbox — — and re-locking the mailbox lid . CUT back to : int . bletchley park - joan 's flat - continued stewart meniie that 's why I will need you help now to work out what to leak to John . what to feed the Soviets , as well as the british . on alan : fluster . terrify . alan turing I be not a spy . I be just a mathematician . 102 . stewart meniie I know a lot of spy , Alan . you be hold on to more secret than the best of they . Menzies hold up the steal decrypt . the threat be palpable . alan turing you must promise to get Joan out of prison . stewart meniie she 's at the market . she will be back in a hour . I lie . ( put the decrypt into he pocket ) I would better hold on to this . if anyone find out about they , prison will be the least of she worry . on alan : what choice do he have ? he look down . stewart meniie ( cont 'd ) oh Alan . we be go to have such a wonderful war together . ext . bletchley park - pathway near hut 8 - day Joan walk towards Hut 8 , show she id to the new guard who be closely monitoring entry to the hut . in front of Hut 8 , Alan watch she . steeling himself up for what he have to do . as she approach , she see Alan wait for she . she smile at he , but he do not return it . something be wrong . ext . bletchley park - behind hut 8 - moment later Alan and Joan talk behind Hut 8 . alan turing I need you to leave bletchley . joan clarke ( annoyed ) what ? alan turing Menzies . I do not trust ... on alan : he want to tell she , but he can not . it 's too dangerous . 103 . alan turing ( cont ’d ) I do not think it 's safe here . joan clarke you think it 's safe somewhere else ? alan turing you need to leave , and you need to get very far away from I . joan clarke Alan . what 's happen ? on alan : this be not work . he 's go to have to try a different approach . alan turing we can not be engage anymore . you parent will have to take you back and find you a husband elsewhere . joan clarke what be wrong with you ? alan turing ».. there 's something I have to tell you . I be ... I be a homosexual . joan clarke alright . on alan : what ? alan turing Men , Joan . not woman . joan clarke so what ? alan turing I just say — joan clarke — so what ? I have my suspicion . I always do . but we be not like other people . we love each other in we own way , and we can still live the life together that we want . you will not be the perfect husband ? I can promise you I harbour no intention of be the perfect wife . I will not be fix you lamb all day await you return from the office , will I ? I x11 work . ( more ) 104 . joan clarke ( cont 'd ) you will work . we will have each other 's company . we will have each other 's mind . sound like a better Marriage than most . because I care for you . and you care for I . and we understand one another more than anyone else ever have . on alan : he need to get rid of she , to save she , and she be make this impossible . alan turing I do not . joan clarke what ? alan turing Care for you . I never do . I only need you to break enigma . and now I have do it , so you can leave . she slap he . joan clarke I be not go anywhere . I have spend entirely too much of my life worried about what you think of I , or what my parent think of I , or what the boy in Hut 8 or the girl in Hut 3 think , and you know I be do with it . this work be the most important thing I will ever do in my life . and no one will stop I . least of all you . Joan turn to walk away , and then , angry , she turn back . she toss her wire engagement ring at alan . joan clarke ( cont 'd ) they be right . john. Hugh . Peter . you really be a monster . Alan watch she walk away , struggle to maintain he facade of icy indifference . CUT to : int . sherborne school for boy - headmaster 's office - 1927 Young Alan enter the headmaster 's office . 105 . young alan you want to see I , Sir ? headmaster turing . sit down . young alan be something the matter ? headmaster you and Christopher morcom be quite close . young alan I would not say that . headmaster you mathematics teacher say you two be positively inseparable . young alan we be the best student in the class . headmaster he catch you pass note the other day . young alan cryptography . to pass the time . the class be too simple . headmaster you and you friend solve math problem during math class because math class be too dull ? young alan he 's not my friend . headmaster I have be tell he 's you only friend . young alan who say that ? headmaster something have come up . about morcom . young alan why be I here ? headmaster Christopher be dead . on alan be 106 . young alan «+ . I do not understand . headmaster his mother send word this morning . the family be on holiday , you see . young alan I do not understand . headmaster he have bovine tuberculosis , as I be sure he tell you . this must not be a shock , but all the same , I be sorry . young alan you be mistaken . headmaster do he not tell you ? he 's be sick for a long time . knew this be come soon , but he have a stiff upper lip about it . good lad . face : Christopher never tell he . headmaster ( cont ’d ) be you all right , turing ? young alan yes . of course . as I say , I do not know he well . headmaster ah . very well then . young alan May I leave , headmaster ? headmaster of course . oh , but turing ? young alan yes , Sir ? headmaster do pay more attention in math class , will you ? CUT to : int . bletchley park - hut 8 - 1943 -5 - sequence Alan , Joan , John , Hugh , and Peter decrypt message together for another two exhaust year . 107 . alan turing ( v.o. ) the war drag on for another two solitary year . Alan spend two year press shoulder - to- shoulder with the woman whose heart he break . with the man whose dark secret he uncover . with the man whose brother he allow to die . alan turing ( v.o. ) every day we perform we blood - soak calculus . every day we decide who live and who die . and every day we guide the ally army to victory without anyone know . ext . mediterranean sea - sicily ( archive footage ) - day intercut with archival footage : the frontline battle whose outcome , good and bad , be determine by the work of Hut 8 . the mediterranean fleet be ravaged outside Sicily ... 6,000 ship launch for the surprise attack on normandy ... alan turing ( v.o. ) stalingrad ? the ardenne ? normandy ? none of that victory would have be possible without the intelligence we produce . int . bletchley park - hut 8 - day in hut 8 : Peter and Hugh each decrypt a message , place two blue pin on the board , and then one red . they look to Alan : two british ship , and they can only save one of they . Alan run a statistical analysis of they option . we see key word : '' likelihood of detection , '' '' casualtie , '' '' material loss '' intersperse with mathematical equation . Alan place he result into a GREEN folder . a messenger come in and take the folder to — int . mi-6 - war room - day a mi-6 war room : the Messenger deliver the Green folder to Menzies and a team of mi-6 agent . they look over Alan 's analysis and decide what military action to take . the Agents telephone churchill 's office in London . 108 . ext . NORTH of algier ( archive footage ) - day archival footage : we see the impact of Hut 8 's work as a dozen british ship be blown out of the ocean just north of algier , sacrifice for the great good in operation torch . ext . bletchley park - hut 8 - day back in hut 8 : the team learn of the outcome as they decode more german message . Peter take the blue pin down from the map , toss it angrily in the trash . he look at Alan , who look away — another ship they could not save . ext . bletchley village / environ - night outside bletchley village : Alan run at night on a dirt path along the outskirt of bletchley . he run for mile , sweat , panting , until he leg almost give way . alan turing ( v.o. ) people talk about the war as this epic battle between civilization . good versus evil , liberty versus tyranny . army of million bleed into the mud , fleet of ship that weigh down the ocean , pack of airplane that drop bomb until they blott out the sun itself . but it be not . int . bletchley park - hut 8 - night quiet moment in hut 8 : Hugh lay a fold - up coat under a sleep Peter 's head as a pillow . John make tea for Joan . alan turing ( v.o. ) the war be really just a half - dozen crossword enthusiast in a tiny village in the south of England . ext . whitehall ( archive footage ) - day archival footage : on v-e Day , churchill speak to million from a balcony in whitehall . Truman dedicate the victory to Roosevelt as Times Square erupt into drunken cheer . the whole world kiss . the whole world cry . alan turing ( v.o. ) be I God ? no. because God do not win the war . I do . 109 . ext . bletchley park - day - 1945 all of bletchley Park be celebrate the end of the war . flag be be wave , people be dance , cheer . but inside the central mansion : int . bletchley park - central mansion - continuous Alan and he team be assemble before Stewart Menzies . hugh alexander ++. what happen now ? back to the university for we ? stewart meniie yes . you have only one thing leave to do before you service to you government be conclude . JOHN cairncross what 's that ? stewart meniie burn everything . hugh alexander what ? stewart meniie we tell you when you start that this be a top secret program . do you think we be joke ? hugh alexander but the war be over . alan turing this war be over . but there will be more . and we know how to break a code that everyone else think be unbreakable . stewart meniie ( with a smile at Alan ) alright . tear it down , light it up , sweep away the ash . none of you have ever meet before . none of you have ever even hear the word enigma . have a safe trip home . ( more ) 110 . stewart meniie ( cont 'd ) behave , and with a bit of luck none of you will ever see I — or one another — again in you life . CUT to : int . manchester police station - interrogation room - 1951 Alan turing finish tell he story to detective nock . detective nock that 's ... unbelievable . alan turing that 's the Imitation game . detective nock I do not know what to do now . alan turing now , detective , you get to judge . that 's how the game work . I answer you question . you know my story . that 's the point of the game . we be all pretend to be something . imitating something . someone . and we be no more , and no less , than what we can convince other people that we be . so tell I : what be I ? be I a person ? be I a machine ? be I a war hero ? be I a criminal ? detective nock I can not judge you . alan turing well then you be no help to I at all . on alan : turn away . he 's do with nock . CUT to : int . police station - manchester - day - 6 month later a plainclothes officer walk through the police station , carry a newspaper under he arm . he make he way to — — detective nock 's desk . 111. plainclothes officer congratulation , sir. the Officer drop the newspaper in front of nock . the headline read : '' cambridge professor sentenced for indecency '' , above a photo of Alan . on nock : this should make he happy . but instead he feel only empty and sick . int . alan turing 's house - day we find Alan in he study . he 's gain weight since last we see he — he 's grow paler as well . haggard . and the place be a horrible mess . he compare he half - build new machine to the plan on he desk — he work progress . slowly . ( this be the machine we see in the open scene , which appear different but related to the bletchley machine — like a new model of the same basic concept . ) the doorbell ring . Alan ignore it , focus on he work . it ring again . irritate , he get up and shuffles through he house — — he 's walk with a odd limp , like it 's hard for he to move he leg normally — — and as the bell keep ringing insistently he reach the front door , open it to find : joan clarke I have to find out from the bloody newspaper . CUT to : int . alan turing 's house - sitting room - moment later Joan take a seat while Alan fuss , embarrassed at the state of the place and try to clean up for she . joan clarke ++. you never respond to my letter . ( silence from Alan ) I would have come . I would have testify . Alan try '' +. which he be . 112 . alan turing and what would you have say ? that I be not a homosexual ? joan clarke I would have say something . this be serious . they could send you to jail - to move a glass of water ... he drop , shatter it . alan turing damn it ... joan clarke you hand ... you be twitching . alan turing no I be not . joan clarke Alan . alan turing '' ++ . it 's the medication . joan clarke the medication ? alan turing I have to go in for weekly oestrogen treatment . at the hospital . joan clarke what be you talk about ? alan turing the judge give I a choice . prison . or '' hormonal therapy . '' joan clarke oh my god . oh my god . that 's — alan turing — Chemical castration . yes . to cure my homosexual predilection . of course I choose that . I would not be able to work from prison . Joan be horrified . 113. alan turing ( cont ’d ) well how would I even have get part in jail ? it just make no sense . joan clarke all right . this be what we be go to do . I be go to speak to you doctor . I be go to speak to you lawyer . we be go to find a way out of this . alan turing no . joan clarke you be not think clearly . there be a million chemical flow through you brain . this treatment — alan turing — I be fine . joan clarke please let I help you . alan turing I do not need you help . joan clarke you do not have to do this all alone . alan turing alone ? I be not alone . I never have be . he look lovingly at he machine — at Christopher . alan turing ( cont ’d ) . Christopher have get so smart . if I stop the treatment , they 's 1l take he away from I . you can not let they do that . you can not . do not let they leave I alone . Joan look at Alan . and at Christopher . his true love . look at he machine , Alan start to have a small panic attack — he 's get more emotional , twitching more , get teary — the hormone be flow through he . joan clarke ( cre : Alan 's freak out ) here , it 's alright . it 's alright . sit down . 114 . she sit he in a chair , try to contain he hyperventilate . Alan , embarrassed at this uncontrollable display , try to play it off , but of course he can not stop it . with she hand on he shoulder , he notice she wedding ring . alan turing ( try to seem normal ) . it 's a much nicer ring than the one I get you . joan clarke his name be jock . we work together in eastcote . he 's get I into coin collect . can you believe it ? Joan look around the room for a tea cup , a glass of water , anything that be not mouldy she can have he sip from . she see the newspaper she bring in , grab it . joan clarke ( cont 'd ) do you want to do a crossword ? for old time 's sake . it will only take five minute . or in you case , six . she try to get he to smile at she joke . Joan open the paper to a puzzle . Alan look down at it . his finger twitch . he stare at the puzzle , confuse . he do not know how to do it . Alan move he hand away from the puzzle . alan turing perhaps later . the treatment have wreck he brain so badly that he can not do crossword puzzle anymore . Joan watch and she heart utterly break . on joan : he 's go forever . and she know it . Alan see she sadness . he 's embarrassed , angry , bitter . alan turing ( cont ’d ) +... at least it work out for one of we . ( more ) 115 . alan turing ( cont ’d ) you get what you want , do not you ? work . a husband . a normal life . she look at he quietly for a moment . joan clarke but no one normal could have do this . ( gesture to Christopher ) this morning I take a train through a city that would not exist if it be not for you . I buy a ticket from a man who would likely be dead if it be not for you . I read up on my work , a whole field of scientific inquiry that only exist because of you . if you wish you could have be ' normal 's , I can promise you , I do not . the world be a infinitely better place precisely because you be not . alan turing be that what you think ? joan clarke I think that sometimes it be the very people who no one imagine anything of who do the thing that no one can imagine . CUT to : ext . sherborne school for boy - day - 1927 Young Alan sit under the tree where Christopher first teach he about cryptography . he 's hold the book that Christopher give he . he start to cry . he 's alone now , and he will be for a very long time . CUT to : int . alan turing 's house - day - 1954 Alan sit at he desk , go over papers . he close a book . get up . walk past Christopher , give he a look . he turn off the light , walk away down the dim hallway . 116 . ext . alan turing 's house - day - 1954 a familiar scene : a half -dozen police officer swarm the Manchester home of ( former ) mathematics professor Alan turing . detective nock pass the double - park police car and ascend the front step of Alan 's house . remember the first time he be here . int . alan turing 's house - continuous a constable lead detective nock upstairs , gesture into the open bedroom door . in the doorway , we see a team of cop tend to something on the bed . there 's a apple on the nightstand . constable suicide , look like . half - eat apple next to the bed . some sort of white powder all over it . detective nock cyanide . ( off the constable 's look ) you will find a tub of it downstairs . the constable make a curious face : how can you know that ? nock approach the bed , and stare into the lifeless face of Alan turing . on nock : Alan turing make the world a better place ... and nock kill he for it . CUT to : ext . bletchley park - night - 1945 Alan , Joan , Hugh , John , and Peter stand before the massive bonfire that 's be build in the center of the Park . title : Alan turing commit suicide in 1954 . title : his machine be never perfect , though it generate a whole field of research into what become nickname '' turing machine . '' today , we call they '' computer . '' Hugh come over and put one arm around Alan , another around Joan . they have a moment : they do it . they win the war . John throw a stack of enigma message high into the air — 117 . — they watch as the papers flutter down into the fire . they laugh , and one by one they all join in : they frolic and play as they throw every document , every slip of scratch paper , every bit of evidence they be there into the fire . title : in 1990 , John cairncross publicly confess to have be a Soviet agent . he be never prosecute . title : in 2013 , turing be grant a official pardon by the government . approximately 49,000 other gay man be convict and punish under the same code between 1885 and 1967 . title : the logo of Apple Computer - a apple with a bite take out of it - have long be rumor to be a silent tribute to turing . this rumor have never be confirm . alan turing ( v.o. ) well then . on alan and the team : hugging and play as everything they do be burnt to a crisp . alan turing ( v.o. ) any question ? black .