for you consideration ob en rarr wt gun written by david lowery base on the new yorker article by david grann fox searchlight fsp3907 c2 5.25 '' W x 8.25 '' h op man & the gun written by david lowery base on the new yorker article by david grann old man and the gun adapted by David lowery from the story by David grann buff revised page 5.8.17 goldenrod revised page 4.30.17 GREEN revised page 4.17.17 yellow revised page 4.4.17 pink revised page 3.24.17 blue shoot script 3.10.17 white shoot script 2.19.17 against black this story , also , be mostly true . ext . highway - day 1 High noon . a handsome , well - love , well - use car be break down on the side of the interstate , just outside of downtown Dallas . a woman name jewel , late 5as / early 60 , stand beside it , kicking it in frustration . she 's get a loose blouse on , and wear jeans , and about a billion bangle on she right wrist . she touch the hood , but it 's a little too hot . a second try and she get it open and be meet with a cloud of white steam . she look around , somewhat helplessly . there be not that many car on the road . that that be out zoom pass without seem to notice she . but one car pass and swerve over to the shoulder about fifty foot in front of she . it 's a old chevy cutlass . the door open , and a man get out . his name be forrest tucker . he 's wear a blue suit and as he get out of the car he put a match hat atop he head . he look quite strike and dapper , there on the side of the road . he walk towards she . she watch he , a bit suspicious at first . when he 's close enough , he shout ... forrest need some help ? jewel maybe . they both look at the steam come from under the hood . clearly bit more than a maybe situation . forrest lemme take a look ... she give he a ' all yours 's gesture . he walk up to the engine and peer in , wave away the vapor . jewel ... damn thing just start choke up about a mile back . ( more ) yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) jewel ( cont 'd ) I be gonna try to make it to the next exit but ... he look for a long time . Long enough for a burst of radiator steam to escape the engine . jewel finally ask : jewel ( cont 'd ) so what , you think it 's the radiator ? forrest could be . jewel be it shot ? forrest would not be surprised . jewel do you know anything about car ? forrest eh , not really . another belch of steam as we cut to ... int . / ext . forrest 's car - moment later they be drive now , in forrest 's car . jewel sit in the passenger seat . forrest keep steal glance at she . forrest where be you head ? jewel nowhere , really . forrest just drive . jewel just drive . she glance into he back seat . see a briefcase there , inconspicuously tuck into the corner . forrest that be a nice truck . jewel yeah , you think so ? Blue Rev. ( 3/10/17 ) 3. forrest yep . jewel I too . ( beat ) I steal it . forrest do you ? she let he hang a beat before ... jewel no . it be my husband 's car . forrest ah . ( beat ) where 's he at ? jewel well . he 's dead , so ... that 's where he 's at . forrest gotcha . another long beat . a unexpectedly comfortable silence . forrest ( cont 'd ) can I ask you name ? jewel ( after a beat ) jewel . forrest you name 's jewel ? jewel yep . forrest that 's really you name ? jewel ? jewel you do not believe I ? forrest no , I believe you . it just suit you be all . Blue Rev. ( 3/10/17 ) 4 . jewel what about you - what 's you name ? handsome -in-a-blue-suit ? forrest ( laugh ) my name 's bob. Bob callahan . jewel and where be you head , Bob callahan ? forrest Home . I have be on the road for a while . jewel do what ? forrest I be in sale . jewel selling what ? forrest oh , this and that . what be you look for ? he shoot she a killer grin that stop the line of question dead . she notice that he 's wear hearing aide . ext . service station - day 3 through the plate glass window of a service station : forrest pull right up to the front door . he and jewel walk inside and forrest ring a bell at the counter . he ring it a bunch of time . a guy in a mechanic 's coverall , hand cover in grease call from the back . mechanic yeah , yeah , I can hear you . what can I do for you ? forrest this young lady need a tow truck . Blue Rev. ( 3/10/17 ) 5 . he keep ringing that bell , repeatedly , playfully , like a little kid annoying they parent . jewel can not help but blush . camera zoom in on she face as that bell go ding ding ding . int . blue jay cafe - day 4 now they be seat at a little restaurant nearby , wait for she car to get tow . cup of coffee between they and mostly - finish slice of pumpkin pie . awkward silence . Broken by ... forrest you like horse . jewel what ? he point to a pin on she blouse . a little silver horse . jewel ( cont 'd ) oh yeah . yeah , I do . forrest so - you be a cowgirl and you like to steal car . what else be I miss ? she laugh . jewel that 's pretty much it . I have get three horse - forrest Three horse . jewel - and I ride every day , and - forrest what be they name ? jewel the horse ? forrest yeah . jewel wiley , clementine and dorothy Jean . Blue Rev. ( 3/10/17 ) 6. forrest dorothy Jean . dorothy Jean sound like my kinda gal . jewel do you ride ? forrest I ? no. I never have . it 's on my list . jewel what list be that ? forrest the list of thing I wanna do . jewel well , you better hurry up . forrest how come ? beat . she shrug off that question . the waitress come with the check . waitress anything else ? forrest no ... jewel no thank you . waitress all right then . whenever you be ready . she leave the check in its little folder on the table . jewel reach for it but forrest grab it first . jewel no , you - come on , you give I a lift , it 's the last I can do - forrest do not worry about it . jewel please . I insist . a beat , and then forrest slide the check back to she . Blue Rev. ( 3/10/17 ) 7 . jewel ( cont 'd ) thank you . forrest thank you . forrest watch as she peel a few single bill from a thick clip of they in she purse . she lay they on the check . a beat pass , just long enough for jewel to have to reach slightly to find she way back into the conversation . jewel so what do you say you do ? sale ? forrest ..- yeah . jewel like door to door , or ... forrest jewel ( cont 'd ) ++ no , no . .+- bible salesman ? forrest definitely not . jewel I be kid . forrest can I be honest with you ? I do not know the first thing about sale . jewel oh . forrest I make that up . jewel so ... what do you do then ? forrest it 's a secret . jewel oh be it now ? forrest yes . jewel and why be that ? Blue Rev. ( 3/10/17 ) 8. forrest because if I tell you , you might not want to see I again . jewel who say I be go to see you again ? forrest would you ? she hesitates for a moment - size forrest up once more time - and then grab the bill the waitress leave , tear off a piece of it , take a pen out from she purse and write something down . a phone number . she slide it back to he . his eye dart from the paper to she and then back again . then he tear off a larger piece of paper off the same bill . he reach across the table and take she pen , and then quickly , deliberately write something down on that piece of paper . we do not see what he write . he slide it across the table to she . she take it , look at it , put on she read glass and then burst out laugh . she look back to he . jewel this be not ... you be not serious be you ? he shrug , like it 's no big deal . jewel ( cont 'd ) this be a joke . forrest no . jewel come on . forrest I be serious . jewel why would you even tell I then ? forrest ' Cause I trust you . pink Rev. ( 3/24/17 ) 9. jewel you just meet I . forrest sometimes you just know . jewel with I . you know . forrest well , you be still sit here . jewel because I do not believe you . and if I do believe you forrest what would be worse ? if I be lie about this , or tell the truth ? Long beat , and then ... jewel prove it . forrest you want I to prove it ? jewel yeah . forrest what ' 1l you do if I can ? jewel I will not walk out on you . forrest look around . forrest here . jewel yes . forrest right now . jewel yes . beat . Blue Rev. ( 3/10/17 ) 10 . forrest I be not gonna do that . jewel see . I know it . forrest not because I can not . it just be not my style . jewel not you style . forrest no. jewel you have get a style . forrest yes. jewel tell I what that be then . forrest well , first of all - this place . this place be not my style . but say this be a bank . you have get that counter up there , the girl behind it . you find a good spot , like the one we have get here , and you wait . you wait and you watch and you get into the swing of thing and when the time feel right - maybe it 's a couple hour , maybe it 's a couple day but when it feel right you make you move . you stroll right in . easiest thing in the world . there 's the girl . you walk right up and look she in the eye and say mar ’am , this be a robbery . I have get a gun . you show it , like this . you say : take a bag and fill it up . I be keep my eye on you . do not try anything funny . I like you . I like you a whole lot . I might just be fall for you . do not go break my heart now . ( beat ) and she would fill up a bag with money , and she would give it to I , and you have go out the way you come in and she would ... buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 1. he look at jewel . forrest ( cont 'd ) well , you tell I what she would do . hold on jewel , who do not realize she be hold she breath . CUT to black int . prison cell - dawn 5 forrest tucker awaken . he 's lay on a bunk , alone in a prison cell . it be two year earlier * he look at the bar door of he cell . today 's gonna be the day . int . prison corridor - morning 6 forrest walk down the hall , down the long corridor of cell . follow all the other prisoner . the usual morning routine . int . prison mess hall - morning 7 forrest drink he coffee . another prisoner sit down * opposite he . : teddy GREEN , tall , lanky , with silver hair * recede on he head . * teddy GREEN * how you feel today ? * forrest * good as ever . * teddy GREEN * get something for you . * he slide a little origami boat across the table . * 10 goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 12 . ext . san quentin yard - morning 8 San quentin : a square fortress of a prison , position on the very edge of the San Francisco Bay . almost 100 year old now . like a crumble castle , on the verge of collapse right into the icy water of the Pacific . forrest cross the prison yard from one of the wing to the prison workshop . he 's walk with other prisoner , escort by a guard . he walk with a slight shuffle , he head hang a little low . int . prison workshop - day 9 forrest stand at a heavy duty power drill in the prison shop - he place in the assembly line that 's put together cheap furniture for institutional use . Raw lumber go in one end , chair and table come out the other . waller be work on another machine . teddy on yet another . a prison trustee name jim supervise the shop from the comfort of a recliner . he 's petting one of the many cat that run amongst the pile of lumber . a whistle blows . forrest look up again , glance through the sawdust at the clock hang over the shop door . 12 pm . the other prisoner shut off they power tool , put down they hammer and saw . trustee jim struggle to raise himself from he armchair . the cat in he lap be not keen on get up . trustee jim ( to cat ) c' mon downser . ooopsie-daisy . the split second he 's alone , forrest 's demeanor change . his shoulder straighten . he lift he head . he pull the board off the table . he leave the drill run , leave its whine to fill the air as he walk to the back of the shop and grab something from behind a stack of wwood . ext . MAIN yard - continuous 10 forrest walk through the prison yard , push a large rubbish bin full of who know what . he pass a guard who 's walk towards the mess hall . goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 12a . hungry guard lunchtime , tucker . buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 13. forrest I know . Jim just tell we to throw this shit out . hungry guard better hurry up . they keep walk . teddy GREEN you think this thing will float ? forrest do not have to float . just have to not sink . 1 int . warehouse - continuous 1 . warehouse scene . one shot . Magic . 12 omitted 12 13 omitted 13 14 15 16 17 omitted omitted omitted omitted goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 14 . 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 omitted omitted omitted goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 15 . 18 19 20 21 22 23 buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 16 . omitted 21 ext . BAY - continuous 22 camera push past the water ... up to the word rub -a-dub - dub .... then up to waller and teddy , both of whom be row with makeshift oar ... .+. and finally find forrest , pull the sail open and grin like a free man as the wind whip through he hair . fade to : ext . beach - evening 23 the sun be set now . camera track across a Marin County beach . Wild and untamed . by and by we find that handmade boat , rock gently in the surf , bleed blue paint onto the sand . camera push in ... ... and find the word rub-a-dub -dub paint on the side . 24 25 26 goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 17 . omitted 24 against black 25 that sound of a police radio crackle . police dispatch ( v.o. ) two -baker -four , that address again be twenty - three dyer Street . fifty - one - fifty male cause four fifteen inside the residence . suspect sighted leave on foot ... police radio ( v.o. ) Roger that two bravo four , send backup ... int . JOHN hunt 's car - night 26 we find a detective , sound asleep in he car . his name be JOHN hunt . he 's handsome , on the drop edge of forty , a little bit of salt pepper he sideburn . his head rest against the window . he look very peaceful ... .+- until there 's a knock on the glass , and then the passenger side door open and he partner lt . kelley get in with two cup of coffee . lt . kelley be you sleep ? 28 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 18 . JOHN hunt no . lt . kelley seriously be you asleep ? JOHN hunt no . I be just think . lo. kelley you be fuck sleep . JOHN hunt I look like I be sleep when I be think . lo. kelley you tell that to Maureen ? JOHN hunt all the time . lt . kelley do she believe you ? JOHN hunt nope . int . donut shop - night 28 Kelley and hunt investigate a crime scene - a robbery at a do nut shop . there be break glass and squashed donut all over the floor . a mess of powder sugar and jelly . behind the counter the register have be tear open . Lt. Kelley talk to the owner , who look mighty shake up . John hunt do not seem too interested . lt . kelley and that 's when he throw you ware and such down on the floor here ? donut shop owner yes , he just start knock all the trays on the floor and cause a ruckus . his hand be shaking . that 's what I keep notice , he hand be shaking all over the place and if he pull the trigger - I mean , I do not think he even could have pull the trigger , he be so jack up , but - ah ae Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 18a . lt . kelley no , no . you do the right thing . you okay ? donut shop owner yeah , I be now . JOHN hunt how much be in the register ? donut shop owner nothing , we be not even open yet . lt . kelley so he do not actually take anything ? donut shop owner no , he just throw my product all over the floor . 27 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 19 . donut shop owner ( cont 'd ) you think you be gonna catch he ? JOHN hunt ehhhhhh ... int . JOHN hunt 's police car - dawn John hunt drive in he car with Lt. Kelley . Police radio crackle as they go . lt . kelley do you know where you be go ? 27 29 30 31 goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 20 . int . briefing room - dallas police station - dawn 29 briefing room . the captain be give a talk to everyone . we move from one face to the next ... captain calder some of you - you know who you be - you be act like a bunch of spoiled little kid . I do not have time for that . you partner do not have time for that . if you do not grow up , carry you weight , do you job , I be gonna bump you down to bicycle detail . John hunt listen in from the adjacent locker room , lean in just enough to get a earful . int . bullpen - dallas police station - dawn 30 now John hunt sit at he desk , bury behind a mountain of paperwork . Lt. Kelly approach with they secretary , martha . ly. kelley hey , ah ... do not want to make a big deal out of it or anything , but we all pitch in to get a little something for you . he set a cupcake down in front of he with a single candle . he light it . martha all downhill from here . John hunt pinch the flame and take the candle out and shove the entire cupcake in he mouth . int . live room - JOHN hunt 's house - morning 31 a lock click , a doorknob turn . John hunt come home . it 's raining outside . he set he badge down on the table by the door . he can hear child 's voice in the kitchen . goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 20a . then a little boy run from the kitchen to the bedroom . he stop for a moment , see John hunt , look at he like he 's be catch in the act , and then continue on into the kitchen . John hunt sigh , and then head to the kitchen . he make it around the corner ... 32 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 21 . int . kitchen - JOHN hunt 's house - continuous 32 -.. where that little boy , he son tyler ( 7 ) , and daughter abilene ( 10 ) be wait for he along with he wife maureen . there 's a coffee cake on the table . everyone happy birthday ! he turn around , sleepily feign shock , and then back again . JOHN hunt awwww ..... what be this ? abilene a surprise . JOHN hunt you should have tell I . abilene then it would not have be a surprise . JOHN hunt thank you guy . who put you up to this ? maureen it be they idea . he walk up behind Maureen and put he arm around she and kiss the back of she neck . maureen ( cont 'd ) I try to tell they . dad 's gonna be cranky and he 's not gonna want want anyone to remind he how old he be ... but they say they do not care . JOHN hunt what about you ? maureen it 's you birthday . I be not gonna say a damn thing . I gotta get to class . she turn around and touch he sideburn , find the little bit of gray there . ahhh hof ah ae * Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 21a . maureen ( cont ’d ) this be not there yesterday . cur to : abilene be recite something she 's memorize for school . as she speak , Tyler look up at he dad , who sit down at the table . tyler happy birthday . JOHN hunt thank you . tyler how old be you ? JOHN hunt how old be you ? tyler six . JOHN hunt that 's a lie and you know it . 33 34 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 22. int . JOHN hunt 's police car - morning 33 John hunt 's car be stop at a railroad crossing . he and both kid be all in the front seat . it 's raining and Tyler knock he galoshes together in time with the windshield wiper . abilene be still read aloud . JOHN hunt you guy - you gotta be quiet for a second , okay ? just for a second . I get a headache and I be tired and I eat too much cake and I be just ... the police radio squawk . and then squawk again . the sound of the railroad crossing clanging , the radio , the kid , the rain - it 's too much . hunt grab it and hand it to abilene . JOHN hunt ( cont 'd ) here . hold this button and say 10 - 4 . abilene hesitates . JOHN hunt ( cont 'd ) go on , press the button and say ... abilene 10 - 4 . JOHN hunt 10 - 4 , good buddy . abilene 10 - 4 good buddy . tyler I wanna do it ... JOHN hunt okay . here . say : dispatch , this be robbery 7 check in , I gotta go 10 - 2 real bad . tyler I gotta go 10 - 2 real bad . wait , what 's 10 - 2 ? ext . three day bank - moment later 34 they pull up outside they intermediate destination . a three day bank . ahhh ah Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) JOHN hunt you want to come in with I or wait in the car ? tyler come in . 22a . 35 36 yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) 23. abilene wait . JOHN hunt okay . lock the door . we will be back in a second . and write yourself a note to you teacher , we be gonna be a little late . he get out , leave the key so abbie can listen to the radio . he unfold a umbrella and run towards the bank , ignore the chevy station wagon that be park innocuously across the street ... int . / ext . new hot car - continuous 35 forrest , teddy and waller sit in that chevy . waller be in the front seat of that car , alongside teddy . forrest be in the back seat . forrest apply a layer of clear nail polish to he fingertip . he 's get a new fake mustache on . waller be wear one too . he 's whisper a little prayer to himself , and make the sign of the cross . forrest look at he watch . int . three day bank - continuous 36 Inside the bank , there be only one teller ( helen ) work behind the glass , and a bit of a line , due to the older woman count out penny at the counter . helen the teller yep , do not worry , I be keep track ... John hunt stand at the little table with deposit slip and begin to fill out a withdrawal form . JOHN hunt but it 's you choice , right ? you have to choose ? tyler yeah . JOHN hunt so pick whatever you want . you like baseball , right ? yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) 23a . tyler yeah . 37 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 24 , JOHN hunt so pick baseball if you want to . pick whatever you want - you just have to make sure you actually like it . ( beat ) why be you look at I like that ? tyler do you like you job ? JOHN hunt of course I do . I love it . as he 's talk , the bank door OPEN again . forrest and waller enter . forrest be carry a briefcase . waller go straight to the deposit slip island . forrest make a beeline straight for the manager . forrest Excuse I , sir . I be look for the manager ... mr . owen well , that have be I . what can I do for you this morning ? forrest I want to ask about a business loan . mr . owen well sure , I bet we can help you with that . what sort of business be we talk about ? forrest this kind . he flash he gun . just enough for the manager to see it . int . manager' office / three day bank - continuous 37 they step into the manager 's office , which have a big window look out into the rest of the bank . forrest take the liberty of close the door behind they . forrest go ahead , sit down . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 24a. Mr. owen do so , and then take a seat behind he desk . forrest sit down opposite he , set he briefcase down on the desk . forrest ( cont ’d ) how're you feel today ? mr . owen not so great , since you be ask . 38 39 40 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 25 . forrest well , day 's still young . Mr. owen sigh and nod . int . three day bank - continuous 38 through the glass door of the office , forrest and Mr. owen can be see chat . at one point , forrest nod in the direction of the bank lobby , and Mr. owen look nervously in that direction . meanwhile , John hunt and Tyler be still in line for the teller . he check he watch . JOHN hunt why do not you go up to the front there and ask what 's take so long ... tyler no! int . / ext . JOHN hunt 's police car - continuous 39 abilene sit in the car , shuffle through song on the radio station . int . three day bank - continuous 40 Mr. owen leave the office . forrest follow he , and loiter outside he door . Mr. owen head behind the counter . waller watch , where Mr. owen be fill the briefcase ... ecu : Mr. owen press a silent alarm button under the counter . almost as if in response , forrest touch he hearing aide . he look out the window , and then back at the counter ... .++ as Mr. owen reappear , the briefcase hang heavy from he hand . ecu : the briefcase change hand . 41 42 43 yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) 26. forrest thank you kindly . int . / ext . JOHN hunt 's police car - continuous 41 as abilene kick back , nodd she head to the pop tune that 's still play , she notice the bank door open in the rearview mirror . be it she dad ? no sir . just two old man , leave the bank and head to he car across the street ... int . three day bank - moment later 42 John hunt finally make it up to the window , only to be interrupt by - mr . owen lady and gentleman ... John turn . he look over he shoulder , just in time to see the Mr. owen locking the door from the inside . he raise he arm and call out . mr . owen ( cont ’d ) ( call out ) Excuse I lady and gentleman ... please remain calm . it be my duty to inform you that this bank have just be rob . there 's a immediate uproar from the customer and other employee . int . / ext . hot car - continuous 43 back in the car , which be now in motion , as teddy peel away from the bank . the rain still come down hard . forrest glance at the rearview mirror , make sure they be not be tail . then he reach up to he lip with he free hand and peel the mustache from he face . teddy GREEN you be pushin’ it ... forrest Nah , we get plenty of time . he can hear siren in the distance . 44 45 46 47 Blue Rev. ( 3/10/17 ) 27 . int . three day bank - continuous 44 minor chaos . the manager be try to keep everyone calm . John hunt in particular . JOHN hunt - but my daughter be out there and - mr . owen Sir , please , the police will be here momentarily — JOHN hunt for Christ 's sake ! have you not hear a single goddamn word I have say ? I be the police ! I will help you out if you can just unlock that door - ext . three day bank - day 45 the front door have be unlock , and John be rush out through the crowd of approach patrol officer to he car . he knock on the window . abbie look up and unlock the door . another detective , offerman , recognize he . offerman John ? what the hell be you do here ? hunt just shake he head . exasperate , embarrassed . ext . parking lot - continuous 46 the hot car pull into a half - full parking lot on the edge of town . each of the three man quickly climb out . waller throw the key in the gutter . they all walk to they own car . forrest throw the suitcase in the trunk , and then casually climb into the front seat , start the engine . his car backfire as he depart . int . three day bank - day 47 Tyler and abilene be in the bank now , sit on chair outside the office while he father join offerman and Lt. Kelley in interview the bank manager . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 28 . behind they , uniform patrol officer interview the bank witness one at a time . camera hold on they as they watch the proceedings . offerman how old exactly ? mr. owen I would say he be about fifty or sixty . offerman more like sixty ? mr. owen yeah . offerman or fifty ? mr. owen yeah , fifty or sixty . JOHN hunt I think he have on a - offerman oh , I be sorry sir . be this you case ? I think you be a witness . the other cop chuckle . hunt shake he head ... ... and while do so , notice through the office window that maureen have arrive to pick up the kid . she spot he and give he one of that look . offerman ( cont 'd ) and he be armed ? mr . owen yes , he have a gun . offerman you see it . mr . owen yes . I mean - offerman he point it at you ? 48 49 50 goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 29 . mr . owen no . but he say he have one and I just - offerman you do what he say ? mr . owen yes . offerman because he say he have a gun . mr . owen and also - I mean , he be also sort of a gentleman . camera push in on a police artist draw a composite sketch of forrest ... int . cutlass / ext . highway - day 48 .+. who at this very moment be speed down the highway , head who know where , high as a kite on the adrenaline that 's pump through he vein . a grin on he face , wind in he hair . he roll down the dirty mud spatter window and let the fresh air rush against he face . ext . forrest 's house - day 49 forrest pull into the driveway of he house - a modest little rental in East Dallas , across the street from a cemetery . int . forrest 's house - day 50 teddy be divide the loot . waller be in the kitchen make pancake . waller you know how to make a perfect pancake ? teddy GREEN how 's that ? waller I be ask you . goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 29a . moment later , forrest be sit at he table , bent over a bearcat 100 police radio - a portable police scanner about the size of a big walkie talkie . wire creep out of the back of the radio , and run up to the pair of hearing aide that forrest have be wear . he 's work on this right now . twist the expose copper , make sure it 's all firmly connect . buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 30 . waller ( cont 'd ) it work out okay . she do not speak a lick of English and I do not know more than two word of Spanish , both of which I employ liberally , and we seem to get along just fine . teddy GREEN ella ya es demasiado bueno para it . waller what do I say to that , si ? teddy GREEN si. absolutamente . waller I know you be makin 's fun of I but you know what ? I be okay with that because I get a sense of humor about myself . teddy GREEN I get a sense of humor about you too . waller she want I to go to Buenos Aires with she . you ever be there ? teddy GREEN nope . waller they get good poetry out of there . teddy GREEN you be think of chile . waller same difference . what about St. Louis . you ever be to St. Louis ? teddy GREEN sure . I get arrest outside of mcgurk 's there in 1962 . waller well , mcgurk and I both think it 's time you make you triumphant return . forrest look up now . buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) forrest what 's this get to do with you eloping ? waller nothing . this have to do with we . I be talk to yurkow the other day and then I do a little digging and I think I get a line on a pretty good score . forrest what be it ? waller gold . teddy GREEN gold ? waller gold . a whole mess of it , just sit there in a safety deposit box in St. Louis . forrest what be we gonna do with gold ? waller I do not know . bury it in you backyard ? you tell I , bud . why do not you buy yourself a few bead curtain for this dump . forrest laugh . 30a . ahhh 51 goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 31 . ( cont 'd ) as he talk , camera push in on the tv , where the news be on ... int . JOHN hunt 's house - evening 51 some mile away , John hunt be watch the same news and eat leftover birthday cake . newscaster ( on tv ) in local news today - bee ! the waxahachie honey Festival be in full swing . we be there and we may have get a little sticky ... Maureen sit down beside he . maureen be it on the news ? JOHN hunt Nah . it 's not big enough . no one care . maureen how big 's it have to be ? JOHN hunt for folk to care ? bigger 'o fifteen hundred buck . ( more ) 52 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 32 . JOHN hunt ( cont 'd ) maureen well , you care . ( beat ) do not you ? JOHN hunt only because they make as much in ten minute as I make in a month and have a whole lot more fun do it . I be in the wrong line of work . I think I be gonna quit . maureen and do what ? JOHN hunt I do not know . I will figure something out . go build house with my dad . do something useful . Maureen all but roll she eye . she 's hear this before . maureen okay . you can quit . ( beat ) or ... you can try and catch ‘em . he look up at she , consider this . int . forrest 's house - evening 52 forrest follow the guy to the door . teddy bid forrest farewell , and head down to he car . waller stop short of leave . waller I have be meaning to ask you . you pick a house across from a cemetery on purpose ? forrest no . waller you really do not think about it ? forrest nope . ahh of ah ahhh heh * Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 32a. waller okay . 53 54 buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 33. forrest why ? waller just wonder . i’1l see you next week . he take off . forrest stand in the doorway , watch as he compatriot depart . int . bedroom / forrest 's house - evening 53 craaaccckkkk . forrest pull up the floorboard and begin to deposit he latest hall in the crawlspace beneath . camera pull back beneath the floorboard , revealing a significant stash of cash from previous plunderings , along with various document , fake id and a box of old indian head coin . int . blue jay cafe - night 54 forrest sit in that same little restaurant . have another slice of pie and draw in he notebook . the door chime again . someone enter . we do not see who . neither do forrest , until she 's stand right in front of he booth . jewel I do not think you have ever actually call . forrest I do not think you have pick up . so we be even . she sit down . forrest ( cont 'd ) how 's you truck ? jewel all fix up . how about you ? be on the road I guess ? forrest oh yeah . jewel selling a lot of bible ? eo yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) 34 . forrest a whole lot . top five salesman in the region , right here . jewel yeah ? forrest yeah . jewel I do not believe a word you say . forrest probably a good idea . she look more closely at he . jewel you be not wear you hearing aide . forrest what ? jewel you - forrest I can not hear you . she laugh , catch on to the joke . the sound of police radio kick in , overtake the audio as he slide she he notebook , show the picture he be draw . it 's a draw of a horse . the sound of the radio continue over ... CUT to : robbery montage be 1 . camera slowly pull back on a wide tableau shot , outside a bank in dripping spring , arkansas . a car pull right up right outside . 2 . the pull back continue , only now we be outside a bank in springfield , missouri . a different car be pull up in the same place . forrest and teddy get out . 56 57 pink Rev. ( 3/24/17 ) 35 . 3 . same shot , this time outside a bank in norman , oklahoma , with a third hot car outside . forrest and waller stroll out , a bag of cash in forrest 's hand . he climb into he car and step on the gas . a big cloud of dust fly up as the car screech away . int . police station - day 56 a file slam down on John hunt 's desk . offerman loudly proclaim : offerman look like John 's rainy day robber be at it again ! there 's a gentle chorus of laughter as hunt pick up the file . JOHN hunt yeah yeah yeah . laugh it up . what be this ? he examine the folder . scan down , see some text : october 2 . norman , ok . armed caucasian male . elderly . offerman gene dentler send it over , say it make he think of you . JOHN hunt hilarious . hunt flip to the composite sketch of the suspect ... which look remarkably similar to the one from he fateful encounter . offerman but hey , do not sweat it . I already get the aarp on the case . more laughter . but John look closer at the file ... int . JOHN hunt 's office / norman sheriff' dept . - day 57 John hunt be on the phone now . JOHN hunt yeah , gene , this be John hunt . so what about this robbery ? 58 Blue Rev. ( 3/10/17 ) 36 . on the other end of the line , sheriff gene dentler of the norman PD kick back at he desk . det . gene dentler ( v.o. ) oh yeah , the old guy ! yeah , same story . small haul . no print , no mo , no nothing . JOHN hunt so no lead ? det . gene dentler nope . mainly on account of no one give a shit . it 's just kind of a funny story . JOHN hunt yeah , armed robbery 's pretty damn funny . det . gene dentler I know . oh , and speak of funny here 's where it get interesting . I tell my wife about the whole deal and I guess she tell she sister because the next day she sister call I and tell I about this thing she read in the paper that sound real similar . Old fella with a gun ... JOHN hunt you wife 's sister , huh . where 's she live ? int . file room - day 58 John sit at a microfiche machine . martha bring he a stack of old slide . martha this enough for you ? JOHN hunt keep ‘em come ... John lean into the microfiche screen . the screen light up he face . he begin scan over various newspaper headline . elderly bandit rob credit union . old man robber puzzle police . senior stick up grocery store . the text reflect on he face . he jot down date and location . 59 60 61 yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) Eve int . police station - day 59 John hunt be on the phone again . behind he , from one cut to the next , Lt. Kelley be get more interested in the case . JOHN hunt hey marge , I be call about this xobbery you guy have on June 8th - be that case still open ? and again . JOHN hunt ( cont 'd ) yes mar ’am , could you fax over the report on that ? and again . JOHN hunt ( cont 'd ) what exactly do you mean when you say more than one ? int . live room - JOHN hunt 's house - night 60 John hunt burst through the front door , narrowly dodging he kid , set a big filing BOX down on the kitchen table . he run back out , and return with a second box that he set down atop the first and begin to open it . Maureen , sit at that table go over a textbook , eye this stuff with bemusement . int . live room - JOHN hunt 's house - night 61 John hunt lean over a giant corkboard laid out on he live room floor . multiple state map be pin to it , represent a general layout of the Southwest . abilene and Tyler hunt be help they daddy poke red pushpins into various point on the map . John have a stack of police file that he 's go through , pull city name from each one . abilene seventy eight ... seventy nine ... eighty . John hunt take a sip from a beer bottle as abbie sink a pin into the spot on the map . yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) 37a . JOHN hunt ( to Tyler ) eighty . what 's after eighty ? 62 yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) tyler I dunno . JOHN hunt yeah you do . abilene , eighty-one . tyler eighty-one . JOHN hunt eight-one . barstow , Arizona . barstow . barstowwwwwwww . Tyler sink the pin in . JOHN hunt ( cont 'd ) there we go . see , we be make a trail . it will lead we right back to ... abilene the bad guy . JOHN hunt yeah . the bad guy . and the bad guy come from ... camera zeroe in on california ... int . briefing room - police station - day 38 . 62 hunt and Lt. Kelley be present they case to the captain . offerman be in the office too . they be attempt to dramatically flip a blackboard around , but it get stick . he and Kelly finally manage to get it turn around . offerman roll he eye . lt . kelly there . five state , 93 robbery , two year . captain calder and you think it 's all the same guy ? JOHN hunt yes we do . yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) 38a. offerman so how do the same three guy . get away . with all that ? yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) 39 . JOHN hunt good question . gonna bring you mom in later , figure maybe she can tell we . offerman my mom 's dead , dumbass . JOHN hunt since when ? offerman since last year . lt . kelley shoot . guess it 's up to we then . JOHN hunt you wanna know how they get away with it ? you remember my dad ? captain calder yeah . JOHN hunt imagine he robbing a bank . the Captain laugh . JOHN hunt ( cont 'd ) that 's how they get away with it . captain calder so what do you want to do ? JOHN hunt what do we want to do ? captain calder yeah . JOHN hunt well , we be gonna catch he . lt . kelley we be gonna catch he . 63 int . forrest 's car / ext . jewel 's house - day 63 forrest be drive . he pull off a country road and drive up a long driveway . 64 yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) 39a . up ahead , at the end of the driveway , be a big country house preside over a magnificent plot of land . adjacent to the the house be stable and a small barn . ext . jewel 's house - continuous 64 he get out of the car and walk up to the house . a dog name indy run out to greet he . follow by jewel . forrest I think I take a wrong turn . 65 66 pink Rev. ( 3/24/17 ) 40 . jewel nope . this be I . * int . jewel 's house - continuous 65 jewel show he she house . it 's big , cozy , full of project in - progress . the wall by the staircase be mostly stripped of wallpaper , and on the plaster be a big cursive signature in pencil . jewel it look terrible right now because I start stripping the paper off think I would change it - and then I find this on the plaster and now I be afraid to cover it back * up . this be the man who build this * house . I look it up and that be he name . he sign he name almost * 100 year ago and it 's still there . * they get to the kitchen , where there 's a big table with a bunch of soap - make stuff on it . jewel ( cont ’d ) that 's where I be make soap . forrest you make soap ? int . / ext . stable - day 66 * jewel and forrest be in the stable with she three horse - clementine , wiley and dorothy Jean . forrest be focus on dorothy Jean . she keep nudging forrest 's hand . she like the attention . jewel I have have wiley here since he be bear . and clementine we buy from we neighbor , and I fall in love with she right away ... forrest bend down to scrape some mud off he shoe with a stick , and then stand upright and look over the horizon . jewel 's land stretch out as far as the eye can see . forrest this all belong to you , huh ? 67 pink Rev. ( 3/24/17 ) jewel yeah . my kid keep tell I to sell it but ... I love it . they say it 's too expensive or that ... I can not handle it on my own . I say come out and give I a hand , then . I be not go anywhere . she look at he for a moment , pause before voice a concern : jewel ( cont 'd ) you be not marry be you ? forrest no . I be once . but we be real young . jewel do you have any kid ? forrest I hope not . ext . jewel 's house - day forrest and jewel be site on the front porch . drink whiskey and watch the wind blow through the tree . indy sit at jewel 's foot . forrest do you miss he ? jewel sure . but ... we be marry when we be nineteen . and then the kid come and ... you lose track of yourself sometimes . or at least I do . and it 's so easy to just assume everything be fine , that this be fine , this be the way thing be suppose to be . ( more ) ahhh Blue Rev. ( 3/10/17 ) jewel ( cont 'd ) you spend so much time think you be happy and then you wake up one morning and realize that , oh , maybe you be not . maybe you never be in the first place . maybe you do not even know what that mean . and then something happen , like you lose someone , or even just you kid grow and move out , and then it 's what do you have leave , you know ? so yes , I miss he and there 's a part of I that always will but ... I think .. now it 's okay for I to be selfish . because you think about - like ten year from now , where will you be , what will you be do , you know ? there be a time where ten year , it be a lot , but now ... now whenever I close a door I wonder : be that the last time I will have a chance to do whatever that thing be ? another long silence . forrest you know what I do when that door close ? jewel what 's that ? forrest I climb out the window . she laugh . forrest ( cont ’d ) and if I ever get worried and where I be go , I think of myself as a little boy . this tall . I think : would he be proud of I ? and if the answer be no , well - then , well , I better walk on through . but if the answer be yes - that 's when you be exactly where you be suppose to be . jewel be he proud of you ? that little boy ? forrest he 's get closer every day . 42 . 68 69 70 goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 43. she laugh . jewel but - you be never exactly where you be suppose to be , right ? because if you be , you be finish . done . and ten - year-old you might have hope and dream but he do not understand time ... or the world ... not the way you do . so you have just gotta keep push ... try new thing ... forrest consider this . int . forrest 's house - day 68 forrest be watch two furniture delivery men bring a brand new bed into he house . there be other furniture there now too . Quick shot of a new couch , a new table ... int . bedroom - forrest 's house - night 69 forrest sit on he new bed . feeling its softness . nicest thing he 's ever buy . int . bar - night 70 forrest sit at a bar next to waller , who be regaling he with a tall tale of ill-doing . waller my dad leave when I be a kid and so when I be a teenager my Mom get remarry to well a ....cop , Christ . by then I be do petty crime ... and well , the first thing he do be change all the lock and he write a like 10 page '' new manifesto '' for we family .. with lot of rule to follow . so it be Christmas and I have be out steal cigarettes out of park car that type of thing .. and come home late to find the house lock up like a federal prison . ( more ) ahhh ea hehe hehe goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 43a . waller ( cont 'd ) I be a little drunk so I have to come through a high window and the Christmas tree be block my entrance .. so I be squeezing through the window and balance my self use the tree as a crutch and the decoration be clanging and fall and then I hear freeze ! freeze ! ... and I look through the tinsel and there be my stepfather in full uniform , in combat position , both hand on he service revolver , ready to squeeze one off and well it be not a great way to begin and thing only get worse from there ... and so that be why I hate Christmas . teddy GREEN you want to get away with something big , though ... you wait until the holiday . everyone 's a little more forgive , a little more generous ... a little more ready to look the other way . forrest tell I something . waller what 's that ? forrest tell I more about St. Louis . waller chuckle and downs he shot . waller buy I another drink and 1 /11 tell you all about it . ahhh here E eere hehe ahhh * 7 72 goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 44 . int . forrest 's car / highway - dawn 1 now forrest be asleep in he car . blanket pull up over he shoulder , hat pull over the brim of he eye . a eighteen wheeler roar by out he window . he sit up . pull out a watch . the source of that tick . look at it . it 's cold a quiet and lonely , but somehow cozy at the same time . he climb into the front seat . start the engine . step on the gas . the engine backfire . int . missouri diner - morning 72 the sun have come up now . forrest sit in a booth at some downtown breakfast joint . a waitress name marla with a ray - of - sunshine face fill he cup of coffee . marla the waitress late night or early morning ? forrest Little bit of both . she wink at he . forrest hold the coffee , let it warm he hand . the door chime . teddy and waller enter . they sit down opposite forrest . waller ( to waitress ) ma ’am ? ma ’am . two more coffee please . 73 74 15 goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 45 . forrest how be the drive ? teddy GREEN they keep get longer . * waller he do not like my book on tape . ext . downtown ST . louis - morning 73 long lens on : forrest stand , alone , cut out against the sky . he 's on a rooftop , look down at the street below . long zoom out , until forrest be just a tiny dot on the horizontal edge of a rooftop , back up against the morning sky . ext . rooftop / downtown ST . louis - continuous 74 now we be with forrest , and we see what he 's look at . it 's a bank . a big one , big downtown branch in a old stone * building that look like it could withstand a army . teddy be up there . so be waller . * forrest * it 's big . * teddy GREEN * Real big . * teddy have a camera with a long lens . he snap a few picture . forrest see a armore truck pull up in front of the bank . he look at he watch , take note of the time , and then jot it down in he little notebook . he watch as two guard get out of the back of the truck and head into the bank with a empty hand truck . something about that strike he interest . waller and teddy see it too . int . ST . louis bank - day 75 forrest and teddy be case the bank on the inside now . waller be there too . it 's big and impose , with high ceiling and marble column . footstep echo everywhere . it feel more like Grand Central Station than a bank . * goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 45a. forrest stand at the deposit slip island , pretend to fill out a slip , write note instead . his gaze pass to teddy ... 16 goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 46 . .+. then to waller ... and then to the security cameras . then he walk up to the counter , quietly counting he step as he go . one ...two ...three .. four a teller name angela be wait . he give she a personal check . forrest can I cash this check here ? angela the teller certainly . will that be all ? forrest yes mar ’am . thank you . she turn to she register . to he leave , forrest can see the vault ... ... just as the brink guard walk out . he pay close attention to they . to they uniform , to the way they walk , to the path they take , to the hand truck laden with black bag of cash and the way they nod to the security guard on site as they pass through ... then , as he follow they , he gaze fall upon a young couple , talk to a bank employee in a little cubicle . it look like they be buy a house . he can not help but look at they . he watch they for a long time . camera zoom in . before too long we can hear they conversation . they be talk about there future . angela the teller Sir ? Sir ? here 's you cash . he turn back to Angela as she pass he he cash and receipt . int . forrest 's car - continuous 76 they circle the bank in forrest 's car . forrest what do you think ? teddy GREEN I be not sure yet . ( more ) 17 buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 47 . teddy GREEN ( cont 'd ) they drive past the brink truck . waller what I wanna know be how much they get in that truck . forrest look at the truck . int . teddy' shitty motel room - night 7 the three guy sit back in the motel room , drink beer and look over forrest 's handdrawn map of the bank and downtown and blueprint of the bank itself . the tv be on in the corner . there 's some old movie play , some late - night western . teddy GREEN you really think we can do it ? waller we could probably do it . teddy GREEN we could probably do anything we set we mind to . I be just say : it sound like we be show off . waller okay ! Hell ! let 's show off then . we be do the same score , over and over and over . my bone be start to hurt , man . I be sixty seven year old . I gotta start think about my future . teddy GREEN what do you think , forrest ? you think we can pull it off ? forrest probably . he get up . teddy GREEN probably . probably . you forget all about paterson ? probably do not get you too far then . 78 79 buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 48. forrest difference between now and then be now - now I know what I be do . teddy GREEN I know too . but I also know what I be capable of . and this day ... that be two different thing . forrest maybe we will lay low after this . teddy GREEN you. laying low . that 's funny . waller yeah , that 's why everyone 's laugh . forrest do laugh . forrest I will think about it . he step out of the room . ext . shitty motel - continuous 78 he shut the door behind he and walk down the second story walkway to he own room . it 's all the way down on the other side of the building , make for a long , leisurely walk . down in the parking lot he see man and woman argue near a truck . they look like they just come from a heavy metal show . he unlock the door to he room . int . forrest 's shitty motel room - continuous 79 he enter the room . he switch on the tv . that same movie be on . he switch through channel until he land on the news . weather report . he take off he jacket and hang it in the closet . something on the news catch he attention . buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 4ea . news anchor we go now to Dallas , Texas , where police from multiple state have trace a string of dozen of bank robbery across multiple state to a band of highly skilled robber . make this crime spree even more unprecedented ? this suspect a little bit older than you average criminal . yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) 49 . forrest move to the edge of the bed so as to see the tv better ... ecu on tv : John hunt and Lt. Kelley be be interview . JOHN hunt yeah , we have get they figure somewhere between sixty and seventy year old . we call ‘em the over - the- Hill gang . reporter good name . JOHN hunt thanks . I come up with it . the camera show a group of detective all gather together in a conference room , review case file . a composite sketch be show on screen - a strikingly accurate representation of forrest tucker . pink Rev. ( 3/24/17 ) 50 . JOHN hunt what you see here be we bring in detective from just about every county in the area and some from as far away as albuquerque and Little rock . we have get some gentleman from the FBI here too . we be all just put we head together , compare note , stack up clue ... see if we can not work together to nab this guy . lt . kelley we all grow up play cop and robber . now we come into the office , go out on the street , sometimes it feel like we be do the same thing . it 's all fun and game until they stick a gun in someone 's face and then you remember - we have get a job to do . reporter now , old man , robbing bank - it seem like they would be fairly conspicuous . any idea on how have they get away with it for so long ? JOHN hunt well frankly - this guy have way more experience robbing bank than we do catch they . but I think we be get up to speed . reporter think you will be the one to catch they ? JOHN hunt I be sure any one of this folk here would be happy to do the job , but sure - I will not lie . I have love to finish the job and slap the cuff on they myself . I hope that happen . I hope I have that chance . reporter here 's hope time do not catch up with they before you do . reporter ( cont 'd ) thank you , detective . ahhh ehh ree ahhh hehe ahhh ahhh ae hhh rhe ah 80 81 82 buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 50a . JOHN hunt thank you . camera push in on John hunt 's pixely image on that tv .. ... and then a matching push - in on forrest , who 's stare back at hunt with fire in he eye . he sit there for a while . then he rise . he grab he jacket and put it back on . he walk out of he room . ext . motel / int . teddy' shitty motel room - continuous 80 he walk back down the long walkway . the couple he notice earlier have make up and be make out against the back bumper of the truck . he make it to teddy 's room and knock . the door open . it 's teddy . teddy GREEN back already ? forrest yep . I think about it . teddy GREEN and ? on the tv , a bunch of cowboy unload there pistol . omitted 81 ext . ST . louis STREET / hot car - early morning 82 it 's early morning . 83 84 buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) gil chilly mist billow through the air , obscure everything . waller walk down the street . he 's look for a new car . he try the handle on one , but it 's lock . he find another . look good . be not lock . he get in the car . shut the door . the sound of the outside world fall away . the car window be mist over . waller pries open the steering column with a screwdriver . quickly , delicately , he hotwire the car , strike the ignition wire together . as the car start up , the stereo kick on , blaring something loud and jarring . he quickly turn it off . now the only sound be the car , purring smooth and strong . int . JOHN hunt 's house - morning 83 John hunt and Maureen be in bed , giggle , make out . early morning . the beeper on the bedside table go off . John grab it , look at it , and then set it aside . a moment later , the phone by the bed ring . they both groan . he answer it . JOHN hunt hello ? ( beat ) hey , what 's up ... suddenly he bolt upright . JOHN hunt ( cont 'd ) you have gotta be kid I . ext . / int . ST . louis bank - day 84 that big bank be a crime scene now . lot of people talk , take picture . John hunt walk from the outside in , follow a ST . louis detective ( det . wainwright ) . buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 51a . det . wainwright you can see it on the tape . they just sweep right in , lock step behind the guard , just escort they to the vault . half the people here do not even know it be happen until ... well ... there be break glass on the floor , a trail of money , which distract hunt . detective wainwright pause , notice he 's distract ... det . wainwright ( cont 'd ) detective hunt ? JOHN hunt yeah . det . wainwright this way . another cop say : officer tim who 's this - be this John hunt ? det . wainwright yeah . officer tim you be the talk of the town this morning , detective . they pass a security guard ( clayton ) who be be interview by a police officer ( officer walsh ) ... officer walsh I be sorry to make you go over this so many time , but - first you follow they into the street - security guard clayton yes . officer walsh - and that 's when you fire ? 85 86 goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 52. security guard clayton yeah . like I say . two time ... officer walsh and they fire back ? security guard clayton no sir , no they do not . they just drive away as fast as they could . int . teddy' shitty motel room - day 85 teddy , waller and forrest be all cramme in the bathroom . teddy 's shirt be hike up above he waist . there 's a bloody hole in he side , which waller be in the process of stitching up . forrest be hold a little bottle of whiskey over the wound . forrest ready ? ready ? forrest pour alcohol over the wound and then waller press gauze to improvise suture . teddy breathes through the pain . teddy GREEN take off one of my love handle . waller eh , you still get plenty to work with . int . ST . louis bank - continuous 86 John hunt make it to the vault . it 's clearly be plunder . JOHN hunt gold . det . wainwright gold . JOHN hunt what be they gonna do with gold ? det . wainwright you tell I . they have have get away with it , too , if one of ‘em have not stop to leave this . the detective point t : a plastic evidence baggie . goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 52a . in it be a 100 dollar bill . hunt look at it . written at the top of the bill in small print be the word : 87 88 89 goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 53. to detective JOHN hunt : good luck . sincerely , the over - the - hill gang . ext . country road - day 87 forrest tucker 's cutlass cut across a long beautiful stretch of country road . int . forrest 's car - continuous 88 forrest listen to the news on the radio as he drive . radio news ... the three man enter the vault dress as armored truck driver . report put the amount steal in excess of three hundred thousand dollar . one of the perpetrator be believe to have be injure when a security guard fire on - he shut it off and look to the back seat . .+- where teddy be lay , hand on he side . forrest how you hold up ? teddy GREEN I be all right . ( beat ) we almost do it , do not we ? forrest we do do it . camera track into the trunk , where a huge duffle bag sit alongside forrest 's classic briefcase ... int . forrest 's house - day 89 forrest , waller and forrest sit in forrest 's house . they be look at the content of that bag . a warm glow reflect on they face . 90 91 92 93 buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 54 . waller well . teddy GREEN that 's that , be not it ? forrest that 's that . int . forrest 's house - day 90 waller help teddy to he car . teddy look back to forrest one last time before he shut the door . forrest teddy ... teddy look up . forrest ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . teddy GREEN I 'il see you on the next one . teddy and waller get in they car . forrest watch they drive off . int . waller 's car - day 91 waller drive . teddy sit in the passenger seat , sit back , rest . waller glance at he , and then turn he eye back to the road . camera follow he gaze and turn to the road too . stretch on in front of they . omitted 92 ext . field - day 93 a beautiful day in the country . Green hill , gentle wind . Forest stand at a fence on the edge of jewel 's property , wind rustling he hair as he lean against the slat , look out to the land . 94 buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 54a. jewel be riding out and back again . a silhouette on the horizon , come into focus . she 's a natural rider , know what she 's do . finally she return to the fence , sidling up to forrest and look down at he from above . her cheek be flushed and she 's smile broadly . in she element . jewel you sure you do not want to try ? forrest maybe later . jewel be you scared ? I think this be on you list . forrest oh , still be . she laugh , and head out again . hoove thunder , then diminish . he watch she go . admire she . a little bit enchant . int . dine room - jewel 's house - day 94 jewel be outside the house , take she muddy boot off - forrest can see she through the window . he steal a peek at she open mail on the kitchen table . he see a bill from the bank . he can not make head or tail of it - have never see a mortgage payment in he life - but he take note of the bank name : TEXAS loan & commerce . and below that stack of mail he see the morning 's newspaper with the headline : cop close in on over -the-hill gang . he pick it up to get a closer look . there 's a picture of John hunt there , pose with Lt. Kelley and other detective . jewel return . forrest fold the paper over and set it down . jewel what have you find ? forrest just catch up on the news . he 's not sure if she 's see that article or not . 95 buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 54b . jewel what 's go on with the world ? forrest still turn . she do not mention the article . he do not mention it any further , but he do look down and see John hunt 's picture one more time ... fade to : int . random office - police station - day 95 John hunt sit in a office , opposite three FBI Agents - agent morton and agent rick . agent morton you know the bureau be actually put together to catch guy like this ? agent rick one man war . there be dillinger - who else ? agent morton dillinger and a bunch of other guy like ‘em . agent rick the point be : you have do you part , John . you do a good job . JOHN hunt thank you . agent rick hard part 's over . now it 's the part where we bring this home . JOHN hunt or this be the part where I remember one little clue - one little piece that make the whole thing click into place and you say , thank you John . you crack the case . you catch the bad guy . that 's good work . agent morton you remember something ? 95 a 96 97 98 buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 54c. JOHN hunt no . omitted 95a ext . TEXAS loan & commerce bank - day 96 forrest walk towards a bank . stride right up to it , eye on the prize . the usual routine it seem . int . TEXAS loan & commerce bank - continuous 97 forrest enter the bank . he look around . he find the manager ( mrs . philip ) . still he usual routine . forrest Excuse I . be you the manager ? mrs . philip yes , that 's I . int . TEXAS loan & commerce bank - moment later 98 now they sit in a cubicle on the office floor . turn out it 's not the same routine after all . forrest actually seem nervous . he keep shifting in he seat . mrs . philip you want to take over the mortgage ? forrest I just want to pay for it all up front . mrs . philip well , that could certainly be do , but she would need to come in and sign over the - forrest no , I want to do it like a surprise . mrs . philip I see . buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 54d . forrest I just want to give you some money and she have never know . mrs . philip well , that 's a heck of a Christmas present . so you have a few option . one be you could make a gift to she . the other be she could sign the property over to you and - forrest no , no . I do not want to do that . I just want to pay for it all . I do not want to trouble she with it or for she to know or ... mrs . philip well , she will know one way or another . forrest what if I have the money here right now ? mrs . philip right now ? forrest yes . mrs . philip you have it ? forrest no . but what if I do ? mrs . philip she would still need to come in and sign off on the paperwork . forrest okay . mrs . philip it would be very easy . just a bit of quick paperwork . forrest but I can not do it right now . mrs . philip no. 99 99a buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 54e . forrest okay . thank you . he get up . as he leave , the bank continue with its day to day activity . we hold on it for a unreasonable amount of time . ext . TEXAS loan & commerce bank - day 99 forrest walk back out of the bank . first time in he life he 's just walk out of a bank with nothing . int . jewelry store / mall later 99r forrest and jewel stand by a jewelry counter at a department store . saleswoman what be you look for today ? she scan the glass display case and they shimmer content . jewel May I see that one ? saleswoman certainly . the salesperson pull out a glittery bracelet . jewel take it and try it on . saleswoman ( cont ’d ) it look beautiful with that jacket . jewel look at herself in the little circular mirror on the counter , and then turn to forrest . jewel what do you think ? forrest look at it , pursing he lip as if form a opinion . then he notice that the salewoman have turn away momentarily to help another customer ... forrest here , step over here , let I see it in the light ... jewel take two step away from the counter buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 54f . ... at which point forrest take she hand and pull her away . they begin to walk . and they keep walk . around the corner , casually , forrest set the pace . Arm in arm . out of the store ... they make it the exit of the department store ... .+. into the rest of the mall . it 's busy . the other shopper pay they no mind . by this point , jewel no longer look aghast . she 's go from shocked to paranoid to excited ... .+.to happy . she laugh . giggle to herself , bite she tongue , and then laugh again in spite of herself . she skip forward suddenly , take the lead , pump full of adrenaline . but then she stop . she look at all the people pass . forrest stop with she . she look at he , and then wordlessly turn back towards the jewelry store . the two of they walk back the way they come . jewel 's pace be more decisive , less anxious . she glance up at forrest and he meet she gaze . he 's get a pretty good idea what she 's think . they make it all the way back to the counter at the store . jewel get the attention of the sale clerk as she unfasten the bracelet . jewel Excuse I , mar ’am ? I be sorry ... I be not think , I just walk off without ... saleswoman oh ! jewel I will take it , though . another glance at forrest . he chuckle , and pull out he wallet . forrest how much ? jewel beam . yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) coe buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 58 . 100 int . forrest 's house - day 100 forrest just enter the house when the telephone ring . forrest hello ? waller 's voice come through on the other end . waller ( 0.s. ) hey . it 's I . buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 58 . 100 int . forrest 's house - day 100 forrest just enter the house when the telephone ring . forrest hello ? waller 's voice come through on the other end . waller ( 0.s. ) hey . it 's I . pink Rev. ( 3/24/17 ) forrest you can not call here . waller ( 0.s. ) I know . forrest where be you ? waller ( 0.s. ) in baja . forrest how be it ? waller ( 0.s. ) I hate it . there 's too much fuck sunshine . ( beat ) listen , have you hear from teddy ? forrest no . waller ( 0.s. ) +. . okay . forrest should I have ? waller ( 0.s. ) probably nothing . I drop he in San antone . he get himself a car and be gonna meet I here on Monday . now it 's Friday and he have not show up . ( beat ) so you have not hear from he . forrest no . waller ( 0.s. ) okay . if you do tell he ... I do not know , tell he I be go to San miguel . and if he do not find I there , he 's on he own . ( beat ) okay ? forrest okay . 59 . Green Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 60 . waller ( 0.s. ) do not worry , bud . I will not call again . forrest enjoy the sunshine . waller ( 0.s. ) Ill try . he hang up . so do forrest . 101 int . captain 's office - police station - day 101 in the captain office , John hunt be be dress down . JOHN hunt you be move I to homicide ? captain calder congratulation . JOHN hunt yeah , but ... captain calder no but . get too many but already today . nothin 's but but . think of it as a step up . JOHN hunt to what ? 102 int . bullpen - police station - continuous 102 John hunt be pack up he desk . Lt. Kelly watch from the other side of the desk lt . kelley do not look so sad , man . i’1l be xight down the hall if you need I . except when I be out have fun . have car chase . wearing disguise . all we usual stuff . but I will come visit you all the time . I will send you letter . Christmas card . valentine ... John hunt grab a stack of mail . there 's a yellow envelope amongst it , the kind you have send a birthday card in . his name be write neatly across the front . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 60a . he slit the envelope open and slide a letter out . but with it come a photograph , which flutter to the floor . he bend to pick it up and freeze . the photograph be of forrest tucker . 103 104 105 a 105 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 61 . younger , smile , pose for the camera with a woman and a baby , but unmistakably he . the same guy he see in the bank . John hunt be electrify . he look around to see if anyone else have see this . Lt. Kelly be not really pay attention . lt . kelley ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? JOHN hunt +. mothing ... he lean over in he chair . look closer at that picture . the sound of a airplane fade in ... ext . airport - morning 103 a airplane touch down at the San Francisco International Airport . int . taxi cab - morning 104 John hunt sit in the back of a cab , watch a new city drift by . the envelope be in he hand . ext . dorothy 's house - day 105a , the cab pull up to a tall blue house . John hunt get out . he go to the door and knock . na woman answer . in she 30 . her name be ... JOHN hunt dorothy ? int . dorothy 's house - day 105 that picture of forrest now sit on a kitchen table . on one side of the table be John hunt . on the other be a dorothy . there be a little boy ( robbie , 4 ) play in the background . JOHN hunt you mind if I record this ? Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 61a . dorothy no , go ahead . he press the red button on a tape recorder . the wheel begin turn . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 62 . JOHN hunt okay . sorry , keep go . dorothy he and my mom be only together for two year . I never meet he , that I can recall . by the time I be bear he be in prison . my brother say he remember he a little bit but ... I do not know if he do or he just think he do . you hear a story and you see a picture and you put the two together and ... ( beat ) she tell we all sort of storey about he and they never really add up , but we be kid so ... if he be sailing the high seas one year and off to war the next it really do not make any difference . that be just dad . he be off do stuff and someday he have come back to see we . but then when I be fifteen , I guess he be gonna get parole so she sit we down and tell we the truth , just in case he ever come look for we . which he never do . so ... she shrug . JOHN hunt never call or write ? dorothy nope . I mean , he might not even know I exist , for all I know . JOHN hunt and he 's a grandpa . dorothy yep . guess he be . JOHN hunt what 's he name ? dorothy that 's Robbie . you want to come say hi Robbie ? JOHN hunt I get a little boy about he age . goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 63 . dorothy so be you gonna catch he ? JOHN hunt I be work on it . dorothy if you do - I do not want to see he or have to come in to pick he out of a lineup . be that okay ? JOHN hunt yeah . dorothy I do not expect you to come all the way here or anything . I just see the draw in the paper and think : well , that look like my dad . and I think he should be lock up . mama say , he have always tell she , oh , I be a change - man . but then he have always get out and go do it all over again . and again . and again . and even after all that - she love he till the day she die . ( beat ) but he just look the other way . you know ? hold on dorothy 's face . 106 int . marin county da 's office - afternoon 106 a assistant da ( stephen beckley , JR . esquire III ) lead John through a office , mostly close for the afternoon . he 's carry a big cardboard BOX . beckley I have hang onto all this ever since I represent he . figure I might write a book about it someday ... or just tell my grandkid . he make for a good story any way you tell it . 107 int . marin county da 's office - moment later 107 that cardboard box slam down on a desk . a label on top of it read tucker , forrest . ahhh rh goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 63a. he open the box , pull out a file and set it down in front of John . John hunt open the file . stare back at he , be forrest tucker 's face , in mug-shot form . 108 109 goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 64 . beckley that the man you be look for ? JOHN hunt I believe it be . he shuffles through the file , make he way backwards . JOHN hunt ( cont 'd ) bicycle theft . Age 13 . he get a early start . beckley yeah . spend he whole life lock up . except for the time he break out . back to the present , as John hunt find a picture of local law enforcement gather around the rub-a-dub-dub . beckley ( cont ’d ) sixteen successful escape and a whole bunch more that be less do not work out quite so well . he 'il tell you all about ‘em you ever meet he . he will tell you every detail of every adventure he 's ever have , and probably some he do not . ext . highway - flashback 108 the roar of the open road . yellow stripe zoom down the middle of the road . the same image we glimpse before . a gray 1955 chevy race down the blacktop . open field on all side . int . marin county da 's office - continuous 109 back to the present . JOHN hunt sound like he waste a lot of opportunity . beckley well , find something that make you happy ... goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 64a. hunt keep go . one mug-shot after another , each one a bit young . it 's like he 's time travel backwards through forrest 's life ... 110 il goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 65 . beckley ( cont ’d ) I get put on he case after he get catch in Montana . there be a robbery , which be to be expect , and a chase , which I learn be also not unusual . and he get catch , because he always get catch . now , the cop say that when they get to the showdown — he open fire on they . he claim he do not even have a gun , that it be he car backfire . which I believe be maybe half - true . he always have a gun on he but if you tell I he have never fire it in he life , I would believe you . I remember , I sit down with he once and say , forrest : surely there 's a better way for a man in you position to make a live . and he say : brother , I be not talk about make a live . I be just talk about live . against some of this dialogue we see the follow : int . 1955 chevy - flashback 110 forrest be drive , look happy as can be . he look into the rearview mirror and see ... police car . a entire phalanx of they , probably ten or twenty . they light flash through the dust on the road . they look a little like ufo . he wipe the sweat off he brow and squint against the harsh sunlight , and then he laugh . ext . highway / field - flashback continuous ill he veer off the highway , onto a little dirt farm road cut through a field . the car bump wildly . it hit a ditch and in the tremendous jolt , the trunk fly OPEN . cold hard cash fly from out of the trunk . it flutter in the air like confetti - a cloud of green exhaust . goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 65a . 112 int . 1955 chevy - flashback continuous 112 forrest look at this in dismay - that 's a mighty stash lose to the wind back there . but he keep go .. 113 114 115 116 117 Blue Rev. ( 3/10/17 ) 66 . ext . field / road - flashback continuous 113 forrest also turn , off the dirt road and back onto pavement on the opposite side of the field . he step on the gas ... int . 1955 chevy - flashback continuous 114 ..- but that 's when he see the state trooper car on the highway in front of he . pull into formation , form a blockade . they have get a spike chain in the road and everything . he slam on the brake , give the wheel a epic spin ... ext . road - flashback continuous 115 + + only to see the other cop car pour out of the field , off that same dirt road , a few stray hundred trail after they . int . / ext . 1955 chevy - flashback continuous 116 it 's the end of the line for old forrest . which be exactly what the sheriff shout into a megaphone from 50 foot away . sheriff end of the line , forrest tucker . forrest agree . he throw he car in park . and then he get out . ext . road - flashback continuous 117 every cop instantly pull they gun . the sound of a thousand gun be pull . a million kerchack . forrest grin . he get out of the car ..- lift he hand high ... ..- but then he form a gun with he finger ... ..- point it ... :+ and pull the invisible trigger . 118 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 67 . int . JOHN hunt 's house - night 118 back to the present . John hunt unlock the door and return home . he peek into the kid room . they be asleep . he go into the kitchen and open the fridge and take out a beer . there 's a clock radio on the counter and he hit it , shuffle past the news until he find some music . he sit there in the dark have a drink and listen to music , and then Maureen emerge from the bedroom . maureen you find he ? JOHN hunt sorta . maureen what 's that mean ? JOHN hunt I find out who he be . maureen and ? JOHN hunt he 's a guy . who 's old . but use to be young . and he really like robbing bank . maureen that 's it ? JOHN hunt that 's it . maureen just like you be a guy who 's a cop who 's gonna catch he ? John hunt grin and set he beer down and crank up the radio . maureen ( cont 'd ) it 's late . Green Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 67a . JOHN hunt not that late . maureen the kid be asleep . JOHN hunt they be fine . let 's go out . maureen what ? JOHN hunt can we get a babysitter ? maureen it 's one in the morning ... JOHN hunt so ? he take she in he arm and start to dance with she , right there in the kitchen . maureen what 's up with you ? JOHN hunt I be just feel like ... I do not know what I be feel . I be just feel something . maureen do not you need to call someone ? Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 68 . JOHN hunt for what ? maureen to tell ‘em you know who he be ? JOHN hunt tomorrow . i’1l tell they tomorrow . tonight he 's all mine . she laugh and they keep dance . fade to black . hold on black . 119 int . blue jay cafe - night 119 the door chime . John hunt and Maureen walk into a very familiar- look diner . they head to the counter , pass the waitress at the checkout stand . waitress give I a second and we will find a table for you ... JOHN hunt can we just sit at the counter there ? waitress absolutely . they sit down . JOHN hunt be this where we sit ? maureen I think it be that one . JOHN hunt Close enough . camera zoom past they .... +..to find forrest and jewel sit in they usual booth . he see John hunt and be momentarily distract . jewel hey ... Green Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 68a . forrest hmmm ? jewel you look like you have drift off to space . forrest nod . forrest you wanna get out of here ? jewel we just order . forrest no , I mean , like really get out of here . take a trip somewhere . jewel like what , a vacation ? forrest yeah . jewel be not sure how to take this . jewel oh ... I do not know . I have get the animal to take care of and - forrest but say that 's not a problem . would you want to ? jewel ( with a smile ) maybe . forrest okay . and do not worry - we can get out of here too . a short while later , John and Maureen be drink milkshake like two teenager out on a first date at a soda counter . maureen I have this idea in my head that when you walk through the door , everyone be gonna stand up and give you a round of applause . ( more ) Green Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 68b . maureen ( cont 'd ) and you would walk down the aisle all proud , sorta like - when I be little I would be write a book report - JOHN hunt why 's it always come back to you and book report ? how many book report do you write in school ? maureen - and I have imagine that there would be a little stage for I to stand on and the whole class would clap at the end . but no one care . there be no stage and I just get up and read it and sit down and I do a good job and the day go on . 120 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 69 . JOHN hunt well , that 's sad . and I get news for you . everyone clapped . for I . everyone clapped for I . maureen well good for you . JOHN hunt yep . how 's this taste ? maureen good . JOHN hunt lemme try , I do not like mine . he use he straw to take a sip of Maureen 's milkshake . when he pull it out get ice cream all over he shirt and tie . she laugh . int . vestibule / blue jay cafe - night 120 John hunt be in the vestibule just outside of the man 's room , look at the mirror on the wall , try to straighten he tie , which he 's just wash . forrest hey , do not I see you on tv ? John hunt turn and look to he right and see ... .+. forrest tucker , stand there in front of he . dress in one of he flawless suit . cool as a cucumber . yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) 70 . John hunt look like he 's see a ghost . he recognize forrest ... ... but forrest do not realize this . JOHN hunt maybe . forrest I think so . with the - what do you call they - the gang , the over the Hill gang . JOHN hunt yep . forrest you catch ‘em ? JOHN hunt not yet . forrest you close ? JOHN hunt get there . forrest can I help you with that ? it take John a moment to realize that forrest be talk about he tie . forrest have a twinkle in he eye as he reach out , grab the tie and make quick work of it , undoing the bad knot already in place and quickly rework it , completely unaware that John hunt know exactly who he be . forrest ( cont 'd ) learned how to do this in Catholic school . forrest tighten the knot . forrest ( cont 'd ) there you go . look sharp . you get a gal with you ? JOHN hunt yeah . yeah , I do . my wife . ahhh of * 121 Green Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 0a . forrest in my experience , look sharp 's 1l get you a long way . you will look like you know exactly what you be do . even when you do not . he pat John on the shoulder and head into the man 's room . just before the door shut ... JOHN hunt forrest tucker . forrest turn . JOHN hunt ( cont 'd ) I know who you be . forrest regards he for a moment , and then shut the door . John hunt stand there for a moment ... :+- and then snap out of he momentary daze and leave . int . blue jay cafe - continuous 121 John hunt walk out of the vestibule just in time to see the front door close , with its little bell chime . forrest and jewel be nowhere to be see . he sit down at the counter for a second . put he head in he hand and scrunches up he face like he have brainfreeze . maureen what be it ? JOHN hunt fer eee maureen what ? John sit up , practically bleary - eye , and look towards the restroom door . forrest still have not emerge . John hunt steel up some deeply roote sense of righteousness , get up from the table with fist ball up . he head back ... 121a 121b 122 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 70b . int . vestibule / blue jay cafe - continuous 121a into the vestibule , where he open the Men 's room door , only to find ... it 's empty . forrest have fly the coop . John look to he leave . past the woman 's room to ... the back exit . he hurry out , push the door open and step into ... ext . back parking lot / blue jay cafe - continuous 121b he stand there in the back , under the solitary street light . he 's completely alone . no sign of forrest anywhere . int . / ext . forrest 's car - night 122 Forest and jewel be drive now . silently . 123 124 125 126 127 pink Rev. ( 3/24/17 ) 7. jewel be watch forrest . wonder . he glance she way and catch she . she do not look down . then he step on the gas . his car shoot exuberantly down the North Texas highway . ext . gas station - night 123 forrest fill up the gas tank . he go to the little convenience store to pay . while she wait , jewel glance at the glove compartment . she open it and see the gun in there she stare at it . her face tighten a bit . she shut the glove compartment again before he return . ext . jewel 's house - night 124 forrest pull up outside jewel 's house . any conversation or farewell or plan for future date have already transpire . no more word necessary . she get out of the car and slowly walk up to the front door . she stop here and there en route , turn around , look back at forrest , just to see if he really be stay where he be . eventually , she make it to she front door . she unlock it , go inside and slowly , gently close it , keep a eye on forrest the whole time int . jewel 's house - continuous 125 jewel shut and lock the door . she lean against it for a moment , think about what 's just transpire . int . forrest 's car - continuous 126 forrest be maybe have a similar think . int . jewel 's house - continuous 127 jewel wait a moment more . she can hear he engine idling outside . she open the door again ... pink Rev. ( 3/24/17 ) 71a . ...to find forrest stride towards she . 128 129 130 buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 72. he walk right up to she and they kiss . the light from the house and the barn across the drive cast they in silhucette . a romantic moment , cloak in mystery . still , no word be exchange . he pull away . his face come into the light . he 's confident , assure . she be not . but if he recognize this , he do not acknowledge it . instead , ever the gentleman , he tip he hat and stride away . the engine start up , the car pull away . Red tailight on she face . the door shut for good . int . jewel 's house - continuous 128 jewel walk deeper into the house . she go to the stove and pick up the tea kettle . she go to the sink and put it under the faucet and turn it on . she 's so lose in think that she do not even notice that the water be overflowing . she set it down on the burner and then walk over to she table . she sit down there and look out the window . int . forrest 's car - night 129 forrest drive home . he roll down the window . letting the breeze ripple through he hair once more . ext . forrest 's house - night 130 forrest pull up to he house . as he 's get out of the car , he look up at the house . something be not right . teddy be sit on the front porch . he stand as forrest notice he . buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 72n . forrest be confuse . he smile a little bit and be about to open he mouth to say something . and then a light turn on behind he . FBI agent summer forrest tucker , you be under arrest . get out of the car ! 131 132 133 buff Rev. ( 5/8/17 ) 73. the house be surround by FBI agent . they be emerge from the shadow , get out of unmark car , come from around the side of the house . FBI agent summer ( cont ’d ) get out of the car with you hand up now ! teddy be aghast . there be agent rush up to the porch , slapping handcuffs on he ... forrest duck back into the car and keys the ignition . FBI agent summer ( cont ’d ) stop ! do not - his engine backfire . ext . neighborhood - continuous 131 a block away . gunfire erupt in the distance . then the sound of a screeching car . a moment later and forrest 's car , perforate with bullet hole on one side , zoom past US . int . forrest 's car - continuous 132 forrest drive as fast as he can . swerve around corner . he can hear siren behind he . somehow he manage to evade they . he look down . there 's blood come from somewhere . he 's be hit in the arm . his front windshield be splinter from the gunfire . he can not see . the view out the window be a kaleidoscope of light and shadow . ext . forrest 's car - continuous 133 he pull onto a busy road and quickly swerve over to the shoulder . he do not waste a beat . he grab he gun from the glove compartment and get out of the car . 134 135 pink Rev. ( 3/24/17 ) 74 . ext . forrest 's car / busy STREET - continuous 134 he step into oncoming traffic and wave down the first car he see . the headlight flood around he . it 's a shitty old honda . a woman ( sandy ) be behind the wheel ¥* and she 8 - year old son buckle into the backseat . she see the blood on he . sandy * oh my god , be you - what on earth happen ? be you hurt ? forrest think fast . even as she 's try to process the sight of this old man , forrest be walk towards she , around to the passenger side ... forrest I need a ride , please , mar ’am . I need to get to a hospital . he open the door and shut the passenger seat and pull the door shut . sandy * oh - okay ... do you ... oh my god ... she see he gun now . she step on the gas . * int . / ext . honda - continuous 135 as they speed off down the road , Sandy notice the siren * ringing all around she . she look to forrest , who 's crouching down extremely low in she seat . too low for anyone else to see . she begin to realize exactly what 's go on . her eye fill with tear . sandy * please ... my boy ... it take forrest a moment to process this word . then it occur to he to look into the backseat . for the first time , he see the little boy back there . scrunch nervously in the corner , a few toy car spread out on the seat beside he . the boy meet he gaze dead on . 136 137 138 139 140 pink Rev. ( 3/24/17 ) 75 . after a moment , forrest turn back to the front , face the open road ahead . forrest okay . pull over here . ext . store - night 136 the Honda drive away , leave Sandy and she son in front of a well - light grocery store . the tail light recede on they face . int . honda - night 137 the Honda be park somewhere now . somewhere like a parking lot , on the side of a building . forrest take he tie and wrap he arm with it , pull it tight . wincing as he do so . int . honda - later 138 forrest drive . the sound of Jackson c. Frank 's blue run the game come on . jackson c. frank take a boat to England , baby , take a boat to Spain where I have be and go wherever I have be and go wherever I have be the blue remain the same the song continue as he drive ... ext . country road - night 139 down the country road . headlights cut through the distance . the sky be start to turn blue with the come dawn . ext . jewel 's house - dawn 140 he pull up to jewel 's house . 141 142 Blue Rev. ( 3/10/17 ) 76 . get out , go to the front door . tries the handle . it 's lock . he raise he hand to knock ... ... and then freeze . his hand drop . he stand there on the porch for a moment . look around , try to decide what to do next . int . stable - continuous 141 he enter the stable and walk up to one of the horse . dorothy Jean . he stroke she nose , whisper to she . she toss she head and neigh at he . ext . stable - moment later 142 he ride she out of the stable , out into the pasture . he have a blanket pull from the stable wrap around he back . the sun be just beginning to come up . that Jackson c. Frank song be still go as he ride dorothy Jean across the roll field of jewel 's land . it seem to stretch out forever . eventually he get to a section of the wire fence that 's torn down and ride through it . he ride down the center of a dry up river bed . follow its bend . then he climb out of it and ride to the top of a hill . from here he can look out and see the land around he . it seem like he 's be riding much longer than he have . feel like he should not be able to see where he come from . but no , he can still see jewel 's house , like a tiny miniature , way down in the distance . and he can see the road ... 143 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 77 . ..- and the line of police car drive down it . six or seven of they , light flash , head towards jewel 's house . he stop riding and watch they come . the song come to a end . fade to black . int . bedroom - JOHN hunt 's house - night 143 Maureen be in bed . she can hear John hunt in the kitchen , talk on the phone . JOHN hunt ( 0.c . ) be he okay ? ( beat ) yes . yeah , I understand . thanks for let I know . goodnight . she hear the phone click . hunt climb in beside she , as quietly as he can . maureen ( sleepily ) what happen ? her voice have the sing - song quality of someone who 's not quite awake . JOHN hunt well . they catch he . maureen they do ? JOHN hunt yeah . maureen how ? JOHN hunt they find one guy , and that guy lead they to the next guy , and the next guy lead they right to he front door . maureen now what ? ahh * ae Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) tia . JOHN hunt well . I guess he 's gonna go to prison . maureen hmmmm . that 's too bad . not what hunt be expect to hear . he lean back . ponder this . 144 145 pink Rev. ( 3/24/17 ) 78 . JOHN hunt yeah , I guess so . maureen I be sorry you do not catch he . JOHN hunt do not be . int . hospital - day 144 forrest lie in a hospital bed , in a room watch by a police officer . he look rough . all bandage up , with a tube in he nose . some machine beep away in the background . he 's just conscious enough to see John hunt enter . there 's no need for word . it 's pretty clear forrest be not in any shape to hold a conversation anyway . instead , John hunt open he wallet , pull out a 100 dollar bill and set it on forrest 's bedside table . camera push in on the bill . fade to : int . prison meeting area - day 145 now jewel sit in a prison meeting area . a little table , light in equal part by fluorescent and sunlight . Brick wall , a candy machine . forrest sit opposite she . look old and dishevel . slump in a wheelchair . his prison garb hang loosely from he body . he appear very small . jewel so you lie to I about you name . he nod he head . jewel ( cont 'd ) but I guess you tell I the truth about everything else , so ... I should not be so angry . forrest I figure you know . yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) 79 . jewel the detective ask I that . if I know . or if I have have even the faintest a clue . forrest what would you say ? jewel I say of course not . forrest I be sorry . jewel I too . a long beat . jewel ( cont 'd ) you have so much money . they say they pull almost half a million dollar out of you floorboard ? what be you go to do with it ? why on earth would you keep on ... her voice trail off . he shrug , and then pull something out of he pocket and give it to she . it 's a few page of line notebook paper , fold up like a letter . forrest I write this up for you . she take it and unfold it . it 's a list . jewel what be it ? forrest this be all the time I have break out before . jewel put on she glass and begin to read this catalog of great escape . each one be numbered , with a year and a location . a impressive record of a life spend abscond . jewel put on she glass and begin to read ... yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) 79a . eventually , she reach the end of the list , but there 's one more page . she turn it . there 's a number 17 . and it 's space be blank . 145 a 146 147 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 80 . jewel what 's this ? forrest I be save the best for last . he wink . she set the list down . jewel maybe ... maybe you should just stay put . she put she hand on he . fade to black . int . police station - captain 's office - day 145 a surprise mystery scene with Captain and John hunt ! int . prison tailor - day 146 two weathered hand work the button of the shirt on a cheap yellow prison jacket . the kind give to all prisoner upon they release . some year later camera find forrest 's face in the mirror . time have catch up with he , and then some . ext . prison - front gate 147 forrest step out the front gate of the prison . officially - and , for the first time in he life , legitimately - a free man . he walk forward . he 's get a cane now to help support himself . he squint . not use to the light , or the wide - open world . then he find something to focus on . jewel stand there wait for he . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 80a . 148 int . jewel 's car - day 148 jewel drive . forrest sit beside she , look at the world go by . 149 150 151 pink Rev. ( 3/24/17 ) 81. ext . jewel 's house - day 149 they pull up to jewel 's house . forrest get out . forrest this the same place ? jewel same as ever . forrest it look different . jewel 's dog trot out to they . the same dog , older , unable to run the way he use to . int . jewel 's house - day 150 he enter the house . they be take thing slowly . he set he suitcase down . he see a big frame photo of jewel 's horse on the wall . forrest what about that guy ? jewel they be go . just I and indy now . for some reason , that take the wind out of he sail a bit . int . guest bedroom - jewel 's house - day 151 Forest sit down on the bed . jewel sit down on the other side . in profile to he . jewel my bedroom 's right across the hall . if you need anything . forrest thank you . jewel you can stay as long as you want . he lean forward , arm rest on he knee . she sit down next to he . 151a 152 153 154 yellow Rev. ( 4/4/17 ) 82 . jewel ( cont 'd ) I be glad you call I . forrest I be glad you pick up . int . jewel 's house - day 151a forrest stand on the staircase . the wall that be completely stripped last time he be here have be re-wallpaper ... .++ all except for one square , where the homebuilder 's name be still expose . a few scratch of pencil , 100 year old . proof of a job well do . int . jewel 's house - day 152 forrest try to pick out a melody on the piano . indy lay next to he , try to rest with eye open in that way old dog do . int . live room - day 153 forrest sit at a desk by a window . outside bird be chirping and flowers be bloom . he put some paper into a typewriter , roll it forward . he type a few sentence . this be the story of the great bank robber in ... he stop and look out the window . it 's now snowing . he look at he hand as they hover over the keyboard . they ' tremble . int . doctor' office - day 154 ecu : forrest 's hand , still trembling . Doctor gerry bischoff , md take he hand and gently apply pressure to each finger , each joint . doctor gerry do you feel anything there ? forrest no . doctor gerry no pain or discomfort ? 155 pink Rev. ( 3/24/17 ) 82a. forrest I do not think so . it 's just ... doctor gerry we can do some x-ray , but I think what you be look at be typical osteoarthritis . this be relatively normal at you age . it 's just a sign of wear and tear . forrest look perturb . this should not be perfectly normal . int . movie theater - night 155 forrest and jewel sit together in a movie theater . beam of light shoot over they head . forrest sink into he chair a little bit , the screen twinkle in he eye . for a moment he 's a little kid again , watch gangster movie in the theater . watch Jimmy cagney drive a fancy car , see laurence tierney pack two pistol . * ahh 156 157 158 159 pink Rev. ( 3/24/17 ) 83. he turn and catch jewel look at he , eye shine in the dark . * ext . movie theater - afternoon 156 forrest and jewel leave the movie theater . they have only walk a little way down the street when forrest spot a armore truck pull away from a nearby bank . int . bedroom - night 157 forrest sit down on the bed with a phone book . he lick he thumb and begin to page through it . then he pick up the telephone and dial a number . int . JOHN hunt 's house - continuous 158 Maureen answer the telephone as a teenaged tyler rummages through the kitchen in the background . maureen hello ? forrest ( v.o. ) hello ... be John hunt in ? maureen he 's still at the office , can I ask * give he a message ? * forrest ( v.0 . ) * * he 's at the station ? maureen * no , no , he have not - he 's at the * da 's office now . can I ask who 's * call ? * int . bedroom - continuous 159 forrest I will try he at the office . thank * you . * * he hang up . he do not notice jewel in the doorway behind he . pink Rev. ( 3/24/17 ) 83a. 160 ext . neighborhood - day 160 forrest and jewel take a early evening walk down the street . Autumn be set in , and a wind blow the leave about they . 161 162 pink Rev. ( 3/24/17 ) 84. they walk for a while , to the end of the block , a long dolly shot , and then forrest stop for a moment , stare out ahead of they like he see something head he way . int . jewel 's house - day 161 jewel be asleep . take a nap . forrest 's hand touch hers . forrest jewel . wake up . she stir , and awaken to see he kneel beside she . forrest ( cont 'd ) I be gonna go out for a bit . you need anything ? she smile sleepily . jewel no . how long will you be go ? forrest not long . int . JOHN hunt 's office - continuous 162 we find JOHN hunt now . a little bit older . a little bit grayer . he sit in a glass - wall office high above the city . his phone ring . JOHN hunt John hunt here . forrest ( v.o. ) hey John . JOHN hunt yep . who 's this ? a long pause . 163 goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 85 . a gleam appear in John hunt 's eye . JOHN hunt ( cont 'd ) forrest tucker , be that you ? ( beat ) I hear you get out . forrest I be out all right . JOHN hunt I keep wait to hear that you would fly the coop but nothing . what happen , you get tired of climb fence and digging tunnel ? forrest I think I be , but ... his voice trail out . JOHN hunt well , I be glad you be out . you do good ? a long , long pause . JOHN hunt ( cont 'd ) forrest ? you okay ? forrest I be about to be . with that , he hang up the phone . ext . payphone - continuous 163 he put on he hat and walk away from the payphone and cross the STREET ... ... head straight towards a bank . he disappear through the door . camera hold on the bank for a long time . gradually , we begin to push in . there 's the faintest sound of commotion on the inside . we keep push , push ... towards the front door . ahhh * goldenrod Rev. ( 4/30/17 ) 86 . and then , at the last second , the door open , forrest tucker run out and ... CUT to black the end '' 2017 willow and oak , inc . all rights reserve . no portion of this script may be performed , ur aaa koe aur the ous reat cn nlu uo mous cp van rsl ao a org luc reco soe ene ) ne ) ge [ nea seem SE onaReaarre one el pua ae ane www.foxsearchlight.com / award , ore