path of @ lory screenplay by stanley kubrick and Jim Thompson property of Harris - kubrick picture Corporation for educational purpose only cast of principal character colonel dax.. secsccecceeees Commander of the 18st regiment , a handsome man in he thirty - vigorous and tan by the weather , general rousseau . .sseceesee Commander of the fourth division , of which the 181st regiment isa part . he 1s a friendly look man in he fifty , . general broulard ... seseeee+ . corpes Commander , responsible for the fourth division , a trim , wiry old man with watery eye , some cf the officer and men of the 181st regiment ue the 1 glst regiment corporal paris ... ccscsesese a athletic man in he late twenty who be involved in a feud with he Lieutenant . : private arnaud . secesoeceesee a tall , scholarly look mn with steel - rimmed glass , who suffer the separation from he family . private perol ... eccseseseoeeh bushy hadre , giant with a irritate penchant for practical joke . lieutenant roget .ceeecceoeeeh puffy -face coward who one might easily dislike on first sight . captain renouart .eseseeseee a young minute grace by a kind of good look that seem almost feminine . friend of Colonel dax ; over= burden by a sense of guilt . captain sanoy . . cesesscccscacd prissy -look man who harbor a ineredible dislike for private ferol . lieutenant jonnart , ..... 2... 4n act company commander , captain herbillion..eeess adc to Colonel dax , major saint-auban..eesceses adc to General rousseau , major couderc ... seveeccece member of rousseau 's staff . colonel do guerville ........ member of General broulard 's starr . major vignon ... cevccoseess commander of ist battalion , captain nichol ....es0.0.0.. artillery spotter . captain pelletier .....0+.... commnder of artillery battery . superimposed title : for a few second : " France 1915 " ext , various angle - staff car - day drenched in the dazzle clear sunlight of a spring day , @ gleam black staff - car wind its way along the back road of the roll french countryside . a old grizzle farmer look up from plow . a child wave from a break porch swing . redrcheek , pregnant , peasant girl idly watch the car pasa nearby . dissolve : ext , elegant country estate - day the headquarters of general rousseau , it be a lovely , gracious place surround by well - keep tall hedge , graceful willow tree and a sloping grassy lawn of enormous bweep , the staff - car swerve up the wind gravel drive lead to the entrance , everywhere in evidence be the restrain bustle connect with a military headquarters , smartly uniform ' guard ; small .uroup of officer arrive and depart ; dispatch rider converse with each other in hushed tone . wait for the etaff - car be general rousseaux two aide , major saint - auban and couderc , they politely greet the occupant of the car , army commander general broulard , a trim , wiry old man with watery eye , and he aide , colonel do guervilie , a. fat , tall man in he middle forty . the chauffeur hop out to open the door , maj , saint - auban ( salute ) good afternoon , General broulard , Major Saint -auban , of General rousseau 's staff , and this be Major couderc , gen , broulard ( exite car ) how do you do , gentleman . this 1s Colonel de guervilie . ( continued ) - 2 - ( continued ) col , do querville gentlemen , they ail stand uneasily at a loss for small talk . maj . couderc ( nervously ) I hope you trip be pleasant , generel . gen . broulard ( straighten he jacket ) thank you , Colonel , it be quite enjoyable ... yes , the country 's quite beautiful this time of year , maj , saint - auban well , if you would like to come in - side , sir , General rousseau be await you in he office , dissolve : int , plush salon - day which have be convert into general rousseau be office , there be map everywhere ; on the wall , spread on the table , fold on chair and stack on shelf . the room be richly furnish in Louis XV , with thick carpet , fine painting and everywhere grace with art object of @ 11 kind . general broulard wander about the room admiringly . general rousseau pack he pipe , think - fully . he be a friendly look man , in he fifty . somewhat of a cat and mouse game appear to be in progress . gen , broulard Paul , you have do a wonderful gob on this room , gen , rousseau you be very kind , George , but it 's really pretty mich the way I find it when the blanchard evacuate the place . I my have add 4 touch here and there but nothing really important , ( continued ) ( continued - 1 ) gen , broulard well , Paul , say what you will , but t prefer to believe that you taste in carpet and pic - ture be second to none . gen . roussea ( play the game thank you -- I do think it 's important -- I mean the place @ want work , the way it look . the atmosphere of the room have a effect on the man who work in it . general broulard scrutinize a elegant vase rest on &@ marble table top . smiling to himself , he look up brightly and cross the room to general rousseaux desk , seating himself comfortably in a leather chair , gen , brouiard ( complete change of tone ) Paul , I have come to see you about something big , it 's top seoret and it must not go further than you chief of staff , and not to he unless you can trust he discretion . gen . rousseau of course . gen , broulard a group of army be form on this front for a offensive in about three week , joffre be determine to make a complete breakthrough . the latest word seem to be that the Americans be not come into the war . apparently they do not seem to mind have they ship torpedoed , so it look as though we will not be get any help , at least not very boon , anyway . why be you smile ? gen , rousseau oh , forgive I , go on , please . ( continued ) ( continued - 2 ) gen , broulard no , really , I know it 's silly but I wish you would tell I what you be smile at , gen , rousseau I be really sorry , I do not mean to be rude . I just think for a@ moment that I imew what you be about to say . please go on . gen , broulard ( pleasantly ) I never know you be a mind reader -- what do you think I be about to say ? gen , rousseau ( tentatively ) something about the ant hi11 ? gen . broulard you be a mind reader , Paul . gen . rousseau not really . it be a key position , it 's in my sector -~ and further - more , to be perfectly honest , I have hear some talk . you know nothing 's really a secret at headquarters . general broulard study general rousseau for a moment , then he smile pleasantly . gen , broulard well what do you think ? gen , rousseau about what ? gen . broulard about the ant hi11 ? gen , rousseau I suppose just about the same sort of thing that everyone else think about it . it 's the key to the whole german position in this sector . ( continue ) ( continued ) ( continued - 3 ) gen , rousseau ( cont would ) that 's not news to anyone , I be sure . it 's a miniature gibralter , the Germans nave heid onto it for over a year , and I dare say that they know what 1t 's worth , too . they have put a lot of work into see that we do not take it away from they , gen , broulard ( solemnly ) I see joffre yesterday , he give I formal order to take the ant Hill no later than the tenth . that 's day after tomorrow , ( gen , rousseau ) smile patronizingly I do not want to be disrespestful to the old . boy but that kind of , ' I want 1t no later than the tenth , ! stuff come very close to be ridiculous , do not you think ? gen , broulard ( dtsappoint I do not imagine I would here if I really think that . look , Paul , we all know it 's not go to be a picnic -- but then no one ever say it would , rousseau smile at he , politely . broulard return the smile and turn he attention to a ivory letter-opener . gen , broulard I have entrust this job to sorel and swann already and they have fail both time , [ if there 's one minute in this arny who can do this for I , it 's you , Paul . I would have call on you first but you be up to you neck at souchez , . gen , rousseau you be very flatter , George , but really , it 's out of the question -- absolutely out of ccontinue ) ( continued ) a ( continued - 4 ) gen , rousseau ( cont would ) the question . my division be cut to piece . what 's leave of it 1s in no cormdition to even hold the ant Hill , let alone take it . I be sorry but that 's the truth , at least in oy opinion , broulard get out of he chair and walk to the window , he pick at a fleck of paint on the glass . gen , broulard I be sorry to hear you talk this way . what I mean be , that as you friend -- I should not want to see anything like this , no matter how genuine it might be -- gen . rousseau ( pleasantly ) what be you try to say , George ? gen . broulard well , let 's be honest with each other , we alwaye have be , and there 's no reason why we should start do thing any differently now . you have get a right to know , or perhaps I should say , as a friend I have a right to tell you . broulard face around . his eye fairly sparkle . gen , broulard the talk about headquarters be that you be be consider for the twelfth corps - and with that , another star . now we both know that you have get a good enough record to be able to refuse this order on the grounds you have state . no one would que - tion you decision and they would get someone else to do the job . but then you know the way talk start about a thing like that . of course it 's always by that rear echelon commando who wet they pants when @ oar backfire -- but they have get mouth , and they have get dirty gossipy mind , ( continued ) ( continued - 5 ) rousseau smoothes back he hair , nervously . he move to & smll bar , . gen , rousseau would you like some cognac ? gen , broulard no thanks , I try not to start before dinner , in fact the doctor have be try to get I to lay off the stuff com - pletely . rousseau pour himself a brandy , replace the cap of the bottle with great precision . he drain the snifter slowly . he look at broulard with a idle expression that seem to say , " all right , let 's suppose I be interested , what 's the next move ? " gen , rousseau you be awfully clever , George . but then you always have be , gen , broulard ( smile ) but not clever enough , apparently . a little transparent there at the end , I be confident you judge - ment would not be sway by a appeal to you ambition , no mtter how valid 14t might be . but you can not blame I for try , frankly , I would have be disappointed if you have not see right through I . gen , rousseau ( solemly ) well , I do not think I have to be ashamed of the fact that I have @ normal amount of ambition -- and that naturally I be concerned about my reputation at headquarters , but there be other consideration , I be responsible for the life of eight thousand man . gen , broulard ( kmow rousseau be hook ) of course you be , and I know you would not tackle a thing unlesa you be sure that you be do right ( continue ) ( continued ) ( continued ~ 6 ) gen . broulard ( cont would ) by that man , now look -- just suppose for the moment that you be convinced , at least to the point of you conscience be clear , now , if for some unlook for reason the thing do not cone off right -- well , at least you give it you all , the casualty will prove that , you do the best you could . perhaps you division be under strength . perhaps it be tired . its morale be low . perhaps , in retrospect , it might appear they be not really in the best shape to earry the assault . but it be not you idea , you simply do you best to carry out order , and further - more , although I know this be of secondary interest to you , I mst take the risk of anger you by point out that this would not hurt you chance for the twe corps . in fact , it would probably help they , rousseau light up a cigar , first carefully snipping one end with a cutter , gen . rousseau how 's artillery ? gen , broulard all you want . rousseau savor he cigar . gen , rousseau how about replacement , gen , broulard ( hopefully ) we will see what we can do , gen , rousseau when do you see this come off ? gen , broulard no later than day after tomorrow , ( continued ) ( continued - 7 ) rousseau lazily reach across he cluttere desk for the telephone . , , , gen . rousseau {into phone ) ask Major Saint - auban to come in , please . just @ second -- ncover mouthpiece ) what 's the name of you Colonel ? gen , broulard de guerville , gen , rousseau ask Colonel de guerville to come in too , dissolve : ext , country road = day - various angle establish the 1¥ist regiment dispiritedly slogging back to the trenches , they be load down like pack animal , they uniform look as though they have be marinate in mud , the sky in the direction they be march 18 occasionally illuminate by a dim flash of light foliowec a split second later by a dull boom . the tramp of they foot be out of step = and this be accentuate by the irregular clanking and bang of they equipment . there be , ideally , about one thousand man wind along the road in column of four , the head of the column ~ colonel dax and captain renouart colonel dax 1s @ handsome minute in he thirty - vigor - ous and tan by the weather , captain renouart be a young man in he late twenty , grace by the kind of good look that would go into mking a beautiful woman - a elegantly trim moustache complete he face , the two man walk & little apart from the rest and talk in hushed tone , they have be talk before we come upon they . colonel be noticeably annoyed . they speak in low tone so as not to be overhear . ( continued ) ~ 10 - ( continued ~ 1 ) col . dax do you know you real trouble , Captain renouart ? you be ego - tistical . you have get a big head . you be so sure the sun rise and set up there in you noggin you do not even bother to carry match , now let I ask you one question , and believe I I be entirely serious about it . do you think you be God ? capt , renouart id of course I do not , Colonel , col , dax you be not infallible , then ? you be every bit as apt to be wrong a8 any other human be ? capt , renouart firmly I be not farm about the ant Hill . anyone with @ brain in he head would know that -- col , dax and you have get the only brain in the world , they make yours and throw the pattern away ? the rest of we have a skullful of corn - flake , capt , renouart look , I know I do not have that wonderful legal mind of yours , you can twist everything -- col , dax all right , you say it 's impossible . the best military mind in France think it 's possible , but you do not , both time other outfit have be cut to piece . now we be give the job . we be under strength and we be battle weary , it mke no sense at all . capt , renouart right . ( continued ) - lle {continued ~ 2 ) col . dax but what conclusion can we justifiably draw from all of that ? difficult ? -- yes . small chance for success ? -= yes . possibility of great casualty ? -- yes . no apparent reason clear to we ? - =» yes , conclusion ? not very pleasant to look forward to , but definitely not impossible . if we never fight unless we be absolutely sure of -- capt , renouart now you be put word in my mouth , and furthermore you be reduce it all to a absurdity . look , beyond you wonderful erystal clear logic there 's a thing call common sense , and that common sense understanding of the situation say in big bold letter , impossible , senseless , willful murder . col . dax how do you mean , impossible ? like @ dead man walk = a. guy with a bullet through he heart ? something like that ? capt , renouart ( wariiy ) yes . col , dax I know @ mn to do exactly that , he have a hole in he ticker you could not cork with a corncob , but he walk almost three mile , I prove that he do and estab - lished that he wife could not have be near the place he be shot , you see the trouble with common sense be that thing be often not what they seem to be . captain renouart shrug and walk along silently . dax regards renouart , uncomfortably . ( continued ) - 12 - ( continued - 3 ) col , dax very quietly ) look , Edward , I have see too many guy like you not to know the type . you be a brooder . you carry the whole world around on you shoulder . you would feel per - sonally responsible if it start raining . figure that you might have stop it in some way , or that you ought to have have um - brellas for all of we , well , you better snap out of it as of right now , Act like a minute , live up to that captain ' bar you be wear - ing . you do it , or I will take them off of you . I will nail you tail to a stump and push you off back - ward . captain renouart smile , ruefully . in the column - meyer and ferol the only similarity between the two man be they rank of private . meyer be a to 11 bushy -haire man with bizaare , uneven feature who , by some , might be consider ugly . ferol be a slender , somewhat good - look , if ferret - face , young man of about the same age as he friend - late twenty . they appear to be worried and depressed in spirit and try , with som success , to joke they way into a better mood , ploy 1s sreeted bp a chortle of encourageme : each of they ploy and counter appreciative chorus of snicker and not from the man march on all side of they . they be play everything " to the balcony " ~ and wait for a second to measure the response of each remrk , each 's the group be corporal far from they , lieutena hear from importantly 1 ) clude they here to esta 's ( as ac eem to have he own fan , among paris , private lejuene and , not NI roget , all of whom we shall mh & scene soon to follow , we ine blish they as part of the regiment , pvt , meyer though continue onversation ) well , it 's bound to be one or the other , either you need a bath , or lightning strike a latrine near ( look around ) here . do not see any lightning , do you ? ( continued ) ( continued - 1 ) pvt , ferol the wind 's shift , pal , you smell you own breath , pvt . meyer not I , TI have wild honey for Supper , and this be not the same odor . I would say it be largely eau de Old underwear with a big whiff of cologne of stiff sock , pve , ferol be you hint that I stink ? all right ! -- no bedtime story for you tonight . I will not tell you what happen to the sale - man 's daughter and the travel farmer . pvt . meyer I already imow . he be just about to give she @ big smooch , when the Captain blow the bugle on he , he say , all right , buster , back to the front line , and win I another medal , by the way , I finish that new poem about he . cut away to captain sancy during the conversation . he pretend not to hear , pvt , ferol whioh one ? lyric to a lunkhead or ode to a caf ? pvt . meyer this be another one , I call it sonnet to a Son . pvt , ferol well , let 's have it . I can not feel any worse than I do already , wt. ( make it up ) a Captain who think he be a General ... have & head that be solidly mineral ... twice as hard as a brick ... and three time as thick ... it keep he ear from bang together . ( conrxnue ) < 14 - ( continued - 2 ) pyt . ferol ( startle ) kept he ear from -- what kind of rhyme be that ? pvt , meyer free verse , sonny . poetic license , pvt , ferol yeah ? well , do not look now , but I think you just lose you license . explosive laughter from all side . cappain sancy scowl , another part of the column ~ arnaud and duval we hear the laughter of the previous scene in the dis= tance , arnaud be a tall , wiry minute with steel - rimmed glass . duval be a plump , friendly look fellow . from the way they treat each other we gather they be very good friend . the two man talk quietly but the soldier on each side of they cannot help overhear the conversation , with the result that they wear a study look of inattention . pvt , arnaud oread a@ letter ) just a few line my darling to tell you that I shall not be go up to the front for a week or more , we have just reach @ rest area 80 you do not have to worry about m at all . I have a conviction ... ' ( voloe trail off ) well , the rest be just personal , pvt , duval you should have mile it back in the rest area . pvt , arnaud when the order to move out come I be so completely surprised I forget about the letter , pvt , duval if you get a chance , you should send it anyway . it will mke she just as happy as if it be true . ( continued ) - 15 - {continued - 1 ) pyt , arnaud yes , I suppose so . the two walk in gloomy silence . pvt , arnaud ( as if tell a secret ) I have get a bad feel this time , I can feel it come , pvt , duval do not talk that way , you will put @ jinx on yourself , pvt , arnaud ica not help it , it 's be two year -- two year without a scratch , without even get sick , how long can you luck hold out ? pvt , duval it can hold out as long as it have to . pvt. arnaud if you keep flipping a coin and it keep come up head time etter time , you have get to expect a . pvt , duval that 's not entirely true though . they say it 's fifty - fifty on each flip no matter how many time it come up head or tail . if you flip a hundred head in & row the odd of get a head on the hundred and first flip would still be fifty - fifty . pvt , arnaud that my be true , theoretically but if I see someone flip even bix head in a row , I would bet tail on the seventh . they say it 's fifty - fifty but somehow it do not seem to work out that way . ~ 16 — long sho - the regiment 8 the slow move , clanking column wind through the geepen gloom of oncoming night like some monstrous spake '' to muffle boom - boom=boom punctuate the hushed night air . slow dissolve : view gf the night sky Bas the horizon line flicker intermittently . each flicker be follow now by @ louder and more richly define poom . we be not far from the front , various angle of the regiment 8 - B the side of the road be litter with the grim residue of war , the ground be churn up like a lumpy pudding , here and there we can see silhouett against the flicker black sky the remiin of a splinter tree . the man @re silent . they be hunch forward with fatigue , some man be shiver , they frosty breath testify to the coldness of the night , the head of the column ~ colonel dax 8 - c he walk with @ sll group of officer -- he adc capiain herbillion , captain renouart , major vignon and a few other , col , dax ( to herbillion ) pass the order back positively no more smoking . no loud talk - ing . and gas mask on the alert , captain herbillion act in accordance with he instruc} tion and non-com echo the order baak through the column . major vignon drop back , herbillion catch up with dax , they all walk in silence , voice 0.8 . hey , there , 181lst ! capt , herbillion ( glance at dax ) 181st , yes -- who be you ? - 17 - point of view b- D saae '' seem to appear as if by magic out of the black no . lt , trocard guide from the tirailleur to take you in , sir . Lieutenant trocard speak . ( salute anofher angle 8-e colonel dax return the salute in a perfunctory manner , col . dax Colonel dax , commnd . ( to herbiliion ) have the colunm halt , do not close up . keep the interval , company commnder forward at the double , have the man fix bayonet . captain herbillion salute , drop back and issue the appropriate order which be then relay down the line . the column awkwardly stumble to a halt , in many place bunching up despite order . officer be everywhere try to preserve as much order as they can , halting a@ thousand man on @ break road on a moonless night be not the easiest thing in the world to do . point of view 8 - F a star shell burst not far away and fall ina slow , graceful brilliance , a few second later follow by the nearby thunderous concussion of artillery . favoring dax's group 8 - 8 they all look up startle . the glare of the star shell dlluminate they rigid feature , col . dax where the devil be they ? lt , frocard just around the bend , sir . ( continued ) ~ 18 - ( continued - 1 ) 8- 0 col , dax imbeoile -- do not they know there 's & relief on tonight . they will draw fire for sure . herbillion ! capt , herbillion ( on the run ) yes , sir , col , dax that battery be down around the bend in the road , send someone down there and have that idiot stop fire until this relief be over . cap ? , herbillion yes , sir . ( he move away call 0.8 . " sergeant gonoud , eto '' Three flare rise consecutively in the distance . the pattery fire again , the company commander be begin~ ning to collect around dax , col , dax Red over green over red . that 's not ours , be it , Lieutenant ? up , trocard . no , sir . it 's a jumpy sector . by now all of the company commander have collect around dax , there be about a dozen of they plus dax and the guide . : col . dax ( cooly ) gentlemen , this be Lieutenant - trocard . he 's go to take we in . as soon as we get -- he 18 interrupt by a rush sound follow by a ex - plosion about fifty yard off to the side of the road . dax lmow they be in trouble . ( continued ) - 19 - ( continued - 2 ) 846 col , dax ( ortapiy ) report to my dugout as soon as you have complete you pelief , what 's the password tonight , Lieutenant ? lr , trocard calais , sir , col , dax calais , all right gentleman -- back to you company , keep the interval . forward on the double , the company commander run back shouting order , captain herbillion come up , the man form up not without a great deal of confusion . capt , herbillion runner report battery commander present he compliment and be - gret fire , say he be not ine form of the relief , col . dax very good , Captain . have the man move out , on the double . various angle 8~ 8 herbillion issue order , the colum begin to move for - ward , amid utter confusion , alternately bunched up or too strung out . another overhead whoosh , whoosh , whoosh fol - low by three explosion , nearer to the road , the man keep move . dax stand by the side of the road with CA herbill : col , dax ( calmly ) keep you interval , do not bunch up . suddenly , there be a rush sound overhead and a rapid string of deafen , blind shell - burst quite nearby . when the dust clear we see & couple of dozen casualty lie in the road ~ many still alive and ery out for . help . officer keep the colum move , stretcher - bearer ( continued ) - 20= ( continued ~ 1 ) 8 - h come up on the run . then there be sti11 another whoosh , whoosh overhead but this time the shell fall far off the road , harm nothing but the shattered countryside , then no more fire at all , colonel dax appear relieved and hurry forward , : dissolve : ext , the trench - night 9 the 18lst crowd through , make as little noise as it ts possible for one thousand man overload with metallic equipment to make . gunfire be light and very infrequent . dissolve : int , lf , roget's dugout -~ night 10 lieutenant roget , who we have . see briefly on the march into the trenches , 1s a bald , puffy man sport a thin mustache . he be in he middle thirty and he have the kind of face you take a immediate dislike to with - out even pause for a moment 's reflection that first impression be not always correct , he sit before a batter wooden table , the dugout be literally dig out of the earth itself , reinforce by rough-hewn wooden beam and log . a crude bed of straw pack into a wooden mold be the only sign of comfort . lieutenant roget be drink , ani from he heavy move - ment we miy assume he have not just begin . his face be cork - biscke and he be in full battle dress but for he helmet which rest on the table beside he . he take several swallow from a bottle of cognao which be almost empty . there be a candle jamme ina bottle . the flame flicker in a draft . roget look up , corporal paris and private lejeune enter , we have see they briefly on the march , too , paris be a good-look , well - bullt man , lejeune be a chunky , s80lid -look man , they be in battle dress and have they face black , they snap to attention before lieutenant roget , he be - gard they stonily and mike a visible effort to pull himself together , he succeed to the extent of be able to reproduce a ponderous air of solemnity . cpl . paris corporal Paris and private lejuene report , sir , ( continued ) 216 . {continued - 1 ) 10 if , roget you take you time about it , cpl , paris we prepare as quickly as we could , bir . we have to alert the sentries , uf , roget ( burping ) all right . at ease , man . this be a reconnaissance patrol , we be to avoid a fight if we can , there will be only the three of we , german wire . Machine - gun post . identification of body , we go out to the leave -- come back through Post six on we right . be everything clear at Post six ? cpl . paris the sentries be all warn down to here , number six will start send up flare at ten minute interval at o - four hundred . UT , roget I want they very five minute . cpl . paris I tell they that , sir , the sergeant say every five minute be too much , he say it 's certain to draw artillery . uf , roget quite a strategist , that sergeant . what 's he name ? cpl . paris I do not know , sir , uf , roget you be a liar , corporal , but I do not have the time now . you man wait outside for a minute . I will join you . cpl . paris what 's the password , sir ? ( continued ) ~ 22 — ( continued - 2 ) 10 . lt , roget calais , cpl , paris yes , sir . paris and lejuene glance back over they shoulder as they duck out the exit door . ext , trench - night - another angle il paris and lejushe sit on the fire step . they talk in whisper . cpl , paris he 's fortifying himself , pyt , lejuene it smell like heaven . cpl , paris you can always tell when he 's have a few , he get sarcastic . pvt , lejuene at least he could have pass it around , the swine . say , what 's he get against you anyway ? cpl , paris we be buddy before he become a officer . he think I do not have sufficient respect for he . he 's right , the lousy crum , pvt , lejuene I do not like this , a patrol 's pad enough but lead by & drunken Lieutenant -- roget come up the dugout step . lt , roget if you be ready , gentleman , jet 's go . cpl , paris we be ready . = 23 - another angle 12 they follow roget down the trench . he stop at a group of six man , Three of they stand near & machine gun mount on the parapet , captain charpentier step fore ward , they all come to attention , capt , charpentier at ease , man . the lane through we wire ls right out in front here . the machine gun be point to the open , good luck , lt , roet ( sober considerably ) thank you , Captain , everything be clear and understand , and you man , keep you finger off that coffee grinder till we get out of the way , all right , come on . various angle 13 with roget in the lead , they stealthily crawl over the parapet , the cloud have break and now the moon be full , the break contour of the round stand out in grotesque relief , bend low , they swiftly enter the open in the wire , all three carry revolver and extra grenade . they crawl painstakingly through the lane . suddenly they path be block by more wire , the night be very quiet , all they movement seem to mike a ine ordinate amount of noise , lt , roget ( whisper ) it be suppose to be clear } cpl , paris ( whisper quiet ! it 's only a block in the lane . follow I , we can crawl through here . another angle 13 - 4 paris crawl down a slight incline , and wriggle under the wire . the barb catch he and he laboriously frees he - self , he be through , he raise himself cautiously to one kmee , he signal the other to follow , and mke for a nearby shell - hole , ~ 2h another angle 13 - B stand in the shell - hole , he check he position , suddenly he jump . @ grimly etched by the moonlight two man seem to be asleep , roget and lejuene slide over the vim of the crater , ( whisper can not you smell ? they be dead , pvt . lejuene nexamine they ) from to battalion , note : throughout entire patrol the man talk in whisper unless otherwise indicate , another angle 13-c roget start to climb out of the shell - hole , lf , roget come on , then , let 's proceed , gentleman , cpl , paris ( grab he arm ) not that way , Lieutenant . you will be back in we own wire . keep the moon on we right and crawl . we be not on the champ elysee , paris exchange a worried glance with lejuene . lf , roet well , that two be , he giggle at he own joke . cpl , paris and we will be join they if we keep mike this mich noise , roget nod he head solemnly . then he realize the insult , he be quite drunk , ( continued ) - 25 - ( continued ~ 1 ) 3 c UT , roget I would not worry about that , corporal , just do you part and follow order . I be in command of this patrol , now let 's move out of here , another angle 13 - D up , roget crawl over the lip of the sheli-hole , paris and lejuene follow , the silence be break by a distant brief exchange of small arm fire . roget increase he speed , increase the noise of the patrol , in the almost perfect silence of the night , the noise they be make be terrific . paris grab roget by the ankle and crawl up alongside he . cpl , paris let 's slow down a bit , Lieutenant . we be get near they wire . we be make too much noise , move a few yard at & time . then stop and listen . they may have a patrol out , too , lp , roget who do you think ( belch ) you be talk to ? cpl . paris ( menacingly ) look , I know my business , I be not go to have my head blow off be= cause you do not -- = roget search lejuene be face for some sign of support , he find none . up . roget ( sulkily ) you will hear more of this when we get back , roget start to crawl again -- slowly and cautiously . dissolve : = 26= another angle 13 - £ the three man near the german wire , the ant Hill loom up in the b.g. + 4 n irregular mss silhouett against the moonlit sky , roget belch , loudly , instantly a flare arc up , it burst overhead and slowly descend , everything 18 bath in a blind brilliance , the patrol freeze against the break mound of earth , a machine gun trip a short burst . the flare die be - store the night . another angle 13 the man slowly raise they head . paris and lejuene exchange another worried glance . roget move off again along the germain wire . there be many corpse around they , roget stop . his head sag . paris crawl along - side , lt , roget hurry up , get I away from this body , I be go to be sick , cpl , paris crawl into that shell - hole ~~ and be quiet about it , roget disappear into the hole . lejuene crawl up to pvt , lejuene we will be lucky to get out of this mess with he , I think we should -- {he draw he trench knife ) cpl , paris {over sound of roget quietly retching ) not yet . I think this will sober he up . another angle 13-0 roget return from the crater . he seem to be shiver . lt , roget I feel mich better , look , I think we have see enough . let 's get back , as he crawl off , paris and lejuene seem relieved . they follow . - 27 - close follow shot - roget 13 - h as he crawl , he fear mount , his breath come short and short , he begin to shiver as if overcome by a great chill , he begin to crawl faster . suddenly he stop . the other crawl abreast . point of view - long shot 13 - I see against the sky , & large mound of ruin , another angle - the three men bev le , roget ( shiver ) what do you mike of it ? pyt , lejuene it look like the ruin of a house . roget be tooth begin to chatter , he seem confuse . l?. roget ( stutter with he chill ) lejuene , work you way around the right . Paris will come with m on the leave . we will meet on the other side . cpl . paris Split a night petrol ? you be crazy . : roget point nis pistol at paris be head , paris turn and look down the shaking barrel , lejuene search paris for a sign . ut , roget move out , lejuene . another angle 13-k lejuene hesitates then crawl off to the right . . he stop every few foot and listen . the only sound be he own heavy breathe . ~ 24 — another angle = roget and paris 13-l roget lower the pistol . shiver , he smile un - pleasantly . paris return a icy stare . roget move off to the leave . paris follow . they painstakingly work they way around the ruin , another angle - roget and paris 13 - m they stop and listen . a perfect silence . they wait , roget be tooth begin to chatter again . he close he mouth , paris study the weird ruin , still no sign of lejuene . roget start to crawl , paris grab he ankle . cpl , paris ( whisper ) we have get to wait for hin , lt , roget ( whisper ) he must be lose . where be he . he should -- suddenly , a sound of board squeaking nearby , various quick cut 13-h paris raise up and cook he revolver . roget rise to one knee and fling a grenade . paris fire at roget but miss , a blind explosion . a shriek , lejuene call " Paris " , weakly , Three flare go off , flooding everything ina brilliant light . roget be on he foot , he mouth open , gesticulate wildly . a machine gun stutter in the distance . roget disappear on the run behind the mound of ruin . ~ 29 - another angle ~ paris - 13-0 in the garish light of the flare , he crawl to the break body of lejuene , he be dead , a burst from the mechine gun erupt in neatly space row of plaster - dust over hie head . he slither into a nearby shell - hole . dissolve : ext , french trench - night 13 - p a bearded sentry sight he rifle through the fire slit . a voice whisper hoarsely . . cpl . paris 0 ,8 , calais , calais . corporal Paris return from patrol . calais . the sentry step back , he rifle still levele , paris slide over the parapet . he sag to the trench - board , preathing heavily . sentry I hear the fire , corporel , do you lose the rest of you patrol ? cpl . paris at least one . do Lieutenant roget get back ? sentry I do not know , he mght have somewhere up the line , be you hurt ? cpl , paris ( get to he foot ) no , I be all right . sentry need any help ? cpl . paris no , thanks , I be all right . he wobble off down the trench . dissolve : =30 - int , uf , roget's dugout - night 14 roget sit at a table , write with a penoil . paris enter . . lf , roget well -- cpl . paris surprise , Lieutenant ? li . roget yes , happily surprised , I think you would be kill . cpl , paris but you do not wait to find out , do you Lieutenant ? up . roget now look here , what do you mean ? cpl , paris I mean you do not wait after you kill lejuene . UT , roget have you go out of you head ? killing lejuene , what be you talk about ? and remember you be talk to a officer . cpl . paris oh , well , then I must be mistaken then . no officer would do that . no mo would do it . only a thi would . a gutless wonder , a sneak - ing , booze -guzzle , yellow - belly ret with a bottle for a brain and a streak of spit where he spine ought to be . lf , roget that 's enough , corporal} cpl . paris I do not doubt 1t . you have get yourself into a bit of a mess , Lieutenant . ( continued ) ( continued both man be 31le 1 ) 14 UT , roget oh , so that 's it ? well , I do not mind tell you that you have get yourself into a worse mess , first , general insubordination . second , threaten to Ill you superior officer , that 's mutiny number one , third , refuse to obey a order and incite other to do the same . that 's mutiny number two and three . fourth , fire at you superior officer . that 's attempt murder and mutiny number four , how do you suppose that charge will look on paper , cpl , paris well , since you mention it , i!4 s8y they would not look half as good as this , drunk on duty , endangering the life of you man through drunken recklessness , refusal to take counsel , wanton murder of one of you own man , Gross incompetence in general and finally , Lieutenant , cowardice in the face of the enemy . Silent for a moment . roget smile , lt , roget ( reasonably have you ever try to bring charge against a officer , it 's my word against yours , you know , whose word do you think will be believe ? or let I put it another way — whose word do you suppose will be pocept ? now I will tell you wha’ m willing to do . all I have get in this report so far be that you and lejuene be kill on patrol . I will fix it up to read that you make you way back after become separate during the fire fight . and that will end the matter once and for all , ( continued ) - 32 - ( continued - 2 ) 14 cpl , paris ' cold hatred ) you kill lejuene , you know that , do not you ? you throw that grenade and kill he . lf , roget it be a acoident . I be sorry and I would give anything in the world if it have not happen == and that 's the truth , honestly , I know you do not like I , dut what kind of a man do you think iam ? I would give anything in the world if it have not happen , paris lean across the table . cpl , paris ( sortly ) you be a weak , miserable , coward , you slway have be . you be vain and you be self righteous . and you be the kind that cause the worst kind of trouble . and if I ever have another chance to pull the trigger on you I will not miss again , I promise you , captain charpentier enter the dugout , from he manner we may assume he hear none of they conversation , capt , charpentier good morning , man . - paris come to attention , lt , roget good morning , Captain , capt , charpentier at ease , corporal . how be the patrol ? : uf , roget all right , sir , I think we find out a thing or two ? capt , charpentier good , good -= any casualty ? ( conrnmuep ) - 33 - ( continued - 3 ) 1 b ( i , aoa ) remorseful one , sir , tejuenee capt , charpentier oh , that 's too bad . have you finish you report , Lieutenant ? lp , roget ( anxious to please ) I will be through in @ couple of minute , sir . I just have to touch up & few point , cpl , paris with the Captain 's permission , I would like to get back and get some sleep . capt , charpentier of course . well do , corporal , well do . cpl , paris ( salute ) thank you , sir . lt , roget good-night , corporal , you do @ good night 's work , you should be proud of yourself , dissolve : ext , the trench - day 15 the day be overcast and gloomy , Dark cloud scud across the gray sky . a occasional burst of smill - arm fire mrs the otherwise quiét air . led by captain herbillion , general rousseau and he adc , major saint - auban stride into view around a traverse , move at a smart clip , they pass troops who stare sheepishly at rousseau , he appear to be well like by the man and return cordial nod to many of they . now and then he stop for a brief exchange of word = very much enjoy the admire glance of onlooker ; the whole affair have much of the quality of a political candidate seek favor among he constituent . ( continued ) - 34 - 15 ( continued - 1 ) gen , rousseau hello there , poldier . every ~ thing ai1 right ? ettede ( enbarrass ) yes , sir . gen , rousseau easantly what 's ( pie name , soldier ? ettiene ettiene , sir , pie , company a . gen , rousseau be you marry , private ettiene ? ettiene ( tremendously embarrassed ) yes , sir . gen , rousseau that 's fine , I bet you wife 1s proud of you . eptiene yes , sir . gen , rousseau ( touch he cap ) carry on , soldier - and good luck to you . ettiene yes , sir . thank you , sir . meyer and ferol have be stand near the embarrassed young soldier and they suppress nervous giggle as rousseau move away . however , it be clear from the attitude of other man who be witness to the scene that the General 's stock have go up considerably in they eye . another angle - following rousseaux party 15 - 4 they stop in front of corporal paris , he sna to atten - tion . lieutenant roget stand nearby . pe ten ( continued ) - 35 - ( continued - 1 ) 15 - a gen , rousseau hello there , soldier , every - thing all right ? roget move closer , anxiously . cpl , paris ( glance at roget} yes , sir , everything 's all right . rousseau notice paris have be clean he rifle . gen , rousseau . work over you rifle , I see . well , that 's the way -- it 's a soldier 's best friend . you be good to it , and it will always be good to you . roget and paris exchange icy glance . ' GPL , paris ( 1diy yes , sir . that 's the way I feel about it , sir , I -- I == ( glance at roget ) other soldier collect around the group . gen , rousseau ( grandstand a bit ) yes , corporal ? something on you mind ? some suggestion or criticism , perhaps . I always encourage ny man to speak they mind freely . it 's a bad thing for a man not to be able to get something off he chest , roget rivet a frosty gaze on paris . paris hesitates . rousseau smile patiently . cpl . paris ( boidiy ) I just want to express my con - cern for the general 's safety in the trenches , sir . rousseau ia & bit astonished by the personal nature of the remark and the imply disregard for they separate station in life , ( continued ) ~ 36 - ( continued - 2 ) 1a gen , rousseau well , thank you , corporal , it 's very reward for I to see such concern for ny welfare <- though it be entirely uncall for , the trenches be a very safe place , indeed . good luck to you , corporal . carry on . paris salute . the General 's party move on . he and saint - auban proceed down trench , move at a faster clip than previously . apparently , rousseat have consume he allot time for personal greeting and now confines himself to brisk " hellos " , " how - be - yous " , etc. , without stop , then they come to a soldier who seem freeze in he attitude of attention . a young minute , he haggard face be a absolute - ly immobile mask , he eye stare straight ahead , gen . rousseau everything okay , soldier ? soldier ( jerkily ) yes , sir , gen ! okay , gen ! gen , rousseau fauietiy gen ? , .. soldier -- it 's General , soldier , not gen . soldier okay ! right ! yes , sir , gen - eralf yes , sir , yes , sir , General } gen , rousseau ( gently ) easy , son , it 's all right . soldier yes , sir ! yes , sir ! thank you , sir} right , sir -- gen . rousseau how long «= when do you come in the service ? soldier . 1914 , sirt yes , sir , 1914 } first reserve call up , sirl come straight to the front , sir } yes , sir , yes , sir , come — ( continued ) ( continued - 3 ) 15 - a gen , rousseau but you have have leave , when be you home last ? soldier Home ? Home , sir ? Home , home , home == ? gen . rousseau you family . how long since you have see you family ? soldier no family , sir . just my mother , sir . no family of my own , sir . all dead , sir , get ‘emall , sir , direct hit , sir , wife and child , sir , wife , child , and baby on the way , Sir . get 'emall , get ‘em all . g-got ... gen , rousseau I - I be sorry , I be very sorry , son . soldier yes , sir ] ! thank you , sir ! get they << gen , rousseau soldler ... soldier yes , siri get ‘emall} wife , chifa , and -- gen . rousseau ( gain he attention ) soldier} -- I be go to send you home , soldier ... home to you mother 's , would you like that ? the soldier be face twist suddenly . he smile , laugh , he eye fill . Fighting to control himself , he speak nalf - laugh , half - < ory , on & note of control hysteria . soldier wewould I like to ? would I like to - to be ... ( choke vp} ex~exouse m , sir} ! sorry , sir ! I be < = ( continued ) ~ 38= {continued - 4 ) 15 - a gen . rousseau ( turn to Saint - auban ) major} maj . saint -auban yes , sir ? gen , rousseau I want this minute on he way by noon ! no later than noon , understand ? maj . saint -auban yes , sir ! ( turn man 's canteen slightly , note he name stencill thereon ) soldier I be «= s-sorry , sir , Excuse I , sir . I be all -= all right now . I be fine , fine . I be just fine , General . I be -- gen , rousseau yes , soldier -- drop hand on he shoulder yes , you be just -— - fine , you deserve a rest , : another angle 16 rousseau nod curtly , and jerk he head at saint - auban , he stride on down trench , not look to leave or right , with saint - auban follow . they come to tunnel entrance , where & guard salute smartly and step aside . they pro - ceed up the tunnel to dax be headquarters - lookout post . as they enter , dax look up from outspread mp , salute and be salute . dax ( shaking hand ) General ... Major ... I be honore . ( continued ) - 39 - {continued - 1 ) 16 gen , rousseau ( with Saint - auban murmure polite assent we privilege entirely . always @ pleasure to see you , Colonel , well -- ( glance swiftly around ~- this be quite a neat little spot you have here , col , dax ( cordially ) well -- itll reserve comment on the neatness , but at least it 's little ... I be pretty shy on seati accommodation <= '' not ( gesture ) but < = gen , rousseau ( briskly get more than enough for I . never get the habit of sit w- like to be on my foot ; keep on the move . maj , saint - auban I can vouch for that , Colonel , I can hardly get the generel behind a desk long enough to sign a order , gen , rousseau well , that 's the way I be , y'know , dax ? can not understand this arm - chair officer == fellow try to fight &@ war behind a desk , waving papers at the enemy . worry - ing about whether a mouse be go to run up they pantsleg . col , dax ( smiie } I do not know , General , if I have a ohoice between mouse and mauser , Z , rink I would take the mouse every I ( continued ) hon ( continued ~ 2 ) 16 gen , rousseau ( laugh you would never make I believe that . not with you record , .. seriously , though . if a man 's a ninny , let he put ona dress and hide under the bed , but if he want to be a soldier , then , by heaven , he 's get to be one ! he 's get to fight , and he can not do it unless he 's where the fight 1s . that 's my erado ! mat . saini - auban and you would never fail to live up to it , sir . col , dax ( spread hand ) I think i!11 have to say I agree , with you put the case 50 convincingly , General . lay hand on telescope ) . now , I imagine you would like a look around , would not you ? dax adjust telescope , 's and step aside , col , dax this will give you a good view of the ant Hill , General , about as good as you can get without actually be on the site . gen , rousseau ( peer through telescope well , that will not be long now , will it ? telescope shot 164 we see the ant Hill and no - nan 's land . another angie 16 = B gen , rousseau well , I have see mich more for= midable objective . yes , much , much worse , not something we 's ( oontainue ) ( continued ) J ( continued - '' ale 1 ) 16 - B . gen . rousseau ( cont would ) can grab and run with , of course , but certainly , uh -- uh «= maj , saint auban pregnable , sir ? gen , rousseau ( aoubtturry ) pregnable ? == well , I suppose . sound kind of odd though , do not 1t ? like something to do with give birth . col , dax which be the direct opposite of we present operation , gen , rousseau ( jaugh ) quite ! you be right on you toe , this morning , Colonel . even sharper than usual . : col , dax it 's my distinguished visitor -- excuse I , Major == visitor . with such brilliant company , I could hardly help but respond , gen , rousseau ( chuckle ) do you relief come off smoothly last night . col . dax not too bad - draw some artillery - about thirty casualty , gen , rousseau mmm , ye8 . I notice on the road in . utterly inexcusable . stupid ! all swarm together like & bunch of fly -- just wait for som - one to swat ‘em , maj , sainp - auban they never learn , it seem . they get in @ tight place — under heavy fire -- and they gang up every time . the herd instinct , I suppose . kind of & lower- animal sort of thing . ( continued ) ( continued - 2 ) 16 - B . col , dax ( a little too quietly ) a kind of human sort of thing , it seem to m , or do you mike a distinction between the two ? gen , rousseau ( 4 dly adjust belt ) well , now -- uh - very regret - table , at any rate . very . yes , indeed , but you know , along that line , I have have a idea recently that I think might be very useful -- I have be wonder= ing , gentleman , do you suppose it would be of any value if , after a attack , a detail go out and mapped the casualty ? that be to say , the dead form a axtiomtic pattern of the enemy fire , the flow of battle and we own mistake . now if we could map they , show just where they be kill , and in what number < = may . saint -auean a excellent idea , sir , it would certainly allow we to profit by we experience , General , I be go to insist that you submit he idea to the General staff . gen . rousseau ( modestly ) . oh , well , the General staff , I do not mean to be derogatory , naturally . but by the time they get around to consider itje= merely a idea for save life . what do you think of it , dax ? col , dax ( uncomfortably ) I -- think it 's a interesting idea , sir . if it have a flaw it may lie in the direction that the circumstance of battle be rarely identical -- and the lesson of one day may be of very limited value on another . ( continued ) ab6 ( continued - 3 ) 16 -b maj . saint - auban icily ) that , course , 1s merely the Colonel 's off hand opinion , col , dax on the contrary , Major . if you be interested , there be a com - plete analysis of the idea write by von borke in 1830 , maj . saint -auban be the Colonel imply that generel rousseau have borrow this idea from a text - book ? gen , rousseau gentlemen , gentleman ~- please , I be certain the Colonel mean no offense , col , dax my apology , General . I most certhinig a id not mean any offense , maj , saint - auban I be 50 sir . apology golonel bax . my ap 6 , col . dax of course , Major , gen , rousseau now , Major , will you be kind enough to excuse we for a few minute ? maj . saint -auban ( salute ) yes , sir , ; ( he exit smartly ) rousseau walk to the peep-hole and peer out . he turn back suddenly . gen . rousseau ( confidentially ) what do you think of it , Colonel ? ( continued ) han ( continued = 4 ) 16 - B col , dax ( regretfully ) I be not sure about 1t , will the 1 blst have any support ? gen , rousseau regretfully ) there waragret any bupport . , I have none to give you . I understand the problem , dax , believe I , I do . you regiment 's a little under strength , the man be tired -- col , dax ( quietly they be exhaust , General . ( en oe apologetica on , dax , ehatte lay it on a bit thick , be not it ? col , dax I do not think 80 , gen , rousseau very kind and gentle ) naturally man be go to have to be kill , possibly a lot of they , they absorb bullet and shrapnel and by do so mike it possible for other to get through . say five percent kill by they own barrage -~ and that 's a have generous Allowance . ten percen ' more in crossing no - to n's - land , and twenty percent get through the wire , that leave sixty - five per - cent with the worst part of the job over , let 's say another twenty - five percent in actually take the antehill , we be still leave with a force more than adequate to hold it , col , dax ( aulay ) General , you be say -- you be anty pate that more than half my man , sixty percent of they be go to be casualty , ( continued ) a5 - ( continued - 5 ) 16 - B gen , rousseau ( nodd ) but we 'l have the ant Hill , it 's a terrible price to pay , but we will have the ant Hill ! col , dax '' ( quietiy will we ? gen , rousseau ( earnestly ) I be depend on you , Colonel . all France be depend on you . I 'a like you to think of it that way when you send that man into battle tomorrow , of what a great privilege it be , what a glorious opportunity that you and they have be hand , to -- preak off , as dax smile sadly ) be I amusing you , Colonel ? col , dax ( politely ) I be not a bull , General , I do not need a flag wave in front of m to get I to charge . gen , rousseau ido not think I like you terminology , colonel} if you see no difference between patriotism and <= and -- col , dax I have my own brand of patriotism , General , the oratorical , bastille - day variety -- I feel , as Samuel Johnson do , that , well ... gen , rousseau that it 's the last refuge of 4 scoundrel ? col , dax I be sorry , sir . I be just -- I mean nothing personal , of course . ( continued ) a6 - ( continued ~ 6 ) 16-b gen rousseau warnly I be sure you do not , you be quite naturally over - wringht , and I suppose I do seem & little blatant ... rousseau walk up to dax and affectionately put he hand on he shoulder , gen , rousseau ( ausetay ) ~~ I want to mow , it 's go to be difficult , cost we a great deal , but you do feel that we can take the ant h111 ? col , dax we will do we best , sir . gen . rousseau Colonel , that do not answer ny question ! col , dax : General , you should not have ask the question ! it 's like kick & of bn into the ocean and then ask - ing he if he can swim , the attack 4s achedule , what difference do it make what I think ? rousseau smile , ruefully , he glance out of the dugout across the battle field . gen , rousseau ( sympathetically ) I be sorry , Colonel . I have give you one hard , seemingly impossible job after another , and now , when you be long overdue for a rest , I give you the most difficult task of all . col . dax ( steadily ) Rest ? I have not say anything about . need a rest ! ( continued ) - 47 - ( continued - 7 ) 16 - B gen , rousseau and you never would either , you would never ask for one , no matter how badly you need it . so you be not oing to have any s&y - so about it , olonel ! as of right now , I be order you on indefinite furlough , col . dax ( strain smile ) General , you can not take I away from my man -= my command , you =~ you would not do that to I . gen . rousseau not to you , Colonel , for you . for you own good and ir . col , dax good ! we own good } why do not you say what you man ? just be - cause I be not willing to -~ gen . rousseau ( utter sincerity ) if a commind officer himself lack confidence , what can we ex - pect of he man ? it would not do , would it ? it will not do , and since you seem in 50 much doubt <= look , I do not want you to feel coerce , Colonel , that you have to say some - thing you do not honestly believe , unless you be convinced , of you own free will that tomorrow morning -- col . dax we will take 1t , General . we will take it . dissolve : int , dugout - meyer and ferol = day 16 - '' meyer be seat on a box , he back to ferol , and with a old shirt tie around he neck . ferol be trimming he hair , with a outsize pair of shear -- possibly a pair of wire snip . accidentally , or accidentally - on - purpose , he nick one of meyer be ear , ( continued ) ~ 48 ~ ( continued = 1 ) 16 - c pvt . meyer ( haughtily , as though address a servant ) wateh yourself , my good mani one more like that , and I will see that you lose you butcher 's license . pyt . ferol ( servilely ) a thousand pardon , m'sieur . a thousand thousand pardon . a thousand thousand thousand - pardon , .. I be desolate . it be unforgiveable , inexcusable , imbecilic , stupid -- pvt , meyer none of you arrogance , sirrah ! if there 's anything I can not stand , it 's a minute who will not admit it when he 's wrong . pvt . ferol so sorry , m'sieur . it be only that m'steur 's ear , zey be 80 big , like ze eara in ze cornfield , and he head it be so tiny , like ze head of a pin «= ouch ! pvt . meyer it will be nonexistent if you keep chopping at it ... what be you do with all that meat , anyway -- eat it pyt , ferol ( with a gesture of horror ) m'sieur} perish the think ! even in jest. m'sieur should not accuse I of < = ( break off , suppress & simulate belch ) -- m'sieur , would you be 80 kind as to lend m a toothpick ? pvt . meyer give I a mirror , you cad ] I want to gee what I look like without 4 head , ( continued ) ~ 49 - ( continued - 2 ) 16 - — '' with a flourish , ferol hand hima tiny fragment of mirror , meyer study himself critically , turn he head this way and that . another soldier saunter up and look on , grin , meyer stare at he sternly . pvi , meyer barber , who be this man ? I think you be run a high - class shop , pvt , ferol ( whining apologetically ) ido my best , sir , but the neigh - borhood == you should exouse the expression -~ 18 lousy , always the bum and the loafer be drift in from the street . soldier ( grin ) Boy , you sure get a dirty skull , meyer , I will bet there be not that much rust on the eiffel Tower , wt ( sternly ) do not critisize we national monu ~ ment } it 's still a good tower , even if it 1s relatively rust - free , soldier T would get oy hair out if it be not for the dirt show . I figure if @ guy can not get rid of the rust , he would better keep it cover up . pvt , meyer brilliant ! oh , but you be brilliant , &re not you ? will you let I polish you medal . when you get to be a general ? soldier not until you clean you bean . I do not want none of that rust rub off on my medal , pvt . I ( to ferol ) barber , do this man have a hole in he head , or do I have rust on mine ? ( conf inued ) - 50 = ( continued ~ 3 ) 16-0 pvt. ferol we-el ... I have always hear that ivory do not rust , but ... ( study meyer 's head ) ' but here we seem to have a excep - tion to the rule . if I might suggest & mild shampoo ... he wink at soldier . meyer nod , abandon the phony character he have be play . pvt . meyer I could go for a good head - scrub - bing , at that . look sharply at 'erol ) but no trick now , get I ? do not forget that I be work on you next , pvt , ferol why , pal -- just hold that shirt up over you eye so you do not get soap in ‘em , ( meyer do 80 ) o- of course , I will not forget . and another thing ... ( lift up pail of water ) pvt , meyer ( mffle voice ) yeah ? pvt , ferol I have not forget the last time you work on m , suddenly dump water over meyer be head . meyer grab at he , and they go lurching around the dugout , upsetting and smash the crude furniture , knock over and scatter the pile of supplies . in the space of second , the place become & shamble , captain sancy come in , but they do not see he . they imock he down with they wild melee before they be aware of he presence . he be furious as they come hastily to attention . captain sancy be thin , bald , shrill - voice and perhaps just a little precious . he appear to possess very few of the quality that go to make a good leader . ( continued ) - 51 - ( continued ~ 4 ) 16 - c capt . sancy ( tautly ) what be the mtter with you bird ? what be the matter with you ? be you crazy ? can not you ever stop clowning ? . do you have to have someone watch you every minute to keep you out of trouble ?... Zuat look at this place ! look at ferol and meyer look around nervously , despite themselves , they can not quite suppress a grin . capt , sancy you think it 's funny , eh ? answer I ! . ferol and meyer ( mumble ) no , sir . '' capt . sancy ( shrilly ) sure , you do , you think you can get away with it -- that we need you too badly to punish yous well , we will see , there 'il be another day come , and I will not forget this , I will fix you , I be put you right up at the top of my list , and just as soon as I get the chance -- pvt , ferol we be sorry , Captain , we do not mean to == capt , sancy shut up !.. you be clown , not soldier . you have do nothing but disrupt this company since the day you come to it . and , by heavens , you be go to pay for i1t { I will see that you do , if it 's the last thing I ever dof glare at they angrily , then turn on he heel and stride out , ferol wipe imaginary sweat from he brow , pvt . ferol you know what , meyer ? ( continued ) - 52 - ( continued - 5 ) . 16-0 pyt. meyer what ? pvt , ferol I do not think he like we very well . dissolve : ext . trench - night 17 everything be quiet . a few sentries stand - to on the fire step . dissolve : int , duqoup - nighp 18 see in the flicker light of a single candle be rnaud , duval and five or six other man . they be bedd down for the night in straw and blanket . some of the man smoke pipe . some smoke cigarettes . none be try to sleep = and have , apparently , be shoot - ing the breeze for some time , pvt. arnaud ( meditatively ) I be not afraid of die tomorrow , only of get kill , pyt. duval that 's as clear as mud , pvt . arnaud well , which would you rather be do in by , @ bayonet or a machine gun ? pvt . duval a machine gun , naturally , ly , thatie just natura 8 just my point . ney're both piece of steel go into you gut . only the mchine gun be quick , cleaner , less pain - ful , be not it ? pvt. duval what do that prove ? - 53 - ( continued ~ 1 ) 18 pvt , arnaud that prove that most of we be more afraid of get hurt than of get kill , look at ber - nard , hel in a panic when it come to gas , but gas do not mean anything to I . he 's see photo of gas oase and it do not bother I & bit , but I hate like the devil to be without my tin hat . but I do not mind not have a tin hat for my tail . why 's that pve , duval well , you ought to since that 's where you brain be . all right , why be 1 '' ? why do not you want a tin hat for you tail ? pvt. arnaud : because I know a wound in the head will hurt much more than one in the tail , you tail be just meat , but you head be a11 bone . pvt , duval speak for yourself , pvt . arnaud now you tell I , apart from bayo - net , what be you most afraid of ? pvt , duval High explosive . soldier I too . soldier and marry pyt . arnaud exactly , it 's the same with I . because it can chew you up worse than anything else , just what I and try to tell you . it you be eat afraid of die , you would be live in a funk 811 you life because you know you have get to go some day , any day . and besides , if it 's death you be afraid of , why should you care about what it 4s that kill you ? ( continued ) '' 5h ( continued - 2 ) 18 pvt . doval you be too deep for I professor , all I know be nobody want to die . fade out : fade in : ext . barbed wire ~ day 19 silhouett against the dawn sky . a perfect stillness blanket the air . nothing move , ext , a shell crater - day 19 < 4 a sparrow drink from the stagnent liquid collect in the bottom , a rat scurries across the surface , the sparrow fly away , traveling shot - wire entanglement 19 =- B camera move slowly parallel along the thick network of wire inf.g . the batter fortification of the ant Hill dot the b.g. a breeze softly rattles some rusty tin can hang in the wire . a tear page froma french pin - up mga - zine flutter on the rusty barb , camera finally com to rest on the dead lejuene , he sit in the wire as in anarm chair , the breeze gently rock he and ruffle he hair , his eye be open . this be the spot he be kill by lieutenant roget be grenade . traveling shot - french trench 19 - '' it be crowded . the man le a silently againt the re= inforce earth wall , each man be load down with extra ammunition and grenade , some carry satchel of explosive . they look like traveler wait for a train , the long bayonet extend from every rifle . ext , trench - favoring major vingon , colonel dax 19-e and captain herbillion colonel dax squint through @ trench periscope , major vingon study he wristwatch , he turn to captain herbillion . ( continued ) - 55 - ( continued ~ 1 ) 19 - E maj . vingon ( softly ) Zero minus five , colonel dax straighten up slowly . he extend he hand to major vingon . col , dax ( affectionately ) good luck , vingon . I be expect sauerbraten for lunch , capt , herbillion yes , good luck , sir . maj . vingon thank you both , we will mike it a good show . do not you worry , they 811 salute . colonel dax and capeain herbillion exit the shot . major vingon peer through periscope , exp . trench ~ favoring arnaud and duval op arnaud remove he wife 's letter from he shirt pocket . he hold it to he lip . then put it away , arnaud giance at duval , duval stare blankly ahead , duval notice he frieni 's attention . arnaud form a smile , duval attempt one in return , arnaud squeeze he friend 's neck affectionately , ex ? , trench - favoring captain bonnier and lf , 19-0 jonnart captain bonnier slowly munch a candy bar . lieutenant jonnart stare absently at the trench - board eight inch from he face . clump of man huddle motionless in b.g . ext , trench - favoring paris 19 =h press in with a knot of soldier , he deeply inhale a cigarette and pass it on . cpl . paris ( to himself ) eighth time over the top , this time I will be kill , ( continued ) 56 - ( continued - 1 ) 19 - h . bearded-s oldier what would you say , soldier ? cpl . paris isaid , " do you inherit that ' beard from you mother ? " ext , thench = favoring capt , charpentier , li , roget 19 - I and sergeant gonoud charpentier scratch under he helmet . roget look around at he man , gonoud check he watch , l? , roget how be you heel , sir ? capt , charpentier terrible , sore as blaze . what & time to get a blister ? ut. roget ( glance at watch ) Zero minus three , ext , observation post - general rousseau 197 he study the terrain through 4 huge pair of binocular mount on @ miniature tripod , he be flanke by major saint - auban and captain nichol , there be a large map spread before they , it 1s divide into many smill numbered square , a telephone clerk squat on the ground , he bend over he equipment . his shoulder almost touch captain nichol ! knee . telephone clerk through to division , sir , through to polygon . everything quiet . all unit report themselves ready , Zero minus two , rousseau look around , he be satisfied , he take a deep breath and expel it slowly . gen , rousseau remove hip flask ) May I offer you gentleman some cognac ? 57 = ext , trench - meyer and ferol 19 - k they be press in with a group of man . they all appear to be wrap in think . ext , trench = captain renouart and sgt , picard 19 - L they be quiet as the rest , Three medio with large red cross arm=-band stand in b.g . capt , renouare Zero minus one , various other angle of principal and other 19 = m lead up to Zero-hour , build with a increase cut ~ ting rhythm . there be no music . the sound - track be quiet except for the hushed natural sound of the man , ext , trench - captain charpentier 19 - N the silence be suddenly split by the earth shaking dis - oharge of many cannon . there be a rush sound over - = head , a pause . then a shock of sound as the barrage explode near the germain trenches , capt , charpentier ( to nobody ) there it be , ext , battlefield - low shop 19 - 0 geyser of black earth spew skyward . the air hum with shrapnel . another angle - battlefield 19 -p huge section of wire entanglement be loft lazily upward , the black upheaval appear everywhere . the sound be deafen . another angle - bapfiefield 19 - q all along the german line S ,0, , rocket rise deliberately , burst , and be slowly downward , - 58 . traveling shot ~ french trench 19 - R the german counter - barrage begin . ' the air be alive with metallic hum . most round fall short or long . only scatter earth and debris over the motionless line of french troops huddle against the trench wall . one round burst very close , it collapse the trench wall , and kill several man , the expression on the men' face be a study in fear . the tempo of the german barrage increase . now the germain machine gun clip the parapet , toss up plume of earth , quick sequence : 19 - S brief shot of the french , still huddle inthe trenches , favor principal a great deal , zntercui with shot of the cataclysmic upheaval of the battlefield , it be a kind of theme and variation in fear , ' praveling shot - french trench 19 - 8 the sun be almost blott out by the smoke and dust of the barrage . major vingon look up from he watch , he turn to sergrant boulanger , maj . vingon ( calmly ) sergeant , have the man stand - to , . s@t . boulanger ( salute ) yes , sir , ( shouting to he leave ) sergeant picard , have the man stand= to . pass it on . ( shout to he right ) sergeant gonoud , have the man stand - to , pass it on , up and down the line the non-com begin move the man up to the fire -step . the man seem wooden and clumsy , they be overload with equipment . the camera briefly see many of the principal in pass , low angle - cappain charpentier 19 -0 whistles begin to sound , the hoarse shout of non- com urge they man over the top . cappain charpentier scram= ble atop the parapet . he turn wave he arm . ( conpfinued ) 59 - ( continued ~ 1 ) 19 - 0 capt , charpentier come on man . follow I . Machine gun bullet explode at he foot , he topple back into the trench knock corporal paris into the trench board , give he a murderous crack on the head , fraveling shoe ~ trench 19 - V the man of captain charpentier be company struggle over the parapet . machine~gun fire burst with a whoosh along the sand - bag crest of the trench . Three tine the intense automatic fire sweep the parado , stiffening the man crazily and crash they down heavily into the muddy trenchnboard . the remain man , 48 if of one accord , decide to wait , no one say anything , lieutenanf roget make no effort to rally the man , he try to look occupy . various shot and angle 19 - W many man of the other company clear the trenches and advance . stumble forward over the churn up earth . amidst the deadly hum and buzz of shell fragment . lifted into the air by black geyser of high explosive . running . falling . scream with pent up fear , the farthest point of the advance be the middle of the german wire . ' there the man be pin down by the intense german fire , the principal be cover to the follow plot result : a . captain bonnier lead he company forward . they get tangle in the wire . german machine gun sweep the line , the man seem to do a strange dance as they be hit still catch in the wire . arnaud see duval kill by he side . the sur - vivor take what cover they can find , cappain bonnier be kill by a shell burst , lieutenant jonnart take over , db. caprain sancy bravely lead he oompshy @inost through the wire , if one have judge cappain sancy py he priggish personality , he would have be badly deceive . ( continued ) - 60 - ( continued - 1 ) 19 - W the loss be ghastly . the man @re pin down , meyer and ferol be in the forward element , they distinguish themselves nobly . .. major fingon be kill as he vainly try to rally the man in the wire . ext . observation Post 20 . glue to they glass be general rousseau , captain . nichol , major saint - auban , colonel couderc . the tele - phone clerk squat beside he equipment , gen . rousseau where ave they ? maj . saind - auban there , on the leave , sir . gen , rousseau where be the rest ? Zero plus six and they be not . out of the trench yet , they be not advance , maj , saint -~auban no , sir . gen , rousseau get Colonel dax , corporal , corporal line 's dead to Colonel dax , Sir , gen , rousseau this miserable coward , they be not advance , the barrage be get away from they , they be still in the trenches , maj . saint -auban the fire be very heavy , sir . gen . rousseau Captain , order the seventy - fives to commence fire on jump - off position , capt , nichol General ... Sir ? ( conrxnued ) - 61 - ( continued ~ 1 ) 20 gen . rousseau yes , Captain ? capt , nichol I respectfully ask the General whether he seriously mean that command ? gen , rousseau Captain , do you fail to comprehend the meaning of my order ? capt . nichol no , sir , gen , rousseau 's then carry it out , Captain ! capt , nichol yes , sir , nichol pick up the map and a extension receiver . rousseau re-focus he glass . capt , nichol hello , polygon , this 1s division . battery one and two commence fire on coordinate 32- 58-78 , please verify . over . ext . the battery of seventy-five 20 - 4 telephone clerk in f.g. capiain pelletier stand beside he , gun and crew in b.g. telephone clerk ( repeat into phone ) battery one and two to commence fire on coordinate 32 - 58 - 76 , ere capt , nichol 0,8 , that 48 correct , over . ' ext , observation post 20-b captain nichol woodenly replace receiver . the other be absorb in they glass , the phone ring , nichol lift the receiver . - 62 ~ ext , battery of seventy-five 20 - 0 captain pelletier study a fold map , felephone clerk ( matter of factiy ) polygon , speak . battery ' commander say there must be some mistake , that position be we own front line , please verify . over , ext , observation post 20 - D capt , nichol General , the battery com@nder report that be we own position , he say it mst be a@ mistake . gen , rousseau confirm the order , Captain , capt . nichol ( into phone ) there 18 no mistake , the order be confirm , he hang up the phone . he exchange a non-committal glance with the telephone corporal squatting beside he . the phone ring . ext , battery of seveney -five 20 -b captain pelletier , nervously , watch the clerk . telephone clerk polygon speak . fattery commnder respectfully report he cannot execute such a order unless it 18 in write and sign by the General , ext , observation post 20 - F capt , nichol General , pattery Commander respect - fully report he cannot execute such a order unless it be in write - and sign by the General , ( continued ) - 63 - ( continued = 1 ) 20-f rousseay grab the phone , gen , rousseau put the battery Commander on the wire @t once . ( pause ) capp , pelletier ( filter ) eattery Commander speak , sir , gen , rousseau ( catmiy} this be General rousseau speak , the troops be mitiny - refuse to advance , Fire as order until further notice , capt , pelletier with all respect , sir . I can not execute that order unless it be in write , sir , gen . rousseau what 's you name , Captain ? capt , pelletier felletier , sir . eattery B , one hundred and eighty - first regiment , fourth division , Captain fet i , rousseau a , in tier , be you go to obey ny order ? capt , pelletier with all respect , sir , you have no right to order m to shoot down my own man unless you be willing to take full and un -~ divide responsibility for it . I must have a write order before I can execute such a command , suppose you be kill , sir , then where will I be ? gen , rousseau ( ana rage ) you will be in front of a fire squad tomorrow morning . that 's where you will be . Hand over you command and report yourself under arrest to my head - quarter , qeam phone ) ~ 64 . ext . support trench - colonel dax 21 artillery 1s burst all around . the air be fill with the whine of small arm fire , the trench be pack with troops . colonel dax stand with cappain herbillion and several officer , a runner come up , breathless , he salute , ri ( salute Communications report the first wave be pin down in the wire , sir , company a be still in the trenches , col , dax you mean they have fall back ? runner no , sir . they have not move out yet . Communications can not get through to they , sir , col , dax thank you , corporal . runner ( salute ) yes , sir , col . dax Major , carry on eccord to order , take you man over when the first wave clear the wire . fat maigr yes , sir , May I ask where the Colonel be go ? col , dax I be go to find out why company a have not move out yet , Major , capt , herbillion do , the Colonel , think it proper to expose himself in this manner ? fat major ~ I respectfully suggest , sir , that I can send a runner to company a -- col . dax there 's no time for that , here , give I @ hand , will you Major . ( condinued ) ~ 65 - ( continued - 1 ) 21 dax scramble over the parapet . bend low , he pick he way forward over the break ground . ext , company a trench ~ day 22 the man gre still in the trenches , the wounded be ree ceive first - aid , the dead lie where they fall . paris sit up daze , he disentangle himself from captain charpentier be body , he see lieutenant roget feign some activity , the man stand around look sheepish , another angle = colonel dax 22 - 4 slide into the trench , col , dax who 's in command here ? | um , roget ( walk to dax iam , sir , Lieutenant roget , company a , col , dax where be Captain charpentier ? if , roget he 's dead , sir . get it go over the top , col , dax why be you man still here , Lieutenant ? '' U2 , roget the fire be too intense , sir . col , dax in whose opinion , Lieutenant ? uf , roget in mine , sir -= I mean the man -- see for yourself , sir . look at the casualty , I do my best , col , dax the fact that you be still alive , Lieutenant , indicate to I that you effort be not you best . ( continued ) - 66 ~ ( continued - 2 ) 22 m a lt , roet fece closer ~ whining tt would be wrong for the man ° hear this , sir , but I vespectfully submit the Colonel 's remark be not fair , if you want the perfect truth , sir , the man be demoralize , I could not rally they , after the first casualty , they would not budge , the casualty be terrible , I admit , but the plain fact be , sir , that the man would not move , I do all that be humanly possible , col , dax very well , ideutenant . the other company be pin down in the wire , they need we help . have the man stand - to , welll bive 1 '' another try , UT , roget yes , sir , lieutenant roget start to move away slowly , then he notice man from the other company fall back into the trenches , lf. roget ( relieved ) they be fall back , sir = < all ] of they , the attack must have be stop cold , sir , ext , rousseaux observation post 23 the phone ring . capt , nichol this be division . ( pause ) yes , sir , ( hang up ) General -- accord to first be -= port the attack have fail all along the line . the man be fall - ing back to we own trenches , rousseau petulantiy buckle away he field glass , he turn to major saine - auban , ( continued ) ~ 67= ( continued - 1 ) : 23 : gen , rousseau Major , arrange for the immediate relief of the 181st regiment . have they send to chateau de liaigle , have Colonel dax report to headquarters , have Colonel couder¢ assemble a fteld sourt martial and have it ready to sit at noon tomorrow , gen , rousseau ( mttere to himself ) if that little sweetheart will not face germin bullet , they will face french one , fade out : ext , parade ground ~ chateau do l'aigle = day ak the place be actually one of that magnificent medieval fortress - castle which , one my assume , have be turn over to the Army to use for its own purpose by the owner who evacuate 1t as the high - tide of war wash closer , the parade ground be & huge grassy area about the size of a football field , it be surround on three side by white - birch tree , the fourth side open on the castle and be connect by a wide gravel road , line with flower bed and further back , stately pine tree . the 18lst regiment 1s draw up in a three sided square sround the perimeter of the parade ground , the regi - mental color-stand flutter smartly . the regimental band be group off to one side , officer stand in small formation ahead of they troops , colonel dax stand with captain herbillion and capiain renouart , there be & long roll on the field drum , sergeant -major boulanger step smartly out to the center of the field , he stop in front of a knot of officer which comprise rousseau be staff , they be group in the center of the tield as if for a review . rousseau carry himself with solemn dignity . the drum stop , the only sound be of insect hum in the hot sun and bird twitter in the tree . ( continued ) ~ 68 - {oontinued - 1 ) 24 sgt , boulanger General order for the day September thirteen . the 18lst regiment be hereby place under collective @rrest and will be confine to the ' grounds of the chateau de ltaigle until further notice . the camp will be under guard and anyone attempt to leave without a pass will be try for desertion , anyone not respond to a challenge to halt will be shot on sight . by order , rousseau , General command , another roll on the drum , sergeant boulanger march off the field , the band strike up , rousseau be group leave the field . non-com begin shouting order , close shot - colonel dax and captain renouart aha the look in renouart be eye imply , all explanation aside , that dax 1s ina large measure responsible for all of this . by he passive acceptance of recent event , dax seem more than a bit annoyed at the scouse rature of renouart be glance , he shift he attention to rousseaux disappear group , and we suspect that dax be still to be hear trom , dissolve : ext , outside castle = day 235 paris and several man lounge in the sun , soldier 1 Z hear the Colonel commit suicide , soldier 2 he get over it quick enough , I just see he go by in a car , cpl , paris that 's right , he be in the oar with the General , soldier 1 maybe he 's under arrest , ~ 69 - ( continued ~ 1 ) 25 cpl , paris he ought to be , bend we into that slaughter , soldier 2 they say he threaten to shoot a officer . soldier 1 who do ? soldier 2 the General . cpl , paris he ought to shoot the Colonel for send we into that attack , soldier 2 he ought to shoot himself then . the Colonel do not have anything to do with it . he be just obey ~ - ing order , soldier 2 that 's right . the Colonel say he would resign if they go ahead with the attack , cpl . paris who tell you that ? soldier 2 I hear it . soldier 1 and I hear one of the headquarters runner say there be a devil of @ scene somewhere and they threaten to shoot each other , soldier 2 who do ? " soldier 1 dax and the General , cpl , paris suit I if they do , you know this remind I of a story I hear one time , there be this fellow . ( continue ) ( continued ) ~ 70 - ( conpinued - 2 ) 25 / cpl , paris ( cont would ) he be stick in & swamp , see , clear up to he ear in mud and muck , and there be a big turtle grip he by one leg , and & bunch of poison smake wrap around the other , and a big see - toothe eel chew on he rear . so the owner of the swamp come along , and say he 's go to have he arrest for trespasp . take another puff rom cigarette ) soldier 1 ( blankly , after a moment 's pause ) I do not get it . cpl , paris ( disgustediy ) you do not get 1 ? soldier 1 huheuh , I mean , what 's the point ?. cpl , paris it 's up there on top of you head , many snicker from the group . dissolve : ext , castle entrance ~ day 26 the same gleam black staff car we see in the first sequence pull up , amid appropriate military bustle , general broulard and he aide colonel do guerville exit and be formilly greet and escort inside by major saint - auban and major couderc , dissolve : int , baroque ~ salon - day a T appear almost to be a museum , it be so full of lavish furnishings , tapestry and art object . colonel dax , general broulabd and general rousseau be find in the midst of a heat discussion . ( condinued ) 71 . ( continued - 1 ) gen , rousseau I order a attack and you troops refuse to attack , in my book that 's mutiny . col , dax my troope do attack , sir , but they could make no headway , gen , rousseau beoause they do not t : Colonel , I see it myself from 0 , p , Three quarter of the regiment never even leave the trenches , col , dax two third of the regiment be in support '' not even in the front line , gen , rousseau I mean battalion , of course , do not quibble over word , ido not in - tend to be move from my position . itm go to have a section from each company try under penalty of death for mutiny and cowardice -- and I repeat it be mutiny , mutiny and cowardice . refusal to obey a order , they be scum , d* you hear I ? e= the whole rotten regiment ! : a pack of sneaking , whining , tail - @ragging cur ! they have get skin - milk in they vein instead of blood ) col , dax then it 's the reddest milk I have ever see , my trenches be soak with that red , skim-milk , . , . gen . rousseau they be order to attack and they refuse . if that -- col , dax there be no question of refuse , failure to do the impossible , do not imply unwillingness to do it . you do see that , do not you , General ? suppose you be order to take Berlin by tomorrow morning . ( continued ) - 72 - {continued - 2 ) gen , assolant ( statriy} if I be order to take Berlin , I would take it , or die in the attempt , dol , dax ( quicklys see that you be still alive , then , I gather that you be not order to take the ant Hill , order originate with you , gen , rousseau with I ? what do you <= Colonel dax , you be be impertinent ] col . dax I be simply pursue & question , General . gen , rousseau you already know the answer ! you know the order come from the General staff | col . dax why , General ? gen , rousseau why ? what do you mean ? col , dax yes , why ? you be right here on the grounds , you would be within strike distance of the ant Hill for week . if it be possible to take it , why have not you do so , - as you have in the case of so many other objective ? why do you wait for a order from the General staff ? gen . broulard ( clear throat ) < I believe we be straying from the point , gentleman , the issue here , as I see it , be simply -- ( continued ) - 73 - ( continued - 3 ) col , dax ( cut he off ) the issue here be whether my regiment 1s to be condemn to cover up , what ht be call by someone less kind than elf , &' idiotic error in judgment , General rousseau do not attack the ant Hill on he own initiative be - cause he lmaw what the General staff should have know , and doubt ~ less do lmow but be unwilling to admit : that any attack , with the force at we disposal , be doom to failure , gen , rousseau Colonel -- Colonel dax , I be go to overlook you outrageous be - havior for the moment . right now .. col . dax General , I think the question of my so-called outrageous behavior have better be settle immediately . my regiment be under the shadow of two serious and shameful crime . I know they be not guilty of either , I intend to do everything I can to establish they innocence -- or do nothing at all , if I be to be force to mince word , to stand on protocol and procedure at every point , to neglect the life and honor of my man -- to neglect they , that thing , so that the touchy dignity and tender feeling of blunderer may be protect == gen , rousseau Colonel dax ! col , dax =-- then I will not be a party to this hearing . I will not assist in the pretense that it 's anything but @ mockery , and a attempt to distort and conceal the truth rather than reveal it . broulard regards dax through narrow eye , a intrigue reluctantly amused look on he face , ( continued ) '' the ( continued - 4 ) gen , rousseau be you quite through , Colonel ? all right ! now , iam == gen , broulard ( gesture casually ) a word , General ? gen , rousseau well , .. certainly , General , gen . broulard I believe the Colonel have a point «seven though he make it rather temile pleasantly at dax this be not a trial , but 1t do bear certain aspect of one . amd Colonel dax , technically , be cast in the role of the defense . under the circumstance , and in view of the serlousness of the charge , & court of law would allow he extra - ordinary consideration , within the bound of propriety , he would be give all possible ts attitude in pre= senting he case . rousseau stare blankly out the window , gen , broulard I be merely offer a opinion , General , please do not feel con - strain to accept it , gen , rousseau I be very happy to accept it ... you may proceed , dax . . col , dax guervilie ) General , what be you position at this hearing ? gen , broulard what be my ...? I be not sure I understand you , Colonel , ( continued ) - t5 = ( continued - 5 ) col , dax I mean , why be you here , in what capacity , do you appear here , gen , broulard I be not at all sure , , . I be afraid that might not be a pertinent question , Colonel , fact , it would seem to veer toward the opposite . cl , dax it seem right on target to m , General . but , of course , if you would rather not answer ... fen '' broulard laugh you will ( as the worst possible mis= interpretation on 1 '' ? I can under - = stand you success as . a attorney , Colonel ... but , get to you que - tion == of course , I do not mind answer it , I be here to represent the General Starr . col , dax what be you function as they representative . to advise , observe , or just what ? gen , broulard hesitates ) well ... it 's rather difficult to eatagorize , Colonel . perhaps if I imew the reason for you que ~ tlonsce col , dax I do not see how that would affect you position . it would be exactly the same , it seem to I , regardless of '' reason for be interested in it . to aye right mmm , yes , ee the would , would not it . you be quite right , Colonel , ( continued ) - 76 ~ ( continued - 6 ) col , dax well ? you have make suggestion , give advice & time or two , be you here as the staff 's ad - visor to General rousseau ? gen , broulard no=o0o , not exactly , Colonel , in &@ sense perhaps , yes , but on the other hand , no . col , dax I womer if we can not pin that down a little tighter , General . I have nothing against yes and no answer , you understand , but I find they somewhat confusing in combination . now , would it be fair to say that you be present , more or less , as amicus curae ? a friend of the court , that be , use the term court to include all party to the controversy ? gen . broulard {pure 8 lip think - u ay now , I think that would come very close to it , Colonel . amicus curae = yes , I believe that exactly describe my position , col , dax then , you be absolutely impartial ? the General staff positively have - no interest in this matter except to see that justice be do ? gen , broulard that 's correct . col . dax and you be certainly not interested in digging up sca oat for the sbartis tistakes 28 gen . broulard ( 1aughing Colonel , really ] that sound like one of that still - beat - you - wife query , but , no , certainly not . we be not look for scape - goat . ( continued ) ( contined - 7 ) col , dax actually , have complete con= fidence in General rousseau 's good jugme a integrity , you part in this inquiry fe a bub - ~ stantially passive one , any decision that be make will be he and he entirely . gen , broulard of course . col , dax and just as you take no direct part in make that decision , you will assume no responsibility for they . gen , broulard chuckle , turn to ousseau ) do not deny it , General -- you have be hide this man . keeping he for you own , eh ? I think that be very selfish of you , now , let 's see ...0h , yes . I be= lieve you - be say when I interrupt you , Colonel , some thing rather nasty , as I recall , would you like to go on with it ? col , dax ( shrug ) why bother ? let 's lay it on the line , the staff be look for sacrificial goat , but it 's too squeamish =~ not to mention , cautious -- to do its own slaughter - ing . therefore , General rousseau , he 's be force to compromise hin - self . his vanity be wounded , he -~ gen , rousseau pfexphosively ) now , this be too mch ! this — this kind of talk definitely be not within the boundary of propriety { ( confinued ) - 78 - ( continued ~ &) gen , broulard General , I think we must try to bear in mind that Colonel dax 's exceedingly painful position be not a unnatural habitat for paine ful word . you , Colonel , I want you to keep gmeral rousseau 's position in mind «= he official position , and the great dignity adhere thereto , col , dax in view of you admonition , General , I think I would better preface it with a few word . briefly , I simerely believe in what I be say , and it be say with no intent to give hurt to you or General rousseau , gen , broulard ( smile that sound rather ominous , Colonel , I think I will withhold absolution temporarily . ( nod ) please proceed , col . dax well «= ( hesitates ) General , I do not quite know how ... I mean , in view of you courtesy , it 's difficult to -- to -- gen , broulard ( amiably } oh , go &head , Colonel , go ahead , take one glove off , loosen the cork in the poison bottle . Bea little nasty , if you have to , after all , if you have a ine trinsically nasty situation ... ( shrug ) col , dax ( brusquely ) iwas say , the staff pull a bonehead . by dish out punish - ment for its error , it hope to ( continue ) ( continued ) - 79 - ( continued - 9 ) 27 col , dax ( cont ! a ) esoape responsibility -- to give the impression that the ant Hill could have be take if my man have do they duty , the staff want no part of the job itself , it 's too good for such dirty work ~- can not officially admit its existence . also it 's too smart . also , with General rousseau so conveniently eager , it do not need to do it . it need to do nothing but let he carry the ball and keep out of hisway while he run for the goal . if he mke it , fine , the staff have win , if he fumble , if there be reper cussion , that 's still all right . the staff be no worse off than it be before . it have take no part in the game , and the penalty be strictly General rousseau 's , dax stop speak , broulard wait to make sure that he 1s through . then , smile pleasantly , he turn to rousseau , the General be frown slightly , not fully understanding what he have hear not believe what he have understand , but just a little worried nonetheless , gen , broulard well , General ? what do you say to that ? gen , rousseau ( smile uncertainly ) well , ub , I be -- I dm't see that @ny comment be call for , would not e&are to dignify 1t with a comment . gen , broulard ( ineline head thank you for you confidence , General , now -- yes , dax ? can , dax I would like to ask a question , General ~- one that you have evade thus far . be the General staff take official cognizance of this pro - ceeding which may evolve from this . ( continued ) - 80 - ( continued ~ 10 ) 27 . gen . broulard ( spread hand smile ) the answer would seem obvious , Colonel , I believe I be here , be I not ? ' col , dax you can be here physically , with - gue be here officially , ‘hat 5b == facto , but no de gure , or de facto no de jure oo use you fp tatin legalistics , yes , so I could , col , dax well ? , gen , broulard ( become slightly da annoye I believe I have make my position here completely clear , Colonel , I have explain it not once , but several time , wait} = < ( hold up hand ) if it appear to need further clarification , I will be glad to supply it ... but not to you , Colonel , I just do not see that it 's any of you business , you know . it 's a matter purely between General rousseau and I , or , I should say , the General staff . any question or answer on the subject will be keep within that bracket . gen . rousseau Colonel dax , you have make certain statement and insinuation about the office of the General staff which paint a extremely ugly picture , do you really have that mental picture of the man who guide we army == who hold the destiny of France , she welfare and she honor , in they hand ? do you actually see they as blockhead and blunderer , petty little man who would willfully throw away the life of we soldier ( continue ) ( continued ) - 41 - ( continued ~ 11 ) gen , rousseau ( cont would ) to enhance they own position ? I can not believe that you do , Colonel , I refuse to believe that you do , col , dax ( uncomfortably ) well. , . perhaps my language be too strong , General , much too strong . I be more than willing to believe that the General staf . act in good faith , and that it feel confident the attack would succeed , but -= gen , broulard and it be right , Colonel , it be absolutely right . col . dax ( laugh incredulousiy ) right ] right ! after what happen yesterday , you can tell I that ~- gen , broulard ( quiet what else can I tell you ? that the man which France must live or die by be not to be trust ? that we can have no faith in they ? that they be as likely to be wrong as right ? you lmnow better than that , Colonel , you be a intelligent mn . in general , awkward as it may be at the moment , you feeling ~- you philosophy =- must closely parallel mine . ( col . dax - hesitates ; laugh shortly ) let 's say it do , General , let 's just say that it do , ( he sigh , shakily ) gentlemen , if it 's a example you want one minute will do as well as a hundred , but I would not know how to choose he , I would have to offer myself - after all I be the responsible officer , ( continued ) - 82 - ( continued - 12 ) 27 gen . broulard oh , come now , Colonel , I think you be overwrought . it be not @ question of officer , {to rousseau in a , to bn come on letis settle this thing , " tone of voice ) suppose we make it a dozen . we will not say it be mutiny . it would be just as well I think to keep that ugly word out of it . just cowardice in the face of the enemy . gen , rousseau ( peeve I be talk about four section and here we be down to one squad already . col , dax I implore you , gentleman , a dozen man . a dozen man like a dozen head of cattle . it 's monstrous . either the whole battalion be guilty or iam aione . but think of we record , of what we would just be through at spuchez . of the condi - tion of the man . of the rain . and of the murderous boche fire . this man be not < = '' fan idea cecur to x , if you take twelve man how will they be select ? gen , rousseau I will leave that entirely to you , col . dax if I be to ask each company commnder to select three man , would that suit you ? gen . rousseau that would seem to . col , dax and how shall you know who this people be ? where they come from ? what connection they ney have ? continue ) sf ( continued ) ( continued = 13 ) col , dax ( cont would ) ( dax think he -has really strike gold ) what reverberation may be stir up gen . broulard ( matter of factly ) you have a point there , Colonel , a painful silence hang over the room . outside a bird sing . gen , rousseau ( very self- righteous ) all right , you have make you point , perhaps I be a bit too anxious to see the proper justice mete out , I have spend my whole life in the arny and I have always try to be true to my principal , that 's the only mistake I can ever be accuse of . you have score you point , I can not argue with it , I will settle for one tan from each company = four nall , gen . broulard excellent solution , dax stand bent in defeat , he take a deep uneven breath . gen , rousseau the court martial will meet at the chateau at three this after - noon , that will be convenient for you , will not 4t , General ? gen , broulard yes , quite . gen . rousseau be there anything else , oolonel dax ? dax rise and walk to the window , he look outside , col . dax General rousseau , I respectfully request that I be appoint attorney for the accuse man , ( continued ) '' bye ( continued - 14 ) gen , rousseau respectfully , eh? {brusqueiy . ) I will take the mtter under con= sideration , Colonel , but I have serious doubt that ~= gen . broulard ( easily ) oh , I think we can permit that , do not you , General ? of course we can , gonsider it settle , bax . col , dax thank you , sir ... General rousseau , do you wish anything further from I gen , rousseau no . ( significantiy ) nothing . that can not wait until later ! col , dax thank you . if I my , then ... click heel and come to attention , salute as the two general rise , then exit as they return he salute . gen , rousseau | ( glance at wristwatch ) noon , straight - up , General , I hope you can stay for funch ? gen , broulard ( smile S I be about to invite myself , General , any time you be ready . gen , rousseau no time like the present , General . no time like the present , they exit , rousseau courteously steering broulard by the elbow , just as they open door , they encounter battery ~ command pelletier , who salute hastily and step back , gen , rousseau yes , Captain , what do you want ? - 85 - ( continued - 15 ) 27 capt , pelletier you order I to report to you here , sir , pelletier , battery commander ~- gen , rousseau yes , yes . I want to speak to you about some of you shell fall short . I have not get time to go into it now . report back to you command until further order . capt , pelletier yes , sir . ( he salute and move off ) gen , broulard that 's bad stuff . it demoralize the man . make they lose they faith , you must deal with that sort of thing with the utmost - severity . gen , rousseau I quite agree with you . and the worst punishment would be shelving . say to Macedonia or a colony . he 's a ambitious man and very trouble - some . gen . broulard a court of inquiry ought to roast he a bit first . gen , rousseau in case like this ... shell fall short - I always try to avoid a inquiry . it get around among the man and make a very bad impression , shelve will be the best discipline for he , at least in my opinion . dissolve : close shot insert - typewriter 28 it type out : ( continued ) - b6 ~ ( continued - 1 ) 2 b to : company commander ; - Lieutenant jonnart , Lieutenant roget , Captain sancy and Captain renouart . from : Colonel dax , command ' iblst regiment . you be hereby order to select and arrest one man from you company and have he at the regi - mental guardroom no later than fourteen hundred hour of this day , ready to appear before a summary court martial on charge of cowardice in the face of the enemy . sign ; herbillion , Captain , adjutant . dissolve : int . dax's office ~- dax and captain renouart - day 29 it be a neat orderly place . capt . renouart ( snrilly ) this be insane . it 's cold blooded murder , I can not choose a minute , you can not ask I to , my man be not coward , they do not mutiny . you can not really expect I to pick a innocent man and send he to he death just because that idiot want to loo . good in the newspaper . why they do not stand any chance at all . even with you defend the man they do not have @& prayer ( a touch of sarcasm ) col , dax you be right about one thing , I will not make a bit of difference , I will do my best . try to make thing as difficult as I can for rousseau , but it 's he game , he mike the rule and decide when it 's over , look , this be not go f° be a trial . continue ( continued ) ( continued - 1 ) 29 col , dax ( cont ! d ) there 's no question here of guilt or innocence , the only question be what do rousseau intend to do , I accomplish something “e there this afternoon , at least think I do . for one thing I get fhen to cut down from forty man to we . capt , renouart I suppose if you could get it down to one you would throw a party . col , dax do not you think you sarcasm be run - ning away with itself a little ? slice it anyway you like , four be a lot better than forty . capt , renouart I doubt if the four would say so . ( col , dax ) ignore remark I do something else , too , maybe even more important . I think I show rousseau the possibility that if there be repercussion on this , the staff may not be stand behind he , I try to underscore that pretty hard , the biggest hope now be that I mide this point clear enough and that rousseau be go through with this deal just to mke some kind of a grandstand play . maybe give the boy a year at hard labor or something of that sort . capt , renouart you have get it all nicely tie up and package with pretty pink ribbon around it , that wonderful crystal clear mind of yours have it peg just right . people be you businesa -- ( mimick he ) -- understanding they be you specialty , outguess they be you bread and butter , ( continued ) ( continued - ~uy - 2 ) 29 col , dax all right , sweetheart , you be just brim over with sympathy , you heart 's break for that poor innocent guy . well maybe mine be too , do you ever think of that ? but I do something about it . I work as hard as I could polling every trick in ny beg . what a I suppose to do il I lose a case , shoot the J and help the prisoner break jail ? play strictly by the book , I may have a few interpretation that seem a trifle original but I do not throw the book away when it suit oy purpose , it 's not @ perfect system but it 's the best one that 's be de - vise yet . perfection , absolute truth -- I would not knock myself out look for they , they just be not to be find , capt , renouart Colonel , you be a phony . I do not know why I do not see it before this . you be a smooth - talk faker -- a liar ! you could explain how the cow jumped over the moon and my mouth would water for buttermilk , it 's all a matter of habit , Colonel , lifelong habit . seratch the fattest back with one hand and patting yourself on the head with the other , why should you stop now , when you have do it all you life ? col . dax ( angry ) and what have you do all you life ? where do you get this pedestal you have put yourse on ? what 's it make out of ? Fake heroic , right ? -- hot air imp in from @ good safe spot on the sideline . I know you type , mister . I have be meeting you for year , criticism , melodramtics -- boy , they can not beat you at it . but when the chip be down , when some kind of move have f° be make , huh -uh . ( continue ( continued ) ~ 89 - ( continued - 3 ) 29 col , dax ( cont would ) you be not there . you do not know how to do anything . you have not get the gut to do anything , so -- so I will tell you whet you can do 's now , get out of here ! get out , and carry out that order I give you ! and if you have any trouble -- if you do not know where to find 4 coward , @ do - nothing boy -- I '11 fix you up with a candidate . now that 's a order , Captain . capt , renouart ( choke with rage ) yes , sir ! any further order , sir ? col . dax ( know he have go too far through anger look , renouart , I think you lmnow how much I think of you -- capt . renouart ( outting in coldly ) . any further order , sir ? col , dax ( after a moment 's hesitation ) no further order , Captain , capt , renouart thank you , sir ! ( exit ) dissolve : int , lieutenant roget's quarter ~ day 30 camera open on a close shot of the order and pull back to include lieutenant roget pace the floor , he take a last drag on he cigarette and grind it against the floor with he heel , lt , roget sergeant , gonoud ! ( continued ) { continued - 1 ) 30 sqt , gonoud 0.8 , yes , sir , ( gonoud enter room ) lt , roget ( solemnly ) sergeant , you have read the order from regimental headquarters ? s@t , gonoud yes , sir . UT , roget ( solemnly ) I want youtto arrest corporal Paris . take he down to the guard room as order . but do it quietly , without anyone know about it , if you can , sgt , gonoud that will be difficult , sir , with all the man around , lt . roget just tell he to come along with you . tell he you have get a job for he . do not arrest he formally until you be clear of the camp area . if he ask any question , say you do not know anything , by the way , do you know Paris ? Sat. gonoud yes , sir , lt . roget well , do not make any mistake , sgt . gonoud ( salute ) yes , sir , ( he exit ) dissolve : int . captain sancy'' quarter - day 31 he talk with sergeant patin , ( continued ) - 91 - ( continued - 1 ) 31 captain sancy the beauty of this mess be ite freedom from complication , all the man be equally innocent . none of they show cowardice , but one of they 's get to be shot for it nonetheless , low the point be which one ? Sat. patin I do not see how that 's so beautiful . do you call that justice ? capt . sancy who say anything about justice ? there 's no such thing , but in - justice be as much a part of life as the weather , anyway , the lucky fellow will be make he oontribu - tion to win the war , sqt , patin in other word , you think the man who be shot be as much & part of the scheme of thing as the officer who calculate the barrage , the infantry - man who go over the top , or the quartermaster who do not , capt . sany certainly , discipline be the first requisite of the army . it must be maintain , and one of the way to do it be to shoot a man now be then , just to show the other how scart they be to be on the right side . he die , therefore , for the ultimte benefit of he comrade and he country . sgt . patin have you anyone in mind , capt , sancy I have two people clearly in mind - the two incorrigible , meyer and ferol . they be lucky to have this opportunity , ( continued ) ( continued - 2 ) 31 sgt , patin they also happen to be among the best soldier in the company . as a matter of record , they get farther in the attack than anyone in the regiment . capt , sancy which add one more proof of they stupidity . try to get this straight . if the whole regiment have be make up of meyer and ferol , would it have do any better ? no , shell kill good soldier just as fast as bad one , in fact , even faster , we be all cannon fodder , sgt , patin well , then it look like meyer 's elect . capt sancy what make you say that ? sgt , patin he 18 the worst of the two , capt . sancy yes , on the face of it that 's true . but there 's another important cir - cumstance you have overlook . he 's a Jew , sgt , patin all the more reason - capt , sancy that 's where you be wrong , you be be shortsight , this be one time when be a Jew be go to save a man 's life instead of cost he it . sgt , patin I do not follow you , capt . sancy do you remember the dreyfus case ? ( continued ) ( continued - 3 ) 31 sit , patin I have hear of it , of course , but what 's that get to do with this ? capt , sancy a great deal , it 's a lesson , that 's all , a lesson against expose you - self to the same thing over again . sgt . patin but this be not go to be a dreyfus case . capt .' sancy no one think the dreyfus case be go to be one either , they never dream when they pick on that quiet little jewish officer that the whole world would ring with he name for year to follow . that ministry after ministry would fall and a war loom possible because of he , or that the entire nation of France would be keep in a state of distur - bance over he and he fate , no , if I choose meyer the ory of anti - semitiam would undoubtedly be raise , rightfully so , too , no one oan say when or at whose expense that cry would be silence , that 's where I be use my head , I want to be clean , sgt . patin it 's tough on ferol , though . meyer 's & Jew so he become the patsy , capt , sancy it 's always tough on somebody , that 's the way life be , dissolve : int . mess room - day 32 there be about one hundred man present . the buzz of they conversation be abruptly cut by " ten-hawp ! " the man snap to attention . lieutenant jonnart enter the room smartly , accompany by sergeant boulanger . they ( continued ) ( continued - 1 ) 32 come to 4 halt in the center of the room , sgt , boulanger carry @ small carton contain many small fold slip of paper , arnaud stand in the rear of the room , sgt , boulanger ( monotonously ) at ease , man . I have a order to read to you . ( produce order ) to Lieutenant jonnart act commander of C company , from Colonel dax , commanding 1&lst regiment , you be hereby order to select and arrest one man from you company and have he at the regimental guard room no later than fourteen hundred hour of this day , ready to appear before a summary court martial on charge of cowardice in the face of the eneny by order sign herbillion Captain adjutant . the dreadful silence which follow be break after a few second by a incredulous guffaw from the back of the room . sgt , boulanger knock it off ! lt , jonnart this be no laugh mtter man . in fact it 's very serious , you & 11 know what a summary court . martial can mean , soldier voice overlapping which one ? they be mad . I do not believe it . I be no coward , it 's a joke . let they shoot , dax . sgt . boulanger knock it off . knook it off ? lf , jonnart I have go over the company roster earefully and all you man here in the hut be in the attack wave this morning . all of that in we company not in the hut be on special duty , ( continued ) ( continued - 2 ) 32 beard soldier I be not in the attack , lf , jonnart who 's that ? come up here , 1 beard soldier ( make way forward ) do not you remember , Lieutenant , you send I yourself to the dump to get that detonator , lt , jonnart that 's right . you can go then . eearded soldier I think I will stick around and watch the fun , sqt , boulanger get out of here before we change we mind and keep you for the draw , eearded soldier salute and scamper out . soldier voice overlapping Holy smoke , he 's go to draw lot - draw lot - I will not draw any - I neither - they have get no right - married man should be exempt - Men with mother - certainly with widow mother ~ or sister - my three brother be already dead - I be the farthest one in front - I be no coward , I will not draw - only the shirker draw - I have four child ~ ha , ha , watch the shirker step up - s@t , boulanger that 's enough , knock it off , knock it off ! lf , jonnart ( calmly ) everyone have @ good reason for not want to die . but order be order and one of you have to be ( continue ) ( continued ) ( continued - he remove & -96 - 3 ) 32 up , jonnart ( cont would ) choose . the fairest way be to draw lot . there be one hundred and eleven slip of paper in this bax . one slip be mark with @ cross . the man who draw it will go before the court martial . soldier 2 there be only one hundred and ten of we here now , you send camus out , lt . jonnart ( think a moment ) I will remove one slip of paper and open it . if it 's get the cross I will put it back and remove another , paper and unfold it . it 1s blank . UT . jonnart that leave the right amount , soldier the paper 's thin and we will see if itte mark , lf , jonnart the slip be fold tightly and each minute will be blindfolded before he draw , soldier ( mournfully ) I want to see my lawyer raucous guffaw sgt , boulanger knock it off , knock it off , you will not be laugh after you draw . - UT , jonnart you will be call forward in alphabetical order , sergeant , eall of the nominal roll call , boulanger . shuffles through a pile of papers . he remove one . sgt , boulanger ( read } arnaud ! ( continued ) ( continued ~ 4 ) 32 arnaud make he way forward . soldier 3 do not worry , you have never win 8 race at a hundred to one , sgt , boulanger knock it off , silence , arnaud come to attention in front of the two officer . boulanger blindfold he . then he guide he hand into the box , a hush fall over the room , he draw a slip . boulanger pull he arm out of the box . arnaud slip off he blindfold . he stand sheepishly hold the piece of paper , soldier 4 you will be sorr -- ry . no one laugh . sgt , boulanger ( quietiy ) let 's see what it be , arnaud , arnaud unfold the paper , it be mark with a ' cross . Big close - shot of paper plus music cue , dissolve : int . capiain renouart's quarter 33 he sit alone at a batter typewriter . he begin to type . renouart be voice - thought hear over type . capt , renouart my dear dax , I should like to apologize for the insulting nature of remark earlier today , I sce thing clearly now and I intend to make amend , I realize how much in the wrong I be and how basically un - suitable I be for the rank I hold . be that as it may , I have find a man most appropriate to the present situation . he shall be deliver to you in a short while , respectfully yours , renouart , Captain , co . a . dissolve : int , dax's quarter 34 dax site at he desk read the note . the last third of the memo be read aloud on the sound track , the voioe be renouart's , dax finish and put the note down , be - lieve . there be a knock at the door , col . dax come in , messenger a message from idieutenant hardy of company a , sir . Captain renouart have just kill himself -- shot himself in the head , sir , dissolve : int . guardroom - day - dax , paris , ferol , arnaud 35 . it be a gloomy room make almost entirely of concrete and stone . smill patch of sky may be see through 4 single bar window too small for a minute to crawl through even if the bar be remove . a planke table stand in the center minus its chair , there be no place to sit ex - cept the floor which be make more comfortable in several place with bed of straw . the stone wall be stain with dampness . dax pace back and forth , the man sit or lean here and there . cpl . paris after Lieutenant roget throw the grenade he disappear into the darkness . I identify lejeune 's body by he dog-tag . then I moe my way back . roget biackmile I into keep quiet about the whole thing . colonel dax frown , he stand up and fumble for a mtch , arnaud give hima light . the man be a little uneasy in the presence of colonel dax , despite he friendly role , cpl , paris you believe I , sir , do not you ? col , dax yes , I believe you but who else will ? and besides , I be afraid that story will not do you much good , and 1t might do you a lot of harm , ( continue ) ( continued ) - 99 - ( continued - 1 ) 35 col . dax ( cont to ) in the first place , you have get no witness . secondly , even if you have , I think the story would only antagonize the court , they would not tolerate a enlist man bring buch accusation against a officer , particularly since it 's trrelevant to the charge you be be try for . why Lieutenant roget choose you among you entire company , have nothing whatsoever to do with the charge of cowardice . take my advice and do not say & word about that affair at the court martial , if and when we get clear of 411 this we can take the story of the patrol up on a regi - mental level , dax cross to the window , inhale deeply on he cigarette . col , dax now I want to ask each of you a& question and I want you to answer it in absolute honesty . it will be for you own good if you do . and it might do you a lot of harm 4 for you do not . if I be to defend you I must not be in the dark about anything . do any of you do anything or show any sign that might be con - strue by witness as cowardice in the face of the enemy ? cpl . paris no , absolutely not . pyt , ferol not m , pvt . arnaud no , sir . col , dax if you do , I beg of you to tell I 60 we can work out a defense , I do not want any surprise during the trial . ( continued ) - 100 - ( continued - 2 ) 35 pvt , ferol I be almost through the wire . meyer can tell you , so can Captain sancy . I be out in front . pvt. arnaud I be right next to Lieutenant bonnier in the wire when he be kily , cpl . paris I be climb onto the parapet when Captain charpentier 's body fall on top of I and knock I pack into the trench . I hit oy head on something and when I come - to the company be still in the trench , just about that time you appear , Colonel , and chew out Lieutenant roget . col . dax my advice to you be to stick to that storey , tell they simply and do not let the prosecutor shake you out of they . now one or two hint on you behavior , remember that you will st1il1l be soldier in the presence of you superior officer , not litigant before a bar of justice . make you bear respectful but in no mean cring . Act like what you be , soldier and brave one at that , but do not overdo 4t to the point of seem arrogant or lack in @ sense of discipline . I have look at the room where the court will eit , you will have the afternoon light in you eye . do not let thie disconcert you and above all do not let it mke it seem 4s if you be drop you eye , hang - dog fashion . when you be speak , look each judge in the eye . do not whine or plead or make speech . just make simple statement in & soldierly manner , make they short but mike they s0 they cfn be hear all over the room . try not to repeat yourselves , I will do that for you when I sum up . I will empha - size the point you bring up in you testimony . ( continued ) - 101 - ( continued - 3 ) 35 cpl , arnaud how do 1t look , Colonel ? col , dax I would be dishonest if I say I do not ' think you be in serious trouble . but we be go to do everything we can for you , ep you courage up , show they & brave front . now , I have get bome work to do -- Court sit in &@bout a hour , dissolve : int , courtroom 36 it 18 a large bare room in the basement , steam pipe run along the plaster wall near the ceiling . the room be arrange Ground three wooden table , for the judge , for the defame and for the prosecutor . the prisoner ! dock be form by several bench place off to one side , general rousseau and major couderc lear through sone 78 . major sadnt -auban toke hia 's place beside they . sit alone at the defense table pick at a lead pencil . the prosecute attorney search through a briefcase . the only other people present be two military policeman stand at attention at the door . there 4g a iow murmur of conversation , saint - auban stand . maj . saint -auban . the court mrtial be open . bring in the accuse , the two guard open the door , the prisoner be march in smartly by two other guard . the guard leave the prisoner stand before the dock , hey nervously glance at dax , he give they a reassure nod , maj , saint - auban ( perfunctorily ) this be . 4 summry court martial and we shall therefor dispense with most of the usual formlity . , the accuse will be seat . the prosecutor will present he charge . — s_ the prosecutor rise , — , prosecutor honore , judge of the court -- slow dissolve : ~ 102 - int , courtroom 37 dax sit furiously pick away at he pencil . it be plein that he be angry and have himself under rigid control , the prisoner look very worried , prosecute attorney «oe8nd 80 , gentleman of the court , I say it have be prove beyond any shadow of a doubt that the accuse be guilty of cowardice in the face of the enemy . I shall therefore confine myself to be - questing the court act in accordance with the provision of the code of military justice , to find the accuse guilty of the charge as state , and to impose the penalty which 1s pre- scribe by the code . thank you , ( sit down ) gen , rousseau be the defense ready to make its summary to the court ? col . dax ( mount anger ) honore judge of the court , it ia impossible for I to summrize the ease for the defense , since the court have not allow I a reasonable oppor - tunity to present my case in & manner which would mike it forceful and under - standable . I have be prevent from introduce evidence that I consider vital to the defense . I have be deny the privilege of cross-examination , the prosecution have present no wit- ness . furthermore , there have be no write indictment of charge against the defendant , and the defense have never have a opportunity to study the @lege charge prior to the trial . lastly I protest against the fact that no stenographic note of the trial have be keep . it be my absolute conviction that the aforesaid con - stitute a gross violation of legal procedure which in itself render this court martial null and void . ( he sit slowly ) ( continued ) - 103 - ( continued ~ 1 ) 37 ( gen. aeereee ) shuffle papers accuse stand up , ( they stand ) have you anything further to say in you behalf ? they glance at dax , rise again ) col . dax ( routine the accuse ferol say he be innocent and beg for the mercy of the court . the accuse arnaud say he be innocent and ask the court to consider he wife and child , the accuse Paris say he be innocent and beg the court to take cognizance of he decoration for bravery . gen , rousseau very well . the accuse will be escort back to the rd room . this hearing be close , the court will now retire to deliberate . dissolve : ext , guard house - sergeant-major boulanger - dusk 38 pace back and forth before a squad of man stand at attention , he be a leather - face , iron-hard man . sgt , boulanger as you know the court mrtial find the accuse guilty and sentence they to be shot , the execution will take place at eight o'clock in the morning , sharp , everything must go off without a@ hitch and with the least possible delay . it be not to be hurried , but there must not be any fumble around , I have be put in pherge and make personally responsible for any lack of order or for any mistake . you can take it from I that I shall pass on any blame , and with interest , to any of you who fail in you duty , he study each minute in pass . ( continued ) - 104 . ( continued + 1 ) 38 sgt . boulanger sergeant gonoud , you be appoint to commnd the prisoner ! escort from the guard - house to the execu - tion post . you will have a guard of twelve man under arm , rifle load , bayonet fix , four man to each prisoner . the four man be to be individually assign to each prisoner amd hold responsible for that one prisoner alone in case trouble start , at any sign of trouble the prisoner be to be in - stantly cover , if the trouble do not subside at once , the prisoner be to be shot on the spot , if any con - certed action get under way , they &re all to be shot or bayonete . but every effort must be mide to get then under control without resorting to shoot . be that clear ? sar. gonoud will the prisoner be bound ? s@t . boulanger no , the prisoner 's hand will not be bound until they be at the execution post . there i8 no wish to have any unnecessary cruelty inflicted on they . the escort be not to exchange a single word with the prisoner except word of command , you will be give a litre of cognac with which to for 111 you can - teen , when you go to fetch the prisoner you be to give each one of they & good swig of it and a ciga - vette if he want 1t . but see that they do not take too much . do not for - get that it will be on a empty stomach - a very empty stomach , if my guess be any good . then , when the detachment reach the corner of the wood where it turn onto the parade ground , you be to give they each &nother swig . that will be they last . be that clear ? as soon as this meeting be over , sergeant gonoud will go to the guard - room and timing himn - self carefully , ay will walk up to the ( continue ( continued ) - 105 - ( continued ~ 2 ) 38 sqt . boulanger ( cont would ) parade ground at a pace & little blower than the usual march tim . you be to mike & note of the exact amount of time it take you to reach the center of the field near its western edge by the tree , that time , plus eight minute , 1s to be deduct from eight o'clock , and that will be the time the escort be to leave with the prisoner from the guard~house . have you get that all clearly in you mind ? : dissolve : int , guard house - night - paris , arnaud and ferol 39 the man have just be serve a magnificent meal , roast beef , potato augratin , assort vegetable , seed roll , wine , and a tray of pastry . it have be place on a fine , white linen , tablecloth which now adorn the rough table . there be but two thing lack - chair and silverware . two armed guard wait at the iron door for the k.p , who serve the meal . the condemn man hover about the table distractedly . they seem to breathe in short gasp , they have a strange brilliance about the eye , a kind of glaze , feverish quality . they movement be jerky and often seem to start without purpose , then , once abandon , the purpose be remember . cpl . paris I think condemn man be serve anything they want . we be not even ask . pvi , ferol ( nervous giggle ) I hear once where & prisoner ask for & worh and a bottle of whiskey - and he get it . k.p. ssy ) listen , ( pra poy be lucky you get this , the Colonel get the cook out of bed to fix this for you . ( continue ( continued ) = 106 - ( continued - 1 ) 39 k.p. ( contta ) he 's get to get up at four every morning to it the fire =~ and tonight he 's be fussing around the kitcben for hour make this for you boy , ( start to leave ) cpl , paris do not we get any chair or thing . to eat with . k.p. . I be sorry that be order , I have not get the authority to give you any chair , cpl . paris how be we suppose to eat the meat ? . k.p. boy , I do not know the answer to every question . be thankful for what you have get , he exit with the guard ) the man stare blankly at the food , ferol pick at the potato with he finger , Little by little they . all begin to gather up food in a variety of grotesque way = peel strip of meat off , scoop up pastry , etc . gradually the scene begin to resemble what might occur if savage go to a buffet luncheon , . they eat with a frenzy . stuff food into they mouth as quickly as they aan . suddenly paris bolt away from the table into the corner and wretch violently . this seem to interfere with the pleasure of the other , and they slowly chew to a halt breathe hard as if to prevent a similar fate from overtake they dinner . pvt , arnaud it 's funny -- we spend a lot of time learn how to use knife and fork and now we be back to finger , pvt , ferol that 's true about a lot of thing that do not seem to add up to very much right now , ( continued ) ~ 107 - ( continued - 2 ) 39 pvt , arnaud it 'a a lot like that old chest - nut about shadow Soup , pvt . ferol , shadow Soup , what 's that ? as the man talk there be a sense of distraction about it all , they do not really listen to each other - or for that matter , talk to each other . they voice be some - what shrill - and they seem to be search for something they can not remember . pvt . arnaud it 's a recipe of a kind , you take a chicken and put it ona spit , then you take a large kettle of water and bring it toa boll . then you place the chicken over the kettle so that it 's shadow fall on the boil water . you cook it for three hour , add salt and pepper and you have get shadow soup . pyt . ferol {change of tone ) you do not suppose they put something in the food , do you ? | cpl , paris re-join the group ) you do not suppose they want to poison we before they shoot we ? pvt , ferol ( suspiediously ) I think they put something in it . pvt , arnaud like what ? pvt , ferol something to mike we groggy - or something . pvt , arnaud what would be wrong with that , if they do ? ( continued ) - 108 - ( continued ~- 3 ) 39 pvt . ferol maybe nothing for you , but I be go to get out of this somehow - and I do not want to be drugge . cpl . paris how're you go to get out , ohew you way through that stone wall ? pvt , ferol listen , we have get to get out of this . they be go to kill we in a few hour if we do not , cpl , paris have you get a idea ? pvi , ferol no , but there 's get to be a way . how many guard do you suppose they have outside . pvt . arnaud I bet they have get a couple of squad , I hear they mrch in and that 's what it sound like , pvt , ferol maybe some of they be we friend , pvt. arnaud meaning no ) they be all from the fourth battalion . anyway , right now we have no friend , cpl . paris why kid yourself , we be not go to get out of this . pvt , ferol maybe you will not but iwill , I guar - antee you of that . the man drift back into they private thought and wander about the cell . pvt , arnaud you see that cockroach . he will be alive tomorrow morning and we will be dead . he will have more contact with my wife and child than iwill , I will be nothing and he will be alive . ( continued ) + 109 - " ( continued - 4 ) 39 pvt , ferol ~ ( squashing bug ) now you have get t ) edge on hin , cpl . paris I wonder what time it be ? pvt , ferol about midnight , I would guess . pvt , arnaud ' what time do they come for we ? cpl , paris at dawn , I think , - pve , arnaud when be that ? cpl , paris that 's funny , I do not know , really . you always read in the paper , ' the prisoner be shot at dawn , ? but I wonder how they figure out when da be ? . pvt . ferol Dawn be just before the sun come ube pvt , arnaud the sky begin to get light about four -- no , I would say about five - thirty . it 's black night = then , all of a sudden , the sky be gray . then after a bit , bluish purple - and then pink , I would say it 's dawn when the sky be pink . cpl . paris : I think it get pink right away - but it 's funny , I can not remember , pyr , arnaud actually , though , it do not get '' pink unless it 's go to be a sunny day . if it 's go to be cloudy or rainy the sky just get grey . ( continued ) - 110 - ( continued ~ 5 ) 39 pvp . ferol what do you hope it be , sunny or rainy ? cpl , paris sunny . pvt . arnaud sunny . pvi , ferol I too , although it 's just the same to I . tomorrow 's no special day = why should I care what kind of a day it be ? I be not go to die tomorrow , ferol go back to the table and take another pastry . cpl , paris you know , I do not hate anybody . right this minute , for the first time in ny life , I do not hate any - body == not even roget . I do not blame he for choose I , he be afraid of m , if I could press 4 button right this second and destroy he , I would not do it . pve , ferol if I could press & button and get that Captain sancy , I would press it , I would press it for General rousseau too if I get two chance . pyt , arnaud if I could press a button , I would like to see my wife and child again , cpl , paris ( intently ) I think it do get pink right away - the sky , I mean . pvt , ferol if I could press a button , I would press it so I could be four thousand mile away from here . ( continued ) - 1ll - ( continued ~ 6 ) : 39 pvt . arnaud that cockroach be lucky ~ he do not see 1t come . one minute he be alive and full of whatever dream and thought that cock - roach have , and the next minute he be dead . that 's not so bad , that 's the way I would like to go , cpl . paris we @ 11 know we have to die someday - not should not matter so much mow when , : pvt , arnaud it should not , maybe , but it do , it mtter a lot , cpl . paris you know , 1t 's the only thing no one - else can do for you , pve , ferol what be ? byt cpl , paris no = only you can die for you - self , no one else can do it tor you , pvt . ferol look , I know I be not go to live forever , I would not want to if I could . but I be not go to die tomorrow , pvt . arnaud you know , they say if you could live forever you would not want to . if I could press a button and live forever , I would presa it , cpl , paris I would press it in a second , pvt . ferol who would not ? they just tell you you would not want to live forever so you will not feel cheat that you can not , I would like to see the minute who would not want to live forever if he could , ( continued ) - 112 - ( continued ~ 7 ) 39 cpl . paris would you want to live forever if you wife could not ? pvt , arnaud | I never think about that , cpl . paris would you press a button to live forever if it mean you wife have to die the second you press it ? pvt , arnaud : that 's not fair to ask - anyway , it 's impossible . what 's the sense of talk about what 's impossible ? pvt. ferol I would press a button to live forever even if the whole world have to die that second . cpl paris but then what would you do ? there to be no one to do anything with . pvt . ferol I would be alive - that 's what I would do . nothing 's more important than be alive , cpl , paris maybe it 's lucky we do not have choice like that . the sound of heavy footstep approach down the corridor , the man look at each other in absolute terror , pvt , arnaud ( not at all certain ) it 's not dawn yet . it 's only about midnight . ferol fall to he knee and begin praying softly . the heavy door swing open and a priest enter . he be a thin , sorrowful look man with bushy black hair . the door bang close behind he , priest good morning , my son , ( continued ) - 113 - ( continued - 8 ) 39 pyt , arnaud , Father , it 's not time yet , be 1t ? priest ' no , it 's only about midnight , : ferol remain on he knee and begin sobbing quietly , cpl , paris be there any news ? priest my son , you be soldier , after all - and I do not think I have to beat around the bush . I be afraid I bring you very bad news - you must prepare yourselves for the worst . Colonel dax tell I to tell you so . he have be in telephone contact with Army headquarters but he have . be unable to speak to General broulard - or for that matter , to any - one in authority . it 's the same way at division - no one want to be fount . pvt . arnaud how much time do we have ? priest you have plenty of time yet - cer - tainly more than enough to prepare yourselves , cpl . paris when be it schedule for ? priest shortly after daylight - probably . about seven o'clock , cpl , paris be you sure of the time ? priest quite sure - the whole regiment have be order to parade . they would not be parade in the dark , pvt , arnaud wl1l it hurt much , father ? ( continued ) - 124 - ( continued - 9 ) 39 priest I do not think you will feel a thing . this hour be the worst , but you mst use they to prepare you ~ selve , he walk over to ferol and begin softly intone some appropriate word , ferol fall forward kissing the black material and sobbing like a child . dissolve : int , lavish dine room - night : 4 of a forml dinner be in progress at a pgiitter banquet table . it be adorn by lovely - and not so lovely , lady in gossamer gowns , and aplendid officer clad in they formal dress -uniform . the table be grace with elegant table - ware and be overflow with food and wine , a orderly enter and walk to ral broulard be place , the General have @ mouth full of food , and he hastily daub he chin as the orderly whisper something in he ear , general broulard swallow , rise and excuse himself , he follow the orderly out of the dining room , up a wind - in staircase to a library off the minute hall . he enter alone . int , the library - night 4 oo - a colonel dax rise from a leather chair , salute and ex - tend he hand , general broulard return the salute , idly , and shake hand warmly . gen . broulard mischievous ly ) well Colonel , we meet again - good evening . col , dax ( starfly good evening , sir , I mst apolo - gize for disturbing you dinner like this . gen . broulard think nothing of it , Colonel , I be glad to get away from it . would you like a cigar ? ( continued ) - 115 - {continued - 1 ) 4 om a ( pieesantay ) leasantly no , thank you . smoke 's just about the last vice I have not acquire as yet . gen , broulard a drink , then -- what can I get for you ? col . dax some brandy , perhaps ? gen , broulard martel 's four-star ? col , dax wonderful , I would love some . gen , broulard ( pour two brandy ) Colonel , I mst confess I greatly admire you wit and charm earlier this afternoon , although you be 4 little rough with rousseau , hut. now I have to pay you another com - pliment - I admire you tenacity . I have be dodging you call all day . col , dax ( warming up ) you be extremely kind in you opinion of I , and certainly without equal in you gracious acceptance of this in - trusion . gen , broulard of the latter , I can only say , despite the strange conflict of ciroumstance we find ourselves embroil in right now , I have to admit that I enjoy you gompa ny - and I think I like you , probably because , underneath it all , I suspect we be both quite alike . col , dax ( pleasantly ) - you be very kind , sir . however , there be ope rather large difference between we , you be a professional ( continue ) ( continued ) - 116 - ( continued - 2 ) 4o - a col , dax ( cont to ) soldier and I be a amateur soldier , when this war be over , I shall be a lawyer but you shall be a soldier . and I suppose in a large measure we difference today be & reflection of that fact . broulard settles himself comfortably in a arm -chair , gen , broulard _{socd-naturediy ) well , you insist on be so fair - minded and present both side of the case , I shall have to say I agree with you . but seriously , there be much in what you have say , col . dax since this conversation be in private and most certainly off the record , my I say , sir , that I quite clearly see the Army 's grievance , the issue be cloudy and because of that I be quite able to mke it even cloudier . but I must in all honesty agree there be a legitimte grievance on the Army 's part . it be a indisputable fact that some man of the lead battalion never leave the trenches , I go forward ny - self under fire and find they huddle together like frighten child . grant the fire be wither and many of they would have be kill , never - ~ theless , they be in the trenches when they should have be move for= ward . I doubt if they presence in the assault would have vitally effect the result , but in all truth , who know ? -- perhaps it would have , : gen , broulard '' ( nodd ) no one can ever know . on the other hand , I mast admt it be perfectly obvious from the testimony and the casualty that , on the whole , the effort of the troops be very good , but we have get the problem of keep the effectiveness of the troops very good , what about the man who do go ( continue ) ( continued ) = 117 - ( continued - 3 ) 4 om a gen , broulard ( cont would ) over the top <= who get as far as the enemy wire -- who see they friend fall all around they ? what would they think if we let the shirker get away with it ? col . dax I believe you be sincere in what you say . I also agree that there be a great deal of merit in you position , but my I respectfully ask , in the confidence of this library , be not there yet another reason &t play in you decision to allow that man to die as example ? gen . broulard I can not lie to you , dax , you mow very well there be . but damn as it my sound , it be a secondary consideration , it be , in pact , you might say , make the most of a tragic situation . of course the General staff would like to shift the burden of failure off its own shoulder . why not ? we be subject to all kind of unfair pressure from ambitious civilian and politician . we think we be do a good job -- help France . why should we bear any more eriticism than we have to ? col , dax in other word , you feel that as long as the man be to some extent guilty of cowardice , and as long as it be truly necessary to set a example for the good of the other , you feel that be a kiwof lucky convenience for the General staff that it can also dump fhe responsibility of failure onto she man , gen , broulard that 's close to it . it 's no worse than when the police find some hood - lum shot dead in the street , they claim he to be the cause of one or two of they long outstanding unsolve ( continue ) ( continued ) - 118 - ( continued - 4 ) ona gen , broulard ( cont would ) crime , we can not undo the attack . we undertake it with sincere faith in its possibility . it be not in the oard , that 's all , col . dax General , I be really quite sym - pathetic to you point of view -- although I suppose it would be truer to say I understand you point of view . it finally come down to a clear moral issue that @pply both to the execution of the man a8 a example , and to the shift of blame onto innocent shoulder , you fcel that dis -e honest as it may be to blame the man for the staff 's failure , it none - theless serve a higher purpose . it help preserve the staff which be do good for France . it protect the staff from its critic who be perhaps more interested in personal ambition than in the good the country , I suspect you my also feel it be rather inhuman to select man at random from the battalion and have they execute as a example , but this top , will perhaps save other life in the future by welding the man of the Army into a more efficient fight force . gen , broulard very well put , dax , though somehow I take it you do not approve . col , dax there be people who might argue that good can not come from evil . that the end cannot be use to justify the mean , that if it be possible to do away with all the injustice and cruelty in the world at the expense of the murder of @ single innocent child , that they , woula think it wrong to kill the c. ° ( conrinued ) ~ 119 - ( continued - 5 ) 4 om a gen . broulard then you do not approve of the mean , but it 's easy for you when you do not have the responsibility of the arny to carry . ' col . dax I can hardly say I do not approve of the mean when I be about to employ a mean which it would be hard to say be more elevate . gen . broulard ( pleasantly ) I do not follow you , dax , col , dax despite the fact that I understand you reason , I be absolutely con - vince , all explanation consider , that the execution of that man to - morrow morning would be a monstrous and inhuran thing . my position be really very clear , at least to I . although for a while I be not sure my beif where I stand because I be blind by you reason , certainly there be something to be gain by kill that man , from a practical btandpoint , perhaps much more than by save they , in the end it come down to a very simple realization . execute that man be a brutal and inburain thing . I do not have to carry my moral searching any further than that . and I intend to stop it -- or zi should say , to have you stop it . gen . broulard ( politely certain dax ie lking through he ha how do you intend to do that ? ' col . dax I should rather not put a label on it . gen , broulard well , please go on then , I be all ear , ( continued ) - 120 - ( continued - 6 ) 4o - a col , dax it seem , General , that a certain Captain come to see I this after - noon , & Captain pelletier , commanding eattery B of division artillery . gen , broulard the name seem familiar , col , dax I believe you meet he briefly after the inquiry this afternoon -- some - thing about some shell fall short ? gen . broulard oh , yes , I recall now , col , dax would you be surprised to learn that General rousseau order Captain pelletier to fire on the french - trenches ? yes , into the french trenches .. during the attack , when the advance be falter in the german wire , General rousseau order Captain pelletier to open fire on the man who have not leave the trenches -- the so-called mutineer , Captain pelletier refuse to do this without &@ write order , General rousseau take the phone himself and order Captain pelletier , in front of the telephone clerk and Captain Nichols , the artillery spotter , to fire into we own trenches , again Captain pelletier refuse without a write order , again he be order and again he refuse , &ll in front of witness , gen , broulard Colonel , you be aware , I should hope , that General rousseau have place this Captain pelletier on report for some poorly register shota that fall short on we own man while they be advance . do you really believe this fantastic story which have obviously be concoct by Captain pelletier and he friend to cover up they own mistake ? 's ( continued ) oo -l2le ( confinued - 7 ) hon col , dax yes , General , ido , furthermore , I have swear deposition from all the principal concerned with this affair . and most important , I really do not care at this moment whether they story be true or not . it serve my purpose in either variation . in fact I should act the same even if I imew for a absolute certainty that they storey be entirely false , gen , broulard ( a dit shake ) you know , dax , I be beginning to find you attitude just a little annoying . I be really not use to be speak to in this manner , - col , dax ( a little hot under the collar I be sorry , General , I mean no offense or breach of good taste , but you - see , General , we be talk about the life of three man , gen , broulard frankly , despite the fact that I have no legal background , I can see quite clearly that this mtter of the artillery Captain be quite irrelevant to the charge against the condemn man , col , dax and I be not a newspaper pan or a politician but I can recognize in this situation of a french General order he own artillery to fire on he own french troops , the type of story that fire the imagination of the people . that bring forth every crusader for justice and the rights of man , that start the politician buzzing in the beck room -- all searcht : for one thing -- who be responsible for this outrage against justice and humanity ? once this self - righteously hysterical search for the ( continue ) ( continued ) ~ 122 - ( continued - 8 ) boa col . dax ( cont 'a ) responsible party begin only God mow where the accuse finger will come to rest , as often as not the issue will lose its true purpose and become a tool in the of un - scrupulous people who will use it for they own petty scheme , gen , broulard and why should anyone believe that man ? : col , dax for one reason , because they might want to . it might very nicely serve they purpose to believe the story . for another , because the story would be present and document by the Colonel in commrnd of the regiment , who be not under arrest , who have not commit any act of cowardice , who be a respected member of society , and last but not in any way least , who be & friend of many year stand with the french press through he activity as a lawyer in Paris , broulard get up , cross to he desk and grind out he cigar in a ash - tray , the full extent of he anger be only now beginning to show itself , gen , broulard ( t012y ) dax , you have more gall than anyone I have ever see . you interrupt ny dinner party . you barge in here when I have make it plain I do not want to see you . you show contempt for my rénk in the manner and tone you choose to dis - cuss thing , you press I on @ sub - ject I absolutely do not want to hear another thing about . I tolerate all this in as courteous a way as I know how «- and now you try to blackmail I . well that 's too mch , much too much , there be no further purpose this discussion can possibly serve . I should like you to leave . ( continued ) ( continued ~ dax collect - 123 '' 9 ) ho - a ; ose dax angrily I be not leave until I finish what I have «- gen , broulard ( cut in angrily ) you be leave right now , Colonel , remember Colonel this still be the Army . you be not back in the Paris salon yet . col , dax ( rigiaiy calming himself I will leave in a moment , General , please allow I to finish what I have to say . gen , broulard there 1s nothing else that I should care to hear , col , dax ( quietiy ) please , General , just for conscience sake please @llow I to finish , gen . broulard very well , dax =~ but I have really have quite enough . you must end this nonsense . he thought and calm himself . col , dax this thing have go much too far to wrap 1t up nicely without anyone get hurt . too mich have happen . someone 's get to get hurt . to my mind it come down to a simple little question == and that be , who ? who be go to get hurt ? there 's someone in this little mess who have fail - guy write all over he -- rousseau , his assault on the ant-hill fail , his order to fire on he own troops be refuse , his attempt to mrder three innocent man to cover for hin - self be uncover and prevent , and by who ? by what guardian of ( continue ) ( continued ) ' ~124 - ( continued ~ 10 ) 4 oma col , dax ( cont would ) justice and humanity ? -- why the general staff , of course , generali broulard , in specific , he step in at the last moment to set thing right . he call General rousseau to task for he vain , cruel and in - human device . yes , General , there be only one reasonably clean way out of this -- the pretty pink ribbon must go around rousseau 's neck . gen , broulard be you quite through ? col . dax yes , General , I be . gen , broulard you have a way of make 8 mockery of everything you say . perhaps , you be actually the worst one among we . but I have no intention of carry this any further . you know in you own heart what you be -~ that be enough . now please leave or I shall have to ring for my orderly to escort you out of here under arrest , col . dax ( convinced he be beat ) thank you for you time , General , good - it . he exit ) int , guardhouse = condemned men and priest - night al ferol have finish he confession and the priest have give he absolution , paris have be watch the pro~ ceeding like a snake curl up in the corner , the priest move towards paris softly dron a " hail Mary " . cpl . paris keep away from I ! look , father , you be a good fellow and all that - a pal , even , but do not start un - load that stuff around m , if the other want it , go off in the corner and give it to they . ( conpinued ) 2125 - ( continued ~ 1 ) paris be eye shine with a unnatural brilliance , word come a little too fast . priest I understand you anguish , wy son , but you must not harden you heart . cpl , paris why not ? -- afraid it might stop the bullet , priest it 18 God 's will + you must prepare yourself , God will forgive you you sin when you have repent they . cpl , paris why be 1 '' God 's will ? why mst I die ? I have do nothing to deserve this . paris seem on the verge of hysteria , priest God be love , and so you be create , and what God have give he may also take away , but , inevitably , be love , he taketh with love - know that and rejoice , cpl . paris I will tell you something , Father . back in oy home town there be a certain little bistro , with a &@muse sign over the bar , it say , ' do not be afraid to ask for oredit because we way of refuse be very polite , ! priest Paris , you be so full of hate and al fear -- why , you have not even write a letter to anyone , be not there someone you love ? cpl , paris I have no one I want to write to -- oh yes , there be someone -- 4 prostitute in bordeaux . but I have forget she name . I suppose that shock you , ( continued ) ~ 126 ( continued - 2 ) 4 ) he giggle nervously , priest do not Jesus himself mike he face to shine upon Mary magdalene ? do he not say that no man should Stone she unless that man himself be free of sin ?...88 no want be or ever will be . cpl , paris ( sneeringly ) you be tell I . maybe you can tell I what say about a guy get kill for no reason except some lunatic decide someone need some kill , priest he say , ' forgive they , Father , for they know not what they do , ! cpl . paris look , Father , I be bear in you faith , rear in it , practice it , but now I see it for what it be . a fraud and a deceit , Father . a worthless counterfeit . a vacuum enclose in empty promise , that 's you faith - and you can have it . no what about War , pestilence , in - justice and human misery ? priest they do not flourish to the degree they once do , my son , as a educate man , you must know that . you know that civilization have steadily improve since the dawn of Christianity . cpl , paris tt have steadily improve period -= right back to the time of the first minute , long before Christianity be ever hear of , otherwise , we would still be live in cave and kill each other with club . we would not be enjoy the blessing of shrapnel and poison gas = oh , yes - ani court - martial , ( continued ) - 127 - ( continued - 3 ) ql priest God do not expect perfection from we - only that we strive for it , and repent we imperfec - tion . what be really troubling yous my son ? why do you reject divine Grace ? surely not because there be mystery you have not penetrate , because the seem paradox and contradiction of wisdom eternal can not be reconcile with the tiny knowledge of the mortal mind . Fire can kill , can it not ? and water -- any and all of the element ? yet we must have they to survive . they be at once &@ biess and a curge -- to cite a paradoxical truth -- depend on how they be use , you accept . this thing . you recognize that life itself be a contradiction -- existence a miracle . know this tht '' seelng the proof of heavenly Intelligence all around you , how can you doubt the promise of saivation though it 1s make know to you in parables ? how can -< cpl , paris ( scream wildly ) stop it . stop it , stop it , I tell ou . I can not stand any more of this . jow leave I alone . leave I alone . priest do I offend you in any way ? cpl . paris look , you be drive I crazy - do not you understand ? everything about you offend I , that skirt you have get on . that necklace you be wear . 2 you mumbo-jumbo , now leave I alone = leave I alone ! priest in spite of you stupid bilaspheny , I forgive you in the name of -- ( continued ) - 128 — ( continued - 4 ) 421 cpl , paris ( go berserk ) stop torture I ~~ leave I blone.e . with that word he launch himself at the priest knock he down , ferol dive at he and they both crash to the floor , paris frees himself and make for the priest again , kick he in the stomach , arnaud tackle he and get a smash fist in the face for he trouble , during the fight , there be shout from the corridor and the sound of run footstep . the iron door swing open and a haif= dozen guard charge in use they rifle butt . paris make & wild dash at they and they try to block he , he scream and claw and bite and in general appear to have go completely mad . one of the guard finally club he senseless with he rifle butt . his head hit the concrete floor with a terrible pop sound , like a hard - boil eee be crack . the priest pray 811 through the struggle . ferol and arnaud watch with idle interest . priest ( sottay to himself Paris , grant you absolution , Tam sure it 18 God 's will , iam sure he understand and forgive , even as he understand and forgive when he own son cry out from the eross . ' my God , why have thou for - saken I ?! arnaud fall to he imee and begin preying . dissolve : inf , guardhouse - night 42 paris be stretch out on a straw bed , mutter in - coherentiy , his eye be open but stare blankly ahead . his face be cover with perspiration . a doctor with - draw a hypodermic from he arm and rise wearily , arnaud pace the floor , deeply withdraw into he own inner fantasy - he seem to have the absorption of a maniac in a institution , ferol and the priest watch , nearby . the doctor address a guard , the doctor be as cold as a fish , doctor well , that should keep he quiet long enough . it 's a nasty skull fracture , though = he may not live out the night . ( continued ) - 129 - ( continued - 2 ) ke quard what be we to do with he , sir , doctor I do not kmow = perhaps you should have finish the job while you be at it , priest surely , they will not execute this want in this state . doctor wo not they ? I call Colonel dax when I get the news , he be absolutely furious that this have happen . of course , I explain to he the poor chap go berserk and you fellow be up against it . nyway , he call division to try and get this fellow 's execution postpone . the conversation be short and not too sweet , from what I gather . the General say ' the medical officer will know what to do to get this fellow on hia foot for tomorrow morning ! = and hang up . well , I know only one way this fellow will ever be able to stand up and face a fire squad = you have to tie he to a stretcher so he will not slip when you tilt it vertically . maybe you can nail a couple of cross piece at each end and tie hin to that , I leave it to you . he move towards the door . doctor by the way , if he 's still alive in the morning , pinch he cheek a couple of time before you take he out on the field , it may make he open he eye , well , good - night , gentleman , I be go to try and get some bleep , ( he exit ) dissolve : 130+ various angle = parade ground ~ regimental band 43 sixteen man in dress uniform play a spirit march , the early morning sunlight glitter from they polished instrument . the musician appear to be deeply absorb in the small square book of music mount directly in front of they peff face . a short , fat sergeant vigorously conduct they . various angle - parade ground - the regiment ah form into 4 large , three sided , hollow square , space by regimental flag that flutter splendidly in a light breeze -- rifle at parade - rest , eye front , face blank and expressionless . - mud from the trenches still cake they uniform , here and there we see a familiar face «= lieutenand roget , captain sancy , lieutenant jonnart ( more ) and many of the soldier we have come to know , the regiment 's officer be distribute in small group in front of the line of man . Three black post , space about ten foot apart and back by & wood slope , form the fourth side of the square , a small detail of man stand near the execution post . it be a gloriously beautiful day . the sky be clear and cloud=swept . the air be full of bird - song , a slight early morning haze soften the brilliant color . general rousseau 45 and_a sm bqll party consist of major saint - auban , major couderc and @ dozen junior officer of he staff , be group apart from the regiment and closer to the execu - tion post , they stand at ease and converse in low tone . rousseau carry himself erect and proud , the chest of he dress tunic be cover with decoration . he give the definite impression he have well earn they , he be the perfect picture of a military run . colonel dax 46 stands not far from general rousseau be group . he be flanke by he adc , captain herbillion and several junior officer , bax 's face testify to the sleepless strain he have endure . however it be clear that have fail to prevent this dreadful occasion , he be grimly resolve to do he military duty . '' 131 + various angle - the firing squad not they stand at ease in three group of twelve man . sergeant boulanger pace slowly before they , as if measure each man for the job . sgt , boulanger ' this be a duty you have to perform . it 18 like any other duty in the army , and it mst be perform properly . the better you do it , the easier it will be for the con - demme man , ten~hawpi on the command you will load rifle , squaa - - od , haw ! thirty -six bolt clatter back and forth . sgt , boulanger on the command you will unload rifle , squaa - - ~ be un - haw , the bolt snap back ejeot a gleam oopperncase cartridge , the clean - grease rifle breech remiin open , a new cartridge reste in the clip , ready to be snap : forward into fire position , sgt , boulanier on the command you will load rifle , squaa - ds , haw , the bolt clatter forward , s@t , boulanger squaand , shoul - - der , haw ! first squad , column right , hawp ] .. sergeant boulanger bellow the necessary command to move the three rifle squad into position about ten yard from the execution post , ext , guardhouse 48 sergeant gonoud arrive with he escort . there be twelve guard and four stretcher bearer , the guard have fix bayonet . int , guardhouse = dawn 4g arnaud and ferol hear the sound of the escort approach . they both seem to be wrack by a terrible chill that ren - der they movement almost beyond they control . they ( continued ) - 132 - ( continued - 1 ) 4g eye be wildly feverish and fairly shine with the un - controllable terror that have seemingly possess every cell and nerve in they body , they head hang for ~ ward as if the weight of carry they be excessive . breath seem to come in quick raspy gasp . paris lie unconscious on the straw , the priest move towards they . priest courage , my son ~ the worst be over . the two man cower like frighten animal , apparently oblivious to anything but the sound of approach foote step . the heavy iron door creak open , sergeant gonoud enter follow by the guard be stretcher bearer . suddenly the room 18 orowd with activity . the stretcher= - bearer begin lash paris to a specially prepare stretcher . no one seem to be pay any attention to arnaud and ferol who stare at gonoud almost as if they expect he to shoot they right there on the spot , Sat , gonoud good-morn , man . pvt , arnaud nsmile lnappropriately ) good , sergeant . how be you today ? s@t. gonoud not too bad , how be you boy ? pvp , arnaud ( giggle oh , we be just fine . you miss a wonderful dinner last night . sit , gonoud ( wait for the man to finish with paris yes , I hear about that , sound very good . what do you have ? pvt , arnaud ( stare off into bpace , then smile as if strike by som inner joke ) roast beef = very juicy , too . and pastry , ami -— ( continued ) 133-2 ( continued - 2 ) 4g arnaud lapse off into & private reverie , sergeant gonoud be conversation be much the same as the pro - fessional bed time manner of a doetor with a die patient . pvt , ferol ( almost inaudibly low ) have you get a drink for we ? sgt , gonoud of course , I almost forget , here take a good swig of this , ferol take several full swallow , he shiver as the warmth spread through he body . gonoud take the canteen and hand it to arnaud , paris 18 now securely tie to the stretcher . gonoud take note of this and glanme at he watch . he take the cane teen away from arnaud , s@t , gonoud well , let 's get busy = what 's the use of hang around here ? ( to stretcher - bearer ) : all right , let 's go - pick up that stretcher . the guard fall in around the condemn man . sot . gonoud come on , you two = courage . soon it '11 all be over and you will be in a better place than iam . here , take one . . ( offer cigarette ) each man take one , they hand shaking 60 badly they can hardly light up . the stretcher be lift , bear paris , he be still unconscious but breathe heavily , the priest fall in next to arnaud and ferol and bow he head in silent prayer . s@t , g@qnoud Ali right , let 's move out . they file out awkwardly . - 134 - ext , various angle 50 the grim procession wind its way into the bright sun - shine , the prisoner blink in the dazzle light , each prisoner be surround by four guard . the guard do not speak , ignore the oocasional remark come from one of the condemn as if the doom man be afflict with some deadly and infectious disease , with which any contact would be deplorable , pvt , ferol ( whimper ) Father == please , the priest move alongside ferol and intone some in - audible spiritual support . various angle : 51 the colum stop at a grove of tree near the entrance to the parade ground , PA be lower to the ground . sergeant gonoud give each mfin another swig at the canteen . then he walk to the stretcher , he kneel beside paris . sergeant gonoud be a good man and find this day a great trial to he endurance and to he sense of duty , with great repugnance he reach down and pinch paris be cheek , nothing happen . he pinch again , several time . paris stir , uneasily , gonoud 1s determine to do he duty despite the apparently horrible course it must take , he pinch he a few more time , then slap he smartly . paris stir and he eyelid flutter open . cpl , paris ( weakly ) this be really live . do I get wounded ? Sat , gonoud yes , but it 's not a bad wound , cpl , paris where be we go ? sgt . gonoud to the hospital . be you okay ? cpl , paris never feel better in my life . ( lapse off , then open he eye with a start , mumble ancoherent ly ) never a boy have wept nor dash a thousand lrim -- ( continued ) 2135 - ( continued - 1 ) 51 sgt . gonoud what do you say ? cpl , paris ( mitter - some word unintelligible ) I will not leave the table any more - I promise , papa . here , give it to I , I want to give it to she , I do not mean that , under the -- Mam , I be sorry -- I be not hungry any more -- it 's as plain as the nose on you face , he do not mean what he say , mn the soap ducket -= open the soap ducket , . I love you papa -- ilo -- ve= e@ y - ~ ( die ) sgt , gonoud ( slapping ) Paris =~ Paris ? quard he 's dead , sir , sot .gonoud ( to himself ) God forgive I , he stand up , shakily . he walk back to the other . ferole be on he imee praying . gonoud offer arnaud the canteen again , pyt . arnaud ( shrilly ) aiat they let I take my jacket ° ( pa sit , soe easantly we will see , pvt , arnaud ( giggle you know , it just occur to I , a funny thing . I have not have a bingle sexual think since they draw the lot . that 's really extra - ordinary , do not you think ? ( conrzmup ) - 136 ~ ( continued - 2 ) 51 suddenly , arnaud be blind by a rush of tear , he sink to the grass , sobbing uncontrollably and clutching at gonoud be leg . the two guard pull he to he foot , sqt , gonoud ( desperately ) arnaud , pull yourself together , Act like a man , listen , arnaud -- be you listen to I ? pvt , arnaud ( sobbing ) yes , sgt , gonoud there will be newspaper man and dig - nitary out there . you have a wife and a family , how do you want to be remember ? - pvt , arnaud ( sobbing } I do not want to die , I do not want to die . sqt , gonoud none of we want to die , but we all will , many of we here will be join you before this war be over . now how do you want to be remember ~~ as @ hysterical weakling , or as a soldier ? pyt. arnaud I do not care . I do not want to die . save I , sergeant «~« save m , please . sgt , gonoud I can not save you . no one can now , it will not be so bad . there be worse thing that can happen to a minute , now look , this be the last decision you will have a chance to make on earth . it 's entirely up to you , you can pull yourself together and act like a minute = or we can drag you out there . in the end 1t!11 be the same , it 's up to you , ( continued ) ~ 137 - ( continued - 3 ) 51 this last speech seem to have have a effect on arnaud , he pull himself up , still shaking with uncontrollable convulsion from cry . in the background the band have provide &n ironic contrast in mood , play a spirite march , ' sqt , gonoud courage , mo - you can do this properly . I know you can . pvt , arnaud ( quietiy} let I take my jacket off ! sqt , gonoud help he off with he jacket , the jacket be remove @ bit roughly . the guard be over - zealous and nervous , gonoud issue the appropriate order to form up and the colum move off again for the last . time . paris be hand have slip off the stretcher and grotesquely bob up and down , one of the guard gingerly place it back at he side . various angle = parade ground 52 the condemn man and they escort pause at the edge of the grassy field , sergeant qonoud give the final order and they parade out past the regiment . during the pause , the band abruptly stop play , as the column move fore ward again , 1t be accompany by a muffle , dirge - like drum , - 48 if each slow beat mark another beat of time less for the condemn man to live , we shall intercut various shot of the man of the regiment with the condemn as they pass in a kind of grim review , we cannot avoid notice the ironic contrast between the impressive military formation , stand at attention , regimental banner crack in the breeze = and the pathetic shuffle of the prisoner , ‘he vibrance of the Bunny morning with the blacken execution pole , the sound . of bird - song and tree rustling , with the funereal drum , ferol still pray , the priest alongside . arnaud carry himself properly , and only someone close - ~by might notice the animil panic in he eye . ( continued ) ~, =138 - ( continued - 1 ) 52 a smmll group of civilian be stand off to one side . several wear black coat and tail , top-hat , one of they bend over @n ancient look camera , mount on a huge tripod , arnaud notice this with satisfaction and draw himself up to he full height . a few moment later , as the column pass general rousseaux group , arnaud turn , majestically to general rousseau , pvt , arnaud ( great disdain ) assassin ] -- watch a hero die , his guard press in closely but they be not need . he turn away , solemnly and continue , by now , we have get appropriate reaction from almost all the prune pais in the regiment : lieutenant roget , colonel '' captain sancy , private meyer , et al . other angle = the execution post 53 the colum come to 4 halt . ' the black post be space about ten foot apart . Three squad of twelve riflemen each be place opposite each pole , they stand at parade - rest in double row of six . they be about twenty - five foot from the pole . the prisoner be bound to the pole in such 4 way that they lifeless body will still be support . paris be stretcher be propped up against the pole , he hang forward grotesquely hold by rope , as condemn prisoner often be , arnaud and ferol be very anxious to do every= thing correctiy . they willingly place they arm just so . they both possess the unexplainable cooperativeness of the condemn , : the fire squad stand motionless , the priest continue he spiritual effort . sergeant gonoud and boulanger &re everywhere check and double check , sqt . gonoud {to arnaud do you want a blindfold ? pyr , arnaud no , please , no blindfold . ( confinued ) - 139 - ( continued - 1 ) 53 — — sgt . gonoud ( to ferol ) do you want a blindfold ? pvp , ferol yes , various angle - intercut 5h during the above action , at the appropriate moment , we will cut away to get reaction from certain principal , from the prisoner * viewpoint 55 the follow action be all play from the prisoner ! viewpoint . verything be see in long shot and either unheard or hear indistinctly . fhe drum roll , major couderc solemnly walk to the center of the parade ground , the regiment seem a solid wall , he raise a sheet of paper , major couderc ( slowly in the name of the french people , on this day , the fourteenth day of the month of September in the year of we Lord , one thousand , nine hundred and fifteen , the verdict of the summry Court martial of the chateau de l'aigie , will be fulfily accordingly '' the soldier maurice ferol , Pierre arnaud and henri Paris , of the one hundred and eighty - first regiment of the fourth division , have be prove guilty of cowardice in the face of the enemy during the attack on the enemy line on September twelve of the year of we Lord , one thousand , nine hundred and fifteen , be to be execute by rifle fire in accordance with the judgment of the summary Court martial . during the last third of major couderc be speech , the fol - low action begin . it 1s see in long - shot and noth : can be hear of the dialogue , the length of major 's speech will be alter accordingly to fit the follow action . ( continued ) - 1h0 - ( continued - 1 ) 55 general broulard be black staff car pull slowly to a halt at the edge of the parade ground . the soldier - chauffeur open the rear door , the fat Colonel , do guerviliz who we have see before as a member of general broulard be staff , exite stiffly , carry a brief - case , a t&ll junior officer detach himself from general rousseaux group and hurry to the car , the two officer exchange salute and converse briefly , the junior officer salute again and lead the colonel to general rousseau , they exchange salute and converse briefly . the colonel produce &n envelope froma brief - case . rousseau open it and read from & single piece of paper , he lower the paper slowly , he s&y a few word to the colonel , the colonel shake he head , rousseau glance at the paper again . at this moment , mijor couderc finish read the death sentence , and return to rousseaux group , rousseau speak to several junior officer . one of they salute and turn to & non - com , the non- com salute and jog across the field to the fire squad , he salute and address sergeant boulanger , sergeant gonoud join they , ' the non - com salute and walk away sergeant boulanger walk to the front of the fire squad , sgt , boulanger squashd , right shoulder , haw . he issue the appropriate command to march the fire squad away . the band strike up & spirite march , other order be shout indistinctly in the background . the non - com begin to march the regiment off the parade grounds , another angle - the condemned men 56 sergeant gonoud he face split by a grin , run up to the prisoner , sgt . gonoud you boy really have a friend some place , General broulard 's gust commute you sentence to thirty day in the guardhouse , here , get this man untied . I drink to you health , ( swig deeply at canteen ) ( continued ) - 241 - ( continued - 1 ) 56 the guard detail st les with the rope , they smile sheepishly . arnaud suddenly go berserk , he grimace and begin snort and drool , partially free , he jerk away from the execution stake , a rope still hold he ankle . he spill over on he face , he claw at the ground , the guard gently try to calm hin , at the same time , ferol smile smugly as he be untied . pvt , ferol I know it ! I know 1 '' , by God , I know it ! I know I would not die . I know it ! another angle - general rousseau 57 he have drift off by himself , his staff seem to have wander off . he stand alone , a beat figure , in the background the regiment be be briskly march off the parade ground to the accompaniment of unintelligible shout command and the brassy strain of a french mrch , dax approach he , col , dax good-morn , General , gen , rousseau ( 4e211y ) good-morn , Colonel , they both stand at a loss for word , rousseau look up sharply . gen . rousseau perhaps you will be interested to ' mow , Colonel , that in addition to this magnificent , last minute bit of grand opera on the part of General broulard , I have be relieved of my command , pend further inquiry . col . dax ( sincerely ) I be sorry to hear that , sir , I hope you will believe I 1 for I say that , in spite of what I think of you handle of this ... affair , have always have the great professional respect for you . I mean you no personal harm , ( continued ) - 142 - ( continued ~ 1 ) gen , rousseau ( bitterly ) I believe you , Colonel , there be nothing like real regret for brighten a bad conscience . col , dax ( peeve ) I can assure you , sir , there be nothing whatsoever on my conscience . gen , rousseau well , then you must be very proud of yourself , Colonel , col , dax I thank God this terrible thing do not happen , I will say it again , I be not proud of do injury to you , bir . I have always regard you as a@ fight commander , a rarity in any army , it will be a great loss to the army if you ability be put aside , due to this , gen , rousseau be there any doubt in you mind , Colonel , that I shall receive the full share of credit for all this ? col , dax if it 's any consolation to you , sir , you must be aware that it be not altogether unlikely that I my expect some little momento of the staff 's displeasure , as soon as everything quiet down , rousseau look around at the regiment march away . it be apparent that he be not without a great deal of devotion for he man , whatever he action may have be , gen , rousseau would you care to walka little way with I , Colonel . col , dax qhank you , sir , I would be very happy oe ( continued ) - 143 - ( continued ~ 2 ) 57 gen , rousseau this may sound like sour grape , but , ina way , I be not sorry for myself , perhaps , I be even glad it 's over and do with , someone once say , ' the two essential ine gredient of progress be fire and uneral , ! perhaps @ man can grow weary of be the instrument of that kind of progress , they wall along in a friendly silence , gen , rousseau ( expansi vely ) which one of we be on the side of the angel , I womer , col , dax I be not sure I follow you , sir . gen , rousseau well , take , for instance , the case of the early Christians , what be it , perhaps more than anything else , that strengthen and solidify they ? -= persecution , would not you say ? . the cruelest kind of injustice . tyranny give birth to the magna carta , callousness and indifference to human welfare bring about the french : Republic . and so on through History . tt my be that progress come really through & kind of challenge . and who be to say that if that man have be shot today , that it would not have be @ step towards the end of a cer - tain kind of despotism in the army ? col . dax General , you have a very strange theory there . I be not at all sure that I agree with you , gen , rousseau I be not at all sure I agree with my - self . you know , perhaps when they say mn be a rational aninal , what they really mean be that he have a limitless ability to rationalize , ( continue ) ( continued ) ( continued ~ they walk in up brightly . ~144 . 3 ) 57 gen , rousseau font to ) to make excuse for himself , to feel self - righteous no mtter what he do , I do not know why I be rambling on like this , probably be - cause there 's nothing leave for I to do but talk , you know , Colonel , I be undoubtedly a very wick man - but I do not feel wick inside , though , I suppose that 's a prerequisite for be label truly wick , col , dax label be fine for tin can , but not for people . I dont know , perhaps every minute be as righteous as the circumstance of he life allow he to be , gen , rousseau : that do not explain very much , Colonel , col , dax perhaps there be no explanation , perhaps we do what we have to , but , you know , I be just think of & conversation I once have with a client of mine who be a atheist . I ask he how he could possibly believe that Christianity be a failure - that it have not work ? very simple , he say . it be never try , & meditative silence , rousseau finally look gen . rousseau . Colonel , may I ask you to join m at the chateau for some coffee ? col , dax I would be very happy to , sir . I might even suggest something a little stronger , if it be not too early for you . ( continued ) ~ 145 - ( continued = 4 ) 57 rousseau laugh and put he arm around dax be shoulder , gen , rousseau it be not too early for I , Colonel . in fact , I would say it be rather late , they walk away from the camera. of the band be hear , the last fade strain fade out : the end