the BOX written by Richard Kelly base on the short story " button , button " by Richard matheson sep 30th , 2006 over a blaci : screen : cricket chirp in the night . a doorbell ring . sheet rustle ... a bedside lamp be turn on . int . lewis house -- master bedroom -- night norma lewis ( 31 ) sit up in bed . the soft glow of the lamp cast she in silhouette . her husband , arthur lewis ( 30 ) , lie next to she . norma do you hear something ? arthur the doorbell . norma be you sure that be the doorbell ? from down below ... the doorbell ring again . arthur yep . Norma retrieve she watch from the bedside table . arthur ( cont 'd ) what time be it ? norma Quarter ' till five . Norma get out of bed and throw on she bathrobe . Arthur sit up , hair stick up in every direction . he have sideburn that run down the side of he face like dagger . int . lewis house -- foyer -- next Norma come down the stair and approach the front door . she look through the peephole . through the peephole ... she glimpsis a black sedan idling in the street . it quickly drive off . Norma unlatch the dead bolt and open the door . she notice something at she foot . 2 . someone have leave a cardboard BOX on the front step . it 's dimension be 1 ' x 1 ' x 1 ' she lean down and pick up the box , notice that it have be meticulously seal with clear tape . there be no marking on it whatsoever . Norma look down the quiet , empty street . she quickly close the door and turn inside and away from the cold air . Arthur arrive at the bottom of the stair . arthur what be it ? norma someone leave a box . arthur who ? norma I do not know . there be a car wait ... but they drive off . Norma hand the box to Arthur . he examine it . male voice ( o.s. ) be that one of my Christmas present ? they young son , walter lewis ( 9 ) , be stand at the top of the stair . he be dress in he pajamas . his parent just stare back at he in silence . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- moment later the Lewis family have now move into the kitchen . wrapping paper and christmas ornament be scattered across the table . Norma be pour coffee . Arthur be cut through the tape that seal the box with a knife while walter look on eagerly . walter should I close my eye ? arthur maybe ... it 's up to you . Arthur open the lid and see that there be foam peanut inside . he dig down and retrieve a wooden BOX . its dimension be 8 " x 8 " x 8 " . 3. the box be make of white oak with a clear varnish . mounted on top be a clear glass dome attach to a lid with a hinge mount . Inside of the dome be a cylindrical metal button . norma be there a note ? Arthur reach inside the box and retrieve a small white envelope . printed on the envelope in calligraphy be the name : mrs . lewis arthur it 's for you , Norma . Norma open the envelope and remove a fold piece of white stationary . printed in elegant calligraphy be a single sentence : mr. steward will call upon you at 5:00 pm . norma Mr. steward will call upon you at 5 pm . ( to herself ) do I know a Mr. steward ? Arthur yawn . arthur I dunno . you tell we . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- later that morning Arthur be now shower and shaven , dress for work . he and walter sit at the kitchen table , wait for Norma to deliver breakfast . the box sit on the table between they . Arthur open up the newspaper . insert shot : richmond time -dispatch ... friday , december 17 , 1976 . banner headline : OPEC say to decide on split hike Arthur turn the page . 4. arthur what kind of car be it ? norma I could not see . it be dark and 1 do not have my contact in . walter why would they just drive off ? norma I do not know . but the bus will be here if five minute ... so eat . ext . lewis house -- front walk -- moment later Norma and walter emerge from the house onto the front porch . she hand he he lunch BOX and a winter hat . snow have begin to fall from the sky . walter last day of school and now it start to snow ?! norma put on you hat ... a young girl , dana ( 13 ) be wait at the end of the sidewalk . she be wrap head - to - toe in warm clothes ... earmuff and scarf around she neck . dana ( muffle through scarf ) hi Mrs. Lewis . norma good morning , dana . ( shivering ) and please call I Norma . you be make I feel old . walter you be old ! norma I be thirty - one ! walter to we that 's old ! you be a geezer ! norma well you will be a geezer one day too , smarty - pants . 5 . Norma close she eye , take in a breath of cold air . snowflake land in she face and hair . walter sigh ... look at he watch . walter why do the bus stop have to be at the end of we driveway ? norma ( high - pitched ) so I can watch my little walter get on he bus ... safe in one piece ! down the street , a school bus begin to crest the hill ... fast approach ... walter please . go. Inside . you be embarrassing I . norma my love embarrass you ? walter yes . yes it do . she begin to walk down the sidewalk ... taunting he as the bus approach . norma what if I give little walter a little kiss in front of all he friend on the school bus ? dana 's eye widen . a mischievous grin emerge from behind the scarf that cover the lower part of she face . dana do it ! the bus be fast approach ... brake squealing as it slow to a stop . walter do not come any closer ! Norma give he a big hug and a kiss right as the bus door open . a bunch of older kide stare out the window ... scowling at he . walter push away from she and stomp up onto the bus ... mortify . dana follow he . 6 . norma dana ... you be baby -sitting for we tonight , right ? dana eight o'clock ? norma eight o'clock . dana okay . dana get on the bus . bud wall ( 30 ) , the bus driver , smile at Norma . he be a enormous giant of a man with a shave head . norma Bus - Driver Bud ! merry Christmas ... bud we last day ! normal I know ! bud it will all be over soon , Norma . he stare at she for a moment that be almost too long ... then shut the door to the bus . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- moment later Arthur sit at the table ... read the morning paper . the camera zoom into the comic section ... revealing the panel of the comic strip rex morgan , md . Arthur begin read the voice of rex morgan and he girlfriend JUNE . arthur ( as rex Morgan ) do you realize that this be the first time in my life that I will be take more than a week 's vacation , June ? Norma arrive in the kitchen . she now have a slight limp . arthur ( cont - D ) ( as June , hi-pitch ) and enjoy it ! do not worry about the office ! .4 7. norma rex Morgan ... I need you back here no later than seven . rehearsal dinner start at eight . Arthur grab he briefcase and a basketball . arthur the Viking squad have a game at four . norma do not get stick in Friday traffic ... arthur okay June . he start bounce the ball on the kitchen floor . she grab the ball in mid bounce ... annoyed with he . norma not in the house ! arthur how 's you foot ? norma it 's fine . she push he toward into the family room ... open the door that lead out to the garage . they exit the house and the camera drift back toward the kitchen table ... move in toward the box . ext . lewis house -- driveway -- moment later the garage door open and both of the lewis family car back out at the same time , almost choreograph in perfect unison . Arthur drive a silver 1975 pontiac tran - am . Norma drive a white 1976 oldsmobile station wagon with wood wall . they pull out onto monument avenue , car point in opposite direction . Arthur roll down he window . arthur it 's you Christmas present . norma from you ? B. arthur from you secret lover . ( beat ) Mr. steward . she furrow she brow . norma ( sarcastic ) I hate you , rex Morgan md . arthur ( playful ) I hate you , too . norma do not be late tonight . arthur I have get you present at work . it 's almost finish . he smile ... then peel off down monument Ave . from Norma 's rear view mirror ... Arthur 's car disappear down the road . she reach up to re-adjust ... she eye appear in the mirror 's reflection . insert : Norma 's virginia license plate . the oldsmobile drive down the street in the opposite direction . ext . downtown richmond -- morning helicopter shot : the camera crest over the barren winter forest on the southeast side of the city ... tipping up to reveal downtown richmond , virginia . radio voice ( v.0 . ) it 's twenty - three degree on this December morning here in Richmond ... the camera move over the downtown expressway ... heavy traffic move in either direction . the camera approach the side of arthur' tran - am as it crest around the interstate exchange onto route 64 at the historical clock tower of MAIN STREET train station . 9 . radio voice ( v.0 . ) ( cont - D ) the french government , in what be see here as a gesture to President - elect Jimmy Carter , announce Thursday a further tightening of control over the exportation of nuclear technology . the camera swoops down alongside the driver 's side of Arthur 's car ... move into the side view mirror . his face reflect in the mirror ... listen to the radio as he begin he southbound commute to work . ext . collegiate school -- morning the camera pull back from .a sign at the entrance to collegiate ... a exclusive private school . Norma 's station wagon pull into the school parking lot . int . collegiate school -- hallway -- moment later the camera track with Norma as make she way through the crowded hallway ... fill with loud teenager from the age of 9 - 18 . her limp . have get worse . she wink at someone ... then turn a corner and the camera whip around to reveal walter stand at he locker . he close the door , revealing dana and another friend name charle ( 12 ) stand there . dana why do you mom limp ? charle yeah ... be something wrong with she foot ? walter that 's none of you business . charle dana see she take she shoe off in the parking lot yesterday . dana there 's definitely something wrong with she foot . it look mangle . charle you do not say mangle ... you say it look gross . walter lunge at Charles and push he up against the locker ... awkwardly try to fight he . 10 . they continue to wrestle awkwardly for a moment against the locker and then walter let go ... back away . walter if you ever make fun of my mom again I will kill you ! walter storm off down the hall . int . collegiate school -- office -- moment later the camera move through the school office as teacher and receptionist move about in preparation for the last day , approach a frosted glass door that read : dr . william H. poate int . collegiate school -- principal' office -- next Norma sit across from the desk of william poate ( 45 ) , the principal of the school . poate the uhhh ... the board come to a vote last week , so it 's official . they have officially cancel the faculty tuition discount . norma so what do that mean for I ? p oate S you be go to have to start pay full tuition for you son . norma start when ? poate next semester . Norma notice a SMALL drop of blood form in he right nostril . norma okay . poate I be real sorry about this , Norma . 11 . norma yeah , I too . I have get three week to figure out how to tell my son we can not afford to send he to collegiate any more . the drop of blood have begin to flow down onto he upper lip . poate like I say , I be real sorry . norma yeah ... you nose be bleed . poate reach for he handkerchief and put it to he face , wiping off the blood . the morning bell ring . int . collegiate school -- hallway -- moment later Norma walk hurriedly down the empty hallway . her limp have get worse as the morning grind have now begin . int . collegiate school -- science lab -- moment later Norma come into she classroom ... a science lab with sink and bunsen burner mount in marble top desk . kid be move about ... loud and rambunctious . norma okay ... everyone quiet down ! take you seat ! Norma move toward a stack of metal trays on she desk . Inside of each tray be a ball of black mush . norma ( cont - D ) today be the day many of you have be eagerly await . you get to dissect owl pellet . a male student ( 13 ) pump he fist ... male student # 1 yes ! Norma set a owl pellet down in front of a female student ( 12 ) . she look at the owl pellet in disgust . female student # 1 this be so gross . Norma set a tray down in front of Charles . 12. charle why do they call it a owl pellet ? a male student ( 12 ) next to he take he tray from Norma . male student # 2 because they shit out of they mouth . norma hey ... watch the language . you say another cuss word I have gotta send you to detention , okay ? male student # 2 sorry , Mrs. Lewis . female student # 1 be it true ? norma be what true ? female student # 1 that owl poo out of they mouth . norma yes ... this be true . the classroom gasp in disgust ... other laugh . norma ( cont - D ) grey forest owl feed upon field mouse , squirrel and small bird . the owl will then regurgitate the bone and waste matter in a ball of black mucous . Inside this mucous you will likely find the entire skeleton of its prey . Norma go to the front of the room and lower a screen . norma ( cont - D ) I be go to show you a film about the digestive process of the owl , and how the owl pellet be form . the classroom whisper with excitement . ext . NASA langley research CENTER -- entrance gate -- morning Arthur pull through the entrance gate at the NASA langley research CENTER . he retrieve he badge from the dashboard and show it to the guard . 13. ext . NASA langley facility -- MAIN STREET -- moment later Arthur 's car drive down MAIN STREET on the campus of the research center . the building be predominately drab , functional , one story brick structure .. surround by various globe structure and pipe network on manicure green lawn . int . NASA langley facility -- corridor -- moment later the camera track with Arthur as he move through the crowded corridor of one of the research building . he say hello to various colleague along the way . all of the man at the facility be dress the same ... with white shirt and tie and pocket protector badge . the place resemble a all - male community college for young scientist . int . NASA langley facility -- media room -- moment later Arthur ease he way into the small , crowded auditorium that serve as a media room . a PRESS conference be underway . norm cahill ( 40s ) , the viking project coordinator , be stand at the podium . next to he be a overhead projector with map and various schematics project from it onto a large screen . reporter # 1 it 's be five month since the Viking lander touch down on the surface of Mars . we have see dozen of photograph of the rock cover surface ... what can you now tell we about the test you have be conduct ? be there any sign of life on the red planet ? Arthur take a seat in the back of the auditorium . cahill well ... there be three separate test that we have be conduct ... pyrolytic release , label release and Gas Exchange . the first two test , base on soil sample about 22 centimeter deep , come back negative ... and the third be ... still pend . cahill smile . laughter erupt from various part of the auditorium . 14 . reporter # 1 can you elaborate on test number three ? cahill place a transparent map of the mar surface on the overhead projector and begin to draw on it with a wax pencil . cahill the gas exchange experiment measure the production or uptake of c02 , nitrogen , methane , hydrogen , and oxygen during the incubation of the martian soil sample . reporter # 2 be you show we all of the photo ? be there little green man up there ? laughter from the press . cahill well ... there be a possibility that the planet abound with chemical compound produce by live system . they chemical nature , distribution and structural uniqueness could be use to argue the presence of microscopic live organism on Mars . as cahill move on to the next question ... Arthur tap the reporter on the shoulder . arthur it all come down to water . Arthur point to a overhead satellite photo of utopia planitia , a raise level of martian terrain in the vicinity of the site where viking ii land . there be dry river - bed formation in the soil . arthur ( cont - D ) if we find water beneath the surface ... and the topographic map of utopia planitia indicate that there be once river on the surface of the planet , it 's possible that we will eventually find evidence of life . 15 . int . collegiate school -- science lab -- moment later the owl pellet film be underway . Norma sit in the back of the class next to the projector . she cross she leg ... reach for she foot ... massage it gently . she cringe ... clearly in intense pain . Charles look back at she ... notice this . they make eye contact ... and Charles turn back to the screen . int . NASA langley facility -- cahill' office -- morning Arthur now sit across from cahill in he office . behind he be a window that overlook a huge laboratory . cahill I be sorry Arthur , but they have deny you application to be admit into the astronaut program . Arthur look crush . arthur I see . ( beat ) can I ask why ? cahill I be sorry , son ... but they do not tell we why . int . NASA langley facility -- laboratory -- later on the camera track through a large laboratory in the heart of one of the main building on the langley campus . work table assemble with laboratory equipment and machinery extend out into infinity as dozen of young men , all dress in similar white shirt with NASA id badge move throughout , engage in various task . Arthur be stand at a laboratory table with a white mask on . he be wear a lab coat and glass . he pour pink liquid onto the surface of a metal pan ... fill it to the edge . a colleague name wendell jame ( 29 ) walk over to see what he be do . 16 . arthur be they really with-hold some of the Mars photo ? wendell I do not know , man . Jesus ... what 's that smell ? arthur it 's a salinic compound . wendell what be you make ? arthur Christmas present for Norma . Arthur retrieve a white ceramic mold . the mold have a extrusion that be shape like a woman' foot ... only the end of the foot be round and miss its toe , save for the pinky toe . wendell a new prosthesis for she foot ? arthur yep . Arthur carefully impress the mold of he wife 's foot into the pink goop ... sealing the mold at the edge into the tray . wendell what do you change up this time ? arthur the compound they be develop for the pilot chair on the space shuttle . int . collegiate school -- science lab -- next insert : the bone of a field mouse have be re-assembled in rough form within the tray ... as the owl pellet have be rip apart . the tray belong to Charles , and he have grow tired of dissect the owl pellet . he look up to the head of the class and see that Norma be sit up on she desk ... filing she nail ... wait out the last remain minute of the period . charle Mrs. Lewis ? 17 . she raise she head . norma hmmm ? charle what happen to you foot ? she just stare at he . norma what happen ... to my foot ? charle yeah . ( beat ) my friend ... she see you take you shoe off . she say ... that there 's something wrong with it . the whole class go silent . Norma begin to blush . she look down at she right foot , hide inside of a close - toe shoe . norma well ... it 's a long story . she look at she watch . norma ( cont 'd ) we have get five minute until second period . she look back at she class and see that they curiosity have be pique . she have no choice now but to tell they . norma ( cont 'd ) alright ... I will tell you what happen to my foot . int . NASA langley facility -- laboratory -- next Arthur sit at the table with wendell ... wait for the mold to dry . Arthur be deal a deck of card as they begin a game of gin rummy . arthur when she be seventeen ... still live in Texas , she brother drop a barbell on she foot ... break three of she toe . 18. int . collegiate school -- science lab -- next the camera pan across the face of student as they listen to she tell the story . norma and so I go to see the doctor . he go to take a x-ray of my foot to see if the bone be break . int . NASA langley facility -- laboratory -- next Arthur discard ... then retrieve a replacement card from the stack . arthur so this dumb-ass Richmond doctor take the x-ray ... then he go to check on another patient down the hall . Arthur discard a king . arthur ( cont 'd ) this dumb --ass ... he leave the x- ray machine on . wendell Jesus . that 's not good . int . collegiate school -- science lab -- next Norma raise up she right shoe to show the class . norma they find out that the tissue in four of my toe have be completely I destroy by the radiation . Norma swivel around on the desk and place she right foot against she leave inner thigh . norma ( cont 'd ) so they have to amputate four of my toe . and then they have to take a bunch of skin from my inner thigh to cover the front of my foot . this be back in 1963 ... so they do not have the skin graft technique they do now . 19 . int . NASA langley facility -- laboratory -- next Arthur stand up and take he right foot ... pull it up and touch it to he left inner thigh . arthur she have to sit there in a hospital bed in the same position for six month , wait for it to heal . wendell stare at the mold on the laboratory table . wendell Jesus . I hope she sue this idiot . arthur oh yeah . her family sue . they win . wendell what be the settlement ? arthur forty thousand dollar . Arthur pull the ceramic mold out of the pink goop ... and we see the impression of she disfigure foot inside the new prosthesis . int . collegiate school -- science lab -- next Norma turn around and uncross she leg . they now dangle over the edge of the lab desk . norma you guy want to see it ? now that the secret be out ... I do not want you spread rumor about my mangle foot . the class respond enthusiastically . norma ( cont 'd ) come on ... gather round ... take a look at the freak show . as the kid gather around ... Norma remove she right shoe and reveal she disfigure foot ... miss every toe but she pinky . a round piece of scar tissue cover the rest of it . 20 . int . NASA langley facility -- laboratory -- next Arthur take the trim prosthesis and wrap it in tissue paper , then place it in a cardboard BOX with a red bow on it . arthur if this sucker work ... she can , start jogging again . int . collegiate school -- hallway -- midday dana walk up to walter as he stand in front of he locker . dana I be sorry I say that she foot look gross . walter it do not look gross ... it look cool . and if you can not tell the difference between gross and cool ... then I feel sorry for you , dana . walter walk off ... leave she alone . ext . lewis house -- afternoon Norma emerge from she car carry grocery bag in both arm . walter come out of the garage with he bike . norma hey honey . walter why do I need a baby-sitter ? norma because you be nine year old . you be not a geezer yet . walter it 's 1976 , mom . Times be change . nine year old be not what it use to be . I think I be ready to get a mope . norma we be not buy you a mope , walter . stick with the bike ... and be home before dark . 21 . walter Fine . walter ride off down the street . int . lewis house -- foyer -- next Norma come into the foyer , grocery in hand . the phone be ringing . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next Norma come into the kitchen , set the grocery down on the kitchen table . she grab the phone off the wall and put it to she ear . norma hello ? there be silence on the other end of the line . norma ( cont - D ) hello ? a moment of silence ... then the caller disconnect . Norma hang up the phone and start unload the grocery . the box sit on the table ... but she take no notice of it . ext . gymnasium -- early evening Arthur emerge from a NASA campus gymnasium into the twilight with wendell . both be cover in sweat , dress in gym clothes . Arthur be carry he basketball and a gym bag . wendell how 's the commute back to Richmond ? arthur not too bad . maybe a hour and twenty minute . wendell tell Norma I say hello . wendell watch he walk across the lawn to the parking lot ... approach he car . he light a cigarette and take a drag ... then look at he watch . insert : his watch show that it be 4:58 pm . 22. int . lewis house -- family room -- next Norma sit on the couch ... smoking a cigarette . on the television ... the local news be play . the doorbell ring . int . lewis house -- foyer -- next Norma open the front door . a man name arlington steward ( 40 ) be stand there , he body be turn in profile . he be wear a crisp wool suit and a black hat , with a briefcase in he right hand . arlington Mrs. Lewis ? norma yeah . arlington my name be Arlington steward . her eye light up , as she remember the name and the box . Arlington then rotate he body ... revealing the right side of he face . Norma 's eye widen in horror at what she see . nearly all of the right side of he face from he cheekbone to he lower jaw have be burn away . his rear molar and gum be expose beneath the absence of tissue that be suppose to conceal they . Norma immediately feel a strange connection ... a deep sympathy for he and the pain he must have endure . arlington ( cont -d ) I assume you receive the box that I leave on you doorstep . his speech have a slight impediment from the burn that extend to the right side of he mouth . norma oh , yes . yes we do . arlington and you retrieve the button unit inside of the box . Norma smile . he smile back at she . 23. norma the button unit . that 's what you call it ? arlington indeed . May I come in ? norma sure . Norma turn and lead he back into the kitchen . she retrieve the button unit from the table . norma ( cont 'd ) so what it this thing ? I assume you be try to sell I something ? arlington well ... in a way , yes . I do have a offer to make . norma yeah ? what be you sell ? arlington a financial opportunity . Arlington gesture toward the table with he briefcase . arlington ( cont 'd ) May I ? she nod . he place the briefcase down on the table . he take the button unit from she and set it down on the kitchen table . they both sit down . he then withdraw a SMALL yellow envelope from he suit jacket pocket . arlington ( cont 'd ) inside of this envelope be a key . Arlington open the envelope and withdraw a small metal key . arlington ( cont 'd ) this be the key that open the glass dome of the button unit . Arlington then insert the key into a small horizontal slot at the top edge . he turn the key , and the lid that house the glass dome pop lose . the metal button be now expose . 24 . arlington ( cont 'd ) if you push the button , one of two thing will happen . ( beat ) first , someone ... somewhere in the world ... who you do not know ... will die . Norma just stare at he . arlington ( cont 'd ) then , you will receive a payment of two -hundre thousand dollar ... tax free . Arlington open the briefcase . Inside be neatly stack row of one -hundre dollar bill . arlington ( cont 'd ) the money will be deliver to you in cash . Norma cover she mouth ... shocked at the sight of so much money . norma be you for real ? Arlington smile back at she . arlington Mrs. Lewis , I can assure you that the offer be real . norma who do you work for ? arlington the guarantee of payment have several restriction . one ... I be not permit to disclose any information about to the identity of my employer . ( beat ) two ... if you discuss the detail of this financial opportunity with anyone other than you husband , the offer be null and void , and you will not receive the money in return for have push the button . ( beat ) Three ... you have twenty four hour . Arlington glance at he watch . 25 . arlington ( cont 'd ) you have until five o'clock tomorrow evening to make you decision whether or not to push the button . at that time , I will return to retrieve the button unit from you . it will be re-programmed and the offer will be make to someone else . Arlington place the key back into the envelope , seal it with crisp precision , and hand it over to she . he then close the briefcase and stand up to leave . arlington ( cont 'd ) until then ... a good day to you , Mrs. Lewis . he nod he head and turn toward the foyer . int . lewis house -- foyer -- next she follow he toward the front door . norma wait a minute ... you be just go to leave I with this thing . ( baffle ) be this some kind of joke ? who be you ? he open the front door and turn back to she with a friendly smile . arlington my name be Arlington steward , and I can assure you that this be no joke . the offer be real , but I be not at liberty to disclose any more information than I already have . he withdraw a business card and hand it to she . arlington ( cont 'd ) good day . he head down the walk toward he car . she look down at the card and see that he name be print in a emboss black font : arlington steward 26 . she turn the card over and see what look like a phone number print on the back : 8 0 4 7 9 4 1 7 7 9 she stand there in the doorway and watch he step into the automobile , start the engine and drive off . ext . carytown shopping CENTER -- afternoon walter be sit on a bench in front of a line of shop in carytown . dana approach he . he turn to face she . walter what do you want ? dana I be sorry . I just want to tell you ... that I think you mom be beautiful . walter just stare at she in silence ... want to forgive she . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next Norma walk back into the kitchen , hold the key envelope in one hand and the business card in the other . she stare at they both , then down at the box . she then retrieve the key from the envelope and insert it into the slot , open the glass dome . she stare at the button for a long moment ... then close the dome . she close she eye ... try to make sense of what have just transpire . int . burn house -- next the camera zoom out from a ringing phone that sit on a kitchen counter in a large suburban house . susan burn ( 5as ) go to answer the phone . susan hello ? norma ( phone ) hey mom . susan hey honey . what 's up ? 27 . norma ( phone ) nothing ... I just ... the camera continue to zoom out , revealing she husband , jim burn ( 5as ) laid out in a recliner , watch television . susan be something wrong ? int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next Norma stare at the business card . norma no ... something just happen and ... susan ( phone ) what ? norma nothing . I do not want to talk about it right now . int . burn house -- family room -- next Susan carry the phone into the family room susan alright . ( cover the phone ) Jim ... you gotta get ready . jim alright . he sit up and move toward the stair . susan wait until you see the spread tonight . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next Norma twirl the phone cord around she finger . norma hmmm . I think they be spend more on they wedding than we do on we house . susan ( phone ) be you foot act up again ? 28 . Norma lean against the wall ... lift she right foot off the floor to ease the pain . norma a little , yeah . that damn bone . the skin from my leg , it 's not as tough as it should be . susan ( phone ) you know he 's gonna be there tonight . norma who ? susan Dr. stupid . Norma take this in ... remember ... norma well ... it 's be what ... thirteen year ? bound to run into each other at some point , right ? int . lewis house -- master bathroom -- later on Norma be now wear only she bra and pantie , she hair and make - up flawless . she finish put on a pair of diamond earring . as she step into a elegant cocktail dress ... we see the deep square shape scar on the inside of she left thigh . int . lewis house -- master bedroom -- next Norma come into the bedroom ... and arthur be there ... put on he cuff link . he be dress in a tuxedo . his jacket be laid out on the bed , and next to it be he christmas present . Norma see it . norma what 's this ? arthur a little gift from Dr. rex Morgan . she open the present and retrieve the prosthesis . norma oh my god ! 29 . Norma remove a old , store - buy insole from she right shoe and insert the new one . arthur it 's a material they develop for the new shuttle chair . it will absorb the pressure of you foot and re-distribute it across the entire surface area . she then slide she disfigure foot into the shoe ... and begin to walk around the room . norma oh my God , rex ... how would you do it ? arthur I just figure out a way to make it better . she cross the room and give he a hug and a kiss . norma I do not know what I would do without you . arthur merry Christmas , June . int . lewis house -- family room -- moment later Norma and Arthur come into the family room , wear they winter coat . walter be sit across the coffee table with dana . they be play card . the box be sit between they . walter do Mr. steward show up ? Norma see the box sit there and immediately grab it off the table . arthur yeah ... what 's it all about . do he show up ? norma yeah ... I will tell you about it in the car . we be run late . Norma lean down and kiss walter on the cheek . 30 . norma ( cont 'd ) we will be home late ... you bedtime be ten . dana watch they go ... she eye transfix on the box in Norma 's hand . ext . river road -- night the camera track with Arthur 's car as it drive south on cary STREET ... approach a intersection . int . arthur' car -- next Norma have the box sit in she lap while Arthur drive . norma and before I could ask he anything else ... he get in he car ... and he pull off . arthur do you get the license plate ? norma no . arthur you dad be cop , Norma . always get the license plate number . norma I be little overwhelm , Arthur . arthur somewhere in the world ... someone you do not know will die . norma that be he exact word . arthur do he say how they would die ? norma no . arthur and he show you the cash . norma yeah . he say it be two-hundred thousand . it look real to I . 31 . arthur what do he look like ? norma you do not want to know . I think he 's a burn victim . poor thing ... half of he face be go . arthur really ? norma I think maybe he 's a life insurance salesman . maybe that 's what it be . it 's some kind of survey . we push the button and he offer we a discount on a two-hundred thousand dollar life insurance policy . joke 's on we . ext . country club of virginia -- night the camera descend upon the country club of virginia . it be a massive colonial mansion that sit upon a huge hill that be litter with christmas luminaries that glow in the night . ext . C.C.V. -- parking lot -- night we approach Arthur 's car as they pull into a parking space in front of the main entrance . int . arthur' car -- next Arthur grab the box from off she lap . arthur do you bring the key with you ? she hand it to he . he take the key and insert it ... open the glass dome . he then take he index finger and place it on the button . norma what the hell be you do ?! arthur ( playful ) I be gonna push the button . norma no ! 32 . Norma reach over and snap the dome close . arthur you think it 's for real . she take the box back from he . norma I do not know . he be ... he seem very sure of himself . if it 's some kind of survey ... then ... he 's a really good salesman because I believe he . I believe that he might give we that money . arthur do then you think he 's a maniac and he might go kill someone ? norma I do not know . Arthur take the box back from she . he shake it ... then flip it over . he see that there be a single screw on the bottom corner that hold it together . arthur open the glove compartment . there 's a philip head screwdriver in there . she open the glove compartment and retrieve a phillip head screwdriver for he . norma what be you do ? Arthur be now unscrew the bottom of the box . arthur I be gonna see what 's inside of it . he remove the screw ... and see that the wooden base rotate on a rod mount on the opposite corner . inside ... it be completely empty . arthur ( cont 'd ) nothing ... no transmitter ... no radio . if we push the button right now ... he would have no way of know . she take the box from he and close the dome . 33. ext . C.C.V. -- pari : ing lot -- moment later Arthur pop open the trunk and Norma place the box inside . he shut the trunk and they begin to walk toward the entrance to the country club . Arthur then hold out he hand to he wife . arthur let I hold the key . norma why do you get to hold it ? arthur because you will lose it Norma . you can not hold you liquor . norma neither can you . arthur what if someone take you purse ? I have pocket . let I hold it . norma Fine . Norma go through she purse and hand the small envelope to he . they move toward the entrance to the country club . int . C.C.V. -- grand ballroom -- moment later the camera follow Norma and Arthur into the grand ballroom of the country club . there be several hundred people there ... all dress in black tie . a massive christmas tree sit in the center of the room , surround by table . a piano player play christmas carol up on the stage . norma Jesus . all this for a rehearsal dinner ... deborah be so lucky . remember we rehearsal dinner ? arthur yeah . keg party in we back yard . Susan and Jim be stand with arthur lewis , sr ( 5as ) and bev lewis ( 5as ) . Arthur and Norma go over to greet they . the camera drift over to a placard that read : deborah anne burn - edward reed powell 34 . rehearsal dinner reception int . lewis house -- family room -- next dana enter the family room and hand a package to walter . dana merry Christmas ... walter take the package and begin to remove the wrapping paper . Inside be a comic book . he pull it out of the wrapping ... and on the cover be a illustration of a dark figure walk upon a red desert surface . the title be : the man from mar walter look at the cover in awe . walter thanks dana . my dad be gonna love this . int . C.C.V. -- grand ballroom -- later on Norma and Arthur be now seat around a table with both set of parent . bev be run she hand through Arthur 's long hair . bev when be you gonna cut this hair ? arthur never . bev ( to norma ) be you still cut he hair ? norma uh-huh . arthur sr . be you Leonard or skynard ? bev well honey ... they be never gonna let you into outer space with this sideburn . susan they be all wear they that way now , bev. 35 . nathan burn ( 26 ) , Norma 's wheelchair - bound young brother , come roll up . nathan Outer space ? be someone plan on depart the surface of the earth ? arthur Nathan ! Arthur stand up and give he a hug . arthur ( cont 'd ) it 's be year . how have you be ? nathan I have be better ... I mean , I use to have leg ... the table go silent ... Susan look as though she might start to cry . nathan ( cont 'd ) sorry ... morbid humor . what 's this talk about outer space ? norma Arthur have be work at nasa . jim he help design the camera that photograph the Mars surface . Arthur put he hand on the back of Nathan 's wheelchair . arthur Nathan and I be gonna go grab a drink ... he begin to wheel Nathan toward the bar . norma Arthur make I a new prosthesis for my foot . some space age formula ... it 's incredible . jim can he make Nathan a pair of prosthetic leg ? int . C.C.V. -- grand ballroom -- bar -- moment later Arthur now sit with Nathan over by the bar . 36 . nathan can you believe it ? I survive eighteen month crawlling through the Vietnam jungle and not one bullet so much as graze my body . ( beat ) and I come home , take a few tabs of lsd at a grateful Dead show and wrap my car around a tree . Arthur do not know how to respond . nathan ( cont 'd ) pretty damn sad ... lose the leg that way , but I always think it be karmic retribution for what I do to Norma . arthur what would you ever do to Norma ? nathan I drop that barbell on she foot when we be kid . that 's why she go to get that x-ray . if it be not for I ... she would still have all she toe . arthur you can not think of it that way . nathan why not ? it 's the truth . arthur you do not leave the x- ray machine on , Dr. stupid do . nathan yeah , but my mistake send she to Dr. stupid ... so that make I culpable in the eye of buddha . arthur you be no more culpable than the company that manufacture the barbell . stop punish yourself . Nathan smile in appreciation and take a long swig of Jack Daniels . nathan you know he 's here . arthur who ? 37 . nathan Dr. stupid . Nathan nod he head across the room ... where dr . earl stupe ( 5as ) be seat at a table with he wife . nathan ( cont 'd ) Dr. Earl stupe . he 's still get a practice over on the west end . Arthur look over at he ... for a moment they make brief eye contact ... and stupe quickly look away . int . C.C.V. -- grand ballroom -- next Susan be now stare at Dr. stupe . they be join by deborah burn ( 24 ) , Norma 's young sister and bride - to- be . susan I wonder if he even recognize we . jim I be sure he do . deborah I can not believe they still let he practice medicine . norma you gotta let it go . you gotta learn to forgive and forget . susan I would be willing to forgive he if he would have just admit he negligence under oath . the bastard lie ... say it be the x- ray machine that malfunction . senator griffith powell ( 5as ) and he son edward powell ( 20 ) , approach . Edward be the husband - to- be . susan ( cont 'd ) well Senator ! you look very spiffy tonight ! powell now that the mid-term election be over ... the smile line be start to fade . Powell put on a fake smile , grab Jim 's hand and they both wave ... poke fun at politician behavior . 38 . susan well ... we all vote ! Powell look over at Norma . powell Norma ... right ? norma that 's right . he shake she hand ... fascinate by she . powell and you be marry to the aspire astronaut . norma that 's right . there he be right over there . she point over to Arthur the bar . Powell look over at he ... and they briefly make eye contact . int . lewis house -- family room -- next dana and walter be sit on the floor , play monopoly . dana walter ? walter yeah ? dana will you take I down to the basement ? I want to see you dad 's darkroom . int . lewis house -- basement -- moment later dana and walter come down the stair into the basement of the house . red light envelop the room . there be two long wooden work benches run down the middle . there be a series of black and white photograph hang from a wire . each one show a different view of the surface of mar . dana be that Mars ? walter yep . 39 . dana what do you dad have to do with the Viking ? walter he help design the camera . walter point to a plastic prototype model of the viking lander mount on a third work bench at the end of the room . a model of the mar surface have be re-create and paint with exact detail . walter ( cont 'd ) he 's make the model for the science museum . walter point to one of two cameras mount on the front of the spider - shape landing module . the camera be cylindrical and feature a vertical slot on the front . walter ( cont 'd ) they design the camera to photograph in 360 degree . it scan in the image one line at a time ... and take about five minute to complete one revolution . dana how do they get the image back to earth ? walter Radio transmission . they figure out a way to interpret the scan line and then print they onto film . dana how long do it take to transmit back to earth ? walter about ten hour . dana look over at the wall and see a new york time front page from September with a large image of mar on it . walter ( cont 'd ) they test the camera in the parking lot at langley last year . walter point to another framed photograph on the wall . in the black &amp ; white photograph , we see a group of fifty NASA employees assemble in a long line in a parking lot . walter point to he father stand in the group . 40 . walter ( cont 'd ) there 's my dad . he move he finger across the line of smile face ... arthur appear for a second time in the row . walter ( cont 'd ) and there he be again . walter then move he finger down toward the right side of the photo ... arthur lewis appear for a third time . walter ( cont 'd ) and there he be again . dana look close at the photo . dana how would he do that ? walter because the camera take five minute to scan in 360 degree , he wait until the camera pass over he then jump ahead in the circle . the camera move in closer to the photograph ... to the third version of arthur lewis . dana you dad sound pretty clever . walter my dad be more than just clever , dana . my dad be the coolest man who ever walk the face of the earth . the camera zoom in close to Arthur 's face ... then tip down to another man kneel on the pavement directly below he . it be arlington steward ... smile at the camera . his face be normal ... no evidence of any burn visible ... int . C.C.V. -- grand ballroom -- night Norma and Arthur be now dancing among a group of people in front of the stage the stage , where a woman singer be perform white christmas . norma two-hundred thousand dollar be a lot of money , Arthur . 41 . arthur what would we do with that kind of money ? norma we could get out of Richmond ... move to California . arthur then we could cross the border into Mexico if they ever come after we . norma you can not arrest someone for push a button , Arthur . it 's not a weapon . it 's not a gun . we would not be culpable ... not in a court of law . arthur what if it 's someone 's baby ? norma what if it 's some murderer on death row in China ? arthur what if it 's we neighbor across the street . do you know we neighbor across the street ? have you ever meet they ? norma yeah . Doug and donna . arthur hmmm . I have not meet Doug or donna . ( beat ) what do it mean to officially know someone , anyway ? do you know I , Norma ? norma I know you better than you know yourself . arthur do you know walter ? norma even better than I know you . they spin around on the dance floor . arthur it 's just a stupid prank , Norma . 42 . norma life insurance . Arthur gaze across the ballroom toward the bar . Nathan sit there alone ... finish he drink . ext . C.C.V. -- parking lot -- later that night Arthur and Norma watch as Jim hoist Nathan up into they van with a hydraulic lift . he be pass out drunk . behind he ... Dr. stupe be wait in line at the valet for he car . he and Norma make eye contact . his eye dart down to the pavement as he step into he car . int . lewis house -- family room -- later on Norma and Arthur come into the family room . dana be asleep on the couch . Norma set the box down on the coffee table and go to wake dana . norma dana ... dana 's eye slowly open . norma ( cont 'd ) Arthur will drive you home , okay ? dana I have my bike ... and my house be not far from here . norma where 's walter ? dana he 's asleep upstairs . Arthur hand dana a ten dollar bill . arthur be you sure you do not need a ride ? dana I be sure . arthur good night , dana . dana exit through the front door . Norma stand up and move toward the foyer . 43. norma can you turn off the Christmas tree light ? arthur I like leave they on . norma it 's a fire hazard . arthur it keep the Christmas spirit alive while we sleep . norma we could die . arthur everyone die eventually , Norma . she stare at the tree . norma Fine . leave they on . she go upstairs ... leave he alone with the glow tree . Arthur look down at the coffee table . the box sit there ... taunting he . he retrieve the key envelope from he pocket and stare at it . he then walk over to the wall and unplug the Christmas tree light . int . lewis house -- master bedroom -- later that night Norma and Arthur lay in bed , face in opposite direction . neither of they can sleep . Arthur roll over and wrap he arm around she . int . lewis house -- walter' bedroom -- next the camera approach walter 's bed . he have make a tent under the cover . a light glow from inside . under the cover ... walter have a flashlight and he be read the comic book . insert : various illustration from the comic ... a huge temple with a massive fly beast fly above it . a meteor hurtle toward earth ... 44 . ::wt . carytown e.kt-r S - lo1 -- early morning at the carytown hair salon ... the camera zoom out from Norma as she sit under a dome , drying she hair . next to she be she sister deborah and several other bridesmaids for the wedding . the other woman be gab ... read fashion magazine . Norma seem lose in she own world . ext . carytown hair salon -- later on Norma and deborah emerge from the hair salon with the other in tow . lurk down at the end of the sidewalk be Bud Wall , walter 's bus-driver . the huge man watch they intensely . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next Norma have Arlington 's business card out . she stare at the number . Arthur come in with the morning paper . the box sit on the kitchen table . she retrieve the key and insert it into the slot ... open the glass dome . Arthur come into the kitchen . norma we will never see that much money . arthur why do you say that ? norma be realistic Arthur ... you work for the government . arthur maybe not forever . norma we will never leave Richmond . arthur do you want to move ? norma we have to put walter in public school . arthur why ? 45 . norma collegiate withdraw the faculty tuition discount . arthur no ... norma yeah . they do . ( beat ) even if we sell my car and move into a smaller house , we could not afford that school . arthur no ... norma we would have to enroll he at hopewell . unless ... arthur unless what , Norma ? she reach out and hold she finger over the button ... think . she then pick up the business card with she other hand , flip it over and stare at the number . arthur ( cont 'd ) be you gonna call he ? norma yeah . Norma begin to dial the number on the card . ext . willow lawn motel -- next the camera crane down into the willow lawn motel on the north side of Richmond . the two -story building have a swimming pool adjacent to south side . int . willow lawn motel -- room 234 -- next the camera zoom out from a ringing telephone that sit on the bedside table . Arlington sit on the bed ... stare silently at the wall . he pick up the receiver and place it to he ear . arlington hello Mrs. Lewis . 46 . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next Norma pause for a moment ... wonder how he could have know it be she . norma be this Mr. steward ? arlington ( phone ) of course it be . norma how do you know it be I ... be you trace this call ? arlington ( phone ) time be run out ... have you make you decision ? Norma look to Arthur ... who pace around the kitchen . norma if we push the button ... be you go to murder someone ? int . willow lawn motel -- room 234 -- next Arlington lean back on the motel room bed . arlington when you push the button ... somewhere in this world ... someone you do not know ... will die . I never mention the word murder . norma ( phone ) how will they die ? arlington I be not at liberty to disclose that information . besides ... it would spoil the fun . norma ( phone ) be you sell life insurance ? arlington I be not at liberty to disclose any information about my employer . I can only remind you that the offer be real ... ( look at he watch ) .and it expire in approximately eight hour . 47 . norma ( phone ) why do you do this ? what do you get out of this deal ? arlington absolutely nothing . the reward be for you . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next Norma pace around with the phone . arlington ( phone ) be there anything else , Mrs. Lewis ? I have a appointment to make and I do not want to be late . norma can we meet in person ? I would like to see you ... before we make we final decision . arlington why ... I be look at you right now , Norma . norma Excuse I ? arlington the grey spot owl ... in you back yard . Norma turn and look out the large picture window in the kitchen nook . outside in the back yard , a owl be perch on a planter . the large bird sit motionless ... its large saucer eye do not blink . Norma stare at it for a long moment ... transfix . Arthur pace around the kitchen ... face in the other direction . outside ... the owl fly away before Arthur notice it . norma hello ? there be no response . norma ( cont 'd ) Mr. steward ? be you still there ? Norma hang up the phone . she stare at the box ... then at she husband , as he sit down across from she . 48 . arthur what do you want to do Norma ? norma we be gonna have to pull walter out of that school . arthur then push it . ( taunting ) push the button , Norma ... push the button . I dare you . I double -dog diddly dare you . norma I be scared to . arthur well ... if you do not push it ... then I will . ( beat ) this be stupid . Arthur reach out to push the button ... but she grab he wrist with she leave hand , restrain he . norma lady first . she then reach out and press down on the button with she index finger . int . richmond police station -- 911 emergency -- next the camera track along a series of cubicle at the police station in downtown Richmond . a female operator sit at each cubicle ... operator # 1 911 emergency ... how may I direct you call ? the camera move in closer ... operator # 1 ( cont 'd ) Excuse I ? you need to slow down ... I can not understand what you be say . she listen to the voice on the other end of the line . operator # 1 ( cont 'd ) so you hear loud scream and then a gun shot . ( beat ) ( more ) 49 . operator # 1 ( cont 'd ) what be you address ? ( beat ) 1500 cary Street . ext . 1500 cary STREET -- moment later two police car pull up with they siren blaring in front of a townhouse on cary Street . two police officer emerge from each car and approach the front of the townhouse . they begin to bang loudly on the door . a female neighbor ( 20 ) emerge from the townhouse next door . neighbor ( distraught ) I hear a gunshot ... then he run out the front door and get in he car . the police officer look at he partner and then proceed to kick down the door . int . 1500 cary STREET -- foyer -- next the officer move through the townhouse with they gun draw . the scream of a young girl can be hear from upstairs . int . 1500 cary STREET -- kitchen -- next the officer enter the kitchen . a woman ( 20 ) name amy bevilacqua be slump over on the kitchen floor in a pool of blood . the camera move in toward she face . int . 1500 cary STREET -- upstair hallway -- next a officer approach the bathroom door at the end of the hall . the scream girl from inside be bawling she eye out . the Officer see a tiny hand emerge from underneath the door . she be reach out for help . he go to open the door , but there be a large dead bolt lock mount on the outside . officer # 1 honey ... I need you to back away from the door ... i'm gonna have to kick it down ? the scream begin to subside . 50 . officer # 1 ( cont 'd ) back away from the door ! female voice okay ... the Officer then kick the door down . int . 1500 cary STREET -- upstair bathroom -- next Inside the bathroom ... a young girl ( 7 ) be cower in the bathtub ... hyperventilate ... int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next Norma and Arthur be sit across from one another in silence . there be a empty bottle of wine on the table . arthur there 's no turn back now . second later ... the doorbell ring . both Norma and Arthur jump in they seat . int . lewis house -- foyer -- next Norma and Arthur move toward the front door . Norma put she eye to the peephole . Arlington 's disfigure face stare back at she . she open the door . Arlington stand there smile ... briefcase in hand . arlington hello , Mrs. Lewis . norma hi. arlington do you have the button unit ? norma uhh ... yeah ... it 's in the kitchen . Norma go to the kitchen to retrieve the box , leave Arthur alone with Arlington . arlington and you must be Mr. Lewis . 51 . Arthur stare at he ... transfix . do he recognize he from somewhere ? Norma return with the box and hand it over to he . arlington ( cont 'd ) and the key ? norma oh ... sorry ... Norma reach into she pocket and retrieve the small envelope and place it in he hand . arlington thank you . Arlington then open the briefcase and show it to they . Inside ... the bill be stack neatly in row . arlington ( cont 'd ) two-hundred thousand . you can count it if you like . Arthur take the briefcase from he and then close . arthur thanks ... we trust you word . Arlington offer he a broad smile . arlington as you should . he then turn to leave . ext . lewis house -- front walk -- next they follow Arlington out onto the front walk as he approach he car . the engine be idling ... and someone else be behind the wheel ... but through the tinted window it be unclear who be drive . norma you say before that the box be be - program ... arlington yes . norma so now what ? be you gonna go and make the offer to someone else ? 52 . arlington why yes . that - 's how it work , Mrs. Lewis . ( beat ) and I can promise you that the offer will be make ... to someone you do not know . he smile ... open the door ... and step into the passenger side . the driver hit the gas and the car speed off . Arthur move out into the street ... watch the car go ... arthur I get he license plate . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- moment later Arthur come into the kitchen and go to the desk and grab a pencil . he then scrawl the license plate number down on a piece of scratch paper . axv -4049 arthur what be you think , Norma ? norma I do not know . Arthur pace around ... think . he then open the briefcase and start count through the money . arthur do he mean that we be next ? be that what he mean ? norma I do not know . int . police station -- burns' office -- next Jim burn sit behind he desk at the police station . his secretary ( 20 ) come in to he office . secretary you daughter be on line two . jim alright . he pick up the phone . 53. jim ( cont 'd ) Norma ... int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next Norma stare at the money in the briefcase . norma hey dad ... jim ( phone ) what 's go on ... norma I need a favor . jim ( phone ) sure ... what do you need ? norma I need you to run a license plate for I . someone just come by the house ... and we think he might ... ( look to Arthur ) he just seem real suspicious and Arthur get the license plate and I need you to run it . jim ( phone ) okay honey ... you need I to send someone over ? norma no ... if you could just run the plate and find out whose car it be . ( beat ) axv - 4049 be the number . jim ( phone ) I will call you back in ten minute . int . police station -- later a officer remove a document from a printer and approach burn 's office . officer # 2 we run that plate for you , sarge . Jim take the document from he . it be a blow - up of a driver 's license that belong to arlington steward . in the photo ... he face be not injure . 54 . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next Norma and Arthur be pace around the kitchen ... think . the phone ring ... Norma answer it . norma hello ? jim ( phone ) the car be list to a Arlington J. steward ... do you want he address and phone number ? norma yeah . Norma begin to write they down . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next Norma be dial a number with the phone in she lap . female voice ( phone ) hello ? norma hi ... I be try to reach a Arlington steward . female voice ( phone ) ( long beat ) Mrs. Lewis , I presume ? Norma 's eye widen . she nod to Arthur and point to the phone . he rush into the family room to pick up the other phone so he can listen in . norma yes . female voice ( phone ) I assume that you push the button . norma yes . female voice ( phone ) there be the myth of prometheus and pandora ... prometheus give pandora a box ... and warn she not to open it . but she do not listen , and when pandora open the box ... ( more ) 55 female voice ( phone ) ( cont 'd ) she unleash a torrent of sorrow and misery . Norma stare at Arthur ... unable to speak . female voice ( phone ) ( cont 'd ) you descent into oblivion have begin . the question remain ... what will the cuckold of a husband do ... to prevent the death of he beloved pandora ? Arthur stare at Norma ... unable to speak . female voice ( phone ) ( cont 'd ) because really ... Mr. Lewis ... do you really know you wife ? arthur who be this ? female voice ( phone ) I be the mother of prometheus ... and if you want to save yourself ... I suggest that you go to the Richmond Public Library , and find the book with the follow call number : f2988.34 Norma be write the number out on a piece of paper . she disconnect . Arthur step into the kitchen . arthur Norma ... norma Arthur ... arthur tell I this be not real . tell I this be not happen . norma this be not real . this be not happen . arthur I do not think I believe you , Norma . ext . steward residence -- moment later Arthur back he car out of the driveway and into the street . Norma ride shotgun . walter be circle around on he bike with some friend in tow . 56 . norma we be off to run a errand . be back in a few hour , okay ? walter okay . he watch as they drive off . int . arthur' car -- next Arthur and Norma drive toward downtown . norma there be owl ... in we back yard . arthur a owl ? norma he say it be he owl . arthur be you hide anything else from I , Norma ? norma ( defensive ) no . int . richmond public library -- next the camera track with Arthur and Norma as they move through the vast space of the richmond public library . they arrive at the adult fiction section ... and the camera move along the spine of various book until it arrive at the one with the call number : f2988.34 Norma remove a book from the shelf and look at the cover : no exit jean - paul sartre Norma show it to Arthur . norma no exit . arthur ( mis - pronounce ) sartre . 57 . norma it 's pronounce sartre . jean-paul sartre . the french existentialist . she begin to thumb through the page of the play . arthur never read it . norma it 's a play ... I read it in high school . it 's about three stranger who find themselves trap in a room together for all of eternity . they have quickly discover that they have all be send to hell . Norma turn back to the inside cover of the book . someone have write in crisp penmanship : richmond times-dispatch september 3 , 1976 Norma run she hand down the list of name on the library card . the name of the last person to check out the book be : steward int . richmond public library -- circulation desk -- next Arthur and Norma approach the circulation desk . a female librarian ( 70 ) be stand there . norma hi ... we be look for a archival Times - dispatch from September of this year . she offer they a warm smile . librarian microfiche . int . richmond public library -- record room -- moment later Arthur and Norma now sit in front of a microfiche reader in a long line of wooden desk in the record room . on the screen ... headline from the year 's newspaper scroll by ... stop on the headline for september 3 , 1976 : mar photo revealed 58 . viking lander send first image of red planet back to earth arthur Arlington steward ... I remember the name now . he use to work at NASA ... int . NASA langley facility -- laboratory -- [ flashback ] Arthur and wendell be stand among a large group of scientist in the laboratory . everyone be assemble ... stare at a large blank screen , wait in anticipation . cahill stand at the front of the group with a walkie - talkie to he ear . cahill alright ... the first photo should come down off the server in less than a minute . ext . NASA langley facility -- lunar lander module -- next the camera crane up toward the gigantic lunar lander module . rain pour down from the night sky . lightn flash in the distance ... several mile away . Thunder rumble . the camera approach the upper trestle beam ... which cross the expanse of the structure . mounted on top of the beam be a massive antennae . stand on the trestle several yard away from the antennae be arlington steward . he be wear a rain slicker and be face appear normal . he carry a walkie-talkie in he right hand . arlington ( into walkie - talkie ) so place you bet ... martian or no martian ? int . NASA langley facility -- laboratory -- next Arthur stare up at the screen ... wait on bait breath . moment later ... a large black and white photo of the mar surface appear on the screen . the scientist erupt in loud cheer and applause . 59 . ext . NASA langley facility -- next near the base of the lunar lander module ... a NASA employee name ROBERT bevilacqua ( 31 ) be stand with two other . they be huddle under umbrellas ..'. smoking cigarettes . bevilacqua have a walkie - talkie to he ear . he hear the cheer from the walkie-talkie . bevilacqua touchdown . int . richmond public library -- record room -- next Arthur scroll down to the bottom of the front page . a smaller article : NASA employee struck by lightning arthur a engineer at the NASA langley research center be strike by lightning yesterday evening ... ext . NASA -- lunar lander module -- ( flashback ] Arlington look at he watch ... stare up at the sky ... nervous about the storm . rain pour down upon on the module ... water run down in sheet on either side of the trestle . he hear the cheer from the walkie-talkie . Thunder rumble in the distance . moment later ... a massive lightning bolt strike the top trestle beam . the trestle explode in a STORM of SPARKS ... arlington be thrown onto he back ... he body engulfed in flame . bevilacqua witness the FIRE on the lunar lander module . bevilacqua Jesus Christ . bevilacqua and the other begin to sprint across the lawn toward the base of the structure to the elevator door at the bottom of the elevator shaft on the south end of the module . 60 . int . richmond public libp.f.ry -- record room -- ne t " T Arthur continue to read from the article . arthur the man receive third degree burn over fifty percent of he body ... ext . NASA langley facility -- [ flashback ] bevilacqua and the other emerge from the elevator at the top of the trestle . they rush toward Arlington 's body ... as he convulse on the trestle ... smoke emanate from he char body . int . richmond public library -- record room -- next Arthur turn to Norma . arthur he get strike by lightning on the night we receive the transmission from Mars . ext . NASA langley facility -- ( flashback ) Arthur and wendell stand outside the main laboratory building with a group of scientist , sip champagne . they see a ambulance pass down the main street of the campus with its siren on . cahill emerge from inside the building and rush out to the parking lot . bevilacqua and the other be approach . cahill what happen ? bevilacqua the module get hit ! cahill lightn ? bevilacqua yeah . steward be up there on the trestle . he get burn real bad ! the camera move in toward bevilacqua 's face ... he eye fill with anguish and despair . 61 . int . richmond police station -- next Jim burn stand in front of a group of police officer in a briefing room . he hold up a large family photo of ROBERT bevilacqua , pose with he wife and young daughter . jim we fugitive be name Robert bevilacqua . he shot and kill he wife at they residence on cary Street earlier today . we believe that he escape on foot ... and could be armed and dangerous . the camera move across a line of police officer ... listen ... jim ( cont 'd ) Mr. bevilacqua be a employee at NASA ... and he be a former Marine who serve in Vietnam . he may very well be armed and dangerous ... int . richmond bar -- next the camera track through a dingy richmond dive bar . bevilacqua sit at the bar with a baseball cap pull down low to conceal he face . he be drink whiskey . wendell James approach ... carry a file under he arm . wendell bevilacqua ... bevilacqua turn to face he . bevilacqua wendell . they hug one another . int . richmond bar -- moment later the two man be now sit across from one another in a booth . wendell have a NASA blue - print laid out on the table . the blue-print be of the button unit . bevilacqua you design it ? wendell yeah . cahill tell I to ... 62 . bevilacaua notice a SMALL purple stain on the blue-print . int . NASA langley facility -- laboratory -- [ flashback ] cahill stand over wendell 's shoulder as he sit at a drafting table in the laboratory . wendell this what you be look for , sir ? cahill look stare at the blue-print ... possess . a drop of blood fall from he right nostril and land on it . cahill yes . thank you wendell . int . NASA langley facility -- MAIN hangar -- day the camera move through the massive MAIN hangar at langley . there be several plane park inside . wendell emerge from behind one of the plane ... watch from a hide vantage point ... cahill stand at a work table with Arlington . there be three button unit laid out on the table . Arlington begin to place they inside a leather bag . cahill then hand Arlington a file . cahill you be not gonna hurt this boy , be you ? arlington any harm that come to they will be they own do . Arlington take the bag and move toward the hangar entrance . ext . NASA langley facility -- MAIN hangar -- next outside ... there be a massive cement runway . park on the runway be Arlington 's car . bud wall step out and open the door for he boss . Bus - Driver Bud be steward 's driver ... Arlington step inside . wendell watch they drive off ... 63. int . richmond dive bar -- evening wendell then hand a file to bevilacqua . Inside there be a dossier and photo of a arthur lewis . he flip to another dossier and photo of another NASA employee name kenneth weller . wendell there 's a list ... and they have all get a wife and one child . bevilacqua thumb through the list of NASA dossier . he see Arthur Lewis among they . wendell ( cont 'd ) do you kill you wife ? bevilacqua just stare at he ... on the verge of tear . he slide a envelope across the table . bevilacqua this be a confession letter that I write ... it explain everything that happen with steward and the box . keep it ... cause if I do not make it ... this might clear my name one day . bevilacqua look at the kenneth weller dossier . bevilacqua ( cont 'd ) this guy weller be gonna be next . do you get they phone number ? wendell no . they be not list . just a old address south of Petersburg . what be you gonna do ? bevilacqua I do not know . I need a car . I might be able to save they ... and this guy Arthur Lewis ... wendell think to himself ... then retrieve a set of keys from he pocket . wendell this be the key to my cousin' pick - up truck . it 's not register . it 's park in front of my house over on byrd street . take it ... bevilacqua thank you , wendell . 64 . int . richmond police station -- burns' office -- later burn sit behind he desk ... telephone to he ear . jim ( into phone ) steward . first name Arlington ... middle name be James . he begin to scrawl word down on a piece of paper : NASA struck by lightning just then ... he receptionist open the door to he office . receptionist Sir ... there 's a Mr. steward here to see you . jim ( into phone ) thank you ... that 's all I need . he hang up the phone and look through the glass window of he office into the reception area . stand there through the glass ... be a man who look identical to Arlington steward . he stand with the normal side of he face in profile . he turn to face Jim ... but he face now appear as it do before he be burn . be this the same person ? Jim turn to he receptionist ... who wait in the doorway jim ( cont 'd ) send he in . ext . richmond public library -- next the library be close down for the night . a group of young child come out of the front exit . one of they turn and notice the owl perch on the railing . the owl stare at the child ... 65 . int . richmond public library -- next the real Arlington steward be now stand in the periodicals area. of the library ... situate in front of the circulation desk . he stand in profile ... then turn toward the camera in the same manner as he twin in the police station . his burn face form a deform smile ... int . richmond police station -- burns' office -- next the steward twin step into Jim 's office . he reach out and shake Jim 's hand . steward twin Officer burn ... my name be reston steward . int . richmond public library -- next Arlington ... with he eye close ... mimic he twin be movement exactly ... reach out he hand and shaking it with nothing . arlington Officer burn ... my name be reston steward . int . richmond police station -- burns' office -- next reston steward ( 40 ) sit down in the chair across from he desk . reston I see you have make a inquiry about my brother Arlington . int . richmond public library -- next Arlington be now seat in a library chair ... eye close ... in the exact same manner as he brother . it be as though he be control he twin brother 's body via remote telepathy . arlington . a inquiry about my brother Arlington . 66 . int . richmond police station -- burns' office -- next Jim stare at he from across he desk . jim yes . apparently he make a appearance at my daughter 's house . you brother work for NASA ? int . richmond public library -- next Arlington nod he head . arlington yes . my brother work at the langley research facility . int . richmond police station -- burns' office -- next Jim nod he head in return . jim with my son-in- law . reston that 's right . jim and may I ask ... what do you do , Mr. steward ? int . richmond public library -- next with he eye close ... Arlington reach into he pocket and retrieve something imaginary from he pocket . he raise something that we can not see up into the air . int . richmond police station -- burns' office -- next reston be now hold out a government badge with he right hand . reston I work for the CIA . jim I see . he then hand Jim one of he card . Jim look at it . 67 . insert of business card with CIA insignia : director of national intelligence reston steward reston rise to he foot ... put he hat on he head . reston I assure you my brother be of no threat to you daughter . however , the man you be look for ... Robert bevilacqua . he be very dangerous ... and he might try and contact you son- in - law or you daughter . jim really . reston yes . reston ( cont 'd ) help we find bevilacqua . if and when you do ... please call we . Jim stare at the business card as reston bid he good - bye . int . richmond public library -- next Arlington be now stand . with he eye still close , he nod he head and smile , then turn and begin to walk several step . he then stop ... take a deep breath ... and open he eye . int . richmond police station -- reception area -- next reston open he eye ... as if a spirit have suddenly leave he body . he take a deep breath and smile at the receptionist , try to conceal he expression of horror . he move toward the exit . ext . richmond general assembly build -- moment later reston emerge from the General Assembly building . there be a black town car wait . a CIA agent stand next to it . reston withdraw a handkerchief and wipe blood from he nose . 68 . reston General Nathan teague at the Pentagon . get he on the phone immediately . the agent open the car door , and reston step inside . int . richmond public library -- record room -- next Norma and Arthur be still sit in front of the microfiche machine . Norma look like she be go to faint ... she face have go white . arthur you alright , Norma ? norma I feel like I be gonna faint ... she stand up to leave . arthur where be you go ? norma bathroom . Norma move . taward the main library ... leave Arthur alone . int . richmond public library -- circulation desk -- next Norma emerge from the record room and walk toward the circulation desk . as she round the corner ... Arlington emerge from behind a row of book shelf . Norma stop in she track ... freeze . he stare she down . int . richmond public library -- record room -- next Arthur stare at the microfiche reader ... transfix by the newspaper article . a shadow pass across the wall ... and Arthur sense someone lurking over he shoulder . he turn to see that it be the librarian . something about she be different ... she seem possess . librarian the myth of prometheus tell the story of a God who create man . ( beat ) ( more ) 69 . librarian ( cont 'd ) when prometheus fly too close to the sun ... he wing catch fire ... and he fall to the earth . Arthur remember she voice from the phone call . arthur be that you on the phone ? you be he mother ... librarian he find you wife fascinating ... Mr. Lewis . her name be elizabeth steward . int . richmond public library -- periodicals section -- next Norma remain freeze ... she mind racing . Arlington smile at she ... gesture toward a empty chair . arlington have a seat ... Mrs. Lewis . she look around ... realize that the library be now completely empty . arlington ( cont 'd ) do not be afraid . I may look like a monster ... but - I can assure you that I be ... only human . his face contort into a broad smile . arlington ( cont 'd ) please ... sit down . int . richmond public library -- record room -- next Elizabeth sit down on the chair across from Arthur . elizabeth my name be clymene , mother of five . prometheus , atlas , menoetius , Logan , and epimetheus . a drop of blood begin to ooze from she leave eye as she speak . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) epimetheus be the twin brother of prometheus , but he have become he brother 's slave ... the victim of he cun and deceit . 70 . it . richmond public libp F , _ -- periodicals section -- next Norma be now seat in a chair across from he . he stare deep into she eye ... transfix by she beauty . arlington tell I Norma ... when be the exact moment that you realize you love you husband ? there be something about he that now make she feel safe ... willing to tell he anything . norma about five second after I laid eye on he . arlington and when be this ? norma in college . my sophomore year . he be a year young than I . we date for two week and then ... she stop herself . arlington you become frighten about something . norma then I think ... this be too good to be true . when he see my mangle foot ... he 's gonna be out the door in ten second and he 's gonna go tell all he friend . arlington how do he respond when you show he ? norma we be at the drive - in ... and he catch a glimpse of the scar on my thigh . he ask I what happen ... and I feel this sense of dread . arlington why ? 71 . norma because you can just see the glow disappear in someone 's eye when they discover something about you that they just can not stomach . arlington do the glow disappear from he eye ? norma no. not Arthur . he be different than the other . he ... say that ... my scar be cool . ( beat ) he say that they make I more attractive . int . richmond public library -- record room -- next Arthur sit across from Elizabeth . his mind be racing ... try to put the puzzle piece together . he look at he watch . it be almost 5 pm . elizabeth I have work at this library for forty year . since 1936 , I have read a book a day . 23455 book I have read . arthur wow . ( beat ) someone should nominate you for librarian of the year . she hold the copy of no exit in she hand . elizabeth of all of the book I have read in my lifetime ... this be my son 's favorite . ( beat ) have you ever read no exit ? arthur no . she reach out with she hand . elizabeth take my hand ... and I will show you . 72 . he stare at the blood coagulate in the bag beneath she leave eye . arthur I be not gonna touch you , lady . int . richmond public library -- periodicals section -- next Arlington now stare directly into Norma 's soul . the scar tissue on the leave side of he face do not move when he smile . it remain freeze ... unable to express emotion . arlington and what emotion do you feel when you first laid eye upon I , Norma ? she think silently for a moment . norma I feel .. . she stop herself ... afraid of how he might respond if she be honest with he . arlington you feel what ? norma I feel ... arlington pity ? norma Love . arlington you feel love for I ? norma yes . arlington why ? norma because of my foot . because of my disfigurement . I think of all the pain I have feel in my life because of it ... the physical pain ... the emotional pain . ( beat ) ( more ) 73. norma ( cont 'd ) I think about what it would be like to have that pain magnify and project onto my face ... onto a part of my body that I can not hide with a shoe . there be tear welling in she eye . norma ( cont`d ) I see all of that pain in you face and I understand it ... and I feel a overwhelming feel of love for you because I know I would never feel sorry for myself or my goddamn foot ever again . int . richmond public library -- record room -- next Elizabeth continue to hold she hand out toward Arthur . elizabeth take my hand , son . arthur you call I a cuckold . you make a statement ... make a implication to I that my wife be go to be kill . ( beat ) so please understand why I might be reluctant to take you hand . int . richmond public library -- periodicals section -- next Arlington reach he hand out to Norma . arlington take my hand , Norma ... she stare at he , unable to move ... then take he hand ... int . richmond public library -- record room -- next Elizabeth reach out and grab Arthur 's hand against he will . his body convulse at she touch ... the camera drift in toward Arthur 's face as he eye slowly close . her spell have be cast upon he ... CUT to black : silence . 74 . int . dream -- corridor -- next the camera move slowly down a corridor . the floor be shiny white marble and the wall be frame by ornate molding and renaissance art . Arlington stand at the end of the corridor . he be wear a tuxedo , portray the valet character from sartre 's no exit . the camera pan around to reveal Arthur ... walk slowly down the corridor . Arlington open a door at the end of the corridor and lead Arthur into a drawing room ... recreate from sartre 's play . int . dream -- drawing room -- next Arlington lead Arthur inside and close the door behind he . Inside the drawing room , there be three couch make in the style . : of the second empire . the wall be cover in similar Renaissance art and the floor be marble . norma and walter have now be admit to the draw room . Norma be dress in a elegant black gown . walter wear a tuxedo that look to be nearly identical to the one he father be wear ... and there be a silk blindfold wrapped around he head . he wander around the room ... lose ... the dimension of the room be equal in every way . it be a perfect three - dimensional box . Arthur then look to he wife . he notice that she eyelids be now go . Arthur then turn to he son . walter reach out into the air ... seemingly unaware that they be in , the room with he . the camera move through the wall into another corridor ... bud wall ... dress as another valet , pass by ... and the camera move into another drawing room ... int . dream -- second drawing room -- next Inside the second drawing room ... the camera find ROBERT bevilacqua and he wife . they daughter be wear a silk blindfold . the camera then drift up and move through the glass panel at the top of the room ... 75 . int . dream -- upper level -- next the camera pull up higher ... revealing the layout of a massive network of corridor and drawing room that form a larger box . through the glass ceiling look down into each room ... family be assemble together ... trap together ... forever ... ext . mar surface -- next the camera fly over the edge of the sartre' HOTEL of room and corridor to reveal the plateau of utopia planitia on the surface of mar ... int . lewis house -- master bedroom -- later on Arthur 's eye pop open ... he roll over ... and Norma be asleep in bed next to he . they be both fully dress in the clothes they be wear in the library . arthur Norma ... her eye open . she look around ... disorient . arthur ( cont 'd ) Norma ... what happen ? norma I do not know . Norma notice walter stand in the doorway . walter you come home a hour ago . norma we do ? she sit up in bed ... look at the clock radio . it be 6pm . walter neither of you say a word ... you just walk into the house like two zomby . go straight to bed . Arthur and Norma stare at one another , try to make sense of what have just transpire . norma the wedding . it start in a hour . we have get to get ready . 76 . Norma see that the copy of no exit be now sit on -- heir bedside table . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. -- night a U.S. army jet fly over the nation 's capital . the pentagon and the WASHINGTON monument be visible below . int . U.S. army jet -- next the camera approach US army general nathan teague ( 5as ) , seat just behind the cockpit . in he lap be a file . he be thumbing through a series of photograph of the mar surface . he then arrive at a stack of paperwork . there be a photograph of arthur lewis at the top of the stack . int . lewis house -- master bathroom -- later on Norma , now wear she bridesmaid dress , put a diamond earring in she right lobe . she turn to the mirror and jump in she skin ... as the face stare back at she have no eyelid . int . lewis house -- walter' bedroom -- next Arthur sit on the end of walter 's bed . Walters stand in front of he as he father tie he neck tie in front of a stand mirror . walter what 's go on ? arthur I do not know . walter this be about the box ... be not it ? arthur yeah . walter do you push the button ? arthur you mother do . walter what happen when you push the button ? 77 . arthur I do not know . walter yes you do . you be just not tell I . Arthur finish with he tie . he notice something on the floor of he son 's bedroom . it be the mar comic book . he pick it up and stare at the dark figure loom on the cover . arthur where do you get this ? walter dana . she give it to I . Arthur begin to page through the comic book . ext . willow lawn motel -- roof top -- next Arlington kneel at the edge of the motel swimming pool . he run he hand through the water . steam be rise from the surface . strobe of white light begin flicker from beneath the surface ... as though some unseen source of ENERGY be emanate from down below . Arlington slowly rise to he foot and turn to leave . ext . willow lawn motel -- driveway -- moment later Arlington approach the black sedan idling in the car port . he get inside ... and Bud drive off . int . scope insert -- night the camera look through a telescope lens of some sort from high on a rooftop in downtown Richmond . it scan across several car pass down the street ... pedestrian on the sidewalk ... landing on arlington and bud as they move toward the entrance of a stone front build . ext . richmond rooftop -- night we see that a sniper , dress in a dark suit , be perch on the roof of a adjacent building . he have a earpiece in he leave ear . 78 . sniper alright ... they be enter the building from the south entrance on fourteenth street . int . richmond general assembly build -- moment later Arlington and Bud move down the main corridor of the general assembly build , approach a bank of elevator . a security guard nod to they nervously . Arlington nod back . int . richmond general assembly build -- moment later Arlington and Bud emerge from the elevator on the third floor and move down the hall . as they pass into a reception area , the camera move toward a glass partition with the virginia state emblem etched into the glass . below it be a name : house of delegete griffith powell - majority leader int . griffith powell' office -- reception -- next as they approach the reception area ... the female receptionist ( 30 ) stand up anxiously behind she desk . receptionist Excuse I ... may I help you ? arlington where be he ? receptionist uhhh ... he 's in a meeting . arlington I need to see he ... now . int . griffith powell' office -- next the receptionist come into the office . griffith Powell stand at the window behind he desk ... smoking a cigarette . he be dress in a tuxedo with he jacket hang next to he desk . 79 . receptionist he 's here ... I do not know what to do . Powell turn to face she . powell let he in . the receptionist go back out ... and within moment ... Arlington and Bud enter the office . the receptionist close the door and leave they alone . arlington hello Senator . powell ( terrified ) Mr. steward ... it 's good to see you . arlington call I Arlington . powell okay ... Arlington . Bud just stare at the Senator ... show no sign of emotion . arlington do you have my money ? powell I have give you four-hundred thousand already . how much more be you go to need ? arlington as much as it take . Powell sigh out loud ... irritate . arlington ( cont 'd ) first the nose ... Powell turn around and there be now blood gushing from he nose ... arlington ( cont 'd ) then the ear ... blood begin to ooze from both ear ... as he cover he face ... feel the warm fluid rush from every orifice ... arlington ( cont 'd ) then the eye ... 80 . blood rush from beneath he eyelid ... he entire face cover in blood ... he white shirt drenched ... powell please ! I have get it right here ! Powell reach beneath he desk and retrieve a large briefcase . he place it on the desk . powell ( cont 'd ) it 's all there ! two-hundred thousand ! you can count it if you want ! arlington Bud ... Bud grab the briefcase from the desk and pop it open . he see that it be fill with stack of cash . arlington ( cont 'd ) you tell that sniper you have perch on that roof next door that I can smell he cheap cologne . ext . richmond rooftop -- next the sniper hear Arlington 's voice in he earpiece . arlington ( earpiece ) I think it might be Old spice . the sniper smell he shoulder . int . powell' office -- reception -- next Arlington and Bud move through the reception area . the receptionist lurk behind she desk ... frighten . int . forest lawn babtist church -- night Arthur and Norma be stand in a waiting room in the church where she sister be about to be marry . bridesmaids and groomsmen be chat with one another in anticipation of the ceremony . Norma clutches the copy of no exit . arthur you and walter be there in the room . you be wear a black dress , identical to the one you have on now . ( more ) 81 . arthur ( cont 'd ) walter have a blindfold on . ( beat ) and then you eye ... norma they do not have lid ... arthur yeah . norma I have the same dream . Arthur 's mind be racing ... he glance through the crowd nervously , afraid that they be be watch . arthur what 's the last thing you remember ? norma the library . he be ask I all of this question ... about you ... about we marriage . ( beat ) then I take he hand ... Susan approach ... susan alright girl ... time to line up ! Susan hand Arthur the book and go off with the other bridesmaids . int . forest lawn babtist church -- night Norma stand next to deborah as she be about to take she vow . preacher do you , deborah burn , take Edward Powell , to be you ' - lawfully wedd husband , ' till death do you part ? deborah I do . Norma look over to Arthur , as he sit in the congregation . he be not pay attention to the wedding . he be read sartre 's play ... the camera zoom into a close - up of the page describe the final scene in the play no exit : insert of page : 82. estelle : [ with a peal of laughter ] : forever . my God , how funny ! forever . garcin : [ look over at the two woman , and join in the laughter ] : for ever , and ever , and ever . insert : Arthur 's eye ... read ... insert of page : [ they slump onto they respective sofa . a long silence . they laughter die away and they gaze at each other . ] garcin : well , well , let 's get on with it ... curtain ext . forest lawn square -- night the wedding party come pour out of the church . there be a massive lawn south of the entrance . during the holiday it be fill with christmas tree for sale , and dozen of art &amp ; craft booths assemble in row . the camera move through the crowd to find Norma pose for photo with she fellow bridesmaid out in front of the square . across the square ... Bud Wall lurk within the row of Christmas tree . he spy Arthur and walter mingling with he parent and Senator Powell , who have two secret servicemen stand close by . ext . virginia house -- later on the camera approach the driveway of the virginia house ... which be position at the south end of Forest lawn square . wedding guest be arrive in drove . the house be a large gothic mansion that be often rent out for public event ... and in this case ... for the lavish wedding reception of deborah burn and Edward Powell . ext . virginia house -- back lawn -- later on Arthur and Norma move through the courtyard into the wedding reception area ... which flow through several tent that have be erect with heat lamp and table cover in white tablecloth and floral arrangement . Arthur carry the copy of no exit with he . 83. arthur the play tell the story of uhree people , condemn to hell . they be to remain in a second empire draw room for all of eternity . he close the book ... he mind dissect what he have just read . arthur ( cont 'd ) they soon discover that they eyelid be miss ... and for all eternity they will be unable to sleep . Norma remember most of the play from high school . norma there be no mirror ... so they will never be able to see they own reflection ... but only the face of they tormentor . arthur this be sartre 's vision of hell . norma because Hell ... be other people . the look into one another 's eye ... Norma see a waiter pass by with a tray of champagne . they both take a glass . Jim cross the lawn to greet they . jim Arthur ... can I speak with you privately for a moment ? arthur sure . Arthur walk away with Jim toward the edge of a patio that overlook the whole party . ext . virginia house -- upper patio -- moment later Jim and Arthur stand at a table . Jim have several photograph laid out on the table . they be mostly family photo take from the house of Robert bevilacqua . jim and do you know this fella ? Robert bevilacqua ? 84 . arthur yeah ... I know he . he work at NASA . jim do you know he wife ? arthur no ... jim well ... he shot and kill he wife yesterday morning . arthur no ... jim yeah ... he shot she point blank in the chest in he kitchen . Arthur take a deep breath . he be not feel well . jim ( cont 'd ) this bevilacqua fella ... if he try to contact you or Norma ... you have to call I immediately , you understand ? arthur yeah . of course . Arthur look down at the lawn . Norma be stare back at they . ext . virginia house -- back lawn -- later on Norma be now stand up on stage with a microphone in she hand .. , . give she maid of honor speech . norma my little sister once ask I ... what 's the best thing about be marry ? Norma look across the lawn to the table where Arthur be seat , next to walter and they parent . norma ( cont 'd ) I tell she that ... it 's know that for the rest of you life you will never feel alone . ( beat ) not ever again . she smile at she husband . 85 . norma ( cont 'd ) that be ... until you get divorced . there be laughter from the crowd . deborah blushes ... lean she head on she new husband 's shoulder . norma ( cont 'd ) or ... until he decide to kill you . more laughter . ext . virginia house -- dance floor -- later Arthur and Norma be now slow dance . arthur why do you say that ? norma say what ? arthur in you speech . that joke about I kill you . norma I do not know ... I think it be funny . guess I have have too much champagne . arthur do you dad tell you about Robert bevilacqua ? norma no . arthur he shot he wife yesterday morning . do you know he wife ? norma no . Norma be still search for some other explanation . norma ( cont 'd ) what if it 's all a test for the aspire astronaut ? arthur what do you mean ? 86 . norma a psychological test . they want to see how you will respond to a moral dilemma ... the fate of a human life ... determine by the push of a single button . think of the man on the Apollo thirteen mission ... sound familiar ? they turn slowly on the dance floor ... Arthur close he eye ... he mind racing ... a voice break through the music ... voice ( o.s. ) May I cut in ? Arthur and Norma turn to see a man stand there ... it be dr . earl stupe . stupe I would like to dance with you wife . do you mind ? Arthur glare at Dr. stupe . norma it 's okay Arthur ... Arthur look at he ... then back at Norma . his face have go pale and he look for a moment as though he might faint on the dance floor . arthur I .. i. ( swallows hard ) will you please excuse I ? Arthur move toward the stair that lead up to the palatial estate . walter be there ... wait . walter dad ! what 's go on ? arthur I .. I be gonna be sick walter ... he place he hand on he son 's head for a brief moment and then stumble up the stair . on the dance floor ... Norma be now slow dance with Dr. stupe . 87 . stupe I know what they call I . Dr. stupid . my patient ... the one who will still see I ... they find out what I do and they stop call . norma I be sorry for that . I can not control what people say . stupe I be Dr. stupid now . someone write it on my windshield with soap once . I figure it must have be a relative ... a friend of yours . ( beat ) oh ... how they love you , Norma Lewis . and they love you husband ... the one who save you . do he save you life ? do he rescue you from the oblivion that I manufacture ? norma yes . you have my forgiveness , Earl . people make mistake ... and if they seek forgiveness ... they should be forgiven . ( beat ) that 's the rule of my lord . int . virginia house -- men' bathroom -- next Arthur come into the men' bathroom and rush into one of the stall . he fall to he knee ... lean over the toilet . ext . virginia house -- dance floor -- later on the dance floor ... Norma notice she brother nathan ... sit alone at he table in he wheelchair . he be drunk ... lose in he own sadness . he smile at she ... stupe there be that old cliche ... that the lord work in mysterious way . well ... I have meet the lord . I have speak to he in my dream . and it bring I back to that day in my office when you arrive with a fracture foot ... some thirteen year ago . ( beat ) he tell I that it be essential ... ( more ) 88. stupe ( cont 'd ) a essential event in the cycle of purgatory and its inevitable conclusion . Norma pull away from he . blood drain out of he nose ... stupe ( cont 'd ) for when the cycle of purgatory conclude ... there be nothing leave but a barren wasteland of rock and sand ... a deafen wind and a cold , dry winter . above ... on the marble railing ... the owl be perch on the ledge ... watch ... on the dance floor ... stupe retrieve a pistol from he pocket ... and raise he eye to meet that of he dance partner . stupe ( cont 'd ) I be sorry my dear ... stupe take the pistol ... place it against he temple ... and pull the trigger . blood sprays across the dance floor ... some of it on Norma 's face . people begin to scream and the entire wedding erupt into chaos ... int . virginia house -- men' bathroom -- next Arthur be now stand at the urinal . he begin to hear commotion outside . he turn he head to the leave ... when something cold and metal lock itself around he wrist . Arthur turn back to the right and see that it be Robert bevilacqua . he be stand at the urinal next to he and they be now hand - cuffed together at the wrist . bevilacqua retrieve a gun from he pocket at point it at Arthur . he have dark circle under he eye . bevilacqua you can still save yourself . it 's too late for I ... but you can still save yourself . arthur bevilacqua ... bevilacqua follow I out through the kitchen . I have a truck wait ... 89 . int . virginia house -- back corridor -- next Arthur and bevilacqua emerge from the man 's bathroom into a hallway that lead into the kitchen . Beyond they ... in th.e parlor ... there be commotion among the member of the wedding party in response to the gunshot . int . virginia house -- kitchen -- next Arthur and bevilacqua move through the kitchen . the waiter and waitress be all distract by the commotion and barely take notice of they as they pass through ... ext . virginia house -- moment later walter walk down the driveway as several police officer rush past he , move toward the entrance of the house . the whole place be be evacuate ... he look toward the square ... and begin to move in that direction . the camera drift back toward the rock pillar that stand at the entrance to the house . Arlington be stand there in front of it . he be wear he black hat ... pull down low . he begin to follow walter toward the square ... ext . virginia house -- back driveway -- next Arthur and bevilacqua come out the back entrance into the driveway . there be a white pickup truck park there . bevilacqua open the passenger side door and the two of they slide across the seat , bevilacqua behind the wheel . ext . forest lawn square -- moment later walter wander through a group of christmas caroler ... move toward the maze of christmas tree . he look over he shoulder ... where Arlington emerge from a crowd ... stare he down like a monster . walter 's face be ghost white with terror . he begin to walk faster through the maze . 90 . ext . virginia house -- driveway -- moment later Norma come down the driveway with she mother and sister ... overcome with shock ... search the crowd ... norma walter ? ext . virginia house -- back driveway -- next bevilacqua put the truck into drive and speed out of the driveway onto the street . Jim stand across the lawn , man the chaos . he recognize the two man as the pass he by ... and he raise he walkie - talkie to he mouth . jim I just spot bevilacqua ... he 's in a white pick - up truck . potential hostage situation . ext . forest lawn square -- moment later walter wind he way through the maze of Christmas tree ... round a corner ... where he run into dana . dana walter ... walter hey . Bud arrive next to she . dana be everything alright ? walter no . dana come with we . she take he hand and they move north back toward the church . ext . 1- 95 -- night the white pick - up drive south down 1- 95 . 91 . int . white pick - up truck -- next bevilacqua have he hand on the steering wheel ... Arthur 's leave arm extend due to the hand -cuffing . bevilacqua ( delirious ) do you push the button ... or be it you wife ? arthur my wife . bevilacqua yeah ... I too . I be not even home . she decide to push it when I be not around to stop she . arthur and now she 's dead . do you kill she ? bevilacqua I do not want to talk about it . arthur where be you take I ? bevilacqua retrieve a NASA dossier from the dashboard and hand it to Arthur . bevilacqua Kenneth weller . you know he ? arthur name sound familiar . do he work at langley too ? bevilacqua yep . he 's next . him and he wife ... they have get the box now . suddenly ... blue and red light appear behind they ... follow by the sound of a siren . ext . 1- 95 -- night two police cruiser be now tailing the pick - up truck . int . white pick - up truck -- next bevilacqua step on the gas ... accelerate to outrun they . 92 . arthur what be you do ? bevilacqua I be not gonna let they get I ... Arthur ... we have get to get to Kenneth weller . we have get to break the chain ... or you wife be gonna die ! arthur how be she go to die ? bevilacqua you be go to kill she ! bevilacqua swerve into the oncoming traffic lane to pass a car in front of they . a large 18 - wheeler truck be barrel toward they . bevilacqua pull the truck back into the right lane . ext . 1- 95 -- next the 18 wheeler slam on the brake ... then jack - knife to the leave ... block both lane ... one of the police cruiser pull off into the ditch ... while the second cruiser swerve and smashes head on into the side of the truck bed ... sheering the top of the sedan into two piece ... int . white pick - up truck -- next Arthur look back over he shoulder ... see the car smash together . arthur Jesus ! you be gonna get we kill ! bevilacqua do steward take you to the library ? do you meet he mother ... the librarian ? arthur yeah . bevilacqua do she tell you about prometheus ? arthur yeah ... 93. bevilacqua steward have a twin brother ... and he work for the CIA . up ahead ... Arthur see four more police cruiser with they light flash . they have form a roadblock . bevilacqua lower he foot onto the accelerator ... refuse to back down . bevilacqua ( cont 'd ) this be purgatory ... we be live in purgatory ... ext . 1- 95 -- night the white truck smashes through the line of police cruiser as police officer dive for cover . a officer raise he gun and fire off several round toward the truck . a bullet explode the right front tire ... the truck swerve and flip over onto one side ... tumble over and over along the interstate in a horrific crash . oncoming car swerve into ditch ... and the white truck come slide to a stop on the wet pavement . the camera slowly approach the smoking wreckage ... catch a glimpse of bevilacqua ... he face cover in blood . Arthur remain hide from sight . ext . virginia house -- driveway -- moment later Norma rush down the sidewalk on the perimeter of the square ... search for she son . norma walter ? a black sedan pull up next to she ... and reston step out of the car . Norma lock eye with he ... recognize he face ... reston Mrs. Lewis ? Norma Lewis ? norma yes . 94 . reston my name be reston steward . I work for the CIA . norma yeah ? where be my son ? where be my husband ? reston please ... get into the car . Norma stare at he in disbelief ... as he open the back door and gesture inside . reston ( cont 'd ) ( gentle ) please ... there be not much time . ext . 1- 95 -- night -- later on Jim burn walk through the aftermath of the crash site . there be now several FIRE truck , ambulance and other emergency vehicle scattered on either side of the interstate . Robert bevilacqua 's dead body be now on a stretcher . Jim look down at he briefly ... then turn to another officer on the scene . jim where 's Arthur ? officer # 1 they take he away in a ambulance . int . ambulance -- next Arthur sit up in the back of the ambulance . he have a small scrape on he cheekbone ... but otherwise appear unharme . a ems technician be in there with he . he hand Arthur a ice pack . ems technician here ... hold this against you forehead . it will keep you head from swell . Arthur take the ice pack and place it against he head . arthur thanks . 95 . ems technician I think it might have be a miracle . the ems technician shake he head in disbelief . arthur what ? ems technician that car accident . I have never see someone walk away from a accident like that . ( beat ) somebody upstairs be look out for you , buddy . the door to the ambulance open . a US army officer appear . he step away from the door and General teague emerge from the darkness . teague be you able to walk , son ? arthur yes , sir . teague please step out of the ambulance . ext . howard johnson -- parking lot -- next Arthur step out of the ambulance and see that it be park in front of a howard johnson HOTEL on a exit of 1 - 95 . the hotel have a diner attach to it . there be more than a dozen police car park in front , along with .. several black sedan and military vehicle . Arthur hear the rumble of a helicopter circle the sky above they . its searchlight sweep through the forest . in front of the diner entrance ... more than a dozen men operate video cameras and still cameras mount on tripod , all point toward the front window of the diner . teague be stand with cahill and reston , along with several other military personnel . Arthur notice Norma as she emerge from a black sedan ... she look exhaust ... delirious . norma Arthur ! 96 . arthur Norma ! she hug he ... neither have sleep in two day . norma where 's walter ? arthur I do not know . reston step forward . reston my brother have take you son ... but he assure I that he be alive and well . reston try to comfort they with a smile . reston ( cont 'd ) take a walk with we . Norma and Arthur begin to walk with reston , teague and cahill toward the diner entrance . reston ( cont 'd ) be you familiar with the myth of prometheus ? arthur yeah . reston in the 1940s ... when NASA be form , we begin develop , in secret , a project that we dub the prometheus effect . teague project fictional scenario about how we would respond , if and when we come into contact with a alien intelligence . reston if the intelligence have hostile intent ... or if it begin to somehow display proof of its ability to destroy we , we would have a system in place to begin negotiate with it in secret . 97 . teague the goal of prometheus be to maintain coexistence with this life - form , and eventually achieve peace with it , so that its power can be harness , develop and apply in such a manner that will benefit the human race . Arthur notice that cahill be hold a folder in he right hand . cahill on the night of September 3rd , as the server be downloading image from the Viking camera system that you help design ... we experience a electrical surge from a bolt of lightning . as they arrive at the entrance to the diner , cahill show Arthur a blurry black and white photograph . cahill ( cont 'd ) a anomaly in the series of Viking image produce this photograph of the Mars surface . the photo appear to be a ghost - like trail of white light streaking across the martian landscape . teague nod toward the diner window . teague accord to ... it ... and whatever it be ... Arthur notice Arlington sit alone in a booth inside the diner ... wait ... teague ( cont 'd ) a ghost ... a apparition ... a methane compound imbed in pulse of electricity ... cahill if the human spirit be assign a specific bandwidth upon conception ... twin ... would provide it with a dual bandwidth carrier ... reston ( interrupting ) it claim to be more than six billion year old . 98 . J Arthur stare at the streak of white light in the photo . arthur my camera ... take this photo ... cahill we have run the data sequence off the server more than a thousand time . each time ... this one photo in the sequence come out of the dark room just like this . we can not explain why . Arthur hand the photo back to cahill . norma what do it want ? cahill glance at teague ... who look to cahill . cahill I think the same thing that it want from bevilacqua ... except that poor boy be no longer around to tell we why he shot he wife . norma what do he say to you when you be in the car with he ? arthur something about break the chain . he want to find the next test subject ... and prevent they from push the button . cahill be write diligently on he note pad . reston can now feel something take control of he ... he look to teague ... terrify . he close he eye ... he body begin to twitch . teague stare at he friend ... realize what be happen . reston open he eye ... now possess ... blood drain from he ear . reston General teague ... it 's a pleasure to meet you . ( beat ) I would like to continue with my experiment ... if you do not mind . reston smile at the General . 99 . reston ( cont 'd ) please do not interfere ... as I assure you that if you do ... there will be dire consequence ... reston then turn to face Arthur and Norma . reston ( cont 'd ) time be of the essence ... and I would like to invite my guest inside . reston open the door to the diner and gesture to Arthur and Norma for they to come inside . int . howard johnson -- diner -- next Arthur , Norma and reston make they way down the long aisle of the diner , flanke by a row of booth , across from a long lunch counter with a metal surface . Arlington sit alone in a booth . he pivot he head around to face they . arlington please have a seat . reston sit down next to he twin brother ... Arthur and Norma sit down across from the twin . Arlington have now lock completely into he brother 's spirit ... the movement of the two man be in now in perfect synchronicity , staggered by exactly one second ... reston follow Arlington . Arlington 's eye remain close in deep concentration ... Arlington 's lip move silently ... and reston repeat they out loud . reston 's demeanor be now kind ... gentle ... almost apologetic for he past behavior . reston / arlington do not be frighten by my manner of communication ... but it be become more difficult for I to speak , give my body 's ... condition . norma what have you do with we son ? 100 . reston / arlington we will get to he in a moment ... but first I want you to know that I have a deep respect and admiration you both , and I be very sorry ... that you push the button . ext . willow lawn motel -- pool -- next Bud now have walter laid out on the cement next the edge of the swimming pool at the shallow end . the boy be unconscious ... still dress in he suit from the wedding . from across the pool ... dana be squatting on the end of the diving board ... watch they . Bud then remove walter 's right shoe and sock ... expose he bare foot . he then retrieve a serrate hunting knife ... and cut in the flesh from he big toe across the ball of he foot ... draw blood . int . howard johnson -- diner -- next reston close he eye for a moment . when he open they ... tear have begin to form , as though he cannot bear the news that he brother be force he to deliver . reston / arlington I will now give you a chance to save yourselves ... a opportunity for redemption and salvation . ext . willow lawn motel -- pool -- next Bud be now carry the unconscious walter in he arm . he step into the shallow end of the heat pool ... and dunk the boy under the surface . blood from the cut on the bottom of he foot drain out into the water like red ink ... int . howard johnson -- diner -- next Norma close she eye ... the impending sense of dread building inside of she . reston / arlington two of you son 's five functional sense have be permanently impair . 101 . ext . willow lawn motel -- pool -- next underwater ... walter float with he arm spread wide ... white strobe of light flicker around he . the light streak bear a close resemblance to the image in the - Mars photo . blood stream out from he foot into the water . int . howard johnson -- diner -- next blood be now flow out of reston 's leave nostril . both Arthur and Norma recoil in horror . reston / arlington he be now blind and deaf . ( beat ) for the rest of he life , he will never hear you voice ... or see you face . arthur ( under he breath ) why ... reston / arlington you be now present with two option . ( beat ) option one ... you enjoy the rest of you life with the money you have be give , and you learn to live with you son 's disability . reston then reach into he pocket and retrieve a pistol . he place it on the table next to the box . reston / arlington ( cont 'd ) and then there be option number two . ( beat ) there be one bullet in the chamber of this gun . reston slide the gun across the table in Arthur 's direction . reston / arlington ( cont 'd ) you can fire this bullet into you wife 's heart ... kill she . ( beat ) at the exact moment that she spirit depart the earth , this curse upon you son will be reverse , and both of he impair sense will instantaneously return to normal . 102 . Arthur look over at Norma in disbelief ... then back at the twin . he cannot fathom how it have now come to this . reston / arlington ( cont 'd ) Arthur , you will then be arrest and charge with the murder of you wife ... and the money will be place in a interest bear trust for you son to receive upon he eighteenth birthday . norma that 's not fair . ( beat ) let I do it . I , push you stupid button . if I deserve to be punish for it ... then let I kill myself . Arthur have nothing to do with this . reston / arlington I be sorry , but the offer be not negotiable . ( to arthur ) and if Norma 's finger so much as touch the weapon at any point from this moment on ... the restoration of walter 's sight and sound will be deny . norma if Arthur have to do it ... then I want you to make it look like a suicide . Arthur should not be punish for something that I do . reston / arlington I be sorry ... but the term of the offer be not negotiable . Arthur face have go completely white . arthur be there a afterlife ? the twin smile cryptically in response to Arthur 's question . arthur ( cont 'd ) because this be purgatory , right ? the earth be purgatory ... and you be here to start shutting thing down ... right ? the twin appear impressed with he foresight . 103 . reston / arlington I find you theory to be quite fascinating . but I must remind you that I be unable to disclose the identity of my employer . Arthur glance out the window at all of the camera . arthur right . I get it . reston then turn to the window ... reston / arlington can someone please bring up the car ? ext . howard johnson -- diner -- moment later Arthur and Norma emerge from the diner in a state of delirium . a soldier pull up in Arthur 's tran - am . he step out of the car and hold the door open . teague and cahill approach ... as men in dark suit snap hundred of photograph of the couple . cahill put he hand on Arthur 's shoulder ... search for word . teague glance inside the diner ... then back at Arthur . Arthur nod he head slowly ... he mind lose ... and he limp toward the car with Norma at he side . int . arthur' car -- next Norma sit behind the wheel ... allow Arthur to ride shotgun . he look weaken by the whole ordeal , and she be afraid he might pass out . arthur tell I this be not happen , Norma . norma this be not happen ... she start the engine ... and they drive off . Arthur watch the parking lot full of men reflect back at they in the side- view mirror . 104 . ext . interstate 95 -- sunrise helicopter shot : the camera fly over 1 - 95 as Arthur 's car travel north toward Richmond . a military helicopter fly overhead ... escort they on they journey home . int . arthur' car -- next Arthur sit shotgun as Norma drive they home . they have be riding in silence for quite some time now , have reach a level of complete mental and physical exhaustion . norma all this year ... I have give you the impression that walter be a accident . arthur yeah ... and ? norma and ... it be not exactly a accident . ( beat ) I stop take the pill when I meet you ... arthur why ? norma because I be so afraid of lose you to someone prettier than I . Arthur just stare at she ... unsure how to respond . norma ( cont 'd ) for that alone ... I deserve a bullet in the heart ... do not you think ? arthur no ... I do not . she manage a smile . a tear roll down she cheek as she stare out at the pavement and the endless tree lining either side of the interstate . ext . lewis house -- foyer -- early morning Arthur pull the car up into the driveway . the street be quiet and empty . 105 . they step out of the car . dana be sit on the front porch , wait for they . she rise to she foot as they approach . dana do my dad tell you why he love you , Norma ? Norma realize that she have be involved all along . blood drain from she nose . norma no . dana because you be a amputee . he say that the soul of a amputee leak out into the wind ... search for the place where there be no longer flesh and bone . ( beat ) it say that the soul that leak be the soul that endure . it be the kindest and bravest soul of they all . norma where be we son ? dana he 's lock in the upstairs bathroom . I think he just wake up . dana turn away ... and begin to walk down the sidewalk in the opposite direction . int . lewis house -- upstair bathroom -- next walter lay inside the bathtub , soaking wet . he be still wear he suit from the wedding . he be shiver ... look around ... disorient ... his eye -ball be now completely white ... pupil no longer visible . walter be anyone - there ?! he begin claw at the wall ... try to figure out where he be . walter ( cont 'd ) I can not see ! 106 . he climb out of the bathtub and begin to crawl across the tile floor . he run into the door ... and then reach up and find the doorknob . it be lock . he begin to bang on the door relentlessly . int . lewis house -- upstair hallway -- next Norma and Arthur come up the stair and round the corner of the hallway . walter 's hand reach out through the crack beneath the door . Norma try to open the door but there be a massive lock install on it . norma walter ! Norma reach down and take she son 's hand . walter who 's there ?! who 's there ?! norma walter ! it 's mom ! can you hear I ?! walter who' there ?!! norma can you hear I !!? int . lewis house -- upstair bathroom -- next he do not respond ... and begin bang he head against the door ... harder and harder ... thump ... thump ... norma ( o.s. ) can you hear I ?!!! int . lewis house -- upstair hallway -- next no response ... just he head ... slamm against the door repeatedly . arthur we need to kick the door down . norma he could get hurt ... 107 . Norma begin to pound back on the door with she fist ... and eventually the thumping stop . she begin to hear quiet sob from inside the bathroom . walter who 's there ? who 's there ? Norma rise to she foot . norma come downstairs , Arthur . she take he leave hand ... as he clutches walter 's hand in he right . norma ( cont 'd ) Arthur ... ( beat ) I need you to come downstairs with I ... right now . int . weller house -- bedroom -- next suzanne weller ( 30 ) sit on she bed . her husband kenneth weller ( 30 ) stand at the window . neither look like they have sleep in a while . Suzanne have the box sit on the mattress in front of she ... the glass dome be open . suzanne I be gonna push it . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next Arthur and Norma stand across from one another in the kitchen . Arthur hold the gun in he right hand ... and he slowly limp over to he wife and take she into he arm . arthur Norma ... norma Arthur ... I love you , and I be so sorry ... I be so sorry that I do this to we ... arthur I be the one who tell you to push the button ... so do not apologize . he look out through the window at he back yard ... likely for the last time . 108 . arthur ( cont 'd ) I love you too ... and please know ... that I regret nothing in this life we have live together . norma I will be wait ... count the day until my Arthur come to see I . int . weller house -- bedroom -- next Suzanne weller smile at she husband ... reach she finger out and place it on the button . she then press down . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next from upstair ... thump ... thump ... they son 's head bang against the door ... norma it 's go to be harder for you to live than for I to die . Arthur close he eye ... the noise be excruciate . there be no time to wait any longer . arthur well then . ( beat ) let 's get on with it . Arthur kiss she ... then step back ... still clutching she hand ... raise the gun ... and fire off a round into she heart . Norma collapse ... Arthur fall with she ... break she fall with he arm as they collapse into a heap onto the linoleum floor . int . weller house -- bedroom -- next Suzanne look over at she husband and let out a derange giggle . he smile back . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next Arthur look down into he wife 's eye as the life drain from she body . second later ... Norma be dead . 109 . blood begin to flow from the exit wound in she back across the linoleum . Arthur be now cover in it . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next walter crawl across the blood - soak kitchen floor and reach up to the phone that be mount on the wall . he take he finger and place it in the cradle ... dial 911 . int . richmond police station -- 911 emergency -- next the camera track along a series of cubicle at the police station in downtown Richmond . a operator sit at each cubicle ... each one female . operator # 1 911 emergency ... how may I direct you call ? the camera move in closer ... int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next Arthur have the phone to he ear ... imprint of he wife 's blood be smear on the phone 's receiver . arthur yes . this be Arthur Lewis at 1560 monument Avenue . I have just shot my wife ... can you please send a ambulance ? the Operator begin to ask more question ... but Arthur do not listen . he hang up the phone . the thumping from upstairs have now subside . arthur ( cont 'd ) walter !!! he pull himself to he foot and head into the foyer . int . lewis house -- kitchen -- next Arthur round the corner at the base of the stair ... arthur walter !!! 110 . int . lewis house -- upstair hallway -- next Arthur round the corner of the upstairs hallway ... rush toward the bathroom door . walter 's hand come slide out from beneath the crack in the door . Arthur grab it . arthur walter !!! walter dad ? arthur yes ... can you hear I ? walter yeah . arthur what do you see ? where be you walter ? walter I be in the bathroom ... arthur can you see clearly ? walter yeah ... I can see ... everything be bright ... but I can see . arthur everything be bright . everything be bright walter ... you be gonna be okay , buddy . walter what 's go on ? arthur you be gonna be okay , buddy . that 's all that matter . ( beat ) that 's all that matter , now . out of the corner of he eye , Arthur notice something at the top of the stair . it be a police officer . he have he gun aim at Arthur . police officer back away from the door and put you hand on you head !! Arthur stare at the officer ... freeze ... the repercussion of he decision now stare he in the face with a load gun . police officer ( cont 'd ) I say back away from the door and put you hand on you head !! Arthur obey ... and the cop rush over and push he over onto he stomach ... handcuff he wrist together . int . weller house -- foyer -- next the doorbell ring . Suzanne weller open the door . Arlington be stand there with he briefcase ... smile . arlington Mrs. weller ... do you have the button unit ? int . lewis house -- kitchen -- later that morning a coroner place a blanket over Norma 's face as the house be seal off by various crime scene investigator and other police . ext . lewis house -- front walk -- moment later Arthur be now be escort by two police officer to a wait cruiser that be park in front of the house . Jim burn be stand there with the door open . arthur I be sorry , Jim . he stare Arthur down as he be put into the back seat of the cruiser . Jim close the door and go around to the front of the car . Jim get behind the wheel and start the engine . Arthur look back through the window , toward he house . upstair in the master bedroom window ... walter be watch , tear stream down he face . Arthur reach up with he hand ... cuffed together ... and try he best to wave at he son . 112 . arthur ( cont 'd ) ( mouthing silently ) I `m sorry ... from the window ... walter watch the car pull away from the curb . he place he hand on the glass ... wave back . CUT to black :