spitfire picture present the way back screenplay by Peter weir inspire by the book ' the Long walk 's by slavomir rawicz shoot draft : sofia , January 2009 this script be the property of exclusive Film distribution Ltd and be not to be copy or distribute without we express consent . revise 4/23/09 ( buff ) revise 3/31/09 ( Tan ) revise 3/17/09 ( cherry ) revise 3/16/09 ( salmon ) revise 3/11/09 ( goldenrod ) revise 3/5/09 ( Green ) revise 3/4/09 ( yellow ) revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) exclusive Film distribution 52 haymarket London sw1y 4rp tel : + 44 ( 0)20 7321 4827 www.exclusivemedia.com aerial panorama - day to night 1 a slow , steady , downward view . the camera seemingly float as the curve of the globe pass beneath . beginning in the green jungle of Sikkim in Northern India it cross the himalayas , down into tibet and beyond to China - the zigzag line of the great Wall clearly visible . then the gobi desert be flow beneath , and as the light begin to fade , Mongolia give way to the Russian steppe , and as dusk turn to night we be over siberia - glide North over Lake baikal , and onward across forest hill and valley . a sense of utter remoteness in this silent landscape . then a tiny shave patch within the primeval forest - a bald rectangle of ground , crisscross by faint probing light . the camera slow , and hover . ext . soviet labor camp 105 , siberia - night 2 out of the blackness , the momentary glimpse of a barb wire fence , light by the comb finger of a searchlight . another angle , and the silhouette of distant timber building be briefly etched , before the light pass and all be again in darkness . closer , on a canvas-side barrack building - ghostly shadow project on the wall . super : ' soviet labor camp 105 , siberia , 1940 's . int . barracks , camp 105 , siberia -— night 3 a long rectangular building , the wall line with two tiere bunk of rough-hewn log . in the centre - a metal stove with a chimney stretch out through the roof . a dim central bulb illuminate some 150 man , age from 16 to 60 , most sit or lie on they bunk . some wear scrap of army uniform , or civilian clothing , other in prison issue padded jacket . some , from the asian territory , still wear something of they national costume . include among they be group of foreigner from recently occupy country and a babel of language drift through the fetid air . it 's a wide range mix of type , of race , of class . they be miserable , starve and ill . there be no camp camaraderie and they eye each other with indifference or suspicion . most of this man be political prisoner , know as ' Political 's or ' 58er 's , after the section of the Soviet penal code that have put they here . near the stove , and contrast with the ' Political 's , a group be gather about a card game on a lower bunk . this man look healthier , and be further distinguished by they tattoo . ( continued ) revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 2 . continued : 3 this be the urki , some dozen of they , regular criminal , and from they manner the undisputed master of the block . sitting face each other - valka , thirty , heavily tattooe , flash of a steel - cape tooth . his opponent , bohdan , older , and the ' pakhan 's , the ' boss 's of this eriminal gang . bohdan shuffles a deck of home - make card . { all dialogue in the camp be in russian , sub - titled , except where indicate that inmate speak english ] . bohdan ( in Russian ) what have you get ? a k valka remove he coat , pass it to bohdan who examine it briefly . bohdan ( cont 'd ) think I want you stinking lice farm ? valka Polish tailor . he show the label . valka ( cont 'd ) see ? from krakov . good as new . bohdan nod to he minder who open a batter wooden suitcase — a glimpse of hoard food . the minder put he hand on a lump of bread lie beside a length of sausage . bohdan nod . the bread be place beside the coat . valka ( cont ’d ) and the sausage . bohdan stare at he , shake he head , ' no 's . valka ( cont 'd ) bohdan , you be a dog 's prick , I swear . I hope you die with a axe in you skull , and you ball rip out . the swear be more or less a ritual and provoke no reaction . valka ( cont 'd ) ok . for the bread . ( conttnurd '' continued : ( 2 ) 3 bohdan shuffles and deal . he separate he card with the long fingernail of he little finger . in a few rapid play , valka be leave coat-less . apart from the half - dozen thug surround the player , the game be watch by two ' Political 's , who have just enter with a load of wood for the stove . the elder , smith , a hard - face man in he late forty , the other andrei , early twenty . valka signal to yuri who take three ' tailor-made 's cigarettes from he pocket , pass they carefully to valka who lay they before bohdan . bohdan for the bread . valka for the bread , and the sausage , bastard ! bohdan enjoy himself . bohdan throw in that crappy shirt you be wear and I might be tempt . smile from the gang . valka know he 's be mock but he 's desperate . his eye flick down to the sausage . then he take off he shirt . he sit bare - chest , a tattooe portrait of lenin on he leave breast look across at stalin on he right . bohdan deal , and again valka lose . valka 's mate yuri place a padded prison jacket over he bony shoulder , which he shrug off irritably , then offer to bohdan . bohdan ( cont 'd ) I do not play for regulation issue crap . valka light a cigarette . bohdan ( cont ’d ) all do , valka ? valka try to conceal he mount tension behind a veil of cool . valka I go on credit . bohdan ' credit 's ? ( continued ) of the hof * x + Ho de + of revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 4 . continued : ( 3 ) 3 valka nervously finger a aluminium crucifix hang by a cord from he neck . etched on the cross a naked woman . bohdan ( cont ’d ) you be already in debt . valka 's anxious eye . they settle on smith by the stove . he speak in carefully articulate English . valka come here . smith return the stare , then slowly approach . valka ( cont 'd ) take off you ..- coat . a silence , the criminal gang sense a showdown . there 's something about smith , something steely , unpredictable . the fire crackle loudly . smith all the while hold valka 's stare . ** [ the dialogue return to russian . ] valka ( cont 'd ) Worth shit ! he look at smith 's companion . valka ( cont 'd ) you . andrei go pale , remove he coat to reveal a decent — look pattern wool sweater . he offer the coat . valka ( cont 'd ) let 's have the sweater . andrei take the coat . valka I want the sweater . andrei do not move . valka ( cont 'd . ) ( cont 'd ) you babushka make it for you ? come on , hand it over . andrei be visibly shaking . ** ( conttnurd ) revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 5 . continued : ( 4 ) 3 andrei you have no authority , here . valka get up , move slowly to andrei , a smile on he lip . then he casually reach down as if to tuck he trousers deeper into he boot , reach for something , and in one slow balletic movement , swing up and stretch out he hand to andrei , and andrei sob and lean to one side . bohdan be that really necessary ? in the dim light andrei 's face be grey as he sag to the floor . none of the other prisoner move to help he , nor do they show any sign of concern , as valka place the knife back in he boot and return to the game . yuri step forward and strip the sweater from the dead man , hand it on to valka , who pass it to bohdan . bohdan examine it professionally , wipe a little blood off he hand . bohdan ( cont ’d ) ok . for the sausage . the game resume . fade to black . fade up on : ext . graveyard , forest near camp 105 , siberia - night 4 ** freshly dig grave . Close on one of this , stone pile in a mound over the grave . hand into frame move aside the stone . wider to see two prisoner , breath steaming from they mouth , as they work quickly and quietly to uncover the grave . the older of the two be khabarov , late thirty , the other , lazar , late twenty . furtive look over they shoulder as a occasional blade of light from the watchtower throw they into silhouette . khabarov here he be . he reach out to touch a human toe poke out of the rock . as they work — Close on the face of andrei , as they continue to uncover he body . ( conttnurd '' as revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 6 . continued : 4 khabarov ( cont ’d ) he 's not freeze yet , that 's lucky . the remain stone be remove to find the corpse dress in nothing but underwear . lazar damn ! picked clean ! bloody thief . khabarov keep you voice down , be grateful there 's anything leave . they reach into the grave to retrieve the underwear . omitted a5 ** int wash - house — night abs ** lazar 's hand in water , some kind of tin sink , water run red as the underwear be rinse clean of blood . ext . barracks , camp 105 — dawn 5 a Soviet guard beat a hammer against a hang length of iron . int . barrack build - same time — dawn 6 Close on the barrack stove , the underwear drying , khabarov 's hand into the frame . as the prisoner rise , follow a hand to hand exchange of the set of underwear for a hank of tobacco . khabarov have do the deal split the tobacco with lazar . move quickly to complete a second deal , khabarov swap half he share of the tobacco with another prisoner for two slice of bread . he wait until the last of the man leave then he carefully break off a corner from one piece of bread , conceal the rest in a hide place in the dirt at the base of he bunk - a glimpse of a cache of hoard food and other item . ( conttnurd '' revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 7 . continued : 6 the save morsel he place on he tongue , and close he ** eye . he do not chew , just let it dissolve like the eucharist . then it 's go in a slow swallow and he open he eye . he can hear a guard shouting outside , but he hesitates , carefully lick he finger . he stare at he hand . Close on a spot between he finger — there 's a crumb there . into frame , the tip of he tongue as it slowly and carefully retrieve the tiny speck of bread . ext . labor camp 105 , siberia ~ dawn 7 the camp see in a distant view — surround by double wire , a collection of weathered timber building with watchtower place at regular interval along the perimeter . in the distance , dense forest . enter frame a column of close to a hundred man march toward the camp . follow behind be a lorry , carry ** six guard , supplies for they recent journey , and a camp ** stove . *e ext . camp gate — dawn 8 as they approach one of the prisoner look up to a arch stretch across the gate — a hand - paint sign in Russian subtitle : ' labor be honor , glory , nobility , and heroism 's . the prisoner be janusz , early twenty and he exchange a look with the man beside he , tomasz , about the same age . ae another angle show a line of prisoner , five abreast , march toward they on they way to work . they have they attendant guard and dog and as the two column pass each other the contrast between the half - starve , ill look ' old 's prisoner and the comparative health of the ' new’ , could not be more apparent — ' be this what we be to become ? 's on the face of the ' new 's . we glimpse some of that already establish - they include bohdan , and valka , and further back — smith and khabarov . as they pass they look across to janusz and tomasz , both Polish , and behind they to voss , a tall young latvian with a mop of white - blonde hair . behind voss - zoran , a blanket over he three - piece suit . beside he , another pole - kazik , at seventeen , the youngest in the group . ext . ' the zone 's , camp 105 - day 9 the newly arrive prisoner assemble between the various building — a area know as the ' zone 's . ( conttnurd ) revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 8 . continued : 9 the camp be be expand , and everywhere be pile of cut timber , coil of wire , and work go on replace old canvas-side barrack with new timber one . a k the spring thaw have turn recently melt snow into slush , and duck -board be hastily laid to allow the commandant to cross to tke assemble prisoner . he walk with he subordinate and lazar who be foreman of the new *** camp construction . lazar carry a sheaf of plan , and ak the commandant stop , study a draw , then impatiently issue a order dismiss he . rk the commandant mount a box , accept a folder of document from he subordinate , who have in turn receive they from the escort guard . the commandant survey the prisoner before he . he 's a man in he fifty with a bland but not unintelligent cast to he feature . he look up from the collection of document in he hand . commandant enemy of the people ! look about you ... and understand ... it be not we gun , or we dog , or we wire , that form you prison . siberia be you prison . all four million square mile of it . here in Camp 105 , you will work hard . work and you eat . eat and you live . Close on janusz and he friend . 10- 13 al4 14 revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 9. omitted 10 - 13 ext . the zone , camp 105 - day al4 later , the newly arrive prisoner exit the wash-house , head and beard shave . in the background a glimpse of other wait they turn . to one side of the wash -— house , a pile of they luggage . a couple of guard sort through they belonging , pockete the odd item . janusz , voss and kazik , head shave , exit the hut . janusz ' 's attention be catch by the man work on replace the old stockade wall with a new double barb — wire fence . the overseer , lazar , give a signal and a section of the old wall fall to the ground . ext . camp kitchen , the zone ~— night 14 the prisoner move in a line toward a open window in the side of the kitchen building . here , under the watchful eye of the cook - one of bodhan 's man - a single serve of thin soup be slopped into they metal bowl . one have no bowl , so he use he hat . janusz and he friend shuffle toward the window . they attention be catch by a group of blind prisoner feel they way along the side of the kitchen hut , a hand on the shoulder of the man in front . voss ( to janusz ) ( in English ) night blindness . saw it in the transit camp ... vitamin deficiency . smith , a couple of place ahead in the line , turn on hearing English speak . as janusz move forward he watch several wild - eye man scramble about in a pile of kitchen slop throw into the mud by the kitchen door . they find here the odd scrap of food , or simply soak they finger in the slime , then lick they clean . ( conttnurd ) kkk kkk ek ek ek ek ek 14 revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 10 . continued : 14 smith , have be serve , move away , retrieve a hoard slice of bread from within he jacket . he dip it into the soup , raise it to he mouth when a corner of the bread drop to the ground . one of the garbage - eater , dive for it , but smith be too quick for he , kkk place a boot over the scrap of bread . janusz watch as smith pick up the bread , clean off the dirt and eat it , he every move watch by the starve man at he foot . janusz offer the remainder of he soup to the man who greedily drink it . smith and janusz stare at each other . smith ( in English ) Planning to survive on half ration , son ? janusz surprised by the american accented English . janusz ( in English ) he 's a old man . smith I be a old man . but I 'il be alive in the morning . he will not . he go to move away , hesitates , turn back to janusz . smith ( cont 'd ) ' kindness 's . that can kill you a k here . you will learn that . he place the last morsel of bread in he mouth , and chew slowly , turn and walk away . khabarov ( v.o. ) ( in English ) american . janusz turn to find khabarov beside he look at smith 's retreate back . janusz american ? *e k he look back to smith walk away toward the barrack . *** khabarov stalin do not like foreigner . ek that include pole . you be eee Polish be not you ? ak janusz still stare after smith . wee ( conttnurd ) 14 revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 11 . continued : ( 2 ) janusz nod . janusz yes , I be . khabarov I love you pole , you burn sense of injustice , you yearn for freedom . ( he offer he hand ) . khabarov ( cont 'd ) khabarov . andrei timofeyevich . 14 janusz look at he — he wear a distinctive coat , trim with fur - something refine about he , ‘aristocratic 's even . he offer he hand , and they shake . janusz weiszczek , janusz . khabarov and you ' prayer 's , may I ask ? janusz 58.10 khabarov 58.10 ... a spy ? janusz that 's what they tell I . khabarov ten year ? janusz twenty . khabarov indicate himself . khabarov 58.14 . sabotage , ten year . they begin walk toward the distant barrack building . khabarov ( cont ’d ) and you be in the cavalry ? janusz ' 's suspicion arouse . ( conttnied '' kkk rk rk ek ee 14 continued : ( 3 ) revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 12 . janusz ( sharply ) how could you know that ? you , may ' swagger 's . he lean forward , wh janusz relax , smil the line , thousand khabarov oh there 's that Polish spirit ! I observe thing — you demeanor , I say , certain ' cavalryman 's , that 's how I would cast you . isper . khabarov ( cont ’d ) we have be wait for you ... poor Poland , Hitler invade from the West ... World War ... day later , stalin from the East . es . janusz how could we know Russia would stab we in the back ? khabarov and you be on the Soviet side of and they like you . arrest you , and accuse you of spying ... and they torture you ? you sign a ... someone el teacher ? ' confession 's ? janusz I would not sign , so they torture se . khabarov usual tactic — they torture a close friend who name you as a spy — a neighbor ? a friend ? you old school 14 ( conttnurd ) k k rk kk ek rk ke k k ek km ek ek ek ee kkk kkk 14 15 revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 13 . continued : ( 4 ) 14 khabarov look into janusz 's eye ~— a pain beyond speak . khabarov tactfully change the subject . khabarov ( cont ’d ) I be a actor — move picture . in my last picture I play a aristocrat . they arrest I after the film 's release . janusz why ? khabarov it be claim I be elevate the status of the old nobility . janusz you get ten year for a performance in a film ? khabarov I have have better notice . and they enter they hut . int . barracks -— night 15 the man sit or lie on they bunk , a little conversation here and there but most have withdraw into themselves , just glad to have survive another day . janusz look about he , khabarov still by he side . janusz 's attention be catch by the tattooe group play card by the stove . valka be play bohdan again , he lose streak continue . khabarov speak just above a whisper . khabarov the ' urki’ . janusz who be they ? khabarov professional criminal , you ordinary run of the mill murderer and thief , do not stare at they . we the guard let they run thing in here . they be to be fear . janusz why would they let they ' run thing 's ? ( conttnured \) 15 continued : revise 3/5/09 ( Green ) 14 . i5 khabarov they be consider the by-product of bourgeoisie society and therefore ' Friends of the people 's . we political prisoner be ' enemy of the people 's . Russia have become one vast prison - slave labor . you see even this camp be I expand to take in another tee thousand prisoner . rrr rk janusz look over to a group of asiatic prisoner . khabarov ( cont ’d ) from the far reach of the Soviet Empire - all scoop up in the net like so many minnow , poor creature . janusz and do any ever wriggle out of the net ? khabarov consider a moment , then lead he away from the surround prisoner . he lower he voice to a whisper . khabarov you should be more careful . stalin have eye and ear everywhere , even in here . he lean closer to janusz . khabarov ( cont ’d ) in a camp like this you will be dead ina year . if not literally then in spirit . janusz and how long have you be here ? ( conttnued 15 16-17 al8 ab18 ac18 revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 15 . continued : ( 2 ) 15 khabarov eleven month and twenty - nine day . khabarov offer he hand . khabarov ( cont ’d ) good night , friend . omitted 16-17 ext . the zone , camp 105 - dawn al8 in bone-chill cold the prisoner form up in they brigade as a guard begin count they . janusz look toward a barrack building where the body of several man who die overnight be be carry out and laid on the ground - among they the ' garbage - eater 's from the night before . janusz glance over toward smith who stare impassively ahead . guard no . 1 be visible , check paper work at the camp gate . ext . edge of forest , above mine —- day ab18 follow a bird as it hop from branch to branch , pause every now and then to listen to the sound of axe and saw drift from the forest floor . janusz and he friend - voss , tomasz , kazik and zoran - work at trimming fell tree of branch , and then saw they into length . smith and he gang work nearby . he watch janusz peel strip of bark from a pine - tree and stuff they in he pocket . khabarov , too , work here with a third gang , cut and trimming the tree . mine site - day ac18 on the valley floor , below tower cliff , some 150 man haul rock in wooden wheelbarrows from the mine entrance across a maze of track to wait truck . a fire blaze in a 44 gallon drum set up in a open-side wooden shelter . here bohdan and he criminal associate supervise the work . valka have fall on a slippery slope within the urka hierarchy follow he loss and grow debt . ( conttnurd ) kk rk ac18 ad18 18 16 . continued : ac18 bohdan amuse himself by throw stone at valka , warning he away from the fire like a stray dog . Guards place at vantage point , stamp they foot to keep warm , occasionally shouting at the exhaust prisoner to work harder or move faster . death be casual here . a man fall . if find to be dead he be leave where he fall , body to be collect and count at the end of the day . ext . mine entrance - day ad18 janusz and he group dump a load of trim log in a bay by the mine entrance . he hesitates as the other move away , stare into the black hole lead into the mountain . eerie sound drift up from deep below . a look of utter dread on he face . ext . edge of forest , above mine - dusk 18 the prisoner work hard to fill they quotas - voss swing he axe like a demon , but even with he contribution the cut pile of log be a long way from the mark show at the top of the storage bay . bohdan , the overseer , move amongst the various work gang , measure they complete pile of log . janusz 's group be still only half way to a full quota . khabarov leave he gang and approach janusz . khabarov ( in English ) quickly now , half - quota mean half - ration . quota be Law here . janusz no-one could meet that quota even if they be feed and rest . khabarov call for they to follow he . he lead they at a jog deeper into the tree - point out various shape bury in fall leave and drift of snow . he clear away the leave and snow to reveal a pile of old grey cut timber . khabarov cut last year and never collect ! quickly hide they inside you fresh cut timber ! bohdan move closer . it become a race to transport all the old log to they pile and to conceal they inside the fresh cut log . ( continued ) % % oe hoke eo * % 18 19-22 a23 23 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 17 . continued : 18 they just make it , but bohdan notice the end of a old grey log poke out from the center of the stack . he stop he measure of they quota . a tense moment , then he nod and leave . khabarov cross from he gang to join they . janusz he know . khabarov shrug . khabarov he know , but he do not care , as long as he arse be protect . this be 's tufta 's . bull -shit . janusz nod he thanks . omitted 19 - 22 ext . a dirt road through a forest - dusk a23 the long march back to camp . janusz peer leave and right toward the beckone forest . beside he zoran sense he friend might just take off then and there . he place a restrain hand on he arm , as a guard 's voice drift through the still air : guard no . 1 a step to the leave , a step to the right , and I shoot ! int . barracks - night 23 voss and kazik be by the stove unwind they long foot - cloth that most wear in place of sock . kazik hang the damp cloth on the stove to dry and set out to examine he toe , which be in poor shape , suffer the early stage of frostbite . tomasz sit nearby sketching the scene on a sheet of birch - bark , use a piece of charcoal . wider to see valka , look on in admiration . tomasz be uneasy despite the imply compliment . alka hand he a sheet of paper , and the stub of a pencil . valka ( in English ) you do for I . ( conttnurd ) kk I wk ke 23 continued : revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 17a . 23 tomasz you want I to make a sketch of you ? ( conttntied '' ** 23 24 25 revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 18 . continued : ( 2 ) 23 valka no. not I . tomasz puzzle . a bunk near the stove - same time 24 bohdan lie on he bunk , surround by several of he tattooe henchmen listen to a story . the storyteller , look rather uncomfortable , be zoran . his Russian be good but for a moment he memory fail he as he desperately try to recall the next beat in the story . bohdan keep go and you 'il get some bread — so how do this ' Long John Silver 's find the treasure ? yuri I know a type like that . remember igor ? he have one leg . bohdan shut up . ( then to zoran ) go on . the story resume , zoran give it all he 's get , when valka appear a sketch in he hand . he pass it to bohdan . close on the sketch — a lusty naked woman . valka make a gesture imply masturbation . bohdan examine the draw before lick the back of it , lift he shirt , stick it to he chest , then lowering he shirt again . he wave valka away . janusz ’'s bunk — same time 25 close on a shirt . wake the shirt lie on janusz 's bunk and it 's move . a tiny *** subtle movement , but just perceptible , the movement cause by hundred of lice . wider , to see this be janusz 's view , khabarov there too , watch over he shoulder . khabarov for the lice I have a old folk remedy . ( cont tnure ) 25 26 revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 19 . continued : 25 he pick up the shirt and walk toward the door of the rk barrack , indicate janusz should follow . as he pass wae he bunk he scoops up he own shirt . wee ext . camp perimeter - night 26 khabarov lead he toward the wire . from somewhere deep in the bowel of the earth , a low sinister rumbling , the very ground itself shaking momentarily . janusz stop , while khabarov keep walk . khabarov the mine . they blast at night . he pause to let janusz catch up , then look furtively about he , he crouch by a drift of snow . khabarov ( cont ’d ) shirt. rk janusz hand he he shirt . he scrape a hole in the wee snow , bury the shirt , leave only the tip show . he *** do the same with he own shirt . wee janusz we be go to leave they here overnight ? why ? khabarov you will see . janusz stare up at the wire , then to a distant ee watchtower , its searchlight briefly illuminate he . khabarov follow he eye-line . khabarov ( cont 'd ) it can be do . janusz hold he breath . ( conttnurd ) 26 revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 20 . continued : khabarov ( cont ’d ) there be a way through the wire . janusz stare at he . khabarov ( cont ’d ) lazar , you have see he , my associate , overseer of construction . 26 he nod toward a area where stockade wall be be replace with double wire . khabarov ( cont ’d ) few ever escape the camp . I have wait for someone like you , someone with the strength and will to see it through . janusz ( excite ) can not go West - apart from the Soviets , there 's the Germans . East ? all Soviet right to the Pacific ... it would have to be South ? khabarov nod , beam at he like a teacher with a very bright pupil . janusz ( cont 'd ) they march as due North from the railway , I glimpse a lake , but I have no idea where we be . khabarov squat down , janusz join he , and smoothing out a drift of snow khabarov sketches a map of a lake and indicate the location of the camp . khabarov we believe about 500 kilometer north of Lake baikal . janusz we could follow the edge of the Lake , it run due South . khabarov ( nodding ) then on to the tran -siberian railway . Cross that and you be close to the mongolian border . and freedom . ( conttnurd y ak re ae ak kk kkk kk he rr ee ae ak rk kk kkk kk tok seek 26 a27 27 continued : revise 3/4/09 ( yellow ) 21 . ( 2 ) 26 janusz 's eye burn with excitement . khabarov take he arm , as if draw energy from the young man . khabarov ( cont ’d ) spring be already upon we . it would have to be next autumn . janusz why wait ? khabarov it 's 1000 kilometer to the border , maybe more . we need careful plan , stock - pile food . I have already begin — trading , deal . you could do the same . in the Autumn the weather be predictable . we need the early snow to cover we track . janusz nod . janusz what about my friend ? khabarov if you trust they . but they will not all survive . janusz but they have die free man . khabarov offer he hand , and they shake . int . barrack ~ night b27 rrr khabarov and janusz enter , have bury the shirt in the **«** snow . khabarov indicate lazar , sit on a bunk , and **** whisper . ek khabarov ar that 's lazar . he be architect . ke in Kiev . now he be grave robber — rk I too . ( whisper ) we sneak out a k at night . through the wire . a k rrr he move away . ext . camp — dawn 27 to the echoing clang of the hammer and iron , janusz and khabarov hurry to where they bury they clothing . ( continued '' 27 revise 3/4/09 ( yellow ) 21a . continued : 27 close on the tip of the cloth show above the snow — a teeming mound of lice on each . wider , as they shake they clothing free of the lice , and hurry over to join the assembly of prisoner at the kitchen servery window for they meagre breakfast ration . at the same time the morning ritual of carry out the body of that who have die overnight be underway . the corpse be stack like cord of wood for burial . janusz pause , a muttere prayer on he lip . then he 's pass the hospital barrack — the usual crowd of desperately ill prisoner hope to be admit , to be excuse another day of the kill work , the majority turn away . he join the line at the kitchen . the day 's bread ration be be weigh and issue . if not exactly 500 gram a little be add or subtract , the cook keep trim slice , place they in a tin . 28 29 a30 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 22 . ext . the zone / camp exterior -— dawn 28 have be count once , inside the camp , the brigade of prisoner be march outside the gate where the armed guard who will escort they to work be wait . guard no . 1 begin count they again . it 's much colder than usual , prisoner beat they arm to keep warm , a high wind blow . khabarov stand with janusz . ke kk khabarov temperature be drop . below 60 they be not suppose to send we out . know how to tell the temperature ? you see frosty fog — it 's 40 below . if you exhale easily but in a rasp fashion ? 50 below . when you spit freeze ? more than 60 below . he hoik and spit . Close on the ball of spit mid-air . freeze-frame . it 's a solid glitter crystal of ice . omitted 29 ext . road through forest - day a30 the freezing wind have pick up considerably , drive a sleet against the column of prisoner , force they to a xe halt in a open snow - cover area . the column halt , the ** guard anxiously confer - ' to go back or continue on 's ? the prisoner shiver in the bite cold , some collapse , they fellow prisoner unwilling or unable to help they . janusz and he friend find themselves near smith and watch as he hail a guard . smith ( shout in Russian ) we need to make shelter . guard no . 1 who ask you ? smith we will freeze tc death in less than a hour . guard no . 1 I could not give a fuck if you drop dead right now . ( conttnued '' a30 ab30 continued : revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 23 . a30 smith yes , but lose 200 man and you will have some form to fill out . could go badly for you . the guard dimly consider this . the prisoner begin to stir , some shouting out that they should turn back . the guard alarmed , order the prisoner to the ground - other guard level they rifle as the mass of man lay down on the freezing ground . all but smith . smith ( cont ’d ) we could move into the forest , find shelter ! guard no . 1 lie down ! the guard be about to leave when to he astonishment , and that of the other prisoner , smith begin to walk toward the forest edging the road . the guard draw he pistol . on the ground zoran lie beside janusz , as they watch the unfold drama . guard no . 1 shout for smith to return , other raise they rifle , wait for he order to fire . he be conflict , and after a tense moment gesture for they to lower they weapon . guard no . 1 ( cont ’d ) let the prisoner take shelter in the tree ! shoot anyone who make a run for it ! janusz stare after smith , courage . forest , later — day admire of he reckless ab30 the man work frantically collect fall timber . smith watch as voss pick up a massive log , place it on he shoulder and carry it to where janusz be supervise the building of they shelter . most of the other prisoner have just pile snow up around bundle of stick to make windbreak , something more elaborate . but janusz be building smith 's eye miss nothing as he note janusz 's skill and the way the other work as a team under he direction . ( conttnurd '' re kk oke ake ak ar ab30 ac30 revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 24 . continued : ab30 some distance away valka huddle alone against the trunk of a tree . he too , be watch janusz organize shelter for the group . later still . ac30 janusz call khabarov to join they , but he decline ae politely . he move on to find smith - invite he back he to they improvise shelter . as smith sit , zoran offer *** he hand . zoran you be brave man - dragan Zoran , kk yugoslav ... this be janusz wieszczek ... the youngster be kazik , both Polish . ( they nod to smith ) voss andrej voss , latvian . zoran ( it 's a League of Nations . ) rk English we common language ! smith nod . janusz and you be ...? smith Smith . janusz you first name ? smith mister . janusz mister Smith ? smith that 's right . as the blizzard grow in intensity , janusz reach into he pocket for strip of pine - bark collect earlier . he hand they out to he companion . they watch as he chew on the bark . the other follow he example . watch from a short distance away be guard no . 1 . he take note of the group as future troublemaker . ad30 30 31 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 25 . int . barracks — dawn ad30 the man be stir , struggle up to face another day , when the door open , and in a flurry of snow , guard no . 1 enter with another soldier . he order smith , janusz and he group to fall out . as he pass smith — guard no . 1 ( in Russian ) you do not like be out in the cold , do you cowboy ? and as he move away smith mutter to janusz . smith might as well have shot we yesterday . janusz and the other look at he . smith ( cont 'd ) we be for the mine . int . mine - day 30 a labyrinth of twist tunnel lead down into the freeze earth . dim light silhouette ghostly figure work with pick and shovel . occasionally the muffle sound of a distant explosion as a gallery be blast yet deeper . mingling with this eerie sound something more sinister — the hack cough of that who have do the most time in this freeze hell . the man work beside janusz wield a pick , janusz shovel out the rock as it break up . the man pause to light a smoke . his finger have mould themselves into the shape of he pick -handle — they be like hook , the man unable to straighten he finger . he hold the cigarette with the tip of he finger , as if he hand be a artificial limb . janusz look around desperately , fight off a overwhelming feel of claustrophobia . despite the cold , sweat bead on he forehead . int . deeper in the mine - day 31 kazik and a man know as ' the prof 's , drag a cart laden with rock up a steep incline . they wear horse collar attach to the cart by leather harness . ( conttnurfd ) 31 32 26 . continued : 31 the prof 's waste frame and sallow complexion be in contrast to he lively intelligent eye . he say something to kazik in Russian . he shake he head . he do not speak Russian . the prof try german , then English . kazik English , yes . they share a smile . prof I be only say , this collar - the same use by ancient egyptian people . kazik yes , but on they horse probably . prof no. same . on people . kazik how do you know that ? prof I be professor of egyptology . leningrad University . kazik manage a look at he companion , before put even more effort into drag the load . int . another part of the mine - day 32 a man , envelop in cloud of white steam , point a long pipe at the freeze rock and gravel - the heat make it easier for the pick and shovel man to dig . this be the ' point - man 's , and he open and shut valve on the pipe - stem which regulate the hot steam that travel along pipe lead back to a primitive boiler . Men try to warm themselves by work near the point - man , and when the guard be not around they clutch the pipe in they hand gain a few moment of precious warmth . smith know how to work the system and have find a spot here work beside the point - man . he look across to see janusz staggering up the slope toward the distant mine entrance , where a guard can be see silhouett against the light . he watch a moment , something not right about janusz . he lay he shovel aside and hurry after he . 33 34 27 . int . / ext . tunnel - day 33 * janusz scramble toward the surface . he stumble , fall to he knee . he look down , see something on the ground . * * janusin vision - day something bury in the dirt and rubble - pave stone . he clear away the debris to reveal a stone path . look up he see the path lead to a gate frame by a hedge . his p.o.v. as he move up the path to the gate . his unseen hand open the gate . now the view be of the path as he walk forward - a series of wear flagstone , then the camera tilt up to see a close front door . a pan to the leave of the door - to see a loose brick in the wall . eh hf int . / ext . tunnel — day 34 close on janusz , as smith be suddenly beside he , grab he arm and swinging he into the darkness of a adjoin tunnel . smith be you crazy ? they 'il shoot you . janusz get to get out ! smith stare at he . he 's delirious and begin to shake with cold . smith grab he shoulder and drag he back to where the poini - man work , thrust janusz 's hand around the pipe . the point -man wave they away but smith bribe he with a slice of bread . smith turn back to janusz - the warmth of the pipe beginning to have its effect . janusz ( cont ’d ) it can be do . smith what can be do ? * janusz he know a way through the wire . smith slap a hand over he mouth , glance at the Point - man , before drag janusz further away . ( continued ) 34 continued : 28 . 34 janusz ( cont 'd ) ( a whisper ) he have a plan . smith who ? janusz his name be khabarov . now smith understand . smith the actor . janusz you know he ? smith he have no intention of escape . janusz what ? smith he 's a liar . be here for year - seek out new arrival , I when I first come here . he just like to talk about escape . I have know other like he . janusz why should I believe you ? smith ( shake he head ) nothing be for nothing in the camp . from you he get you energy , you spirit . you feed he ' dream 's of escape . you help keep he alive . he 's no more than a leech . janusz you nre a cold bastard , mister . smith ( shrug ) I be still alive , that 's all I know . but I will not be in six month . and neither will you . not in the mine . so , if you be serious about make a run for it — I be in . ( continued ) 34 35 36 37 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 34 janusz I think you be a loner ? smith can not be do alone . besides you have a weakness that could be useful to I . janusz and what 's that ? smith compassion . if anything happen to I , I be count on you carry I . janusz know he 's not joke . ext . camp kitchen , same time - night 35 it be snow heavily , and after swallow they soup , janusz and he friend walk back to the barrack . kazik stumble , and be help to he foot by voss . he limp on to the barrack a hand rest for support on voss 's shoulder . janusz be preoccupy and he hesitates at the door , turn , and look back . after a moment stare at the ground he hurry inside . int . barracks - night 36 janusz have a puzzle khabarov by the arm , guide he back to the door . ext . barracks - night 37 he point to the ground - close on footprint as they rapidly disappear under the heavy snowfall . janusz tonight . khabarov look from the footprint to janusz , a horrify look on he face . khabarov it 's a pass storm ! janusz it will do , it will cover we track . ( continued ) * oh + hoh 37 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 30 . continued : 37 khabarov impossible ! we need preparation , detailed plan , map ... janusz ( overlap ) the timing will never be perfect , ae they will not expect it now ! khabarov but the distance ! and food ! what about food ? janusz we have be trading , the american be with we . he have food , you have food . khabarov how long will that last ? janusz I have spend half my life in the wood and mountain . we will live off the land . khabarov it can not be do ! janusz shocked at the change in he friend 's demeanor , the appall realization that smith be right about he . he seize he arm . janusz how do we get through the wire ? khabarov I do not know what you be talk about . janusz you friend , lazar , he know do not he ? a look of fear cross khabarov 's face . someone behind janusz . janusz turn . valka , a few pace away watch they . khabarov scuttle back inside the barrack . janusz hesitates a moment , then follow . a38 ab38 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 31 . int . barracks — night a38 in the last minute before light out the would - be escapee make discreet preparation . clothing and other item be trade for food and tobacco . the cook and bohdan be at the center of the camp black - market and most of the trading be do with they . tomasz trade more pornographic sketches with bohdan while kazik try to trade he scarf for a pair of boot - he own be in poor shape . voss sit beside he , and notice that kazik do not look directly at he shoe or the scarf , but be do everything by feel . as they move away voss whisper to he . voss you can not see , can you ? a look of panic cross the boy 's face . kazik ( whisper ) do not leave I behind ! voss conflict . kazik ( cont 'd ) promise I , andrej ! I could keep a hand on you shoulder by night , and in the day I can see just fine . I will not hold you up . please do not tell they . I x11 die here . janusz and smith sit in a darken corner work on lazar . they want to know how to get through the wire . he be reluctant until smith produce a wristwatch from he boot . the strapless watch , of good make , settles the deal , just as the light flicker and go out plunging the barrack into darkness . ext . the camp —- night ab38 several shot of the wind drive snow whipping about the building . kk kk ek wk ee ax 38 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 32 . int . barracks - later that night 38 the wooden building creak and heave like a ship at sea as the storm build into a fully fledge blizzard . the sound of the sleep man , the usual cry and groan , hack cough , all mix into the howl of the storm . close on the conspirator lie awake — smith , voss , kazik , tomasz and zoran . smith look across to janusz , catch he eye . a signal from janusz , ' not yet '. khabarov too , be awake . he jump at any unexpected sound , check he horde of food in the hide place at the base of he bunk , as if expect at any moment to be attack and rob . he see a shadow . someone move about near he , a look of terror on he face . later , janusz lie on he back listen to the storm . a movement beside he , then a knife press against he throat . it 's valka . he grin , steel - cap tooth , he cross dangle from he neck . janusz go still . valka there be no secret here . janusz what do you want ? valka the game go against I . small debt - lose finger . Big debt , ** they take head . I , big debt . but one thing I never gamble be my Wolf . he remove the knife from janusz 's throat , tilt the blade to show a wolf 's head incise into the blade . valka ( cont ’d ) ** in forest you need knife to survive . without ? a miracle . he lean in close to janusz 's ear . valka ( cont 'd ) you need a knife , and I need miracle to get I out of here . with a conjurer 's ease he spin the knife in he finger and arch he eyebrow — ' deal ’? 39 40 al 42 33. ext . camp perimeter — dawn 39 heavy snow still fall as shadowy figure run toward the wire . shout command and the beam of a searchlight isolate they - not the fugitive , but a group of guard . they have find a gap in the wire . a great yelping and bay as the dog-handler join they , release the dog into the gap , then follow they toward the distant forest . ext . forest , siberia -— dawn 40 then seven fugitive , now include valka , weave in and out of the tree at a fast jog . snow whirl about they , as , gasp for breath , they attempt to keep up with janusz . in the rear kazik hold onto voss 's rope belt , occasionally stumbling , but voss have he up and on he foot fast enough to keep up with the other . janusz pause briefly every now and then to study the moss grow on the North side of tree-trunks , before plunging on southward . further along ... 41 they top a rise to a clear and pause to catch they breath . the snow continue to fall but janusz will allow no rest and move off without a backward glance . further still ... 42 janusz be out in front when smith stop , rest he hand on he knee , gulp for air . the other stop too , valka drop to he knee . janusz run back to valka , drag he to he foot . janusz get up . or we die right now . you know how fast dog travel . he turn to the other . janusz ( cont ’d ) run , damn you ! run ! he move to smith . janusz ( cont ’d ) be it time for I to carry you ? ( continued ) he HH + of 42 43 revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 34 . continued : 42 smith wave he away , get up and continue . ext . another part of the forest — day 43 a feeble light penetrate the forest as day begin . the snow still fall heavily as the man stumble into a deep depression , and face a steep climb find they can go no further . kazik turn he face to the light . his sight be return with the day and he nod gratefully to voss . in the deep stillness the sound of distant voice . they look about they . hard to tell the direction of the sound . janusz be on he foot - there 's plenty of fall timber but no obvious place to hide . he draw a circle in the snow , mime digging to the other , then turn to valka , whisper . janusz knife . valka have never take a order from a ' political 's in he short life . valka what ? janusz you knife . with a glance to the other he reluctantly draw he knife from he boot and pass it to janusz . while the group furiously dig , janusz collect and trim fall timber . as the hole deepen , janusz begin to make a trellis roof . the voice change direction . they go still . be they surround ? they resume they digging with great intensity , the hole now more than a meter at its deep , janusz place the branch to cover they hide . ke 44-46 a47 ab47 ac47 47 revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 35 . omitted 44-46 ext forest -— day bat several angle on the forest . utter stillness . Light snow fall . ext . the hide , forest -— day ab47 camera move slowly toward they hide , wisp of vapor rise from below the surface . the Russian voice be closer now . int . the hide - day ac47 it 's like a indian sweat - lodge as the fugitive sit shoulder to shoulder in a tight circle , ear strain , sweat run down they face . the voice closer still . a tense moment , and then they be pass , the voice fade into silence . ext . countryside , siberia - night 47 the strong wind drive snow and sleet horizontally , and as they push forward they cover they face to keep the snow from throat and lung . valka , he arm wrap defensively across he eye , stagger and fall to he knee . janusz turn back , drag he to he foot . kazik hang onto the back of voss 's coat , voss at time literally drag he along . ae ak 48 49 50 a51 revise 3/11/09 ( goldenrod ) 36 . ext . a tree , forest - night 48 with valka 's knife janusz cut a square of bark , pull it from the tree , cut two triangular hole some centimeter apart , then ram the base of the bark piece into valka 's collar . it 's a crude mask . ext . the procession , forest - night 49 the group , all now wear the improvise snow - mask , push forward against the wind , look like a tribe from some distant age dress in ceremonial mask . ext . another part of the forest - night . 50 janusz in the lead , some fifty pace ahead , but he 's stop , thigh - deep in the snow , as still as a statue . the other catch up , puzzle . smith call to he , lift he mask . he 's asleep . smith shake he back to consciousness , all the while the storm continue at full force . smith we have get to make fire ! janusz no ! you see how close they be ! kazik sink to the snow , then zoran . smith we die either way , might as well die warm . ext . forest , later - night a51 a hole scrape out of the snow and a wind - break of fall timber , be all they can manage in they exhaust state . down in the hole janusz be strike a spark from a flint . some be fade fast , kazik keep fall asleep , to be shake awake by tomasz . mr. smith be split wood into ever finer shaving , ready to feed a nascent fire . still the damp kindling will not catch . they draw closer together for warmth , drape they arm over each other 's shoulder . zoran 's head drop to he chest . tomasz shake he . tomasz sleep and you die . tell we a story . ( conttnurd asi ab51 ac51 revise 3/11/09 ( goldenrod ) 37 . continued : a51 the other look to zoran , and fight the desire to sleep , he begin . valka love a good story , and despite they desperate situation he listen with the attention and concentration of a small child . zoran once upon a time , in the day of wooden ship , there be a great storm in far away seas . a merchant ship hurried toward big rock , lighten in the sky , the wave as high as house - top . very , very cold , brrr ! the ship smashed onto the rock , the sailor cry in fear , call out to God , but they all drown . all but one , Mr. Robinson crusoe . he wake to find himself all alone on a desert island . for many year he live without any human companion , until one day he see something shocking ! what be it ? a human footprint . he be no longer alone . but be the stranger friend or foe ? another ship wreck sailor ? or , a cannibal ? all turn as a flicker of flame begin at the base of the kindling . while janusz blow at the flame , mr . smith feed in small shaving . the group watch with the awe and wonder usually reserve for child - birth . then everyone be make a contribution - add a few leave , or tiny twig , like offering , as the fire grow and spread . ext . forest , campfire — dawn ab51 a comfortable blaze , the group , minus janusz , sleep or drowse in the life-give warmth , when a pile of snow land on the fire . the other react . it 's janusz . he heaps on more snow and the fire sputter out . by the time the other be on they foot janusz be almost out of sight and they hurry to catch up , fearful of be leave behind . ext./ int . shelter , forest - day ac51 ruin , deep in the forest . from the overgrown rubble they build a shelter , discover as they do , evidence that this be once a small , remote , Soviet gulag . ( conttnued } 4 fh HH HH ah hhh HH a ahhh HH fh hk + ac51 revise 3/11/09 ( goldenrod ) 37a . continued : ac51 later , the fugitive sit shoulder to shoulder in a tight circle . they shiver in they padded jacket , rub freeze limb . valka look up to find smith stare at he . valka you stare at I like the snake at the rabbit or be it the other way ' round ? valka turn to the other with a silver - toothe smile , indicate smith . valka ( cont ’d ) he teach I English . speak good , huh ? bread for word , be not it cowboy ? smith hold he gaze a moment before be distract by a thumping sound outside . the group go very still . a second thump , overhead this time . valka draw he knife . a trickle of snow fall through the vent in the roof . janusz snow , fall from tree . they relax a little . kazik when can we travel by day ? janusz when I say . ( cont tnued } revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 38 . continued : ( 2 ) ac51 kazik glance at voss . tomasz how far have we come ? janusz twenty , thirty kilometer . ae zoran be that all ? valka less , if we have be go in circle , like the chicken without its head . tomasz ( to janusz ) ae how can you tell we be head ** South ? zoran he read the tree , do not you ? janusz something like that . he spread out a piece of cloth on the snow at he foot . janusz ( cont 'd ) alright , let 's see what you have get . no one move . janusz reach into he own pocket , empty the content onto the cloth — several slice of bread , half a kilo of buckwheat , some dry meat , a swatch of tobacco . smith go next with a larger store of bread and a little salt . voss have a collection of small fish-head which he add to the store . tomasz , ** kazik and zoran make they contribution . they stare ** grimly at they limited food supply . various other item ** be add - a razor blade , a length of cord , a piece of ae barb - wire , etc . smith pick up the barb wire , ** examine it . janusz ( cont ’d ) valka ? valka reluctantly reach into he coat — something familiar about it with its distinctive fur-line collar . janusz ( cont ’d ) that 's khabarov 's coat . ( conttnurd ) ac51 ad51 ae51 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 39 . continued : ( 3 ) ac51 he smile at janusz as he produce a bulg sack from inside he coat . valka ( cont 'd. ) yes ...and ... from the sack he produce khabarov 's hoard supply of food and other item . off janusz 's reaction - valka ( cont ’d ) he be go to inform . do not worry . I talk to he . everything o.k. he put the goods back in the sack and go to place it inside he coat . janusz we share . janusz reach out for the sack of food . valka glance at the other , then pass it to he . tomasz have already begin to organize seven slice of bread lay one of voss 's fish head on each one . he hand they out . they eat in silence , savore every bite . zoran remove the fish-head , pass it back to tomasz . then he place a thin layer of snow on the bread like a canape . he eat daintily , he little finger extend like a dowager at a tea party , raise a smile from he exhaust companion . ext . forest - night . ad51 the wind be rise , whipping flurry of snow through the tree . smith and janusz be in the lead . smith refer back to valka . smith you have make a bargain with the Devil . janusz ( terse ) have you get a knife ? they move on in silence , janusz not like he bargain any more than smith . later , that night be51 smith find himself walk beside valka . ( conttnurd '' *k kk aesl 51 52 revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 40 . continued : ae51 valka for direction he look at grass and moss , what 's that ? I swear to God he better know what he 's do . smith you should be grateful you be here at all . valka gratitude be for dog . he move away from smith , he eye fix on janusz , who be again study moss on the side of a tree . ext . forest - dawn 51 the group in the shelter of the tree . the sky be overcast but at least it 's not too cold . everywhere about be deep snow from the recent storm . tomasz kkk prepare a meal from they dry ration , small portion for man who have expend so much energy . kazik examine he swollen blister foot . valka have he boot off , shaking they . valka ( to kazik ) clean inside boot , foot-cloth . kazik copy he . valka ( cont 'd ) man on run — one tiny piece of sand can make cripple , I swear to God . the other be listen , and some do likewise . ext . forest - night 52 with length of wood as ' ski-pole 's , the group begin to laid make up lose time . voss have lash he rope-belt to kazik who walk behind he . smith wonder about this , but say nothing . they pause at the top of a rise amongst the tree , on hearing the sound of dog howling from behind . janusz wolf ... it 's only wolf . ( conttnurd ) 52 a53 53 54-61 a62 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 41 . continued : 52 relieved , they continue forward . zoran ' only wolf 's , great . the SUN a53 from behind cloud , the sun appear , shafting light toward the earth . ext . ridge , mountain top , siberia — day 53 the upturn face of the fugitive . Sun worshiper all . janusz a short distance away . he plant he ' ski-pole 's in the snow , mark the tip of its shadow with a pine - cone . they watch as he draw a line in the snow from the second marker — about a foot in length . then he stand , and with the toe of he leave foot at the first pine - cone and the toe of he right foot at the end of the line in the snow , he point , call to they . janusz South ! to Lake baikal ! cheer from the watch group . janusz ( cont 'd ) now we travel by day . they move off down toward a distant valley , zoran the last to leave , doubt on he face as he study the series of seemingly endless forest hill stretch before they . omitted 54-61 later still — day a62 the group push on with renew energy . valka hurry to keep up with janusz . valka you be the ' pakhan 's . janusz what 's ' pakhan 's ? ( cont tnued y kk kk ak ee ae ** a k ee *k *k ae *k ak a62 62 revise 3/17/09 ( cherry ) 42 . continued : a62 valka boss of criminal . janusz we be not criminal , we be escape from criminal . valka I swear to God you win my respect with you stick and pine-cone . I will stand between you and death . janusz you want to be my bodyguard ? valka it 's the urka way . you have I -+.- and you have the Wolf . he touch the knife in its bark sheath at he belt . janusz increase the pace , valka push himself to keep up with he 's pakhan 's . ext . later , fireside — dusk 62 the fugitive settle for the come night . as tomasz unpack they meagre food supply janusz sketches a map on a piece of birch - bark . the other sit exhaust , some close to sleep , except smith who be work the piece of barb wire from khabarov 's stash . janusz ( v.o. ) I have we here somewhere . above Lake baikal they former camp be mark . South of the lake , the tran -siberian railway , a little further South the russo / mongolian border . with a twig he point to a spot seemingly not far from the prison camp . wider to see the disappointed face of the group — the distance yet to cover overwhelming . janusz ( cont ’d ) ( to valka ) be you go all the way ? valka to Mongolia ? no. I go further . to America . the first smith have hear of this . tomasz turn from examine they store of food . ( conttnurd '' or be 62 revise 3/17/09 ( cherry ) 43 . continued : 62 tomasz we have food for another week . valka we need meat . voss I can make trap . janusz we will be move too fast to wait for trap . valka we find farm , village , get food there . janusz there 's a bounty on we head . valka we steal it . at night . they never know . voss we be not thief . valka ( laugh ) then I 'il steal it , and I 'il eat . you can watch . smith be work the length of barb - wire someone add earlier to they communal store . his finger be bleed as he struggle to separate the strand of wire . zoran ( to smith ) what 's that ? smith barb -wire . zoran puzzle , but tomasz get it . tomasz he 's make a fish-hook . janusz smile at smith 's ingenuity . janusz it 's how we will survive be not it , mister ? zoran Fish ? I do not eat fish . ( cont tntird '' 62 63 64 65 revise 3/17/09 ( cherry ) 44 . continued : ( 2 ) 62 smith then you will die . kazik have a far-away look in he sight - less eye . he speak in Polish to janusz . voss what do he say ? tomasz he ask janusz if he believe in God 's forgiveness . this have come from seemingly nowhere . smith save you philosophy . concentrate on keep up with we instead . he get up and go in search of more wood , the other surprised at he cold tone . the rest of the group also begin to prepare they camp . most gather wood while tomasz , the ' quartermaster 's , make they meal , and janusz the fire . voss keep a eye on kazik who , demonstrate he independence while it 's still light , and he desire to contribute , return with a load of wood , turn back into the forest for more . other gather wood , and as the light fade , begin to take up position by the grow fire , roll cigarettes , etc . voss look anxiously for kazik . he have not return . omitted 63 omitted 64 ext . forest — dusk a65 kazik lose . he move along a right to leave trajectory , i.e. North , head away for the campsite , he sight beginning to fade with the light . ext . campsite -— night 65 the group range out from the fire call kazik 's name . voss turn to janusz . voss , he have night - blindness . tee dh eh 66 revise 3/17/09 ( cherry ) 44a . ext . forest — night 66 kazik stumbling through the whiteout . he stop . do he hear he name ? he move on , pleased to find by he side the Professor from the mine . ( conttnured y 66 67 68 45 . continued : 66 kazik I think I be alone ! prof . I have be walk with you for some time . kazik I ’1ll just sit for a minute . the prof . sit beside he . prof . not far to go . he point , and kazik see - the pyramid of giza , deep inside the fog . kazik we make it . we really make it . be not that something . ext . campsite —- dawn 67 they find kazik not a hundred yard from where they campe . the weather have break , the fog go . he sit look toward they , he bare foot stretch out before he , he eye wide open . on he lip a freeze smile . ext . a cairn of stone - day 68 they stand by he grave . janusz a free man die here today . amen be muttere . the group remain by the grave reluctant to leave . all but valka who look about restlessly . valka Young always die first . the other look at he . valka ( cont ’d ) in the camp . he look at they somber face . ( continued ) 68 a69 69 70 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 46 . continued : 68 valka ( cont 'd ) still , one less mouth to feed ... what ? you be all think the same thing . he wander away toward the ember of they fire . a stream , forest — day a69 smith haul in fish , hand over hand . the other watch in fascination . tomasz where do you learn to fish like that ? smith live in the wood a while . valka in America . smith in America . zoran and how do you come to be in Russia ? smith I make a mistake . ext . siberian wilderness - timelapse ~ day / dusk / dawn 69 High , wide , panoramas , the tiny figure of the fugitive thread they way through the tree head steadily southward . ext . siberian wilderness ~— day 70 Close on nature nature — bird call from high branch , bee buzzing , a grub crawl along a leaf . and a large animal graze . or what appear at first to be a animal . it 's valka , on all four , pick up and eat bug . other be there graze too . the week have take they toll and they look thin and starve . we see in detail they search for anything edible : hand digging out root and berry of various kind which be test with a tentative nibble and sometimes spat out if too bitter ; ( conttnurd ) ** I kk ** ** *k ak we kk kk ** *e ak 70 71 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 46a . continued : 70 voss have make a small trap — a noose rig on a branch and just beyond it a nut . a squirrel watch . not all food be share in this extreme situation and some , with a furtive lock about they , eat what they find . ** ext . cave - same time — day 71 ** they be campe at the mouth of a cathedral like cave , and here tomasz amuse himself by sketching on the cave wall use charcoal from the fire . among portrait of the group be scene from life in Camp 105 . on the fire a stew of water and pine - needle bubbles away . zoran watch idly from where he lie near the cave entrance . zoran they ’1ll find we bone and you drawing a hundred year from now , and say — 'a fine example of early gulag man 's . ( conttnurd '' 71 72 73 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 47 . continued : 71 tomasz shut up with you joke ! go and find food like the other . zoran you do the shutting up ! drawing like you be on holiday . I be sick . tomasz I cook . they find food . what do you ever do ? nothing ! zoran I make they laugh . tomasz not any more . zoran turn away from he , curling up into a foetal position . ext . / int . cave — dusk 72 smith walk through the vast cave , he attention catch by two massive hole in the roof . he walk on toward they camp outside a open at the far end . ext . cave - dusk 73 tomasz have water boil on the fire . he call to the other — tomasz what do you have ? come on , no hold back . smith approach from the cave , hand over two small fish , he day 's catch . voss step forward with a dead squirrel . valka have nothing . tomasz reach for they cooking pot cool by the fire . he pass a cup to janusz . tomasz ( cont 'd ) pine -needle tea . ( conttnued '' *k rk ee ** * ak I he I ak *k he 73 74 48 . continued : 73 janusz sip , react to the bitterness of the brew , then pass it on . ext . / int . cave — night 74 sleep figure by the fire . tomasz toss and turn , mutter in he sleep . janusz be awake as be valka who sit close beside he . a whisper conversation - valka who will be first ? janusz look at he . janusz you mean the first to die ? valka nod , indicate tomasz . valka I think that sucker , the artist . but better if it be he . he nod toward zoran . janusz it might be you . valka shrug . janusz ( cont ’d ) why ' better 's if it 's Zoran ? valka squeeze the flesh of he upper arm . valka more soft . more tender . janusz shake he head , ' no 's . valka ( cont 'd ) mister only get little fish now . we must have meat , or we die . you be the pakhan , you have think of it . we all have . that 's why you bring extra people be not it ? for food ? a old urka escape trick . I swear to God you be a urka in another life . janusz we will get food when we get to Lake baikal , plenty of fish there . ( continued ) 74 a75 75 76 49 , continued : 74 valka you say we should have see Lake a week ago . we be lose , pakhan . janusz stare into the fire as valka lay down to sleep . later , night ats it be zoran 's turn on watch and he stand near the entrance to the cave , he blanket about he shoulder , look out into the still night . behind he a low growl sound , come from deep in the cave . he turn , a look of terror on he face . he can see nothing but a dim light deep in the cave where moonlight penetrate through two large hole in the cave roof . he wake janusz , alert he to the sound . janusz in turn wake valka , and after take burn stick from the fire they walk back inside the vast cave toward the source of the sound , valka draw he knife . int . cave - night 75 the dim light show .a wolf - pack growl as they pick at a carcass on the cave floor . ' they drop they bone and face the intruder , bare they fang , all now growl . on a signal from janusz they rush the wolf , who run back toward another exit from the cave . mr. smith , tomasz and voss come hurry to join they , wake by all the bark and shouting . valka fall on part of the carcass , cut off chunks of raw meat . the other do likewise . wider on the group , down on all four chew on the remain of the kill , only janusz stand back , watch they . ext . / int . cave ~ early morning 76 some sleep on , other stir , they movement slow and listless . they be near the end . this have be janusz 's point of view as he pack a few scrap of food into he pocket and pick up he staff . that awake stare at he . janusz I will be back in a week - if I find the lake . if not , you be on you own . valka I come too . ( continued ) +o rh he et * * he ff to of 76 17 78 79 80 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 50 . continued : 76 janusz ( shake he head ) I will travel faster alone . Mr. Smith will be the pakhan while I be go . janusz turn and with a nod of the head ' follow I 's , to smith , he move off . ext . some distance from camp — dawn 77 now out of earshot , janusz turn to smith . smith know what it 's about . smith I know . valka . janusz do not let he out of you sight . smith good luck . as janusz head off into the forest . ext . OPEN country , siberia - day 78 a magnificent vista — a broad plain sweeping toward a distant line of hill . it 's a beautiful clear day and the lone figure of janusz , dwarf by the landscape , walk steadily southward . ext . rocky hillside - dusk 79 ° ** shelter from the wind on the leeside of a hill , he take pine - cone from he pocket , break they open and eat the seed . then he 's up and off again , lean heavily on he staff . ext . a barren plain — day 80 the weather change from a clear spring morning to cold and overcast as gust of wind whip down from distant slope . janusz bend into the wind , he pace slow . he stumble , sink to the ground , fight the desire to let go , to give himself to sleep , and the swift death that will surely follow . his eye begin to close . then he see it . just ahead cf he . the gate . the gate from he vision in the mine . he struggle to he foot , stagger on — ( conttnued } 80 81 82 51 . continued : 80 janusy' vision : a repeat of he earlier hallucination - the click of the gate latch , the flagstone at he foot as he move down the path . ( all the while the accompany sound be of janusz 's labour breathe in the present ' reality 's ) . he 's at the front door , camera pan to the loose brick in the wall beside the door . ext . campsite , forest ~ dusk 81 janusz stagger back into camp , half dead and shiver with cold . valka be quickly beside he with smith and voss . janusz Three day from here . South by West . he collapse . voss shout for the fire to be build up , hot water to be boil . he feel he pulse , check he eye . voss Stones ! Gather stone ! heat they in the fire ! ext . campsite , still later - night 82 throughout the night they take turn replace the hot stone surround he body and massage he foot and hand . on one such occasion smith find himself at janusz 's side . janusz open he eye . smith what 's the ' brick 's ? janusz what do I say ? smith something about a loose brick . janusz nod , offer no explanation . smith ( cont ’d ) you know if you do not pull through soon we will have to leave you . janusz I expect nothing less . ( continued ) 82 83 84 85 86-87 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 52 . continued : 82 smith so you better get better quick if you want to see home again . janusz we could have use you in the Polish army . fire you out of a cannon . he close he eye , lapse back into a deep sleep . omitted 83 ext . hillside , siberia - dusk b4 it 's a beautiful evening as the file of traveller climb toward the crest of the hill . ext . mountain , siberia - dusk 85 from the crest , a panorama of Lake baikal - a massive body of water stretch to the horizon . the fugitive rest , and consider the next stage of they journey . smith ( to janusz ) we be go to have to follow the western shore . zoran but look , it bend like that - will not it take we longer ? janusz see all that settlement on the other side ? we would never get through . valka I swear to God , that mother - fucker would cut off we head , take they to secret police . get more for we than they would for they fish . janusz , impatient to move on , be already on he foot . zoran roll onto he back with a groan . omitted 86-87 kk ** ** ak ak ** * k kk ek ** *e kk ke 838 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 53 . ext . a track , lakeside — day 88 smith and voss be last in line as they move cautiously along a dirt track . shoulder . what be it ? smith keep look back over he voss ( conttnued ) *k 88 revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 54 . continued : 88 smith signal janusz to stop , while hold a finger to he lip for silence . janusz join he , follow by the other . smith we be be follow . janusz follow ? where ? smith fifty yard back . a man on he own . May have see we — cross into the tree beside the track . a silence as they consider they option . valka draw kk he knife . rk voss no kill . wee valka ( to voss ) no ? I think you have kill before . you say too many prayer for a innocent man . voss look uneasy . smith he give we away , the soldier will be on we in no time . janusz valka , go back on the other side of the track , then come up behind , in case he make a run for it . valka move off , glide through the tree on the leave of *** the track . the other wait a beat , then move into the tree on the right side of the track pick up fall timber as weapon . janusz be in the lead when in a clear not fifty pace ahead , a figure step out from behind a tree . janusz stop , hold up a hand for the other to stay where they be . he stare at the small figure — a young woman . there 's a glimpse of a dirty skirt under she coat , a scarf tie loosely about she neck . wisp of chestnut hair stray out from under a moth - eat fur hood . she look frighten and desperate . ( conttnued ) 88 89 55 . continued : ( 2 ) 88 from she waif like appearance , it 's hard to tell she age — a old thirteen or a young sixteen ? the man discreetly drop they improvise weapon . she look ready to make a run for it on see valka with he draw knife . janusz gesture for the other to fall back , as he cautiously approach , uttering reassure word . ext . pathway , wood - later — day 89 the other sit smoking by the pathway , watch as janusz cross back from the girl to join they . he say something to tomasz in Polish . a rapid exchange between they . smith what ? what be it ? janusz she 's Polish . be follow we for several day . valka what do she want ? janusz food ? Protection ? she 's be too afraid to approach we until she be sure we be not Russians . smith she want to travel with we ? janusz she 's on the run , like we . escape from a Russian collective farm . valka I swear to God I know this type - street gypsy , there be thousand like that , less use than a dog ! janusz look back to the girl who watch they from the clear . valka ( cont ’d ) pakhan . do not do this . janusz she 's starve . ( continued ) 89 90 31 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 56 . continued : 89 smith we can not feed ourselves . janusz Zoran ? zoran maybe it 's kinder to leave she . voss she 's be send to we . we can not leave she . smith we have no choice . janusz know this be true . ext . the clearing , wood - day 90 the girl watch as janusz approach . from the way he do not look at she she know they answer . janusz stand before she a moment . they speak in Polish ( sub - title ) . janusz I be sorry . he reach into he bag , pass she a fish and some nut and berry . it 's all she can do to refrain from eat it right away . janusz ( cont 'd ) what will you do ? the girl go back . he guess at what this might mean . janusz if we have enough food ... she stare at he , nod , then walk back toward the path , return in the direction from which she come . ext . pathway , wood -— day 91 the group walk in silence , the encounter with the girl and they subsequent decision weigh heavily on some . voss keep look back over he shoulder . *k *k 92 93 94 95 96 97 revise 3/31/09 ( Tan ) 57 . ext . lakeside — day 92 later , the group walk out in the open by the lake when they attention be catch by the sight of a flock of raven circle and diving on something up ahead - just out of sight around a bend in the lake . ext . lakeside , moment later — day 93 smith be the first to see it — a full grow reindeer bog to the shoulder in the soft mud by the lake 's edge . as they approach the raven rise in a great flap of wing . the group circle the wild - eye beast , pathetic in it 's attempt to pull itself out of the bog , face now with this new and more deadly threat . valka draw he knife . ext . a cove , lakeside — day 94 tomasz already have a fire go when the rest of the party appear drag the carcass of the reindeer on a improvise sled make of driftwood . voss watch a moment as preparation be make to butcher the animal , then he turn and hurry back in the direction from which they come . janusz watch he . he know where he 's go . ext . lakeside / pathway - day 95 voss move fast beside the lake , then onto the track , run now , retrace they step . ext . campsite , lake - dusk 96 tomasz butcher more meat from the reindeer use valka 's knife , while smith set up a wooden rotisserie on the fire assist by zoran . janusz and valka be part way through skin the beast when they pause on hearing footstep . around the point come voss , follow by the girl . as they approach , a expectant silence . voss her name be , irena . ext . campsite - later — night 97 they eat in silence , savore every mouthful . we hear the sound of eat — bone suck to the marrow ; finger lick ; bone crunching . ( conttnued ) +e of 97 98 99 100 revise 3/31/09 ( Tan ) 58 . continued : 97 irena be like a half - starve animal , eat with absorb concentration , the other sneaking look in she direction as they savor the fresh kill meat . ext . campsite , lakeside - dawn 98 janusz have be on the last watch of the night , and as dawn break he approach he sleep companion . he stare down at irena , sleep like a child by the fire . slowly the other stir , all move slowly and quietly , not want to disturb she sleep . ext . lakeside , campsite - day 99 zoran have set himself up as camp barber —- trimming hair and shave head use the razor- blade insert in the end of a stick , and for shave cream , a chunk of fat from the reindeer . janusz have just be shave and trim , the last but for valka . while the other wash themselves and they clothes , zoran call for valka , who approach reluctantly and sit on the rock before the barber . valka why do we do this ? zoran so we do not look like thief and robber . zoran approach he , blade in hand . zoran ( cont 'd ) very still , please . he tilt valka 's neck , seemingly the better to shave he . in fact , he enjoy teasing valka and he movement be slow and ominous , valka clearly nervous . ext . montage , campsite - day / night 100 various scene of maintenance , repair and the break down of the reindeer into anything of use during they journey . two fire burn — they regular cooking fire and one for the smoking of meat . voss ; Cleaning bone of shred of meat then beginning the construction of a bone frame for a backpack . he later get part of the skin to form the bag attach to the frame . still later he collect nearby vine , roll they up for future use . ( conttnurd + % the HH HH * +e ex + of 100 revise 3/31/09 ( Tan ) 58a . continued : 100 tomasz ; in between sketching scene of he friend at work he skim fat from the pot fill with boil bone , and lay out strip of meat give to he by valka to dry in the sun , part of the jerk meat they will carry as a long term food supply . valka ; with the ' Wolf 's he separate sinew and tendon from the beast , to form much need binding for they journey . he also cut meat for they jerk supply , or to be smoke . smith ; make firstly a large bone needle , then later make repair in he clothes . zoran ; after clean he tooth with a twig , hang he suit on a driftwood hanger and be see brush it with a branch from a pine tree . tomasz tease he and suggest he do something useful . later this lead to he sorting the boil bone into various size , a sort of accountant of the ' bone - bank 's . ' customer 's come to he look for bone or tooth for various use . janusz ; Works on the reindeer skin . with smith 's help he stretch it to dry on a driftwood frame . later , he cut a piece off and give it to voss for the back - pack . he also work scraping the skin of strand of unwanted meat and fat . irena ; sleep and eat . it be only at dusk one day she seem to come to life and move to the lakeside wash she clothes and hair . the man try not to stare , and whether they thought be carnal or not , whether she remind they of family or girlfriend , they be all affect by she transformation from boy / urchin , into a young woman when she return wash , and wear the dress she have carry roll - up on she back . + of ce * revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 59 . ext . campfire , lakeside - night 101 *** smith and janusz some distance from the campsite collect wood . by the fire zoran lead the ' Survivors Band 's . he have they drum on log , tapping stick , harmonize , amid much laughter . janusz watch irena . then he turn to smith . janusz she 's educate . speak good English . and french . smith that right . janusz you do not like she , do you ? smith speak to valka about she . he do not even think she 's Polish . janusz I do speak to he . and the other . they agree she come with we . smith it 's decide then ? janusz you disagree . smith apart from food she ’1ll slow we down . there 's no room for sentimentality . you know that . ( conttnued '' 102 103 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 60 . continued : 101 and he turn , move back to the fire with he load of wood . ext . pathway , wood - day 102 refresh and revive and laden with they supplies from the deer , they make they way along a narrow dirt track by the lake . irena be aware that the main opposition to she join with they come from valka and smith . smith she know be the more important , and she try to keep up with he . occasionally catch he eye , she try to charm he with a coquettish smile beyond she year . ext . river / lake —- day 103 a river flow into the lake present a obstacle . they walk along the edge to where the river begin to narrow , but here it 's still freeze , and a quick test with janusz 's staff show it to be too thin to take they weight . they look upstream - a distant figure of a man , a hunter possibly , a shotgun over he shoulder , on they side of the bank . there 's clearly no choice but to swim for it . they make hasty preparation , remove outer clothing , except shirt and trousers , tie they boot about they neck . irena watch . smith can you swim ? irena yes , mister . smith you would not lie to I ? irena I be not lie , comrade . that be a slip of the tongue , and smith be make uneasy by it . smith and do not call I , ' comrade 's . with a shout the group plunge into the icy water , swim one - hand , they pack hold above water level in the other . it 's only when they reach the other side they realize irena be still on the opposite bank . the other urge she to swim across . she hesitates a moment then run upstream to where the river be freeze . ( conttnured '' ak ke ek ke dee 103 104-105 a106 106 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 61 . continued : 103 they watch in astonishment as in a series of leap and bound she 's out on the ice head for the opposite bank . Ice crack beneath she foot and a couple of time it seem she ’1ll fall in , but with a last great leap over a section of free-flowing water she make it to the other side , hurry down to join the other a broad smile on she face . she look defiantly at smith . janusz be worried about the man have see they , and urge they to follow he into the tree-line . omitted 104-105 ext . forest , a short time later -— day a106 they scramble up a steep , forest slope , with occasional backward glance to see if the hunter be follow . there 's no sign of he . ext . lakeside —- day 106 some time later the group , still a little damp , walk by the lake . irena walk beside smith whose long stride force she to jog occasionally to keep up . they swat at mosquito as they walk . smith janusz tell I you family be kulak ? irena yes . just a cow and some pig . smith be you parent arrest with you ? irena they be dead . she swat at a few mosquito hover around she face . irena ( cont ’d ) we live on a farm outside Warsaw . when the Russians come they say we be ' kulak 's , and exploit the peasant . my parent be afraid and hide I in the barn . the mosquito be get worse and smith grab swatch of leave , pass one to irena as they walk on , swinging away at the annoying insect . ( conttnurd '' kk ak revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 61a . 106 106 continued : irena ( cont ’d ) I find they later . face down in the mud . they have be bashed and strangle with barb wire . she look up at smith , she eye fill with tear . ( conttnufd ) 106 62 . continued : 106 irena ( cont ’d ) later , the Russians catch I , and send I to a collective farm . they be cruel tome . I run away . I have no food . then I see you . they walk in silence a few pace , and she dry she tear with the corner of she sleeve . smith you can not swim can you ? she look up at he . irena what ? smith you have never be in the water in you life . she laugh coquettishly . - irena but I get across , do not I ? smith and , you say you live on a farm near Warsaw ? irena puzzle . irena yes . smith the Soviets do not get that far . that be german territory . she nervously swat the mosquito . smith ( cont 'd ) you parent be not murder be they ? you make it all up . she will not look at he , she face look thin and pinch , she seem older . smith ( cont 'd ) we have all do terrible thing to survive . but do not ever lie to I again . we have have enough of lie . ( continued ) 106 107 108 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 63 . continued : ( 3 ) 106 she sneak a glance back over she shoulder at the other , then up at smith . she nod . omitted 107 ) ** ext . road , outside a SMALL town , lake baitkal - late 108 ** afternoon wk a fishing village by the lake . timber house straggling back up into the surround hill . from cover , they consider the obstacle . janusz we will have to go ' round it . valka quicker through it . janusz they will have dog . raise the alarm . we would not stand a chance valka we need food again , pakhan . ( conttnurd \) 108 109 a110 ab110 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 64 . continued : 108 janusz I know we need food , but we be not go into that town , risk everything . smith get up . smith we be waste time . he strike off up a slope toward the hill behind the town . ext . hill behind village - dusk 109 the group make they way uphill and around the town . ext . town , lakeside - night a110 they p.o.v. down to the few light of the town and the lake glimmer in the moonlight . from the direction of the town - the sound of a dog bark in a agitate fashion . ext . hill behind village , same time - night ab110 smith join janusz . off he expression : smith ( to janusz ) what be it ? what 's wrong ? janusz where 's valka ? smith he be behind Zoran . janusz ( to zoran ) do not you watch valka ? zoran I be not he keeper . janusz damn he ! he look back down to the town . kk ae ee ae ek 110 alll revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 65 . ext . the ground of a house , village - night 110 a dim light through a side window - the glimpse of a woman crossing through frame , follow shortly after by the weathered face of a fisherman . he 's hear something . he cross to the window , peer out into the darkness . the moment he turn away the camera move on around the side to the rear of the building , past a rabbit in a cage . valka 's shoulder come into frame as he edge he way toward the back door , pass the sightless skull of a dry fish swinging from a cord under the eave . he reach for the door-handle , open it , and slip silently inside . ext . town , lakeside — night alll a view along a road to the town . ( p.o.v. now on the opposite side of town to that see earlier . ) ext . tree , roadside - night 111 the above p.o.v. be that of the group wait for valka . they sit by the roadside look toward the town . they swat at a cloud of mosquito . smith he could turn we in for the bounty . janusz and risk arrest ? smith he would bribe he way out of it . janusz ( to irena ) would he do that ? irena he might . zoran it 's a opportunity . we be rid of he . tomasz we do not need he knife . we can make one from deer bone . zoran come on ! let 's go ! ( continued ) we ee ** xk 111 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 66 . continued : 111 a movement behind they , they turn as valka step out from behind a tree . he stare back at they a crooked grin on he face . valka so. smith move swiftly , grab he by he collar and spin he into the tree . valka ( cont 'd ) hey , easy cowboy ! smith could have get we all kill . valka you tear my coat ...- smith fool ! he release he and valka stagger back , reach down to a bulg sack . he tip out the content — various foodstuff include a freshly kill rabbit and a bottle ** of vodka . valka ' fool 's be it ? it 's then they notice blood splash over he trousers . valka ( cont ’d ) what ? do I kill you ask ? yes . a dog . ( he laugh ) do not believe I ? so do not eat . but you will will not you ? because you want survival . I know about survival ! all my life . he hold up the bottle of vodka , one half empty . valka ( cont ’d ) and it 's my birthday ! with a wild look in he eye , he pass a bottle to janusz , then flick the side of he neck with he middle finger . valka ( cont ’d ) in Russia that mean we drink ! revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 67 . ext . campfire —- later - night 112 tomasz tend the rabbit roasting on the fire , while the vodka bottle be pass hand to hand . when not drink , the group be swatting at the persistent mosquito , zoran now badly bitten . valka do not seem bother by the mosquito , perhaps tatoos keep they away , anyway he 's feel generally pleased with himself and be very talkative . valka you know ... when they put the child of the political prisoner in the orphanage , they change they name , so later , the parent can never find they . zoran be that what happen to you ? valka ( shake he head ) I do not have parent . but that 's what happen to she . he pass irena the bottle . she glare back at he . valka ( cont 'd ) be not it ? you tell I that . she glance at the puzzle face of the other , finally look at smith . he hold she gaze . then she take a slug of the vodka . irena they call I 's rykov’ , but I remember we Polish name — ' Zulinski 's . I use to say it every night before I go to sleep . janusz the story you tell we ... irena ( overlap ) I think that story would be more sad , and you would not leave I behind . again she look at smith . she make a promise to he . ( conttnurd ) ke ae rk ** ak *k I revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 67a . 112 continued : 112 irena ( cont 'd ) my parent be Polish communist . they take we to live in Soviet Union — to Moscow . they want to work for the Revolution . ( more ) ( conttnited y 112 113 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 68 . continued : ( 2 ) 112 irena ( cont ’d ) we live in the Hotel luxe with lot of foreign communist . but they arrest they . in 1937 . Said they be spy . the police put I in the orphanage . and my brother . he die . I be ten year old . janusz and you run away . she nod . valka grin proudly at she . valka she live in the street , like I ! he break into one of he urki song . irena translate . irena it 's about a mother complain to she son that he 's a thief , just like he father ... it go on and say , ' but if you be strong enough to fight ' till death - you will conquer fate 's . she join valka in the chorus . ext . lakeside — day 113 the mosquito continue to plague they , swirl in cloud about they head , crawl into ear , eye and mouth . they have improvise headgear - coat , swatch of leave , improvise mask . many be badly bitten , face swollen , bite infect . smith walk beside janusz . smith what can we do ? steal a boat ? janusz no. smith people be go to get ill . janusz I know . smith after all we have face , how strange , this tiny insect might defeat we . *k #e # *k ek ae ek a k ak ak ae ek ek kk re we ae ae all4 114 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 68a . later , ploughed field — day all4 the group collect potato in a ploughed field by the lake . zoran can no longer take the mosquito , and to the astonishment of the other , he run toward the water , shed he coat as he go , eventually diving into the water and submerging himself . ext . lakeside , later — day 114 from a conceal position in the tree they watch as half a dozen peasant walk by the lake . zoran study they intently . zoran ( a whisper ) no mosquito . the other unsure of he meaning . zoran ( cont 'd ) they have no mosquito ! ** ** 116 117 118 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 69 . ext . various location , lakeside -— day / dusk 115 the group have by now a walk routine which they rarely vary , always occupy the same position in extend line . janusz as navigator in the lead , smith generally bring up the rear . irena be the exception — vary she place , now with one , now with another . they do not talk much to each other as they walk but they do talk with she . she have the knack of get anyone to talk . no doubt a skill learn in she life on the street . ext . forest near the road ~ day 116 a small fire burn as tomasz cook a fish steal by valka . the smoke from the fire be not enough to alleviate the mosquito problem and the group swat in miserable silence . suddenly smith throw dirt on the fire , suffocating it with he jacket . he point to the road . ext . road — day 117 from they point of view . a fisherman in he fifty , a basket in a sling on he back , walk abreast of they on the track . ext . forest - day 118 as he pass , zoran speak in a whisper to janusz . zoran there it be ! again ! janusz mystify . zoran ( cont ’d ) look at he . janusz stare again at the man . zoran ( cont ’d ) no mosquito ! zoran be up and off before anyone can stop he . they watch in appal silence as he approach and speak to the man , who regards this stranger appear from the forest with some suspicion . zoran do a kind of crazy dance , talk all the while . ( conttnued ) ** 119 a120 120 al21 revise 4/23/09 ( buff ) 70 . continued : 118 soon the man be laugh , and put down he bag and gun he take something from around he neck and place it on zoran 's neck . a few more word , and more laughter , then with a handshake zoran head back into the forest , the man continue on he way . zoran rejoin they , hold up the gift from the old man — strand of intertwined bark . zoran ( cont ’d ) mosquito repellent ! and I have the formula ! ext . road — day 119 later . they all wear necklace of the entwine bark and be mosquito free . zoran be the hero of the hour . tomasz but what do you say to he ? zoran that I be a escape convict who be be plague by mosquito . as they round a bend and disappear from sight , tomasz 's voice drift back . tomasz ( v.o. ) very funny . but what do you really say ? lake' end , siberia - day a120 janusz scoops up a handful of water where it lap a beach . it 's a symbolic end to they lake trek , and they turn and walk on , the lake behind they . ext . a field , siberia - day 120 in the far distance a large town dominate by a collection of smoke stack , belching out column of smoke into the sky , as the group hurry across open ground to the shelter of the forest . ext . countryside - day Al 21 a rustic cart pass by . after it have go the fugitive emerge from concealment and resume they journey . ab121 121 revise 4/23/09 ( buff ) 70aa . ext . countryside - day ab121 voss , zoran and tomasz talk of they pre-gulag day with irena . voss --- a small stone church in a little village . very peaceful . I grow up in that village . then , zoran --. it go on business . once a year — government client of course ! then , tomasz -- layer of very fine pastry , so when you bite there be a lightness , a delicacy - it should almost melt in the mouth . ext . OPEN country ~— day 121 the group move at a brisk pace . irena walk beside smith . ( conttnufd ) xo % of eo oe kk 121 122 123 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) 121 trena ( v.0 . ) and tomasz be a pastry chef but want to be a artist ? smith be that right ? irena and Zoran be on business in Moscow , arrest in Red Square , he say he be just take a photo of the kremlin ! he 's a accountant . smith well , I 'il be damned . never know a funny accountant . trena do not you talk to each other ? smith in the camp you learn to say as little as possible . they walk on in silence , irena sneaking a look up at he . omitted 122 ** ext . countryside , later - day 1230 ** irena now walk with janusz . janusz Mr. Smith ? a american ? work on the Moscow metro ? trena ( nod ) he 's a engineer . his father be finnish . grew up in America , but he could speak Russian . janusz why do he come to Russia for God 's sake ? irena the Depression . his son come with he . ( conttnurd '' 123 124 125 126 revise 3/16/09 ( salmon ) 72 . continued : 123 janusz what happen to he son ? irena they shot he . he be seventeen . ext . a stream — dusk 124 the group ford a shallow stream when irena see smith limp to a rock where he sit and inspect he blister , bleed foot ... irena kneel before he , dry he foot with she dress . the other watch silently as she tear strip from she petticoat and bind up the raw spot between he toe . ext . a ridge above the tran - siberian railway - day 125 the group look down to see the railway track line with villager every few mile , make a crossing especially hazardous . janusz the mongolian border be on the other side of that track . two armed soldier can be see walk along the track . tomasz can not we go around this ? janusz this be the main line . it 's go to be like this everywhere . smith we do not have a choice . janusz we cross at night . they attention be catch by the pass of a long freight train , horn sounding over the bucolic scene . ext . a ridge above the railway - line - day 126 a visible tension in the group as they wait . valka whittles a piece of deer - bone . tomasz what 's that you be make ? ( conttnufd ) revise 3/16/09 ( salmon ) 72a . 126 continued : 126 valka a cross for you tombstone . ( conttnurd '' 126 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 73 . continued : ( 2 ) 126 tomasz surprised at he tone . valka ( cont 'd ) why should you care what I be make ? the evening be hot and valka have he shirt open , the tattooe portrait of lenin and stalin on he chest appear and disappear in the fold of he shirt . this amuse zoran . zoran valka ? valka what ? zoran why do you have arsehole tattooe on you chest ? valka stop . stare back . zoran ( cont 'd ) should not they be on you arse so you sit on they every time you take a shit ? valka you think it 's funny ? they be great man . zoran laugh . valka ( cont ’d ) watch you eye , crowbait ! he make a ' v’ with he finger follow by a short stabbing motion . zoran reel back . ek valka ( cont 'd ) xe do not you know what ' stalin 's mean funny man ? man-of - steel . he take from rich and give to poor . zoran sure he do . then he put both of they in a camp for twenty - five year . valka go back to he carve . Al 27 ab127 128 74 . ext . railway track - night Al 27 janusz stand on the track look down the line to a cut where the track disappear around a bend . the sound of a approach train , a dim light already reflect on the side of the cut . he turn and look toward the tree where the other be approach down a wood hillside . he hurry toward they , urging they to take cover in the bracken beside the track . smith point out a glow red light further down the track from the approach train . ext . railway track — night ab127 the train thunder into the cut with a squeal of break as the driver sight the red light on the track ahead , and the train slow to a stop . ext . beside the track — night 127 Close on the face of the escapee as they look up to the carriage stop in front of they . they be cattle - — car , but its soon apparent they cargo be human . from the high window , hand can be see clutching the bar . from inside a communal groan and sighing . voice , female voice , cry out for water , and on the agonize face of the fugitive a mixture of pain and empathy . then the train seem to sigh , like a great beast , and from beneath the carriage flow stream of blood and urine . as the distant light turn green the train slowly move forward , and as it do so , letter and note drop to the track from the bar window . after it be go they scramble over the track into the wood on the other side , all but voss . he be pick up as many of the note and letter as he can . janusz ( v.o. ) andrej , for God 's sake ! voss slowly cross the track , and disappear into the brush . ext . brush , trackside - night 128 voss , overwhelm with emotion sit down , examine the letter and note in he hand . janusz hurry back for he . ( continued ) * oe ho ook 128 129 130 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 75 . continued : 128 janusz ( whisper ) come on ! but voss do not move . janusz sit beside he , and voss pass he a sample of the prisoner 's pathetic message — some scrawle on the back of photograph . they be mostly name and address , plea for someone to mail or inform relative of what happen to they — some have even clipped a few bank - note to pay for postage . omitted 1290 ** ext . russo -mongolian border , countryside — dawn 130 ** tall stripe post at interval , strung with rusted wire — beyond , a dirt road and distant field . from a conceal position in the nearby tree they carefully watch for sign of a patrol . janusz go first , pass easily through the sagging fence . zoran call to he . zoran ( shout ) what 's it like in Mongolia ? janusz hold up a hand — ' keep you voice down 's . zoran crawl through the wire follow by the other . zoran ( cont ’d ) I love Mongolia . smith Love it later . we need to get as far from this border as possible . zoran face Russia and as if bow at the end of a performance . zoran thank you mother Russia for you hospitality ! I definitely will not be come back ! it 's only then that we notice that valka have not cross through . he stand stare at they from the Soviet side . it 's clear he 's go no further . janusz cross back to he , and they talk through the wire . ( conttnurd ) 76 . 130 continued : 130 janusz they 'il catch you if you stay , you know that . valka ( shrug ) prison be o.k. debt be bad . but there be many prison . they do not find I . they stand a moment , watch the other move toward a line of tree . janusz no , America ? valka it 's not for I - ' freedom 's . would not know what to do with it , I swear to God . he place he hand on the wooden hilt of he knife , stick out of he waistband . valka ( cont ’d ) so we must say goodbye , my Wolf and I . janusz glance at the knife . valka ( cont ’d ) you do not need he any more . janusz good luck , valka . valka good luck , pakhan . and he turn and walk away . janusz walk toward the distant group and by the time he look back , valka be go . 131 ext . mongolian steppe — day 131 a vast plain stretch to distant snow - cap peak . dotte on the hill the ger - circular tent - like structure , home to the nomadic mongolian . in the distance walk the band of survivor , strung out in a line abreast . they voice drift back - snatch of conversation , and laughter . 132 133 134-135 a136 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 77 . omitted 132 ext . road ~ day 133 the traveller stride confidently down the dirt road . around a bend , a decorative archway over the road , a town visible a few mile further on . they stop in they track . on one side of the timber structure a portrait of josef stalin . on the other the local mongolian leader , a red star on he military cap . in the centre , the hammer and sickle over a painting of a brown hand shaking a white one . small flag of both nation flap ominously . close on the stunne face of the fugitive . voss it 's here too . smith this change everything . irena look at the grassy plain all about they . irena nowhere to hide . omitted 134-135 ext . mongolian steppe , later - day a136 the group walk toward a distant line of hill , feel very expose to any watch eye . zoran how far be China ? janusz five , six hundred kilometer . zoran groan . irena be China free ? smith there 's a war on with the japanese , I know that much . voss after China be tibet . Religious people . buddhist . ( conttnued ) ke we we ee e k we kk kk we we we dee ae kk kk a136 ab136 continued : revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 78 . a136 janusz but be not tibet close to foreigner ? I remember read that . voss they religion would compel they to shelter we . we could go to lhasa , the capital . zoran we break out of one ' close country 's and now we plan to break into another ? I like ‘open 's country . tomasz and janusz exchange a few excited word in Polish . trena translate . irena they say we could go beyond tibet . over the mountain . to India . zoran what mountain ? smith ( shake he head ) the himalayas . tomasz we could join the british Army . first fight Nazis then Russians ! zoran go over the himalayas ? how ? ona Magic carpet ? a silence as they contemplate the massive distance stretch ahead of they . ext . abandoned stone build , mongolia - dawn ab136 in the middle of a empty plain a small circular stone ruin . ** kk ** kk ** ** ** ek ak * k ** kk ** we ** ** ee *e ak kk kk ** ak wk 136 137 138 79 . int . ruin — dawn 136 sleep figure . a gentle tip-tapping sound . voss open he eye . stare back at he from the doorway , half a dozen sheep . he nudge tomasz who wake sleepily , take he eye-line . carefully , slowly , they rise , voss draw he deer - bone knife . then they move . the sheep retreat , bump into each other , and outside the chase be on . tomasz tackle a ewe and voss approach with a knife , but janusz be behind he , grab he arm . janusz not andrej , no ! voss try to free he arm . janusz ( cont ’d ) do not kill it ! tomasz why not ? we be hungry ! janusz you want the local after we too ? they break into Polish , a blaze argument , month of pent up frustration . voss pick up the sheep and carry it inside the ruin . int . ruin , later - day 137 milk squirting into they aluminium bowl as voss expertly milk the ewe , irena and zoran hold it steady . ext . steppe - day 138 the sun be blaze as they cross through a sea of grass , hill rise in the distance like island . tomasz and zoran play a long distance walker 's game -— each in turn kick a rock out ahead , continually pass it from one to the other . janusz and smith look to the hill surround they as they walk . janusz you feel it ? smith yes . ( continued ) 138 a139 ab139 140 80 . continued : 138 irena feel what ? janusz we be be watch . irena uneasy , squint in the direction of the hill . and you can feel it . like a John Ford western there 's a sense of be in indian territory , of they every move watch by unseen eye . ext . buddhist temple - day '' a139 a distant view of a temple complex at the base of low hill . ext . steppe - day ab139 the above have be point out by voss to the group , and they decide to make they way to the temple , in the hope of get food . ext . abandoned temple complex , steppes -— day 139 within a wall compound they wander between a series of recently abandon Buddhist temple and out-building . by the size of the compound , several hundred monk may have live here . everywhere be sign of violence - door hang from hinge , and a large statue of buddha lie smashed in a courtyard . janusz point to a line of bullet impact , stitched across a wall . int . temple -— day 140 there be bloodstain on the floor , and the wind howling about the building make a haunt accompaniment . irena and voss be alone inside . irena what happen here ? voss the same as happen in Russia . church close , priest shot or take to camp , religion ban . they come to my church , in latvia . destroy everything , declare it a ' museum 's . later that night , there be a lone guard . a boy . ( more ) ( continued ) 140 141 b81 . continued : 140 voss ( cont 'd ) I strangle he until he eye pop right out of he head . valka know somehow . knew I have kill in cold blood . he bow he head . irena look up at he , and they stand together in silence , but for the moan wind . ext . mongolian steppe -— day 141 as they head South , each be lose in they own thought when seemingly out of nowhere a half - dozen mongolian horseman be gallop toward they . the horseman circle they , far from friendly look on they face . they wear the traditional costume of steppe nomad and range in age from a man in he seventies down to a six - year - old boy . the old man pull up he horse in front of smith , figure as he 's the oldest he ’1ll also be the leader . the group stare at each other . the old man speak in Russian , a rough guttural accent . [ the following dialogue be in russian . ] old man russki ? a glance between smith and janusz . much may hang on he answer . smith no. american . the old man maybe do not get the ' american 's part , but he get that they be not Russian . he seem pleased about that . old man lhasa ? smith nod . smith lhasa . yes . tibet . janusz point South . old man pilgrim ? smith yes . old man no horse ? ( continued ) 141 142 144 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 82 . continued : 141 smith we be too poor to have horse . the old man point at irena . old man wife ? smith look at irena . smith daughter . irena move closer to he . smith put a protective arm about she shoulder . the old man consider the situation for a moment longer before abruptly turn , and follow by he band , gallop off toward the distant hill . look between the group , not exactly of relief , as there 's a feel it may not be the last they see of the rider . irena look up at smith , smile at he . something about he call she he daughter have touch some hide place . smith , a little embarrassed , smile back . ext . river' edge , mongolia - day 142 while smith fish in the river , other tend to they batter foot . voss pass around deer fat in he improvise deer skull container . this they rub over raw patch , and between they toe where deep crack have develop . janusz repair they footwear , while tomasz sit by the fire sketching irena . zoran , the camp ** barber , trim hair and beard ** ext . campsite -— dawn 143 tomasz be smoking fish over the fire as the group stir . he give zoran a kick . zoran what do you do that for ? I be in the middle of this beautiful dream — just about to eat some salt , I could already taste it . I want to go back to that dream . ext . steppes , mongolia , later — day 144 the figure see walk away in the distance . float back the voice of tomasz give a recipe of a favorite Polish dish to zoran . ( conttnued } 144 145 146 83 . continued : 144 tomasz then add two sprig of rosemary and a pinch of nutmeg . zoran nutmeg ? what about the salt ? tomasz we will get to that . now , add the oil and leave it to marinate , while you prepare the chicken . that 's where the salt come in ... zoran good . tomasz rub it into the skin of the chicken with a little of the paprika . zoran double the salt . tomasz I can not just double the salt ! it will be too salty . zoran I do not care , just do it . tomasz I be not go to ruin it . ext . a changing landscape , mongolia - day 145 a primaeval and austerely beautiful landscape stretch before they . tufty knoll of dry grass be the only detail that break up the flat immensity . ridge - top — day 146 up ahead of they on the edge of a ridge a lone mongolian horseman watch they approach . he 's the young boy from the group of horseman who originally approach they . they pause before he . he look at they a moment then toss a goatskin bag at they foot before gallop off in the direction from which they come . voss pick up the skin bag , give it a shake . Water . they continue on to the edge of the ridge and a view of a vast desert plain be reveal . ( continued ) eh of * 146 al47 147 148 149 150 revise 3/16/09 ( salmon ) 84 . continued : 146 they look back to the disappear horseman before scramble down the rocky slope . ext . gobi desert —- day al47 the group crossing into the heart of the gobi . ext . gobi desert , later — day 147 voss be the first to see it — a vast glitter lake . they hurry toward it . later , 148 the lake lead they on , but appear no closer . later still , 149 janusz have take a read of the sun , use he stick method . he point out they direction — it be away from the beckone lake . voss janusz ! janusz hesitates , look at voss who hold up they water - bag . voss ( cont 'd. ) ( cont 'd ) we should go to the lake . Water be get low . janusz what lake ? it 's a mirage . he plod on , away from the shimmer vision . there 's little the other can do but trust janusz , and slowly they follow . ext . the gobi - midday / dusk 150 the sun be directly above , the land shimmer with heat ».. the group have stick they stick in the ground and drape they jacket over they , make a sunshade they shelter under . 151 152 a153 153 revise 3/16/09 ( salmon ) 85 . later , 151 the sun have drop , casting shadow . janusz rise from the shelter and call for the other to continue . ext . the gobi — another day 152 the figure , tiny in the surround desert , walk on , janusz in the lead need to constantly slow down to allow the other to catch up . ext . the gobi - same day a153 the group hesitate on hearing a distant roaring sound up ahead . nothing on the horizon . then they be hit by a fierce wind , as toward they roll a vast cloud of sand . they drop to the ground instinctively , and huddle together throw blanket around they shoulder and over they head , as they be engulf in the choke sand . later , they emerge from they own ' dune 's , and shaking themselves down they resume they journey southward . ext . the gobi — night 153 the temperature have drop to freezing and they huddle by a fire , pick sand out of they small ration of food . zoran I be too tired to sleep . tomasz why not keep walk ? zoran I be for that , if we can wake andrej . they look to where voss sleep . zoran ( cont ’d ) he can sleep anywhere , any time . how do he do it ? smith ( to janusz ) can you plot you way by the star ? ( conttnurd ) ff HH * 153 revise 3/16/09 ( salmon ) 85a . continued : 153 janusz ( nod . ) yes , but have not you notice ? he point upward to the low cloud obscure the star . smith what about water ? janusz what about it ? ( conttnued ) 153 154 155 86 . continued : 153 smith I do not see any . I be try to remember my school geography but I seem to recall the gobi Desert somewhere in Southern Mongolia . janusz begin scoop out a hole in the pebbly ground . it 's funnel - shape , narrow at the base . the other watch as he line the side with dry deerskin , place they cooking pot in the base . janusz we may pick up a little morning dew . glad of something practical to do they all set about digging and lining hole with anything to hand . ext . the gobi — dawn 154 as they wake , they harvest the precious droplet of water catch overnight , trickle the content into they pot , barely a quarter cupful . ext . gobi - day 155 no-one have sleep much and they walk like zomby , strung out in a line , no - one speak , all just dully concentrate on place one foot after the other . zoran notice voss , walk behind he be actually asleep . he have swing he backpack onto he chest and with he head rest on it he be actually sleep - walk . zoran test he theory by walk away from the group , in a small circle . voss follow , guide by the sound of zoran 's footstep . he wake he , voss look around with a start . zoran you be asleep ! voss no I be not . zoran you be follow the sound of my footstep - sleep - walk . the other have stop . zoran take the backpack from voss , and place it on the exhaust irena . ( continued ) 155 157 87 . continued : 155 zoran ( cont ’d ) just follow the sound of my footstep . she nod , not fully understanding . zoran ( cont ’d ) put all else out of you mind , and sleep . I will wake you in Calcutta . she smile , nod , already half asleep . ext . gobi , later ~ day 156 zoran look over he shoulder , smile proudly as he see irena be sleep - walk , trust to the steady sound of he footstep . ext . gobi mid-day 157 the group rest under the meagre shade provide by they coat . smith walk away from they , and crest a slight rise . from here he have a clear view to the horizon . off in the distance a dark patch against the light sand . through the dance mid-day light he see shape . tree ? he stagger back to the group . smith janusz ? janusz follow he to the rise . smith point to he discovery . janusz squint against the light . janusz it 's another mirage . smith shake he head ' no '. smith we have no more water . I see tree . where there 's tree there 's water . janusz it 's East . we must head South . the other have join they , stare toward the distant shape . ( continued ) 157 158 159 88 . continued : 157 smith I have never doubted you , janusz . not once . but we must give it a try . janusz no . we must keep go South ! you 's 11 kill we ali ! smith damn it , we be already die . janusz go to move on , smith grab he shirt sleeve , a short pathetic struggle see they fall to they knee , voss and tomasz move to separate they . smith be the first to stand , brush sand and dirt from he clothes . he turn to the other . smith ( cont 'd ) you have a choice . he look at irena , then turn and go back for he staff and jacket . the other watch as he turn East toward he discovery . janusz it 's a mirage . just a mirage . smith keep walk away - a strange echo of the incident in siberia when he walk away from the guard . perhaps it be this memory that cause the other to turn silently , and collect they few possession , to follow he . janusz watch a while , then slowly follow . ext . the gobi — day 158 Close on smith as he squint against the glare . his point of view : oasis or mirage ? the distant outline of tree seem to disappear in the shimmering wave of liquid heat . brief time lapse : 159 Close on tomasz as he stare ahead of he . his point of view : closer now , but still it weave , appear and reappearing in the heat -shimmer . 160 89 . brief time lapse : 160 Close on zoran . his point of view : closer again . a bird rise into the sky from the now more solid tree . back on zoran . zoran mirages do not have bird ! wider , and they be run , run with the last of they precious energy . ext . well - day 161 a clump of straggly torture tree surround a desert well ~- a low square of ancient stone . they sprawl by the well , smith reach down inside with they bowl to bring up a scoop of crystal clear water . it 's pass around rapidly . smith just a little . do not fill yourselves . more scoops follow in quick succession , enough to splash hand and face . voss call from a few yard away . voss Fire . coal be still warm . smith and janusz join he , examine the ground about the fire . smith lot of track . nomad ? voss maybe other will come ? tomasz over here ! the remain of a meal ! there 's still meat on the bone ! he point to the cook remain of some animal . use voss 's deer - bone knife he scrape meat from the bone , other just attack any bone they find . ( continued ) 161 162 90 . continued : 161 janusz do not eat it all ! he manage to save at least half of the meat , wrapping it in a cloth , and put it in voss 's backpack . ext . well , later - day 162 they lie stretch out under the shade of the tree doze , and every now and then go back to the well to drink or just to lay they hand in the cool water . ext . campfire — night 163 irena sleep while the man discuss they situation in hushed tone . tomasz at least we have water here . janusz but no food . voss other nomad will come . Water they flock . janusz when ? next week ? next month ? zoran we could wait a few day , at least . janusz without food , we will only get weaker . maybe too weak to travel . tomasz this last day - I do not know that I could go through that again . voss ( look at the water ) it be a miracle find this . can we count on another ? tomasz I say we stay . ( continued ) 163 164 165 166 168 91 . continued : 163 they look to smith . he look up to find they watch he . smith what be you look at I for ? ask janusz . he 's already make up he mind for we , have not you , janusz ? janusz say nothing . ext . well — dawn 164 they all take a last drink from the well , then pour water over they face and clothes . voss fill the skin water - bag , then zoran fill they cooking bowl to the brim . steam be rise from they damp clothing when they set off . zoran walk on tip-toe , anxious not to spill a drop from the bowl in he outstretch hand . ext . gobi desert - day 165 Close on tomasz as he look back over he shoulder to see : the well , still not more than 500 yard behind . brief time lapse : 166 Close on zoran as he too turn for a last look at : the well , now up to half a mile behind and looking less real in the shimmering heat . brief time lapse : 167 Close on voss , he shade he eye to see : the well be below the horizon now , and all that can be see be the endless flatness , the same emptiness that stretch out before they . ext . gobi , desert —- timelapse - day 168 they walk in a desert void . there be no feature , no distant hill , no growth of any kind . it be a emptiness , the only sound that of they footstep and they labor breathe . ( continued ) * +e ee 168 169 170 92 . continued : 168 all the while they water supply be dwindling - water from zoran 's bowl long go , the goat-skin water - — bag no longer sloshes , but have to be squeeze to get out even a mouthful . ext . gobi - dusk 169 janusz hand out small portion of the scavenge meat from the waterhole . all of they be subject to cramp , the result of the lack of water , and from time to time they be see reacting to a sudden bolt of pain , attempt to stretch against it , or massage the limb out of its paralysis . later , same campsite — night 170 smith and janusz collect more dry camel dung for the fire . smith look to where the other sit . smith we be in trouble . janusz I know that , but they must not . smith they know . janusz you can survive a month or more without food , but water ? smith day ? janusz maybe two day , maybe less in this heat . smith what about what we be get from condensation ? janusz it 's the only thing keep we alive . but for how long ? smith can you get we back to the waterhole ? ( continued ) 172 94 , ext . gobi - later — day 172 as they walk voss pick up a pebble , hold it up to show zoran who walk behind he . voss when we work the field , during the hot summer , we use to suck on small stone like this . do not know why but it make we feel less thirsty . zoran pick up a pebble . zoran we have eat just about everything else . voss you do not eat it , just suck on it . at this moment irena fall again , she knee buckle and she face pitching into the sand in almost one movement . they turn she over again , wiping the sand from she nose and mouth . smith make a shelter over she with they stick and jacket . she lie with she eye close , she breathe come in harsh gasp . both leg be now swollen to the knee . he touch the swell and the mark he finger make remain for some second . voss ( cont ’d ) sunstroke ? irena wake . trena I be become a nuisance . she look down at she leg . janusz do they hurt you ? irena no , not at all . they must be swell because I have walk so far . do not you think , mister ? smith nod reassuringly then quickly turn away , a look of deep anguish pass across he face . * 173 174 175 95 . ext . gobi - night 173 the other keep watch over she as she sleep . smith pass around a splash of water in the cup . they all refuse it . zoran save it for irena . we have get we pebble . and he pop one in he mouth , make out it 's delicious and soothing . in the now familiar ritual they scoop out hole in the sand , lining they with they jacket , hopeful of collect a little moisture overnight . ext . gobi — dawn 174 they walk on , zoran carefully carry the partly fill bowl of water . irena seem refresh , but janusz and smith walk beside she , watch she every step . irena I can walk alright if I can lean a little on you . they each lightly lay a hard on she elbow . ext . gobi - later — day 175 irena start to fall forward , they steady she , and she walk on for a bit before slumping forward , and fall to she knee . smith too fall with exhaustion . voss hurry back to they . janusz can you go on ? irena I think so . but what about Mr. Smith ? smith struggle for breath be back on he foot , wave they on . voss and janusz each put a arm about she and half - carry , half - drag she , they set off again but it 's no use , she 's lose all she strength . voss I be go to carry she . ( continued ) 178 180 181 97 . ext . gobi desert - day 178 * a lizard , in close up , listen to a approach sound . as the volume build he run for he life . a beetle too , have hear it and burrow into the sand as a foot ina batter moccasin loom large in frame . we follow the foot a few staggering step , then a blur , as a body falis through frame , end in a close - up of tomasz , he breath come in short gasp . ext . wider , gobi desert — day 179 * the five figure , small in frame , tomasz the last in line , down on he knee . he raise a hand , have not the strength to call out . then one of the figure see he , call to the other . close on tomasz . he pull the leg of he trousers up with difficulty - the tell - tale swell of the ankle , just as with irena . as janusz approach he quickly cover he leg and stagger to he foot . janusz steady he , and take he arm they continue . ext . dune , gobi desert - day 180 as they walk the landscape change from the endless scrubby plain to sweeping sand dune . the nature of the terrain make the go slower and they move forward on the edge of exhaustion . in a curious freak of nature the wind whip across the top of the dune create a eerie sing sound . ahead , and across they path a massive * dune - no way forward but over it . tomasz look up , stare in horror - * tomasins hallucination : * the dune be move , rise up , higher and higher , like a * massive sand wave . back on tomasz . he collapse , unconscious . * ext . base of the great dune , gobi - twilight 181 * a eerie , ghostly twilight , the group all sit * together in a rough circle around tomasz . he seem to * revive as he pass around sketches he 's make during they imprisonment and escape . ( continued ) 181 182 183 98 . continued : 181 it 's a almost cheerful scene , like a traveller show happy snap take on holiday . voss I like this one . when do you do that ? he hold up a sketch of kazik , show he examine one * of he batter shoe . tomasz on the train . poor kazik , always the trouble with he foot . zoran hold up a draw of himself . zoran who 's this ? tomasz you . zoran look at it again genuinely shocked . zoran my father maybe , but ... be that how I look now ? a chuckle from the other . smith stare at a sketch of irena . smith you catch she smile . smith pass the sketch to janusz as tomasz lay back down , a smile on he face . he look up at the star . he know he 's die and have accept the fact . this in turn have give strength to he friend , and between they all be a feel of love and a kind of peace . ext . base of the great dune , gobi - dawn 182 * they have tie he pencil to a length of hide , and hang it from the top of the cross over he grave . a faint breath of morning breeze set it swinging like a pendulum , the other long go . ext . dune — day 183 as they stagger on janusz have move well out in front , when he stumble and fall . then he see it , just out ahead , and he begin crawl toward it . ( continued ) 183 184 186 187 99 , continued : 183 janusin mirage - day : it 's the hedge and gate from he vision . behind the hedge the hint of a roof . through the gate can be see the path to the front door . ext . dune - day 184 janusz crawl faster now , when zoran appear beside he . janusz do you see it ? zoran come on , Jan . janusz but do you see it ? zoran no . he help he to he foot and they continue on . ext . dune , gobi desert — day 185 in the glare of the noon - day sun they shelter under they coat propped on they walk staff . no - one speak . ext . dune , gobi desert — day 186 smith and janusz support each other as they stagger on . smith 's eye be on the ground , follow the dance shadow before he . janusz nudge he , point — above they two magnificent eagle , the source of the shadow . janusz eagle live in mountain . smith look at the featureless landscape ahead . smith they also fly long distance . ext . landscape , mongolia - day 187 the dune be more intermittent here , the ground more stony and undulate . ( continued ) 189 190 191 192 193 101 . continued : 189 voss hear it first , and with he remain strength move out of the circle of firelight into the desert . he pause , listen again . a scraping sound . then he see they come out of the gloom - janusz drag a unconscious smith by he shoulder . voss hurry to they . a look from janusz - ' water 's ? voss shake he head , ' no 's . ext . campsite —- same — dawn 190 a black snake , thick as you wrist , slide over zoran 's leg . he stare , too close to death to feel fear . he 's not even entirely sure it 's real . he watch its progress as it slither up the rocky hillside . then he get it , and he 's up , run on pure adrenaline , follow after the snake , leave he sleep companion by the fire . ext . hillside - brief montage — day 191 zoran tracking the snake . he mutter to himself in a kind of delirium . he be crawl after the snake , scraping skin from knee and elbow . the snake disappear down into a rocky defile , follow by zoran . ext . campsite — day 192 smith in a death - like sleep . a distance away voss and janusz stand , stare upward at the wave figure some fifty metre up the hill . a native ? Black mud obscure he face . it 's zoran . he wave , dance about , then in a crack voice , a single word drift down to they . zoran Water ! ext . valley floor —- day 193 zoran , janusz , voss - lie flat out like lizard , they face in damp , black mud . suck sound . they slurp at small pool of water , split lip , puffed and bleed . at first , just to swallow be painful , but it be life . after each mouthful there be a moment they must wait as the seepage re-fill the little hollow . 194 197 102 . ext . mud - pool - later - day 194 they have carry smith to the water and janusz support he in a sit position while voss and zoran , in turn , soak they shirt in the mud , drip the life-give liquid into smith 's mouth . he cough , splutter , as he suck at the moisture . ext . another part of the valley — day 195 a black snake protrude about a foot out of a hole in the sandy soil . zoran point , and be join by janusz and voss . janusz hold he hand up for they to go very still . he speak in a whisper . janusz knife . voss pass he the deer - bone knife . with it , he split the end of he staff , to make a fork out of the end . zoran what if it 's poisonous ? janusz you can still eat it . just cut off its head . he pass the knife to voss , then creep toward the creature , and strike quickly he attempt to trap the snake in the fork . too slow . the snake disappear into its hole . ext . valley - later - day 196 like snake - fisherman , they sit wait by the snake-hole ~ zoran too , have a snake- catch stick . then they see a second snake , slithering across the rock . at a signal they strike , zoran deftly trapping the snake 's head in the cleft stick . ext . campsite , valley - day 197 chunks of whitish snake meat be cooking on a thin flat stone over a fire of twig and grass . the man grab piece of the snake and eat , nodd approval . janusz it 's not bad . ( continued ) 198 199 revise 2/25/09 ( pink ) 103 . continued : 197 janusz help smith sit up , feed he a small piece of meat . smith wave he away , sink back to the ground too tired to eat . voss kind of like chicken . zoran yeah , a long black poisonous chicken with no leg . janusz you know valka talk of eat each other ? in siberia ? zoran he do ? would you have eat I ? janusz probably . zoran I would never have eat you — too stringy and bitter , I have rather eat snake . voss nearly choke on something , reach into he mouth , pull out a tooth . janusz scurvy . omitted 198 ext . campsite — night 199 the fire burn low , voss and zoran sleep . smith wake from time to time and janusz force he to eat and drink . smith be deathly pale , he life ebbing away . he speak in short , croaky stab , every breath a effort . smith it can kill you , remember ? janusz puzzle . smith ( cont 'd ) ' kindness 's . kk janusz try to force more water on he but smith waife he away . ( conttnurd ) 199 104 . continued : 199 smith ( cont ’d ) how long can you survive on snake and mud ? you should leave I , but you can not can you ? you be a fool . I have leave you . he lay back down . janusz study he face , pain and suffer etched in sharp line . janusz mister ? smith what ? janusz I might not know you first name , but I know you son 's name . smith stare at he . smith irena tell you . janusz nod . janusz can I say he name ? nothing from smith . janusz ( cont 'd ) ' David 's . smith say he name will not bring he back . he struggle onto he elbow , stare intently at janusz , a ironic smile on he lip . smith ( cont 'd ) you try to give I the will to live ? that it ? stop I give up ? janusz be you give up ? smith in the camp , some see death as ' freedom 's . ( continued ) * revise 3/16/09 ( salmon ) 105 . continued : ( 2 ) 199 janusz so why do not you kill yourself ? smith survival be a kind of protest . janusz make he take a little water . smith ( cont 'd ) now be alive be my punishment . janusz punishment for what ? smith I bring David to Russia do not I ? janusz and no - one can forgive you ? and you can not forgive yourself ? smith be easier if I have religion , or a home to go back to , like you . janusz for we , the old life be go . they sit in silence for a while . smith irena tell I they torture you wife and she inform on you . janusz yes . smith they do that to my boy . janusz ( nod ) my wife be release , that much I know . she live , but like you she will not be able to forgive herself . only I can do that . he lean closer to smith , speak just above a whisper , he voice intense , he eye burn . janusz ( cont 'd ) she will torture herself for what she do . just like you . that 's why I have to get back ! ( conttnurd 1 } 199 200 201 202 203 205 106 . continued : ( 3 ) 199 this last , have impressed smith , and despite he death - wish a flicker of life surge through he bone . ext . campsite , mud -flat — dawn 200 next morning , and the figure of the four man be see in wide - shot sleep by the ember of they fire . one figure get up , pick up he staff , and begin to walk slowly South , toward the distant mountain . it 's smith . the other stir , they attention catch by the sight of smith staggering onward . janusz know what the effort to walk be cost he , and he know this be smith 's gift to he . they hurriedly pack up , voss cram the back - pack with roast snake- meat , zoran collect a last bowl of water , which he pour carefully into they goatskin water - bag . ext . desert — day 201 janusz catch up with smith , give he he arm in support , and together they slowly continue they journey southward . ext . changing terrain -— day 202 they leave the desert behind as they climb gently rise ground . river , mongolia - day 203 the survivor each see alone as they experience the life - give water : one simply let water run though he finger ; another submerges himself entirely ; one drink , savore every mouthful as if it be the finest vintage wine . smith fish . beside he several of he catch gleam silver in the light . 204 — omit ext . hillside - dusk / night 205 walk abreast they head toward a pass between two massive mountain - in the distance gleam snow - cap peak rise even higher . * tee + of * 206 207 208 209 211 107 . ext . campsite , mountain —- dawn 206 they sleep , huddle together amongst the stony rubble . it be snow . voss be the first to rise . he look about he in disbelief , shake the other awake , point . just beyond where they have sleep a high wall tower above they . in this extreme western section it 's in poor shape ~ not build of stone , but of ancient mud brick , tumble down in many place , but to the East the outline be distinct as it straggle over ridge to the horizon - the great Wall of China . ext . the great wall , china — day 207 they enter through a keyhole - like open form by collapse masonry , now dress in they cold weather clothing . ext . sky - day 208 from high above a series of aerial shot take we over a massive snow cover mountain range . ext . snowy landscape , tibet -— day 209 the man climb steadily up snow - cover hill , pause at a cairn of stone cover with tiny flag . smith tibetan ? they move on with renew energy . ext . countryside , tibet - day 210 close on the deeply line face of a shepherd . he wear tibetan costume and squint he eye as he stare into the distance . from he p.o.v. , four distant figure walk across the snowy plain toward he . the sound of dog bark . ext . a ridge near the shepherd 's hut - dusk 211 Far below in a valley lie the legendary lhasa - the step palace and surround town burnish by the last of the golden light . a sprinkle of light come on as the shadow lengthen . ( continued ) 211 108 . continued : 211 above and beyond , like a massive wall , rise the snow - cap peak of the himalayas . this have be the view stretch out before the four fugitive and they tour - — guide , the old shepherd . as if point out the choice confront they , he label each of this spectacular feature . shepherd ( point down ) lhasa ... lha-sa ! then , indicate ' over 's the mountain - shepherd ( cont ’d ) in -di - a ! in dumb-show , he mime that the mountain would be very cold . ext . shepherd 's hut - night 212 Three horse arrive at the door of the lonely hut and its associate outbuilding . the shepherd dismount and with much bow open the door for two other tibetans who follow . one be a lama , the other a local official . they stoop as they enter - a glimpse inside to where the four survivor sit at a table , surround by bowl and plate of food . int . shepherd 's hut - night 213 the lama and the official sit opposite the group . tea be serve . the official speak English with difficulty , and as in Mongolia , he address the elder of the group - mr. smith . official India ? yes . there be the track to Sikkim , over the mountain . many people go there . smith and food ? official small village there . they give food . Wood for fire . yes , but you do not go now . close on janusz , intensely follow the conversation . ( continued ) 213 214 109 . continued : 213 janusz why can not we go now ? official if big snow come - very difficult . you wait here until spring . this family keep you . he confer with the lama . janusz ( to smith ) that 's three month . official ( indicate the lama ) he go to lhasa . get permission for to stay . only to spring . not possible foreigner stay tibet . smith bow he head , mutter thanks , all of the group do likewise . int . stable , shepherd 's hut -— night 214 the shepherd have see janusz , zoran and voss to they quarter . he pass voss a batter oil - lamp and retire with much bow . they settle on the straw cover floor , lay out they heavy wool fleece and blanket give to they by the shepherd 's wife . zoran well , we can not cross in Winter . janusz he say it be ' difficult 's . smith come in , and they make room for he in the cramped space . zoran I be go to sleep ' till spring . like a bear ina cave . what about you , mister ? smith settles with he back to the wall , draw up he sheepskin . smith I be go to lhasa . the other be stunne by this . ( continued ) 214 110 . continued : 214 smith ( cont ’d ) the lama have a contact - maybe get I out through China . there 's a U.S. military mission there . they do not like it . a feel he 's desert they , break up the team . zoran ' look after number one . 's be not that what Americans say ? smith Zoran ? zoran eventually look at he . smith ( cont ’d ) we escape . we make it . voss blow out the lamp . silvery moonlight from a small window . zoran he 's 's right . I just realize it . voss realized what ? zoran apart from a few mountain , we be there . we make it . voss not all of we . zoran no . not all of we . they thought drift back to they lose companion . zoran ( cont ’d ) what will you do , mister ? when you get home . smith ' Home 's ? zoran build metros ? smith might drift for a while . ( continued ) 214 lll . continued : ( 2 ) 214 zoran ( laugh ) have not you have enough of that ? close on janusz , hardly listen , he thought elsewhere . they late- night conversation drift over he . voss I will fight . first Germans , then Russians . zoran then re-build you church ? voss I will die fight . this statement have a oddly prophetic sound . janusz look across at he . zoran I be go to get tomasz 's picture to a newspaper , or get they publish somehow . then I be go to cook he chicken - but with extra salt just to annoy he . chuckle from the group . smith and you , janusz ? voss ( to smith ) as long as the Communists be in Poland , he can not go back . zoran they have shoot you would not they , janusz ? they settle down to sleep , outside the wind be pick up . janusz I will just keep on go . until it 's over . keep on walk . smith look through the gloom to where janusz sit - moonlight slashes the side of he face , but he can not quite see he eye . close on janusz . he 's wide awake . no think of sleep . 216 217 218 219 220 112 . 215 - omit int . stable - dawn 216 zoran and voss agitate at the discovery that janusz have go . much come and go in and out of the hut , check that he be not somewhere close by . only smith remain undisturbed as he sit with he back against the wall , the ghost of a smile on he lip . he expect nothing less . ext . himalayas - day 217 up ahead a figure , janusz , dwarf by the mountain chain , struggle on , climb toward the snow - cap pass . ext . higher pass day 218 as he climb he hear a cry , mingling with that of the wind - a voice echoing about the mountain . he ignore it for a few pace , before he look back — far below two figure wave and call ~ voss and zoran . ext . mountain slope / valley , tibet / india — dawn 219 the change from the barren mountain of tibet , to the lush green of Sikkim be abrupt and startling ~ from rocky upper reach the slope to the valley become rich in scrubby birch - wood , rhododendrons , and deciduous forest , until finally it become dense rain forest . it be with a backdrop of this luxuriant green that indian face look up toward the slope . here they watch three wild look bearded man descend toward they . the additional cost of this final leg of they journey be plainly visible on they face , and in they slow stumbling movement . they walk like automaton , only they sense fully alive . shout from the local produce a village elder , then a policeman . older child squeal with delight , while some of the very young cry out in fear , one even burst into tear - be this the dread yeti they grandfather tell they live up in the mountain peak ? ext . valley path , india — day 220 Close on janusz , voss , and zoran as the beam policeman escort they past dozen of smile face . ( continued ) 220 113 . continued : 220 this be India , a small crowd of the curious rapidly swell , until the path be line two and three deep on either side , like a welcoming crowd at the end of a marathon . small child be hold up for a better look , while hand reach out patting they back and shoulder - it 's as if they know this man have achieve something remarkable . Close on janusz , as amongst the sound of the gather crowd other voice join in , cheer voice , hundred of they , rise in volume until the cheer change into that of a chant , now seemingly swell by thousand of voice . still close on janusz walk as behind he the indian scene dissolves into a series of black and white image . ( throughout , the image of janusz walk be from this scene in India ) . - victory in europe . crowd celebrate in trafalgar square ... super , ' v.e. day , 1945 's janusz walk . - fighting in budapest , the uprising against the communist government ... super , ' hungarian uprising , 1956 's janusz walk . ~ the berlin wall be built , some attempt escape . a man be shot as he climb the wall ... super , ' berlin wall 1961 " janusz walk . ~ russian tank in prague , confront demonstrator ... super , ' prague uprising , 1968 's janusz walk . -lech walesa address striking miner at gdansk shipyard , poland ... super ' solidarity movement , poland , 19807 janusz walk . - the berlin wall coming down . shout and cheer from the ecstatic crowd on both side ... super ' berlin wall come down , 19897 janusz walk . - crowd in warsaw celebrate there freedom ... super , ' poland free , 19897 janusz walk . 222 revise 2/10/09 ( Blue ) 114 . ext . a house , poland - day 221 the camera move toward a gate in a hedge . the click of the latch as it open . a downward view of the flagstone . the front door , the camera pan leave . the loose brick . a hand into frame remove a key from behind the brick . into the lock of the door , the door push open . int . house , poland - day 222 a woman sit by a window . she 's in she early seventies , and she look up expectantly on hearing the door close in the hallway . at the entrance to the room appear a young man in Polish cavalry uniform - young janusz , as he be just before the war . he smile at he wife . cut back to the seat by the window to see he pretty young wife , as she be back in 1939 . young janusz , smile broadly , cross toward she . cut back to he wife of 1989 - on she face there be line of suffer which fade as she smile up at he . she 's wait a long time for he to come home . on janusz now as he sit opposite she , and for the first time we see he as he be in 1989 - also in he early seventies . without a word he reach across the table and take she hand in he . fade to black .