the rookie written by Mike Rich 98 mph production , Inc 1901 E. 51st Street Austin , TX 78723 512-320-0636 for you consideration best original screenplay e C no reproduction of any portion of this script can be made without the express written consent of the walt disney company fade in : ( 1 ext . west TEXAS high desert - day a barren landscape that stretch forever , flat - top mesa in the distant background . no building , no people ... only a lonely wind that stir the dust from the desert floor jimmy ( v.0 . ) there be a story tell in the town of Big Lake , Texas . a story of the town 's beginning ... a ancient oil rig come into view ; long since dry up , with tumbleweed choke its foundation . jimmy ( v.o , ) ( cont 'd ) it be the story of the Santa rita number one , the birthplace of west Texas oil . as with most oil legend , there be a man who believe oil be right beneath he foot , and , as with most oil legend , there be no one who believe he . the wind swirl the dust higher , and as it settles ... ~ 2 ext . west TEXAS vista ~ decade ago ... two nun , each hold a basket of yellow rose petal . jimmy ( v.0 . ) except , in this case , for two nun , who in 1923 believe in the man 's dream and be willing to invest money no one know they have . they priest shook he head and offer only one small piece of advice . the nun toss a handful cf the petal high into the sky . jimmy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) bless the site with rise petal of yellow and invoke the help of Saint rita , the patron saint of impossible dream . the petal flutter to the ground ... and in the background . 3 ext . dusty baseball field - decade ago ...€@ baseball field , more accurately a patch of dirt . oil worker be play a baseball game ... and play well . ( continued ) continued : 3 jimmy ( v.0 . ) for and while the worker wait for the oil ' that would eventually come , they play baseball . the worker --- dirty , no uniform ~-- turn a double play . jimmy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) play baseball so well that some be able to give up the dirt and the despair , and go on to play major league ball in the glory day of Ruth and gehrig . the oil worker toss a pitch and the batter hit it high , very high , into the air . and while the ball fly lazy in the dusty air , the blue sky turn . gray and the dust turn into snowflake . jimmy ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I have tell that story many time . the bless , the baseball , the dream . never know ... that I be really tell it to myself . title : base on a true story the ball begin to settle ... ext . connecticut - day 4 ..- and it 's catch by a young boy in the snow - cover front yard of he home . jimmy morris , 12 , stand on a pitching mound of snow , ready bl to throw another pitch . title : groton , connecticut 1973 * young jimmy ( whisper the play by play ) first game in the big league ... and Jimmy Morris have a no-hitter go ... his friend , a snow - cover catcher , be already complain ... snow - cover catcher Jimmy , do not throw it so hard . my hand be cold . Jimmy unload a fastball and the catcher duck out of the - way . the ball disappear into the snow . ( ( continued ) continued : 2 young jimmy hey ! whatcha doin 's ?! snow-covered catcher waitin 's till spring . that 's what I be doin’ . Jimmy 's mother , olline ( go by Ollie ) , late 20' , call out from the side door . ollie Jimmy ! ( he turn ) you father and I need to talk to you . the joy of the moment , of play in the snow , be go . Jimmy know the news will not be good . young jimmy ( to he friend ) see ya int . kitchen - day Jimmy sit at the kitchen table ; he young brother , kael , 8 , a few foot away Jimmy 's father , jim sr. , 30 , navy through and through , stand military upright , sip coffee as he look out at the snow . when he turn to look at Jimmy , Jimmy realize he still have he cap and on and remove it lest he feel he father 's wrath . Ollie set a cup of hot chocolate in front of Jimmy -- ollie I hear Virginia 's real nice ~~ then position herself at the end of the room next to she husband . ollie ( cont 'd ) least that 's what the navy folk tell you dad ... be not that right Jim ? Jim sr. continue to stare out the window . young jimmy we will just be movin’ again . {continued } 3a . 5 continued : 5 jim sr . ( right at Jimmy ) it 's my job to decide when we move . it 's you job to make the best of it . ( ( continued ) 5 continued : 5 ollie Jim ?... ( off he hard lock ) please ? Ollie do not want it get worse . she say to she son ... ollie ( cont 'd ) who know ... maybe they will not have as much snow down there . 6 int . bedroom ~- night late at night . Jimmy be in he bed , toss a baseball into the air ... catch it as it fall back . young jimmy Jimmy Morris ... with another masterful pitching performance ... he hold the ball for a second , silently , and as he start to toss it again ... young jimmy ( cont ‘d ) .--. well on he way ... the ball rise in the darkness , reach its peak , and a blue sky become the background . it fall into ... 7 ext . virginia back yard - day -.. Jimmy 's glove . he 's outside , a few month older , all by himself ... young jimmy ...to another World Series title . title : roanoke , virginia .-.no catcher , just Jimmy and a chain link fence bent - in a bit by too many hard pitch . he throw . ..clank . young jimmy ( cont ’d ) ..- and the side be retire ... he run toward the ball . through the slide glass door ollie jimny ! Jimmy stop for a moment , hope it 's not .. { continued ) continued : 7 ollie ( cont 'd ) you father and I need to talk to you . ... but it be . so much for Virginia be nice . he drop he head in disappointment ... when he raise it , we be -— ext . florida baseball field - day «++- and the solitude of the backyard be replace by the sound of a Little League baseball gama ; clap , encouragement . Jimmy , a few month older , shake off a sign , then nod to he catcher . title : hollywood , florida Jimmy scour the bleacher — dozen of fan . dozen of father . but not he own . he collect himself and finger the ball . voice from the crowd C ’mon Jimmy ! Jimmy exhales , disappointed , and toss a pitch . it make a sizzling sound as it sail in and the young batter do not even swing , overwhelm . little league umpire Strike threei and the game be over as teammate run in to congratulate jimny . ext . florida baseball field - later Jimmy and two of he teammate , bobby and MARK , walk in front of the bleacher . each of the kid be work on a snowcone . MARK I nve see you pitch same good game Jimmy , but you be on fire today . a few of the spectator walk by , one take a moment to say ... little league fan Nice game Jimmy . young jimmy thanks . {continued } continued : 9 Jimmy 's a step or so ahead of he friend , as if he 's ina hurry to get somewhere . bobby you keep strikin 's out that many , coach will be buyin 's a lot more snowcone ... .». but Jimmy barely hear a word , toss the rest of he own snowcone in a garbage can and hopping on he bicycle . MARK . hey ! you be not comin’ to the pizza place ? young jimmy ( already push he bike ) Nah , I get somethin’ I want to do . he pedal off , waste no time ... young jimmy ( cont 'd ) I x11 catch up later . .«.. and he friend watch he go . il ext . florida naval base - day the sun be still high above the palm tree as Jimmy ride he bike , zipping between naval officer walk on the sidewalk . he drop he bike at a tiny office building ... and run in . int . navy motor pool ~ continuous Jim sr. , in perfect uniform , be leaf through some file . ( continued } 10 11 om , of continued : 1 young jimmy hey dad ... jim sr . Jimmy ... Jimmy wait , anxious for he father to ask he about the game . Jim sr. open a file and without look up ... jim sr . ( cont 'd ) mmhmm ? young jimmy I have a good game . thirteen strikeout . jim sr . ( without look up ) you win ? Jimmy nod . Jim sr. realize it 's the wrong file . he put it back , pluck another and turn toward he desk , not catch the disappointed look of a young man who no be hope for more in the way of praise from he father . after a second , Jimmy turn to go . jim sr . ( cont ’d ) I just find out ... there 's a chance we may be re-stationed again . young jimmy ( stunne ) how much of a chance ? Jim sr. do not answer right away , provide Jimmy with all the answer he need . they have be down this road before . jim sr . it 's in west Texas . the navy want I to be a recruiter there . young jimmy Texas ? when ? jim sr . Three week . young jimmy dad ... we still get half we season to play . jim sr . I be aware of that . { continued ) 8 . 11 continued : ( 2 ) 11 @ young jimmy lo maybe I could stay with ... jim sr . we move as a family . - a awkward break in the conversation as the two stare at each other . jim sr . ( cont ' D ) I do not have a choice in this . young jimmy ( wait a moment before ... ) what kind of baseball they have ? jim sr . ( difficult pause ) they do not. ( beat ) '' I hear they might be startin’ some summer ball . the devastation on Jimmy 's face be plain . he whisper ... e young jimmy : yes sir ... '' ..- before he get up and run from the room , not want he father to see he lose it . 12 ext .- florida water '' ~ day a cae 12 Jimmy , Mark and Bobby float on innerntube ... slowly spin as they casually splash the water on each side . - young jimmy San Diego , persidio , San Francisco , Key West ... MARK I think you be in Key West three * time ? young jimmy Key West , Key West , Key West , waukegan , groton , Virginia Beach , roanoke ... ( continued ) 12 13 14 15 continued : MARK Florida ... bobby ..and Texas . Jimmy do not say anything . MARK you mom say if you be good enough , it do not matter where you live . right ? young jimmy mom do not know nuthin’ ' bout baseball . ext . west TEXAS high desert ~- day 13 Texas . oil rig rhythmically pump away on the dry horizon . int . car - day 1 the Morris family car , u-haul in tow , cut a straight arrow path across the barren landscape . Jim sr. be at the wheel Ollie on the passenger side . Jimmy and kael sit in the back . kael what be that thing ? young jimmy what ? kael that thing goin ' up and down . jim sr . oil rig . when that thing be movin 's up and down ... mean time be good ... ( look out ) look like time be good kael watch the flat - land pass by . kael when do we get to see tree again ? int . car - day 15 the car approach a small Texas community , the sign outside the town limit offer the overly - cheerful word ... ( continued ) 10 . continued : 15 welcome to big lake population 600 everything's great in big lake ! the family stare at the tiny town , see nothing more than a smatter of small business and dust . ollie look okay . young jimmy you say that every place . ollie yeah , but this time I mean it . young jimmy you say that every place too . ext . MAIN STREET - day '' the station wagon pass business and pedestrian . * 16 ext . TEXAS home ~ day 16 the back of the u- haul be open and box be spread out on ves the front lawn . dry patch of brown grass be scattered { around on the bone - dry red clay . Ollie walk from inside the trailer , she hand on she hip ollie we must nve leave some of ‘em back in Florida . dim sr. stack box . kael check out the drainage ditch . while Jimmy paw through a box . * jim sr . Left what ? ollie I pack a couple box of sock and thing . I coulda swear ... Jimmy close the lid on one of the box ollie ( cont 'd ) Jimmy ? do you find that one box ... ( and it dawns on she ) .-- oh no . {continued } 16 17 18 be continued : 16 young jimmy it 's okay , Mom . * ollie do not worry honey , we will find it . jim sr . I have never know a boy gettin’ upset over losin 's he sock . ollie his glove be in there . dim sr. keep move box and notice the downcast look on he son 's face . jim sr . quit you mope and grab a box . * but Jimmy do not jump to . * jim sr . ( cont 'd ) * do you hear I ? * Jimmy , for maybe the first time in he life , stare right at * he father without back down . Jim sr. feel it , too , grab * a box and carry it over to he son . * jim sr . ( cont 'd ) * {right at Jimmy ) * there be more important thing in life * than baseball . sooner you figure that * out , the better . * he force the box into Jimmy 's hand . after another beat , * Jimmy give in , turn and carry the box toward the house . * ext . '' big lake MAIN STREET - day 17 Jimmy take he bike on its first journey into downtown Big Lake . the car be park in old style diagonal spot . he spot what he 's look for ... a small clothing and dry good store . int . store ~ day 18 Jimmy be give the sock a ambivalent once~over , but he attention be draw to the sound of voice come from the back room , {continued ) continued : 18 he wander to the open and find three men , all 50 or so , play dominos . the conversation between henry , frank and cal be a animated one frank one...billion ... dollar . pay to the order of Chrysler Corporation . sign , the lame head Congress of the United States . cal one and a half billion . henry gentlemen , let 's not forget this be a landmark american business we be talk about . frank if it 's such a landmark business , how come it need a billion dollar of taxpayer money ? cal one and a half billion . frank ' scuze I Cal . one and a half billion . you wanna answer that one for I Henry ? Henry be dress a touch more professionally than Frank and Cal , wear a shirt , vest and bow tie henry because if we do not give they one ... ( look at Cal ) ..and_a half billion dollar , they will not be around when we finally get tired of buy this japanese car . cal Cars that be burnin’ we oil . frank lemme tell you somethin’ . this .. ( butcher the name ) ... Lee ivacocus guy . I guarantee within two year , three top , he all run that company right out of business . nootice Jimmy ) ai not that right young man ? ( continued ) 18 ce : 19 20 13 continued : ( 2 ) 18 Jimmy shrug , not want any part of the conversation . Henry turn to help he customer . henry eileen ?... ( after a beat ) must be at lunch . help you find something ? young jimmy sock . henry sock we have ... Henry stand and walk toward the open into the clothing area . henry ( cont ’d ) ... in contrast to common sense , which we seem to be a little short on today int . henry 's store - second later 19 Henry , the gentleman of the town , point to the sock henry Black sock , brown sock , white sock . take you pick . Jimmy look . henry ( cont 'd ) visit ? young jimmy we just move here henry fhold out he hand ) well then , I '' Henry sampson young jimmy ( shake it Jimmy Morris . henry welcome to Big Lake Jimmy Morris . int . henryn store - moment later 20 the cash register ring . Henry have the sock bag and ready to go , but Jimmy 's still look around the store ( continued ) 20 21 22 14 . continued : 20 henry : i’1l know where it be ... faster than you be gonna find it . young jimmy get any baseball stuff ? henry Baseball stuff ? ( shake he head ) not much call for baseball stuff ' round this part . now if it be football ? be a different story . Jimmy look deject . Henry see the look ... and warm to it . he reach under the counter . henry ( cont ’d ) however ... might have a catalog that can help we out . the deject look fade and Jimmy walk to the counter . Henry lick he thumb as he leaf through the page . henry ( cont ’d ) y'know ... if you nre a baseball fan , ( — there 's a story in this town you should * know about . young jimmy think you say nobody here care about . baseball ? wear aemanaty henry oh ... they care about this . ext . west TEXAS vista - day 21 Jimmy push he bicycle from the road onto the dusty site of the Santa rita . he jump from he bike and let it tumble . the old rig still rhythmically pump . up. down . ext . west TEXAS vista - day 22 the oil rig be in the background as Jimmy move to the parched old baseball field , barely recognizable . he see where the mound once be and lightly scoot he foot across the chunk of wood that serve as the pitching rubber decade ago . a , ( continued ) 22 23 240 25 be . continued : 22 make certain no one be around , Jimmy go into a wind - up and throw a imaginary pitch toward home . he look to where home plate might have be , but there 's nothing to see ... nothing except the oil rig 's relentless motion . ..- up and down ...up and down ... dissolve to : ... and then it 's still . Dust have gather on the Santa rita and weed have sproute all around the historic rig . stand on the pitching mound , where a 12 year old boy be play just second before ... year before ... ext . west TEXAS vista - present day 23 - .. be Jimmy , mere than twenty year older , stare at the sun come out of the east , he scoot he foot , almost reverently , along the old mound and then walk toward he beat - up pick up truck , park where the bike have be year ago . ext . big lake MAIN STREET - day 24 it 's early morning , springtime , but the faint shimmer from the town that Jimmy grow up in be now go . severai~of=the-windows '' be crack and dirty , a few of the small shop be out of business . Jimmy drive he truck along Main Street . he look straight ahead , have see it thousand of time before . ext . big lake high school - day 24a Jimmy pull into the parking lot of Big Lake High , dirt and dust cover most of the vehicle . he park he truck . int . big lake high school ~- moment later 25 Jimmy walk the hall of he old school ... now as a teacher . he pass the janitor , who clean the glass on the trophy case . jimmy ( -.. take time to say ... ) mornin 's Ray . ( continued ) 25 15a . continued : 25 janitor mornin 's . it 's a diverse ethnic mix : a few black , even fewer white , a majority of hispanics . two young female student visit in front of they locker ... they notice Jimmy ... female student good morning , Mr. Morris . jimmy Karen , first period math start when ? karen couple of minute . ( continued ) nr wo 26 continued : 16 . 25 jimmy and Lisa , how long do it take to get to the other side of the building ? lisa be this a story problem mister Morris ? jimmy it will be if you do not get movin’ . the two girl smile as Jimmy walk away . it 's obvious he 's not just any teacher to this kid . int . classroom - day 26 chemistry lab be in session . Jimmy wander in between the lab station ... work to connect with he kid . jimmy the mass number of a atom be the sum of the ... what , Maria ? maria ...proton . jimmy sum mean we be add , so we have get two item , right ? the kid be stump . jimmy ( cont ’d ) do not make it too hard . what be we add ? proton and ... maria neutron ? jimmy 'approach another station ) and David , that proton and neutron be inside of ... what ? david the. . .nucleus ? jimmy do not say it like a question . you think you know it , say it like you know it . david the nucleus . ( continued ) 26 continued : 26 jimmy congratulation . go home tonight and tell you parent you figure out the mass number of a atom . Jimmy move on to the next group . 27 int . administration office - day 27 Jimmy walk into the office , greeting the receptionist . jimmy mornin 's esther . esther mornin 's Jimmy . he walk to he mailbox , one of about two dozen on the wali jimmy any more rattlesnake on the playground ? esther not since Tuesday . maybe it 's just I but I swear that thing show up every time the oil business go bad . jimmy ( leaf through he mail they gonna bring the kid in ? esther they nre thinkin’ ' bout it . oimmy this family get enough to worry about a attractive woman , lorri , early 30 ' S , walk through . . lorri coach jimmy counselor . as she pass , she surreptitiously pinch he butt ... smile as she leave . esther 's 's eye never leave she desk . jimmy ( cont ’d ) do not report that , esther . esther I never do . 18 . =xt . big lake park - night the weekly Big Lake softball game be in the iate inning , a fact make painfully obvious by the hot and weary lock wear by the slightly overweight , very out - of - shape , competitor . the umpire sit in a lawn chair behind home plate , guard the beer cooler . Jimmy be pitching ... and loop a very lazy underhand pitch . the basis be full . the batter do not swing . umpire Ball two . jimmy sammy ... sometimes it help if you swing that thing on you shoulder . sammy I be waitin’ for my pitch . jimmy I have be throwin’ you pitch . Jimmy loft another pitch . no swing . it 's close ... but ... umpire Ball three . from the stand ... Jimmy 's son , hunter , 9 , yell out ... hunter c'mon dad ... strike he out ! sammy nstart to work jimmy} hey Big League . you gonna walk I in front of you own son ? jimmy you want you pitch ? sammy Jimmy Morris , gonna walk in a run . just like back in summer ball . Jimmy toss a pitch ... and sammy crush it . the ball sail beyond the outfielder and the runner clear the basis . for just the shortest of moment , Jimmy watch the ball sail away ... as if watch he own past . the moment 's break by ... ( continued ) 28 1s . continued : 28 sammy ( cont 'd ) ( run ) hey Morris . woulda be ball four anyway Jimmy , now smile , toss he glove toward sammy . int . big lake cafe ~ night 29 Frank 's cafe be not exactly bustling as Jimmy and Hunter walk in for dinner . frank * hey , hey , boy night out . * jimmy * two basket with fries Frank . * Cal and Henry sit at the counter . Frank cook in the kitchen , close enough to see they ... and , of course , talk to they . nat king cole 's '' the christmas song 's blare throughout the small , empty restaurant . * cal all I be sayin 's ... be listen to Sinatra when he be with Dorsey , and listen to he when he be on he own . { ( greet Jimmy and Hunter ) . Jimmy know what I be talkin ' about . jimmy no , no . I be stayin 's out of this one . cal ( to Frank ) the man grow as a singer . frank and nat King Cole do not ? cal you listen ... we will talk . Jimmy and Hunter sit next to the two man . henry Frank and Cal have be discuss the vocal merit of Frank Sinatra and nat King Cole . for about a hour now . jimmy hey Frank , be not it a little late to be ( . play this song ? ( continued } 29 continued : frank it 's 7:30 . jimmy it 's March . frank it 's too good to play for only a month . ( beat ) Hunter , you gonna want cheese on this ? hunter yes sir . cal besides ... he smoke three pack a day . henry who ? cal nat King Cole . think it make he voice deeper . frank oh...and Sinatra be the poster child for vocal care ? cal who die in he 40n ? you take care of yourself ... thing work out . henry oh , yeah , well what about Jimmy ? he take good care of himself . how many surgeries be it , Jimmy ? four ? Jimmy do not have to answer . they all know that 's the number . hunter they put this thing from he ankle up in he shoulder . the three man cringe . cal we be talkin’ about singin’ , not pitchin’ . and , Hunter , do we a favor and do not tell we that bit about the ankle anymore . 20 . 29 ( continued ) tenn + 29 30 21 . continued : ( 2 } 29 frank qo mel torme . in June . '' henry what ... be you talk about now ? frank mel torme write the Christmas song . on a beach somewhere . Jack frost be not nippin 's at any nose that day . ext . big lake cafe - night 30 Jimmy and Hunter walk to the truck , the rest of the parking spot empty . hunter dad ? ( Jimmy wait for the question ) you arm ever hurt anymore ? jimmy ~ only when I drag you out of bed in the morning for school . nsee Hunter be serious ) I be just kiddin’ bud . it have not hurt : for a long time , ( hunter how long ? jimmy where 's this comin’ from ? hunter I be just wonderin’ . they get in the truck . jimmy let 's see . it never hurt in high school ' cause we do not have a team . never hurt in junior college , which be why I get * draft ... ( long beat ) -.- and then , .. it start hurtin’ . '' hunter that why you do not make it ? jimmy it 's never one thing . aon { ( continved ) 32 33 22 . continued : 30 Jimmy start the truck and bring a end to the conversation ext . big lake highway - night 31 Jimmy 's drive back home , Hunter already fast asleep next to he . he slow down as he see the field where he play he american legion ball as a young man . Jimmy pull the truck to a stop and keep the headlight on to illuminate the pitching mound . he get out , softly close the door so as not to disturb he son , and reach in the truck bed . in one hand , a glove ; in the other , a burlap sack . Jimmy get to the mound , not a soul in sight , and pull a baseball from the sack . his arm stretch out , loosen , and then he casually toss a pitch toward home . nothing more than a lazy pitch , a routine that for Jimmy be a way to relax ... the same as read might be for other . the pattern repeat . silhouette . the ball clanging into the chain -link backstop . int . bedroom ~- night 32 a baby 's cry cut through the 4:10 am darkness ; not a painful cry , just the one tell Mom and dad it 's time to get up . lorri toss the cover aside and groan as she look at the clock . Jimmy stir as if he might be get up . jimmy I will get she . lorri be this a real '' I will get she '' ... or be you waitin’ for I to say '' go back to sleep . '' jimmy I have not decide . lorri go back to sleep . int . jamie 's bedroom - night 33 lorri pick up jamie , eight month old , and start to comfort she . she turn and see a sleepy Jimmy in the door . ( continued ) 33 34 23 . continued : 33 jimmy . I need to get up anyway { lorri what you need be more sleep . jimmy ( do not protest ) okay . he start to turn .. lorri how would everything go last night ? jimmy sammy take I deep and Hunter and I get to ten to Frank and Cal argue about whether nat King Cole be a better singer than Frank Sinatra . lorri I think they already have that argument ? jimmy ( head out the door ) ' Bout once a week . see ya in a hour . '' lorri smile and settles into a rock chair with Jamie , . quietly sing a lullabye . int . chemistry lab - day 34 * Jimmy enter he classroom , but it 's too early for any of the student to be there . instead ... he find principal phil mckinney , 50 , very TEXAS , use a chemistry burner to warm he cup of coffee . jimmy Morning phil , mckinney mornin 's Jim . there be not nuthin’ over here gonna hurt I , be there ? jimmy besides that coffee ? mckinney be principal for ten year ( turn the flame off .. still waitin’ for a decent cup . ( {continued ) 34 continued : 34 jimmy ( know he 's there for a reason ) what 's up ? mckinney think we might go for a walk . 34a int . big lake high school hallway - day 34a mckinney and Jimmy stroll down the hallway , head for the main door to the school . mckinney you hear I have to bring the kid in yesterday ? jimmy snake ? mckinney sewer. 35 ext . big lake baseball field - day 35 mckinney and Jimmy walk in the outfield of the dry - up high school baseball field mckinney Jimmy , I nve always be honest with my teacher ...‘ cause it 's the only way I know . Jimmy say nothing , listen mckinney ( cont 'd ) we give baseball a try a few year back , basically as a way to keep some of the kid busy between basketball and football . ( beat ) football 's religion and the basketball program 's do fine . {a short pause ) fact of the matter be ... we be not seein 's much when it come to baseball . jimmy we get a good group comin’ back . mckinney ..- you get ten kid who be lucky to win one game last year . that be not much of a team . ( continued ) 35 continued : 35 Jimmy bite he lip and look away . both man come to a stop mckinney ( cont 'd ) one of this kid break a arm ... or they parent have to up and leave because the oil 's dry up ... oknow it 's hurt Jimmy ) ... we can not play . jimmy you sayin 's what I think you be sayin’ ? mckinney 's silence answer the question . ( continued ) os , 36 37 38 continued : ( 2 ) 35 jimmy ( cont 'd ) phil ... the only two thing that keep this town goin 's be oil and ranching . and ever since I have be here , one of the two 's be dry up . ( mckinney smile at the truth ) now they both be . it 's phil 's turn to listen . jimmy ( cont 'd ) Baseball 's the only thing some of this kid have . do not take it away too . mckinney ( wait a moment before ... ) s'your team . ext . big lake baseball field ~ day 36 nine player be scattered around the field , most wear they year - old big lake owl tee shirt . Jimmy have a bat over he shoulder and a equipment bag in he hand as he walk to the plate . a tenth player run up ... tenth player coach ... I forget my glove . without a word and without break stride , Jimmy hand he the bag . the young player start paw through it . jimmy {to himself ) ten player . nine glove . ext . dugout - continuous 47 Hunter shadow he father , as he always do . he prop the bat just so against the fence , make certain the bat helmet be in a precise line . ext . big lake baseball field ~ continuous 38 a ball thump into the catcher 's glove as Jimmy arrive at the plate . joel , 17 flip the ball to he coach . jimmy how they look ? joel couple of hole . ( continued ) 26 continued : 38 simmy swat a ground ball to second base . jimmy let 's get one . rudy , 17 , scoops up the ball and . toss it to first base where joe david , 17 , catch it . joe david otoss it home } coach , they puttin’ down any grass this year ? rudy man ... it 's a goat track out here . Jimmy get set to hit the ball ... jimmy still waitin’ for the seed to take . .. and he send a lazy grounder to shortstop . joaquin , 17 , hispanic , be down on one knee , give the infield dirt a once over . the bail skip right over he head joaquin what seed ? Jimmy do not even turn to he catcher , but mutter to he jimmy one of the hole ? joel yes sir . the ball trickle into the outfield . joaquin ai not no grass seed here . he stand up ... jimmy joaquin ... the ball sizzle in from the outfield , but joaquin 's kick the dirt in front of he . Jimmy yell out he nickname . . jimmy ( cont ’d ) wack ! ( continued ) 38 264 continued : ( 2 ) 38 .. and joaquin casually turn just as the ball arrive from the outfield . have he not turn , it might have hit he in the back of the head , but instead ... hé snag it effortlessly . joaquin ( toss it home ) how come we get dirt ... {continued ) 38 39 27 continued : ( 3 ) 38 he point to the football field across the street , sprinkler lazily spraying water on the lush carpet of green . joaquin ( cont 'd ) ..and the football field look like Tiger Woods 's backyard ? rudy they do not even play for six month . dimmy send another grounder toward short ... a sharp one . jimmy hey guy ? why do not you let I worry about the field ... this time the ball roll through wack 's leg , he hand on he hip . joaquin you plan on worryin’ anytime soon ? Jimmy 's patience run thin . jimmy wack , what do you say you get some of you runnin’ in early today . joaquin yeah ... in 11 get my runnin’ in . he drop he glove in a manner suggest it 's not the first time this have happen . wack take off in a lazy jog toward the outfield , kick up dirt and sarcastically cough as he go . Jimmy have to suppress a smile . he hit another ground ball ... jimmy alright , let 's bring it home . ext . big lake baseball field ~ later 39 the player be go , all except for Jimmy , Joel and Hunter . Joel be stack he gear , while Jimmy gather some stray baseball by the mound . Hunter bag everything else . joel hey coach ? ( Jimmy look over ) you wanna throw ? ( continued ) 39 28 . continued : 39 joel hey coach ? ( Jimmy look over ) you wanna throw ? simmy stand up , drop the last ball in the burlap bag . joel ( cont 'd ) I have see you out at the legion field . at night . ( beat } y¥‘know sometimes if you throw ... work - better if you get somebody catchin’ . Joel toss a ball a couple of foot in the air . it pplops into he glove . joel ( cont 'd ) Ball ... glove . that kind of thing . for a second , Jimmy look as if he will politely refuse , but .. jimmy might throw a couple . ext . big lake baseball field ~- moment later 40 Joel catch one of the warm - up toss . it 's nothing special , produce nothing more than a soft thud as it hit the glove . joel how come you throw out there ? all by yourself ? jimmy ( continue to throw ) be doin 's it forever . help I relax , I guess . the lazy game of catch continue . joel so ... back when you be really throwin’ . how fast could you bring it ? jimmy I dunno . eighty-four ... eighty -five . Hunter settles in on the bleacher to watch he father . joel that 's not bad . ( continued ) 40 29 . continued : 40 jimmy it be when the other guy 's throwin’ 90 . joel let 's see you bring one . jimmy can not . Promised too many doctor . joel c'mon man ... one 's not gonna hurt ya .. oopen and close mitt ) feed I . Jimmy catch the ball and hold it for a second . Joel dig he cleat in , he glove a tempting invitation . Hunter lean forward , curious . Joel nod and Jimmy sizzle a pitch across the plate . it hit Joel 's glove with a loud popping sound . Joel be motionless , hold the ball right where it hit . then he shake he mitt - he hand hurt . joel ( cont 'd ) whoa . ( he stand to toss it back ) where have that come from ? Jimmy catch the ball . his eye be in a different time . jimmy forget how good that sound . Joel settles back in ... and there be ... ... a flurry of pitch : pop...pop ... thwack . each crush into the catcher 's glove . one last pop . Joel stand and walk to the mound . joel how fast you think that be comin‘ ? jimmy not as fast as you think . ( beat ) do I a favor ... let keep this one between we . joel sure . Hunter arrive at the mound on Joel 's last word . {continued } 40 4l 42 30 . continued : ( 2 ) 40 hunter I could barely see that last one ! jimmy go for you too . no tellin 's Mom , okay ? hunter how come ? jimmy that 's my job , that 's how come . ext . park - day 41 lorri sit on a blanket , try to make sure the stack of papers she 's work on do not blow away . Jamie 's asleep just behind she . Hunter zip by , fast enough that he take a few of the papers with he . Jimmy , not zipping , be a couple of stride behind . lorri Hunter James ! jimmy ( gather some of the papers ) important stuff ? lorri oh , only some college application I need to review by tomorrow . ( look at one ) complete with footprint . jimmy s'what happen when you get in the way of a boy headin’ for a playground . he see they down by the swingset : Hunter climb aboard while five year old jessica be already riding high . Jimmy 's father be lightly push she . Jimmy 's smile fade lorri nsee the look ) be good . ext . park - day 42 Jimmy approach the swingset and jessica pop out of the swing and run to he . { continued ) 31 . 42 continued : 42 jessica daddy ! jimmy nscoop she up ) hey baby ... how high have you get ? jessica grandpa push I way high ! jimmy I see . Jimmy glance at he father and the distance between the two be obvious . Jimmy put jessica down . jimmy ( cont ’d ) jessie hon , why do not you go see if you mom need any help with Jamie . she scamper away jim sr . they nre growin ' fast . jimmy kid have a way of doin’ that . jim sr . ( nod ) thing okay at school ? he 's try , but Jimmy will not nibble . jimmy thing be fine . Hunter 's really reach to the sky . jimmy ( cont 'd ) Hunter , bring it down a bit bud . hunter but dad ... jimmy I say ... bring it down ! jim sr . he 's okay . Jimmy carefully hold he hand out to slow Hunter down , ( continued ) a 42 continued : ( 2 ) 42 jimmy ( cont 'd ) let 's see what kind of food you mom 's hidin ' from we up there hunter but I just get start . jimmy we can do some more aiter dinner . disappointed , Hunter trudge off toward the blanket and Jimmy turn to follow he son . Jim sr. stay behind ... and watch they walk away . 42a ext . morris home - night 42a establishing shot of Jim and lorri ' 's home . 43 ext . morris front porch - night 43 Jimmy and lorri sit on the step of they front porch . he have he arm drape around she and she lean against he . both hold glass of wine lorri you dad 's tryin' hon . tryin 's to straighten out a lot of thing . jimmy why do not you straighten out the rest of that bottle . she reach for the bottle and pour the last of it . jimmy ( cont 'd ) nothing like wine buy with a Chevron credit card . lorri put the bottle down . lorri well = I know what a demand consumer you can be . jimmy yeah ? lorri mmhmm . lorri rest she head on Jimmy 's shoulder again . ( continued ) 324 43 continued : a3 jimmy I throw today .. and she quickly sit upright , turn . .. concerned {continued} 43 continued : 43 jimmy I throw today . ... an@ she quickly sit upright , turn ... concerned . jimmy ( cont ’d ) to Joel . after practice . lorri you throw ? how hard ? Jimmy remember how good it feel . he want she to know that but he also do not want she worry . jimmy pretty hard . there 's no settling back on he shoulder , not for awhile . so much for not worry . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I will stop if it start hurtin’ . promise . lorri get up and open the screen door . lorri I gotta check on the kid . 44 ext . big lake baseball field - day ( game one - home } 44 the season opener . Jimmy encourage he team from the dugout while the rest of the player sit on the bench . jimmy c'mon rudy ! the baseball field be still dusty , the stand almost empty . the pitcher on the oppose team toss a pitch and rudy watch it go by . umpire Strike three . game over . the scoreboard read : visitors 6 owl 2 jimmy alright , good effort . ( rudy enter the dugout ) it 's only one . wack , who be on deck , take off he bat helmet . ( continued ) @- omitted 34 . a ro 35 . int . big lake high school hallway - night 46 Jimmy walk down the hallway , classroom paperwork from after the game tuck under he arm . he pass the janitor , already push he broom . janitor {quietly as Jimmy pass ) I know why you grass be not grow . Jimmy stop ... and look back . ext . big lake high baseball field - night 47 the janitor flick on a bank of light and three deer , not even consider run , raise they head . a couple second later they drop they head and resume nibble away at the baseball field . {continued ) 47 48 continued : both man laugh and the animal perk they head up ... the deer look for another second ... and then resume eat . janitor usually get three or four out here every night . jimmy so I put the seed down ... they pick it up . janitor once it come in , they do not like it as much . s' why the football field look good . jimmy yeah ...oc maybe the football guy be payin 's this deer off with all that budget money . jimmy ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) hey ! go on ... get outta here ! jimmy ( cont ’d ) think deer be snpose to be skittish . int . henry nos store - day Henry , Frank and Cal be play card . Jimmy sit table , but be content to sip on a cup of coffee . henry how many this job application you plannin’ to send out ? jimmy many as it take , I guess . henry ( shake he head ) the young man who buy sock from I after a dozen move . thinkin 's of movin’ himself . jimmy that be different . henry always be . Henry examine he card as he sort they all out . at the 36 , 47 48 ( continued ) * 37 . 48 continued : 48 Henry examine he card as he sort they all out . frank Jimmy , I hear you have diagnose the problem with that baseball field of yours . cal you mean he potential field . jimmy diagnose part 's right . it 's the curin’ ' part I be havin’ trouble with . Cal look at Frank . frank I ' 1l take five . henry same thing happen at my place couple of spring back . jimmy yeah ? what have you do ? henry ( nod to Cal ) five. {to Jimmy ) how many game you have on that field , next couple of week ? cal ( deal himself } .-. I do believe I will take five myself jimmy we play there on Friday , then we nre not back till the end of the month . cal ( knock on the table ) pot 's right . henry can you keep you boy off it that long ? practice and everything ? jimmy Henry , why do I think this be something 's I do not wanna know abour {continued } 49 38 . continued : :2 ) 438 frank ='m gonna use two of my old one , if that 's alright with everyone . Frank grab two of he old card . nobody blink . henry tell you what . give I three week , I '11 have that field greener than Dublin on Saint Patrick ' 's 's day. otoss some chip in ) and I promise ... 1o 1l only ask for one thing in return . ext . big lake high baseball field - day 49 a few minute from the start of practice ... and the boy be goof off . Joe David toss a wild pitch from the mound , wild enough that wack almost have to jump to swing at it . jimmy ( walk toward the mound ) where 's rudy ? joe david locker room . somethin’ to do with only havin 's one shoe . Jimmy wave for the ball from Joel . jimmy gimme the ball . joaquin you nre throwin 's bat practice ? ( dig in ) man ... talk about bein’ in the right place at the right time . Jimmy throw a pitch ... nothing special . wham ! wack tag it deep into the outfield , a scorching line drive . joaquin ( cont 's D} ( and the trash talk begin ) that ball 's gonna land in a new timezone . ( wait for the next pitch ) hey coach ! might want to re-set you watch before this next one . Jimmy look in at Joel . Joel look out at Jimmy . they be think the same thing . Joel open and close he mitt - '' feed I '' . Jimmy drop he head a bit so that wack can not see the smile on he face . '' continued ) 49 56 39 . continued : 49 he wipe it off , go into he wind - up and bring the heat * the ball come in so fast it give off a hiss sound ... thwack ! .. , and it hit Joel 's glove . wack 's knee buckle , the trash talk be over . joaquin ( cont ‘d ) ( to Joel ) what be that man ? joel wait will he warm up . joaquin * lemme see another one of that . * jimmy * Nah . this be battin’ practice , not * pitchin’ practice . * Jimmy make a leisurely throw to the plate . wack knock it * solidly into the outfield , but without the trash talk . * ext . run - down home - late afternoon 56 it 's almost dusk as Jimmy pull he truck in front of wack 's home ; a small duplex of sort feature a break gutter and a plywood overhang droop above the door . joaquin that fastball . that 's what I be gonna have * to get use to , huh ? jimmy you will . take time . joaquin ( hop out of the truck ) thanks for the ride . wack 's four- year - old sister , delighted to see he , run from the front door . sister wahkee ! -- and the attitude and trash - talk be go , replace by the caring brother . Jimmy watch joaquin scoop he sister into he arm and whirl she around . ( continued ) 56 continued : joaquin {in Spanish ) Little sister . '' whatcha doin 's out here ? sister ( in Spanish ) wait for you ! Jimmy get out and reach in the bed for wack 's glove . but he do not toss it over right away , content to watch ... joaquin - go on , I nil be ina . she scamper away . joaquin look back at he coach . jimmy otoss the glove to he ) might need this . joaquin ( catch it ) I '' gonna hit one of that pitch . Jimmy smile as he start to open the door ... jimmy you keep playin’ this game . joaquin do not worry man . int . cal' barber shop - day 57 one of Big Lake 's elder statesmen be get he hair cut , by Cal , the town barber . the door open and the bell ring . Henry and Frank walk in . Henry have two empty grocery sack tuck under he arm . henry Cal , where you keep you broom ? cal closet . they check the closet and Henry hand a broom to Frank and take another for himself . they start sweeping the hair from the floor , ( continued ) ( 57 58 59 60 contz : ued : 57 cal ( cont 'd ) { the scissors be motionless ) Henry ? henry ( as if it happen everyday ) we will only be a minute . ext . 3 ig lake high baseball field - day ( game two ~ home ) 58 rudy 's pitch be strike deep into center- field ( by cory ) . the owl center~fielder ( matt ) run for it but can not quite get there . one run score ... then another . the ball be throw to wack , who turn to see that the damage be already do . disgust , he flip the ball toward rudy . the scoreboard .. visitors 13 owl 3 ext . 3i1g lake high baseball field - continuous 53 Jimmy walk to the mound where rudy stand , know he 's do for the day . jimmy not you day rudy . rudy ( toss the ball to Jimmy ) not my year . Jimmy wave for the left-fielder ( eddie ) to take over for rudy , who trot out to trade position . Jimmy look around the infield at he player . at wack . at Joe David . even Joel . ... they have give up ... ext , 3 ig lake high baseball field - moment later 60 Hunter pack the equipment bag as the player gather they stuff . Joe David and rudy walk toward the exit of the dugout , close enough that both Jimmy and Hunter hear ... joe david we get three more month of this . ( continued ) * 60 61 continued : 60 Hunter glance at the two player , and it 's that glance that tell Jimmy he own son be get a first -hand look at lose ... at give up . jimmy where you goin 's ? they stop and look back . jimmy ( cont ‘d ) take a seat out there . ( turn to the rest of the team ) everybody . the player come close to roll they eye , but they grab they thing and do as they be tell . ext . big lake high baseball field - day 61 the Owls sit , deject , on the bleacher . Hunter sit high in the stand , off to one side , a fair distance from the team . Jimmy stand in front of everyone ... jimmy somebody wanna tell I how we lose that game ? nope . jimmy ( cont ' D} no ? how ' bout takin 's a good look at the number on that scoreboard . ( beat ) what do that number tell you ? a awkward silence , finally break by Joe David , who mutter under he breath ... barely hear ... joe david how to get a hold of bo 's 's Tire barn . a slight ripple of uneasy laughter . Jimmy do not have to look to know there 's a telephone number on the board he 's lose they . jimmy you quit out there and the laughter be go . ( continued ) continued : jimmy ( cont ‘d ) quit on I . worse , you quit on yourselves . Jimmy look at each player ... jimmy ( cont ’d ) what , you think nobody around here care about baseball ? be that it ? ( beat ) think the school 's gonna drop the program ? 61 -- and he can tell that 's what a lot of they be think . jimmy ( cont 'd ) team win a game a year , never be to the state playoff . hard to imagine anyone wantin’ to mess with that tradition . {beat ) I be lookin’ at some of the best player in this district , on what should be one of the best team ... {beat ) -. , and you be makin 's it easy for ‘em . they ‘’re listen . jimmy ( cont 'd ) sad part be ... I see it . and you do not . some of the player look down , not ready to meet he Jimmy let the message sink in for a second ... jimmy ( cont 'd ) 'o know , ...a whole lot of you be gonna ~ finish up school , work the rig , work at bo 's Tire barn , raise a family , retire . and you be gonna do all that right here in Big Lake . Jimmy know it 's he chance . jimmy ( cont 'd ) nuthin 's wrong with that . lot of real good people have do that . ( beat ) I be doin 's it . there 's no regret in the word ... just reality . gaze . {continued } 44 . 61 continued : ( 2 ) 61 e jimmy ( cont ’d ) { but if you be lookin’ for somethin’ more ' after you be do here , you give some serious think to how you want to play out the rest of this season , joaquin man , ... what difference be it gonna make ? it 's not like any of we be gettin’ any scholarship . jimmy - I be not just talkin’ about college . I be talkin’ about want thing in life . I be talkin’ about dream . ( tap he chest ) and that thing start right here . okay ? right here . you do not have dream , you do not have anything . the light breeze be the only sound as Jimmy take one last look at he team ... and turn to walk away . - he take only a couple of stride before a voice call out ... joel ( 0.s. ) { " @ . how ' bout you ? 4 Jimmy stop . he turn , not sure who speak up . Joel speak up again . joel ( cont 'd ) * you talk about we dream . ( beat ) man , I nve be catchin’ yours every day . * . jimmy we be not talkin’ about I . joel C ’mon coach . when you throw I have to ice * my hand . * ( shake he head ) you be the one should be wantin’ more . naturally , it 's wack who say ... joaquin yeah and the sad part be ... we see it and you do not . @ Jimmy look down and smile . C continued ) 45 61 continued : ( 3 ) 61 jimmy I have my shot . * ( short beat ) alright , we get practice tomorrow . let 's go . he turn away again ...until ... joel so take another shot Jimmy look over he shoulder and see the team have not move . even he son be watch closely . jimmy it do not work that way . rudy * it do if you throw hard enough . jimmy {a hint of exasperation ) - yeah well i. do not throw hard enough . ( beat ) now come on , hit the shower . he turn to walk away ... again ... and again he 's stop by ... joel we start winnin’ , ... you try out again . .. , and Jimmy slowly close he eye , wonder if the shower be anytime in the near future . he turn around ... jimmy last time I check the scout be not . . lookin 's for science teacher . * joe david * not. many science teacher throw like you . . Jimmy hesitates , sigh ... * jimmy s‘gonna take more than a couple win to get I to make a fool of myself . joel okay ... what if we win district , go the * state playoff ? . Jimmy stare for a second ... and can not suppress a chuckle at the notion . no one else be laugh . * ( continued ) ay ry 62 63 64 46 . continued : ( 4 ) 61 jimmy you be serious ? Jimmy can not ignore the sudden spark in they eye . he wait another moment before say ... jimmy ( cont 'd ) and all I do be find some kind of try - out somewhere ... joaquin that 's it man . the entire team wait for Jimmy 's response . so do Hunter . jimmy alright ... if you make it to ... but most of the word after '' if '' be drown out ... team alright coach Morris ! the player hop from the bleacher and finally head for the shower . Hunter smile as the team run past he father . ext . big lake high school - dusk 62 Jimmy toss the equipment bag in the back of he truck and he open the door to get inside . Jimmy slip the truck into reverse and look at Hunter ... hunter i_know . no tellin’ Mom . ext . big lake gas station - dusk 63 Jimmy gass up the truck , Hunter already asleep inside . the sun make its last reach across the desert surround the service station . he gaze at the town as he mull the very same thing he tell he player to think about . int . truck - night 64 the truck roll along on a lonely stretch of road . Jimmy 's face be blank ... until he notice a radar unit on the side of the road . the number flash ...36 mile per hour ... and curiosity pay a visit . Jimmy pull to the side of the road . 65 66 47 . =nt . truck - continuous 65 Hunter stir , but only for a second . Jimmy keep the engine run , unsure of whether he want to see , whether he even want to know , what the radar unit might tell he . he glance in the rear view mirror ... and notice something hang on it . the saint rita . Jimmy reach for the medallion , rub it between he finger ... -..he put the truck in reverse and back up . ext . roadside ~ night 66 the light illuminate the short stretch of highway lead up to the radar sign . Jimmy , the burlap sack of baseball at he foot , stand a few pace in front of he truck ... about twenty or so from the radar sign . he throw a lazy pitch just to the leave of the sign and the ball roll away down the road . the sign read ...42 mile per hour . a car approach and Jimmy rummages through the bag , hope to look normal . the car pass . 60 mile per hour . he grab another baseball ... and this time he throw harder . 70 mile per hour . Jimmy throw again ...73 mile per hour . a look of disappointment with the realization that he 's not even_fast enough for the minor league . jimmy c'mon ... another pitch ...75 . another ...76 , the exhales become grunt as he push himself harder . another ...75 . again ...76 . and he stop as the last ball skip away into the darkness . out of breath , he pick up the empty bag and walk past the radar unit , hope to find at least some of the baseball . and then ... as he walk away ... there be a flicker on the green 76 on the screen . part of the light be burn out . ( continued ) 68 69 48 . continued : 66 the '' 7 '' fill in , for a second , revealing a '' 9 '' instead . Jimmy never see the 96 , which flash for only the briefest of moment before settling back onto 76 . ext . big lake baseball field - night 67 in the distance , the old boy walk around the outside of the field ... walk backwards ... very , very slowly . cal ( v.0 . ) you sure about this Henry ? ext . big lake baseball field - continuous 68 the front view reveal Henry , Frank and Cal sprinkle something from the grocery sack they be hold . henry Deer get a whiff of human hair ... they keep movin ' till they do not smell it . ( beat ) I figure we put a circle all the way around this field ... frank that 's a lotta hair . henry well , from the look of thing , I no say Cal be not cheatin’ anyone over at he shop . ext . big lake baseball field ~- continuous 69 distant ... from the back again . ~ cal ( v.o. ) I think this might be some of yours Frank . ext . TEXAS home - day 70 Hunter knock on the front door of a small , well - keep home . Jimmy stand a short distance behind he . jimmy maybe he 's not home . hunter ( knock again ) he say he would be here . ( continued ) 49 . 70 continued : ~ 4 of Jim sr. open the door and the boy 's eye light up . hunter ( cont ‘d ) hey grandpa ! jim sr . ( open the door wide ) Hunter ... I be readin’ in the paper this morning that someone in you family be have a birthday . hunter that 's a kid joke grandpa . jim sr . a kid joke ? no kid ? ( hold the door open for both ) jimny . jimmy sir. 71 int . jim sr n's home ~ moment later 71 Hunter rip open he gift and pull out a baseball and a baseball glove . hunter whoa ... ( slip on the glove ... too big ) it 's kinda big Jimmy have not take a seat . he stand by the fireplace jim sr . you 'il grow into it ... faster and you think . hunter look , dad , it do not have any finger . Jim sr.is suddenly concerned over he gift jimmy it ‘s... a first baseman 's mitt jim sr oconcern } be that wrong ? ( try to explain ) I can probably find the receipt and we can just get you another one . one with finger . ( continued ) 71 72 50 . continued : 71 hunter it 's okay , grandpa . I like first base . ( to Jimmy ) can I go outside , dad ? jimmy what do we say first ? Hunter stand and hug he grandpa ' 's neck . hunter thank you . I really like it a lot . Hunter race out with the glove and ball , leave Jim sr. and Jimmy to deal with the silence between they . after a beat ... jim sr . if he decide he want one with finger ... jimmy I all take care of it . Jim , sr. nod , a bit hurt . Jimmy turn to see a collection of photograph on the mantel above the fireplace : photo of the grandkid , ... and in the middle , three photo of jimmy when he be much young . ... photo of Jimmy play ball ... jimmy ( cont 'd ) I do not know you have this . jim sr . you mother give I a few . jimmy ( matter of fact ) she would have be the one to have ‘em . ext . ollie 's home ~ day 72 Jimmy , lorri and the kid flank Ollie and she second husband charle . Hunter be center~stage , lording over he cake . all ( sing ) »..to Hunter . happy birthday to you . jessica start blow out the candle . ( continued ) tu continued : jessie ! hunter soa , 72 ( continued ) 72 continued : lorri do not worry baby , you wish still count . ollie Charles , you hopin ' that ice cream machine 's gonna start spinnin‘ itself ? 73 ext . ollie' home - later Jimmy and Ollie walk through the neighborhood . ollie seem like five minute ago I be watchin’ you blow out that candle . jimmy you tryin ' to make I feel old ? ollie come talk to I in twenty year . she cut to the chase . ollie ( cont ’d ) Hunter say you spend some time at you father 's today . Jimmy do not nibble . she turm to he ... smile . ollie ( cont ’d} you know where I be goin ' with that . jimmy yes mar ’am , I do . ollie lorri say he 's tryin' real hard to be a good grandfather . jimmy yeah , well , maybe he shoulda try a little harder at bein 's a good father . ollie oh Lord Jimmy , I swear ... if there be one thing you get from he , it 's he stubborn side . jimmy not true . Ollie give he a look - bust . 51 . 72 73 ( continued ) — 74 continued : 52 . 73 jimmy ( cont ‘d ) so I guess I be just suppose to pretend that everything be perfect ? ollie you nve be blamin’ you father for too many thing , for too many year . jimmy ( sarcastic ) what , like manage to move to the only town in America without baseball ? ollie Jimmy , you can sell that story someplace else , ' cause I be not buyin’ . ( beat ) you get you shot , you get hurt . simple as that . it have nuthin ' to do with you father . Jimmy walk , tight - lipped , but silent ... out of respect for he mother . ollie { cont ’d ) you think he do not have dream ? jimmy and I suppose it 's my fault he do not go after ‘em . Story of my life . ollie we all get storey , Jimmy . mine say I be happy ; no regret . but it 's harder on a man . one day he carry the world in he palm , the next it 's on he back . can not help but affect that around he . jimmy that why thing do not work out ? ollie ( laugh to herself ) I '' gonna need a longer street for that talk . int . hunter's bedroom - night 74 dimmy hike the blanket around Hunter 's shoulder . already asleep , he kick he foot , push the cover back down . Jimmy give up and notice the baseball glove , tie with the shoelace , next to he pillow . ( continued ) a * tee tee 74 74an 75 53 . continued : 74 he pick it up and squeeze it , make sure it 's wrap just right before put it back on the bed . int . classroom - day t4b Jimmy dump he stuff on the desk and prepare for a day at school . he look up to see mckinney at the door . mckinney Heard you have another tough loss . jimmy still gotta lot of season leave . mckinney Jimmy ... jimny stop with the desk prep . mckinney ( cont 'd ) be careful with the inspiration stuff . jimmy why 's that ? mckinney a lot of this kid ... ( do not want to say it } ... y' know . both man know a lot of the kid will end up right where they be ... in Big Lake , Texas . jimmy yeah Bob , I know . and you know . ( beat ) but maybe some of this kid do not need to yet . mckinney decide against push the conversation . he nod and walk away , leave Jimmy alone . int . classroom - later - day 7s Jimmy wander between the science lab station , remind ... jimmy it help if you actually wear that goggle Ms. martinez ... she slip they on . Jimmy hear a loud whisper fram the door . ( continued ) to uo 76 54 continued : 75 voice from the door ( 0.s.} coach ! he look and see rudy and Joe David . they wave he over . ext . big lake baseball field - day 76 Joel and joaquin be already lean over the freshly - water infield , they hand rest on they knee . Jimmy and the two other boy walk up from behind . joaquin that what I think it be ? sprout from the soil : the first sprig of grass jimmy that gentleman ... be bermuda ryegrass number five . joel we be gonna have a baseball field ext . gravel yard ~ day 77 locate just beyond the baseball field . the team be do they best to practice on this make- shift field . Jimmy fungo a grounder to wack , who flip it to rudy at second . joaquin how long we gotta practice here ? jimmy couple more day . joaquin ( mutter ) playin 's in a gravel yard jimmy okay , wack , bring it in for some bat practice . Jimmy head for the mound , pass wack , who grab a bat and step into the '' batter 's box '' . jimmy ( cont 'd ) Nice easy swing . turn you hip and throw you hand at the ball . ( continued ) + 2 78 55 . continued : 77 Jimmy throw a nice , easy ball . wack drop he bat to the pavement and stare at Jimmy . wack if we be gonna win we need to see better pitching . be you gonna help we or not ? Jimmy consider - look around at the face of he player . thwack ! wack swing at a sizzling fastball and miss . and again . thwack ! only this time it 's Joe David stand in , take a tentative cut at a sizzling fastball . very tentative . thwack ! rudy swing ... and miss . one after another , no one even come close to the ball . pitch after pitch , player after player . ssssssssssss ... thwack ! thwack ! thwack ! knee continue to buckle . player stand as far to the outside of the batter 's box as they possibly can . and then -- tick wack get just a tiny part of the baseball , enough to foul it back behind Joel . it clang against a metal shed . as the sound echoe -- everything stop . every player . every lazy toss . every breath . someone have finally make contact with a pitch throw by coach Morris . wack do not know what to say . ~ jimmy ( grab another ball ) now ... get all of it . he throw another pitch and this time ... as it close in on the plate , there be a resounding ... crack ! ext . TEXAS baseball field - day ( game 3 - away ) 78 ... and the instant the ball leave the bat , the scene become a real game . wack , wear he road uniform , race around first base as the ball roll toward the fence . stand -up double . Jimmy and the player in the dugout yell out ... ( continued ) a , 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 we n continued : 78 jimmy and the player attaway wack ! alright ! ext . TEXAS baseball field - day 79 joel hit a solid line drive down the first base line . the umpire signal fair ball ! wack score ext . TEXAS baseball field ~- day 80 rudy take a big lead off second base ( Matt at the plate ) and try to steal third . the throw sail over the oppose player 's head and rudy stroll home . Jimmy glance at the scoreboard : visitors 7 wildcats 3 ext . TEXAS baseball field - day 81 a ground ball be hit toward wack . he knock it down , scramble and toss the ball to second for the force out Joe David toss the ball back to wack and he silently pump he fist ... they first win so close . ext . TEXAS baseball field - day 82 rudy pitch to a left-handed batter . the batter hit a foul ball toward the third base dugout . Joel , Ernest and rudy converge on the ball . Ernest be almost to the ball as joei 's mitt come out of nowhere to make the play that end the game ext . gravel yard - day 83 another practice . Jimmy throw a pitch and this time it 's Joel who get a piece of it . he hit it deep into the outfield . everyone cheer . ext . big lake baseball field - ( game 4 ) day 84 the season continue , the Owls 's now dress in they home white . the grass be come in , still light in spot . more fan be in the bleacher the scoreboard read : visitors 5 owl 9 a ground ball be strike toward second base . rudy catch it cleanly and throw a perfect relay to wack , who brushes he foot against second base and toss the ball to first Joe David raise he arm in celebration and the player run off the field ... victorious again . rae 56 a of you @ as ext . big lake baseball field - ( game 5 } day more fan , more grass . Joel 's bat connect ... 87 88 89 57 ext . big lake baseball field - ( game 5 ) day 86 joaquin 's bat connect ... Joe David 's ... rudy 's ... player after player crush the ball . the scoreboard read : visitors 3 owl 14 =xt . big lake baseball field - ( game 6 ) day 87 the stand be nearly full , the grass be thicken . Joel throw a perfect toss to cut down a oppose runner try to steal . wack make the tag and the umpire call he out . player go around the horn ~- wack to Joe David to miguel to Ernest and back to rudy . confident face everywhere the scoreboard read : visitors 4 owl 20 ext . big lake baseball field ~ ( game 7 ) day 8b the grass be now completely in , the stand completely jamme . Joel hit a home run over the leave field fence and the player celebrate int . locker room - day 89 the celebration continue and it take Jimmy a few second to get everyone 's attention . jimmy keep it down or folk be gonna think football season 's already start . the player cheer and laugh . jimmy ( cont ‘d ) lot of coaches would say they be proud of you right now . and I be . lot of coaches would say it 's amazing we nve win this many game in a row . and it be . ( long beat ) but I be not gonna say I do not care about tomorrow 's game , because I do the team erupt . {continued ) 89 90 g1 58 . continued : 89 jimmy ( cont ‘d ) let 's finish thing up . player ochant in unison ) state...state...state ...state ! int . locker room - continuous Jimmy walk toward he office . a man he 's never see before stand next to the door . - unknown man quite a group you nve get there . jimmy thanks . unknown man I be Steve dearborn . I be with the Barton School District in Fort Worth . Jimmy 's confuse , but not for long . dearborn hopin ' we might be able to talk about that application you send we . jimmy ( suddenly distract ) sure . dearborn walk in the office and Jimmy close the door . the chant continue from the locker room , but wack watch everything go on in Jimmy 's office . 90 int . bedroom - night g 1 Jimmy can not sleep and lorri 's not do much better . she lean up on one elbow and gaze at she husband . lorri they x11 understand . jimmy I have get most of ‘em comin’ back . lorri honey , you be always gonna have kid comin’ back . jimmy not this kid . ( continued ) 91 92 93 59 . continued : 91 Jimmy roll out of bed and head for the window . lorrt it 's Fort Worth . High school coach job do not get any better . he stare out the window . lorri ( cont ’d ) you get to coach , get to teach , and not that it 's the most important thing in life , Jimmy , but ... it be twice the money . and we could sure use it . jimmy I know . lorri be not sure what to say . she roll back onto she pillow . lorri well I be do tellin’ you to sleep on it , ' cause that sure be not workin’ . ext . big lake baseball field - day 92 the baseball field await ... dew - cover and pristine . int . locker room - day 93 Silent tension fill the locker room as each player listen to Jimmy finish he pre-game speech . jimmy Three year ago this program finish the season with one win . two year ago one more . and last year ... same story . ' ( leok at he player ) this year we have win sixteen game . the only sound be the chomping of gum . jimmy ( cont 'd ) gentlemen ... we need seventeen . a few nod . jimmy ( cont 'd ) alright , anybody have any question ? none...until ... ' ( continued ) ae 93 95 continued : joaquin 's coach ? { {long pause ) you comin’ back next year ? '' it 's the last question Jimmy want to hear . jimmy let 's worry about this year first . int . baseball field p-a announcer 3ox ~ day 94 the p-a microphone await the call of the game . a few inch away : the school library 's reel to reel , spin a old tape * of the STAR spangled banner . ext . big lake baseball field - day 35 * the brilliant white of the chalk gieam along the first base line . someone unseen be sing the National anthem ... voice ( 0.c.} ..oh say do that star spangle banner yet wave ... the voice be rich and on -key . the 2ig Lake team stand in a * precise row just on the grass . ( title : district championship game . the man behind the voice come into view Henry henry ..o ’er the lend of the free ... and the home of the brave . the crowd , which now include fan along the sideline and behind the outfield fence , cheer in anticipation . Henry wink at Jimmy , the debt for fix the field now settle Jimmy 's team head for the dugout . he try to calm they jimmy we be a different team now than the last * time we play this guy . they nre ripe * for the pickin’ . just , let 's not be '' nervous out there ... ( nervous himself } nuthin ' to be nervous about ... 96 97 oo pe ext . big lake baseball field - day 96 a ground ball scoot under the glove of a nervous joaquin and roll between he leg into the outfield . one runner score ... then another . Joel catch the ball and hold up he glove , tell he teammate to take it easy scoreboard : visitors 2 owl 0 wack stand in the infield , disgust with himself . ext . big lake baseball field - day 97 a series of sparkling play as the game draw on , and with each play the contest grow more intense : 1 ) the owl third baseman ( ernest ) field a hot grounder and throw the ball to Joe David for a out . 2 ) a owl player ( miguel ) hit a shot toward the oppose shortstop who stab the ball 3 ) a oppose player hit a high pop-up . Joe David wave off several owl player to make the catch 4 ) rudy , on the mound , check a oppose runner 's lead - off from second base . Joel give a signal which wack and miguel ( 2nd baseman ) catch . neither cover the bag matt ( the owl center - fielder ) sneak up behind the runner and take the pick - off throw from rudy , catch the oppose runner unawares 5s ) a bloop fly into right field send Owls scurrying to try and snag it . the owl right - fielder barely miss a collision to make a diving catch and toss to Joel ( cover first ) to double up a oppose runner . 6 ) a long fly ball sail close to the fence , but Matt , the qwl center - fielder catch it over he shoulder 7 ) one after another oppose player strike out as rudy give he all on the mound . 8 ) one by one the Owls strike out as the oppose pitcher find he groove . and then -- 9 ) a owl player hit the ball hard and make it to third base . 4 triple . 10 ) rudy , at the plate , take a sign from Jimmy and steel himself for he at - bat ( continued ) we a} 98 99 62 . continued ; 97 he dig in , watch the wind - up then bunt - a suicide squeeze the ball trickle toward third base as the owl runner slide under the throw . 2xt . big lake baseball field - day 98 the scoreboard tell the story . Sixth inning ... visitors 2 owl 1 Big Lake runner be on second ( Joe David ) and third . joaquin dig in at the plate as the crowd stomp its collective foot on the bleacher , encourage he on ... jimmy you time wack . it 's you time . the nervousness be go , replace by a look of confidence . he patiently watch one strike go by , and then another . the oppose pitcher look like he have he ... but on the next pitch , joaquin crack the bail down the first base line . fair ball ! the crowd erupt as the owl on first trot in to score . Jimmy give Joe David the '' stop '' sign but Joe David run right through it and score on a close play at the plate . wack stay calm as he stand on second , pull he bat glove off . but as he glance down , a hint of a smile and a subtle look of pride flash across he face =xt . big lake baseball field - moment later 99 the seventh and final inning . visitors 2 owl 3 rudy 's struggle . oppose runner on second and third . he throw a pitch . umpire Ball four . the basis be load . Jimmy , joaquin , Joel , Joe David and the rest of the infielder all walk to the mound . jimmy last inning . how much you get leave ? rudy I get nuthin‘ . jce David drop he head , know they be now set up to lose . but joaquin smell the victory ... and grab the ball from Joel 's glove , plopping it in rudy 's . ( continued ) wu of yt ke ont 99 100 63 . continued : 99 joaquin you with nuthin’ be better than anything they get . Jimmy and rudy share a look . jimmy {a short beat until ...} finish it . rudy nod . jimmy ( cont ’d ) alright ... two more out . let 's go . everyone head back to they position . ext . big lake baseball field - day 100 rudy , dead tired , throw and the batter hit a screamer right back at he . he stab the ball and the runner hold . two down . the next oppose batter ( cory ) dig in , crowd the plate . Joel notice and give rudy a sign . rudy brushes the batter back . Ball one . the batter back off the plate just a bit ~ Joel notice - and rudy freeze the batter with a curve . umpire Strike !!! one and one rudy 's next pitch be pound deep , deep , deep over the leave field fence . foul . one ball , two strike . the batter reclaim the plate , digging in . challenging rudy . Joel give rudy a look , then hold he mitt up and open and close it . '' feed I ! '' rudy nod , squint at the batter , who blow rudy a kiss . cocky . rudy ignore , set he foot and blow a fastball by the batter , who nearly jump out of he shoe swinging ... and miss . game over ! the game end and the celebration begin . Jimmy , Hunter and the remain bench player run onto the field as the team dogpile on top of rudy . {continued } 100 101 102 on continued : 120 Jimmy pat a few of he player on the back , but most do not i even see he . except for wack . '' joaquin come over and embrace he coach . int . locker room - day 201 the celebration have move into the locker room . the player * clap and watch Joe David dance . Jimmy watch with * satisfaction , lean against a nearby wall . rudy stand on a bench and call for quiet . * rudy hey ! hey !!! * {they quiet ) * to the man who teach we about wantin ' somethin’ more ... coach Jimmy Morris of the district champion Big Lake Owls ! * ( cheer , Jimmy smile ) we want it ... and now we get it baby . more yell and cheer . rudy step down and walk up to he coach . he hold out a baseball sign by each player . rudy ( cont ‘d ) now it 's you turn . for no , rudy shake he hand and Jimmy be visibly move . each player walk up , shake he hand , and say the same word ... player you turn coach . Jimmy shake the hand of each player . no tear , but he eye can not hide what he feel for this kid . ext . '' big lake baseball field - dusk 102 * they hat on backwards , Jimmy and Hunter walk across the * lush grass . Father and son be by themselves , Jimmy 's hand rest on Hunter 's shoulder . hunter you know they be gonna win today . do not you ? jimmy sometimes when you want somethin’ bad enough , it work out that way . {continued } 103 104 65 . continued : 102 Jimmy look out at the field , part of he know he may not see it again . the sun dip below the horizon ... and it 's the same look he have as a kid back in Florida . he slow down , hunter what ? jimmy it 's be a good field . they walk again . hunter can we get a slurpee ? jimmy maybe later . hunter but you say if you want somethin’ bad enough ... jimmy yeah , well , I be not talkin’ about slurpe . fade to black . ext . big lake high school - day 103 the school parking lot be nearly vacant . the marquee on the sign out front read : have a great summer ! int . locker room ~- coach office ~ day 104 the room be empty as Jimmy pack he thing . he hold a box under one arm and be pull some newspaper article off a bulletin board with the other . the headline from the first article read : owl head for state tournament . Jimmy smile as he pull it down . he reach for the next . owl lose state tourney opener 6 - 4 . he tuck it in the box and reach for the third : a small advertisement ... gpen try - out tampa BAY devil ray JUNE 15 th san angelo state niversity scrawle in the corner , a handwritten note from one of he player : you turn coach ! ( continued ) i04 105 oo be of B continued : the smile fade , Jimmy know he player expect he to keep he end of the bargain . he toss the ad in the box . int . kitchen - day 105 Jimmy , Hunter and jessica sit at the small kitchen table eat cold cereal . Jamie be in the high chair , sloshing oatmeal everywhere . lorri zip in , late for work . lorri first day of summer registration and I '' gonna have to skip breakfast . jessica ( point to a box of cereal ) you can take some mister crunch with you . jimmy he 's a Captain jessie . do not go bustin’ rank on he . lorri thanks anyway honey . lorri gather she thing from the counter and ask Jimmy ... lorri ( cont 'd ) you get anything goin ' today ? jimmy me? nah. lorri we need to go see the real estate guy . hunter he 's be a Captain forever . why do not they make he something better ? jimmy you thinkin’ Admiral crunch ? lorri just say '' yes mar ‘am " '' so I at least know you hear I . jimmy yes mar ‘am . lorri make sure you take ‘em all if you go . you kid mind you daddy , okay ? ( continued ) 106 107 108 67 continued : 105 she 's out the door , barely hearing the '' okay 's '' come from the kitchen table . Jimmy pour some more cereal . jimmy {to Hunter ) remind I not to forget Jamie if we go see the real estate guy . ext . big lake highway - day 106 a endless highway stretch out of Big Lake , straight as can be into the early morning high desert . Jimmy 's truck roll past a sign that read ... san angelo 97 mile ... quickly fade into the heat rise from the asphait . ext . san angelo baseball field - day 107 Jimmy and the kid be in the old truck ; Hunter in the front , jessie and Jamie in the tiny extend cab seat in the back . the truck move closer to the try- out field and , for a short moment , it look as if only a handful of player be there ... ... until they get closer and see the field fill with young player . what little confidence Jimmy have ... slip away . jessica they get lot of player daddy Jimmy reluctantly pull in , as far from the field as he can get . he sit inside , stare at the player , each with the drive and conditioning he have year ago . the truck idle for a few second ... and Jimmy 's hand slide on to the stick shift , ready to slip it into reverse . he glance at Hunter ... and the look from he son tell he everything the truck stay . the key turn ... the engine fall silent . ext . san angelo baseball field - day 108 the young player at the front of the registration line sign in . the baseball scout behind the fold - out table say ... baseball scout we will call you name . Jimmy move to the head of the line ; Hunter and jessie on each side of he , Jamie in a stroller in front of he . ( continued ) 198 109 110 68 . continued : 108 baseball scout ( cont 'd ) have you player get in - line coach . everybody sign in . another scout seat nearby recognize Jimmy . baseball scout # 2 Jim Morris ? { Jimmy turn ) Doug gassoway . I see you when the brewer draft you ... must have be , what ?... jimmy awhile back . how you doin ' doug. ( shake he hand ) you still lookin’ at player ? gassoway lookin 's the easy part . it 's the findin’ that give I trouble . ( smile , short beat ) you bring some kid ? ( glance at Hunter and company ) ' side you own ? jimmy ( hesitant ) I '' here for I . gassoway ( laugh ) for you ? ext . san angelo baseball field ~ later 109 the sun rise high in the sky as Jimmy and the kid sit in the bleacher watch the other player try-out the infielder make sparkling play , the outfielder easy grab . ext . san angelo baseball field - later 110 Jimmy and the kid now sit on the grass beyond the fence , catch the shade from the scoreboard . the try-out go on . jessie have a sheet of paper fill with tic - tac - toe game . jessica you can be '' X " this time daddy . {continued } for 111 112 113 114 115 69 continued : 110 Jimmy sit next to she and absently scribbles a '' xx , '' most of he attention direct toward the field . ext . san angelo baseball field - day lll the baseball scout hold a radar gun on one of the prospect the pitch come in ... and the number flash : 84 . the young pitcher catch the ball . he toss again ... ext . san angelo baseball field - later 112 . ,.and Jimmy catch the ball , as he play a lazy game of catch with Hunter . jessie and Jamie slumber in the shade . ext . san angelo baseball field - continuous 113 the weather be hot , hot enough that a few of the player toss water on they head to cool down . ext . san angelo baseball field - day 114 another pitch come in . the radar gun light up ... 85 . ext . san angelo baseball field - continuous 115 Hunter sit on the open tailgate of the truck . he 's work on a can of soda .. , look down ... at something . it 's he father ... change Jamie 's diaper . hunter we be outta diaper . jimmy ( reluctantly clean ) we be outta here ... soon as Jamie 's good to go . hunter but dad ... jimmy ..no '' but dad 's '' , okay ? I be dealin’ with enough '' butt '' as it be . Jimmy look up and know he have to be delicate . jimmy ( cont ’d ) listen Hunter , ... I promise to try out . there 's nuthin ' I can do if they do not want to look . ( continued ) 215 116 continued : from the field ... gassoway ( 0.s. ) Jim ! 70 . 1is Jimmy stand , wet wipe in hand , and see gassoway wave he in from the pitching mound . he look at Hunter ... hunter I '' not doin 's it . jimmy - just ... keep she here . this will not take long . he toss the wipe in the truck bed and grab he glove . ext . san angelo baseball field - day Jimmy jog the last couple of step to the mound . gassoway you need to warm up ? Jimmy , know it will not take long , stretch he arm behind he head ... not even close to you textbook warm up jimmy Nah , I be good . gassoway fflip he the ball ) do not hurt yourself gassoway walk away , leave Jimmy alone on the mound . he stretch he arm out again and look in ; the catcher already crouch behind the plate , the scout hold the radar gun behind the back -stop . baseball scout whenever you nre ready . Jimmy take a deep breath . he hear Jamie let go with a impatient cry and close he eye . jimmy whenever I be ready . and Jimmy let loose . ssssssssssss ... thump ! the ball smack hard into the catcher 's glove , loud enough that a couple of head turn from around the field . 116 {continued} n 71 . continued : 116 Hunter , stand in the truck bed ( so he can see ) , smile . * the catcher hold the glove still for a moment , surprised by the sound . without a word , he slowly throw the ball back . Jimmy catch it and scuff the pitching rubber with he foot . he exhales , let he shoulder fall , and throw again ... thwack ! more head turn . the scout with the radar gun show little reaction , aside from he eye quickly read the unseen number . another pitch ... pop ! player continue to turn and stare . the pitch come faster ... and faster . thwack ! thwack ! gassoway move alongside the baseball scout , check out the radar gun number without expression . pitch ...pop. pitch ...pop . Jimmy look in ... now relaxed . jimmy ( cont 'd ) 7 you want I to keep goin 's ? gassoway * couple more . all of the remain player be now watch . both gassoway and the scout be hold radar gun . each pitch pile on top of the other , faster ... faster gassoway ( cont ’d ) * that 's good , Jim . * the try-out end . Jimmy walk from the mound and the young man who be catch pull off he mask and jog out . young catcher you be throwin’ hard man . jimmy ( scoff ) c'mon ... young catcher yeah , well you get ‘em talkin 's Jimmy look behind the plate and see that gassoway and the scout be talk ... intently . 127 ext . san angelo baseball field - day Jimmy puckle Jamie inside . he hold a diaper in one han he head for the garbage . gassoway be wait for he . gassoway Jim , how fast be you throwin’ fifteen year ago ? jimmy slow enough that scout stop usin‘ the word '' fast . '' he toss the diaper in the garbage and as it hit the bottom ... the question be ask again . gassoway Jim ... { Jimmy turn ) ...how fast be you throwin’ ? jimmy ( see he 's serious ) 84 , 85 . why ? gassoway you just throw 98 mile a hour . jimmy ( stunne ) what ? gassoway Dozen straight pitch . two radar gun . same thing on both . jimmy Doug ... there 's no way I be throwin’ ... gassoway ... I know . I have be a scout for a long time and rule number one be ... arm slow down when they get old .. Jimmy can not say a word . gassoway ( cont 'd ) listen Jim , ... I call the office and tell ‘em I get a guy almost twice this kid age ... I '' gonna get laugh at ... ( beat ) ( more ) a. a in ( continued ) 73. 217 continued : 117 gassoway ( cont 'd ) .,. but if I do not call in a 98 mile a hour fastball ... I '' gonna get fire . ( another beat ) I be just lettin’ you know there 's a chance you 'il get a call on this . gassoway shake he head and start to walk away . gassoway ( cont 'd ) you figure out what I see out there today , you let I know ... okay ? jimmy ( still stunne ) okay . Jimmy be leave alone with about a million thought . he glance over at the now empty field , then turn he eye to he truck where Hunter and jessie be chase each other round and round . when Jamie start cry the picture be complete . Jimmy 's not 20 anymore . what the hell , he smile anyway . 118 int . kitchen - night 118 lorri use she back to shove open the kitchen door , grocery sack take up both arm . she plop down the sack on the counter and punch the telephone answering machine . she start pull grocery from the bag ... jimmy on the machine ( v.c. ) hey ... do not fix dinner , we nre gettin‘ some pizza . .. but the next few message stop she cold . . answering machine ( vv.0o . ) Jim , this be Dan jenning with the Tampa Bay Devil Ray . i’1l try back later ... ( beep ) cim , Mark Peterson with the Tampa lay Devil Ray . Doug gassoway tell I about this afternoon . I will try you first thing in the morning ... ( beep ) Jim , it 's Doug . we nre gonna have you throw again in a couple of day , just to make sure . they nre sendin’ out one of the boy from Tampa ... she stare at the machine . stem 119 74 . int . live room ~ night 119 the kid pile through the door , jessica barely able to hold the pizza . she put it on the counter , proudly announce ... jessica daddy tell I to give you the pizza and mot say anything else . lorri thank you sweet pea ... neye Jimmy as he enter ) - ... I be sure that 's exactly what he tell you . lorri look at Jimmy as she open the pizza box . Jimmy 's smile like the cat who eat the canary . Hunter be silently burst ... jimmy alright , go ahead ... ... and the story flood out . Hunter spill bean everywhere as Jimmy and lorri share a look . int . dine room - night pizza-stain plate surround the cable , the kid already in bed . Jim and lorri remain ... jimmy ( still in disbelief ) - and when he say 98 ... ( shake he head ) do you know how many guy throw 98 mile a hour ? his side of the conversation have a almost dreamy tone to it , as if he 's still recalling every pitch as he gaze at the candle in the middle of the cable . lorri not many ? jimmy Count ‘em on one hand . ( beat} I still can not believe it . I mean , that be major league scout on cur message machine . ( continued ) er hof * * bee +t # ee continued : lorri I know . it 's great . she ask delicately ... lorri ( cont 'd ) listen hon , um , why do not you tell I about all this ? jimmy well , I be worried there might be quite a bit of laughter involved . lorri smile , politely . jimmy ( cont 'd ) it be just this ... this thing to get the kid playin’ be all . I figure I would throw a few pitch and I have be do with it . lorri ( keep it together ) so ... you be consider this ? Jimmy 's be so wrap up in the warm memory of the try- out that he realize he have not give that part of it a lot of think . timmy I do not know , ... it 's just ..-. never throw that hard before . lorri nod , try to smile . jimmy ( cont 'd} what ? lorri hmm ? jimmy you just do not seem too excited . lorri no , I be . really . she walk around the table and hug Jimmy from behind , lorri ( cont 'd ) it 's just be a long time since you play . {continued } pare * 4 122 123 76 . continued : ( 2 ) jimmy you know what be the hardest thing about givin 's it up ? ( after a beat ) givin ' it up without knowin 's the look on lorri 's 's face show she 's conflict about the whole thing . int . live room ~- night 122 the glow of the television set shine on Jimmy 's face as he watch a baseball game . on the screen ... the gate to the bullpen open and a relief pitcher jog toward the pitching mound . Jimmy watch the short journey ... ... givin’ it up without knowin 's '' ... ext . san angelo baseball field - day 123 it 's pour rain , a warm Texas storm dump heavy drop on the try~out field from two day earlier . Jimmy wear a tee - shirt and workout pant , already soak , as he throw from the mound . his foot slip a bit in the mud ... but the ball sail in hard . gassoway and two other scout stand behind the backstop and all three radar gun read 96 mile per hour . Hunter sit in the bleacher behind the three scout , try to read the speed . the pitch keep come . ..96...97 ... gassoway so much for he arm fall off . ext . san angelo baseball field - moment later 12 the try-out end . Jimmy walk toward the dig - out and smile at Hunter , wait with he duffel bag and a towel ... a look of pride on he face . he reach for the towel , playfully use it to rub he son 's head . and as he start to dry he own face ... he notice ... .. a old truck discreetly park beyond the outfield fence . his father 's truck . it slowly back up and pull away . om ( continued ) * 124 125 continued : Jimmy gaze out , but not for long . gassoway walk in the other side of the dug-out gassoway dim ... Jimmy turn ... and wait ... gassoway ( cont ’d ) we nre ready to sign you . ext . burger joint - day ~ si 124 125 joaquin , Joe David , rudy and Joel be close to finish off they burger . Jimmy sit across the table . rudy you say you no think about it ? joaquin you be crazy man . thinkin 's what woman do when someone want to marry ‘em . there 's no thinkin’ when someone want you to play baseball , jimmy dust because I sign a contract do not mean they put I in the major league . joel what ' 's wrong with the minor league ? jimmy you ever see a minor league contract ? ( Joel shake he head ) there 's no guarantee of anything and the - money they pay be nexe to nothing joe david so what ? you be a teacher that 's what you get pay anyway jimmy teacher make a lot more than minor league pitcher . a lot more . ( short pause } I have get a few more people to think about than just I . the absence of a immediate wisecrack seem to indicate that the boy understand ... .. @xcept for the fact that it 's a short - live absence . ( continued ) 78 225 continued : 125 rudy man , I be not ever gettin’ marry . 126 ext . TEXAS home - night 126 Jimmy sit in he truck , park on the street opposite he father 's small home . his dad 's truck be park in the driveway . 127 ext . jim sr' home - night 127 the door open and Jim sr. see Jimmy on the landing ( through a screen door ) . jim sr . Jimmy every conversation between the two be awkward ... even as they exchange greeting . jimmy I be drivin’ through ... see the light on . Jim sr. open the screen door . jim sr they ' 1l be on for a few more hour . ( another awkward break ) you wanna come in ? jimmy no , that 's okay . I have gotta ... get headin’ back here . I be just ( hesitates ) I just want to thank you for comin’ out today Jim sr -> nod and say jim sr . you look good . _. he way of say '' you be welcome . '' Jimmy start to back up , know the conversation 's over ... jimmy anyway - - .. but Jim sr. surprise he with ( continued ) 79 . 127 . continued : 127 jim sr . lorri call . ( beat ) guess the scout see what they want . ... hope he all stay for a moment . and Jimmy do . jimmy I do not know what to do . he look at he father ... he expression ask ... jim sr . give it some time . jimmy I do not have much of that . jim sr . you be askin’ I ? jimmy ( wait a moment before} yeah . Jim sr. consider the request for several second ... jim sr . you grandfather once tell I it be okay to think about what you want to do , until it be time to start doin’ what you be mean to do . ( beat ) May not be what you want to hear ... ... and the faint and cautious hope on Jimmy 's face go away , replace by the look of someone hearing what they expect to hear ... what they know they would hear . but he do not bite back . not tonight Jimmy fight back a smirk , back up , turn and walk away . int . morris kitchen - night lorri put the dish in the sink . Jimmy 's in the dining room behind she , collect glass . jimmy I swear I think sometimes he stay up at night , figure out the one thing he can say that will hurt the most ... Jimmy enter with the rest of the dish . {continued } + a4 4 4 80 . continued : jimmy ( cont *‘d ) ( quietly mock the - advice ) ..- you grandfather once tell I ... he place the glass in the sink . gimmyy ( cont 'd ) iwas this close to think he be about to give I some good advice . lorri ( quietiy ) maybe he do . the word stop Jimmy cold . jimmy what ? lorri ( know it 's out ) oh boy ... she turn to face Jimmy . she 's not angry ... just try to be realistic lorri ( cont 'd ) Jimmy , I love you and Lord know I think it 's great you goin 's out and showin 's up that kid at the tryout Jimmy lean against the counter , stunne jimmy I do not believe this . lorrt ..- but I ‘ma little concerned you might be losin 's sight of the fact you gota family that need you .. the conversation heat up just a bit . jimmy losin 's sight ? lorri ..and that you have get a pretty decent job waitin’ up in Fort Worth . jimmy listen , for the record , I never say I be gonna do this ... ( continued } * eee 81 . continued : ( 2 ) lorri ( give I a break ) c'mon Jimmy ... jimmy .. although I be hopin’ for just a little more support on the homefront . lorri oh , so this do not concern I ? or the kid ? you can not eat dream Jimmy . and they do not pay for clothes or shoe or - gas or babysitter . the word sting . and she see that they do . lorri ( cont 'd ) I be not tryin' to be the bad guy on this , but somebody around here 's gotta start bein’ rational . jimmy that 's all I be . my whole life . lorri and what about my life ? I be there too , remember ? ( shake she head ) every time you get hurt , I get a front row seat to watch you shut yourself off from the rest of the world . and I her voice lower just a bit . lorri ( cont 'd ) Truth be , I be happy when you quit . jimmy ( stunne ) happy ? why in the world would you -- .- and she composure crack . lorri -- because I do not want to see you get hurt again ! ( the emotion flood out ) okay ? she grab a towel and wipe she hand as she head out , not want Jimmy to see she cry . he 's leave alone . * ee re * see ae * se eee fee roh * a2 es 227b int . hunter's bedrcom - later - night 1276 128 lorri enter to find Hunter in bed , asleep , light on , a baseball picture book lie open beside he . lorri move to turn off the lamp , then stop , kneel down , lean against the bed , close to she son 's face . just watch he sleep . then she eye go to ... huncter 's wall - on it be several photo of Jimmy in he manager 's uniform as well as poster and cut-out of baseball player . a shrine to he father and he father 's sport lorri stare at the wall , then look back to Hunter before turn out the lamp . ext . morris front porch - night 128 Jimmy sit on the porch , stare out into the might . lorri appear at the door . Jimmy sense she presence ... jimmy kid down ? lorri for awhile at least after a pregnant beat jimmy I '' sorry . lorri I too jimmy I have be thinkin’ lorri I too . ( off he look ) i'm thinkin’ .. you should do this jimmy ( gently ) no , you be ( right ) -- lorri ( " let I finish '' ) ~~ just ... ( off he look ) { more } ( continued ) cro 128 129 1304 131 83 . continued : 128 lorri ( cont 'd ) we have get a eight year old boy inside this house ... who wait all day in the sun , and the rain , to see he daddy try to go something nobody believe he could . ( beat ) what be we tellin’ he if you do not try now ? . jimmy I can not leave you here with all this . lorri Jimmy Morris , I be a Texas woman ... which mean I do not need a Texas man to keep thing runnin’ . ( off he look ) alright ? jimmy ( after a beat ) alright . she walk back inside leave Jimmy to ever so slightly smile dissolve to : int . jessica and jamie' bedroom - day 129 Jimmy have a duffel bag over he shoulder . he softly kiss Jamie on she forehead , then do the same with jessica , make sure not to wake they up . int , hunter's bedroom - moment later 130 Hunter squirm , but stay asleep , as Jimmy put he son 's baseball glove next to the pillow . he whisper ... jimmy see you soon little man he turn , see lorri in the doorway . they share a bittersweet look ext . big lake high baseball field - day 1304 empty . Green as can be . it become ext . florida easeball field ~- day 131 a small - town minor league baseball stadium title : aa southern league 132 133 134 ba. int . florida locker room ~ day 132 cimmy , new uniform in hand , shoulder he way through the middle of a room too small for the twenty or so player , young player , pass the time . the player listen to music on they headphone , flip through magazine , play card ... only casually glance at Jimmy as he approach the space that serve as he locker ; nothing more than two hook on the wall . a player next to he pull the headphone from he ear ... player on headphone you the old guy ? jimmy ( hang he uniform ) I '' the old guy . neye the room ) pretty tight in here , player on headphone wait will everybody get here . he slip the headphone back on , ext . florida baseball field - ( game 1 away ) day 133 the game be well underway , maybe three hundred fan scattered around the entire stadium . beer sale be brisk Jimmy throw some lazy warm - up pitch ; not in a bullpen , but on the small part of the field along the right field line . a batter slam a Orlando pitch deep into right field and it bounce off the '' hit it here - win a lube and filter " sign the Orlando manager have see enough . he ramble out of the dugout and motion to Jimmy ext . florida baseball field - day 134 Jimmy run to the mound , but the moment do not come close to the emotional experience he dream of as a young man . p-a announcer ( distorted v.o fan , this inning lucky number be 1- 5 - 7 1 - 5 - 7 . if that 's you number , you nve just win a ten dollar gift certificate to Paul 's pizzeria ( continued ) om , ( 134 235 136 85 continued : 134 the lucky fan stand , pregram in one hand , beer in the other half the beer sloshes out , temper he celebration the spectator could not care less about the pitching change instead focus they attention on the three remote car that race around the infield . p-a announcer ( distorted v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) now it 's time to guess the win car ! Jimmy reach the mound , the car kick up dirt behind he . the manager hand he the ball ... orlando manager work fast . we get a long bus trip . Jimmy nod , but can not hide he nerve . ext . florida baseball field ~ day 135 the young batter at the plate dig in and Jimmy get ready to throw he first pitch . he toss it ... ».. and it sail high , a good three foot out of the strike zone . even the umpire flinch ... orlando umpire Ball one . ( to the catcher ) he always like this ? catcher ( throw the ball back ) we be findin ' out together . Jimmy try to calm down , but no luck . the next pitch sail over the umpire 's head . orlando umpire mother Mary . int . locker room - day 136 a few of the player be get dress for the long bus ride , the steam still come out of the shower Jimmy talk to lorri on a wall - mount pay phone lorri ( v.o. on phone ) I can not believe they let you pitch in you first game ! how have you do ? ( continued ) 136 137 continued : jimmy not bad . have a couple get away from I begin intercut with : int . bedroom - day lorri sit cross -legge on the bed back at home . lorri do the fan yell when you run in ? jimmy yeah , they be yellin‘ alright . lorri aw honey , that 's so great . you want I to get the kid up ? jimmy Nah . tell ‘em I 'l ] call tomorrow . .. from wherever we be goin 's lorri it will . ( long beat ) I love you . jimmy I love you too . Jimmy hang up , and there be a flash of uncertainty on face , uncertainty about all of it : be away from he family , he shaky performance , ..- he own future int . bus - night the team bus rumble along , most of the player asleep . stare out the window , until he notice the reflection someone sit down in the seat next to he . orlando manager trouble sleepin’ ? jimmy Little bit . you ? orlando manager I get two player snorin ' behind I and a third base coach louder 'o both of ‘em sittin’ right next to I . Jimmy smile 136 137 he 138 Jimmy of ( continued ) 138 87 . continued : 138 orlando manager ( cont ‘d ) be quite a fastball you be tossin’ . jimmy it will get better . the word hold a quiet concern ... enough that the manager now know why Jimmy can not sleep . orlando manager when I be a boy , my father use to take I out in the wood to cut firewood for the winter ... a slightly bemuse look on Jimmy 's face . the manager smile back , know Jimmy 's indulge he .. orlando manager ( cont ' D ) bear with I now . anyway , the two of we no be out there , and I want so bad to cut more wood than he could . I would be swingin’ away ... ( smile at the memory ) and there he would be , a few foot away , with this smooth and graceful swing , do not even look like he be workin’ . Jimmy listen . orlando manager ( cont 'd ) every time he would end =p cuttin’ more than I . every time . I would be standin’ all out of breath , wonderin’ how he do it . and you know what he have tell I ? Jimmy shake he head . orlando manager ( cont ‘d ) you be tryin' too hard . jimmy ( smile , know ) you father ever coach baseball ? orlando manager Nah , he be too smart for that . ( a wistful look } sure could cut wood though . ke look at Jimmy . ( continued ) be wa '' od continued : ( 2 ) orlando manager ( cont ‘d ) so why you ridin 's on a bus with a old baseball coach and a bunch of kid ? jimmy ( wait a moment before ... ) well , when I be eighteen year old ... and bear with I on this ... { the manager smile ) I get a phone call tellin’ I I be gonna be a professional baseball player . Jimmy 's smile fade a bit . jimmy ( cont ’d ) figure i'd be in the big league in a few week , until they start tellin’ I I be not throwin’ hard enough . so , I do what any kid woulda do orlando manager you throw harder . jimmy and a few operation later I be a high school science teacher . ( look at he manager ) do not have anyone to tell I I be tryin' too hard . the manager stand up ... orlando manager well ... i be gonna go see if thing be a little quieter up front ( beat ) remember ... smooth and graceful jimmy smeoth and graceful . yes sir ext . baseball field - ( game 2 } night 139 smooth and graceful , Jimmy chrow a pitch past a oppose batter orlando umpire Strike ! - and there be a rapid sequence of pitch , Jimmy now on top of he game , with a command over the oppose hitter . the Orlando manager clap , appreciative of what he 's see . ( continued ) oo 139 140 141 142 89 . continued : 139 ... smooth and graceful ...... overpower ... until he throw ... ext , durham baseball field - ( game 3 ) night 140 ... and the pitch be hit into centerfield for a solid base hit . smooth and graceful only go so far at ... title : durham - AAA -— two month later Jimmy wear the familiar hat of the durham bull . he hold he glove up , not so patiently wait for the ball . the durham manager , mac , late 40' , come out to the mound . jimmy ( give he the ball ) sorry mac. mac you give I two good inning . do not worry about it . Jimmy slowly run to the dugout , a tired and wear - out look on he face . he wince as he descend the step , pull he glove off and wearily toss it on the bench . ext . motel ~ phone booth ~ night 141 Jimmy stand in the neon phone booth in the parking lot , make a long distance call . jimmy okay , how ' bout five time four ? another durham player , brandon brooks , 21 , walk up and impatiently rap on the glass . Jimmy acknowledge he with a look and hold up a finger - '' gimme a sec . '' begin intercut with : int . kitchen ~ night 142 Hunter be at the live room table , do he homework . hunter I already do my fives . ( continued ) 90 £42 . continued : 142 jimmy you wanna learn how to multiply , you gotta practice bud . Hunter quietly punch the key on he calculator jimmy ( cont ’d ) and no calculator . okay ? ... and scribbles the answer on he sheet . hunter okay . fclose he notebook ) hey dad ? jimmy yeah partner . hunter they tell you when you be goin’ to the big league yet ? jimmy ( short pause ) put you mom on , okay ? hunter okay . Hunter pass the phone acress to lorri , who be deal with a much different type of homework : bill cover the table . lorri jessie say they leave you in one too many pitch jimmy jessie need to learn how to keep a secret with she father ( beat ) how thing goin 's ? lorri thing be good . Hunter 's get a field trip next week and the rest of we .. jimmy .that 's not what I mean ( continued ) co soa 242 continued : ( 2 ) 142 lorri I know . ( hesitates ) it 's not bad . we be a little behind . ( continued ) 142 91 . continued : ( 2 ) 142 jimmy how much ? ~ lorri well , ... nobody 's call for a couple of day if that 's what you mean . jimmy look , maybe I could call Mom and ~ - lorri -~- speak of call , you talk to Fort Worth yet ? Jimmy do not say anything for a second , know lorri only change the subject when thing be not okay . lorri ( cont 'd ) Jimmy , they can only hold that job so long . jimmy ( rub he eye } I will call tomorrow . lorri ( concerned ) you alright ? jimmy I be just tired . lorri Jimmy ... ( beat ) just remember why you want to do this , okay ? from outside the booth we see Jimmy slowly hang up -- ext . morris house - night through a window we see lorri do the same she sit still for a few second , in repose ext . motel - phone booth - night Jimmy stare out at the night , he head full , until he concentration be break by a knuckle rapping on the glass ( continued } _ 142b 143 0 i continued : it 's brook again , mow wait with a couple of other player . Jimmy open the phone booth door . brooks listen man , this be the only long distance pnone we get here at the Plaza . you see somebody 's waitin’ ? keep it to ten Minutes , okay ? Jimmy stare at brook for a second , and then , without say a@ word , walk away . brook follow he with he eye ... brooks ( cont 'd ) what ? so now you nre all talk out ? ( nothing from Jimmy ) use it all up on you girlfriend ? Jimmy stop , turn jimmy my son . he need some help with he homework brook be shut down by the simple mention cf Jimmy 's son . he watch as Jimmy turn to walk away , and hold off on say anything more ext . durham baseball field - Day 143 one of the young player , kenny justin , take he swing at bat practice . a half dozen other wait behind the backstop . crack ! he lace a hit up the middle ... and as he dig in for he next swing , he glance over toward the first base line a television camera crew be set up for a interview . a confident smile cross Justin 's face . justin Little screen time comin’ for Kenny Justin crack ! another routine line drive . he glance again and this time see the durham p-r director motion toward ( continued ) 93 . 243 continued : 143 durham p-r director Jim ! ... who be take part in a casual game of catch in the outfield . Kenny Justin 's smile be go . 144 ext . durham baseball field ~ day 144 dimmy reach the interview area ... durham p~r director dim , I no like you to meet Aaron Brown of - ABC News . aaron brown ( shake Jimmy 's hand ) hi Jim . thanks for take a couple of minute for we . jimmy sure . Jimmy wait , not comfortable in the spotlight . he steal a giance toward the bat cage , know they be watch . 145 ext . durham baseball field - continuous 145 - dustin swing and miss , distract . he walk out of the bat cage and pass brook ... amused at Justin 's frustration . justin I go four for five last night , look where they get the camera . brooks man 's be pitchin‘ good enough to talk about it . they look at brook , amaze at he defense of Jim . player behind backstop dude 's old enough he should be talkin’ ' bout retirement ' brook dig in at the plate , shaking he head and laugh . brooks murdock . you ever hear of satchel paige ? he swing . crack ! a monumental drive leap off he bat . 146 147 148 149 94 . int . bus ~- day 146 the journey continue . the young player visit in the back of the bus , while Jimmy sit toward the middle ... alone . a open envelope igs on he lap and he hold a crayon drawing of himself ... pitching . at the bottom , in bold letter ... love you daddy jessie he look out the window , not want anyone to see he . int . bus ~ day 147 Jimmy pull himself out of he seat , grimace as he muscle stretch out . he 's easily the last one off the bus ... ext . motel parking lot - day 148 --- almost groan as he take the final step . Jimmy lurch ahead , unaware that brook be lean against the bus . brooks Old man River ... you be movin’ siow . jimmy six hour on a bus and you would be ... brooks ( catch up with ease ) I would be what ? jimmy never mind . brooks ocatch up again ) C 'mon man , I get just the recipe to loosen that bone up . Jimmy stop , look at brook . brook give he a look that say , '' come on . '' int . rib restaurant - night 149 the place be hoppin’ . Music , chatter and plate full of rib everywhere . Jimmy sit at a table with brook and another teammate , joe rivera , 20' . rib and beer crowd the table . ( continued ) 95 continued : 149 brooks nraise he glass ) to the diet that put Babe Ruth in the Hall of Fame . all three glass go up . rivera hey River ... tell we what it be like watchin’ the Babe play ? brook and rivera laugh . Jimmy smile . jimmy you sure you want to do this ? brooks the game be on baby jimmy {takes a sip ) alright . best shot ... each of you . loser busy . brooks oh ... so you get a free beer outta this ? jimmy I take the shot , I make the rule . brooks okay , okay . ( think ) I get it . what be it like before you have bus and you have to walk to game ? rivera ( clink glass with brook ) .- in the snow ! jimmy not bad . how ' bour it rivera ? rivera I be takin 's my first one . the one ' bout you watchin‘ the Babe . jimmy already use it brooks it be like a exhibition game . do not count ( continued ) 96 . 149 continued : ( 2 ) 149 rivera but it be the best one ! jimmy where 's the waitress ? rivera alright man , but I be playin’ under protest . ( think ) how many fan do you guy lose when you raise ticket price to fifty cent ? jimmy ' Bout . as many as we lose when you be pitchin’ . brooks and , .. this game be over baby . rivera raise he glass toward Jimmy . rivera River , if you be this funny all the time , I swear ... nobody no be sayin’ nuthin 's ... the beerninduce word trail off , rivera already sorry ... jimmy what do you mean ? Jimmy look at brook . jimmy ( cont ’d ) what be they sayin 's brook ? brooks some of the guy figure ... y'know with the team pushin’ you story and all . jimmy ( laugh ) .. what , they think I be a publicity stunt ? ( then realize they be ) that what they say ? they think I be takin 's up a spot ? brook and rivera do not say anything , know they answer will only make it worse . ( continued ) 97 . 249 continued : ( 3 ) 149 jimmy ( cont ’d ) what do you think ? - brooks you be too fast for I . s’all I know . 250 ext . motel parking lot - night 150 rivera , look a little shaky from the night out , open he motel room door . he have trouble pull the key out . jimmy - you get it ? you okay ? rivera I get it . jimmy and brooks g'night rivera . the door close . brooks wish I be swingin’ against he tomorrow . jimmy . unfortunately , the team we be playin 's get to ... they laugh and start walk again ... slowly . jimmy ( cont 'd ) how long you be here brook ? brooks Durham ? all year long man . jimmy you will not finish it here . brooks yeah ? how you know that ? jimmy c’mon , everybody know the big team 's 1l1 call up one guy and it 's gonna be you . beat } and do not tell I you have not think about it ... brooks ... m man , the only thing I think about be gettin’ my hit . s‘all I cah do . ( continued ) cc i 250 98 continued : 150 jimmy who teach you that ? brooks a patient man . jimmy ( smile ) you father play ? brooks some . be not good enough . ( beat ) but man , he love it . a warm memory . brooks ( cont ’d ) every night before I no have a game , last thing he would say be ... son , you know what you get to do tomorrow ? ( short pause ) you get to play baseball . they stop walk as they approach Jimmy 's room . jimmy you dad still around ? brooks oh yeah . put a few thousand mile on the car to watch I play this year . Jimmy do not want to spoil the moment . jimmy g'night brook . he turn toward he door and start to unlock it brooks hey riv ? ( Jimmy look ) how you figure all this ? you throwin’ faster 'o you ever do ? jimmy you a religious man ? brooks I guess . ( continued ) 152 ba ue ive i54 285 99 continued : ( 2 ) 150 jimmy oopen the door ) s‘ the only thing I can come up with . ( beat ) get some sleep , I gotta feelin’ you be gonna be runnin’ down a lot of ball tomorrow . ext . durham baseball field - day 151 the season roll on as brook rip a wick line drive into leave field . he round first base , sprint for second and make a head - first dive . ext . durham baseball field - bullpen ~ continuous 152 Jimmy sit in the bullpen and clap he hand a couple of time . the rest of the player be barely watch the bullpen catcher walk up ... bullpen catcher Morris ... wanna loosen up ? Jimmy nod and head for the bullpen mound . he stretch out , catch the ball toss he way ... and then notice ... ..dn the stand ... a father and son watch the game . Jimmy throw he first warm - up pitch and after he let it go he look to see the father help he son adjust the oversize glove on he hand . int . hunter ‘s bedroom - flashback 153 Jimmy put the glove next to Hunter 's pillow .. ext . durham baseball field - day 154 Jimmy throw another warm - up pitch and again steal a look into the stand . .. the father the son . Jimmy . .his kid ... he family int . locker room - day 155 Jimmy talk on the pay phone , he head almost touch the wall as he shield the conversation from the room . {continued ) 155 156 continued : 155 jimmy ( on the phone ) ..y , well ... thanks for hold the job as long as you do . ( listen ) no , I wanna get there sooner . set up the classroom . ( listen some more} okay . yeah . thank you Mr. dearborn he hang up and look toward che manager 's office . int . manager' office - day 156 Jimmy walk into Mac 's office , a small and bland room barely large enough for a desk and two chair . there be miniature porcelain lighthouse scattered throughout . Mac be busy painting a new one , set on a newspaper on he desk . jimmy look nice . mac they make the window too small . might be easier for someone who do not bust they hand up catchin ' for twenty year . jimmy nsit down} morrison say he 's ready to throw again . give you another arm in the bullpen . Mac look up , know Jimmy 's get at something . mac my bullpen 's okay . jimmy ~ Mac . we both know it 's gonna be brook . mac I have have more than one player call up before . jimmy anybody my age ? Mac know they have not mac so what be you thinkin‘ ? ( continued ) is6 e 158 159 continued : ee a ay jimmy I be thinkin 's I get a pile of overdue pill , a good job back home and a family I have not see for three month . hard to argue . mac still get some season leave . you sure ? jimmy somebody once tell I it be okay to think about what you want to do , until it 's time to start doin’ what you be mean to do . mac 'wait a moment before ... ) just so you know . you be my best relief pitcher this past month . jimmy ( shake he hand } thanks Mac int . locker room - day 157 Jimmy stand at he now~empty locker , tucking the last item into he duffel bag . about a half dozen player , include brook , sit at they own locker ... the farewell already speak . Jimmy peel he name from the top of the locker , nothing more than a piece of mask tape . he turn to brook , give a nod of respect , and walk out the door . brook , disappointed , watch he leave . ext . motel - phone booth ~ night 158 Jimmy be again in the phone booth jimmy ( on the phone ) hey . . begin intercut with : int . dine room - night 159 lorri pull the phone from the kitchem to get away from the noise of the kid . ( continued ) an os continued : she hear 102 . 1s9 lorri hey ...1 do not think I would hear from you till tomorrow . jimmy ( wait , then cut to the chase ) I be comin’ home . lorri ( a touch of alarm in she voice ) do you get hurt ? jimmy no. I be fine . it 's ... it 's just time . the hurt in he voice . lorri you call Fort Worth . do not you ? jimmy I tell ‘em I would be there in two week . lorri so pitch for two week . jimmy there 's too much to do ... lorri T all take care of it . we have be okay for three month , we will be okay for . jimmy lorri ... { she stop ) I be wastin’ my time out here . lorri ( a pause ) listen Jimmy ... Lord know I '' ready for both side of the bed to be warm again . but if you be gonna do this ... you make sure you be doin 's it for the right reason . ' Cause you be the one who 's gonna have to live with it jimmy ( unconvincing ) I will be fine . .. and she 's there once more . see she husband hurt again . ( continued ) 160 161 162 163 103 continued : ( 2 ) 1is9 lorri you still love it , Jimmy ? Jimmy fight off he emotion , leave silence between the two . lorri ( cont * D ) just think about that , okay ? jimmy ( after a beat ) I 'il be fine . int . bar - night 160 Jimmy nurse a beer in a bar that 's short on customer . the tv be tune to the network news , Jimmy the only one watch . charlie gibson , the anchor , introduce the final story charlie gibson finally tonight , dream that do not die . in 1983 , the milwaukee brewer draft a pitcher name Jim Morris . you never hear of he , arm trouble . int . live room ~- night 161 lorri be on the couch , watch with a sad awareness .. charlie gibson he quickly drop out of baseball , get marry , have three kid , teach high school chemistry . int . henry 's store - night 162 Henry , Frank and Cal sit in the back room ... the tv on . charlie gibson but then this past year , he find out he be throw faster than he could year ago int . joaquin 's home - night 163 joaquin try to keep he kid sister and brother quiet ... joaquin quiet , okay ? charlie gibson he do not know how that happen , but guess what that do to he uream ? 164 165 166 167 104 int . bar ~ night 164 Jimmy continue to stare at the tv , the rest of the bar not aware , not caring . charlie gibson here 's ABC 's Aaron Brown ... the tv news segment show Jimmy , in he Durham uniform , climb the step from the locker room to the field . aaron brown ( v.o. } Jim Morris be afraid to tell he own mother he quit he old job , as a teacher in Big Lake , Texas , for he new job as a relief pitcher in the minor league ... jimmy {to himself ) there 's another call ext . bar - night 165 Jimmy leave the bar . he reach in he pocket , rummage for he room key ... when he notice ... .. the glow of light a few block away . ext . NORTH CAROLINA little league field - night 166 a little league baseball game be underway . Jimmy walk up to the chest -high chain link fence that surround the play field ... and lean against it . and he watch ... watch the 11 and 12 year old face that still love the game because it be still a_ game . .. do you love it , Jimmy ?. they toss the ball from one player to the next , the difficult choice in life still so very far away int . locker room - late afternoon 167 the locker room be fill with the regular sound : rap music and loud voice . dimmy walk in . slowly , all eye turn to he ... and the voice fade , the rap music be turn down . brook look up as Jimmy put he duffel bag in he locker . ( continued ) at 168 169 170 continued : jimmy you know what ! we get to do today brook ? ( turn to look at he ) we get to play baseball . brooks the River flow again . ext . durham baseball field ~ ( game 5 ) night the umpire bark out ... major league umpire # 1 Strike ! wo or ~d 168 ..as Jimmy notches another strikeout . the crowd cheer . his teammate on the field give he that subtle nod , let he know he 's get it goin’ . the joy be back . int . bedroom - night lorri and the three kid sit at the computer desk . they be hook up to the internet , listen to the game from the Durham bull 's website , radio announcer on the web ( v.0 . ) Jim Morris with he fourch strikeout of the night and he be overpower the heart of this Charlotte lineup .. Hunter hang a 8x11 sheet of paper with the letter '' k '' on the wall , right next to the three he 's already tape up . lorri daddy 's havin 's a good night kid int . big lake library - night Joel , wack , rudy and Joe David huddle around one of the school computer , listen . radio announcer on the web ( v.0 . } that last pitch ...97 mile a hour . rudy coach be bringin’ it tonight . ext . durham baseball field - night the batter hit a pop fly , stiil in the infield . radio announcer ( v.0o .} - pop to short ... 169 170 ( continued ) os 171 172 173 106 . continued : i771 Jimmy watch the shortstop fade back and make the catch . radio announcer ( v.o. ) ( cont ' D} ... , and that will end it . Jim Morris close it out as Durham win six to two ... and instead of turn for the dugout , as he might have do a few day ago , Jimmy stay behind and congratulate each of he teammate , a win ... a game . int . locker room - night 172 Jimmy , already dress , grab a couple of thing from he locker . rivera walk by ... rivera thanks for cleanin 's up my mess tonight . jimmy you throw seven good inning rivera . do not ever call that a mess . Mac step out of he office . mac Jimmy . his look tell Jimmy that they need to talk . Jimmy grab he bag and walk over to the ... int . manager ‘s office - continuous 173 Mac look serious for a manager who just pick up a win . mac just get off the phone with the big club . ( long beat ) they be callin’ up brook . Jimmy take the news gracefully , happy for he friend . jimmy that 's great . he will not be comin’ back mac he respects you . I think you might want to tell he . jimmy sure . ..and it 's at that moment that Mac surprise he with ... ( continued } l107 . 173 . continued : 173 mac ...bein 's as you be goin 's too . astonishment . Jimmy stare in wonder , overwhelm . jimmy they be callin’ I up ? mac two of you fly out tonight . you will catch up with the team tomorrow . jimmy where ? mac they ‘’re on the road right now . ( smile ) in Texas . 174 int . kitchen ~ night 174 the phone ring . lorri have the mac and cheese boil on the oven , the kid play on the table a few foot away . she pick up the phone and cradle it to she shoulder . lorri hello ? begin intercut with : 1744 int . durham locker room - night 174a Jimmy talk on the phone ; low voice , big smile jimmy - you know that blue sport coat I never wear ? lorri hang on a sec , I be boilin’ over lorri move the dinner to a cool burner . lorri ( cont 'd ) what about the blue sport coat you never wear ? jimmy you mind bringin’ it to Arlington comorrow ? ( continued ) 174a continued : lorri Arlington ? I think you be . it dawns on she . l07a , 174a ( continued ) 108 274 continued : 174 lorri ( cont ‘d ) ( quiet shock ) > you tell I right now Jimmy Morris . jimmy apparently ... there 's a dress code in the major league . and lorri can not say a word . she do not cry , but the emotion on she face be obvious . jimmy ( cont ‘d ) lorri ? lorri I be here . jimmy they be flyin’ I out in a hour . can you tell everybody ? lorri only if you tell one person first fhold the phone to she chest ) Hunter ? Hunter wander in from the live room lorri ( cont 'd ) you daddy 's get somethin’ to tell you . she hand he the phone hunter hey dad . lorri step back and watch she son 's face light up ... hunter ( cont 'd ) really ? ... and it 's at that moment she eye well up with tear 17s ext . 5 ig lake MAIN STREET - night 175 the quiet of the kitchen be replace with a noisy celebration down Main Street in Big Lake . rudy and joaquin drive down the street , honk the horn and yell out the window to anyone who will listen { continued ) 109 175 i al uw continued : rudy coach make it ! coach Morris be goin’ to the big league ! Joe David , Joel and two other player be right behind , lay on the horn as well . the procession approach Henry 's store . 176 int . henry 's store - continuous 176 Henry be in the front of he store , tidy up the display . he hear the noise from outside and curiosity get the best of he . he walk out ... 177 ext . clothing store - continuous 177 .- and joaquin yell to he from the pass car joaquin mister sampson ! coach get call up ! a smile spread over Henry 's face , a proud smile , and even though no one can hear he ... he clap in appreciation . 178 ext . burger joint - night 178 Joe David 's car pull into the parking lot . the boy pile out rudy boy , I think it 's time we put together a little road trip to Arlington . jge david we get a few pizza 's , make a few phone call rudy ... get a few more pizza 's they rush toward the door ... but wack suddenly stop . the boy turn and see a look of realization and disappointment joel what ? joaquin coach 's first game be tomorrow night ? the football team 's first game be tomorrow night . here ( more } ( continued ) 278 179 180 continued : joaquin ( cont ' D} ( beat ) nobody 's gonna drive anywnere man . resignation and disappointment all around . Joe David , know it 's true , slam he hand on the hood of the old car . once again ... joel hey ! this be coach we be talkin‘ about . rudy C ’mon Joel , coach could be pitchin’ next door and this town would not go . joe david you try askin’ people to drive four hour on a football night . waste of time man . joel yeah ? then you call coach 's wife and tell she we do not do anything . ( beat ) anybody wanna do that ? anybody wanna tell she it 's a waste of time ? that would be no . the friend look at each other ... joaquin alright then ... int . big lake high school - day but the four boy huddle over the school copying machine . sheet after sheet spit out ... come watch coach morris in the big league tonight in arlington meet at the baseball field at 2 o’ clock the last sheet be print and a_ hand reach for the stack . mckinney give a handful to each of the boy and smile as they race out the door ext . big lake MAIN STREET - day 179 180 a montage of image as the boy slap the sheet onto anything they can find : business window , telephone pole , under windew wiper on car . b81 183 be bs b =xt . entrance to the ballpark at arlington - day 181 a cab pull away , leave brook and Jimmy just outside the arch that grace the entrance to the park brook walk toward the stadium , while Jimmy linger for a moment ... look ... take it all in int . locker room ~ day 182 Jimmy and brook enter the empty Texas locker room , the only other person ... the locker room attendant who guide they in . the room be spacious , plush ... a contrast to the minor league locker room that have be home the past few month . the sparkling clean tampa BAY uniform hang in each locker , the name of each player sewn on the back of each jersey locker room attendant team will not be here for a couple hour feel free to look around , -.. and then they see they : two locker , side by side , with they jersey hang in front . morris . brooks . two different path . two dream . .. realize . brooks ( touch he jersey ) we be not in Kansas anymore ... be we riv ? Jimmy move closer as well , carefully lift the jersey off its hook . the sport coat be behind it , already deliver . in the pocket ... a single yellow rose . draped over the hangar the saint rita medallion . ext . big lake baseball field - day 183 joaquin , Joe David , Joel and rudy lean against they car in silence there be only five car wait to make the trip . joaquin ( disappointed ) let 's go . dejected , the kid slowly get in they car and drive out of the parking lot . joaquin and Joel be in the lead car . they turn the corner 184 185 186 ext . big lake MAIN STREET ~- continuous 184 ... and as they do , they notice a line of car , dozen , back up down the street . Signs support Jimmy , streamer and banner decorate several of the car . joaquin stop , stumn at the sight . he open he door and get out ... and so do Henry from the lead car . henry any you boy know how to get to Arlington ? joaquin ( a broad smile ) yes sir . he quickly get back in and the five car pull out onto Main Street , the line of car fall into place behind . horn honk . the community be one . ext . the ballpark at arlington - JULY shoot - night 185 the light be on , the stadium be alive . radio announcer ( v.0 . ) glorious night here in Arlington as the ranger host the Tampa Bay Devil Ray .. int . arlington locker room - night 186 Jimmy , now wear he uniform , nervously sit in front of he locker . his new teammate mill around , have see all of it so many time before . a pro player come over . - pro player you the new pitcher ? jimmy ( surprised he 's talk to he } um , yeah pro player great story man . jimmy thanks . 187 188 143. ext . bullpen - night 187 Jimmy stand on the bullpen mound , throw a warm - up pitch to the bullpen catcher . the devil ray manager and the tampa BAY pitching coach stand a short distance away , casually talk while watch Jimmy at the same time . Jimmy toss the next pitch with a purpose . the manager keep on talk , he expression unchange . ext . bullpen - night 188 Jimmy walk to the far side of the bullpen where three relief pitcher lean back in they chair , spitting sunflower seed . relief fitcher # 1 Jim , as chairman of this distinguished panel of athlete , you should know that after much discussion and very careful deliberation ... onod at the two pitcher ) - and I do think I speak on you behalf relief pitcher # 2 and # 3 absolutely . relief pitcher # 1 we nve decide that 's a pretty fair fastball you be packin ' jimmy ( grab a towel ) can not stop sweatin 's relief pitcher # 2 ~ need to learn to pace yourself . relief pitcher # 3 nspit out a shell } like we Jimmy grin and toss the towel to the side . and as he turn to head back to the mound ... he hear from above lorri ( 0.s. ) Jimmy ... he turn at the sound of she voice . there she be , stand against the railing that run above the pen . ( continued ) 14 . 188 continued : 188 lorri hold Jamie with one arm , Hunter and jessie stand at she side . - ... it all hit she ... the sight of she husband after three month apart , the sight of he finally wear a major league uniform . overwhelm , she eye fill with tear and she voice crack ... lorri ( cont ’d ) you look great . Jimmy 's eye well up . lorri ( cont ’d ) {to Hunter and jessica ) do not you daddy look great kid ? the kid nod . Jimmy climb on one of the seat , reach up ... just close enough to touch lorri 's hand ... jimmy hi. lorri hi. ( ..- the quiet greeting be short , but it 's the look they exchange that say everything . he touch Jamie 's hand . jimmy hi honey . jessie 's already reach through ... jessica ~ hi daddy . ... and Jimmy pause a moment as he see Hunter , a young man so proud of he father . Three hard month meit away . jimmy hey partner . miss you . hunter I too . lorri alright kid , let 's let you daddy get to work . ( she look at Jimmy ) : we will see you after , okay ? ' {continued } 788 189 190 191 192 193 rh uw continued : ( 2 ) 1be jimmy okay . misty eye be not in short supply . down below , in the pen , relief pitcher # 2 and # 3 be try to hide the fact that they have some extra moisture in they eye relief pitcher # 1 Tom hank would be very disappointed with both of you . ext . ballpark section 305 and 306 - night 189 joaquin and the other player enter the stadium , stop at the open of the tunnel . they jaw hang open at the combination of sound and sight all around the stadium . the seating attendant reach for they ticket and motion to a section a few row above . ext . arlington ballpark stand ~ night 199 Henry , Frank and Cal share a pair of binocular , try to catch a glimpse of Jimmy in the bullpen . ext . arlington baseball field - JULY shoot - night 191 the game begin . the Texas pitcher throw a pitch and the Tampa player do not swing . radio announcer ( v.o. ) first pitch of the game ... low . Bali one ext . bullpen - continuous 192 Jimmy sit with the rest of the relief pitcher . most do not even care about the game , but Jimmy gaze intently at the game on the field take in every moment ext . arlington baseball field - JULY shoot - night 193 the game continue ... a series of play unfold ** br ground ball strike to the Texas shortstop , who sccop it up and turn a precise double play ** the Tampa Bay pitcher throw a dazzle curve ball and the umpire call out major league umpire # 2 Strike ! 195 196 197 198 199 116 . ext . arlington ballpark stand - continuous 194 lorri and the kid applaud . ext . arlington baseball field - JULY shoot - continuous 195 ** br Texas batter lace a single into the outfield and the rumner on third base trot home . radio announcer ( v.o. ) .,. and the ranger break through in the third inning to take a one nothing lead . ext . ranger dugout - continuous 196 the rangers 's manager and the other player congratulate the runner who score as he step into the dugout . ext . arlington baseball field ~ JULY shoot - night 197 the game continue .. ** a Tampa batter hit a long fly ball , but it 's short of the fence . the Texas outfielder catch it . ** B Texas batter hit a even longer fly ball and this one sail over the fence for a home - run radio announcer ( v.0o . ) ... that one be go ! a three run homer and that give Texas a four nothing lead in the sixth . ext . bullpen - continuous 198 Jimmy 's head drop . the bullpen phone ring and the tampa BAY pitching coach answer it . he nod and yell outc .. tampa coach blanton , rodriguez two relief pitcher get up and start to throw . ext . arlington baseball field - JULY shoot - night 199 the Texas surge continue as a batter drive a Tampa pitch deep into the outfield . it drop in and the Devil Ray fielder scramble to throw it back in . 200 201 204 205 206 207 117 ext . bullpen - night 200 bianton be call in ... and he walk through the open gate onto the field . Jimmy watch he teammate jog out from the bullpen . ext . arlington baseball field - JULY shoot - night 201 ** a Tampa batter , canseco , finally get hold of a pitch and drive it deep into the upper deck of the stadium . he break into he home~run trot . ** blanton throw a pitch , but it miss the mark . the batter stroll to first ext . bullpen - night 202 Jimmy continue to wait in the bullpen ... and it 's at that moment that the phone ring again . the coach pick it up . listen , and hang up . he nod toward Jimmy . tampa BAY pitching coach Morris . start warmin ' up . Jimmy blink , but without any more hesitation , stand up and pull off he windbreaker . he start to throw .. ext . arlington ballpark stand - continuous 203 ... and the player and the townspeople spot he immediately , cheer and point he way ext . bullpen - continuous 204 Jimmy throw , hope to shake away the nerve as well as the stiffness that 's set in from sit all game ext , arlington baseball field - JULY shoot - night 205 blanton , the fatigue obvious , wipe he forehead with the back of he jersey sleeve . he throw one more pitch . a ball ext . bullpen - continuous 206 Jimmy throw ... the ball smack the catcher 's glove . ext . arlington ballpark stand - night 207 lorri 's enough of a fan to know what might happen . she stand up . 208 209 210 210 a 210b 211 212 213 213a 118 ext . arlington baseball field - JULY shoot - night 208 blanton throw another pitch . another ball ext . bullpen ~- continuous 209 Jimmy throw ... ext . arlington baseball field - JULY shoot - continuous 210 blanton throw . Ball four . ext . tampa BAY dugout - night 210a the Tampa manager run from the dugout and then look out at the bullpen . he point to he leave arm , a signal that he want the left-handed pitcher ... .. Jimmy ... ext . tampa BAY bullpen - night 2168 the pitching coach turn and look right at Jimmy ... tampa BAY pitching coach Morris . you nre in . .. and Jimmy see the gate swing open , only this time , it 's for he . the noise seem louder , more intense . he jog through the gate and run toward the field . ext . arlington ballpark stand - continuous 211 the Big Lake section be delirious ... ext . arlington ballpark stand - continuous 212 .- while lorri hold she hand to she lip in a stunne , almost prayer ~ - like fashion ext arlington baseball field - continuous 213 the dream moment . Jimmy make the run he think he have make so many year ago ; the light bright , the color vivid , the sound embrace . int . PRESS BOX ~ continuous 213a the moment be capture on the video monitor inside the press box ... reporter watch , more than a few catch up at the sight . ( continued ) 118a . 213a continued : 213a C , radio announcer ( v.0 . ) and here he be , the high school science teacher from Big Lake , Texas , Jim Morris ... make he major league debut ... 213b ext . arlington baseball field — night 213b Jimmy arrive at the mound , the Tampa manager and the catcher wait for he . he 's scared ... and the manager know it . the noise of the crowd surround he . ( continued ) 213 214 215 216 119 continued : ( 2 ) 213 tampa manager Little louder than back home ? jimmy a little , yes sir . tampa manager well then , let 's not make this too hard . rimember that fastball you be showin ' I before the game ? Jimmy nod . tampa manager ( cont ' D ) I need three of ‘em . the manager give he the ball . the catcher nod in support and run back to home plate ... and Jimmy be all alone . ext . arlington ballpark stand - continuous 214 joaquin and the kid yell out kide c'mon coach ! ext . arlington ballpark stand - continuous 215 Henry , Frank and Cal watch ... frank let 's get ‘em Jimmy ! ext . arlington baseball field - night 216 the Texas batter dig he foot into the batter 's box , eyeing Jimmy with confidence Jimmy step from the mound for a second , he back to home so that he can work the ball with both hand ... and keep the hitter from see the nervous look on he face he turn back . . and put he foor on the pitching rubber the batter stare out ... calm , assure . Jimmy throw ... a fastball . the batter do not swing . major league umpire # 2 Strike ! 217 218 219 220 221 222 223 120 . ext . arlington ballpark stand - continuous 217 Jimmy 's cheer section yell out . lorri , the kid ... ext . arlington baseball field - continuous 218 Jimmy catch the ball and pace around the mound again . he rub the ball some more . the Texas batter step back in ... still confident . Jimmy go into he wind up and throw again . this time the batter swing ... but miss . ext . arlington ballpark stand ~- continuous 219 Jimmy 's old team and the townspeople be on they foot , they applause even louder than before . ext . arlington baseball field ~ continuous 220 the Tampa catcher throw the ball back and Jimmy take another lap around the mound the batter 's look of confidence be not what it be a couple of pitch ago . Jimmy come back to the mound and the catcher signal for another fastball another hard pitch to the plate . the batter swing ... and hit a foul ball . ext . ranger dugout - continuous 221 the Texas manager calmly look out , he catcher seat next to he . TEXAS manager well ? TEXAS catcher ( matter -of - fact ) he can pitch . ext arlington ballpark stand - continuous 222 lorri and the kid nervously wait . ext . arlington baseball field - continuous 223 Jimmy come to the mound one more time , surround by a crowd noise he 's never experience before . ( continued ) 121. 223 continued : 22 e@ the look of confidence on the hitter 's face have be replace with a look of sheer concentration , Jimmy look in ... ... throw ... .. and the batter swing . and miss . the crowd erupt . Jimmy exhales and walk from the mound , the shortstop come up behind and give he a simple pat on the back . 224 ext . arlington ballpark stand - continuous 224 but there 's nothing simple about the celebration in the stand as Jimmy 's high school team exchange high - fives with older folk from the town . 225 ext . arlington ballpark stand - continuous 225 lorri clap ... so proud of she husband . 226 ext . tampa BAY dugout - continuous 226 Jimmy walk into the dugout and receive the congratulation @ of he new teammate , the final pat on the back come from brooks . the applause surround he now come from Tampa and Texas fan alike ... pay tribute to he accomplishment he sit on the bench and shake he head , suddenly realize what just happen . 227 int . just outside the locker room - night 227 Jimmy stand in front of he locker , surround by reporter the shower have long since grow quiet ... and he wear the blue sport coat and tie , a duffel bag drape over he shoulder reporter # 1 Jim , .. what pitch do you throw to get that strikeout . jimmy fastball , fastball , fastball ... and ... npretend to think ) .. fastball . @ the reporter laugh . ( continued ) 227 continued : reporter # 2 how would it feel ? pitchin 's in the major league ? jimmy ( wait a second before ... ) like I hope it would . the reporter be pack so tightly around Jimmy that he can only see face , camera and microphone . bue through a tiny crack in the pack of reporter ... he see , stand in the hallway , very patiently , watch ... he father and the remain question go unheard . jimmy ( cont 's D} Excuse I Jimmy cut through the swarm of reporter and out into . 228 int . near the locker room ~- continuous 228 his father offer a awkward smile , uncertain of what to say , or perhaps worse , uncertain of what he might hear .. jimmy I do not know you be here . jim sr . be not missin’ this one . Jimmy do not respond ... do n xot want to hurt he anymore . Jim sr. struggle with the word , barely make eye contact . - jim sr . ( cont ' D} watchin 's you tonight the look in he eye soften . he 's see it again , so proud jim sr . ( cont 'd ) .. mot many father get a chance to do that . {as close as he will come to break ) guess I let too many of that thing get away . a long pause . Jimmy bail he out ( continued ) 229 123 . continued : 228 jimmy so do I . the word be out . Jimmy gaze at he father with a respect that be always just below the surface . a half - nod from Jim sr. , he expression show how very proud he be to be Jimmy 's father . jim sr . well then ... he turn to walk away .. jimmy dad ? Jim sr. stop and look back . Jimmy reach in a pocket of the duffel bag and pull out the baseball from the game . instead of the hug , instead of the handshake , Jimmy hand the most precious item from he most precious moment ... to he father . jimmy ( cont 'd ) thanks for comin’ . the gesture say everything for both of they . Jim sr. nod again , a nod of acceptance and respect . he walk away and Jimmy watch he go . and for the first time , he expression offer hope for they relationship . Jimmy glance the other direction , just a glance , and see lorri stand there . she see it all . he hike the duffel bag higher on he shoulder and walk over ... int . stadium tunnel - continuous 229 ... and lorri smile as he move closer . lorri do this mean I do not get a ball ? he kiss she . jimmy s‘all I get leave lorri girl could do worse . ( continued ) C 229 continued : 1 bh ba : they starz to walk . lorri ( cont 'd ) so ...how 's it feel bein 's the oldest rookie in the last thirty year ? jimmy let 's see ... I '' tired , my back 's sore , I get reporter everywhere ... so , all in all ... ( beat ) .. I would say thing be pretty good . lorri you look good out there . for a old guy she reach for he hand . jimmy where the kid ? lorri well ... Hunter 's with Henry , jessie ' 's with Frank and Jamie ' 's with Cal jimmy you leave Jamie with Cal ? lorri he 's get a little help lorri push the door open ... 229a ext . stadium loading ramp - continuous 229 k ... and Jimmy see half the town of Big Lake wait to greet he - he walk into the crowd of familiar face : young and old , man and woman . all share the same joy at have seén one man 's dream come true . at have see they dream come true . the celebration go on for a short time more and the sound fade toward silence as a spray of confetti fill the air . we hear the first piano chord of '' the christmas song '' by nat King Cole as we dissolve to : 229b a blur of dust which clear to reveal . . 2293 @ 228c ext . big lake high school - wide - day 229c we move toward the school ~ past the sidewalk , past the sign , past the flagpole , across the lawn , up to the window and -- C 125 . 229d inside the school MAIN hallway 229d where we move in on -- the team photograph of the Big Lake Owls ; five player kneel in front , five stand in back , with they coach , Jimmy Morris , stand on the right hand side . as we pull back -~- ... the song continue ... the photo slowly grow smaller , revealing a frame around it . it grow smaller still , revealing a tampa BAY jersey mount behind . and as the black and white photograph slowly grow distant , the other item in the school trophy case come into view . a smatter of football trophy ... push to one side ... super : tbd fade out .