the best exotic marigold HOTEL written by ol parker base on the book these foolish thing by deborah moggach fox searchlight picture 10201 W. pico Blvd. Los Angeles , CA 90035 all rights reserve . copyright '' 2010 twentieth century fox film corporation . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including any web site , without the prior written consent of willow and oak , inc . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of the restriction set forth above . over black muffled music ; soothing , generic . automate voice thank you for you patience . you call be important to we . we will be with you shortly . int . mansion flat , london - day a neat , well - appoint flat , tastefully decorate . frame against a large window which look out over the city , a elegant woman in she 70 's : evelyn greenslade . she 's on the phone , on hold . on the desk in front of she be a brand new laptop computer ; the screen read ' get start ... 's automate voice ( on phone ) thank you for you patience . you call be important to we . we will be with you shortly . Evelyn 's patience be strain nonetheless . she tap she finger on the desk . automate voice ( cont would ) ( on phone ) thank you for you patience . you call be - a slightly - accented voice finally interrupt . female voice Mrs greenslade , thank you for wait - evelyn ( overlap ) yes , now if you could stay on the phone for a moment and talk to I , just talk to I . I be not even clear , I do not actually understand what it be I be try to order . be wireless the same as wi-fi ? and what do either of they have to do with broadband ? female voice Mrs greenslade , since the account be not in you name , before we can make any change we need to speak to the account holder . can I please talk to the account holder ? 4a 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 2. evelyn what ? female voice I be ask if I can speak to the account holder . before we can make any change - evelyn you can not talk to he , no . ( beat ) he 's dead . he die . there 's only I . int . corridor / judge chamber . inn of court - night 3 gile , a judge in full wig and robe , move quickly down a corridor . he pass other judge , go the opposite way . he arrive at the office of graham dashwood , go in . graham be at he desk . his robe be on a hanger , he wig be on a stand beside he . gile we be late . int . corridor . inn of court - night 4 moment later . Graham and gile walk down the corridor . graham bloody retirement party . hard cheese , soft wine , and endless speech . why do people do that ? no one ever say about any kind of party : it be a wonderful occasion , just a shame that the speech be so short . gile it will be you one day . graham one day very soon . gile you have be say that for year . they walk into a large room , full of lawyer . int . hall . inn of court - continuous 4a at one end of the hall , a very old judge be give a very dull speech . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 3 . judge a occasion such as this lead one to cast one mind back to the day when I first enter my pupillage . I have the very good fortune of serve as a junior to Mr justice stancombe ... Graham 's not listen any more . he 's look around the room . at the old , tired face . judge ( cont would ) ... the unwelcome news that I would transfer Chambers , bring to mind the old adage a fronte praecipitium , a tergo lupi ... everything seem to slow down , the judge 's mouth move more and more sluggishly , though he voice remain the same . the effect be strange ... then the sound of laughter . graham this be the day . everyone look round at he . he 's almost as surprised as they be that he 's speak out loud . gile Graham ? graham this be the day . he turn and walk out . int . hospital - day staff bustle around a busy a & E ward . muriel lie on a bed in the corridor . the head nurse , karen , rush past . muriel listen , young lady . I want a cup of tea , and I want it now . karen the trolley will be along shortly . muriel how hard do you have to fall down before you get some proper attention ? hour I have be lie here , and not a single doctor have come to see I . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 3a . karen now that 's not quite true , be it Mrs donnelly ? ( more ) 5 a 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 4. karen ( cont would ) a doctor do try and examine you , and you send he away . muriel that one ? she look up to the far end of the ward , where a doctor be wash he hand . he 's black . muriel he can wash all he like , that colour 's not come out . I want a English doctor . karen a English doctor ? why do not you say so ? in 1l get one right away . she go away , come back moment later with a tall , handsome doctor . the bad news for muriel be ... karen ( cont would ) this be Dr ghujarapartidar . and this be Mrs donnelly . ext . new housing estate - day sa a crescent of identical bungalow , part of a brand new retirement facility . a mobility scooter carry a elderly resident trundle down the road . estate agent ( 0.s. ) ++. with a unlimited range of leisure opportunity just a stone 's throw away ... int . new housing development - day 6 a young estate agent , evan , be show douglas and jean around a very small , and very beige bungalow . evan so as I say , what you be look at here be very competitively priced , you can not get better value for you grey pound . another little feature , not necessary right now , but give it a couple of year ... ( point ) «+. rail on the wall to help you get around , and down here , a panic button in case of a sudden fall , bring the warden run . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 4a . jean what if we fall somewhere else ? evan sorry ? jean it 's just that we might not manage to plan we sudden fall in the exact corner where the button be . evan yeah . as I say - 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 5 . jean and would it be possible to get the rail to go through the middle of the room as well ? douglas darling ... jean to help we get across , not just around ? douglas ( to Evan ) could we have a moment , please ? thanks . thanks so much . Evan go . jean thirty year in the Civil service and this be all we can afford ? douglas would it help if I apologize again ? jean no . but try it anyway . int . bar - night judith ( 40ish ) be sit opposite someone . we do not see whom . judith and then after that I work as a system analyst for a few year but I just find it so dull , what I really want be to do something that be more creative , that match my ... ( beat ) I be sorry . on the form they ask for we age bracket , and the age we want to meet ... and in both case I tick 35 - 45 . now we see the man she 's talk to . it 's norman . he 's dapper , nice look . and at least 70 . norman that 's right , yes . so do I . they're at a speed dating evening . numbered table , etc . norman ( cont would ) anyway , do not stop . something more creative ... 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 6 . judith how old be you ? norman early 40' . judith D ’you mean you be bear in the early 40' ? norman Judy , I know what you be ask - judith it 's judith . norman judith . and trust I , I have still get it . the bell go ; the signal for the woman to get up and move along to the next table . judith leave without look back . norman ( cont would ) I just can not find anyone that want it . another hopeful candidate arrive opposite norman . and look crestfallen at what 's on offer . int / ext . bedroom / stair / hall . family house - day madge be in she bedroom . she 's argue with she son-in - law craig . madge 's suitcase be by the door . craig this be crazy . you be crazy . you can not just up and leave like this . madge and yet if you watch I , that 's exactly what you 's 1ll see happen . she pick up she suitcase , head out of the room . madge 's daughter jessica be on the landing . jessica what 's go on ? craig you mother 's lose it . jessica my mother never have it . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 7 . craig talk to she . she do not listen to I . madge nobody listen to you . she head down the stair . Craig and jessica follow . madge ( cont no ) ( to jessica ) it 's one of the great mystery of life that someone so vibrant and fascinating as my daughter should choose to spend she life with this fraction of a man . jessica I still do not understand what 's go on . craig I just ask she to babysit . and now she say she 's leave . they be at the bottom of the stair . jessica 's child , liam and katie , be watch . jessica but you love babysit . madge I love it last night . liam we have pizza and stay up late . madge and the night before . katie we have chinese and stay up late . liam if you do not go , tonight we could do a curry . madge it 's tempting , my darling , but you know why I must leave . liam we know . katie ( to she parent ) be here be stop she find a husband . 10 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 8. craig another one ? liam and katie bye granny . madge do not let the bugger get you down . madge turn to go . craig how many husband have you have , anyway ? she turn back , smile . madge include my own ? then she 's out of the front door , and head for the taxi . jessica mother ? mother ! int / ext . taxi - day 9 moment later . madge climb into the back of the cab . taxi driver name the place , darling . where be you go ? madge smile . madge I have absolutely no idea . int . mansion flat - day 10 Evelyn , whom we see earlier on the phone , be in the live room . her son christopher be there . and she lawyer harold . christopher there 's no other way . there just be not . harold tell we this three month ago . harold and I be afraid matter have only get worse . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 8a . christopher we can not wait any longer . we need to put this flat on the market , and at least make a start at pay off dad 's debt . the ee 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 9 . Christopher turn to harold . they wait christopher ( cont would ) I have talk it through with polly and the boy , and of course we all agree . ma will move in with we . harold I think that 's best , Evelyn . it 's what Hugh would have want . for confirmation from Evelyn . none come . christopher good. settle . end of discussion . evelyn that 's what you father use to say . christopher ma - evelyn when there have never really be any discussion at all . christopher I want to look after thing for you . evelyn like he do for forty year christopher yes . evelyn and look how that turn out . she turn to harold evelyn ( cont ’d ) how can any of we know what Hugh would have want ? and would he have see fit to tell we anyway ? ( best ) obviously the flat have to be sell . ( best , then to Christopher ) and you be very kind . and dear polly . but no , I will not be come to live with you . * * + of 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 9a . il int . hospital - day 11 muriel have now be transfer to a ward . she be listen to dr ghujarapartidar . dr ghujarapartidar you need a new hip , Mrs donnelly . it 's not a difficult operation . muriel easy for you to say , you be not have it . dr ghujarapartidar regardless . you do need a new hip . muriel I be not get it from you . 12 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 10 . dr ghujarapartidar not I personally , no . muriel not any of you lot . dr ghujarapartidar I see . muriel so when do I have the operation ? dr ghujarapartidar I be afraid you will be on a wait list for at least six month . muriel at my age , I can not plan that far ahead . I do not even buy green bananas . dr ghujarapartidar there be another way . we hospital trust be funding a new pilot scheme , that will enable we to out - source you to another hospital , where they can perform the procedure almost immediately , and at a fraction of the cost . muriel be it local ? dr ghujarapartidar that depend how you define local . int . evelyn' flat / christopher 's office - night 12 Evelyn be on the phone to she son Christopher . they be both sit at computer . Evelyn 's new-found dexterity be impressive . around Evelyn 's room be pack box , some already full . christopher ( on phone ) when do you get a computer ? evelyn how far along be the progress bar ? the strip at the bottom that tell you - christopher I know what it be . what be you show I anyway ? 13 14 15 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 11 . the webpage have come up . it 's a picture of a beautiful old building . and underneath be write ' the best exotic marigold HOTEL '. as Christopher gape in horror , he hear a mellifluous indian voice . indian voice ' come and spend you autumn year in a indian palace with the sophistication of a English country manor . steep in the tradition of the raj , tuck away on the outskirt of jaipur ... 's int . internet cafe - day 13 the mellifluous tone continue . madge mouth the word to herself as she scan the same web-page . indian voice ‘... it exude historical ambience and be grace with breathtaking surroundings ... 's int . salon - day 14 Jean , whom we earlier see look at the bungalow , be at the hairdresser . her stylist abi listen to she read a computer printout for the same hotel . which look classy , elegant , and welcoming . madge 's voice bleed into Jean 's . jean ( read ) ' lofty terrace , open courtyard , dome , arch and canopy balcony transport one back in time . 's abi I would not mind go there myself . ext . golf course - day 15 in the background , a train rumble along the Piccadilly line towards heathrow . Douglas , Jean 's husband , be on the green with he friend simon . Douglas be lining up a tricky putt . simon there will not be any golf course . 16 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 12. douglas just as well . I can not afford the green fee . simon but a retirement home ? Douglas miss he putt . douglas it 's a luxury development , where all the resident be in they golden year . simon like the costa brava . douglas yes . but with more elephant . Simon hole out . int . judge chamber - day 16 Graham , the judge , be in he office . it 's nearly empty ; he entire life be be pack away . his friend gile watch he put more thing in box . gile how long have we know each other ? and you have never once talk about India . graham D 's you want this book ? gile you might need they again . Graham smile at he , call out . graham Mrs megson ! his cleaner , mrs megson , come in . mrs megson Sir ? Graham take a beautiful vase off the shelf , give it to she . I want you to have this . mrs megson be you sure ? 17 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 13. graham absolutely . there 's a slight crack on the bottom . but I think you might know something about that already . Mrs megson go . graham ( cont ‘’d ) I use to live there . a long time ago . int . basement bedsit . earl court - day 17 a bedsit . slightly down at heel , and sparsely furnish . norman , whom we meet speed dating , be talk to someone . we do not see who . quietly , in the background , Radio 2 music from a old battery radio . norman I have to go . I do . and I could say I wish you would come , but I have never lie to you . we both know I need more than you can offer . we know that . do not we ? we see who 's sit in front of he . a ancient dachshund . norman ( cont have ) ( to the dog ) do not make that face at I . norman 's Polish landlady , mrs jellinek , be at the door . mrs jellinek ( to she dog ) you. upstair . the dog hop off the chair , and leave . norman watch he go . mrs jellinek ( cont would ) any warm clothes you have use for no more , I take they . and not forget to leave key when you go . she leave . norman be leave alone . norman I will miss you too . 18 19 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 14 . ext . housing estate - day 18 the district ambulance driver , jackson , be push muriel in a wheelchair across a housing estate . muriel you know who will be there , do not you ? Indians . load of they , a sea of brown face and black heart , all greasy haire and reek of spice . never see one on they own , do you ? no , becuase they hunt in pack . all the better to rob I blind and - jackson you know what ? you can take it from here . muriel you be suppose to see I into my flat . that 's what they say . jackson my wife be from Mumbai . he head off . muriel shout after he . muriel no good moan to I , mate . you marry she ! but he 's go . muriel wheel herself on over the bumpy ground . ext . passenger drop -off . stansted airport - evening 19 a reluctant Christopher be push a trolley carry Evelyn 's case to the terminal . christopher you be sure you ticket be in order ? evelyn they should be . the hotel pay for they . I be sure they would rather have we there than not . and its fantastically cheap for the first three month . christopher I wonder why . they walk on in silence . christopher ( cont no ) how will we know you be alright ? 20 21 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 evelyn I will call . they do have phone there , you know . or you can just read my blog . christopher you what ? evelyn on the interweb . you can log in whenever you like , read my news . christopher I just hope the first item will be announce you return . ir do not suppose they 's 1ll be pay for the journey back ...? Evelyn stop . they have reach the terminal . evelyn could you please , before I go , say one thing that be supportive ? because I have never do anything like this before . christopher without dad , you never do anything at all . and i do not think you 'il be able to cope . evelyn well . I suppose we will find out , will not we ? they head into the building . int . check -in area . airport - evening madge be at the first class check - in desk . madge and the connect flight to jaipur be first class too ? 15 . 20 the check - in girl nod , hand madge back she passport . madge ( cont would ) I tell you , it 's tough to get upgrade nowadays . I have to flirt so hard with the travel agent , it be practically phone sex . int . security area . airport - evening the light be fade . 21 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 15a . norman appear to be relishing a detailed search from a female Security Guard . norman come on . thorough as you like muriel be wait to collect she bag from the belt . security guard we would like to take a look in this bag , madam , if you do not mind . he lift the bag onto a table . it 's heavier than he think . 22 23 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 16 . security guard ( cont have ) what you get in here anyway ? he open the bag , stare in astonishment . muriel pg tips. Brown sauce . ten jar of marmite . thirty one packet of chocolate hobnob . pickle onion . pickle egg . and pickle . security guard no liquid on the plane . muriel what do that mean ? security guard it mean you can not take the pickle onion . or the pickle egg . ( beat ) the pickle 's fine . int . boarding gate . airport - evening / night 22 the passenger from Flight 1045 to Delhi be seat at the gate , wait to board . muriel be wheeled up by a attendant and park at the end of the only remain row of empty chair . Douglas and Jean be already sit there . Jean smile politely as Graham sit down a couple of seat away . norman arrive , carry he battery radio , see a empty place between Jean and madge , who be sit at the end . he smile knowingly at madge as he sit . finally Evelyn take the only available space , between Graham and Douglas . and there the seven passenger wait patiently , unaware of they common fate . the sound of a jet engine , quiet at first , finally engulf they . ext . runway . india - dawn 23 the plane cruise down through a stun sunset , and land at Delhi Airport . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 17 . 24 int . airport terminal , DELHI - day 24 Evelyn , Douglas , Jean and Graham be descend on a escalator . madge be a few step up . jean obviously one 's read one 's kipling , but we view this as a opportunity to explore another culture , as well as make new friend . and a retire judge be just the class of guest one be hope for , be not it Douglas ? douglas I be sorry ? graham ( to Evelyn ) and be this you first time in India ? jean you do not seem like a experience traveller . evelyn I be not . although one have read one 's guidebook . Jean blink . Evelyn and Graham share a smile . Douglas hide he . and madge see it all . as they head towards the baggage carousel , they be meet by muriel and norman , emerge from the elevator . norman be push muriel 's wheelchair . norman norman cousin . madge madge hardcastle . a pleasure . norman play you card right , it could be . madge stare at he . a voice come over the tannoy . airport announcer lady and gentleman , we regret to inform you that owe to bad weather , Flight 105 to jaipur have be cancel . the airline be happy to arrange ... CUT to : 25 26 27 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 18. int . airport . DELHI - day 25 hour later . the airport be desert , except for the marigold Hotel party , who sit slump and exhaust on another row of seat , with muriel 's wheelchair at the other end . after a moment , Graham say ... graham alright . plan B. int . DELHI airport ~- day 26 moment later . they be all move briskly through the hi - tech , ultra-modern , beautifully air-condition building . jean of course it 's a good idea . who can you trust if not a High Court judge ? douglas and this way we see more of the country . norman be push muriel 's wheelchair . norman ( lean down , to muriel ) if anyone ask , say you be my mother . I do not want people to think we be together . muriel in you dirty dream . jean Douglas , this be not word that often pass my lip , but you may actually be right . the country seem to be rather more civilise than one originally think . ext . DELHI bus station - evening 27 moment later . we heroes be in the middle of a extraordinary scene . stifl heat , deafen noise ; the chaos , the bustle , the grime , the crowd , the life . they be surround by taxi driver , baggage handler , beggar etc . all clamour for they attention . Evelyn look a little shocked . Jean be traumatize , a handkerchief to she face . 28 29 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 19 . Graham , at the ticket booth , triumphantly hold up a fistful of ticket . graham ( shouting over the din ) the bus will drop we in the centre of town . we can take tuk - tuk the rest of the way ! they follow he through the horde . and see they bus . it 's absolutely ram . people be practically hang out of the window . madge there 's not enough room . graham it 's time to prove the first and only rule of India : there 's always room . he start to fight he way to the door . evely n 's at the back . she stop , for a moment , look around she . evelyn what lark , pip . Douglas be just ahead of she . he turn , smile . douglas let 's hope so . ext . highway - evening 28 muriel 's wheelchair be strapped to the back of the bus , which be scream down the six - lane highway . a huge tower of luggage be pile precariously on the roof . the road appear to be complete chaos ; car , bus , even cow overtake each other . the bus pull into the outside lane to follow a truck which be overtake some slower vehicle . as the truck pull back into the inside lane , it reveal a huge truck barrel towards they on the wrong carriageway . norman , sit at the front , scream he last scream ... norman nooooooo ..... 1! at the last minute , the bus pull back into the inside lane . the Indians on the bus take absolutely no notice . int . bus - evening 29 norman be grin from ear to ear . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 20 . norman I '' loving this ! Evelyn be sit next to madge . evelyn a few month ago I be organise the church flower . madge be you struggle with the feel you be not in control of you circumstance ? evelyn a little . madge you know what the shortest prayer in the world be ? evelyn no . madge fuck it . Evelyn laugh . madge ( cont have ) you be not do the church flower any more . May as well enjoy the ride . Douglas be watch a nice indian family . they be have a picnic . the father notice Douglas look , offer he some food . Douglas make the namaste gesture , take some happily . jean be you insane ? '' avoid all food not from a reputable vendor , it will have be wash with impure water . '' Douglas keep eat , with great enjoyment . douglas , it 's just a sandwich . jean marvellous . then I x11 have the ham , cheese , and streptococcus , please . or perhaps the bacteria , lettuce and tomato . Douglas turn to muriel . 30 31 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 21 . douglas would you like some of this ? I believe it 's aloo ka paratha . muriel if I can not pronounce it , I be not eat it . the cacophony of horn continue . Jean scream , as another collision loom . ext . countryside - dusk 30 the last of the light . the bus move on through a beautiful landscape . int . bus - night 31 everyone be asleep , or try to sleep . except muriel . she reach into she bag , and carefully remove a biscuit . she surreptitiously lift it to she mouth , and start to chew . madge have fall asleep on Evelyn 's shoulder . but Evelyn be still awake , as be Graham . evelyn how long since you be here ? graham forty year . evelyn as long as I be marry . ( beat ) he die recently . my husband . graham I be sorry . evelyn D ' you think we be go to be alright ? graham God , do not ask I . I be more scared than you be . they both smile , sit in silence for a bit . graham ( cont have ) yes . I think it 's go to be extraordinary . 32 33 34 34a 34b 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 22. ext . bus - dawn 32 the sun rise . a beautiful , pearly dawn . the bus drive through the great gate of jaipur . below , the city shimmer in the heat . it 's a magnificent sight . evelyn ( 0.s. ) what exactly be a tuk -tuk ? ext . jaipur STREET - dawn 33 we heroes be squash into a pair of they , face forward and backwards , attempt not to swallow too much dust as they wheel crazily through the teeming morning street of the city . they stare in amazement at the world racing past they . a scooter overtake . a young man be drive , he girlfriend riding side - saddle on the back . her sari billow out behind she . Douglas and Evelyn both watch she , strike by this image of beauty , youth and vitality . ext . STREET / garden path . marigold HOTEL - morning 34 the tuk -tuk have pull up , and we traveller emerge , exhaust and dirty , stare through some garden gate at the marigold Hotel . once a beautiful building , once possibly even luxurious , it be clearly in the process of be give at least half the face - lift it badly need . part of the building be freshly paint , some of the ornate balcony be crumble , and one wall be clad with crazily skew bamboo scaffold . a huge old tree tower over a untend garden , its branch poke into the window of the building . ext . rooftop . marigold HOTEL - morning 34a a young man lean out from a upper balcony to see the arrival below : sonny kapoor ( early 20' ) . he deposit a paint pot and brush on a parapet , and race off across the rooftop . ext . garden path / courtyard . marigold HOTEL - morning 34b daze and horrify , the traveller wander up the pathway . a cow stand in front of they be push into the garden by a couple of young houseboy who then run to the tuk-tuks to collect they luggage . 34 c 35 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 23. ext . stairway / courtyard . marigold HOTEL - morning 34c sonny clatter down the steep step , and come tear out onto a verandah , as the traveller arrive in the courtyard below . he spread he arm wide . sonny welcome to India !!! they stare up at he . ext /int . courtyard / hallway . bedroom . marigold HOTEL - day 35 the courtyard be not without charm , although somewhat delapidate . a fountain at the centre do not look as if it have see water in year , and fade awning be strung up haphazardly . sonny be lead madge into the darkness of the building , towards she room . sonny this be a building of the utmost character , which mean that perhaps not everything will function in the way you expect it to . but as the manager and chief executive supervise officer of the marigold Hotel , I can tell you with great pride that the building have stand for century , and will stand for many more , in 100 % shipshape condition . please follow I , carefully avoid that naughty stone there ... round this corner , lead we most successfully all the way to ++. you bedroom ! the room be very small , comfortable , and tastefully decorate . but there 's no door . madge where ? sonny here . in here . madge my dear man . room have door . what you be show I here be a alcove . sonny the door be come soon , most definitely . madge how soon ? 36 37 38 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 24 . sonny let we not concern ourselves with detail , Mrs hardcastle . Rather than speak of door , we should instead take pleasure in the freedom to roam . madge do you room have a door ? sonny oh yes . madge then that 's where I 'il be stay . ext . upper courtyard , marigold HOTEL - day 36 Douglas and Jean arrive at they room . Douglas go in through the arched doorway , promptly come back out again . douglas Bird in the room ! Bird in the room ! Jean push he aside , go on in . several pigeon be fly around in some panic . ext / int . verandah / bedroom . marigold HOTEL - day 37 Evelyn arrive at she room , go on in . the room be light and airy . and rather nice . but all the furniture be cover in sheet . as Evelyn stand there , sonny come rush in , yank all the sheet off , and run out again . ext / int . bedroom / terrace . marigold HOTEL - day 38 muriel wheel herself towards she room . stand inside be a male nurse , ajit . muriel swivel she chair around . Graham be just go into he room . muriel there 's a indian in there ! Graham smile , go on into he room . which be dusty , but comfortable and pleasant . he look around with satisfaction . 39 40 41 42 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 25 . ext . stairway , marigold HOTEL - day 39 norman be laboriously climb the stair to he room . he stop , catch he breath . ext . terrace , marigold HOTEL - day 40 ajit be attempt to explain himself to muriel . muriel my what ? ajit you physiotherapist . to help with you recovery after the operation . muriel you be not touch I . ajit traditionally that be how physiotherapy be practise . ext . roof , marigold HOTEL - day 41 norman come out onto the roof of the hotel . his room be right in front of he , a kind of penthouse cabin . a bed , but not much else . the tree poke in through the open window . he walk through the room , hang he battery radio on a hook and lean out of the balcony , surveying the view . norman this ' 1l do . int . reception ~- day 42 Jean be confront sonny . jean I want to stay at the other hotel , the one in the brochure . sonny Mrs ainslie , prepare to be amaze . this be that very building ! jean you have photoshop it ! sonny I have offer a vision of the future . ( more ) 43 44 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 26 . sonny ( cont would ) of course I have hope that by now it would be the present . but in India we have a say : everything will be alright in the end . so if it be not alright , then it be not yet the end . jean what will start to make this alright be for you to give we a refund . sonny of course if that be what you desire , you must have it . absolutely no problem , I will refund you completely . jean you will ? straight away ? sonny without question , Mrs ainslie , I most definitely will . straight away in three month . int . graham nos room . marigold HOTEL - day 43 Graham be take some thing out of he bag : a old map of jaipur , sepia-tinted photograph of a british family during the raj , official document yellowing with age . he pick up a photograph , look at it . from outside , we can hear ajit , the physiotherapist ... ajit ( 0.s. ) «+. a stay of five day and it be do under general anaesthesia . a hip replacement usually take only two hour ... ext . terrace . marigold HOTEL - day 44 ajit 's explanation continue . muriel be try not to panic . ajit you surgeon will remove the top end of the thigh bone , and insert a artificial bone instead . a most routine procedure . muriel have you get a marker pen on you ? ajit why ? 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 27 . muriel I want to mark it . so you do not take the wrong hip . 45 ext . upper verandah . marigold HOTEL - day 45 Douglas be on he way down the stair . Evelyn come out of she bedroom . evelyn oh , hello . douglas be everything alright ? evelyn I be just go to find the manager . douglas . I be afraid he 's deal with my wife . or vice versa . evelyn I promise I no call my son , to tell he I have arrive , and - douglas and the phone in you room do not work . May I ? 45a int . evelyn 's room . marigold HOTEL - day 45 a Douglas pick up the very old - style phone . Evelyn be watch . douglas ( cont have ) now , do you try jiggling it a bit ? evelyn yes , do that . douglas do you kind of bang it lightly on the desk a few time ? evelyn that too . douglas emm . he twist off the mouthpiece of the receiver , lift the receiver carefully . and blow on it . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 28 . evelyn how do you come to be here ? in India . douglas I invest we - well , my - retirement money in we daughter 's internet company . she assure I that as soon as the start - up actually start up , and the conversion from virtual to actual prove sufficiently viable , then she would be able to pay it all back . evelyn I be not sure I understand what most of that word mean . douglas it turn out neither do she . Douglas have put the mouthpiece back on , hold the receiver to he ear . douglas ( cont have ) there you be . good as new . evelyn really ? douglas no , of course not . I have get no idea what I be do . Evelyn burst out laugh . douglas ( cont have ) now , would you like I to not fix that chair ? because I can do that too . 45b ext . stairway . marigold HOTEL - night 45 B the houseboy be struggle with the unequal task of pull muriel 's wheelchair , with muriel in it , up the narrow step . sonny ( 0.s. ) in honour of you arrival , a special welcome british roast for you all ! 46 ext . upper courtyard - night 46 a group of mismatch table and chair , that constitute the dining area of the hotel . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 29 . sonny be serve up a meal . his guest , wear garland of marigold , listen politely . sonny -.. cook lovingly by myself and my most loyalist factotum and helper , Young wasim ... he point to young wasim . who be about 80 , and be sit in the corner , fast asleep . madge roast what ? sonny a wonderful taste of blighty . madge roast what ? sonny roast goat curry . douglas . yes please . jean so the upshot be that he 's spend all we money get we here , and we can not leave till he 's make some more . muriel have arrive at she table . sonny Gentle friend , you have find you way to this place , bequeath to I by my beloved father , that I have raise from the ruin of he break dream , and rename the best exotic marigold Hotel for the elderly and beautiful . yes , I use the word most deliberately .... norman be not look very well at all . sonny do not notice , keep on go . sonny ( cont would ) ++- you have all hear the chime at midnight , and long in tooth have you become . who know how many day you have leave ? but we be most honoure that you have choose to spend that time with we . norman 's head suddenly tip forward , and he fall from he chair onto the floor . 47 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 30 . General panic . everybody crowd round , but no one know what to do . sonny ( cont would ) let I through , please . my brother be a doctor . he kneel next to norman , and check he watch as he feel for a pulse . everybody wait . and then ... sonny ( cont have ) this man be dead . a appal silence . sonny ( cont would ) please , we must cover he face . we should preserve he dignity at this terrible moment . madge look around . all there be be a napkin . she pass it sonny , who lay it over the face of norman . who promptly cough . douglas he just cough . I hear he cough ! evelyn he move ! he 's alive ! madge he 's faint , that 's all . sonny shake he watch next to he ear . it 's stop . norman sit up . norman what 's go on ? do I nod off ? everyone crowd round norman , help lift he back up . except muriel . she just stare at they all . muriel Hell . I be in hell . ext . STREET . marigold HOTEL - dawn 47 the sun rise . a washer - man bicycle up to the hotel , a load of clean sheet balanced on he handlebar . shopkeeper on the street be beginning to set out they ware . 48 49 50 51 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 31 . evelyn ( v.o. ) Day nine . Old habit die easier than we think , and new one form . int . evelyn 's room , marigold HOTEL - dawn 48 Evelyn be type - hunt and peck - at she computer . beside she , the classified page of the local newspaper . evelyn ( v.0 . ) no longer do I reach out in the morning for Radio 4 . my news come instead from the jaipur Herald ... ext . STREET , marigold HOTEL - day 49 a sign read : ' the best exotic marigold HOTEL for the elderly and beautiful - OPEN for business . 's sonny affix a sticker : ' now with guest ! 's evelyn ( v.0 . ) +++ soon I might even grow accustom to the storm of car horn and vendor . ext . STREET , central jaipur - day 50 the main road in jaipur be chaotically busy . crowd , bike , cow , dust , noise , and laughter . sonny 's batter old car have break down . madge be in the front seat , Douglas and Jean in the back . sonny be aim a couple of kick at the engine . evelyn ( v.0 . ) can there be anywhere else in the world that be such a assault on the sense ? ext / int . public record office , jaipur - day 51 a office out of a kafka novel ; cloth bag contain file be pile all around the room , floor to ceiling . Graham be seat at a desk , in front of a sober official . he be fill in a form . evelyn ( v.0o . ) that who know the country of old just go about they business . but nothing can prepare the uninitiated for this riot of noise and colour ... 51a 52 53 54 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 32 . ext . jantar mantar observatory . jaipur - day s1a norman seem less interested in the astonish geometric device of the ancient observatory than in the female tourist who have come to see they ... ext . STREET , central jaipur - day 52 the chaos and din of the street be even more mind -boggle . madge now have the bonnet up , and be study the engine . Douglas stand in the street , stare in wonderment around Inside the car , Jean look utterly traumatize , shrink lower in she seat as a horde of kid swarm at the window , shouting , wheedling , gesticulate . sonny do he best to wave they away . evelyn ( v.0o . ) ++. for the heat , the motion , the perpetual teeming crowd . sonny be conduct he own personal assault on we sense ... int . upper courtyard , marigold HOTEL - night 53 the guest look on with trepidation , as another meal be laid before they . evelyn ( v.0 . ) +». with the flow of exotic dish he demand daily from the kitchen . mooli moong dal. baghara baingan . banjari gosht . paneer methi Chaman ... as the list unfold , the guest , one by one , enter they bathroom ; a litany of door close ... until norman . evelyn ( v.0 . ) ( cont no ) mutton vindaloo ... norman lie on he bed , read the kama sutra . he spin the book round , in order to study a illustration more intently . int . hospital , jaipur - day 54 the hospital put the nhs to shame . it 's hi-tech , bright , and spanking clean . 55 56 57 58 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 33 . sonny push muriel through the door of the lobby . the reception area be a forest of dark skin . muriel be rigid with fear . evelyn ( v.0 . ) initially you be overwhelm . but gradually you realise : it 's like a wave . resist , and you will be knock over ... sonny be in discussion with some doctor . then he turn to see that muriel have vanish . through the window muriel can be see frantically wheeling herself away down the path ... evelyn ( v.0o . ) ( cont have ) dive into it , and you will swim out the other side . ext / int . STREET / room , marigold HOTEL - day 55 madge be exchange some coin with a street trader in return for a mobile phone . in she room , madge scan a phone directory , and dial a number . evelyn ( v.0o . ) this ig a new and different world . int . evelyn 's room , marigold HOTEL - day 56 Evelyn be finish she blog . she pick up the paper , check something . evelyn ( v.0o . ) the challenge be to cope with it . ext . garden , marigold HOTEL - day 57 Evelyn be come down the path to the gate . evelyn ( v.0 . ) and not just cope ... but thrive . ext . STREET , jaipur - day 58 Evelyn be walk down a rough street on the outskirt of the city . kid be everywhere , laugh , shouting , do trick , begging . Evelyn approach they , hold up a piece of paper . 59 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 34 . evelyn please , can anyone direct I to this address ? Evelyn 's piece of paper get pass around : none of the kid can read . a older boy finally point . suddenly there 's lot of point . evelyn ( cont would ) thank you . she go to move , but the kid be still all around she . evelyn ( cont would ) I be sorry , I do not ... I do not really have much ... she give they the content of she pocket . evelyn ( cont have ) alright ? alright now ? Goodbye . she start to walk , be surprised that the entire posse of kid walk with she . in fact , the group seem to be grow exponentially . she look like the pied piper . int . douglas and jean nos room , marigold HOTEL - day 59 Douglas be get ready to go out . Jean clearly be not . douglas Graham be talk about this marvellous temple . I think you might want to come with I . jean I be you wife . have we meet ? douglas you would really rather stay here all day ? jean give the alternative , yes . douglas , when I walk out in the morning , the street kid all smile at I . jean because you give they money . douglas one do this trick where he hold he hand out in front of himself , and then swing through he own arm . get to be worth a rupee or two . ( more ) 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 34a . douglas ( cont would ) ( beat ) I x11 go on my own then . 60 61 61a 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 35 . ext . chand pole STREET . jaipur - day 60 the road be absolutely ram ; with car , bike and rickshaw . all honk horn , all seemingly head in different direction . Evelyn have somehow make it to the central reservation . she take a deep breath , and plunge into the maze of traffic , head for the other side . ext . rickshaw . suburban road , jaipur - day 61 Graham be in a rickshaw . the rickshaw driver , pravesh , be drive it through a neighborhood in transition . skeletal structure of a new India rise above the house . ext . build site / STREET . jaipur - day 61a some kid play cricket . the rickshaw weave its way through they and come to a halt . Graham get out , and stand in the street , dwarf by a huge modern building , some month away from completion . graham this can not be right , surely ? pravesh I be think so , saab . graham but there be house all along here ... this be home . pravesh I can take you some other place ..? graham no . that will do for now . thank you . he hand over some money , and pravesh pedal away . Graham turn to look at the boy play cricket . one of they , sanjay , be bat . graham ( cont would ) Excuse I . there use to be house here ... sanjay all knock down . graham and the people ? the family ? 62 63 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 36 . sanjay they move . Graham nod , turn to look at the giant structure that have take over , then turn back . graham do not grip so tightly with you right hand . sanjay look puzzle . graham ( cont would ) on the bat . the right be just a guide . keep you leave elbow high , play down the line of you arm , and then you will hit through the ball .. sanjay look at he , squinting in the sun . int . corridor . hospital - day 62 ajit be wheeling muriel through the hospital . muriel when can I go back to England ? ajit as soon as you can walk onto the plane . how do the hip feel ? muriel they must have get lucky . ajit it 's strange . I think the more operation they perform , the luckier they get . he glance down at muriel , who betray no sign of get ajit 's joke . ext . market . back street - day 63 Evelyn be still search for the right address . she 's turn off the main road , and be head down a narrow side street . the city have become denser , and the wall seem to have close in . she push she way through the crowded market . 63a 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 37 . ext . passage / courtyard - day 63a uncertain , Evelyn turn down a narrow alley , and suddenly find herself in a enclose courtyard strewn with makeshift wash line . the atmosphere be faintly threaten . as she try to find she way out , she become aware that she be be watch : the wall be full of doorway , and people have come out to stare at she . she have stumble into they home . Evelyn try to suppress she panic , turn from one face to another . evelyn I be so sorry . I do not realise - she back into a kind of flatbe trolley , pile high with cooking utensil , which clatter noisily to the ground . she go to pick they up . evelyn ( cont '' ) oh , I be dreadfully sorry ... a man be stare at she : suresh . suresh yes . evelyn ( cont would ) I be sorry , I be just try to get to this address . suresh yes . evelyn do you understand I ? can you help I find this place ? suresh yes . evelyn be that yes you understand , or yes you can help I ? suresh yes . some of the child who have gather laugh at this , and the tension be break slightly . evelyn let 's go with both , shall we ? 63b 64 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 38 . ext . STREET . jaipur - day 63b suresh 's flatbe trike be roll down the street , pile impossibly high with bundle of brightly - coloured textiles . on the back , enthrone in the fabric , be Evelyn . ext . wasteland - day 64 Graham be play cricket with the teenager . he 's good , too . he whacks a ball off into the distance . graham ( triumphant ) yes ! a boy run off to fetch the ball . Graham half -run , half - walk to the other end , then turn for a second run , breathe heavily . then walk back to the crease , get ready for the next delivery . it 's hot and he 's tired , but he have not feel this good for year . sanjay give I the ball . I can take he . he turn cheerily to Graham . sanjay ( cont would ) down be where you be go , uncle . graham come on . do you worst . they be both enjoy the banter , as sanjay head back to the beginning of he run-up , then turn and sprint in to as Graham watch sanjay run towards he , sanjay seem to slow , he movement become sluggish , never seem to reach the crease . he look at the face of the other boy , freeze , wait . the ball seem to take forever to leave sanjay 's hand . Graham step back , completely fail to play a stroke , and be bowl . sanjay that 's what I be talk about ! I feel the need , the need for - Graham still have not move . sanjay ( cont would ) be you alright , uncle ? Graham find he voice at last . 65 66 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 39 . graham yes . yes , I be fine . ext . STREET / call centre build - day 65 suresh brake , stop outside a glass - clad high - rise building . suresh yes . suresh help Evelyn down off the back . evelyn thank you . suresh yes . evelyn this be it ? suresh yes . evelyn then thank you . you be very kind . suresh yes . he ride off . Evelyn look nervously up at the building . int . operation room . call centre - day 66 a brightly - light open plan office on a high floor of the building . the city sprawl magnificently below . partition divide off the cubicle . within they sit row of worker , all early 20 's , all with headsets clamp to they ear . as chaotic as the street of jaipur be , this place be immaculate , control and efficient . we hear snatch of what they be say . telemarketers thank you for talk to we today «+ . we do appreciate you call ++ . while I have you on the phone , can I talk to you about we special offer ... you call be important to we ... now be there anything else I can help you with ... should not take more than five minute ... you custom be valuable to we ... ( more ) 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 39a . telemarketers ( cont would ) I be afraid I 'il have to refer that to my supervisor ... just a routine security check before we start ... thank you for talk to we today .... through a glass partition , Evelyn can be see sit at a desk , talk to someone . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 40 . 67 int . supervisor's office . call centre - jay ( late 20 's ) be talk to Evelyn . jay you be sure I can not offer you something ? we have English Breakfast tea . Building tea , as you call it . evelyn builder 's tea . it 's call builder 's tea . and no , I be fine . thank you . jay tell I then . how can I help you ? beat . evelyn I do not think you can . I be sorry , I should not have come . she stand . jay wait - evelyn I see you advertisement in the local paper , and it specifically mention the ability to talk to older people . but this be not what I imagine ... jay you come for a job ? evelyn I have waste you time . jay Mrs greenslade . everyone work here be a graduate of a good university . this be a place for ambitious people . Young people . evelyn I see that . good day . jay please . one second . Evelyn stop . jay ( cont would ) it be really builder 's tea ? day 67 68 69 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 41 . evelyn yes . we dunk biscuit into it . jay you dunk ? evelyn it mean lowering a biscuit into you tea , let it soak in there , then try to calculate the exact moment just before it dissolves to whip it up to the mouth , and enjoy the blissful union of biscuit and tea combine . ( beat ) it 's more relax than it sound . jay perhaps you can help we after all . int . operation room . call centre - day 68 a few minute later . from the open-plan office Evelyn can be see talk to jay . one person watch be sunaina ( 20' ) . she 's talk on the phone . sunaina we do appreciate you custom , which be very important to we . and can I draw you attention to we special - but the person at the other end have hang up . sunaina start to dial another number . then the clock hit 11 , and a buzzer sound . sunaina get up , head for the door . ext . forecourt . call centre - day 69 dozen of motorcycle be park in front of the building . people be hang around chat and smoking . sonny arrive on he motorcycle , a bag of marigold strapped to the pillion seat . sunaina , who be with some friend , spot he , come over . she smile as he pull she to he . sunaina I get two break in eight hour . explain to I why I would want to waste one of they with you - 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 42 . he kiss she . she kiss he back . sonny leave this place . come and work for I . sunaina you can not afford I . sonny I can not afford anything . sunaina still tempting . I miss you . be I come round tonight ? sonny let 's meet somewhere else . I will rent a hotel room . sunaina sonny , you own a hotel . it have many room . sonny some of they now occupy . with actual real guest . sunaina pay guest ? sonny why must you nitpick ? it be not a attractive quality . sunaina it be not ? they kiss again , start to make out a bit . then .. jay ( 0.s. ) sunaina ! they turn to see jay who have come out of the call Centre . jay ( cont would ) ( call , to sonny ) you can let go of my sister now . break 's over . sonny hello jay . jay sonny boy . sonny do not call I that . jay smile , hold the door open for sunaina . 70 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 43. jay let 's go . ext . garden - evening 70 Jean be sit in a chair , read . Graham come up the path . jean good evening , you honour . graham Mrs ainslie . I hope you have a good day . what do you get up to ? jean well , I start in my bedroom , where I have a lovely couple of hour give all the cockroach name . then after a lunch that will long have a place in my heartburn , I come out here ... and stare blindly at a book wait for someone - anyone to rescue I . and how glad I be it be you . graham why would you not go out ? there 's so much to see . Jean have hope for some appreciation of she wit , and be floor by he question . she can hardly understand , let alone tell he , the depth of she discomfort . graham ( cont no ) open you eye , Mrs ainslie . all life be here , I tell you . Jean stare at he . he go on through the archway into the hotel . then stop . graham ( cont would ) I could talk to the chef , if you like . perhaps get you some grill chicken , plain rice . jean I would appreciate that very much . Graham go on in . Jean just sit there . wish he have come back out again . 71 72 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 44 . ext . terrace . marigold HOTEL - night 7 muriel be back . she 's in she chair , on the terrace outside she room . a young hotel worker , anokhi , bring out a tray of food to she . muriel watch she , but anokhi be deferential , will not meet muriel 's eye . she put the tray down and leave . muriel just sit there , glaring balefully into the night , the untouched tray of food by she side . ext . upper courtyard - night 72 Evelyn come into the dining area . Graham be there , at a table in the corner . graham good evening . evelyn good evening . Evelyn sit at she table . evelyn ( cont have ) I trust you have a good day ? graham I no rather hear about yours . evelyn I get a job . my first . ever . I be go to be a sort of cultural advisor . graham a role I be sure you will perform with great distinction . he 's about to inquire further , when Evelyn see Douglas and Jean emerge from they room . evelyn perhaps if you would not mind keep that news to yourself . graham I be flatter you share it with I . he turn to greet the new arrival . graham ( cont have ) good evening , the ainsly . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 45 . evelyn have you have a good day ? douglas spectacular . ( to Graham ) I go to the temple you tell I about . a place of meditation and peace , quite stun . jean so spiritual , I bet you hardly notice the smell of elephant dung . douglas no elephant , sadly . still none . ( to Graham ) I think I might see you there . where do you get to instead ? jean yes , where do you get to every day ? graham well , I have just finish tell Mrs greenslade all about it . Evelyn register the lie , but say nothing . jean I be sure she would not mind hearing it again . she wait . but Graham be as elusive as he be tactful . graham I talk to the chef for you . he say it will be no problem . jean do you hear that , Douglas ? plain grill food ; manna from heaven . douglas I do not have to have it too , do I ? jean ( to Graham ) I do not know how to thank you . douglas ( to evely n ) you really should see this temple . 73 74 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 46 . evelyn I no like that very much . douglas but maybe take a clothes peg for you nose . ext . courtyard / upper verandah , marigold HOTEL - night 73 Graham and Evelyn emerge through the arch head for they room . Graham start down the stair . evelyn goodnight . graham goodnight to you . he seem about to say something else . she wait for a moment , then walk on . graham ( cont would ) Mrs greenslade ? evelyn Evelyn . graham can I show you something ? int . graham' room - night 74 moment later . Evelyn be sit in front of Graham 's 's collage . graham I grow up here . just a short drive away . it be a big house , and we have servant , everyone do . we know they wife , they child . one boy , manoj , become my friend . we play a lot of cricket together , play anything we could . and that 's how it stay for year . until one night , he become something more . ( beat ) we have a few month , we have that . there be a weekend in udaipur , we sit by a lake and watch the sun go down , and I remember think ... I will never be this happy again . and I be right . because quite suddenly it be over . we would fall asleep , and they find we . ( more ) 75 75 a 76 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 47 . graham ( cont would ) ( beat ) for I it be bad enough . but I already know who I be , and I think my family have guess . for manoj , the disgrace be absolute ; a double taboo . his father be fire , they be send away , all of they . I do not know what I could have do , but it should have be more than nothing . I put up no fight . I let it happen . ( beat ) soon afterwards I go to England , to University . I always tell myself I have come back . but I never do . evelyn until now . graham and now I think .. what if I be the last person on earth he want to see ? Evelyn say nothing . graham ( cont would ) I do not think I can go through with it . evelyn do you want to see he again ? graham yes . yes . oh yes . evelyn then you must . ext . temple / STREET . marigold HOTEL - day 75 as the bell toll , the faithful arrive at the temple for morning prayer . ext . upper verandah / servant courtyard - day 75a Evelyn stand outside she room , listen to the bell , sip a cup of tea , pensive . she look down into a dilapidate part of the building , where the staff be house . woman in bright saris go about they business . int / ext . muriel 's room / verandah , marigold HOTEL ~ day 76 from she wheelchair , muriel be re-making she bed . she tuck in a perfect hospital corner . 77 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 48. she look up . anokhi be on the verandah , replace she untouched supper tray with breakfast . anokhi be about to leave , but stop . then she go to fetch muriel 's jar of pickle from the windowsill , and place it on the table . muriel watch , then wheel herself outside , look at the tray . from outside , sonny 's voice can be hear . sonny ( 0.8 . ) and so now that we be fully operational , Mr maruthi , it be clear that with a small injection of fund for the phase two development ... ext . garden / courtyard . marigold HOTEL - day 77 brimming with confidence , sonny be walk a wealthy investor , mr maruthi , around the grounds . some builder be dismantle scaffold . sonny «+. the best exotic marigold Hotel can rise like a phoenix to its previous state of glory . and when I say small injection , I mean small in the sense of medium - size . possibly larger . mr maruthi this hotel be never glorious . sonny just the phoenix part then . mr maruthi how many room will there be ? sonny many . mr maruthi how many ? sonny a great amount . plenty of room , no question . they have arrive in the courtyard . sonny ( cont no ) I be not a detail man , Mr maruthi . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 49 , mr maruthi nor be you father . they see muriel on she verandah . sonny Mr maruthi , I present to you one of we beloved guest . dear Mrs donnelly , please describe in as much detail as you desire you experience of the ambience and atmosphere of the best exotic marigold Hotel . muriel kill I . kill I now . sonny steer Mr maruthi towards the reception , speak quietly . sonny the wheel be spin . but the hamster be dead . he stop , as he see a elegant older woman stand in the doorway . this be the redoubtable mrs kapoor . sonny ( cont have ) mummyji ! what be you do here ? mrs kapoor you call . I come . sonny I could not have call . the phone do not work . mrs kapoor that 's why I come . 78 int . sonny 's office . marigold HOTEL - day 78 moment later . sonny close the door behind he . his mother start go through the content of he desk . mrs kapoor who be that man out there ? sonny the content of this desk be mine . do not open the drawer . I must insist you do not open the drawer . Mrs kapoor open the drawer . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 50 . sonny ( cont have ) tell I why you have come . mrs kapoor do I need a reason to visit my favourite son ? sonny no . he be in he mansion in Delhi . mrs kapoor my second favourite . sonny he go to kerala to make he fortune . mrs kapoor but make it , he do . sonny as I will make mine . I have a dream , mummyji . a most brilliant one : to out - source old age . and not just for the british . there be many other country where they do not like old people too . mrs kapoor you brother own a third of the hotel each , they be entitle to a third of the profit . sonny success do not happen overnight , mummyji . this be blue sky think , and it require long - term strategy and patience . mrs kapoor how be you girlfriend ? sonny I look forward to you meeting she . mrs kapoor and I look forward to you meeting the woman you will marry . she be from a good family in Delhi . sonny I can marry as I choose , mummyji . I need no permission . mrs kapoor I presume it be you girlfriend who teach you such nonsense . one reason not to marry she . 79 80 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 51 . sonny what if I love she ? mrs kapoor a even better reason . now send Young wasim to the car for my luggage . sonny he can not carry , he have a dicky back ... wait , you luggage ? how long be you stay ? mrs kapoor as long as it take . int . bathroom . douglas and jean 's. marigold HOTEL - 79 day Jean be look out of she bathroom window , down into the courtyard . she see Graham come out of he room . she turn back to the mirror , look at herself . ext . muriel 's terrace . marigold HOTEL - day 80 near to muriel , anokhi be sweeping the floor . muriel you will not get the dirt out like that . anokhi just smile at she radiantly . muriel ( cont would ) I work in service for year , look after a lovely house . I keep it spotless . you need a bit more pressure on that brush . Graham walk past , on he way out . graham she will not speak English . she 's what use to be call a untouchable . a outcast , bear below society . to a good hindu , even she shadow be pollute . he greet anokhi in Hindi , and head for the door . muriel where do you go every day ? be it a woman ? nip round there for a curry and a bit of after ? 81 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 52 . graham I do not think so . I be gay . although nowadays more in theory than practice . good day . he leave . a moment later , Jean come rush out . immediately she realise two thing ; first , that Graham have already go . and second , that muriel be watch she . jean good morning . muriel say nothing . jean ( cont would ) Lovely day . still nothing from muriel . jean ( cont would ) Lovely . ( beat ) Lovely . she turn and go back in . muriel think for a while , then turn to anokhi . muriel Long old life , be not it ? ext . viceroy club - day 81 a classic colonial building , straight out of the English raj . madge be be show around by a elderly secretary , mr dharuna . mr dharuna the viceroy Club be open by the great Lord kitchener himself , and many of the fixture have remain unchange since then . madge yes , I see that . perhaps you could tell I a little about the clientele ? any maharajah ? wealthy widow land -owner ? mr dharuna it ig not the policy of this club to divulge detail of we member . they go past a very handsome older indian man . who radiate wealth and privilege . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 53 . mr dharuna ( cont would ) good morning , you excellency . madge where do I sign up ? mr dharuna the admission fee be 120,000 rupee , and thereafter 15,000 rupee each month . madge I wonder if I might get a little discount . owe to my status . mr dharuna you status , madam ? madge yes . one be rather hope to fly under the radar , but one be a member of the Royal family . mr dharuna which member , madam ? madge I be princess Margaret . mr dharuna ( bow slightly ) it be most surely a honour to meet you . and may I say how well you look . especially take into account that you die nine year ago . ( beat ) you real name please , madam . and 120,000 rupee . 82 int . public record office - day 82 Graham come into the chaotic office . the bookish official , mr chidambram , be behind the desk . graham good morning . mr chidambram good morning , sir. do I not say that we will contact you when there be information regard you inquiry ? graham yes , you do say that . you do . 83 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 mr chidambram while it be most pleasant to see you , you presence do not actually accelerate we investigation . graham I all try not to come in tomorrow . mr chidambram I expect I will see you then . int . call centre - day 54 . 83 none of the operator be on the phone . instead they be sit in a semi-circle , look curiously at Evelyn . who be sit next to jay , a little daunt by the attention . evelyn +.. you ring in the morning . let 's assume the person answer will be a woman . she will have have she breakfast . tea or coffee . semi-skimmed milk , always . if she 's under 50 she ’1ll be contemplate yet another diet , over 50 she will have more or less give up , and be eat toast . the radio may be play , or more likely daytime tv . a chat show , or a programme with a moderator speak to a panel of young woman whose boyfriend have all sleep with they mother . the girlfriend 's mother , I mean , not they own . although ... anyway , then the boyfriend usually come out , and everybody fight . sunaina be in the audience . she call out . sunaina I be not surprised people hang up on we . laughter . evelyn that 's the point . when the phone ring and it 's this robot ... nobody want a machine , but it 's almost worse when it 's a person behave like one . all this sale cliches just strung together . ' you call be important to we 's . be it ? well then sound like it . 84 85 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 55 . sunaina ' you custom be valuable 's . evelyn right . that one . do not ever say that . sunaina ' service be we middle name '. evelyn yes , when you middle name be actually ... sunaina shantanu . evelyn which be beautiful . you people be young , vibrant , real . I be sure the typical housewife would enjoy talk to each and every one of you . sunaina her morning sound like fun . what be you do here ? beat . evelyn I suppose I be not typical anymore . ( to jay ) be that the sort of thing ? int . madge 's room - evening 84 madge be at she mirror , do she make - up with great care . she look beautiful . ext . viceroy club bar - evening 85 madge walk up the gravel path towards the magnificent building . she 's superbly dress , look great . she go up to the barman . madge Excuse I . would there be any wealthy single man in tonight ? barman there be one . madge put some money into he breast pocket . 86 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 56 . madge perhaps you could seat I next to he ? barman this way , madam . he lead she along across the terrace . madge follow , check she hair , she breath , etc . the barman reach a ornate suite of furniture . there 's someone sit there , he back to we , a elegant arm drape over the side of the chair . barman ( cont would ) his Royal highness Prince Michael of Kent . the man rise from he chair and turn . and madge be leave stare at norman . there 's a pause . then madge reach into the barman 's breast pocket , and remove she money . madge I ' 1l have that back , thank you very much . ext . marigold HOTEL - evening 86 Graham come through the courtyard , head for he room . muriel be on she verandah . graham good evening . muriel nod at he , and he go on into he room . a moment later , Jean sit down next to muriel . jean you know where he go . I know you know . but you will not tell I . muriel say nothing . jean ( cont would ) I can get hobnob out here , you know . I know a way . ( beat ) as many as you want . milk or plain . Long pause . muriel Public record Office . 87 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 57 . jean thank you . ext . well - evening 87 a huge construction , century old , with a series of step reach down deep into the earth , so people can climb down to get they water . Young couple sit on the step in the evening heat , boy leap into the water . sonny and sunaina be watch the swimmer . sonny my father use to bring I to this well to swim . he say the water be better , and so be the people we would meet . ( beat ) he would have like you so much . sunaina smile at this . sonny ( cont no ) my mother do not want we to be marry . sunaina she have not meet I yet . sonny she do not need to meet you . sunaina absorb this . sonny ( cont no ) she know you be not from Delhi . that you have no family money , and work in a call centre . you be a part of a new India she can not welcome . sunaina be not this where you tell she what you want ? sonny that conversation will be easier when the hotel be a success . sunanina do you love I ? 88 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 58 . sonny I have find a new investor . I be most optimistic that he will enable we to move forward with phase two of the marigold Hotel Project sunanina should not you finish phase one first ? sonny in business , if you stand still , you move backwards . no , I have that wrong . if you stand still , you be overtaken by people go the other way . wait - sunaina you do not answer the question . do you love I ? sonny my feeling for you can not be reduce to a single word . sunaina it 's a nice word , sonny . and people like hearing it . sonny sunaina , please . my mother be wrong . it be you who be too good for I . sunanina you say that a lot . you should not I 'il start to believe you . they watch the boy in the water . int . viceroy club bar - night 88 madge and norman be sit together . norman be look across at the bar , where a attractive older ex - pat lady be sit , thus far resisting norman 's attempt to catch she eye . norman I still think you be cramping my style . madge please . you have no style to cramp . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 58a . norman that lady at the bar keep look at I . madge as one would something in a museum . norman why must you mock ? I just want to feel young again , to be need as much as I need , if only for one night , one wonderful night . tell I you do not know how that feel . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 59 . silence for a bit . madge give I a minute . then join we . she get up , head towards the bar . where she sit a couple of seat away from the woman . who be call carol . she sit there a moment , then sigh , and start to talk to the barman . madge ( cont no ) rejected again . many year ago , that man over there give I the most extraordinary night of my life . he may seem coarse and uncouth , but that only disguise a tenderness and a exquisite sensitivity to a woman 's need norman arrive at the bar . norman that drink not ready yet ? madge turn to Carol . madge they say patience be passion tame . Carol smile . madge ( cont would ) I be madge . carol Carol . madge and this ... be norman . carol how do you do ? norman Carol ? as in Christmas ? madge wince . carol I suppose . norman great . silence . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 60 . madge so what bring you to jaipur , Carol ? norman yes , Carol . what bring you to jaipur ? carol I run a small boutique travel agency . but I have actually live here all my life . my father work in the foreign Office . another silence . norman you be very fit . carol I beg you pardon ? madge oh god . norman I mean you look like you keep yourself in shape . physically . carol well , I do join a gym last year . it cost a fortune , and I do not get any fitter . apparently you have to actually go . madge laugh . norman do not . then realize that it be a joke , let out a too- loud bray of laughter . carol ( cont no ) and so what do you do , norman ? norman I ? carol yes . norman oh. I be ... madge norman 's in business . carol really ? norman yes. 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 61 . carol what business ? norman ( to madge ) you tell she . madge import-export . norman although this day there 's rather more ex - than Im - , if you see what I mean . carol I be afraid I do not . madge get up . madge I have to splash some water on my face . please God I drow in it . she head for the bathroom . norman and Carol share another silence . carol well look , it 's be lovely chat . norman no it have not . carol no . it have not . but I really must — norman Carol ? she be about to go , stop . norman ( cont have ) can we drop all this pretence ? and start again ? I be not charming . I '' not good at repartee . and I be not a plutocrat with the sexual capacity of a rutting rhino . my name be norman . and I be lonely . carol my name be Carol . so be i. 89 int . viceroy club bar - night 89 Minutes later . madge come out of the bathroom . 90 91 92 93 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 62. evelyn ( v.0 . ) Day 22 . like darwin 's finch , we be slowly adapt to we environment . and when one do adapt , my god , the rich that be available . madge look across the bar . and be startle to see norman and Carol chat up a storm , laugh together . as she watch , norman order more drink , then turn smile back to he new friend . madge walk slowly out of the bar , and into the night . int . evelyn 's room . marigold HOTEL - morning 90 Evelyn be at she computer , type . evelyn ( v.0 . ) there be no past that we can bring back by long for it ... ext . path / garden . marigold HOTEL - day 91 ajit be push muriel down to the gate for she morning constitutional . evelyn ++. only a present that build and create itself as the past withdraw ... int . supervisor 's office . call centre - day 92 jay be count out cash into Evelyn 's hand ; she first paycheck . evelyn and India , like so many thing in life , like life itself I suppose , be about what you bring to it . ext . jaipur STREET - day 93 ajit be push muriel through a poor neighborhood . muriel be look leave and right , astound by the life she see . muriel where 's this ? where be we ? ajit janta colony kachi basti . muriel what happen to my usual route ? 94 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 63. ajit anokhi have invite you to she home . muriel you do not tell I . ajit you would have say no . int . douglas and jean 's room . marigold HOTEL - day 94 Jean be sit , read a book . jean will you check in at the bank ? Douglas emerge from the bathroom . douglas , I check yesterday . and the day before . as request . ( beat ) will you be stay in again ? jean why do you ask that every morning ? douglas because I hope for a different answer . because I think you 'il be hurt if I do not . and because it 's not healthy for you to spend all day and every day in the confines of the hotel . he go back into the bathroom . Jean change the subject . jean I do not sleep a wink . the tap in there never stop drip . douglas ( 0.s. ) I talk to Young wasim about it . jean what do he say ? douglas ( 0.s. ) no idea . it be in Hindi . Douglas come out of the bathroom , hold the tap . douglas ( cont have ) I think I might get it fix myself . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 63a . jean you ? when ? 95 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 64 . douglas no time like the present . actually I say that , but I enjoy yesterday , and I be optimistic about tomorrow too . jean I wish I could say the same . douglas . so do i. he go . Jean sit for a while , look utterly disconsolate and lose . then she get up , go over to the balcony . down below she can see Graham leave . ext . lower courtyard - day 95 madge be sit on a chair . norman arrive . norman you madgesty . madge I gather the night go well . norman would you like to hear about it ? madge not in the least . norman good . because you be go to . two drink , some sexually charge banter - Douglas come out , carry a tap . and head out of the archway . douglas Morning . Lovely day . madge good morning . they watch he leave . norman two drink , some sexually charge banter , and we be head back to she place . bid the rickshaw farewell , I walk she to the door . ( more ) 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 65 . norman ( cont would ) and there , my young friend , I lean forward , and I kiss she . beat . madge and ? norman and what ? madge be that all ? you do not seal the deal ? norman we have a date next week . madge what be wrong with you ? norman I want to prolong the anticipation . to spend some time with the knowledge that soon I be go to eat , drink , and laugh with someone , hold she to I , kiss she softly . then go back to she place and get my end away . 96 ext . market - day 96 the market be buzzing with commerce . Evelyn be at a stall sell fabric , talk to the vendor , akram . evelyn ( hold up a pashmina ) how much for this , please kitna paise akram one thousand rupee ek hazaar rupia evelyn thank you . she reach for she wallet . then Douglas speak from behind she . douglas no no , forgive I . that 's not how it work . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 65a . Evelyn turn , happy to see he . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 66 . evelyn good morning . douglas and to you . sorry to butt in , but you do not ask he how much he want , you just tell he how much you will pay . ( to akram ) she will give you two hundred . absolutely no more , final offer . akram one thousand rupee . douglas pity . ( to evely n ) now walk away . walk away . evelyn but - douglas I know what I be do . Evelyn comply , and they turn and walk away . evelyn yes . the thing be , you see , I do actually want to buy that . to brighten up my room . douglas he ’1ll come after we . evelyn do you think so ? douglas absolutely . this be how the game be play . just keep on walk . they push through the crowd . douglas ( cont have ) he 's play it cool , but he 'il come . they keep walk . douglas ( cont no ) he 's play it very cool . they keep walk . then Douglas stop . Evelyn look at he . 97 98 98a 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 67 . douglas ( cont have ) he 's not come . CUT to : moment later . they be back at akram 's stall . Evelyn count out the money . evelyn eight hundred and fifty , nine hundred , nine hundred and fifty , one thousand . she turn to Douglas , smile . evelyn ( cont would ) you all get he next time . then she notice something . evelyn ( cont would ) why be you carry a tap ? int . marigold HOTEL , douglas and jean be room - day 97 Jean give up on the sentence she have already read a hundred time , and snap she book shut . she stand , then sit again . then stand . ext . sweeper colony - day 98 ajit be now push muriel through a poverty - stricken slum . the people live on the street , or in collapse tin shack . everywhere there be struggle and deprivation . and yet the pervasive atmosphere be nowhere near as depress as we would expect . the colour be bright , the smile on the child 's face even brighter . not that muriel can recognise the joy , of course . she 's horrify by she surroundings . and acutely aware of the stare of the slum-dweller . ext . anokhi 's hut - day 98a a primitive brick and cement hut , one of the few amongst dwelling make mostly from stick and plastic bag . a bunch of young kid be fascinate by muriel 's wheelchair , push it around and take turn to sit on it . 99 100 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 68. int . anokhi 's hut - day 99 muriel sit on the only chair . opposite - squash together as if pose for a photograph - be all the generation of anokhi 's family : anokhi herself , she husband , mother , grandmother , and several child . they all smile at muriel . a long pause . then muriel turn to ajit . muriel how soon can I leave ? int / ext . hardware shop - day 100 Douglas be talk to jamshed , who work behind the counter . Evelyn sit outside . douglas you see what I think , and of course I be no expert , be that the valve seat have erode , so we will need the washer change and a new seat re-ground . Douglas glance back at Evelyn . who betray not the slight scepticism . jamshed study the tap . jamshed the gland nut have come away from the spindle . douglas well of course , it could be that too . can you fix it ? jamshed not cheaply . not cheaply . most expensively indeed . jamshed take the tap to a workstation at the back , start to fiddle with it . Douglas join Evelyn . douglas I be in a tuk - tuk the other day , do not seem to be take the usual route back to the hotel . it turn out that the driver have decide to take I to another hotel , that he be sure I would prefer . and of course one want to believe that he genuinely have my welfare at heart , and that it be not run by . he brother - in-law . ( more ) 101 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 69 . douglas ( cont would ) one want to trust , in general , do not you think ? but you never really know , do you ? jamshed stop fiddling with the tap . and take a hammer to it . evelyn the day I meet my husband be the day the fair come to town . girlfriend and I go on the carousel . her horse be fine . but when the ride begin I feel mine give a little , like it might collapse . then this strong arm be around I , hold the horse together . and a voice in my ear say '' just trust I '' . and I do . without question . until the day he die . douglas how wonderful . evelyn the sale of we flat go through last week . I have to sell it to pay off Hugh 's debt . ( beat ) I have be force to get a job out here . which , in fact , I love . but even at sonny 's rate , I still could not make end meet . after what my own husband do to we life savings . ( beat ) sono . you be right . you never know . jamshed hold up the tap . which be now in several part . jamshed no good . you must be buy another . ext . pathway / gate / STREET , marigold HOTEL - day 101 Jean walk down the path to the gate . she stop , look fearfully at the chaotic sea of humanity outside . she 's unable to move . finally , she step out . and be of course immediately assault by the assort kid , beggar , street vendor , etc . as anxiety begin to engulf she , she quicken she pace , brush through they as best she can , until she be almost run . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 70 . 102 int . anokhi 's hut - day 102 muriel be still at the tea party . anokhi speak . ajit translate . ajit she want to thank you for you kindness . muriel I have not be kind . ajit you nre the only one that acknowledge she . anokhi bring out a plate of food . anokhi farkha dhal . chapati . muriel I be not eat that . ajit you will insult she very deeply if you do not . muriel look up . they be all still watch , wait , smile . she look at anokhi 's grandmother , as dignify as she be old . muriel reach out , take something off the tray . and have a bite . it 's not too bad . muriel I would still rather a scotch Egg . then she see something through the open doorway : the child have turn she wheelchair on its side and be spin the wheel . she 's on she foot in a flash . muriel ( cont would ) get off ! get off it , you dirty thieve bastard ! several terrify face turn . one little girl start to cry . everyone be stare at muriel . muriel ( cont have ) I do not see . they be play . I be sorry . I be sorry ... 103 104 104a 105 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 71 . ext . STREET . jaipur - day 103 Jean be now in a tuk -tuk , lurching and weaving through the traffic , a handkerchief clasped firmly over she mouth , panic in she eye . int . staircase / corridor / office . public record office . 104 jaipur - day the corridor be full of people patiently wait they turn to grapple with a vast bureaucracy . reaching the top of the staircase , Jean take it all in . she walk down another corridor . then stop . through a doorway , she see Graham at the desk , talk to Mr chidambram . CUT to : in the office . graham but I have fill out that form . I have give it to you . many time . mr chidambram there be a process . you be make a enquiry . for each enquiry a form must be fill in . graham but it 's the same enquiry I make every day . mr chidambram and therefore the same form you must fill in . Graham glance towards the doorway , catch sight of Jean . they eye lock , then Jean pull back out of sight , panicked . int . corridor , public record office . jaipur - day 108a4a Jean be hurry down a corridor . behind she , Graham emerge from a doorway , and call to she grabam Mrs ainslie .....? omitted 105 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 72 . 106 int . tea room . jaipur - day 106 later . Jean and Graham be sit in a elegant tea room . Jean be still very shake . jean I do not know how you can bear this country . what do you see that I do not ? graham unutterable beauty . everywhere . in the light , the colour , the smile , the people who see life as a privilege not a right , and so teach I something every day . the waiter bring they tea . jean be this milk pasteurize ? waiter yes madam . jean but that 's not true , be it ? you be just lie to I right now it all be fine . the waiter go . she look graham ( cont would ) it 's a pleasant surprise to see you out and about . be it ? at he . graham yes . that 's progress . where be you go ? 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 73. jean to the bank . I ... be go to the bank . not that there 's any reason to think something have change . but we daughter , you see , she do promise , and one do try to remain optimistic . one have to . otherwise ... otherwise ... Graham worry she might be about to break down . he reach across the table , put he hand on hers . she lean forward , put she other hand over he , hold on tightly . Graham be startle . he try gently to pull back , but she hold on . graham Jean - jean oh god . be it possible you feel the same ? she bring he hand to she mouth , kiss it . jean ( cont would ) the way you talk to I . you compassion , you understanding ++. the wonderful , tender consideration , it have to be more than just - graham I be gay . she stare at he . beat . jean as in ... happy ? Graham say nothing . Jean let go of he hand . jean ( cont have ) yes . I see . of course I see . the ghastly inappropriateness of it all settles on they both . jean ( cont would ) I appear to have humiliate myself . and embarrassed you . graham I be not embarrassed . Jean smile wanly , grateful for he lie . 107 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 jean like I say . this country be drive I mad . ( beat ) shall we go ? ext / int . douglas and jean 's room . marigold HOTEL 74 . - day107 Evelyn be outside in the courtyard . we do not see Douglas . evelyn anything ? douglas ( 0.s. ) not yet . Evelyn wait a moment . evelyn how about now ? douglas ( 0.s. ) one second . another pause . douglas ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) oh good lord . evelyn what ? douglas ( 0.s. ) listen . the sound of a flow tap . douglas ( 0.s. ) ( cont no ) and now ... the tap stop . douglas ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) no drip . he appear in the doorway , triumphant . douglas ( cont no ) no drip ! he walk towards she , hand in the air . douglas ( cont have ) hi-five ! Evelyn just look at he . she 's never hi-five anyone in she life . after a moment Douglas put he hand down . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 75 . douglas ( cont no ) I have never do that before . it just seem appropriate . Jean have appear at the other side of the courtyard . Douglas sense she mood , move towards she . douglas ( cont would ) darling ! evelyn Mrs ainslie , how be you ? do you have a good day ? Jean do not answer . she 's stare at Douglas . who look so happy . douglas let I tell you about ours . you husband of many a year , who have never even know which end of a hammer to use , have actually manage to - jean ( suddenly interrupt ) we have to get out of here . douglas what do you say ? jean I can not stay in this country a moment longer . douglas why ...? evelyn do excuse I . she make a tactful exit . Jean be go past Douglas into they room . douglas I do not understand ... jean ( interrupt ) pick a reason . pick ten . the climate , the squalor , the poverty she go past he into they room . 108 109 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 76 . int . douglas and jean ‘s room - continuous 108 jean «+. we should never have come . this whole trip be a grotesque fantasy . it 's time to go home . Jean start to pack . irrationally , compulsively . douglas who 's pay for the ticket ? jean ( not hearing he ) look at we . a group of self - delude old fossil traipsing around as if it 's we bloody gap year . humiliate ourselves ... douglas not we , we can not pay . and I do not see you ask we friend back home ... jean ( overlap ) «+ . we should just face up to the truth . that we be all old , we be all past it . that 's the real truth , the raw , unvarnish fact of the matter . all we be good for now be the beige bloody bungalow with the sodd panic button in the sodd corner ... she stop pack , and subside onto the bed , cry quietly . nobody speak for a while . douglas ( gently ) we just have to make the best of it , darling . I really think that 's the best thing to do . jean yes , well . when I want you opinion , I '1l give it to you . int . meehar clinic - morning 109 a impossibly small roadside clinic . norman be sit there , the only man in three row of brightly dress woman . dr rama come out of the consulting area . 110 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 77 . dr rama Mr John Smith . no response . the doctor look at norman , who have forget he own alias . dr rama ( cont have ) Mr John Smith ? norman jump up . norman that 's right ! me! ext / int . market / operation room . call centre - day 110 sonny be at the flower market , sit on he motor bike , wait for the flower vendor to tie up he bundle of marigold . he 's on he phone . sonny come on . pick up pick up pick up . the phone be answer at the other end . sonny ( cont have ) ( into phone ) sunaina , I must see you . I must . if I can not hold you body against mine , I swear I will go mad . we cut to the call centre . it 's not sunaina on the phone , but jay , who be stand next to she . sonnyxa voice ( on phone ) I yearn for you , I burn for you , ie jay I think it 's my sister you be burn for there , sonny boy . sonny thank you , jay . thank you . jay hand the phone to sunaina . sunaina hey . sonny private line , sunaina . do that word mean nothing to you ? 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 78 . sunaina he take the phone . what could I do ? sonny I miss you . I miss you every moment . come and see I . tonight . sunaina I cannot tonight . it be my parent 25th wedding anniversary . tell you mother that . sonny come after . come late sunanina you ’1ll be asleep . sonny I nil be wait . sunanina you 'il be asleep . but i can wake you in that special way .... sonny you will sneak in ? sunaina I be not ashamed . sonny neither be i. absolutely not . there be no shame . you do not have to sneak . ( beat ) all the same , if you do want to be very quiet , and not let anyone see you , it could not hurt . 111 int . consulting room - day 111 norman be talk to dr rama . norman I '' worried there 's no lead in my pencil . dr rama ok . I do not know what that mean . norman no snap in my celery . dr rama I be still not quite with you . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 78a . norman I plan to party hearty tonight , but I can not guarantee that my love gun will fire . dr rama Mr Smith - norman will the lance dance , and the trouser lion roar ? dr rama what be you problem ? 112 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 79 . norman I do not know if I can still have sex . dr rama ah. norman I be not a young man anymore , doctor . and I be a little bit scared . Truth be tell , I be a lot scared . dr rama how long since you have be with a woman ? norman what 's today ? dr rama Monday . norman six year . dr rama I have get some pill that 's 1l help . ext . servant courtyard . marigold HOTEL - day 112 the back of the hotel , where sonny envisages he phase two development . very dilapidate . anokhi be clean pot . Young wasim sit in the corner . ajit have just wheeled muriel into the courtyard . muriel ( to anokhi ) I want to tell you something ... anokhi look up . muriel ( cont would ) ( to ajit ) tell she . tell she I be glad to come , glad she invite I . ajit translate . muriel ( cont would ) glad to meet she family . her grandmother . her kid . ajit translate . anokhi speak . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 80 . ajit she ask if you have child ? muriel I look after somebody else 's . ajit translate . muriel ( cont ’d ) this one family , year I be with they . I run the house , look after the money , do it all , care for they like they be my own . ajit start to translate . but muriel do not wait . muriel ( cont would ) that 's the mistake , see . you do not want to get like that , to start feel part of something . one day they decide I need some help . I be grateful , I try to teach she . not just the book , but how to crisp up the bacon like the gentleman prefer it , the way the little one like to have she hair brush . the thing you only know if you care . but then they say I be no longer useful to they . thanked I for my service . as if that 's all it be . ( beat ) I get a flat in the end . I be the only one in the building not a foreigner . more Indians there than here ! but before I come to this place , my biggest problem be what to do with all the time I have . because that flat 's so small , I can have the whole place spotless in half a hour . and then what be I suppose to do for the rest of the day ? there 's silence for a bit . then ajit speak . ajit do you want I translate that as well ? muriel smile . it 's the first time we have see this . muriel stop , thrust something into ajit 's hand . muriel give she this . 113 114 115 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 81. ajit hand anokhi what muriel give he : a packet of chocolate hobnob . this time it 's muriel who cannot meet anokhi 's eye . tries to hide she desire to leave . ajit turn she chair and push she away . over this , the sound of sing ... ext . rooftop . marigold HOTEL - evening 113 norman 's on he rooftop , under the primitive spout of water that pass as he shower . hanging from a nail in the wall , the battery radio be pump out a bizarre indian cover version of the chic song '' Le freak '' . norman be naked , and sing along lustily . norman aaaaaah , freak out ! Le freak , c’est chic ... aaaah , freak out ! foot slapping in the soapy water , he perform a nifty disco move . int . sonny 's office . marigold HOTEL - evening 114 sonny be in he office , go through the account . there 's a strange ringing somewhere nearby . he pay no attention , then stop and think for a moment . then realise what it be . he sweep the pile of papers off the desk , start frantically look for the telephone . ext . upper courtyard . marigold HOTEL - evening 115 Graham and Evelyn be have drink . evelyn I have be get out and about as much as I can , but I feel I have hardly scratch the surface . and of course I have love to see udaipur . the lake you talk about . graham I no love to take you . perhaps - he break off . Douglas and Jean have come in . Jean look rather desperate . evelyn and douglas ( simultaneously ) good evening . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 81a . a awkward moment . Graham stand . 116 117 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 82. graham good evening , Mrs ainslie . please allow I . he pull a chair out for she . she shoot he a look of passionate gratitude for he exquisite sensitivity . jean you be very kind . but I rather think I 'il turn in early . goodnight everyone . she go into she room . ext . courtyard . marigold HOTEL - evening 116 muriel be sit outside she room , do the crossword . madge be come through the arch , stop dead . norman be stand in front of she , on he way out . he look transformed . and rather handsome . madge be this it ? norman this be it . madge you be not worried about the danger of have sex at you age ? norman shrug . norman if she die , she die . he leave . sonny sprint into the courtyard . sonny progress , Mrs donnelly , Mrs hardcastle ! the wheel be turn most assuredly in we favour ! he shoot up the stair . ext . upper courtyard . marigold HOTEL - evening . 117 Douglas , Graham and Evelyn be look at the menu . sonny burst in . sonny Mr dashwood ! everybody ! great news ! 118 119 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 83. graham what be it , sonny ? sonny they be work , they be work ! graham that be great news . what be work ? sonny the telephone of the marigold Hotel . graham well , congratulation . sonny thank you . I must tell everybody . I must tell my mother ! he run off . come back . sonny ( cont would ) oh wait . you have a phone call . ext . STREET , poor neighbourhood . jaipur - evening 118 Graham , Evelyn , and Douglas be walk quickly up a quiet street . graham it 's a false alarm . there 's no way they could find anything in that office . they probably just pick a address at random , just to keep I off they back . I be sure that 's what happen . it 's go to be nothing . do not you think it 's go to be nothing ? evelyn I think you should knock on the door and see . graham yes . yes I should . ( beat ) yes. ext . house - evening 119 some man sit under a tree , play card . 120 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 84 . across the street , Graham approach a house . at a polite distance , Evelyn and Douglas wait . Graham knock at the open door . a woman , gaurika , appear . she stare at Graham . graham I be sorry to disturb you so late . my name be Graham dashwood . a long time ago I - gaurika I know who you be . beat . graham I be afraid I do not know you . gaurika I be gaurika . the wife of manoj . graham ( after a fraction of a beat ) I be very pleased to meet you . and if you could , if you would tell he that I call around , I no appreciate that very much , and - he break off . she 's walk past he , look to the other side of the road . he turn to look at the man play card . gaurika call in Hindi . a beautiful - look man look up . manoj . he look across at the house . stands up slowly as Graham walk across the street towards he . Graham reach he . the two man just stand there for a moment . then they hug very tightly . from the step of the house , gaurika watch . Evelyn look at she , fascinate . across the street , manoj and Graham be still hold each other , unable to let go . ext . STREET - night 120 Douglas and Evelyn be walk . douglas ( a tiny bit sloshed ) ( more ) 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 85 . douglas ( cont would ) first time go in to London with my dad , on he commute ... he would always be so extraordinary to I , so unique . but there he be stand on the station platform , utterly indistinguishable from all the other man in suit . and then of course a few year later I be one of they ... hate my job . hate it . ( beat ) sorry , talk too much . blame a good dinner out . evelyn what be she think ? douglas I beg you pardon ? evelyn his wife . manoj 's wife . she know who Graham be . have he tell she ? ( beat ) D ' you think we will find out tomorrow ? douglas not I , I be head up to the badi Mahal Palace . very excited , be read all about it . evelyn tell I . douglas I would , if I could remember a word . Evelyn laugh . then Douglas suddenly grab she . and pull she out of the way of a motor bike , zoom past they . sunaina have not realise she nearly hit they , and power on towards the marigold . Douglas and Evelyn stand for a moment , startle , hold each other . something pass between they that embarrass they both . then they part quickly , guiltily . they be outside a small restaurant , and with exquisite timing , a group of musician start to play a romantic tune . waiter come , please . Nice meal , please ... 121 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 86 . douglas ( namaste gesture ) we have eat , thank you ... they continue on they way . slightly further apart than before . ext . marigold HOTEL - night 121 it 's the middle of the night , and everything 's quiet . or as quiet as it can be in the middle of the usual night - time indian cacophony . sunaina park she bike outside the hotel , go on in . int . bedroom , marigold HOTEL - night 122 sonny be sleep peacefully . ext . courtyard , marigold HOTEL - night 123 sunaina move across the courtyard . not sneaking , exactly . but make no sound . int . bedroom , marigold HOTEL - night 124 sonny sleep on . int . corridor , marigold HOTEL - night 125 sunaina be definitely sneaking now . she aim down the passage towards sonny 's room . int . bedroom , marigold HOTEL - night 126 sonny stir , but do not wake up . int . bedroom , marigold HOTEL - night 127 sunaina come into the bedroom . she take off she clothes . and climb , naked , into bed beside the sleep figure . int . bedroom , marigold HOTEL - night 128 a loud scream . in a different bed , in a different room , sonny wake up . and remember . 129 130 131 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 87 . int . bedroom , marigold HOTEL - night 129 it 's sunaina that 's scream . because she 's in bed with madge . who could not be happier . madge a midnight booty call . how utterly marvellous . int . corridor , marigold HOTEL - night 130 sonny hare out of he temporary bedroom , and race down the corridor , towards madge 's room . int . bedroom , marigold HOTEL - night 131 sunaina have jump out of the bed and across the room , grab one of madge 's generous scarve to cover she nakedness . sunaina I be so sorry , I be so sorry ... I do not know what you name be , but I be incredibly sorry . madge do not be . most action I have have in week . sunaina if you could just please not mention - sonny burst in . sonny do not worry , Mrs hardcastle ! I can explain each and every thing ! he see sunaina . sonny ( cont have ) oh my god you be naked . he turn to madge . sonny ( cont would ) Mrs hardcastle , I must apologise with deep and profound sincerity - sunaina how could you not tell I you be not in you room ! 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 88 . sonny yes , sunaina , to you too I mst apologise with equally deep and profound sincerity . now go . get out . quickly . sunaina I be go . just let I get dress , and - sonny no no , quick than that . you must leave , before - Mrs kapoor fling open the door . mrs kapoor what be go on here ? who scream ? she see the nearly - naked sunaina . mrs kapoor ( cont would ) no no no no no . no ! this be a respectable hotel , not a brothel . ( to sunaina ) you , get out . ( to madge ) and Mrs hardcastle , I expect better of you . actually , this be exactly what I expect of you , but nevertheless - sunaina Mrs kapoor , I be sunaina . mrs kapoor since I will not be pay for you service , you name be of no interest to I . ( beat ) how do you know mine ? sunaina be shocked to realise that Mrs kapoor do not know she name . sonny step forward reluctantly . sonny because this ... be my sunaina . mrs kapoor the girl who my son describe as not too modern . madge this be get interesting . mrs kapoor ( to sunaina ) tell I , please . ( more ) 132 132a 133 134 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 89 . mrs kapoor ( cont would ) be there anyone in this building you have not sleep with ? sonny mummyji , do not get the wrong idea . sunaina be not here to be with Mrs hardcastle . she be here to have sex with I ! Mrs kapoor turn to sunaina . who be speechless . mrs kapoor this be the sort of woman you be . ok . each to she own . but do not ever try and tell I that you be suitable wife for my son . ( beat ) find you clothes and go . I do not expect to see you again . ext . garden / pathway . marigold HOTEL - night 132 sunaina be leave the hotel , angry and humiliate . Evelyn and Douglas be come up the path . evelyn sunaina ? and now sunaina be even more humiliate . ext . STREET . marigold HOTEL — night 132a sunaina roar away on she scooter . dissolve to : ext . STREET . marigold HOTEL - dawn 133 the same street . the sun be just come up , and trader be set up they stall , spread they ware on rug on the ground . one trader be unload some fruit . a few guava roll off the edge of he wagon . someone pick they up for he . it 's Graham , who smile as he put they back . the trader give he a fresh one . Graham take it , and walk on , munch the delicious fruit . a content man . ext . garden . marigold HOTEL - dawn 134 norman be sit on a stone bench under a spread tree . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 90 . graham ( 0.s. ) how do it go ? norman turn , to see Graham stand above he . norman I have see the top of the mountain . and it be good . Graham nod , sit down next to he . they gaze out at the waking city . norman be graham I see someone yesterday , a man I have not see for many year . a man I have love all my life . a bit startle by this . norman a man .....? graham yes . norman carry on . graham ( smile , unperturb ) I do not know how he have be in the meantime , do not want to guess . I bring disgrace upon he and he family , and imagine he might hate I for it . ( beat ) but we talk all night . he 's be happy . he 's lead a peaceful life , marry to a woman who understand he and love he nonetheless . but he 's never forget I . that 's what he say . ( beat ) I ask he forgiveness anyway . he say he have nothing to forgive I for . that instead I should forgive myself . ( beat ) all that time . all that time I believe I have sentence he to a life of shame . when I be the one in prison . ( beat ) but not any more . 135 136 137 138 139 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 91 . silence for a while . norman top of the mountain . graham yes . norman smile , then stand and go on inside . Graham settles back into he chair , look out at the world . graham ( cont would ) not any more . ext . courtyard / verandah , marigold HOTEL - dawn 135 norman come into the courtyard . madge , sip from a cup of chai , call down from she verandah . madge how be the night ? norman Rather special . he leave . madge just stare after he . ext . staircase . marigold HOTEL - dawn 136 norman on the stair to he room . he stop , catch he breath . ext . garden . marigold HOTEL - dawn 137 Graham be watch a stunningly beautiful bird . a snow crane ; white and magnificent . it 's on the grass in front of he . then it open its huge wing , take off . and fly up into the bright blue sky . it 's a extraordinary sight . as Graham watch the snow crane swoop and dip , it appear suddenly to slow and stall , until it seem to hang in the air , almost motionless . ext . rooftop . marigold HOTEL - dawn 138 norman cross the rooftop to he bedroom . he come inside , sit on the bed . ext . garden , marigold HOTEL - morning 139 Graham be still sit in the garden . 139 a 140 141 142 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 92 . evelyn ( 0.s. ) you be back . he do not turn round . Evelyn have come out to the garden . she go over to he . evelyn ( cont would ) it 's be rather a extraordinary night all round . first tell I you news , and then - she break off . Graham be dead . ext . courtyard . marigold HOTEL - day 139a evelyn ( v.0 . ) Day 45 . of course it be inevitable . put enough old people in the same place , it will not be too long before one of they go .... Jean , Douglas , madge , norman and muriel shocked and sober ext . countryside - day 140 a train be crossing the endless field . int . train - day 141 Evelyn stare out of the window . madge , norman , Douglas and Jean be behind she . opposite sit manoj . Evelyn turn to look at he , and at gaurika , manoj 's wife , who sit beside he . evelyn ( v.0 . ) we all know it will happen , but few of we know when . Graham die of a heart attack , evidently not he first . so he have a better idea than most what be come , he just neglect to tell we . his prerogative . ext . lake - dawn 142 Three white vehicle be drive across a narrow causeway , which barely rise above the surface of the lake . they seem to be float . Cloud of dust billow behind they . 143 144 145 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 93. evelyn ( v.0 . ) there be talk of send the body home , but manoj feel he should have a hindu burial . at the place they have visit together . not a holy place . although for they perhaps it be . ext . funeral pyre , ruins - day 143 a ruin garden , surround by the water of the lake , crumble pillare porticoe and arch . what must once have be a royal retreat be now long abandon and overgrown . Graham 's friend stand watch the pyre , transfix by the flame . manoj , dress in white , stand with gaurika . he recite a Hindi prayer . evelyn ( v.0 . ) a body take a long time to be consume . many hour for the mourner to remember they dead . the fire must be light at dawn , and by sunset , there must be nothing leave but ash . ext . lakeside - sunset 144 stripped to the waist , manoj walk into the water , hold a bowl . evelyn ( v.0 . ) where do we soul go ? be that all of we that be leave behind ? perhaps the most we can ask be that when we do shuffle off , we do so know that we be love manoj pour Graham onto the water . the ash shimmer and dance , catch in the gentle current . ext . servant 's garden . marigold HOTEL - day 145 muriel and anokhi be in the servant 's garden . Young wasim sit silently in the corner . muriel so there 's a process , they call it pickle . I have no idea what it be , or how they do it , but whoever invent it be a smart man . but the real genius be the one who introduce a onion into the system . that I could never have think of . 146 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 94 . ajit look at she , ready to translate . muriel ( cont have ) no , forget it . muriel be look out at the yard . she see Mrs kapoor , talk to some surveyor . they be mapp out the building . Mrs kapoor see muriel watch she , come over to they . mrs kapoor Mrs donnelly , what be you do here ? you should not be here , talk with this one . muriel I be help she clean . if this pot get any dirtier , you will have to serve the food with penicillin . mrs kapoor we have other room . go to one of they instead . while this be still a hotel . she turn back to the surveyor . muriel ( to ajit ) what 's she problem ? what 's happen here ? ajit can not answer . but he know a man who can . he point to Young wasim . ajit he can tell you . ext . rooftop bar , bharatpur palace HOTEL . udaipur - 146 evening a stun view over the city . madge be have a drink with norman . Douglas be sit on the wall , but keep look down towards the stair . madge when someone die , you think about you own life . and in my case , there be less of it in front of I than behind . and I do not want to grow older . I do not want to be condescend to , ignore and marginalise by society . to become peripheral to the action . ( more ) 147 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 95 . madge ( cont would ) I do not want to be the first person let off the plane in a hostage crisis . they laugh together . and do not even see Douglas go . ext . landing . bharatpur palace HOTEL - evening 147 the landing be large , and open to the sky . Evelyn have just come up the stair to go to she room . she 's lean against the stone baluster . douglas , I wonder where you have be . Evelyn turn . Douglas be on the stair above she . douglas ( cont have ) we nre all up top , have a drink . evelyn I go to see gaurika . manoj 's wife . I want to ask she what she know . and the answer be that she know everything , that he have love another man , and always would . he tell she when the marriage be arrange . ( beat ) they have no secret from each other , none . suddenly she 's cry . unable to stop . Douglas put he arm around she , and hold she to he . evelyn ( cont no ) and that 's right , do not you see ? that must be right . because what be the point of a marriage in which nothing be share ? her word hang in the air . they stand there for a moment . Jean have come out of she room , and stand there , watch they . jean Mrs greenslade , might I have my husband back now ? they spring apart . jean ( cont have ) Douglas ? she walk off back into the room . Douglas turn to Evelyn . 148 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 96 . douglas forgive I ... evelyn yes , of course . douglas forgive I . Evelyn go quickly to she room , leave he stand there . int . douglas and jean 's room - evening 148 Douglas close the door . douglas she be upset . jean spare I you explanation . d’you think I be jealous ? douglas I do not see why else you would have embarrassed I . and Evelyn . jean you be already do a perfectly good job of embarrassing yourself . can you imagine how ghastly it 's be for everyone to watch you moon around after that simper doe - eye ex-housewife , take advantage of she loneliness and - douglas God , can you hear yourself ? can you ? do you have any idea what a terrible person you have become ? Jean be stunne into silence . douglas ( cont have ) all you give out be this endless negativity , a refusal to see any kind of light and joy even when it 's right in you face , and a desperate need to squash any sign of happiness in I or anyone else ... it 's a wonder I do not fling myself at the first kind word or gesture that come my way . but I do not . out of some dry - out notion of loyalty and respect , neither of which I ever bloody get in return . 149 150 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 97 . there 's a long silence . jean I check my email . this come . she hand he a piece of paper . ext . rooftop bar . bharatpur palace HOTEL - evening 149 Evelyn come onto the terrace , and head for madge and norman . she pick up madge 's glass . madge be you alright ? evelyn I just need some water . she drain the glass . madge that be a gin and tonic . evelyn yes . I know that now . madge what 's happen ? norman good evening , the ainsly . Douglas and Jean be approach they . madge how be you both ? jean we be particularly well . Douglas , tell they we news . she look to he , wait . he say nothing . so she turn , and smile . jean ( cont would ) we be go home . ext . evelyn 's verandah / kitchen . marigold HOTEL - day 150 sonny be with he investor , Mr maruthi . they emerge from the upper courtyard onto the terrace overlook the back of the hotel . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 98 . sonny and so I would ask you to loosen the string on you purse , Mr maruthi , and to do it most rapidly . so that phase two development of the best exotic marigold Hotel can begin with immediate effect . Mr maruthi look down , see muriel . she 's with anokhi , ajit , and Young wasim . he call down to she . mr maruthi Mrs donnelly , I believe . sonny spot the danger , try to lead Mr maruthi away . sonny and now if you would please be follow I to the ground floor room ... Mr maruthi ignore he , call down again . mr maruthi how be thing at the hotel ? sonny Mr maruthi - muriel ( call back ) better . they be go better . sonny take a moment to recover . sonny you see ? profound satisfaction . such be the inevitable result of a prolong stay at the marigold Hotel . and now Mr maruthi have spot something else . the surveyor , who be still take they measurement . mr maruthi what be that man do ? sonny ( glancing back for a moment ) work for I , Mr maruthi . to create a home for the elderly so wonderful that they will simply refuse to die ! stare death in the face and say - ( more ) 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 98a . sonny ( cont would ) ( follow Mr maruthi 's gaze ) what be that man do ? 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 99 . 151 ext . kitchen / servanta garden . marigold HOTEL - day 151 moment later . through the window , muriel watch sonny confront he mother . sonny mummyji , what be go on here ? mrs kapoor I have speak to you brother . they want to sell the hotel . this man be here to value the building . sonny they be value the land . my brother do not care about the building . they will knock it down . mrs kapoor they could just wait a month for it to fall down of its own accord . sonny you joke , mummyji , but inside I know you be not laugh . you do not want to see this dream destroy . send this people away . mrs kapoor no , my son . it be too late . 152 int . sonny 's office - night 152 Mrs kapoor be at the desk , go through the account . sonny stand opposite she . sonny mummyji , please - mrs kapoor this figure do not support you argument . sonny there be still time to turn thing around . with a small injection of fund , we can - mrs kapoor who be trust you with that money ? eh ? you , who can not run a chai stand . just like you father . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 100 . beat . then sonny speak quietly . sonny do I remind you of he so much ? be that why you must be cruel to I ? mrs kapoor you think I be cruel ? sonny you love my father . and he love this hotel . mrs kapoor ( fiercely ) two mistake . there will not be a third . ( beat ) say goodbye to all this , sonny . and come with I to Delhi . you life will become easier . sonny not easier , mummyji . smaller . he leave . Mrs kapoor come back to the desk , fiddling with some paperwork , discomfite . she turn to the doorway . muriel be there , in she chair . mrs kapoor Mrs donnelly . can I help you ? muriel depend . do you know how to use a computer ? mrs kapoor I assume you be joke . muriel Mrs ainslie say she have a address where I could get some thing I need . some biscuit . she say I could get they on the line . mrs kapoor I wish you luck . Mrs kapoor smile , and leave . muriel watch she go , then turn to the computer . her finger fly across the keyboard . 153 154 155 155 a 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 101 . int . train - night 153 the train rattles its way through the night . Jean be chat away , in a better mood than we have see she for some time . Evelyn listen in silence . jean the whole thing be actually tremendously exciting . not just get on a plane , but get on a plane and turn leave . norman turn leave ? jean first class . and home in time for we 40th wedding anniversary . we have not yet decide how to mark the occasion . madge perhaps a minute 's silence ? int . sonny 's office , marigold HOTEL - night 154 ajit keep watch , while muriel be at the printer . wait as it disgorge page . omitted 155 ext . STREET . jaipur station - day 155a the tuk -tuk be line up . norman ( hail a tuk - tuk ) two should fit we all , I think . evelyn I be actually go to walk . apparently they be get ready for a festival . douglas perhaps you have like one of we to accompany you . madge I be happy to walk with you . 156 157 158 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 102. evelyn I will be fine . Evelyn speak to both Douglas and Jean . evelyn ( cont would ) I be delighted for you daughter 's success . I wish you all every happiness . jean thank you . Evelyn turn , and walk away . int . tuk - tuk - day 156 Douglas and Jean be in the tuk - tuk with madge and norman . there be a sombre atmosphere . a motor-bike hurtle past they , go the other way . douglas be that sonny ? int . christopher' house , london - day 157 a phone be ringing . Christopher be still in bed , he wife polly asleep next to he . he answer . christopher yes ... ( can not believe he ear ) ma ? ext . phone booth . ticket office . jaipur station -~- day 158 Evelyn stand under the awning of the ticket office . evelyn I just want to hear you voice . ( beat ) no , I be sorry , I do not think about the time ... how be you ? and polly ? the boy ... how be the boy ? she listen to he . she 's hold back tear . evelyn ( cont have ) oh good , I be glad you have be read it . yes . yes , I have make some very good friend . ( beat ) no , I be fine , of course I be . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 103 . as much as she have want to speak to he , she now want the conversation to be over . evelyn ( cont have ) I think my money be run out , I would better go . Goodbye for now , darling . I x11 call again later . she hang up . and stay there with she hand on the phone . out on the street , sonny be pull up . she look over to he . sonny Mrs greenslade . where be the other ? evelyn they be on they way to the hotel . sonny look around , at a loss . evelyn ( cont would ) what 's the matter ? sonny I want to warn you before you see for yourself of the most momentous change that be occur , absolutely all of they without question for the very positive . evelyn what be you talk about ? sonny I be delighted to announce the close of the best exotic marigold Hotel , and the joyful return of all of its inhabitant to they home country . evelyn what ? 159 ext . garden path . marigold HOTEL - day 159 norman and madge have arrive back at the hotel . Mrs kapoor be break the news to they . mrs kapoor please relax in the knowledge that you journey home be be arrange , and pay for by the hotel . 160 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 104 . madge we journey here be arrange and pay for by the hotel , and look how that go . I would rather walk back to England . norman I would rather not go back at all . a voice come behind they . Carol have come out of the courtyard . carol why would you have to ? ext . jaipur station - day 160 sonny and Evelyn be still talk . sonny and for myself the news be even better . I shall be move to Delhi to live with my mother , and furthermore I shall be wed to a most suitable person of she choice , whom I look forward very much to meeting before I spend the rest of my life with she . evelyn but what about you girlfriend ? sonny she be no longer my girlfriend . evelyn this be a disaster . sonny then we must treat it just the same as we would treat a triumph , ig that not what you Mr kipling tell we ? although of course , here we have a problem . because I , sunil indrajit kapoor , have never have a triumph , so of course I do not know how to treat one . no , all I have have be a constant series of disaster intersperse with the occasional catastrophe , a unending stream of total - evelyn sonny , do you love she ? sunaina ? 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 105 . sonny most deeply . evelyn have you tell she you love she ? sonny it be because I love she that I must not tell she . she can do so much better than I . evelyn and you have tell she that ? sonny many time . evelyn good . woman love it when you say that kind of thing . it 's a powerful aphrodisiac . sonny really ? evelyn no , of course not . go and find she right now , before you lose she forever . her future be hers to choose , and so be yours . you can have anything you want , sonny . you just need to stop wait for someone to tell you you deserve it . or you can just keep fail yourself , and hurt the one you love - sonny Mrs greenslade , stop drilling ! you have strike oil ! he go to he bike , climb on , and rocket off . 161 ext . upper courtyard . marigold HOTEL - day 161 madge be sit , pensive . Carol come in . madge where 's norman ? 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 106 . carol pack . madge but we do not have to leave yet . carol I ask he to come and stay with I . madge be that wise ? I be not sure he 's train . carol you think it 's too soon . madge it do not matter what I think . carol it be too soon . but at we age we can not afford the luxury of take it slow . and it 's either this or he go home ... and I do not want he to go home . madge look at she for a while . then smile . beat madge I wish you both the very best . carol you have not meet anyone ? madge single by choice . just not my choice . ( beat ) I actually think it might be over . for I . with man . and if that 's go , I be not quite sure what 's leave . carol do you know norman bring pill ? the first night he stay with I ? madge they obviously do the trick . carol I see they in he pocket . I do not want it to be like that . so when I have the chance I swap they . ( beat ) ( more ) 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 106a . carol ( cont would ) he go all night on two aspirin . ( beat ) it 's never over . norman appear with he one bag and he battery radio . norman ready ? 162 163 164 165 165a 166 166a 167 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 107 . ext . STREET , central jaipur - day 162 sonny roar through the street on he bike . ext . STREET . marigold HOTEL - day 163 Evelyn approach . she see a taxi wait outside the hotel . ext . staircase , marigold HOTEL - continuous 164 the houseboy be carry Douglas and Jean 's bag down to the car . ext . courtyard , marigold HOTEL - continuous 165 Evelyn come into the courtyard . muriel be sit there . the two woman stare at each other . muriel do you want he to see you ? ext . STREET . jaipur 165a sonny be wait at a junction , texting into he mobile phone . int . douglas and jean' room , marigold HOTEL - day 166 Douglas be check they have not leave anything . Jean be at the door . she 's impatient . jean Douglas ... int . call centre - day 166a sunaina pick up she mobile , look at the message . ext / int . taxi / STREET . marigold HOTEL - day 167 Jean be sit in the taxi , which be drive by barum . Douglas climb in . a beat . douglas my wallet , I forget my wallet . one second . before Jean have a chance to say anything , he go back in . 168 169 170 171 172 172a 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 108. she watch he go . ext . courtyard , marigold HOTEL - continuous 168 Douglas come back into the courtyard , head towards the staircase to Evelyn 's room . then muriel speak from she verandah . muriel she 's not back yet . Douglas stop . beat . douglas right. ( beat ) then perhaps you could tell she I say goodbye . he turn and walk out . int . evelyn 's room , marigold HOTEL - continuous 169 Evelyn be at she window , listen . she turn to watch he leave . ext . marigold HOTEL - continuous 170 Douglas get back into the taxi . douglas ( slamm the door ) false alarm . have it the whole time . let 's go . omitted 171 ext . call centre - day 172 sonny roar into the forecourt , get off he bike , and run into the building . a security guard go to stop he , but sonny 's already run up the stair . int . stairwell / landing . call centre - day 172a sonny keep go up , floor after floor . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 109 . sonny ( yell ) sunaina ! sunaina ! he reach the seventh floor . jay appear on the landing above he . jay what 's go on ? sonny be double over , totally out of breath . hold up a finger . jay ( cont ’d ) sonny ? sonny I need to see sunaina ! jay her shift 's not over . and when it be , she do not want to see you . beat . sonny jay , you be the son my mother wish I be ; a intelligent man , with a strong head for business . you see thing as they be , not as you wish they to be . so fuck off out of my way . jay do not move . sonny ( cont have ) or you can give she a message . sunaina be stand against the wall , unseen by sonny , listen . sonny ( cont have ) tell she from I what I should have tell she the day we meet . what I will announce to anyone who ask . and many who do not . sunaina speak to jay . sunaina include you mother ? jay ( to sonny ) include my mother ? sunaina his mother . 173 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 110 . jay ( to sonny ) you mother . sonny I will tell every mother in the land . sunaina ( to jay ) what will you tell they ? jay ( to sonny ) what will you tell they ? sonny the only thing that matter in this world . that I love you . and always will . ( beat ) and by you , I mean sunaina , jay , not you . although if you be to be my brother - in - law , I hope we can become better friend . sunaina why be he only say this now ? jay ( to sunaina ) you ask he . sunaina why be you only say this now ? sonny because , sunaina , love of my life , no more will I believe that I be not worthy , for only by loving you as you deserve will I become so . on sunaina 's face as she hear this . ext . STREET , central jaipur - day 173 the cacophonous sound of drum : a small band of player be beat out a deafen , syncopate rhythm as the Ganeshi festival begin to unfold . sonny be on he bike , sunaina riding side - saddle on the back . they be speed through the city . sonny rocket through a arch way up a side street , be confront by a huge traffic jam . the Ganeshi procession be bring everything to a standstill . he do a U -turn , speed off back the way they come . 174 174a 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 lll . int / ext . taxi / STREET - day 174 Douglas and Jean be sit in the traffic jam . douglas it 's funny . they call it rush hour , but nothing actually move . ( beat ) it 's not that funny . ( beat ) although I suppose it 's all about context , be not it ? I mean - jean Douglas ? douglas yes ? jean if you say one more word , I 'il kill you with my thumb . ext . courtyard . marigold HOTEL - day 174a muriel sit alone in the courtyard , under she awning . then Carol and norman appear from reception , follow by Mrs kapoor . they cross towards the arch . muriel where do you think you be go ? madge you may well ask . madge be sit under the shade of a tree .. norman we be move in together . muriel already ? carol that point have be make . mrs kapoor the hotel be close . muriel do not have to . silence . everyone stare at muriel . she take out the spreadsheet . 1748 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 muriel ( cont would ) I have be go over the account . ext . STREET , central jaipur - day 112 . 174b if anything , the traffic be now worse . Jean and Douglas 's taxi have progress a few yard , and be now wedge into the arch . the Ganeshi procession be completely block the far entrance to the archway . Jean get out , look at the sea of unmove traffic ahead and behind . jean this be ridiculous . it could go on for hour . there 's no way we be ever go to get out of here . douglas maybe there be . a rickshaw arrive next to they , swerving through the traffic . it be ride by ifti . jean you . can you get we to the airport ? ifti sorry long way sore leg not possible . jean I will give you everything I have . ifti step right in mind you head let 's go . jean come on , Douglas . come on ! Douglas get the suitcase out of the trunk of the cab . ifti sorry no manage people and case . jean ( grab she suitcase ) what ? ifti not possible . two person , no case ; one person , and case . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 113 . jean ( take off she watch ) how about if I give you something else ? my watch ? ifti ( take it ) sure . thank you . still not possible . douglas we will get another flight . we can go back to the hotel , and leave in the morning . jean no . douglas Jean , you hear what he say . he can not do it . jean he can do one person , and case . douglas yes , but ... jean could fate find a better way to tell we what we need to hear ? douglas which be what ? jean that it 's over . it be over a long long time ago . douglas this be not the time to talk about this . let 's wait till we get - jean I have to go , Douglas . douglas . I will not let you . jean no , you will want to come after I . chase I to the airport and tell I everything will be fine . but please do not . because the truth be we both deserve more than we have have . you be just too kind and too loyal to admit it . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 113a . beat . jean ( cont ’d ) I will be alright . ( she smile ) I be turn leave . she climb onto the rickshaw . 174 '' 175 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 114. as the drum intensify , Douglas stand hold he suitcase , watch she weave through the traffic and out of sight . ext . STREET . marigold HOTEL - day 174 '' sonny and sunaina roar towards the hotel , drive into the gate and up the path ... ext . STREET / courtyard . marigold HOTEL - day 175 Mrs kapoor be study the spreadsheet . mrs kapoor I do not know what any of this figure mean . sonny and sunaina drive into the courtyard , screech to a halt . they dismount . sonny mummyji ? mummyji! mrs kapoor right here , you do not need to shout . sonny do you remember what my father use to say ? that nothing happen unless first we dream . like he I have dreamt , mummyji , and like he , I have fail . the marigold Hotel be crumble into dust . and it turn out I can live with that . but the one thing I will not do be live without this girl . to whom I do not introduce you properly before . ( beat ) this be sunaina shantanu palawat . the woman I love , and wish to marry . sunaina I be very pleased to meet you , Mrs kapoor . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 115. sunaina put out she hand . Mrs kapoor will not take it . mrs kapoor ( shaking she head ) no. I forbid it . I forbid this match . utterly and completely . do you hear I , sonny ? this can not happen . and then a low , rumbling sound come from the corner . like a quiet volcano . Young wasim be speak . it 's a long , poetic and heartfelt speech . unfortunately it 's in Hindi . madge what be he say ? muriel what he say to I , I imagine . she turn to sunaina . muriel ( co n’td ) can you help ? sunaina he be say ... he be say that he have be with this family as long as he can remember . give they a lifetime of service . and that he remember another fight , between two young people and they parent . and he remember the moment where the young man stand up to he mother mrs kapoor «+. and say yes , I want to marry this woman . yes , she be from a different community . but she be smart , she be beautiful , and I love she . Long pause . mrs kapoor ( cont have ) I do not know who he 's talk about . she offer sunaina she hand . mrs kapoor ( cont have ) take care of my favourite son . sunaina shake she hand . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 116. norman so I be not clear now . be I stay or go ? muriel depend how you read the account . sonny the account ? muriel turn out the original plan be good , it work . just not in the hand of a imbecile . sonny I know that plan be good ! muriel what the place need be more money . sonny unfortunately my investor , Mr maruthi have decide that while he greatly admire my endeavor , he cannot - muriel he 's reconsider . sonny you speak to he ? muriel so long as there be someone to help the manager . sonny the manager need no help . sunaina sonny ... sonny the manager need a little help . muriel ( to norman ) so will you stay ? norman look at Carol . norman I would like to . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 117 . carol in the shack on the roof ? norman I sleep in the tree . sonny ( to Carol ) we have a double room . bathroom ensuite . and a fully work door . he point to Graham 's room . sonny ( cont ’d ) a guest have recently check out . madge can not believe he just say that . carol I will think about it . muriel ( to madge ) Mrs hardcastle ? you be stay . madge on my own ? muriel you be off you game . lose you confidence , maybe . but you be a thoroughbre . you 'il be back . madge smile . muriel ( co n’td ) and what about you , Mrs greenslade ? Evelyn have come down , unnotice by all . except muriel . evelyn what about I , Mrs donnelly ? muriel we have not talk much , you and I . evelyn my loss , evidently . ( beat ) I be not sure what I should do . nothing here have quite work out as I hope . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 117a . muriel most thing do not . but sometimes what happen instead be the good stuff . ( beat ) ( more ) 175a 175b 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 118. muriel ( cont would ) have not you get work in the morning ? Evelyn nod . muriel ( cont would ) besides , he ’1ll be back . evelyn you do not know he . he 's the most loyal man I have ever meet . muriel 50,000 rupee say I be right . at you current salary that should take you three month to pay off . muriel stand up . everybody stare . she start to walk slowly but proudly across the courtyard . she reach the doorway , turn back . muriel if you will excuse I , someone 's wait to help I make mango chutney . why do no one tell I about that stuff ? mrs kapoor who be the new assistant manager ? muriel why ? be you think of apply for the job ? she gesture for she wheelchair . sonny rush up with it . she sink down . muriel ( cont have ) ) that 's enough exercise for one day . ext . airport road . jaipur - evening 175a Jean sit in the rickshaw , surround by she luggage , carry by ifti 's strong leg towards she future . evelyn ( v.0 . ) Day 51 . the only real failure be the failure to try . int . evelyn 's room , marigold HOTEL - evening 175b Evelyn be at she computer type . 175 '' 176 177 178 179 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 119 . evelyn ( v.0o . ) and the measure of success be how we cope with disappointment . as we always must . ext . STREET , central jaipur - night 175 '' Douglas , still hold he suitcase , be surround by Ganeshi drummer , silhouett against the light of the city . the sound fade as he disappear into the celebration , and be replace by the gentle sound of temple bell , ringing for morning prayer . evelyn ( v.0 . ) we come here , and we try . all of we , in we different way . int . evelyn 's room , marigold HOTEL - morning 176 Evelyn be still sit , fully dress in she room . she 's be up all night . her alarm clock buzze . she turn it off . ext . evelyn 's terrace , marigold HOTEL - morning 177 Evelyn come out of she room , walk across the terrace . ext . courtyard , marigold HOTEL - morning 178 evelyn ( v.0 . ) some achieve more than other . but we do we best . nothing else matter . Evelyn walk through the courtyard , and on out of the hotel . ext . garden / pathway , marigold HOTEL - morning 179 Evelyn walk down the path towards the street . then Douglas come through the gate , with he suitcase . they stand there , look at each other for a moment . evelyn good morning . beat . 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 120. douglas it be , be not it ? evelyn you be still here . douglas I miss the plane . evelyn what about Jean ? douglas she do not . douglas ( cont would ) ( put down he suitcase ) I have quite a interesting night , actually . I meet the same taxi driver , but this time I let he take I to he brother 's hotel . which turn out to be less of a hotel , and more of a brothel , really . they give I this pipe , say it be apple tobacco , but that 's not what we call it when I be a student . so I make my excuse and leave , want some time to think . this city at night be extraordinary . ( beat ) of course the apple tobacco help . ( beat ) guess what ? I finally see a elephant . silence for a bit . evelyn I be late for work . she go past he . douglas she stop , turn . douglas ( cont would ) what time do you finish ? evelyn I get back about 5 . douglas tea time . 180 180 a 181 182 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 121. evelyn yes . douglas how do you take it ? evelyn with a little milk . she turn and walk away . she 's smile . ext . market , jaipur - day 180 evelyn ( v.o. ) perhaps it 's true : we do not stop play because we grow old , we grow old because we stop play . Douglas be haggling with a motorbike mechanic . he seem to be have more success with the price than in earlier day . ext . rooftop , marigold HOTEL - day 180 a Carol be lie on norman 's bed , read a book , while he wash he sock in a bucket . evelyn ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) all we really know about the future be that it will be different . ext . viceroy club . jaipur - day 181 madge be chat vivaciously to someone . it 's the elegant older man we see earlier . and he seem utterly smitten . evelyn ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) so we must celebrate the change . ext . STREET . jaipur - day 182 sonny and sunaina race through the street on he motorbike . sonny raise a fist in salute . evelyn ( v.0o . ) let they come . bring they on . because as someone once say , everything will be alright in the end ... 2nd Green revision 10/01/11 122 . come from the other direction , another motorbike , Douglas at the handlebar , return sonny 's greeting . and on the pillion seat , riding side - saddle , she scarf fly in the breeze , be Evelyn , on she way home from work . evelyn ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) so if it 's really not alright , then trust I : it 's not yet the end .