" the third man " by Graham greene high angle — full shot - CITY of vienna the title vienna superimposed fade out —- commentary commence . commentator I never know the old Vienna before the war , with its — mo . shot - statue of a violinist there be snow on it . commentator strauss music , its glamour and easy charm ... mo . shot — row of stone statue ornament the top of a building . in the b.g. the top of a stone archway . they be snow - sprinkle . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary commentator constantinople suite ... mo . shot — snow - cover statue tree in b.g. commentator I better . I really get to know it in the ... close shot -— two men talk in the street . commentator — classic period of the black ... closeup — suitcase open toward camera , revealing content consist of tin of food , shoe , etc . the hand of a man come in from f.g . to take something out . commentator -— market . we would run anything ... closeup — hand of two people stand side by side in the street . the person cl run hand through a pair of silk stocking . commentator — if people want it enough . closeup — hand of two people a woman 's hand cl wear a wedding ring - a man 's hand cr hold in rh two small carton - hand they over to she in exchange for some note which she hand he . commentator - and have the money to pay . close shot -— five wrist watch on a man 's wrist from which the coat sleeve be turn back . commentator of course a situation like that —- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary long shot — capsiZed ship in shallow water with a drown body float on the water cr of it . commentator — do not tempt amateur ... you know , they can not stay the course like a professional . mo . long shot — through stone archway with Church see in b.g. through it . a large board in R. f.g. , cs read : " entering american zone " commentator now the city be divide — close shot — board in cr f.g. - gateway cl of it read : " british zone " commentator — into four zone , you know - close shot -— - a large board top cr of a ornamental double gateway - wringht iron gate . the inscription be in Russian - corresponding to the two previous zone board . commentator - each occupy by a power . close shot —- a large board bear the word : " debut zone francais " commentator american , british , Russian and the french . close shot -— four shield script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary rest on a ledge at the top of a building . from cl american , british , french and Russian provost marshal shield . commentator but the center of the city , that 's — mo . close shot a american officer cl and Russian officer cr . they be face each other in profile . they exchange salute . camera pan rl with the american as they turn away from each other - lose the Russian . the former be on the move rl as we : commentator — international , police by a international patrol , one member of each of the four power ... long shot of a park row of american - type patrol wagon . m.p. 's of the four occupy power line up in front of they , wait for order . commentator wonderful ! what a hope they have . all stranger to the place ... mo . long shot — patrol wagon nearest camera drive away from the park line toward camera , lr m.p. 's disperse round the remain wagon . commentator — and none of they could speak the same language ... close shot - the four representative m.p. ' S of the International patrol seat in patrol wagon ( open ) . driving lr through street of Vienna . commentator except of course a smatter of german . good fellow on the whole . do they best , you know . long shot — square in vienna bomb damage building in R of picture . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary commentator Vienna do not really look ... long shot —- CITY of vienna Tower of a church scaffold in repair in b.g. woman cross f.g. rl. commentator — any worse than ... mo . shot — monument with building of the city in b.g. and bomb damage roof in R of picture . commentator - a lot of other european city . long shot — man walk over the rubble of a bomb building . commentator bomb about a bit ... close shot Front rank of uniform american soldier on parade rifle and bayonet at " present arm " position . they be at attention in R profile . commentator oh , I be go to tell you ... long shot — a group of american and russian officer stand at attention at the salute on the step of a large building . at the top of the step , in b.g. behind they , other Russian soldier see . commentator I be go to tell you about Holly martin . close shot Front rank of a parade of Russian soldier , rifle at the " present arm " in front of they . they be in L profile . camera pan rl slightly to reveal the roadway in front of they . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary commentator — a american come all the way here to visit a friend of he - the name ... mo . shot -— company of russian soldier with rifle and fix bayonet march lr . commentator —- be lime . Harry lime . now — close shot — steam engine at a standstill , puffing . on wall behind it in large letter — wien - west - bhf commentator martin be break and lime have offer he some sort - I do not know — some sort of a job . close shot —- steam engine move downstage rl as if to exit past cl . Music crescendo . commentator anyway , there he be , poor chap . happy as a lark , and without a cent . close shot — train carriage window pull into station rl. Holly martin ' head out of the window , look off cl . train draw to a standstill . martin open the door of the compartment and pull down he grip from the rack , get out , and exit cl . mo . shot — martins make he way down the platform , toward the ticket barrier in f.g. train stationary cl far side of barrier . m.p. 's ( british and Russian ) cl near side of barrier . american m.p. cr . u.s.m.p. passport , please . martins oh . martin hand he passport to m.p. camera track in to script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close two shot . u.s.m.p . what 's the purpose of you visit here ? camera stop tracking . martins a friend of mine offer I a job here . u.s.m.p. where be you stay ? martins with he . Fifteen stiffgasse . u.s.m.p. his name ? he look off cl . martins lime . Harry lime . u.s.m.p. okay . martins I think he would be here to meet I . dissolve to : close shot — porter on landing above - candle bracket cr of he , look down off L for martin . porter das ist niemand mein hier . sie lauten un sonst . long shot — martins on the floor below , from porter 's viewpoint . he be look up off past cr from porter . martins speak English ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary porter ( o.s. ) English ? close shot — porter look down off L for martin . he step forward to bannister rail from candle . porter Little , little . sie kommen zehn minuten zu spat . ten minute too late . close shot — martins look off R for the porter . porter ( o.s. ) already go . martins who ? close shot — porter lean on bannister rail and look down off L for martin . porter his friend and - er - the coffin . close shot — martins look up off R for porter . martins coffin ? porter ( o.s. ) Mr. lime 's. Accident ... close shot — porter look down off L for martin . porter knocked over by a car , here in front of the house . long shot — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary from porter 's eye line , on the floor below , look up off R for he . porter ( o.s. ) have see it myself , kill at once , immediately . close shot -— porter look down L for martin off . porter already in hell or in heaven . closeup — martins look up off R for porter . camera track in to big closeup . porter ( o.s. ) I be sorry for the grave digger . hard work in this frost . dissolve to : long shot — cemetery Music start . martin walk down roadway cr of it to camera . peasant woman in L of picture , put some flower on a grave . he exit cl . mo . shot — group of mourner in black , round a newly dig grave . Priest read over the service in L profile in f.g . close shot — calloway martin discover in picture , move downstage to stand cl of he . martins can you tell I whose ... calloway fellow call lime . martin exit cl f.g. long shot — martins move upstage through the cemetery , toward the group round script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the grave . mo . shot -— the mourner round the grave . Priest read from he book . Anna discover cr . priest gelitten unter pontius pilatus ... close shot — kurtz and dr . winkel look off cr . priest — gekreuzuget , gestorben und begraben . abestiengen zu ... close shot — anna near the grave . martin move downstage , take off hat , stand just behind she cr . priest ( 0o.s. ) — der hoelle be dritten tage . wieder auferstand von de toten . aufgerfahren in de himmel siszet zur rechten ... close shot — kurtz and dr . winkel look off cr . priest ( 0o.s. ) — hand gottes des allmaechtigen vater . kurtz wer ist das ? priest ( 0o.s. ) von dannen er kommen wird zu richten die lebendigen toten ... closeup — martins look off past cr , reacting to the service . priest ( 0o.s . ) ich glaube a de heiligen geist die heilige katholische ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot — kurtz and dr . winkel look off , cr , reacting to the service . priest ( 0o.s. ) — kirche . gemeinschaft der heiligen . closeup — martins look off , cr , reacting to service . priest ( 0o.s. ) ... ablass der sueden . auferstehung des fleisch . closeup — anna in L profile , she eye lower from martin ' eye line . priest ( 0o.s. ) ein ewige leben . herr ... closeup — martins look off cl at Anna . priest ( 0o.s. ) ... gib ihner die ewige ruhe . mo . shot — priest with the graveyard attendant in L profile beside he . men und das ewige licht leuchte ihnen . priest Im namen des vater des sohne und des heiligen geist . amen . Priest sprinkle some earth on the grave and move as if to exit dr . sound of music . close shot — kurtz and dr . winkel look off cr . mo . shot — priest move upstage , back to camera , to Anna and martin cr of she . he touch she , hand sympathetically , then move on script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary upstage between the two of they . close shot — grave digger look off cl . close shot -— anna and martins stand side by side . Anna turn away and move upstage , back to camera . martin move forward . mo . close shot — grave digger martin enter from cr . the former give he a spoonful of earth and martin sprinkle it on the grave cl out of picture . he exit cr . kurtz stand behind he , take spoon from grave digger . winkel stand behind cl of he look after martin cr . mo . shot — martins put on he hat , and make he way upstage , back to camera , through the grave lr . close shot — calloway look off cl for martin . he exit cl . close shot -— dr . winkel take spoon from grave digger . kurtz cr of he , hold wreath and look off past cr after martin . camera pan R as Dr. winkel hand back spoon and move lr to kurtz to take wreath . he stoops down to lay the wreath on the grave off L below frame -— and kurtz step forward as : long shot — cemetery martin make he way downstage through cemetery , follow by calloway . they exit cr . long shot — the roadway outside the cemetery , which be in L picture . martin follow by calloway enter from cl ; he be move upstage lr . calloway like a lift ? he turn round as calloway call to he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary mo . shot — martins look off past cl for calloway . calloway »..to town ? close shot — calloway look off cr for martin . calloway I have get a car here . long shot — the road outside the cemetery . calloway move downstage lr to car park in R f.g. martin follow he . martins thanks . close shot — paine in R profile in jeep , magazine in hand . he be look off R reacting to calloway . he put down the magazine and make a move as if to start the car . long shot — door of calloway' car close and it drive off upstage . mo . shot - paine drive he jeep , move out of picture lr . close shot — martins and calloway seat in the back of the car . martin ' cl - both full face . calloway my name be calloway . martins martin . calloway you a friend of lime 's ? martins yes . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary calloway be here long ? martins no . mo . close shot — anna walk along the road at the side of the cemetery in R profile , from calloway 's eye line in the car . camera travel back at speed of car , Anna recede into long shot , still walk . in b.g. , cl paine 's jeep be see slowly follow the car . close shot — martins and calloway seat in the back of the car travel lr . calloway you have have a bit of a shock , have not you ? you could do with a drink . martins could you buy I one . I have not get any austrian kroner . thanks . calloway schmolka ! Music stop . dissolve to : mo . shot -— martins cl , and calloway seat at a table in the kartnerstrasse bar . a bottle be on the table , and each have a glass in front of he . martins I guess nobody know Harry like he do - I do . he reach for the bottle and pour martin another calloway how long ago ? camera track in to close two shot . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins back in school . never so lonesome in my life till he show up . calloway when do you see he last ? martins September ' 39 . close shot — calloway past martin in L f.g. calloway when the business start ? martin drink from he glass . martins mmmm . put a cigarette to he mouth . calloway see much of he before that ? martins once in a while . close shot — martins past calloway in R f.g. martin have glass in hand . martins best friend I ever have . close shot — calloway past martin in L f.g. calloway that sound like a cheap novelette . close shot — martins past calloway in R f.g. martins well , I write cheap novelette . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot — calloway past martin in L f.g. calloway I be afraid I have never hear of you . what 's you name again ? martins Holly martin . calloway no , sorry . close shot — martins past calloway in L f.g. , who be drink . martins do you ever hear of " the Lone Rider of Santa Fe ? " calloway I can not say that I have . martins " death at the double X ranch " — ra - a-nch . calloway no. close shot — calloway past martin in L f.g. people see through the window , pass in b.g . martins must have know I be break . even send I a airplane ticket . it 's a shame . calloway what ? martins him die like that . calloway best thing that ever happen ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary closeup — martins look off cr for calloway . calloway ( 0.s. ) ...to he . martins what be you try to say ? calloway ( 0.s. ) he be ... closeup — calloway look off past cl for martin . calloway ... about the worst racketeer who ever make a dirty live in this city . closeup — martins look off cr for calloway . martins policeman , eh ? closeup — calloway look off cl for martin . calloway come on , have another drink . closeup — martins look off cr for calloway . martins no ... I never do like ... closeup — calloway look off cl for martin . martins ( 0.s. ) ... policeman . I have to call they sheriff . calloway script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ever see one ? martins pin it ona ... closeup — martins look off cr for calloway . martins Dead man . close shot -— paine seat at table in the bar , look at a magazine . he look up from it off cr , reacting to the conversation between martin and calloway . martins ( 0.s . ) some petty racket with gasoline or something . closeup — martins look off cr for calloway . martins just like ... closeup — calloway look off cl for martin . martins ( 0.s. ) »..a cop . you be a real cop I suppose . calloway it be not petrol . closeup — martins look off cr for calloway . he get to he foot , camera pan up with he . martins so , it be not petrol . so it be ... close shot — paine seat at the table look off cr for martin . he get to he foot as we : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins '..tire , or saccharin ... closeup — calloway look off past cl for martin . martins ( 0.s. ) why do not you catch a few murderer for a change ? calloway well , you could say that murder be part ... mo . close shot — martins slightly under the influence of drink , stand behind the table . calloway ...of he racket . he lean forward to cr to strike calloway . as he do so , a hand come in from L of picture and swing he back rl , camera panning with he , revealing paine cl of he - and he swing martin round . the latter grab the post at the corner of the bench and swing round with it and sit down on far side , lose he balance . calloway it 's all right . mo . close shot — calloway camera holding he as he get to he foot , look off cl for paine . calloway paine . camera pan rl with he , revealing paine and martin seat dr of he on far side of bench in L profile . he cross to they . calloway he 's only a scribbler with too much drink in he . take Mr. Holly home . he exit in cs camera L . the other two look after he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary paine Holly martin , sir ? close two shot — paine stand cl look down at martin seat in R f.g. paine the writer ? the author of " death at the double X ranch ? " mo . close shot - waiter and calloway who be three - quarter back to camera , take money out of he pocket to pay the bill . he look back , reacting to martin . martins ( 0.s. ) listen , callaghan . calloway calloway - I be English , not irish . close shot — paine stand cl of martin , seat in L profile R f.g . they be look off cl after calloway . martins you be not go to close you file at a dead man' ... close shot — calloway cigarette in hand , look off past cr for martin . take he change from off L. martins ( 0.s. ) ... expense . calloway go to find I the real criminal ? it sound like one of you storey . take change . martins ( 0.s. ) when I have finish with you ... close shot — paine script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary stand cl look down at martin seat in L profile . R f.g. , look off cl for calloway . martins »..- you will leave Vienna , you will look so silly . mo . shot — calloway stand cr of the waiter at the far side of the table , he change in he hand . he leave the waiter , crossing back to martin , who be reveal with paine in R of picture . camera pan lr lose the waiter . calloway ( he stuff some note into martin ' outside overcoat pocket ) here 's some army money . should see you through tonight at sacher 's Hotel , if you do not drink too much at the bar . we will keep a seat for you on tomorrow 's plane . he exit cr in cs . mo . shot - paine and calloway re-enter from cr to he and martin . calloway cross screen rl he hat now on , and as he pass , martin get to he foot and grab he , ready to strike he , but paine , stand behind they , strike he on the jaw and he jerk back lr , as we — CUT to : mo . shot -— martins stagger back between the table cl and the bench . paine enter from cl f.g. and help he to he foot , and sit he down on the bench cr - camera panning up with they . paine please be careful , sir . up we come . written anything lately ? calloway ( 0.s. ) take he to sacher 's . mo . close shot — calloway script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary look off cr for martin . he turn and walk away upstage toward the door of the cafe in b.g . calloway do not hit he again if he behave . ( look back over he shoulder for martin ) you go carefully there . close shot — martins seat in L profile L f.g. paine full face cr of he . calloway it 's a military hotel . paine I be so glad to have meet you , sir . I have read quite a few of you book . paine lean toward camera and bring martin ' grip up into picture from off R. martin get up , help by paine . camera pan up rl with they as they move to central aisle and toward the door , back to camera , revealing waiter stand in b.g. waiter auf wiedersehn meine herren . paine I like a good western . long shot — martins enter the lobby of sacher 's hotel , follow by paine . camera track back with they as they move down the corridor . paine catch he up . paine that 's what I like about they , sir . you can pick they up and put they down any time . paine call to hartman as he cross picture rl and the reception desk and clerk be reveal in L of picture . he approach it , follow by martin . paine oh , Mr. hartman ... porter yes , sir ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary paine Major calloway say this gentleman 's get to have a room for tonight . he will be off tomorrow . porter passport , please . mo . close shot -— crabbin lead a lady through the swing door from the lounge into the lobby . crabbin I can not very well introduce you to everybody . they move to exit cr . close shot — paine — cl — and martins at the hotel reception desk . porter would you mind fill this in ? mo . close shot - crabbin and girl with he . paine enter from cr to they . camera pan L , slightly , as girl friend cross picture , rl , and stand on L edge of frame , back to camera . paine Mr. crabbin . crabbin what be it , sergeant ? paine Mr. Holly martin , sir . crabbin who ? paine the author . think you might be interested . crabbin never hear of he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary paine oh , he 's very goad , sir . I have read quite a few of he book . crabbin have you , sergeant ? author — martin . thank you , sergeant . raising he R index finger , cautioningly to the girl with he — cl —- he exit past cr . close shot — martins — paine cr crabbin move downstage rl to he as he be write in the hotel register . he stand cr of martin . crabbin oh , Mr. martin , my name be crabbin . I represent the C.R.S. of g.h.q . he continue register . martins you do ! crabbin yes , cultural re-education section propaganda . very important ina place like this . we do a little show each week . last week we do " hamlet " and the week before we have something ... paine striptease , sir . crabbin yes , hindu dance , thank you , sergeant . this be the first opportunity we have have of make a american author welcome . martins welcome ? crabbin I will tell you what , Mr. martin . on Wednesday night at we institute , we be have a little lecture on the contemporary novel ... I think script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary perhaps you would like to speak . martin put he handkerchief to he sore jaw — look at crabbin . martins they would not know I . crabbin nonsense . you novel be very popular here . be not they , sergeant ? paine very popular , sir . crabbin very popular . be you stay long ? martins how long can one stay here on this stage money ? crabbin listen , Mr. martin , if you would agree to be we guest , we would be delighted to have you . closeup — martins look off cr for crabbin . martins would you ? close shot — paine and crabbin cr look off cl for martin . crabbin for as long as you care to stay . closeup — martins look off cr for crabbin . paine but he 's due to ... close shot — paine — crabbin cr they be look off cl for martin . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary paine ... leave tomorrow , sir . crabbin Excuse I , have you get tooth ... closeup — martins look off cr - a man enter through b.g. cl . crabbin ( 0o.s. ) -..ache . porter ( o.s. ) number eight , Mr. martin . martins come upstairs a moment . crabbin I know a very good dentist . martins I do not need a dentist . somebody hit I , that 's all . long shot — reception desk the porter usher martin downstage with crabbin , paine follow . porter bitte . martin and paine walk forward to cs . camera track , back with they , panning lr , to reveal staircase , and lose paine out of picture cl . crabbin goodness , we must report that to the police . do they try to rob you ? martin take off he hat . martins it be just a soldier . I be try to punch he major in the eye . crabbin no , a major , be you really ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins Heard of Harry lime ? crabbin I have hear of he , of course , but I do not exactly know he . they reach the stair and start up they . martins I be go to stay with he , but he die Thursday . crabbin goodness , that 's awkward . martins be that what you say to people after death ? " goodness that 's awkward ... " reception porter ( 0o.s. ) Mr. martin . close shot — reception porter hold up telephone , off receiver . porter Excuse I . telephone . mo . shot — martins on the staircase - crabbin cr of he - both turn back to look off L for reception desk . martins who be it ? close shot — reception porter behind desk . martin enter from cr f.g. to he . porter Baron kurtz . martins must be some mistake . close shot - back of martins ' head script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary as he speak into the phone . martins yes . baron ( 0.s. ) I be a friend of Harry lime . he turn round into full face position , talk into the phone . martins I would very much like to meet you , Baron . come around . baron ( 0.s. ) austrian be not allow in you hotel . could not we meet at the mozart cafe ? martins where ? baron ( 0.s. ) just around the corner . martins how will I know you ? baron ( 0.s. ) I will carry a copy of one of you book . Harry give it to I . he put down the receiver . he look off cr for crabbin . martins I will be there in a moment . wait a minute , if I do ... mo . shot — crabbin in R f.g. martin enter from cl and stand in R profile , look at he . martins ... this lecture business , you will put I up here a while ? crabbin certainly . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary camera pan rl and track forward very slightly , revealing paine and the swing door in b.g . martins it 's a deal . do you ever read a book of mine call " the Lone Rider of sante Fe ? " martin start walk to they , as do crabbin cr and paine . paine no , not that one , sir . martins it 's a story of a man who hunt down a sheriff who be victimize he best friend . martin exit through the swing door , and turn round to re-enter through the other one . crabbin seem exciting . martins it be , and I be gun just the same way for you Major callaghan . paine sound anti-british , sir . Martin go out through the door . dissolve to : ext . mozart cafe -— long shot Cafe table be outside on the pavement . Baron kurtz be discover move downstage to table in f.g. book in he hand . Music start . traffic noise be hear . close shot — martins come through a swing door . long shot — baron hold the book prominently in he hand to show cover , move downstage between the table look to right and leave . closeup — book script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary in the Baron 's hand . the cover depict a cowboy hold a revolver and title : " oklahoma kid . " martins Baron kurtz ? mo . shot — kurtz martin enter from cl . they shake hand . camera pan rl as they move to a table . waiter with tray in he hand be reveal on the far side of the table . martin sit down at the table . kurtz Mr. martin . delighted to meet you . come let 's sit down here . ober ! Zwei . what would you like . tea ? coffee ? martins coffee . kurtz Zwei zwartze . close shot — kurtz who sit into picture full face , past martin in L f.g. kurtz be still hold the book . kurtz it 's wonderful how you keep the tension . martins tension ? kurtz suspense . close shot — martins shoot past kurtz in R. f.g. martins you really like it ? kurtz at the end of every chapter -— — close shot — kurtz script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary shoot past martin in L. f.g. he be look at martin . kurtz you be leave guess what he will be up to next . close shot — martins past kurtz in R. f.g. martins so you be a friend of Harry 's ? close shot — kurtz past martin in L. f.g. kurtz I think he best , except for you , of course . close shot — martins past kurtz in R. f.g. martins the police have a crazy notion that he be mix up in some sort of racket . close shot — kurtz past martin in L. foreground . traffic noise be hear . kurtz everyone in Vienna be . we all sell cigarettes and that kind of thing . I tell you I have do thing that would have seem unthinkable before the war . once , when I be hard up , I sell some tire on the black market . I wonder what my father would have say . close shot — martins past kurtz in R. foreground . martins I be afraid the police mean more script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary than that . closeup — kurtz look off cl for martin kurtz they get rather absurd idea sometimes . he 's somewhere now , he will not mind about that . closeup — martins look off cr for kurtz . martins even so , I be not go to leave it at this . will you help I ? closeup — kurtz look off cr for martin . kurtz I wish I could , but you know I be a austrian . I have to be careful with the police . I be afraid I can not help you , except with advice of course . advice ... the music stop . dissolve to : long shot — kurtz — cl — martins walk down the street outside the building of Harry 's flat , which be cr . they start to cross road , camera panning rl with they . they stop in the middle of the road . he stop and point out as he speak . he be hold a small dachshund in he arm . traffic noise be hear over scene . kurtz we come out of he place like this , and be walk this way . a friend of he call to he from over there . Harry go across and from up there come the truck . it be just about here . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins here ? close shot — porter sweeping the road in front of Harry 's apartment . he glance up from he work to look off L at martin and kurtz . kurtz ( 0o.s. ) yes . mo . shot -—- martins and kurtz who be cr stand talk in the center of the street . kurtz his friend and I pick he up , carry he across over here . they turn and start to cross to other side . car honk . close shot - porter' wife clean window of apartment . she be look off cl for martin and kurtz . kurtz ( 0o.s . ) it be a terrible thing . terrible . mo . shot -— martins — cl kurtz cr back to camera walk upstage across the pavement . kurtz we laid he down just about here . and this be where he die . they stop and kurtz , the dog still in he arm , lean back against a dustbin cr in L. profile , look at martin who be face he . closeup — kurtz look off cl for martin . kurtz even at the end , he thought ... closeup — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary look off cr for kurtz - in R. profile . kurtz ( 0o.s. ) .. be of you . martins what do he say ? closeup — kurtz look off cl for martin . camera pan up slightly as he get up from lean position . kurtz I do not remember the exact word , Holly ... I may call you Holly , may not I ? he always call you that to we . ( dog whimper ) he be anxious that I look after you when you arrive . to see that you get safely home . ticket ... closeup — martins look off cr for kurtz - in R. profile . kurtz ( 0o.s. ) .».. you know and all that . martins but he say he die instantaneously . closeup — kurtz look off L. mo . long shot — porter sweeping road outside Harry 's apartment , from kurtz ' eye line . closeup — kurtz look off cl for martin . he glance off cr at the porter . kurtz well he die before the ambulance could reach we . closeup — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary in R. profile look off cr for kurtz . martins well , there be only you , and this friend of he . who be he ? kurtz ( 0o.s. ) a roumanian . closeup — kurtz look off cl for martin . kurtz Mr. popescu . closeup — martins look off cr for kurtz , in R. profile . martins I would like to talk to he . closeup — kurtz look off cl for martin . kurtz he 's leave Vienna . closeup — martins he step forward and out of picture cr . closeup — kurtz martin enter from cl crossing screen lr and exite cr . kurtz look after he . Dog whimper . ext . harry apartment — long shot the porter , finish sweeping , be just go inside the door . martin move upstage back to camera toward he . martins Excuse I ! porter ( o.s. ) yes , sir . close shot — porter script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary in doorway . martin enter to he from 'cl and stand cl of he in R. profile . martins do you know Mr. lime well ? porter Mr. lime —- yes . martins you remember I ? upstair ... porter yes , yes , I remember you . closeup — kurtz look off past cr for martin and porter , he move to exit cr . martins ( 0.s. ) well , who use to visit Mr. lime ? close shot — martins and porter at door . kurtz enter from f.g. and stand cr look at they . porter visit ? be will er wissen ? kurtz er will wissen wer hier verkehrt . porter so , es kommen so viele lauter heir -— sie - de der ... close shot - porter' wife at window . she turn away into the room . porter ( o.s. ) ... popescu ... mo . close shot —- martins , porter and kurtz cr porter und ich kann nicht alle kennen . martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary what do he say ? kurtz he say he do not know everybody . wife ( 0o.s. ) Carl . close shot - porter' wife at the door , look off cl for the porter . wife kannst due einen moment zu mir herein kommen ? closeup — porter past kurtz tipping R edge of frame . he glance over he L shoulder off cr for he wife . he turn back full face . porter ein moment . mo . shot — porter' wife move downstage . wife du musst zum telefon . closeup — porter past kurtz tipping R edge of frame . he turn away to exit cr . porter Excuse I . mo . shot —- porter' wife the porter come in from cl ; she shepherd he through the door and inside . close shot — martins look cr for kurtz . martins who be at the funeral besides ... close shot — kurtz script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary past martin in L f.g. martins ( 0.s. ) you . kurtz only he doctor , Dr. winkel . close shot — martins look off cl for kurtz . martins be not there a girl there ? close shot — kurtz past martin in L f.g. he step forward . Dog whine . kurtz some girl of the josefstadt theatre . well you know what Harry be . you ought not to speak to she . it would only cause she pain . close shot — martins past kurtz in R f.g . the latter step up to martin who move upstage -- slightly close to the wall of the building . camera track in slightly and martin take up he position cr of kurtz , camera holding they in close shot . martins not necessarily . she would probably want to help . kurtz what 's the good of another post mortem ? suppose you dig up something - well - discreditable to Harry ? martins will you give I ... closeup — kurtz past martin in L f.g. martins ( 0.s . ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ... you address ? kurtz I live in the Russian sector , but you will find I at the casanova Club every night . one have to work ... closeup — martins past kurt in R f.g. kurtz ( 0o.s. ) ... the best way one can , you know . martins what 's the name of this girl ? closeup — kurtz past martin in L f.g. kurtz I do not know . I do not think I ever hear it . closeup — martins past kurtz in R f.g. martins but you do mention the theatre . closeup — kurtz past martin in L f.g. kurtz the josefstadt . but I still think it will not do Harry any good . you would do better to think of yourself . closeup — martins past kurtz in R f.g. he smile at kurtz . martins I will be all right . closeup — kurtz past martin in L f.g. script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary kurtz I be so glad to have meet you . he cross f.g. rl and exit cl in front of martin . mo . long shot — kurtz and martins back to camera walk along the pavement with the building of Harry 's apartment cr of they . kurtz hold up martin ' book . camera track with they . they pass a commissionaire move downstage who pass between they . kurtz a master of suspense . such a good cover , I think . dissolve to : mo . shot — paine and martins at the reception desk of the hotel , martin cr . the reception porter far aside . martins number 8 , please . holding up ticket in hand . paine Major calloway 's compliment , sir , and here 's the ticket for the plane tomorrow . martins tell the Major , I will not need it . he turn from the desk to leave , to camera crossing f.g. lr in cs . camera panning with he , lose paine . he call back to the porter . martins oh , and porter , order I a ticket tonight for the josefstadt theatre . he start to mount the stair reveal in f.g. , move up they back to camera . crabbin , with he girl friend cr of he be reveal come down the cr side . crabbin script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary oh , Mr. martin , good evening . martins good evening Mr. crabbin . paine enter from cl f.g. and crabbin and the girl with he exit past he rl . paine he say I be to drive you to the airfield or take you to the bus , whichever you prefer . paine hold up the ticket to martin a few step up look down cl at he . martins do not you hear Mr. crabbin offer I the hospitality of the h.q.b.m.t.? dissolve to : int . josefstadt theatre -— long shot — the stage over the back of the head of audience in darken theatre in f.g. a costume play be in progress . the stage be crowded with actor bewigge and actress in powder wig and crinoline . Music start . actor ( on stage ) ich bitte dich . ich bitte dich . ich bitte dich . ferisiche un jetzt nur nicht streng zu kommen ... close shot — martins seat in stall , L profile favor camera . he be open he program to study it . actor ( 0.s. ) -.. sonze sagen wir alle der frau mama . close shot — anna in L profile in powder wig and costume on stage , perform . camera pan rl with she as she , laugh , step back to join other actor reveal in L of picture . actor script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary um gotteswillem . nein , nein , nur das nicht mein herzensguten wenn ich der mama nicht zage das stubenmaedshen nich eimmer in die wange zwekst . laesse du nich dann de wolfgang heiraten . close shot — martins in L proflle look at program then to stage . actor ( 0o.s. ) jas das ist ja glatte expressung . closeup — anna on stage . actor ja , ja , ja , - also - also . actor ja , ja , ja , to wenn ich drei madelen nicht nat ' dakonnt ' ich mir auch drei ... close shot — martins get up from he seat at the end of the row to leave . he exit cl . actor ( 0.s. ) krenzottern halten . giftiger - kommen die auch nicht stechen . au ... mo . long shot — martins enter from cr move upstage back to camera , along a corridor to backstage . a man cross the corridor lr from door to door in front of martin . Hand clap and music be hear . mo . shot — anna backstage , she move downstage to cs . camera panning rl with she as she lean against pillar in L f.g . mo . shot — martins look off cr for Anna . he move forward into closeup fully open the door - part open through which we have see he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary closeup — anna in R profile lean by pillar , look down , adjust she costume . other artist around she . closeup — martins at open door , look in cr at she . martins I be a friend of Harry lime 's . closeup — anna as she look up , reacting to he off cl . other artist around she . anna afterwards . long shot — anna make she way on stage from the wing , move upstage , back to camera . Girls laugh on stage . actor on stage speak over the laughter . actor ich habe gleich fier mid geniesse das ehelebon in vierfacher auflage . close shot — anna on stage curtsey , look laughingly up off L for she actor partner . laugh , on stage . closeup — martins at door look off cl for Anna . Music over . chatter from stage . closeup — anna on stage look off cr for martin in wing . she get to she foot from curtsey position , help by she partner 's hand from off L. actor kind das nene chiffonk leid furdich ist bestellt . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot — martins at open door of Anna 's dress room . Anna 's may exit past he through door . maid good night . anna good night . close shot — anna seat in L profile at she dress table , she be remove the jewelry from she costume . jewelry drop onto dress table . Music stop . closeup — martins in open doorway look off cl into the dress room for Anna . martins miss Schmidt ? close shot — anna seat at dress table , look up off R for martin at the door . she get up out of picture lr as we cut . anna oh , come in . mo . shot — anna come into picture from cl to martin who move downstage slightly to she from the door . girl enter from cl and exit through door . camera pan L slightly as they move to dress table . martins thank you . anna sit down . martins thank you . I enjoy the play very much . girl script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( exite ) gute nacht , Anna . anna gute nacht . martin sit down at the dress table . martins you be awfully good . anna do you understand german ? martins no , no ...oh ... excuse I . he get up , realise he have be sit on something , crushable . he stand in R f.g. so that we shoot past he L shoulder to close shot of Anna stand with she back to the dress table . martins but I could follow it fine . perhaps Harry tell you about I . my name 's Holly martin . anna no , he never tell I about he friend . would you like some tea ? she have pick up a packet of tea , and be hold it up in she hand . martins thank you . camera pan rl as she cross over to small stove - lose martin . she stand in front of it and glance off R for martin . anna someone throw I a packet last week . sometimes the british do , instead of flower you know , on the first night . she pick up a bottle and hold it up , show it to he . anna there be a bouquet too , from a script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary american . would you rather have a whiskey ? close shot — martins stand , look off cl for Anna . martins tea 's fine . close shot — anna in L profile at stove . anna good , I want to sell it . oh , there 's some tea leave . close shot — martins look off cl for Anna , he move forward . martins have you know he -— - some time ? close shot — anna hold cup and saucer in hand , look cr for martin off . anna yes . martin enter from cr and camera pan lr slightly to center they in a two shot . close shot — martins past Anna in L f.g . she hand he the cup and saucer and he hold it in both hand . she offer he a open tin of milk . martins I want to talk to you . - no , thank you . I want to talk to you about he . close shot — anna past martin in R f.g. anna there 's nothing really to talk script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary about , be there ? nothing . she move forward as if to exit cr . mo . shot — anna move into she chair in front of the dress table in profile . martin be see upstage of she - stand at she R side full face look down at she . she take off she wig . martins well , I see you at the funeral . anna I be so sorry , I do not notice much . martins you be in love with he , be not you ? anna I do not know . how can you know a thing like that afterwards . I do not know anything any more . closeup — anna in L profile seat in front of dress table take off she false eye-lash . anna except that I want to be dead too . some more tea ? she look up at he off cl . closeup — martins look down off cr for Anna , seat . martins no , not tea . would you like a cigarette ? camera pan lr with he as he move to offer she one from a packet . close shot — anna seat at dress table . martin stand upstage of she at she R side , face camera ( head out of picture above frame ) . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary she take one of the cigarettes he offer she . she run she finger through she hair . he sit down into picture upstage of the corner of the dress table in R profile , look at she . anna oh , american , thank you . I like they . martins I be talk to another friend of Harry 's . a Baron kurtz - do you know he ? he light she cigarette . anna no . martins he have a little dog . anna oh , yes , yes . Anna put she cigarette down . she pick up the wig block at she side and mount she wig on it . martins do not understand what Harry see in a fellow like that . anna that be the man that bring I some money when Harry die . he say Harry have be anxious at the last moment . Anna start to work on the curl of the wig . re-dressing it . martins he say he remember I too . seem to show he be not in much pain . anna Dr. winkel tell I that . martins Dr. winkel ? who be he ? anna the doctor Harry use to go to . he be pass just after it happen . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins his own doctor ? anna yes . martins be you at the inquest ? still work on the wig . anna yes . they say it be not the driver 's fault . Harry often say what a careful driver he be . martins he be Harry 's driver ? anna mmmm . he start to get up from chair . martins I do not get it ... mo . shot — martins make last move up from chair , and move away back to camera upstage . he walk up and down as he speak . martins all of they there . kurtz , this roumanian , popescu , he own driver knock he over . his own doctor pass by . no stranger there ... closeup — anna work on the curl on she wig . martins ( 0.s. ) -..at all . anna I know . I wonder about it a hundred time , if it really be a accident . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary closeup — martins back to camera , swing round full face to look off past cr at Anna , reacting to she remark . Music crescendo . closeup — anna work on wig , look up off cl for martin . anna what difference do it make ? he 's dead , be not he ? mo . shot -— martins look off cr for Anna . martins well , if it be not a acci ... manager ( o.s. ) miss Schmidt ! mo . close shot — anna at dress table , work at wig . she look up off cr , reacting to manager 's summon . anna ja , herr hogan . I must hurry . they do not like we to use the light . she get up and move to exit cl . close shot — martins look off cl for Anna . martins the porter see it happen . close shot — anna undoing the back of she dress , partly conceal behind she dress table , which she be use as a screen . anna then why worry ? close shot — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary look at he watch . martins do you know that porter ? close shot — anna behind dress table look off cr for martin . she hesitates before she answer . anna yes . dissolve to : int . live room — harry apartment -— mo . shot the porter move upstage to the close window follow by Anna , cl and martin . he open they . porter sehen sie da gleich da unter . Da unten ist est passiert . passiert — English . martins what 's he say ? anna he say it happen right down there . close shot — porter and martins cr in L profile look at he . porter happen ... yes happen right down there . martins you see it ? porter not see , hear ... hear . I hear the brake . wham ! and I get to the window and see they carry the body to the other side of the er ...er Joseph ... that 's Joseph Emperor Joseph statue . martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary why do not they bring he in the house ? long shot — anna move through the open door from the live room into the bedroom and switch on the light . in the b.g. porter and martin can still be see , stand together at the window , talk . camera track back with she . she take off hat and move to sit down at dress table . close shot — anna sit into position at the dress table , and take comb from dress table drawer start to comb she hair . close shot — porter and martins who be cr - both in profile , talk to each other . martins could he have be conscious ? porter conscious ? cas soll ich auch noch wissen ? martins oh , er - oh ... be he - be he still alive ? porter er , alive ? he could not have be alive , not with he head in the way it be . martins I be tell that he do not die at once . porter ah , er war gleich tot - I mean , sie war gleich tot - brauchen kein angst zu . ein moment ... wart ein bissel ... wartein bissel . fraulein Schmidt ! long shot — porter script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary walk through the live room downstage toward the bedroom . martin enter from the window cl b.g. and follow after he . porter wis sagt man in English gleich tot ? close shot — anna comb she hair at the dress table in R profile . anna he be quite dead . long shot — porter in live room face camera , look off into bedroom . he turn round to leave and right look for martin , then discover he behind he . porter he be quite dead . close shot — anna at dress table in R profile look into the mirror off R. martins ( 0.s. ) but that sound crazy . if he be ... closeup — insert Anna pick up a photograph without a frame , of herself stand at the open door of a car , wave . martins ( 0.s. ) ..- kill at once , how could he have talk about I , and this lady here , after he be dead ? close shot — anna seat at dress table in R profile . she put the photograph in the drawer of the dress table . martins ( 0.s. ) why do not you say all this at the inquest ? mo . shot — martins past porter in L f.g. he walk to martin and stand cl of script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he L profile favor . porter it be better not to be mix up in thing like this . closeup — martins past porter in L f.g. martins thing like what ? closeup — porter past martin in R f.g. porter I be not the only one who do not ... closeup — martins past porter in L f.g. porter ( o.s. ) ... give evidence . martins who else ? closeup — porter past martin in R f.g. porter Three man help to carry you friend to the statue . closeup — martins past porter in L f.g. martins kurtz . porter yes . martins the roumanian ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary porter yes . martins and ? closeup — porter past martin in R. f.g. porter there be a third man - he do not give evidence . martins you do not mean that doctor ? porter no , no . he come late after they carry he to the Joseph statue . closeup — martins past porter in L f.g. martins what do this man look like ? closeup — porter past martin in R f.g. porter I do not see he face ... closeup — martins past porter in L f.g. he exit cl . porter he do not look up . closeup — porter look off cr after martin . porter he be quite - gewernlich ... ordinary . mo . shot — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary move rl to the open window cl and stand look out of it to the street below . porter ( o.s. ) he might have be ... long shot the lamp light street below from martin eye line as he look out of the window . porter ( o.s. ) just anybody ... closeup — martins in L profile look down off L out of the window . martins just anybody . the telephone ring off . mo . close shot — anna sit into position lr on the bed cl of bedside table . she pick up the phone to answer it . in the b.g. in live room beyond we see the porter . as she answer - she idly open the lid of a box at the side of the bed on the table , and take dice and shaker from it start to throw they . martin come into picture from cl in live room in b.g. anna hullo ... hullo . wer ist da ? hullo ? warum antworten sie nicht ? hullo ? mo . shot — martins with porter cr of he from Anna 's eye line . they be both look off cr for Anna . she replace phone on hook . martins who be that ? close shot — anna seat on the bedside table roll dice . anna I do not know . they do not answer . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins ( 0.s. ) I be tell there be only two man there . mo . shot — martins walk upstage a few step to stand close cl of the porter in R profile , talk to he . martins you gotta tell you story to the police . porter Police ? why police ? das ist alle blodsum be sie da sangen . no , no . it be all nonsense ; it be a accident . martins you do not know it be a accident . you only see a dead man and three man carry he . porter Der ami macht mich noch ganz deppert . I should have listen to my wife . she say you be up to no good . gossip . martins suppose I take ... close shot floor between wide open double door from live room to landing beyond . a large , child 's rubber ball roll through they into the room . martins ( 0.s. ) ... you evidence to the police ? close shot on to landing through wide open door . a woolly mitten appear round the cr door , and then slowly the face of a small boy , dress for the street , appear round the corner of the door . he look off cl , reacting to the two men' angry word . porter ( o.s. ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary fer von mir aus gehen sie zur gansalt aber mich lassen sie aus mit der politzei . martins ( 0.s. ) now , hold on . porter ( o.s. ) das hat man davon wenn man freundlich ist mit de auslandern ... long shot camera tilted at a angle , from the boy 's eye line . porter cl in the live room - and martin cr - martin back to camera . porter I have no evidence . I see nothing . I say nothing . it 's not my business . martins well make it you business . close shot — hansel in the doorway look off cl for the two man . porter ( o.s. ) ach jetzt hate aber zwolte geschlagen . jetzt heh 'ma aber . long shot camera tilted - porter with martin cr . Anna enter from bedroom in b.g. put out light . she move downstage to the two man . the porter pick up the rubber ball and throw it off cl to the boy . porter ... fr lein Schmidt ... ebs sie waren mir mier sympatische . I have always like you but you must not bring this gentleman here again . you must go at once please . sonst fergesseich meinen wienerischen charm . please . mo . shot — hansel pick up ball as it roll into picture and run off with it upstage along the corridor outside the room . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary dissolve to : long shot Anna cl and martin walk side by side along the wet lamplit street . building cl of the pavement . camera track back with they . they stop in cs in f.g . anna you should not get mix up in this . martins well , if I do find out something , can I look you up again ? anna why do not you leave this town - go home ? mo . close shot — landlady eider - — down wrap round she shoulder over clothes - hair unkempt , call to Anna who enter from R f.g . woman wo unglaublich stecken sie denn fraulein Schmidt . die politzei be oben . she open the wringht iron doorway . closeup — anna look up off cl at the building . woman ( 0o.s . ) sie suchen nach papieron . close shot — martins cl and Anna look up off cl to the building 's higher storey . woman ( 0o.s . ) Une lesen alle ihre briefe . long shot the light window above from Anna and martin eye line . woman ( 0o.s. ) al wenn man ein werbrecher ware . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot — martins and anna look off cl for the landlady . martins what be it ? close shot — landlady look off cr for martin and Anna woman be will die politzei von ihnen ? close shot — martins and anna look up off cl . Anna turn away . martin look after she then off cl for landlady . anna ich weiss nicht . woman das mussen sie doch wissen . ich meine ohne grund wird die politzei doch nicht in han komme fraulein Schmidt , ein schande ... martins what 's she talk about ? anna the police . they be search my room . sie mussen doch wissen . mo . shot — landlady in doorway . Anna and martin enter from cr f.g. , and crossing in front of she enter the building . woman Une be es sich handelt , mein eott das ist doch ichrecklich . , .. long shot from top of stair Anna come through archway at bottom of stone stair follow by martin and the landlady . woman script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary man ist ja nicht mehr herr in seinem eigenen han . mo . shot — old lady look through the iron bannister rail off R. at martin and Anna as they mount the stair . woman wein es noch die oesterreichische politzei ware ... long shot — martins lead by Anna walk along corridor from stone stair . camera pan lr with they revealing a marble corridor and they walk upstage along this , back to camera . woman ( 0o.s. ) ... ehine nach rechtzatig . long shot Anna 's room , the Police of the International patrol , with the austrian police , be search it . open drawer , turn thing over , etc . Anna follow by martin enter from cr and move downstage to calloway in f.g. martins what the devil ? calloway get around , martin . martins oh , pin thing on girl now . close shot — calloway past Anna in L f.g. mp 's of the patrol see in b.g. calloway miss Schmidt , I should like to see you papers , please . mo . close shot — anna past calloway in R f.g. - martin enter cr of she just behind she L shoulder . martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary do not give he anything . Anna take out she passport and hand it to calloway . martin turn away . calloway thank you . close shot — calloway past Anna in L f.g . he look at she passport . calloway you be bear in graz of austrian ... close shot — anna calloway in R f.g. calloway +..- parent . anna yes. close shot — calloway past Anna in L f.g. calloway paine . he take a step lr camera panning with he to reveal paine , and lose Anna . he show paine the passport . they stand together - paine cr look at it . paine hold it up to the light . calloway hmmm . closeup — anna look off cr for paine and calloway . close shot — calloway and paine paine it 's very good sir , be not it ? calloway look off cl for Anna . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary calloway how much do you pay ... closeup — anna look off cr for calloway . calloway ... for this ? close shot — calloway and paine look at passport , then off cl for Anna . calloway I be afraid I will have to keep this -— closeup — anna look off cr for they . calloway - for a while miss Schmidt . mo . close shot — martins look off cr for calloway . Soldiers in b.g. still search room . martins how do you expect she to live in this city without papers ? close shot — calloway and paine calloway hand passport to paine who exit cl - and calloway move away upstage - camera panning rl slightly , and revealing Anna and hold she in close shot . in b.g. martin be discover ; he follow calloway to the back of the room . calloway write she out a receipt , paine . give she a receipt for this letter too . paine this way , miss . Anna exit quickly cl . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins I suppose it would not interest you to know that lime be murder ? you be too busy . you have not even bother to get complete evidence . mo . shot — paine in L f.g. seat at a table , he be hold a few letter in he hand . close shot Anna walk up to the table cr of he . — paine seat at table , letter in hand . Anna enter from cl to stand at he side , camera track in to hold they in close shot . mo . shot cr of he . there be a close shot anna must you take that ? paine they will be return , miss . anna they be - private - letter . paine that 's all right , miss , do not worry . we be use to it - like doctor . calloway and martins Police around they still carry a the search . slight commotion . martins and there be a third man there . I suppose that do not sound peculiar to you . calloway I be not interested in whether a racketeer like lime be kill by he friend or by accident . the only important thing be that he 's dead . — anna look off cr reacting to he remark . calloway ( 0.s. ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary I be sorry . close shot — calloway martin step up beside he cl . martins tactful too , be not we , callaghan ? calloway calloway . Anna enter from cl , camera track back panning lr lose martin -— calloway stop in f.g. in close shot have walk downstage a little way - Anna walk beside he and stop beside he cl - and they be hold in close shot together . anna must you take that letter ? calloway yes , I be afraid so . anna they're Harry 's . calloway that 's the reason . anna you will not learn anything from they . they be only love letter . there be not many of they . calloway they will be return to you , miss Schmidt , as soon as they have be examine . anna there 's nothing in they . close shot — anna past calloway in R f.g. anna Harry never do any thing . only a small thing once , out of kindness . close shot — calloway script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary past Anna in L f.g. calloway and what be that ? close shot — anna past calloway in R f.g. anna you have get it in you hand . close shot — calloway past Anna . he react off L as the m.p. call he . m.p. ( o.s. ) Mr. calloway ! close shot — american m.p. past Russian m.p. in L f.g. and austrian policeman in R of picture . american m.p. finish ? calloway ( 0.s. ) yes . american m.p. okay . he signal to he partner that the search be over and throw some papers back in a drawer that have be take out . move to exit cr . close shot — calloway past Anna in L f.g. calloway you will have to come with we ... closeup — anna look off cr . calloway ( 0.s. ) miss Schmidt . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins ( 0.s. ) you be not lock she up ? Anna move to exit cl . calloway ( 0.s. ) go home , martin , like a sensible chap . you do not know what you be mixing in . mo . shot — martins and calloway who turn away and walk behind martin rl . camera pan rl slightly with he . policeman cross f.g. rl. camera pan lr again . calloway move downstage again cr and in front of martin who look after he . he move to exit . calloway get the next plane . martins as soon as I get to the bottom of this , I will get the next plane . calloway death be at the bottom of everything , martin . leave death to the professional . martins do you mind if I use that line in my next western ? you can not chuck I out , my papers be in order . mo . close shot — anna in kitchen alcove with paine cr of she . he have the letter in he hand which he pass to she . paine there you be , miss , you receipt for the letter . anna I do not want it . paine well , I have get it when you want it , miss . he move away upstage back into the main part of the room script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary again . martin enter to she from the room , and stand cr of she . martins anything really wrong with you papers ? anna they be forge . martins why ? anna the Russians would claim I . I come from Czechoslovakia . mo . shot — german landlady with police search the room around she . she be clutching the eiderdow about she . she speak to a Russian soldier in L £.g. who ignore she . woman wie die vandale ! ja sie will schlep - will schleppen sie schlon das wieder hir ! mein gott sie kommen doch nicht das gause han auf de kopf stellen s... monsieur och versteht er auch nicht - mensch zimmer einer - — dame . camera pan R with she as she move lr to a british soldier reveal in R f.g. , who move across screen rl pay no attention to she . camera pan rl again with she revealing a american mp in close shot in L f.g. go over the content of a box in he hand . he ignore she and exit cl put down the box . she look off cl for Anna . woman fraulein Schmidt - erklaren sie doch ... mo . close shot — anna look off cr for the landlady . martin cr of she turn he head to look at Anna then off R for the landlady . woman ( 0o.s. ) de leuten . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary anna ja , ja , ja . woman sayen sie ed we de leuten damit sie es auch wissen . martins what do she say ? close shot — landlady look off . cl for Anna . woman hier sind fruher fursten and unt eingeganger . hier hat sogar ein metternich verkehrt ... close shot — anna and martins anna give she some cigarettes . woman ( 0o.s. ) das worren nooh zeiten . mo . shot -— landlady soldier in b.g. woman Da hut man sich noch austandig benomen da war ? martin enter from cl and hold out a packet of cigarettes to she . martins cigarette ? paine enter from cr . she take one . woman danke , danke . martins please take some more . calloway be see behind and between martin and the landlady . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary woman ... sehr liebernsurdig danke , danke , danke vielmal sie sind wieklich der einsige austandige mensch hier ... calloway call off cl to Anna , and paine in R f.g. watch he . calloway miss Schmidt ... close shot — anna stand at the window . a kitten see on the window sill outside . calloway ( 0.s. ) ready ? she turn to look back over she L shoulder cr for calloway . martin enter from cr f.g. to stand cl of she . martins look , look , I will straighten out all this nonsense about Harry . you will be all right . closeup — anna look off cl for martin . she turn and exit cr . anna sometimes he say I laugh too much . mo . shot — doorway crowded with police exite through it . Anna come through the door escort by two austrian police , with paine see behind she cl . camera truck back as they come out of the door . martin push he way through the group behind Anna , and make he way to side of cr policeman and call across he to Anna rl . martins oh , what be the name of that doctor ? Harry 's doctor ? anna Dr. winkel . she exit cl and as the doorway clear of police , calloway appear in it behind martin and cl of he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary calloway what do you want to see a doctor for , huh ? martins a bruise lip . calloway exit cl into the corridor , after Anna and paine . as he do so , the landlady appear in the open doorway . long shot of the hall , Anna escort , in b.g. move upstage along the corridor back to camera , follow by paine , and calloway enter from cr call to martin off . paine good ! dissolve to : close shot a drawer take out of its chest rest on calloway 's desk . Music start . it contain some papers - box of powder , etc . some hand from cr replace some thing - another soldier 's hand from off L put some papers back in the drawer . calloway ( 0.s. ) Laboratory ? close shot — anna look off cr for calloway and other solider . calloway ( 0.s. ) we be come right down . long shot - three m.p. ' S group round calloway 's desk . calloway be stand behind it . camera pan rl as carry the drawer the soldier follow by calloway cross the room , revealing Anna . calloway you wait here , miss Schmidt . the soldier exit through door cl follow by calloway . she walk downstage to close shot . camera trucking back with her . she look out of the window which look on to the corridor - script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary and a soldier pass along it . long shot from Anna 's eye line of a wide open door to a office on opposite side of the corridor . a austrian policeman show a Russian officer some papers . the open door bear the inscription : " russian liaison officer . " the policeman move towards door as if to exit . closeup — anna look through window into the corridor off cl . close shot — russian leave the Russian office walk rl camera tracking back with he and panning down to close shot of Anna 's passport which he be look at hold open in he hand - we see she photograph . closeup — anna look out of the window cr watch for the policeman off . dissolve to : long shot — martins walk down dark street , building on cr and cl . he be smoking . Music stop . footstep be hear on pavement and a tug hoot ... close shot — chicken be carve on a plate —- from cr . winkel ( 0o.s. ) haben sie lieber de flugel oder das bein ? close shot the close front door , past martin in R f.g . the door open a little and a may appear , she look out at martin . maid die sprechstund zwischen be von drei bis funf ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins Dr. winkel - I be sorry I do not speak german . maid nein . martins please , will not you say that I 'ma friend of Harry lime ... close shot — chicken be carve from off cr . winkel ( 0o.s. ) hilda ! maid ( 0o.s. ) ja. winkel ( 0o.s. ) fuhren sie de herre herein . mo . close shot - maid in doorway past martin in R f.g. martin step forward back to camera , and take off he hat enter past she . maid bitte . long shot — martins come into the live room ushere by the may . she close the double door behind he exite . we hear a clock chime . maid bitte sir . close shot — winkel look through glass door into room at martin off cr . long shot — martins in the live room turn look around he . close shot — winkel move round the glass door and move forward exite cr , to script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary enter the live room . winkel guton ... close shot — martins turn round full face and look off cl for winkel reacting to hearing he voice . winkel ( 0o.s. ) ... abend . close shot -— winkel martin enter from cr f.g. and we shoot past he in R f.g. camera track back slightly . martins Dr. winkel ? winkel vinkel . martins vinkel ... you have get quite a collection of er-collection . winkel yes . close shot — dachshund look up off cr for he master . Dog yelp . closeup — martins look down cr for dog . winkel ( 0o.s. ) be wilst du hier ? close shot — winkel look down cl for the dog . winkel du hast hier earnicht verloren mach dass du rauskommst . ja , komm , komm , komm , komm , komm , hier ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot - dog sit on carpet look up off cr . he exit cr . winkel ( 0o.s. ) komm , sei brav nu sei bray ja ... closeup — martins look down off cl for the dog . winkel ( 0o.s. ) nu mach schon — mach schon . close shot — ground between open door . winkel 's foot hustle the dog through it lr . winkel Mach schon . so , so be gut . close shot — martins look off cl for winkel . he step forward . martins be that you dog ? mo . shot — winkel walk down stage from the door . martin enter from cr and cross to stand cl of he . winkel yes . would you mind ...er...er.... camera track back as winkel walk to camera pull forward a chair for martin in R f.g. martins martin . winkel come to the point , please . martins thank you . winkel I have guest wait . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martin cross in front of winkel and sit down in chair in L profile —- winkel stand cl of he look down at he . martins we be both friend of Harry lime . close shot — martins seat in chair , past winkel in L f.g. martins I want to find out all I can . close shot — winkel stand look down at martin in R f.g . winkel find out ? martins hear the detail . winkel I can tell you very little . he be run over by a car . he be dead when I arrive . close shot — martins seat , past winkel in L f.g. martins who be with he ? close shot — winkel past martin in R f.g. winkel two friend of he . close shot — martin past winkel in L f.g. martins sure , two ? close shot — winkel script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary past martin in R f.g. he exit cl . winkel quite sure . mo . close shot — martins seat in chair , look off cl for winkel . martins could he have be at all conscious ? winkel ( 0o.s. ) I understand ... close shot — winkel enter from cr move rl in L profile . he stop in front of a candle stick and pull at the unlight wick . he turn he head to look off cr for martin . winkel ..- he be . yes , for a short time , while they carry he across the road . martins ( 0.s. ) in great pain ? winkel not necessarily . mo . close shot — martins seat look off cl for winkel . martins well , could he have be capable of make plan ... mo . close shot — dr . winkel pace up and down in a small area . he walk downstage rl into close shot . camera panning with he and stop behind a small ornamental statue on a table . martins ( 0.s. ) ... for I and other , just ... just during that few moment ? I understand he leave some instruction script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary before he die . he blow some imaginary dust off the statue . winkel I can not give any opinion . I be not there . my opinion be limited as to the cause of death . he look off R for martin . winkel have you any reason to be dissatisfied ? close shot — martins seat in chair look off cl for winkel . martins be —- be it possible that he death might have be — not accidental ? closeup — winkel look off cr for martin . martins ( 0.s. ) could he have be ... could he have be ... close shot — martins look off cl for winkel . martins push , Dr. winkel ? close shot — winkel look off cr for martin . winkel I can not give a opinion , the injury to the head and skull would have be the same . dissolve to : mo . shot — anna camera panning rl with she as she walk along the glass script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary partition of calloway 's office overlook the corridor . calloway come into picture from cl walk toward the door . as he open the door we see the Russian Officer in the opposite office , papers in hand , look at calloway . russian Major , may I see you for a moment , please ? calloway turn back . calloway certainly , brodsky . close shot — brodsky calloway enter from cr and stand in L profile cr of he as Russian turn over page of passport . calloway what be it ? russian this be forgery . it be very clever . mo . close shot — anna behind cr side of open glass door to calloway 's office look off cl for he . russian ( 0.s. ) we be interested in this case . have you arrest the girl ? calloway ( 0.s. ) no , not yet . close shot — brodsky and calloway the former give calloway the passport . russian please keep this passport to yourself , until I make some inquiry , will you , Major ? calloway yes , of course . russian thank you . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary brodsky exit into he office again . mo . shot -— calloway enter from cl to Anna in R f.g. camera track and pan lr , as he cross screen then exit cr - but hold Anna in closeup . calloway right . sit down miss Schmidt , we will send you letter and thing back to you . anna and my passport ? mo . close shot — calloway behind he desk . calloway we will need that for a while longer . close shot — anna turn away . mo . long shot — brodsky in he office take down a file from the cabinet - across the corridor , from Anna 's eye line . close shot — anna in L profile look off cl for the Russian . anna what do he mean ? close shot — calloway at he desk look off cl for Anna . he pick up a photo from he desk and move round it camera panning rl with he in closeup - Anna be reveal . he stop in profile Anna cr of he - and we hold they in a close shot . calloway you know as much as I do , miss Schmidt - you be intimate with lime , be not you ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary anna we love each other , do you mean that ? he hold a photograph of a man up to she . calloway do you know this man ? anna I have never see he . close shot — calloway past Anna in R f.g . he be hold up the photograph to she . calloway Joseph harbin ... anna no. calloway he work in a military hospital . anna no. calloway it 's stupid to lie to I , miss Schmidt . I be in a position to help you . he turn away and exit cr . Anna turn in R profile and look after he cr . anna I be not lie . you be wrong about Harry - you be wrong about everything . mo . close shot — calloway hand in pocket stand behind he desk look off cl for Anna . calloway in one of he letter he ask you to telephone - a good friend of he call Joseph . he give you the number of the casanova Club . that script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary be where a lot of friend of lime use to go . closeup — anna anna it be not important . closeup — calloway look off cl for Anna . calloway what be the message ? closeup — anna look off cr for calloway . anna something about meeting Harry at he home . closeup — calloway look off cl for Anna . calloway harbin disappear the day you telephone . we have get to find he . closeup — anna look off cr for calloway . calloway ( 0.s. ) you can help we . anna what can I tell you but that you have get everything upside down . closeup — calloway look off cl for Anna . he turn to window camera panning lr slightly with he . calloway okay . that american friend of yours be still wait for you . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary long shot —- the STREET — from calloway' eye line martin pace on the far corner - look up at the window . tram pass lr . calloway he will not do you much good . close shot — calloway at the window . he turn baok to look off cl for Anna . Music start . calloway thank you , miss Schmidt . we will send for you when we want you . he move over to cl window camera panning rl slightly with he . tram run along . closeup — anna in R profile eye lower . she turn away . dissolve to : close shot — neon sign over club entrance read : casanova revue buhne bar . traffic noise . mo . shot — anna enter the club rl past a commissionaire , follow by martin . doorman bitte schoen . camera pan rl as they leave door and move into hall lose the door , and revealing crabbin and he girl friend . Anna exit . martin stand cl of crabbin , they shake hand - the girl stand cr of crabbin wait for he . crabbin hello - Mr. martin , we try to get you at you hotel . we have arrange that lecture for tomorrow . martins what about ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary crabbin on the modern novel - you remember what we arrange and we want you to talk on the crisis of faith . crabbin 's friend exit cr and martin hand he hat and coat to the hat check girl . martins what 's that ? crabbin oh , I think you would know , you be a writer . of course you do . good night , old man . he start to exit cr then turn back . crabbin oh , I have forget my hat . I will let you know the time later . crabbin exit cr and camera track back as martin walk forward to close shot . camera pan rl with he as he turn to he R and walk through archway into the empty bar reveal beyond . Anna the only customer be seat back to camera on a stool at the bar - the barman cr of she . she be the only customer . martin walk upstage to she , back to camera . close shot — anna seat in R profile at the bar . martin come to stand at she R side - look at she for a moment - then turn to lean with he back against the bar face she - in L profile . martins drink ? anna whiskey . to bartender off R. martins two whiskey . close shot — fat woman customer at a table in restaurant - past man with she in R f.g . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary opposite side of the table . she be eat soup . kurtz be stand cr of she —- lean over she serenade with a violin . close shot — anna and martins barman put drink on the counter in front of they in f.g. from o.s . R barman ( 0o.s. ) Zwei whiskey . martins how much ? barman ( 0o.s. ) Zwanzig schilling . anna they do not take army money here . Anna start rummage in she handbag for money - in the process some of the content tumble out on to the counter include a photograph . martin pick it up . martins Harry ? anna yes . he move he head , but the rest be good , be not it ? she take back the photo and put it in she bag again . closeup — woman customer at the table , with kurtz bend down close cr of she - smile and play the violin . he suddenly react to sighting martin off cr . he finish play and straighten up camera panning up lr with he and lose the woman customer - and we hold he in closeup look off cr still . close shot — popescu seat at table read a paper , and smoking a cigar . closeup — kurtz nod off R at popescu , then narrowing look off closer to camera for martin move forward to exit cr . close shot - popescu script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary look off wider cr for martin paper still in hand . close shot — anna and martins cr of she . kurtz move downstage to stand between they full face . kurtz good evening , miss Schmidt . martin put down he glass . anna good evening . kurtz so , you have find out my little secret . a man must live . ( to martin ) how go the investigation ? have you prove to the police they be wrong ? closeup — martins look off cl for kurtz . martins not yet . kurtz ( 0o.s . ) but you will . closeup — kurtz past martin in R f.g. kurtz we friend Dr. winkel say you have call . be not he helpful ? closeup — martins past kurtz in L f.g. martins well , he be - er -— limited . closeup — kurtz past martin in R f.g. script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary kurtz Mr. popescu be here tonight . martins ( 0.s. ) the roumanian ? kurtz yes . the man who help carry he . closeup — martins past kurtz in L f.g. martins I think he leave Vienna ? closeup — kurtz past martin in R f.g. kurtz he be back now . closeup — martins past kurtz in L f.g. martins I would like to meet all of Harry 's friend . closeup — kurtz past martin in R f.g. he exit cr . kurtz I will bring he to you . closeup — anna look off cr for martin . anna have not you do enough for tonight ? closeup — martins camera panning down rl to bring in Anna as he lean down on bar cr of she full face . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins the porter say three man carry the body - and two of they be here . long shot from martin ' eye line some member of the International patrol appear in the doorway to the bar . mo . close shot — anna and martins cr leave on the bar . behind they in the reflection of the wall mirror martin watch the International patrol as they enter bar . a american m.p. follow by a Russian enter from cl crossing screen behind Anna and Martin lr . as they go martin turn back to the bar . martins who be you look for now ? anna sssh . do not . do not , please . martins silly look bunch . mo . long shot — kurtz follow by popescu make they way through the table and some member of the patrol camera tracking back with they and panning rl revealing Anna and martin at the bar in f.g . they stop face they - kurtz cl . kurtz introduce popescu . kurtz Mr. popescu - Mr. martin . martins how do you do . popescu any friend of Harry 's be a friend of mine . kurtz I will leave you together . kurtz exit cr . popescu script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary good evening , miss Schmidt . you remember I ? anna of course . popescu I help Harry fix she papers , Mr. martin ... martins oh , you do . popescu not the sort of thing I should confess to a total stranger , but you have to break the rule sometimes . humanity 's duty . he put a cigarette in he mouth from a packet in he hand and offer it to Anna . popescu cigarette , miss Schmidt ? anna thank you . popescu keep the packet . close shot — martins past popescu in L f.g. martins I understand you be with ... close shot — popescu past martin in R f.g. martins Harry ... popescu two double whiskey . be wunschen sie ? he look off cl for Anna . anna ( 0.s . ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary nichts danke . kein . popescu entschuldigen sie . it be a terrible thing . closeup — anna hold glass look down thoughtfully . popescu ( 0o.s. ) I be just crossing the road to go to Harry . mo . shot — popescu and martins crossing bar into restaurant . camera panning and tracking lr with they and revealing the almost empty table beyond . they move upstage back to camera , and stop in the center of the room . popescu he and the Baron be on the sidewalk . if I have not start to cross the road it would not have happen . I can not help blame myself and wishing thing have be different . anyway he see I , and step off the sidewalk to meet I , and the truck ... close shot - popescu past martin in R f.g. martin walk forward and stand cr of he in L profile . popescu it be terrible , Mr. martin — terrible . I have never see a man kill before . he light a cigarette . martins I think there be something funny about the whole thing . popescu funny ? martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary something wrong . popescu of course there be . some ice for Mr. martin . a tray with two drink come into picture from cl and they each take one . martins you think so , too ? martin walk round popescu rl. popescu it be so terrible for a man like Harry to be kill in a ordinary street accident . martin be now cl of he in L f.g. martins that 's all you mean ? popescu what else ? closeup — martins past popescu in R f.g. Music stop . martins who be the third man ? closeup — glass to he lip , lower it smile - past martin in L f.g. popescu I ought not to drink it . it make I acid . what man would you be refer to , Mr. martin ? closeup — martins past popescu in R f.g. martins I be tell that a third man help you and kurtz to carry the body . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary closeup — popescu past martin in L f.g. popescu I do not know how you could have hear that here . the find of the body be in the police report . there be just the two of we - I and the Baron . who could have tell you a story like that ? closeup — martins past popescu in R f.g . he raise glass to drink . martins the porter at Harry 's place - he be clean the window at the time . closeup — popescu past martin drink from he glass in L f.g. popescu and see the accident . closeup — martins past popescu in R f.g. martins no , no . he do not see the accident — but he see three man carry the body . closeup — popescu past martin in L f.g. popescu be not he at the police inquiry ? martins he do not want to get involved . popescu will we never teach this austrian to be good citizen . it be he duty to give the evidence . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary popescu move away lr upstage back to camera , camera panning with he , and lose martin . he sit down in a chair . popescu even so — he remember wrong . mo . close shot — martins move down stage to cl of popescu seat in L profile R f.g. at a table smoking . camera pan lr with martin as he cross in front of popescu . popescu what else do he tell you ? martins that Harry be dead before you get he to that statue . martin sit down camera panning down slightly with he as he sit cr of popescu and we shoot past he in R f.g. , to the former . martins he probably know a lot more than that . somebody 's lie . popescu ( he drink ) not necessarily . closeup — martins look off cl for popescu . martins the police say he be mix up in some racket . closeup — popescu look off cr for martin . popescu oh , that 's quite impossible . he have a great sense of duty . closeup — martins look off cl . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins you friend kurtz , seem to think it be possible . closeup — popescu look off cr . popescu I understand how a anglo - saxon feel . the Baron have not travel , you know . closeup — martins look off cl . he look away for a moment . martins he seem to have be around a bit . do you know a man call - er — harbin ? closeup — popescu look off cr for martin . popescu no . martins Joseph harbin . popescu Joseph harbin ? no ...no . closeup — popescu look off cl - he look off cr for Anna . popescu that 's a nice girl that , but she ought to go careful in Vienna . everybody ought to go careful ina city like this . Music start . dissolve to : close shot - popescu script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary seat in chair talk into phone . he replace the receiver . popescu you will meet we at the bridge . good . dissolve to : close shot — kurtz come out of a door of a house into the street . dissolve to : long shot — STREET Dr. winkel come out of a passage in a building cr wheeling a bicycle rl. camera pan slightly with he . dissolve to : close shot - popescu come out of door into street . dissolve to : long shot — suspension bridge Center of this in far b.g. be discover winkel , kurtz and popescu in a group . they start to move away off upstage . long shot — high angle down onto the bridge , the three man walk away upstage rl . dissolve to : long shot — martins outside Harry 's apartment building . he start to cross the road rl . close shot — man look off cl for martin . long shot — martins in the middle of the road . he turn away to walk upstage but be arrest by a call and react to it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary porter ( o.s. ) hullo ! mo . long shot — porter at the upstairs window from martin ' eye line . he be look down off L for martin . porter hey - be it so very important for you ? long shot — martins stand in the middle of the road look up off cr for the porter . martins yes , it be . porter ( o.s. ) I be not a bad man . mo . shot -— porter at the open window look down past cl . porter I would like to tell you something . long shot — martins stand in the desert street look up cr for the porter off . martins tell I , how do a car ... mo . shot — porter at window , look down off L for martin . porter come tonight . my wife go out ... long shot — martins in the street look up off R for the porter . martins all right , I will come back , but ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary mo . shot — porter at window - he hold he finger to he lip - then go back into the room . porter ssh ! tonight . close shot -— porter as he close the window and turn back into the room full face . he suddenly look fearfully off past cr and camera track into closeup —- he be transfix . Music crescendo . dissolve to : close shot — anna seat on the bed in she room . there be a knock at the door . anna wer ist da ? mo . close shot — martins enter through door from cr into Anna 's room . he look off cl for she . martins that mean come in ? close shot — anna seat on bed look ott cr for martin . she get up out of picture . anna oh , yes , yes . come in . mo . shot -— martins in cr f.g. , Anna pick up a bundle of clothes and cross in front of he lr camera panning with she . she put thing in a chest of drawer . martins the porter be go to talk to we tonight . anna need we go through it all again ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martin cl of she who have be stand behind a pile of box pick up a script on the top of they and look at it . martins might as well I suppose . be you busy ? anna just another part I have get to learn . camera pan rl with Anna as she move to cr of martin . martins can I hear you ? anna in german ? martins I can try . be it comedy , or tragedy ? anna Comedy . I do not play tragedy . he put down he coat . martins do I ... anna well you read this . she move upstage towards the window . martin move forward to lean in close shot on box look at the script . martins gestern bein heurigen ... anna what 's that ? martins " ein hurigan " - I guess . close shot — martins Anna enter from cl and stand beside he and we hold they both in close shot . martins h-e-z-t ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary anna oh , let I see . no , no that 's not the cue . it mean she have to sit down . she exit cl and camera pan lr slightly to center on martin . martins well , frau housman ... close shot — anna at end of bed stand in L profile . she sit down on the end of the bed camera centering her . anna no * no . it 's no good . mo . close shot — martins look off cl for Anna - script still in hand . martins bad day ? close shot — anna seat on bed R profile favor camera . she be look off cr for martin . anna it be always bad about this time . he use to look in around six ; I have be frighten at be alone without friend and money . but I have never know anything like this . please talk . mo . close shot — martins look off cl for Anna . anna ( 0.s. ) tell I about he . martins tell you what ? close shot — anna seat on bed , R profile favor camera . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary anna oh , anything - just talk . when do you see he last ? mo . close shot — martins lowering script - not look at she . anna when ... what do you do ? martins oh , we do not make much sense . drank too much . once he try ... close shot — anna seat on end of bed look off cr for martin . martins ...to steal my girl . anna where be she ? mo . close shot — martins throw down script . camera pan rl with he as he move upstage , revealing Anna seat on end of bed back to camera , and the window in b.g. martins oh , that be many year ago . anna tell I more . martins oh , it 's very difficult . you know Harry ... we do not do ... close shot — martins at the window stand full face - not look at Anna off . martins ... anything very amusing . he just make everything seem like such — er — fun . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot — anna seat on bed look off cl for martin . anna be he clever when he be a boy ? close shot — martins stand full face cr of the window . martins I suppose so - he could fix anything . close shot — anna look off cl for martin . anna what sort of thing ? close shot — martins light a match . martins oh , little thing . how to put you temperature up before a exam ... the best crib . how to avoid this and that . he light he cigarette . close shot — anna look up off cl for martin . anna he fix my papers for I . he hear that the Russians be repatriate people like I who come from Czechoslovakia . he know the right person straight away , for forging stamp . close shot — martins at the window . he look off R for Anna of the window . blow out match . then off leave out martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary yes . close shot — martins move closer to the window — look at window box . martins when he be fourteen , he teach I the three card trick . that 's grow up fast . closeup — anna look off cl for martin . anna he never grow up . the world grow up round he that 's all . mo . shot — martins stand by the window - cigarette in hand look off cr for Anna back to window . anna ... and bury he . martins Anna . closeup — anna look up off cr for martin . mo . shot -— martins look off cr for Anna . martins you will fall in love again . closeup — anna look off cl for martin - she get up camera panning up with she and turn away back to camera . anna can not you see I do not want to . I do not ever want to . mo . shot — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary at window look off R come on out closeup — anna look off for martin . why do you mo . shot — martins pick up coat . for Anna . martins and have a drink . anna say that ? Anna move to he side in the corner of the room and camera track in and hold they in close shot . martin put down she coat instead of help she on with it . martins seem like a good idea . anna it 's just what he use to say . martins well , I do not learn that from he . anna if we have to see the porter we would better go . martins what 's the hurry ? can not we talk quietly for a couple of minute ? anna I think you want ... martins a moment ago you say you do not want to see the porter . anna we be both in it , Harry . martins Holly . anna I be so sorry . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins it 's all right . he exit cr . CUT to : mo . close shot — martins enter from cl pick up coat and hat . martins you might get the name right . mo . close shot — anna at door look off cr for martin . anna do you know - you ought to find yourself a girl . she open the door and martin enter from cr . Music stop . dissolve to : long shot — anna and martins cl walk down side of wet dark street toward camera which be tracking back with they . they stop in f.g. in close shot . martins his English be very bad . we will let he talk german . you will just be good enough to tran ... Anna look off rl. anna look ! long shot — group of people cluster round the doorway of the entrance to Harry 's apartment . a ambulance be park outside its door open toward camera . martins ( 0.s. ) that 's Harry 's place , be not it ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary anna ( 0.s. ) yes . mo . close shot — anna and martins she back away and camera track in a little as he follow she . anna let 's go away . martins what 's the matter ? anna let 's not get into any more trouble . martins wait here . he move to exit cl . sound of airplane engine . long shot — martins enter from cr f.g. and move upstage toward group outside the apartment . mo . shot -— group of people gather outside the doorway . close shot — man outside cr side of door and martin in L profile cr of he . martins what 's the matter - er - what be loos ? man De porter ist um gebracht worden . close shot — hansel hold he father 's hand , from martin ' eye line down to he . martins ( 0.s. ) I do not understand . man the porter . close shot — man script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary past martin in R f.g. man Dead . close shot — another man past martin in R profile in L f.g. man kaput — he 's murder . the porter be - odraht - kaput - make a slitting movement with he hand across he throat . closeup — hansel look up off cl for he father . hansel papa...papa ... mo . close shot — martins cl and father of hansel , who look down cr for he off . father be willst de hansel ? closeup — hansel point off cr . hansel papa der war 's . close shot — martins and hansel's father look down off R for hansel . martin turn he head to look off cl toward the door . hansel 's Father point at martin still look off R. father be de herr da ? closeup — hansel hold ball , look up off cl for he father . hansel script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ja , papa . ich hab 's doch g'sehen ! closeup — man in the street look off cr for the boy . hansel ( 0o.s. ) papa der ist der murder . mo . close shot — martins look back over he shoulder for Anna . hansel 's father cr of he who look at he . long shot — anna stand close to the wall of the building cl of she on the pavement look off cl . hansel ( 0o.s. ) murder ! murder ! mo . close shot — martins look off cl with hansel 's father cr of he . the latter tap he on the shoulder . father sagen sie haben sie einen streit gehabt mit dem portier . he exit cl . martins I do not understand . close shot — hansel look up off cr . hansel hey , vo good due mir ? close three shot a woman and man either side of hansel 's father look off cl . close shot — hansel move among the leg of the spectator outside the house , make he way to camera . he stop in f.g. tug at the script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary sleeve of martin ' coat which be in R of picture and look up off R for he . hansel ta papa der war 's . closeup — martins look down off L for hansel . hansel ( 0o.s. ) Der war 's . close shot - hansel's father between the man and woman in the crowd . they be look off cr . hansel ( 0o.s . ) ja papa , der ist der murder . close shot — anna and martin at she cr side look off cl towards the boy off . anna what be it ? mo . shot — stretcher bearer bring the stretcher out of the house rl through the people gather round the door . martins ( 0.s. ) the porter have be murder . close shot — anna and martins he be look off cl reacting to the body be carry out . Anna be look off cr listen . father ( 0.s. ) warm er ist der mit ... close shot - hansel's father between the woman cl and the man cr . father dem portier die rauferei gehabt hat . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot — anna with martin cr of she . she be look off cr listen to hansel 's father . she lean back to whisper to martin . woman ( 0o.s. ) warscheinlich ist der murder . anna they think you do it . hansel ( 0o.s. ) morder ! mo . shot -— group of men among the spectator look off cr for martin . hansel ( 0o.s. ) morder ! close shot — anna with martin cr of she . close shot — hansel look up off cl for he father . he make a gesture of cut he throat with he hand . hansel so gemascht odraht . close shot -— anna and martins they start to turn away . Music start . hansel ( 0o.s. ) Der - der - der . closeup — the man martin first address in the crowd -— from low angle . close shot — anna in the lead , with martin make they way through the people Anna exit cr . martin follow she . mo . shot — hansel script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary from he height , make he way through the people . he run out of picture cr . hansel papa . long shot — anna with martin cl make they way at a run down stage - away from Harry 's apartment . hansel be see run after they b.g. cl. hansel papa der war 's . mo . shot — spectator with hansel 's father among they look off cr . father hullo . warten sie bissl . he move to exit cr . long shot — anna with martin walk upstage back to camera they turn and look back . mo . close shot — man move downstage lr. man sie moment mal . long shot — anna and martins move upstage along the pavement . hansel enter from cl run upstage after they . Anna and martin turn corner go out of picture cl . hansel stop and turn round to look back for he father . hansel papa ! mo . shot — hansel stand full face at the street corner look back for he father . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary hansel papa ! mo . shot — group of spectator with hansel 's father . father stock stehen hier . he exit cr . long shot — hansel turn away and run up the street again exite round corner cl after martin and Anna . long shot — martins and anna run down stone step with church in b.g. long shot — spectator run upstage back to camera toward corner after hansel , off . long shot — spectator come round corner at a run toward camera . long shot — stone step with church in b.g. hansel run down they lead the crowd of spectator . long shot — outside theatre martin cl and Anna walk along the street lr . she be stop by martin as she be about to pass the cinema . martins in here . mo . shot -— martins enter from cl to box office follow by Anna . anna that money be no good . Zwei bitte . she give he some money and he busy the ticket . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary long shot — hansel come round corner cr with spectator move downstage . mo . shot — anna at the box office . martin pull she out of picture cr to go into cinema . mo . shot — anna enter from cl to row of seat . martin also enter and sit in a seat just behind she . there be sound of distort sound track from german film be show . not clearly audible . close shot — anna in L profile favor camera . martin seat in the row behind she , lean forward over she R shoulder to whisper to she . martins sneak out the other way , and go back to you theatre . I would better not see you again . anna what be you go to do ? martins I wish I know . anna be sensible —- tell Major calloway . she get up and exit cr . martin look after she . dissolve to : close shot -— taxi driver in the lobby of sacher 's hotel . he be at the reception desk - the clerk tipping L edge of frame . driver sagen sie furmal hab dieser Mr. martin garnicht unter lassen wegen eine taxi . clerk script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary nein garnicht . long shot — parked taxi outside sacher 's Hotel in R of picture . martin walk downstage to it from hotel . close shot — martins come into picture from cl . wheel of taxi and flag read " frei " in £.g . he look for the driver . close shot -— taxi driver leave the reception desk : camera pan with he lr as he walk back to camera upstage to door to street . as he do so martin come into picture through the door pass the driver cl of he and look off L for the desk , exit to it . the taxi driver look after he . martins get I Major callaghan on the phone . clerk ( 0o.s . ) oh , Mr. martin ... mo . shot — martins move in to reception desk from cr stand in front of it face the receptionist , in R profile . clerk -.. excuse I . martins please hurry up - just get he on the telephone . clerk do you know he number ? martins no , I do not know ... close shot — taxi driver look off cl for martin . martins ( 0.s. ) ..- he number . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary clerk ( 0o.s. ) I will look it up for you . martins ( 0.s. ) well , look , be there a car here I can use ? mo . shot — martins in R profile face the receptionist across the desk . the latter point off cr . clerk of course - there 's one wait for you . close shot -— taxi driver beckone to martin off cl. driver bitte schoen mein herr . bitte schoen . he move upstage toward the door in b.g. close shot — martins leave the reception desk and walk away exite cr . martins never mind about the number . mo . shot -— martins enter from cl f.g. as taxi driver be go through the swing door past the porter in the doorway . martin follow he out . mo . close shot — taxi driver get into front seat of taxi in f.g. , with windscreen and wheel . martin cross b.g. lr to back of car . close shot — martins get into the back of the taxi and sit into position in L profile look off cl through bar partition to driver 's seat . martins take I to headquarters . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot -— driver start up taxi and it drive away rl. close shot — martins fall back with a jerk as taxi suddenly start . long shot — taxi drive away upstage - a couple of porter outside sacher 's . close shot — martins recover he balance lean forward cl to the driver 's window and bang on it . close shot — driver in L of picture martin see through the bar partition , in the back of the car behind he . martins hold on ! hold on ! I have not even tell you where to take I yet . driver bleiben sie doch ruhig . mo . long shot —- taxi drive through the desert street rl . it exit cl . close shot — martins in L profile bang on the bar partition . martins Driver ! Driver ! long shot — taxi drive downstage rl . peasant woman crossing street in f.g. lr . it exit cl at speed . close shot — driver in L of picture full face - martin see behind he cr . martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary hey ! stop ! he fall back into the back of the taxi . close shot — taxi from low angle drive through the street at a high speed . it narrowly miss a woman pedestrian in the quiet street and swerve on off out of picture cl . close shot -— driver full face in L of picture with martin behind he cr look through partition - lean forward from back seat - in order to do so . martins have you get order to kill I ? hey , stop . long shot — taxi racing through street . man in cr f.g. at bin - camera pan rl with taxi lose he . taxi turn R and exit cl . close shot — martins in back of taxi he look back over he L shoulder . close shot — man eat a crust of bread and look off cl after the taxi . long shot — taxi drive away down stage at a high speed to camera . camera pan rl as it swerve round corner turn to its R and then move upstage away from camera . close shot — martins in back of taxi look back over he L shoulder . close shot — man look over fanlight above door , gaze travel rl as he react to watch the taxi race by . long shot from high angle of taxi drive along desert street in the script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary center of the tram line - narrowly miss the only pedestrian . closeup — martins in L profile in the back of the taxi . he look back over he L shoulder . close shot -— two men in street look off cl after the taxi racing by . close shot — martins in back of taxi in L profile , he bang on the partition to the driver . long shot — taxi drive into large gateway lr . long shot — taxi come through archway and draw up in R f.g. mo . shot - driver get out of taxi . he open door in cr f.g. into a building . mo . close shot — martins open door of taxi and look out cr still sit in the taxi . close shot -— taxi driver in doorway look off cl for martin . he point into doorway , off . driver bitte schoen , gehen sie herein mein herr ... mo . shot -— martins get out of taxi lr and move forward into close shot in R profile - then swing round to push back the door of the taxi , which open bar he way out and move to run upstage , then react to hearing door open and a pool of light be throw on he . he back against the side of the taxi in R profile look off cr . long shot script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary past a man open the door to crabbin walk forward to door - behind he see a large hall , with man and woman seat on bench inside seat back to camera , but all turn round to look to camera toward the door . a table just inside the door have large notice propped against it which read in English and german : welcome to the british cultural CENTER . admission free . crabbin walk forward into close shot smile and look off L for martin . crabbin oh Mr. martin . what a relief to see you . I be beginning to think something have happen to you . come along ... close shot — martins look incredulously off past cr into the hall and at crabbin . crabbin ( 0o.s. ) Mr. martin , everything be ready for you ... mo . long shot — audience turn round from platform to face camera and look off for martin . they applaud . crabbin I be frantic in case ... close shot — martins look off cr for crabbin . crabbin ( 0o.s. ) you have not get my message at the hotel . the porter out here be so unreliable if you know what I mean . mo . close shot - crabbin martin enter from L f.g. to he and he lead he upstage to the hall . crabbin we be all set for a wonderful evening . mo . close shot — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close to camera in R profile be lead by the arm by crabbin at he L side lr toward the platform - audience see in b.g. camera pan lr with they . a member of the audience be reveal stand in the aisle clap as they pass . crabbin you will find the audience most appreciative . oh let I take you coat ... I have get it . they stop in the aisle and crabbin start to help he off with he coat . he take it with he hat and continue to lead the way to the platform camera panning with they - martin follow . crabbin come along now , Mr. M. follow I . long shot the platform the back of head of the front row of audience in f.g. crabbin 's girl friend be discover stand on the cl side of the platform . crabbin hurry into picture onto the platform from cr follow by martin . there be applause . crabbin here we be , lady and gentleman . all 's well that end well . would you look after that for I ? hand martin ' hat and coat to the girl who take they . crabbin would you like to sit there , Mr. martin ? ( martin sit ) that 's right . crabbin indicate a seat cr of he as he stand at speaker ' table in center of platform . martin sit . crabbin stand look off cl for the audience . crabbin lady and gentleman , I have much pleasure in introduce Mr. Holly martin , from the other side . mo . close shot -— crabbin script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary sit down and martin stand to speak . crabbin 's girl friend see in L of picture . martins well ... he look helplessly out cl . dissolve to : close shot — popescu stand talk into phone —- switchboard and girl operator cl of he . popescu bring the car ... and anyone else who would like to come . do not be too long , hmm . he replace receiver , take up hat and exit cl .. dissolve to : mo . close shot — martins stand on the platform with crabbin seat cl of he . he be look out off R for a member of the audience . martins well , yes . I suppose that be what I mean to say . crabbin of course , of course , of course . mo . shot — the audience man at back cr stand up and look off cr for martin on the platform . man do you believe , Mr. martin , in the stream of consciousness ? close shot — crabbin look up off cr for martin . closeup — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary look off cl for man at the back of the hall . martins stream of consciousness ... closeup — crabbin look up cr for martin . martins ( 0.s. ) well - well . long shot from the back of the hall . martin stand on the platform , crabbin seat cl of he - girl cl on platform . one or two member of the audience get up to leave . man what author have chiefly influence you ? mo . shot -— martins stand in R of picture with crabbin seat cl , of he - he girl friend wide cl ; martin be look off cl into the audience . martins grey . woman ( 0o.s. ) grey ? close shot — woman seat in audience look off R for martin . another woman cr of she get up and leave . woman what grey ? mo . close shot — martins with crabbin seat cl of he . he be look off cl . martins Zane grey . crabbin oh , that be Mr. martin ' little script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary joke , of course ... long shot — popescu come through door into hall , another man enter from cr f.g. , and exit through door in b.g. , popescu walk forward take off he hat . crabbin ( 0o.s . ) we all know perfectly well that Zane grey write what we call western — cowboy ... close shot — martins look off cl reacting to sighting popescu . crabbin ( 0o.s. ) ... and bandit . a man in the audience off call another question . man Mr. James ... mo . shot — popescu stop in f.g. lean on the rail of the stove in f.g. , at the back of the hall . look off cl for martin . some of the audience exite through door in b.g. man ( o.s. ) ... jdoyce , now ... where would you put he ? mo . close shot - crabbin with martin stand cr of he look off cl . martins oh , would you mind repeat that question ? closeup — man in audience look up off cr for martin - he be seat . man I say where would you put Mr. James Joyce ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary mo . close shot -— crabbin seat cl and martin stand cr of he look off cl for popescu — man ( o.s. ) in what category ? popescu can I ask ... he react to hearing he speak . close shot — popescu look off cr for martin on the platform . popescu .. be Mr. martin engage on a new book ? close shot — martins look off cl for popescu . martins yes , it be call the ... close shot — popescu from low angle look off cr for martin . martins ( 0.s. ) third man. popescu a novel , Mr. martin ? close shot — martins look off cl for popescu . martins it 's a murder story . I have just start it . close shot — popescu look off cr for martin . martins ( 0.s. ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ... base on fact . long shot of the rapidly empty hall . the three still on the platform with martin stand . crabbin why , it 's Mr. popescu . very great pleasure to see you here , Mr. popescu . as you know , lady and gentleman , Mr. popescu be a very great supporter of one of we medical ... close shot — popescu look off cr for martin . crabbin ( 0o.s. ) ... charity . popescu be you a slow writer ... mo . close shot — martins with crabbin cl of he - head between he hand . martin look off cl for popescu . popescu ( 0.s. ) Mr. martin ... martins not when I get interested . close shot — popescu lean on the stove rail look off cr for martin . popescu I see you be do something pretty dangerous ... close shot — martins look off cl for popescu . popescu ( 0.s. ) ... this time . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins yes . closeup — popescu look off cr for martin . popescu mixing fact and fiction . mo . close shot — martins stand cr of crabbin who have head in hand . the former be look off cr . martins should I make it all fact ? popescu ( 0.s. ) why no , Mr. martin . close shot — popescu look off cr . popescu I would say stick to fiction . straight fiction . close shot — martins look off cl for popescu . martins I be too far along with the book , Mr. popescu . closeup — popescu look off cr . popescu have not you ever scrapped a book ... close shot — martins look off cl for popescu . popescu ( 0o.s . ) - Mr. martin ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins never . closeup — popescu look off cr for martin . he turn away . popescu pity . long shot the hall which be now nearly empty , the last two or three member of the audience be get up to leave . the three man still on the platform , with martin stand cr . crabbin lady and gentleman , if there be no more question for Mr. martin , I think I can call the meeting officially close . long shot the lobby of the hall . two man in hat and raincoat come in to popescu . some member of the audience leave through door in b.g. Music start . mo . shot — martins hat and coat over he arm move downstage camera pan rl with he as he come into lobby . close shot — popescu with the two man cl of he . long shot — martins look off L react to see the two man with popescu — then suddenly turn to he R and dart to doorway in b.g . L through which can be see iron spiral staircase , he start up it at a run . close shot — popescu with the two man cl of he , they be look off cr and reacting to martin ' action . popescu gesture to the man to go after he . popescu script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary loos. mo . shot up to the bannister of the spiral staircase curving round and upwards . martin move rl across screen up they . long shot through bannister rail the two man move through the desert hall to doorway lead to spiral stair . long shot up the bannister of the spiral staircase , martin disappear on a landing at the top cl . long shot from top of stair down to the doorway lead from the hall to the spiral stair . the two man be hurry up the stair lr . mo . close shot through bannister rail in f.g. up to martin approach a door on landing cr . mo . shot — martins enter room camera track in to close shot . parrot be hear squawk ... martin turn he head and look off cr reacting to the parrot . int . the room — long shot the room be in darkness - from martin ' eye line . close shot — martins at door look off cr . long shot room from martin ' eye line . close shot — martins at door — he exit cr . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary long shot — martins enter from cl move across the room downstage to light hang down in f.g . he step forward into close shot and reach up and put it on , look off cr . long shot the light room from martin ' eye line . parrot discover seat on a perch cr of the window among some artist 's requisite . close shot — martins he put on hat and move to exit . mo . shot — martins enter from cl hat on , and put on coat . he move upstage toward window cl of parrot . close shot -— parrot on he perch peck at martin ' hand as he open window . mo . close shot — martins at window suck he peck finger - then start to climb out of the window . long shot derelict building street lamp in R of picture . martin jump down from a doorway high up - onto some rubble . mo . shot close door in the room - popescu 's two man enter through it then exit cr . long shot crumble wall over a heap of rubble . martin enter from cr scramble down it rl. long shot through tunnel in f.g. to heap of rubble - popescu 's two man scramble down the slope toward camera . long shot script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary through tunnel . martin make he way upstage at a run — over some rubble - back to camera . long shot through arch - martin enter from cl run upstage back to camera . long shot flight of step lead up toward church in b.g. martin run into picture from cl look back over he shoulder cl — - and start up the step . long shot one of the two man make he way across some rubble downstage toward camera at a run . train whistle be hear . long shot — martins at the top of the step outside the church look back - then run out cr . very long shot of the road lead to the church and step . the two man enter at a run from cl f.g. and start upstage toward step . mo . long shot to a mound of rubble with a abandon derelict car in f.g. -— building in b.g. martin run down from the top of the heap of rubble and dive down into the car . close shot — martins fall into position into derelict car lr look off R. long shot the two man run on to heap of rubble look off cl . closeup — martins in back of derelict car look off cr for the two man . long shot over the car in f.g. to the two man stand on the summit script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary of the heap of rubble . they exit cl . close shot — martins in back of car , move rl to get out of it . close shot — martins get out of back of derelict car rl. long shot - of the street martin enter from L f.g. run upstage back to camera . long shot —- cobbled STREET martin run downstage toward camera , look back over he shoulder as he do so . he slow down to a walk and exit cl . dissolve to : close shot — calloway seat on window sill camera pan lr with he as he get up and walk round desk revealing paine in L f.g. and lose he again as calloway pass he and revealing martin lean against the ledge of the stove in b.g. Music stop . calloway I tell you to go away , martin . this be not Santa Fe ... I be not a sheriff , and you be not a cowboy . you have be blunder around with the worst bunoh of racketeer in Vienna ... you precious Harry 's friend , and now you be want for murder . calloway be pass in front of martin lr as he walk round room and back toward desk again . camera panning with he . martins put in drunk and disorderly , too . calloway catch sight of martin hurt finger , and look back now stop cr of he . calloway I have . what 's the matter with you hand ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary camera pan rl as calloway cross baok in front of martin . martins a parrot bit I . calloway oh , stop behave like a fool , martin . martins I be only a little fool - I be a amateur at it - you 'rea professional . you have be shaking you cap and bell all over town . camera pan lr with calloway as he cross in front of martin again lose the latter out of picture L and he go to he desk - we hold he in close shot . calloway paine , get I the Harry lime file and Mr. martin a large whiskey . paine cross f.g. rl exite . close shot — martins seat cr of stove look off cr for calloway . martins I do not need you drink , calloway . close shot — calloway stand behind he desk look off L for martin . calloway you will . he sit in the chair behind the desk , camera panning down with he and he swivel round on he chair to face away from martin , pick up he stick from the desk in front of he . calloway I do not want another murder in this case , and you be bear to be murder . so you be go to hear the fact . mo . long shot — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary look off cr for calloway . he walk forward . martins you have not tell I a single one yet . closeup — calloway seat behind he desk look off L for martin . he reach across and tip up desk lampshade . calloway have you ever hear of penicillin ? close shot — martins seat on arm of chair look off cr for calloway . martins well ? calloway ( 0.s. ) in Vienna ... closeup — calloway seat at desk look off cl for martin . calloway ... there have not be enough penicillin to go round . so a nice trade start here ... stealing penicillin from the military hospital - dilute it to make it go further and sell it to patient ... closeup — martins look off cr for calloway . calloway ( 0.s. ) do you see what that mean ? martins be you too busy chase a few tube of penicillin to investigate a murder ? closeup — calloway script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary seat look off cl for martin . calloway this be murder . Men with gangrene leg ... woman in child birth ... and there be child , too . closeup — martins look off cr for calloway . calloway they use some of this dilute penicillin against meningitis . the lucky child die ... closeup — calloway look off cl for martin . calloway the unlucky one go off they head . you can see they now in the mental ward . closeup — martins look down thoughtfully . calloway ( 0.s. ) that be the racket Harry lime organize . martins calloway , you have not show I one shred of evidence . closeup — calloway look off cl for martin . calloway we be just come to that . paine , a magic lantern show . he get up and exit cr . close shot — lantern projector paine enter from cr and start to move the machine away cr . paine script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary very good , sir . calloway ( 0.s. ) you know , paine 's one of you devote reader . he 's promise ... close shot — calloway look off cr for martin - he unroll lantern screen with R hand . calloway »..to lend I one of you book ... which one be it , paine ? mo . close shot —- paine with the lantern slide projector - and martin seat cr of he in f.g. cigarette in hand . paine " the Lone Rider of " Santa Fe , " sir . close shot — calloway adjust screen back to camera . calloway that 's right — " the Lone Rider ... mo . close shot —- paine upstage cl with martin in R f.g. look off cl . paine be prepare the lantern slide . calloway ( 0.s. ) ...of Santa fe. " paine I would like to visit Texas one day , sir . martins come on , show I what you have get to show . close shot — calloway look off cr for paine screen cr or he . calloway all right , paine ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary mo . close shot — martins in R f£.g. look off cl - paine in b.g. prepare lantern projector put out light . paine yes , sir . Light go out . close shot — calloway in R profile the screen cr of he . a slide of a rhinoceros be project onto it . calloway paine , paine , paine ... close shot — paine at lantern projector . he be change the slide . paine I get they muddle . this be the new lot that 's just come in from Mr. crabbin . close shot — calloway the screen cr of he . a slide be project onto the screen , of two civilian talk to a british soldier . calloway point to the civilian in L f.g. with stick then look off cr for martin . calloway you see this man here - a fellow call harbin , medical orderly at the general hospital . he work for lime and help to steal the stuff from the laboratory ... we force he to give information to we which lead we as far as kurtz and lime ... but we do not arrest they , as we evidence be not complete and it might have spoiled we chance of get the other . close shot — martins in R f.g. with paine see behind he cl at the lantern script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary projector . calloway ( 0.s. ) next , paine . martins I would like a word with this orderly harbin . close shot — calloway cl of screen on which be project on cl side a set of finger print label : recorded finger print of harry lime on the cr side of the screen be a jar with finger print on it from which the enlarge finger print be take . calloway so would I . martins bring he in . calloway I can not . he disappear ... close shot — martins with paine see behind he cl at lantern projector . calloway »..a week ago . martins it 's more like a mortuary than police headquarters . close shot — calloway screen cr of he . Harry lime 's finger print still project on it . he point to the jar . calloway we have better witness . look here . dissolve to : closeup or a man 's L eye . Music start . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary dissolve to : closeup — leather corner desk blotting pad with three blot of ink write ringed and arrow . a hand with small mirror come in from R f.g. , hold it against the write . dissolve to : closeup — calloway hold two test tube up to the light and compare they . dissolve to : closeup — file on desk , hearing word : " harbin' fingerprint on medicine cabinet , " hand in f.g. hold magnify glass over print . dissolve to : big closeup — martins look down in front of he - bewilder . dissolve to : long shot — from high angle — calloway' office calloway , seat at he desk , martin face he , with another office cl . the desk be litter with papers , etc . mo . shot — martins past calloway in R f.g. martins how could he have do it ? close shot — calloway look off cl for martin . calloway seventy pound a tube . go back to the hotel . and do keep out of trouble . I will try and fix thing with the austrian police ... you will be all right in the hotel , but I script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary can not .... close shot — martins look off past cr for calloway . camera pan up as he get to he foot . calloway ( 0.s. ) ... be responsible for you in the street . martins I be not ask you to . close shot — calloway look off cl for martin . calloway I be sorry , martin . close shot — martins at the door , coat over he arm , look off cr . camera pan rl as he move to door , revealing paine who be open the door . he hand he he hat . martins I be sorry , too . still get that aeroplane ticket on you ? close shot — calloway seat behind he desk . pick up phone , look off cl for martin calloway we will send one across to you hotel ... close shot — paine — cl and martins at the open door , look off cr . calloway ( 0.s. ) .. in the morning . martins thank you . Excuse I . martin be about to leave when the Russian officer appear from the office across the hall and cross to enter the script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary room . he come through the goor between paine and martin the latter go out of door , and the Russian exit cr to calloway . calloway ( 0.s. ) get I ... mo . close shot — russian move downstage to calloway 's desk - past the latter in R f.g. , telephone in hand . the Russian stand at the cr end of the desk , look down at calloway . calloway ... austrian Police headquarters . russian can I have that woman 's passport ? close shot — russian officer smoking a cigarette and look down off R for calloway . russian you know , the Anna Schmidt one . close shot — calloway seat at desk , hold phone . calloway oh , we be not go to pick she up for that , be we ? close shot — russian officer look down off R , for calloway . russian what can we do ? close shot — calloway seat at desk , look up off L. he open drawer at he side and take out passport . russian ( 0.s. ) we have we instruction . thank you . closeup — insert of passport as calloway throw it onto desk . it bear Anna Schmidt 's script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary name . the Russian 's hand come in from cl and pick it up . dissolve to : long shot — dance floor inside club . a waiter be move downstage with a drink ona tray . the floor and table be desert , but for one spectator in b.g . the waiter exit cr . close shot — martins seat at a table , a empty glass and some money in front of he . waiter enter from cl and put drink on the table in front of he . martin pay he . mo . shot — row of girl seat at the bar , back to camera , but all turn round to look off cr for martin . close shot — martins at table with drink . he look up off cr , then cl . close shot — woman flower seller hold two bunch of chrysanthemums , lean against a pillar . she be look off cr for martin . close shot — martins seat at table , sip drink . he be look off cl . he put glass down , beckon to flower seller off L , get up and exit cl , as we CUT to : mo . close shot — flower seller offer martin cr of she , a bunch of flower . he take they both , give she some money . he move away , upstage , toward door and she move to exit cr . dissolve to : closeup — anna lie in bed in darken room R , profile favor camera . there be a knock on door . she get up and exit cr . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary anna wer ist da ? martins ( 0.s. ) me. long shot — anna enter from the bedroom cl , and take she dress gown from end of it , move upstage lr toward light switch . she put this on . there be a knock on the door . she put on she dress gown , cross lr to door , camera panning with she . close shot — anna at door . she open cr side . martin be reveal in the open doorway , he arm full of flower . martins hullo . closeup — anna at door , look off cl for martin . anna what be it ? what 's happen to you ? closeup — martins over the top of Anna 's head in R f.g. martins I just come to see you . closeup — anna look off cl for martin . anna come in . mo . close shot — martins in door , past Anna in R f.g . he come in and exit cl . anna I think you be go to go away . be not the police after you ? martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary I do not know . as she close door , call after he . anna you be drunk , be not you ? mo . shot — martins put down he hat , and look back off R for Anna . he walk forward , camera panning rl slightly . martins a bit . sorry ... but I do want to say good - bye before I push off . close shot — anna look off cl for martin . martins ( 0.s. ) I be go back home . anna why ? closeup — martins look off cr for Anna . he walk forward to the end of the bed rl , camera panning with he , and hold the flower , he lean over the end of the bed in L profile , look down off L for kitten . martins it 's what you have always want ... all of you . Kitty , kitty , kitty , kitty . close shot — martins lean over bed rail and dangle a piece of string from the bunch of flower , to a small kitten sit on the end of the bed below , to tempt it to play . martins Kitty , kitty . closeup — anna look off L for martin . martins ( 0.s. ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary do not you want to play , kitty . close shot —- kitten seat on end of bed - the piece of string dangle into picture . he yawn . closeup — martins hold flower , look down , off L , for kitten , dangle string . martins sleepy , kitty ? close shot —- kitten get up and jump off bed lr . martins ( 0.s. ) not very ... long shot — kitten enter from cl , jump onto window sill and out through window . martins sociable , be he ? close shot — anna take a few step rl to cl of martin . camera pan with she . anna no . he only like Harry . what make you decide so suddenly ? martins I bring you this . they get a little wet. ( give she flower ) anna what happen to you hand ? martins a parrot ... let it go . anna have you see calloway ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins can you imagine a parrot nip a man ? anna have you ? he walk away upstage , toward window in b.g. martins oh , I have be say good - bye all over . closeup — anna hold flower and look off cr for martin . martins ( 0.s. ) .».. you know . anna he tell you , do not he ? mo . shot — martins from Anna 's eye line , lean against window and look cl for she . martins told I ? closeup — anna look off cr for martin . anna about Harry . mo . shot -— martins at the window , look off cl for Anna . martins you know ? closeup — anna look off cr for martin . she turn away . anna I have see Major calloway today . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary closeup — martins look off cl for Anna . he move forward and exit cl . track in to cs at the window box . dissolve to : long shot — high angle from Anna 's window . Harry lime be see in the street , far below . he dodge into a doorway . long shot — low angle —- cobbled STREET kitten come into picture , round corner from cr , move downstage . close shot foot of Harry lime as he stand in doorway . mo . close shot —- kitten make he way round the corner . he exit past cr . long shot -— kitten walk along the cr side of the pavement , close to the wall . you hear the kitten 's " miaow . " the doorway tip the R edge of frame in f.g. kitten walk up step , exite cr . close shot — harry lime' feet kitten jump up between they and look up at he . close shot —- kitten play with Harry 's R shoelace . mo . close shot — anna seat on edge of bed , full face , martin on far side of room , walk about . anna he 's better dead . I know he be mix up — but not like that . martins ( lean on back of a chair ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary I know he for twenty year - at least I think I know he . I suppose he be laugh at fool like we all the time . anna he like to laugh . martins ( cross lr to window ) seventy pound a tube . he want I to write for he great medical charity . anna I will put this flower in water . she pick they up and exit cl . camera track in , panning lr to center , martin in mo . close shot . martins perhaps I could have raise the price to eighty pound for he . long shot — anna put flower on table in kitchen alcove , look off R for martin . anna ( move to get water jug from stand behind she ) oh , please , for heaven 's sake . stop make he in you image . Harry be real . he be not just you friend ... long shot — martins stand look off cl for Anna . anna ... and my lover . he be Harry . martins well , do not preach wisdom to I . you talk about he as if he have occasional bad manners . close shot — anna pour water into vase . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins ( 0.s. ) I do not know - I be just a hack ... close shot — martins lean against trunk and play idly with piece of string . martins .- writer who drink too much —- and fall in love with girl . you ... close shot — anna jug in hand , look off R for martin . anna me? close shot — martins look off cl for Anna . martins do not be such a fool - of course . close shot — anna put flower in vase , look off cr for martin . anna if you would rung I up and ask I if you be fair or dark - or have a moustache . I would not have know . close shot — martins camera panning rl with he as he cross to window again . martins I be leave Vienna . I do not care whether Harry be murder by kurtz or popescu , or a third man . he switch the light on and off cr of the window . martins whoever kill he , there be some sort of justice . maybe I would have kill he myself . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he move away from the window again , camera panning rl with he . he stop in L profile in front of dress table . long shot — anna walk downstage , hold vase of flower - look off cr for martin . anna a person do not change because you find out more . mo . long shot — martins stand at dress table , hold small animal mascot he have pick up from it . martins look , I have get a split headache and you just stand there and just talk , and talk , and talk ... close shot — anna hold flower . she put they down in f.g. , laugh . she move away cl , still laugh . martins ( 0.s. ) I hate it ... mo . long shot — martins look off cl for Anna . he walk forward a few step , still hold on to the back of the upright chair , camera panning lr with he . martins first time I ever see you laugh . do it ... close shot — anna look down - then move forward and sit down in closeup in £f.g. on the bed , camera panning with she . she lean on the bed rail . martins ( 0.s. ) -..again . anna there be not enough for two laugh . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot — martins look off cr for she . he exit cr . close shot — anna seat at end of bed . martin move downstage to she and lean over bed rail , close to she cr . camera track in to hold they in close two shot . martins I make comic face , and stand on my head and grin at you between my leg , and tell all sort of joke ... I would not stand a chance , would i? closeup — anna tear in she eye . close shot — martins look down off cl for Anna . closeup — anna cry . closeup — anna and martins lean over bed rail cr of she . she lower she head in tear . martins all right ... you do tell I I have to find myself a girl . dissolve to : long shot —- lighted STREET man walk along it , upstage . long shot — doorway with kitten seat on step , wash its paw . long shot — martins enter from R f.g. , move upstage , back to camera . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary long shot — doorway kitten sit on step —- from martin ' eye line . long shot — martins crossing street to corner of building cr , camera panning with he . martins what kind of a spy do you think you be ? long shot -— kitten on doorstep . Music stop . martins ( 0.s. ) ... satchel foot close shot — martins at street corner , call off cr to doorway . martins what be you tailing I for ? lona shot — doorway with kitten on step from martin ' eye line . martins ( 0.s. ) cat get you tongue ? mo . close shot — martins walk down stage rl , look off R. martins come on out ! long shot — STREET outside the doorway . martin cl , call across the street toward it . martins come out - come out wherever you be ! close shot — kitten script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary in doorway , play between lime 's foot . sound of a motor car . martins ( 0.s. ) step out in the light , let 's have a look at you . long shot — window from street below . Light go on . a woman call off from inside the room . woman be ist de da los ? Music start . close shot — harry lime in the doorway , look up , full face cl . the light from the window fall onto he face . woman ( 0o.s. ) be bildan sie sich ein ... close shot — martins look off cr , start forward , reacting to glimpsing Harry lime . woman ... sind sie teppert . so. close shot — lime look off L. woman wie kommen sie ... close shot — martins look off cr for Harry - transfix . woman ... ehine krowall zu machen ! long shot — woman at the open window , look down off cr for the disturber . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot — harry lime camera track in to closeup . he be look off cl , smile . closeup — martins look off R for Harry . martins Harry ! close shot — lime look off cl . woman wie kommen sie einen krowell zu machen . long shot — woman move back from window . closeup — lime in doorway . Light from window go out and he face be in darkness again . close shot — martins exit past cr . long shot — martins enter from cl f.g. , crossing street in doorway lr . car enter from cl f.g. , move upstage and narrowly miss martin who dodge back out of its way . it exit b.g. L. long shot — car drive downstage and exite cr , f.g. martin cross street lr to doorway of building - camera tilted . ( footstep ) close shot — martins enter to doorway from cl . it be brick up . ( sound of car drive away ) . he feel it with both hand . there be no one there . he step down to camera . long shot — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary step down on to pavement from doorway . he look round , then back over he shoulder . he react to hearing the footstep behind he , and turn and run upstage to corner of street in b.g . long shot — STREET with a man 's shadow run along cl wall lr . martins Harry ! close shot — martins camera tilted - run to camera along street , ( sound of footstep ) he exit cr . long shot — dark STREET shadow disappear at far cl end of street . martin enter from L f.g. , run upstage , back to camera . long shot reverse of the archway at the end of the street , along which the shadow be see . martin come through it , run downstage to camera . long shot — deserted square kiosk near f.g. martin enter from cl - he look round and start to run upstage toward the kiosk . mo . shot — martins enter from cl , run round kiosk , the side of which be in L of picture . he look around . long shot — kiosk martin corn round cl side of it . he push he hat to the back of he head and walk to camera which track back with he . he stop in f.g. at a fountain - he take a handful of water from it and splashes it on he face . he look round suddenly . Music stop . dissolve to : long shot — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary lead calloway and paine through the arch at the end of the street lead to the square . they stop in f.g. , then martin walk away upstage again , follow by calloway - leave paine lean on the fountain in L f.g . martins I follow he shadow until suddenly ... calloway well ?... martins this be where he vanish . calloway I see . martins I suppose you do not believe I . calloway no. martins look ... I tell you , you do not think I be blind , do you ? calloway yes . where be you when you see he first ? martins fifty yard right down there . calloway which side of the road ? martins I be on that side , the shadow be on that side , and no turning on either side . calloway how about the doorway ? martins I tell you I hear he run ahead of I . calloway script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary yes , yes , yes , and then he vanish out there , I suppose with a puff of smoke and like a clap of ... martin start to walk away upstage again . calloway look intently off R , a sudden think strike he . Music start . long shot — kiosk from calloway 's eye line . mo . close shot — calloway with paine and martin behind he cl . he step forward and exit cr . paine follow . long shot — the square the kiosk in f.g. calloway walk up to it , paine follow he . martin enter from L f.g. after they . close shot — calloway cr of the kiosk in L profile . paine enter from cl as calloway open door . paine look in past calloway . long shot down a spiral stone staircase inside the kiosk , from paine 's eye line at the top . Music stop . close shot — paine with calloway cr of he , beside the kiosk . calloway it be not the german gin . calloway exit down the stair , out of picture cl . paine and martin follow . mo . close shot — calloway come down the spiral staircase , follow by paine and martin -— he exit cl down the stair , follow by paine . mo . close shot — calloway walk along tunnel of the sewer toward camera , follow by paine and martin . he walk into closeup . camera pan rl with he as he turn corner in tunnel , move upstage back script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary to camera , follow by paine , who re-enter from cr . martin be lose out of picture on pan . long shot overflow gush , down over wall in R of picture to balcony above this . calloway stand on the balcony , look down to sewer canal below . paine enter from cr and stand at he side . long shot overflow gush , down over sewer wall to canal below , from calloway 's eye line . mo . shot — calloway follow by paine and martin , make they way along narrow alley - way over water in sluice . camera pan lr as calloway turn R , lose paine and martin . paine re-enter from cl , then we lose he again as camera pan on , revealing the main tunnel of the sewer , water run through it . mo . close shot — martins look off cr . he exit cr . mo . shot — calloway martin and paine enter to he from cl . camera track back as calloway step forward to cs , leave martin and paine stand behind he . martins what 's this - where be we ? close shot — martins and paine cr of he . paine it 's the main sewer ... run right into the Blue danube . smell sweet , do not it ? paine cross in front of martin rl , exite . close shot — calloway in L f£.g . he be look down thoughtfully off cr . paine move downstage to cr of he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary calloway we should have dig deeper than a grave . sound of rush water in sewer step . Music start . dissolve to : long shot — cemetery martin and calloway in L f.g. paine cr f.g. at the grave in b.g. L some man be group round —- they be about to exhume Harry lime 's body . mo . shot — grave digger group round the grave - some be stand inside it and throw they shovel to the top . mo . shot -— martins seat in profile in L f.g. heating a glass over a burn torch . calloway see behind he , upstage , look toward the grave . mo . shot — grave digger pull up the coffin . Cemetery official walk downstage hold a light flare . official so jetz ... close shot — martins seat , hold flaring torch in L f.g. on edge of grave . official ( 0.s. ) ... bringen wir de sarg heraus . martin get to he foot to exit . mo . shot of the grave —- coffin be pull up . calloway enter to the grave . calloway auf machen . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot — grave digger camera panning down as he kneel in L of picture and look down into the grave . mo . long shot — calloway with paine cr of he , look down into grave in f.g. grave digger official cl f.g. , raise the lid of the coffin . they look in - calloway and paine move away cr . closeup — martins in L profile , look off L. he move away . Music stop . official ( 0.s. ) you know he ... mo . shot — calloway walk upstage , paine cr of he - graveyard official , in L f.g. official »..- Major ? close shot — calloway past official in L f.g. he walk lr into closeup , camera panning with he , lose official . paine be see behind he cl . calloway hmm , yes , yes . Joseph harbin ... medical orderly at the General Hospital . he use to work for Harry lime . he turn away . close shot — martins look off cl for calloway . martins Joseph harbin ? closeup — calloway past official in L f.g. - he look off cr at martin . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary calloway yes , he 's the man I tell you be miss . next time , we will have a foolproof coffin . Music start . dissolve to : close shot -— anna's OPEN passport on a desk . Hand pick it up to look at it from f.g. long shot — four member of the INTERNATIONAL patrol outside close door of the office . brodsky , the Russian officer , enter through they , carry Anna 's passport , and call to the Russian representative , who leave the other and go to he . brodsky smirnoff ! peshalnite suda - vosmite etot pasport I proisvedite arast . soldier slushayus toverich commandir . he start to walk away , back to the other . dissolve to : close shot INTERNATIONAL patrol in open jeep , travel toward camera . dissolve to : long shot over iron bannister rail in Anna 's house . the member of the International patrol , make its way up the stair lr . Anna 's landlady come into picture from cl , follow they up , and call after they . landlady sie kommen doch nicht alleine da harauf gahen warten wie doch bis ich nachkorn ich cann ja nicht so rennen .. mo . shot — landlady script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary eiderdow wrap round she , look up off cl at the patrol from the corner of the staircase . landlady schlicselich ist das aach eine austan dige naus and keine kasorpe . closeup — anna in R profile , lie awake on she pillow . footstep be hear . police ( 0o.s. ) aufmachen ! anna we ist da ? police ( 0o.s. ) International politzel ... Anna get up and exit cr . long shot — anna walk across the room toward the door lr . she pick up she dress - gown from end of bed and start to put it on , camera panning lr with she . close shot — anna open inner and outer door , leadl to she room . Russian soldier with other member of the patrol behind he , be reveal outside . he step forward to cs past Anna in L f.g . russian fraulein Schmidt ? anna ja , be wollen sie ? russian sie mussen mit un kommen . close shot — anna past Russian in R f.g . he be hold she passport . anna warum ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot -— russian past Anna in L f.g. , hold up she passport . russian ist das ihre pass ? close shot — anna past Russian in R f.g. , hold up she passport for she to see . anna ja. close shot -— russian past Anna in L f.g . he be hold up she passport . russian bitte - siechen sie sick a ... close shot — anna past Russian in R f.g . she turn away . long shot — anna in center of room . she pick up she clothes from back of chair . mo . shot -— russian just inside the room , hold Anna 's passport , other member of the patrol behind he . he walk forward , look off cr for Anna . long shot — anna at chair , clothes in she arm , bend to pick up shoe from the floor . sound of door open . she walk upstage , toward darken alcove in b.g. landlady ( 0.s . ) be ist donn nun wieder les . wird das so weiter gehen ? kommen sie jetz jeden tag zu un ? be machen , denn die dadringen . close shot -— landlady and british soldier of the patrol , lean against pillar cr of she . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary landlady kommen sie nicht rader ja nichten nichten nichten . das kennen jeder . the solider ignore she , move away from the pillar and go to door . she turn to call after he upstage . landlady rade sollen sie kommen sie nicht deutch ? die sprechen hatten sie schon langst lernen kommen . large genug sind sie jat hier , jetz goot er . be glotzen sie mich a ? habon sie nach nie einen turkey geschen ? long shot — anna put on she jacket , walk downstage past Russian soldier in L f£.g . she exit cr and he turn to look after she . long shot past Russian soldier who have turn round in L f.g. Anna move to switch on light cr of american member of the patrol stand in the window . Russian soldier cross f.g. lr and Anna pick up she coat in b.g. and be help on with it by american . anna where be you take I ? american International Police headquarters , just to check up . closeup — landlady in doorway , look off cl for Anna . landlady haben sie denn garne in shame ... close shot — anna look off cr for landlady . anna aber regen sie sich nicht auf . landlady script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary un glaublich ! russian ist gut - ist gut . close shot — russian enter from cl and turn to look back off cl for Anna . russian bernigen sie sich sind sie fertig fraulein ? close shot - british soldier look off cl for Anna , who enter from cl . british soldier I be sorry , miss , it 's order . we can not go against the protocol . anna I do not even know what the protocol mean . british soldier neither do I , miss . mo . shot — anna with Russian cr of she , and other member of the patrol follow , come out of she door , into the corridor . landlady in cr f.g. french soldier come up behind Anna cl and hand Anna she lipstick — french soldier Mademoiselle , you lipstick . she turn to take it . dissolve to : long shot — martins pace about on the large main staircase of the International Police headquarters . long shot — anna escort by the International patrol , enter the main hall script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary of the Police headquarters . closeup — martins look off R , reacting to hearing Anna approach . he move to exit —- mo . shot — anna come up the stair with a mp either side of she . martins Anna , what 's happen to you ? long — high angle shot — anna with escort , come up the stair rl toward martin , on first landing . he run up after they . m.p . all right , all right , keep out of this . martins listen , I have get to talk to you . I have just see a dead man walk . mo . shot — anna with she escort , include the Russian soldier , come into picture , upstairs lr in R profile . martin run after they . m.p . all right chum , get back . martins I see he bury ! the m.p. 's push he away . m.p. cut it out ... close shot — anna and she escort crossing screen lr up the stair . martins ( 0.s. ) and now I have see he alive . close shot — calloway script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary come out of door , hold some document . he walk forward , and stop look off . long shot from high angle down to first floor of headquarters . Anna and she escort come up to top of stair lr - calloway stand outside door of he office cr of picture . calloway just a minute . bring she in here . you stay out here . he go through the door , and Anna and the patrol follow . close shot — calloway go into the door of he office , follow by Anna , a member of the patrol just behind . calloway come in , miss Schmidt . he close door , leave the patrol outside , see through the glass window to the corridor beyond . he close door and cross in front of she rl , camera panning with he , Anna follow , and we shoot past he in L f.g. to Anna . calloway now then , miss Schmidt , I be not interested in you forge papers - that 's purely a Russian case . when do you last see lime ? anna two week ago . he step to she . calloway I want the truth , miss Schmidt . we know he be alive . anna it 's true then ? he cross in front of she lr , camera panning with he - he stop in R f.g. calloway script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Joseph harbin 's body be find in the coffin . anna what do you say ? I be sorry ... he cross in front of she again rl , camera panning - and stand in L f.g. calloway I say another man be bury in he place . anna where 's Harry ? calloway that 's what we want to find out . anna I be sorry - I do not seem able to understand anything you say . he 's alive now this minute - he 's do something . calloway miss Schmidt , we know he be somewhere across the canal in the Russian sector ... you may as well help we . in a few minute Colonel brodsky will be question you about you papers . tell I where lime be . anna I do not know . calloway if you help I , I be prepare to help you . anna martin always say you be a fool ... he cross in front of she lr , camera panning to door and open it . calloway Vienna be a close city , miss Schmidt , he can not get away . anna script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary poor Harry , I wish he be dead , he would be safe from all of you then . she go through door . dissolve to : long shot — martins walk down cobble street , toward kurtz ' house in L f.g. rubble in b.g. long shot from ground level , kurtz look down over the balcony to doorway below . kurtz why that 's you ! long shot — martins stand in front of the house , look up off L in L profile for kurtz . kurtz ( 0o.s. ) come up ! long shot — kurtz on the balcony . he call off into the room behind he . kurtz winkel , look who 's here ! mo . shot — martins in the street , look up off L for kurtz on the balcony . tram crossing in b.g. martins I want to speak to you , kurtz . kurtz ( 0o.s . ) of course ... come up . martins I will wait here . long shot — kurtz with winkel now cr of he , look down off cr for martin . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary kurtz I do not understand . mo . shot — martins in street , look up off cl for kurtz and winkel . martins I want to talk to Harry . close shot — kurtz and winkel on the balcony , look down off R for martin . kurtz be you mad ? martins ( 0.s. ) all right - I be mad . I have see a ghost ... mo . shot -— martins look up , off cl for kurtz . martins you tell Harry I want to see he . close shot — kurtz and winkel look down off cr for martin . kurtz be reasonable - come up and talk . mo . shot — martins with the big wheel in b.g . he move away upstage , point to the wheel and call back . martins no thank you - I like the open . tell he I will wait by that wheel there ... or do ghost only ride by night , Dr. winkel ? get a opinion on that ? close shot — kurtz and winkel on the balcony , look down off R for martin . they turn script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary away . Music start . dissolve to : long shot — martins seat on parapet of " chairoplane " at desert fair ground , the big wheel behind he . he get up and start to walk round the " chairoplane " stand . long shot — merry -—go-round it be still and nobody near it . long shot — martins stand cr of the " chairoplane " stand , the big wheel behind he in b.g . he walk forward into mo . close shot , look off cl . long shot — merry -—go-round and desert fair ground , with Harry lime see in far b.g. walk downstage - from martin ' eye line . mo . close shot — martins look off cl . mo . long shot — harry move downstage , look off cr , smile for martin - he exit cr . Music stop . mo . shot — harry walk downstage to martin in R f.g . he walk round he and stop in L profile R f.g. , face martin . harry hello , old man . how be you ? Fair attendant pass in b.g. martins hello , Harry . harry well , well , they seem to have be give you quite some busy time . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins listen ... harry yes . martins I want to talk to you . harry talk to I ?... of course ... come on ... long shot — shoot up through the structure of the big wheel from ground level - camera pan up slightly . mo . shot — harry take off he coat , enter from cr , follow by martin . the girl attendant of the wheel enter b.g. cl. harry kid use to ride this thing a lot in the old day . they have not get the money nowadays , poor little devil . Harry get the ticket from she . girl Zwei steck . harry geht in ordung . they enter the carriage of the wheel . girl vielen danke . mo . shot — martins enter carriage rl , follow by Harry . girl attendant close the door and start the wheel in motion . martins listen , Harry - I do not believe that ... harry script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary it 's good to see you , Holly . closeup — martins in R profile , look off L for Harry . martins I be at you funeral . close shot — harry look off L for martin - the wheel be turn - ground see through window in b.g. harry it be pretty smart , be not it ? oh , the same old indigestion . ( take a tablet ) Holly ... this be the only thing that help - this tablet . this be the last . can not get they anywhere in Europe any more . closeup — martins in R profile , look off cl for Harry . martins do you know what 's happen to you girl ? close shot — harry in L profile - window in b.g. - and Vienna far below . he look off R for martin . harry hmm . martins she 's be arrest . harry tough ...tough ... do not worry , old man , they will not hurt she . closeup — martins look off cr for Harry . martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary they be hand she over to the Russians . close shot — harry look off cl for martin - ground see through window in b.g. harry what can I do , old man , I be dead , be not I ? martins you can help she . harry Holly ... he exit past cl . close shot — martins Harry enter from cr to he and stand in L profile , look out of the window , then at he , as he stop in front of he . harry .».. exactly who do you tell about I ? hmm ? martins I tell the police . closeup — harry past martin in L f.g. he be in L profile , look out of the window . harry unwise , Holly ... martins and - Anna ... harry do the police believe you ? martins you do not care anything at all about Anna , do you ? he laugh . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary harry well , I have get quite a lot on my mind . martins you would not do anything . Harry look at martin . harry what do you want I to do ? martins ( overlap ) you can get somebody else ... harry do you expect I to give myself up ? martins why not ? harry it 's far better thing that I do ... Holly , you and I be not heroes , the world do not make any heroes ... martins you have get plenty of contact . harry outside of you storey ... I have get to be careful . he turn away to exit cr . mo . shot -— harry enter from cl and stand , in R profile , near the window . harry I be only safe in the Russian Zone ... I be safe as long as they can use I ... martins ( 0.s. ) as long as they can use you ? harry I wish I could get rid of this thing . close shot — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary look off cr for Harry . martins oh , so that 's how they find out about Anna ... close shot — martins enter from cl to Harry , stand by the window of the carriage . camera pan lr slightly as he walk to and for in front of Harry . martins you tell they , do not you ? harry do not try to be a policeman , old man . martins what do you expect I to be - part of you ... he cross lr . harry part ? you can have any part you want , so long as you do not interfere ... I have never cut you out of anything yet . martins I remember when they raid the gambling joint - you know a safe way out ... harry sure ... closeup — martins in L profile . sound of wheel over scene . martins yes , safe for you ... not safe for I . close shot — harry martin ' head tipping L edge of frame — harry Old man - you never should have script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary go to the police . you know you ought to leave this thing alone . martin turn he head so that we shoot past he R profile in L f.g. martins have you ever see any of you victim ? harry do you know , I do not ever feel comfortable on this sort of thing ... victim ? he open the door of the carriage . harry do not be melodramatic . mo . shot — martins in L f.g. , Harry open door in b.g. harry look down there ... long shot from martin ' eye line of the fair ground far below and the people now on it . harry ( 0.s. ) would you feel any pity if one of that dot stop move forever ? close shot — harry look off cl for martin . harry if I offer you , 20,000 for every dot that stop - would you really , old man , tell I to keep my money ? or would you calculate how many dot you could afford to spare ?... free of income tax , old man ... close shot — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary look off cr for Harry . harry ... free of income tax . close shot — harry look off cl for martin . sound of wheel over scene . harry it 's the only way to save money nowadays . close shot — martins look off cr for Harry . he move forward . martins lot of good you money will do you in jail . exit cr . mo . long shot — harry stand cr of the open window . martin enter from cl . harry that jail be in another zone ... close shot — harry over martin ' R shoulder . harry there 's no proof against I , beside you . close shot — martins look down cr , Harry tipping R edge of frame . close shot — harry over martin ' R shoulder . close shot — martins over Harry 's L shoulder . martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary I should be pretty easy to get rid of . close shot — harry over martin ' R shoulder . harry pretty easy ... close shot — martins over Harry 's L shoulder . martins I would not be too sure . close shot — harry over martin ' R shoulder . harry I carry a gun ... I do not think they would look for a bullet wound after you would hit that ground ... close shot — martins over Harry 's L shoulder . sound of wheel over . martins they have dig up you coffin . close shot — harry over martin ' R shoulder . harry and find harbin ? hmm , pity . mo . shot — martins cl — Harry turn back in R f.g. to look at he . harry oh , Holly , what fool we be , talk to each other this way ... as though I would do anything to you - or you to I . Harry move upstage to martin , camera track in with he - and martin exit cl . Harry close the door of the carriage . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary harry you be just a little mix up about thing . close shot — martins sit down into position at the side of the carriage , look thoughtfully off R. harry ( 0.s. ) .. in general . nobody think in term ... close shot — harry walk downstage rl , camera track back with he - and he stop in closeup , look off L for martin . harry ... of human being . government do not , so why should we ? they talk about the people , and the proletariat ... I talk about the sucker and the mug ... ( walk away upstage to m.c.s. at window ) it 's the same thing . they have they five - year plan , and so have I . close shot — martins seat , look off R - the window behind he . martins you use to believe in God . close shot — harry at window , look back over he shoulder off L for martin . harry I still do believe in God , old man ... I believe in God and mercy and all that ... the dead be happier dead . they do not miss much here ... camera pan rl with he as he move slightly still , look off L , and start to idly write on the window at he side — out of picture . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot — the window wheel turn over scene . Harry 's hand in picture from cr - he have draw on the steam - up window a heart with a arrow through it . he be write the word anna above it . harry ( 0.s. ) ... poor devil . close shot — martins look off R , reacting to the heart on the window pane . close shot — harry at the window , look off L for martin . harry what do you believe in ? he exit cr . wheel noise stop . mo . shot -— harry walk to window lr . martin enter from L f.g. , move up to he side . we see they be now on ground level , through the window . harry well , if you ever get Anna out of this mess , be kind to she . he open the door and martin start to go through . harry you will find she 's worth it . mo . shot — martins come out of the carriage of the big wheel , follow by Harry . camera track back with they and stop as they stop in cs in f.g. - martin cl. harry I wish I have ask you to bring I some of this tablet from home ... Holly , I would like to cut you in , old man . nobody leave in Vienna I can really trust - and we have always do everything together . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary when you make up you mind , send I a message ... I will meet you any place , any time . and when we do meet , old man , it be you I want to see , not the police . remember that , will not you ?... Martin move away lr , camera panning with he —- but Harry back up and bar he way on the step . Music start . harry do not be so gloomy ... after all , it 's not that awful . remember what the fellow say ... he back a little down the step in cs and camera pan lr with he , lose martin . harry — in Italy , for thirty year under the borgias , they have warfare , terror , murder , bloodsh , but they produce michaelangelo - Leonardo Da vinci , and the Renaissance ... in Switzerland , they have brotherly love . they have five hundred year of democracy and peace , and what do that produce ?... the cuckoo clock . so long , Holly . he exit quickly cr . closeup — martins lean on the rail , look down thoughtfully . long shot — merry -—go-round -— a small boy go round on it . Harry enter from cr f.g. , look back —- then continue on upstage , toward the merry - go - round . Music stop . dissolve to : mo . shot — calloway in he office . martin in L f.g. calloway move upstage to map on wall and gesture to it . calloway look here , martin . you can always script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary arrange to meet he at some cafe here in the International zone . he walk away lr , camera tracking and panning with he , lose calloway and revealing paine - martin continue on behind calloway 's desk , lose paine - and look off L for calloway . martins it would not work . calloway we will never get he in the Russian zone . martins calloway , you expect too much . I know he deserve to hang , you prove you stuff . but twenty year be a long time - do not ask I to tie the rope . close shot — calloway look off R for martin , camera pan lr with he as he move away . calloway okay , forget it . mo . shot — russian officer come through door ( sound of door open ) - look off R for calloway . brodsky busy , Major ? close shot — calloway look off cl for Russian . calloway what be it , brodsky ? mo . shot — russian hold file , look off R for calloway . he walk forward to cs and hand file off R to calloway . brodsky script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary we have identify the girl . here be she ... report . Music start . mo . close shot — calloway past Russian in L f.g. , calloway look at file . he put passport down on desk . close shot — passport fall onto desk as calloway put it down . calloway I have question she - we have ... closeup — martins look down off cr at the passport on the table . calloway -.. get nothing against she . brodsky we shall ... close shot — russian officer look off R for calloway . brodsky ... apply for she at the four power meeting tomorrow . she have no right to be here . closeup — martins look down off R at the passport . close shot —- anna's passport lie on calloway 's desk . mo . close shot — calloway past Russian in L f.g. calloway I have ask you people to help with lime . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary brodsky that 's ... close shot - russian look off R for calloway . brodsky ...a different case . it 's be look into . so long . close shot — martins look down . he walk away upstage rl , camera panning with he . brodsky ...- Major . calloway ( 0.s. ) in the last war , a General would hang he opponent 's picture on the wall ... close shot — calloway seat at desk . calloway he get to know he that way . closeup — back of martins ' head favor he L profile . he turn around to look off for calloway . calloway I think this would have work with you help . close shot — harry OPEN file with two photograph . pan rl to Anna 's passport . closeup — martins in L profile , look at he . martins what price would you pay ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary closeup — calloway look off R for martin . calloway name it . dissolve to : close shot — martins at station barrier . train in b.g. Music stop . sound of steam train . long shot — anna with paine cr come up step of station . ( sound of train . ) lr , they exit cr . close shot — martins at barrier , look off L for Anna . he move to exit R. mo . shot — anna enter from L f.g. follow by paine . train in b.g . she move away upstage . close shot — martins behind barrier , look off L. mo . shot — paine get into train compartment , follow by Anna . camera track in to interior of carriage . paine here we be . you will be all right here , miss . anna I do not ... close shot — anna in corner of compartment , look at passport . anna .».- understand Major calloway . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary mo . close shot camera at a angle . he put thing on rack , look off R for Anna . paine I expect he have a soft spot for you , miss . close shot — anna passport in hand , look off L for paine . ( train noise . ) anna why have he do all this ? mo . close shot —- paine reach up to luggage rack - camera tilted . paine do not you worry , miss . you be well out of thing . close shot — paine put a bundle on the cr rack . paine there you be , miss . camera track back to mo . shot , revealing outside of carriage . anna thank you , you have be so kind . Anna move down to stand cl of paine . paine well , I will be say good night . good night , miss . anna good-bye . he exit to camera and Anna close door of carriage behind he and turn back into carriage . close shot — anna in train , sit down in corner . she take off hat - rub script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary window and look off cl . long shot — martins walk upstage , along platform to buffet . close shot — anna look off L - get up . long shot — martins go into buffet from Anna 's eye line . close shot — anna get out of compartment . mo . shot through door of buffet . Anna enter , camera tracking and panning rl with she and revealing martin seat at bar . he look up . anna be you go , too ? martins oh ... mo . shot — anna past martin in L f.g. anna what be you do here ? mo . shot -— martins stand at bar , look off R for Anna . martins I want to see you off . mo . shot — anna stand , look off L for martin . anna see I off ? from here ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary mo . shot -— martins look for Anna . martins oh , I watch you on the train . no harm in that . mo . shot — anna look off L for martin . martins ( 0.s. ) .. be there ? anna how do you know I would be here ? mo . shot — martins look off R for Anna . martins I hear something about it at Police ... mo . shot — anna at door — she walk forward cl . martins ( 0.s. ) ... headquarters . anna have you be see Major calloway again ? close shot — martins look off R for Anna , who enter from cr . martins of course not . I do not live in he pocket . close shot — anna past martin in L f.g. anna Harry , what be it ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot — martins past Anna in R f.g. ( train noise over . ) martins for heaven 's sake — stop call I ... close shot past martin in L f.g. martins Harry . anna I be sorry . close shot — martins past Anna in R f.g . he react to station announcer in b.g. martins let 's go . mo . shot — martins take Anna 's arm and camera pan lr as they start toward door , Martin cr . anna what be on you mind ? why do you hide ? martins hide ? can not a fellow have a drink ? he put he coat round she shoulder and camera continue to pan they to door . martins here , it will be cold on that train . anna I shall be all right . martins you send I a wire as soon as you arrive . they exit through door cr . camera track rl to shoot through script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary buffet window , past Anna to martin . anna what be go to happen ? where be Harry ? martins he 's safe in the Russian zone . anna how do you know ? martins I see he today . mo . close shot — anna look off L for martin - door of the buffet behind she . anna how be he ? mo . close shot — martins open outer door to let Anna out . martins he can look after himself , do not worry . mo . close shot — anna look off cl for martin , who enter from cl to she R side , to hurry she out . camera track in as she move back against inner door away from he , and we shoot over he R shoulder to she . anna do he say anything about I - tell I ? martins oh , the usual thing ... anna there 's something wrong . do you tell calloway about meeting Harry ? camera pan rl slightly as martin cross f.g. martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary of course I do not tell calloway . anna why should he help I like that ? the Russians will only make trouble for he . Anna start to back through swing door , back into the buffet , martin look at she . she exit cr . martins that 's he headache . anna his . martins oh , well . anna why be you lie ? martins we be get you out of here , be not we ? close shot -— anna look off L for martin . anna I be not go . mo . shot — martins at door . camera pan L with he follow Anna and cross from door to she . we shoot over she L shoulder to he in cs . martins you ... Anna , do not you recognize a good turn when you see one . close shot — anna over martin ' shoulder . she step forward . anna you have see calloway . what be you two do ? close shot — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary over Anna 's L shoulder . martins well , they ask I to help take he , and I be help . closeup — anna look off L for martin . close shot — martins over Anna 's L shoulder . he turn away to exit cl . closeup — anna look down cr . anna poor Harry . mo . shot — martins by table in buffet , bapk to camera . martins poor Harry ? closeup — anna look down cr . mo . shot -— martins stand by table , look off cl for Anna . martins poor Harry ! would not even lift a finger to help you . close shot — anna look off cr for martin . anna oh , you have get you precious honesty and do not want anything else . mo . shot — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary look off cl for Anna , then turn away . martins you still want he . close shot — anna in front of coffee bar , look off cr for martin . sound of train whistle . anna I do not want he any more . I do not want to see he or hear he , but he be still part of I , that 's a fact . I could not do a thing to harm he . close shot — martins step forward , reacting to whistle , look off cr for train . long shot — platform from martin ' eye line and train move out in cloud of steam . close shot — martins look off cl for Anna . close shot — anna look L for martin long shot — window from Anna 's eye line . the steam cover it as train go out . close shot — anna look off cr . Music start . close shot — martins look off cl for Anna , camera panning rl with he as he move across . martins oh , Anna , why do we always have to ... close shot — anna look ahead of she . she tear she passport in two . martin script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary enter from cr and lean on bar in b.g . martins ... quarrel ? anna if you want to sell you service , I be not willing to be the price ... I love he . you love he . what good have we do he . look at yourself , they have name for face like that . she turn away and exit cl . camera track in to closeup of martin as he look after she . close shot door of the buffet swinging to and for after the depart Anna . camera pan down to he coat , lie just inside the door in a discard heap . Music stop . dissolve to : long shot — martins run up stair of International Police headquarters . camera pan with he rl . he pass International patrol come down cr side . close shot — martins open door to calloway 's office . camera track in as he enter , revealing calloway and another officer cl of he -- follow by paine come to door . martins calloway ! calloway oh , there you be . come in here , there be not much time . martin move upstage to they and stand center . martins I want to get a plane out of here tonight . mo . close shot — paine and calloway script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary cr , look off L for martin . they walk forward . calloway so she talk you out of it ? close shot — martins look off cr for calloway . he be hold the two piece of Anna 's passport . martins she give I this . close shot - anna's torn passport as martin throw it down on desk from cl . mo . close shot — calloway walk downstage rl , camera panning with he . paine enter from cr , follow he , then be lose out of picture . martin be reveal cl . calloway a girl of spirit . martins she 's right . it 's none of my business . martin cross picture lr and exit cr , hold calloway in cs . calloway it will not make any difference - in the long run . I will get he . martin re-enter from cr , crossing screen rl. martins I will not have help . calloway move away lr , camera panning with he and lose martin . calloway that will be a fine boast to make . well , I always want you to catch that plane . mo . close shot — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary look off R for calloway . calloway ( 0.s. ) do not I ? martins you all do . mo . close shot — calloway look off L for martin - he start to move away . calloway I would better see if there 's anyone still at the terminus . you may need a priority . dissolve to : close shot — martins cl and calloway drive in the open jeep with paine - travel downstage lr . calloway do you mind if I drop off somewhere on the way ? I have get a appointment , will not take five minute ... martins of course . calloway why do not you come in , too —- you be a writer ... might interest you . dissolve to : mo . close shot — calloway and martins enter ward of child 's hospital from door cr , past nun nurse . camera track rl with they as they make they way along the ward between the cot . calloway this be the biggest child 's hospital in Vienna . all the kid in here be the result of lime 's penicillin racket ... martin exit cl . Music start . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary long shot through surgical trolley of the ward , calloway and martin walk along between the cot , nursing nun cl of they . close shot — martins over the rail at end of cot , look down cr off for the occupant . camera track rl with he as he continue to next bed . close shot — calloway with nun cl of he - bend over cot . he be look off R for martin . close shot — martins look down off R at occupant of cot . calloway come down to he L side , come into picture from behind he , cr . camera pan L slightly as he also look into cot , cl . calloway it have meningitis . close shot — nun lean over cot rail , cr , shaking thermometer . calloway ( 0.s. ) they give it some of lime 's penicillin . close shot — calloway with martin cr , still look down into cot . camera be tilted slightly . calloway terrible pity , be not it . long shot through surgical trolley - two nursing nun cl - martin look into cr row of cot . calloway cross rl to cot — martin follow . close shot — nursing nun give oxygen to child in cot , out of picture below frame . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary oxygen cylinder in R f.g. , operate by nun off R. closeup — martins look off cr in R profile . close shot - two nun attend bed - one behind screen cl - another in L profile R £.g. -— the latter move across rl with bowl of surgical swab . closeup — martins look off cr to cot . he turn he head to look off L. closeup — temperature chart on desk be fill in by the hand of a nursing nun . mo . shot — nursing nun hang up temperature chart cr head of cot - off . she drop woolly toy from lh to bedside table shelf cl of she , as she turn away and camera pan down to hold basket of toy in cs . close shot — teddy bear lie face down on shelf . dissolve to : close shot — martins cl of paine who be drive open jeep . calloway seat in the back . travel downstage lr . camera track in to cs of martin and calloway as calloway lean forward - paine now tipping R edge of frame . calloway paine leat I one of you book ; " Oklahoma kid , " I think it be . read a bit of it ... think it 's pretty good . what make you take up this sort of thing ? be do it for long ? martins all right , calloway . you win . calloway I never know there be snake script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary charmer in Texas ... martins I say you win . calloway win what ? martins I will be you dumb decoy duck . dissolve to : long shot — cafe marc aurel its awning down . it be dark outside . mo . close shot — martins through window of cafe , seat at table , look out off R. long shot — STREET outside cafe from martin ' eye line , camera tracking rl along it . it be empty . mo . close shot — martins lean sideways in he chair , look off close to entrance of building cl . long shot — deserted STREET outside cafe from martin ' eye line . mo . shot — policeman stand above fountain from martin ' eye line . long shot — deserted STREET glisten pavement - from he eye line . close shot — policeman in profile , look off cl . long shot — deserted STREET from he eye line — camera tilted . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary closeup — policeman look off cl in L profile . long shot — narrow alleyway desert from he eye line . close shot — another policeman full face , look off cl . long shot — dark and deserted STREET approach cafe , from he eye line . closeup — policeman look off cl . long shot — STREET desert from he eye line . mo . close shot — martins through window of cafe , seat at table with cup of coffee in front of he . long shot — policeman on step of fountain , look down cl . long shot — the square which be desert . round the corner in far cl b.g. , the shadow of a man appear on the wall . long shot — policeman on fountain , look down off R. camera crane down , revealing calloway . paine come out of shadow of fountain to stand cl of he . policeman psst ! calloway paine !... long shot — the square script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary with the man 's shadow move lr along wall at far cl corner . closeup — policeman look cr . mo . close shot — martins seat at table in cafe . he turn to he L and look off cr , into the street . long shot — the square shadow still move along the building . a man come into picture lr in far b.g. and start to walk across the square . mo . shot — paine and calloway in shadow of fountain , they step back into deeper shadow . closeup — policeman look off cr , then cl . mo . close shot — martins through window of cafe , look off cr . he lean back onto table . close shot — calloway with paine cl of he . a policeman move into L profile in R profile in cu . they all look cl . paine look , sir ! close shot — martins seat at cafe table , in R profile . he turn he head to look off L , reacting to sound of door open . mo . close shot — anna enter cafe door , rl from martin ' eye line . she lean against cr wall in cs , look off cr for martin . anna how much longer be you go to sit here ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot — paine and calloway cr of he . paine shall I go over there , sir ? calloway no , no . leave they for a while . paine look off R. long shot — STREET outside cafe , which be in far b.g. L. a old man carry a bunch of toy balloon enter from cr . close shot — paine and calloway he turn away . long shot — the balloon man move down the street very slowly with the aid of a stick —- toward camera . close shot -— paine over calloway 's L shoulder - policeman tipping R edge of frame . balloon man ( 0.s. ) wollen sie habe balloon ? calloway turn to look over he L shoulder off L. calloway nein danke . close shot — balloon man look off cr for calloway . mo . close shot —- paine over calloway 's L shoulder . the latter turn in cu to look off cl for balloon man . balloon man ( 0.s. ) balloon ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary calloway vyter gehen fair schtangzel nicht ? paine gehen sie weiter go on - scarper ! close shot — balloon man look off R for calloway . closeup — calloway turn to look off cl for balloon man - paine behind he . balloon man ( 0.s. ) balloon , mein herr ? calloway gehen sie weiter , bitte . long shot — paine step forward to cs from shadow , look off L for balloon man and lean forward and a balloon be hand in to he from off L. he start to move back again to calloway - then call back over he shoulder off L. paine nur einen . come on schnell , schnell . all right , only one . scarper ! close shot — balloon man turn away to exit cl . long shot the top of a derelict bomb building . camera be tilted . long shot — harry come round top of corner of derelict building . he be smoking . he stop , look down off R. long shot — the square below from Harry 's eye line . two horse and carriage see below . camera pan rl , then track in as the cafe be reveal below . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary mo . shot -— martins seat at table in window of cafe in R profile . Anna in R f.g. martins you should have go . how do you know I be here ... close shot — anna look off cl for martin . she be lean on the bar of the cafe . camera pan lr as she move to center of room . martins ... anyway ? anna from kurtz . they have just be arrest . but Harry will not come , he 's not a fool . close shot -— paine cl and calloway look off past cl for the cafe . calloway yes , paine , slip over there . see what she be up to . paine move to exit . paine right , sir . mo . close shot -— back door of the cafe camera tilted at a angle R . it open slightly and Harry come in . anna you can not tell I you be do all this for nothing . closeup — anna look off cl for martin . anna what be you price this time ? close shot — martins script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary seat at table in R profile . martins no price . closeup — anna look off cl for martin . she step back . anna honest , sensible , sober , harmless Holly martin ... Holly , what a silly name ... close shot — harry come through door , look off cl for martin and Anna — the camera tilted . he react to what Anna be say . anna ( 0.s. ) you must feel very proud to be a police informer . mo . shot — anna turn and catch sight of Harry off cr , martin unaware , seat behind she in R profile at the table . camera pan L with she as she move to lean both hand on table cl and call off frantically to Harry . anna Harry , get away ! close shot — harry look off cl take out gun . anna ( 0.s. ) the police be outside . closeup — martins at table , look up off cr and get up out of picture lr . anna ( 0.s. ) Quick ! close shot — harry gun in hand , look off L for martin - he gesture to Anna script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary to get out of the way . harry Anna ! mo . shot - paine reach front entrance of cafe and move to door . close shot — harry turn away to he R , toward door - he run out of it and up step . door open to back of hinge ( already unclasp ) . mo . shot — paine turn and run out of door of cafe again , back to camera and outside —- call off R. paine Sir ! Music stop . long shot — harry make he way over pile of rubble at back of cafe , downstage lr , camera panning with he . sound of police whistle . he exit cr . paine the back , the back ! long shot — high pile of rubble some soldier make they way over the top of it rl. mo . close shot — harry camera pan rl with he , he look down off L , then start down slope , exite cl . long shot — harry run down slope of rubble , back to camera exite cl . long shot — police run in from R f.g. and on upstage . long shot — narrow STREET script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Harry run upstage in far b.g. and exite cl . long shot — step outside a church - soldier run down they rl , lead by paine and martin who exit cl . long shot — square Harry run down stage lr . he get down on hand and knee and open manhole - take off hat and climb down inside . long shot — policemen run along arched passage , toward camera . long shot — square manhole open in f.g , policeman enter at run from cr and start down it . paine be see run down to it from b.g. with calloway behind he . long shot — harry inside sewer , run along the gallery , over the overflow rl . he exit cl . sound of run water over entire into sewer sequence start . close shot — policemen run down spiral stair , follow by paine and calloway . long shot over water overflow in f.g. to gallery over it . calloway and paine enter from cr . long shot overflow and sluice below - Harry see close to side of doorway , lead on into sewer from cl . he disappear through upstage . long shot -— calloway , paine and martins make they way round gallery over water overflow . close shot — harry back to wall , look off cr . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary long shot — tunnel camera tilted . calloway lead martin and paine , come toward camera . close shot — harry move away quickly cl , camera panning with he and revealing the rest of the tunnel , water run through the center of it . close shot — calloway look off R , paine behind he . he exit cl , follow by paine and martin . long shot — harry disappear at far end of long sewer tunnel . close shot -— paine come into picture through tunnel from cl , look off L. long shot -— calloway , paine and martins make they way along cl side of sewer tunnel . calloway back up close to wall , camera panning rl with he - the other two follow suit . long shot sewer from calloway 's eye line . Harry be nowhere in sight . long shot — martins splash he way through water in center of the tunnel , lr . calloway ( 0.s. ) martin — get back ! closeup — calloway and paine cr of he . long shot — martins in the center of the tunnel . camera pan rl with he as he splashes through water and exit cl to calloway . one policeman see on far side of tunnel close to wall . long shot — STREET above the sewer script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary a police wagon come into picture and draw up cr . a number of police get out and run downstage toward camera . a tram pass in b.g. police drei mann unten in donanskanal . verkrochen ! they open manhole in f.g. and start down it . close shot — man run down step of sewer , enter from R f.g. sound of rush water start , carry over entire interior sewer scene . long shot —- three policemen at manhole in street . tram noise - no water noise on this cut . policeman snout instruction in german inaudible above tram noise . long shot — sewer Police enter from L foreground into tunnel , camera panning lr . Water noise continue . long shot tunnel with water rush through from policeman 's eye line - the light move round it . it be desert . mo . close shot — sewer policeman with lamp - shine it round tunnel . long shot — tunnel with water run through — light at far end . close shot — harry full face against the wall , he run away upstage rl , camera panning with he to center of tunnel . policeman Los ! close shot — calloway and martins the former exit cl . martin be about to follow . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary long shot empty tunnel with Harry see in very long shot at far end , calloway at a run from cr . paine and martin follow . mo . shot narrow tunnel - Harry enter from cr -— run downstage , camera pan rl as he dodge behind corner in f.g. long shot dark tunnel light at far end , and storm troop police come into view at far end , shine a light . policeman ..- halt ! remainder of shout indistinguishable . mo . close shot — harry at corner of sewer . camera pan rl with he as he turn , revealing another tunnel . policeman ( 0o.s. ) stehen ... bleiben oder ich schisse . bleib hier ich lauf hinunter . long shot — harry run upstage , back to camera , along dark passage . he exit at end , upstairs , cl . closeup — harry look up off cl . long shot — police in square , open manhole to sewer . no water noise over this cut . noise of tram . long shot — from low angle Harry enter from cr f.g. , stop cr side of passage . he be stooping and bend to pass under very low tunnel . long shot — police script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary in square , go down manhole . other police on ground level about to follow . no water noise on this cut . close shot — harry stooping in low tunnel - look off past cr . long shot — sewer police move along the passageway rl. long shot — sewer police carry light torch go through archway from main tunnel , into narrow side tunnel . they move down stage to cs , look off R. long shot opposite side of end tunnel - policeman 's shadow on archway of opposite wall - otherwise desert - from policeman 's eye line . policeman ( 0o.s. ) hier ist nicht los toter ... close shot — policeman hold torch and revolver , look back over he shoulder to police behind he . policeman gang gehen richtung stadtpark . they turn and go . long shot through archway of sewer police make they way along main tunnel - back to camera . they turn and start back again , toward camera . close shot — harry look off past cr - he be crouch in tunnel . sound of distant shout . mo . shot gallery round water overflow and main sewer . sewer police with flame torch enter from cr , move rl . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary long shot water overflow in L f.g. , fall down over wall into sewer from police eye line . mo . shot large round hole in wall , lead to a tunnel . a policeman 's head , look off cl . long shot empty main sewer tunnel from policeman 's eye line . long shot shoot up over overflow fall in R f.g. - Harry be see peeping round cr corner of gallery . long shot sewer police come through round hole in wall , lead to branching tunnel - to main tunnel . they move upstage lr . a policeman speak in german but it be unintelligible . long shot over overlow fall in R f.g. , to tne gallery above . Harry be see peeping round corner in R b.g. , disappear behind it lr again . german police instruction be be shout but not intelligible . long shot — sewer police move rl along tunnel - carry torch . german shout -— unintelligible . close shot — sewer policeman shine lamp off cr . long shot from policeman 's eye line of tunnel as he shine torch into it . close shot — sewer policeman look off cl . long shot — tunnel script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary with policeman 's light shine on it , move round — camera tilted . close shot — SHOCK trooper look off cr , small machine gun in hand . long shot the sewer from policeman 's eye line . close shot — sewer policeman look off cl . long shot — sewer police climb down wall ladder inside sewer , carry torch . mo . close shot — sewer policeman at foot of ladder , shine torch off cr - other come down ladder into picture , cr . camera pan L with he as he move along the wall rl , shine torch . long shot dark tunnel from policeman 's eye line . it be desert . sound of disturb stone . close shot — sewer policeman look off cl . close shot another sewer policeman hold lamp ( which be off ) look off cl . long shot — tunnel from policeman 's eye line . mo . close shot — two sewer policeman sound of a disturb stone . policeman licht ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary very long shot of the tunnel and light be shine down on it from far end . long shot — harry with light shine on he - back to camera - foot splash through water . closeup — sewer policeman look off cr for Harry . close shot — STORM trooper with machine gun , exit cr . Police whistle . closeup — sewer policeman move out of picture cr . Police whistle . long shot — dark tunnel Harry exit at a run past cl . in the b.g. light shine by policeman be move rapidly downstage . Police whistle . police halt - stehen - bleiben oder wir schissen ! halt - stehen —- bleiben oder wir schisson ! long shot — harry climb over the rail of a small gallery and down ladder , to camera . long shot — police run along the tunnel , shine light . they move to exit cl . long shot — harry run along , close to the wall of the tunnel , rl. camera crane up with he as he run up staircase in L of picture - rl - then reach the landing , continue on up a wall ladder in cs . long shot — sewer police open flap of manhole - from Harry 's eye line - and look down . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary policeman rasch , rasch . Zwei mann alserbach , zwei mann schotterfang rechts hinaber . mo . close shot camera pan down with Harry as he climb down again . he run to corner of tunnel , downstage into cu , then turn the corner and run upstage , back to camera , move to exit , cl . long shot across overflow in R f.g. to gallery above it . Harry come into picture on the gallery from cr , look off L , then start to climb over the gallery rail . close shot — harry feet drop into picture from above - they reach ground - and camera pan lr with he foot as they move upstage through water in tunnel , until he be wholly reveal in ls , run away upstage , back to camera . close shot — sewer police enter from cr , move upstage , back to camera . long shot — police move along the tunnel . smaller tunnel branching off cr . close shot — harry enter from cr f.g. and reacting to shout , look back over he shoulder off R. policeman franz da geh ' riber . long shot — the waterfall tunnel in background . sewer police slide down it on rope rl , camera panning down with the firestone to the bottom two , other slide into picture down the rope , and they start off upstage . long shot — tunnel with gallery over it . Harry come into picture at top of same cl - run lr . in the tunnel underneath , we see sewer police , move downstage to camera . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Harry reach corner of staircase , down to tunnel , react to sound of footstep and we : CUT to : close shot — harry at corner of stair , look down . he move lr , camera panning with he and he press himself against the side of the wall adjoin the gallery . the police with flare be see down below . camera pan rl with he as he dart once more to corner of step . long shot top of the small gallery where we have just see Harry — storm trooper come through doorway cr - and below Harry run away through lower archway , upstage , back to camera . mo . shot — the spiral staircase Harry enter from cl - run up the stair , back to camera rl . mo . shot — two STORM troopers with a alsatian look down manhole from Harry 's eye line . closeup — harry look up off L for police . he turn and exit cr . mo . shot — two STORM troopers and dog look down into manhole from Harry 's eye line . long shot along the narrow tunnel . Harry see in main sewer , run to camera . mo . close shot — harry look off cl in L profile - he stop in f.g. panting . sound of distort echoing voice . long shot — harry in center of main sewer - desert . he be look round he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot empty doorway in tunnel - camera tilted L from Harry 's eye line . close shot — harry in L profile , look off cl and around he . close shot — two doorway from Harry 's eye line - into main tunnel . close shot — harry in R profile , look around he . close shot dark and empty doorway into main sewer from Harry 's eye line — camera tilted . close shot — harry in L profile , look around he . close shot two more desert doorway lead into other tunnel from Harry 's eye line . mo . shot desert passage from Harry 's eye line . mo . shot round hole lead into main sewer from Harry 's eye line . close shot — harry look round he to L and R. police halt da ismer ......... ( remainder unintelligible ) long shot the main tunnel of the sewer - Harry standlng alone in the center of it . Harry run to a arch and exit cr through it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot — martins in tunnel , look off cl . long shot tunnel - Harry climb down ladder against wall cl into another tunnel . mo . close shot — martins look off cl . martins Harry ! long shot of the tunnel wlth Harry just drop off iron step camera L , and run upstage back to camera . he fall against the cr side of the wall for cover . close shot — harry fall back against the wall , look off cl for martin , then over he shoulder upstage for flight of step see in b.g . close shot — martins look off cl for Harry - he also fall back against wall cl . harry ( 0.s. ) be that you ? close shot — harry back to wall , look over shoulder for step in b.g. martins ( 0.s. ) you be through , Harry ! long shot — spiral step from Harry 's eye line . martins ( 0.s. ) come out ! you have not get a chance ... close shot — harry script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary look off cr for martin . martins ( 0.s. ) ... this way . harry what do you want ? close shot — paine revolver in hand look back over he R shoulder , off cl . he exit cl . martins ( 0.s. ) you might as well give up . close shot — harry press close to wall , look over he shoulder to step — then off cr for martin . long shot — paine run along the cr side of the tunnel to camera . paine Mr. martin , sir , get back ! closeup — calloway look off cl . paine ( 0.s. ) get back ! long shot — paine run down passage , follow by calloway in far b.g . he run down into ms , look off . paine keep back sir , come back ! close shot — harry hold revolver - shoot off . paine ( 0.s. ) hurry , come back , sir ! mo . close shot —- paine script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary follow by calloway move downstage rl , revolver in hand . he stop in f.g. , then slowly crumpling up , fall forward . you hear the splash of water . mo . shot - paine fall to ground in f.g. closeup — martins look off cl against wall - exit cr . close shot — harry move away from wall , exite cl . long shot along dark tunnel - Harry come into picture from cl , run . mo . shot -— calloway step from shadow in tunnel , fire off R with revolver . long shot — harry at far end of tunnel , back to camera , stagger . he fall . revolver report - sound of see start . close shot — paine double up on the ground in f.g. calloway come to he from cr and martin from cl . they turn he over , and calloway start to undo he collar . long shot — harry at foot of iron staircase , crawl along the ground toward they . mo . close shot down the spiral stair , Harry crawl up they , slowly and painfully . long shot from Harry 's eye line of the grille at the top of the stair to the street . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot — harry crawl up the stair toward camera . close shot through iron step - Harry 's face as he crawl up staircase . mo . close shot —- martins and calloway bend over paine 's body . close shot — harry climb on all four , slowly up the stair , look up off R for the top . mo . close shot -— grille at top of stair from Harry 's eye line . closeup — harry make he way to top of stair . close shot — martins bend over paine 's body - he take he gun from he hand and get up . calloway in R f.g. closeup — harry through the iron step as he crawl to top . long shot — martins walk along tunnel , back to camera . close shot — harry climb up into picture on the stair from cl - he reach up for the grille above he . long shot — the STREET immediately above the grille . Harry 's hand come up into picture through the top , grop to get a hold . closeup — harry look up , off cr , the light from the street above shine script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary on he face . mo . shot -— martins come round corner of tunnel from cr , look off R for Harry . close shot — harry reach up to the grille , above he head again . close shot - harry hand in f.g. , come through the grille above ground and grop to get a hold . his hand grope in the air for a moment , then disappear below ground again . close shot — harry collapse at the top of the stair and be still , he head bury in he arm . mo . close shot — martins gun in hand , look off cr for Harry . he move forward into cu , light fall onto he face .. close shot — harry collapse on the stair , look from the corner of he eye for the approach of martin off L. mo . shot — calloway get to he foot from beside paine 's body - camera pan up with he — he look off cr and call . calloway martin ! sewer police move up in b.g . he exit cl . close shot — harry lie on the stair , look up stealthily through crook of arm off L for martin - gun in hand . calloway ( 0.s. ) be careful , martin ! long shot — calloway script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary gun in hand , make he way along cl side of tunnel . calloway do not take any chance . close shot — harry look through crook of arm , off L. he raise head . calloway ( 0.s. ) if you see he , shoot . sound of music . closeup — martins look off cr for Harry . close shot — harry on the stair , look off L for martin . closeup — martins look off R for Harry . close shot — calloway walk downstage , along the tunnel to camera rl . you hear the report of revolver - music stop - see stop . long shot — tunnel from calloway 's eye line . at the far end in very ls , martin come into picture , walk slowly downstage . dissolve to : mo . shot — priest with graveyard attendant and he assistant beside he . priest herr gib ihnen die ewige ruh und das ewige licht leutche ihnen . herr lass sie ruhen in frieden . amen . in namen des vater des sohne und des heiligen geist . amen . he sprinkle spoonful of soil on the grave , then move to exit cr . Music start . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary mo . shot -— martins cl £f.g. — Anna face the new grave . she take spoon of earth from graveyard attendant and sprinkle it on grave - move to exit cr . closeup — martins calloway walk up to he from behind . long shot - the graveyard with Harry 's new grave in f.g. martin cl - calloway 's back to camera . they move downstage - martin replace he hat . long shot — road cr of the graveyard , Anna walk upstage , back to camera . she exit cr . mo . long shot — jeep in R f.g. calloway enter it rl. martin walk round the back of it , look at watch - then off cl , after the depart Anna . calloway what time be it ? martins two thirty . long shot — anna walk upstage , back to camera . close shot — calloway seat in R profile in jeep - martin get in lr , beside he . the jeep drive out cr . calloway I will have to step on it , if you be go to catch that plane . close two shot — martins cl and calloway cr - riding in the open jeep lr . camera track in to single cu of martin look off R for calloway . he look back over he shoulder . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary martins calloway , can not you do something about Anna ? calloway ( 0.s. ) I will do what I can , if she will let I . long shot — anna walk along the street - camera dollying back as from martin ' eye line in jeep . she get further and further away . close two shot — martins and calloway seat in jeep , drive rl . martins wait a minute —- let I out . calloway well , there 's not much time . martins one can not just leave - please . mo . shot — jeep drive up to curb lr - martin climb out near side to camera and camera pan rl as he move to back of jeep and take out he grip and turn away to exit cl . we hold calloway in back of jeep , look after he . calloway be sensible , martin . martins I have not get a sensible name , calloway . long shot along the avenue of tree , Anna in far b.g. , walk downstage . martin enter from cr f.g. , move upstage , back to camera . he put down he grip on a cart in L f.g. and stand wait . close shot — calloway in jeep look back over he shoulder off L for martin . he start to drive away upstage . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary long shot — martins in L f.g. , Anna in the middle of the road , come downstage toward camera . she pass martin without a glance , and continue on , look straight ahead of she and out of picture cr - martin take out a cigarette and light it . fade out the end script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary