the program written by David S. Ward &amp ; Aaron latham revised tan 11/23/92 shoot draft fade in on black screen sportscaster's voice ( v.o. ) allright , bowl bid ridin ' here for e.s.u . fourth down on the Georgia tech 18 . 4 tick leave . kane set them down . instant CUT to : line of tape knuckle - night smash into the mud , as a football offensive line come set , frost breath steaming across to : the defensive line digging in , ready to explode . close on joe kane e.s.u. quarterback , bark signal . the ball be snap , and we go to slow motion as the line crash together in the slop . Joe roll to the right , look downfield . a huge defensive end bear down on he . Joe juke . the end whip on by , grab for jersey , slip off . but big number 75 be close the gap . on the run , Joe release a desperation pass toward the end zone , just as 75 catch he and bury he face - down in the swamp . we follow the ball , spiraling through the slant rain . ray griffen , black run back , glance back for it , two defensive back with he . all three leap in unison , climb as high as they can , clutching , claw for the ball . the ball float down , kiss off the tangle of finger , splashes to the ground , and roll to a stop in the mud . incomplete . the bang of the final gun snap we back to live action . Joe on he knee in the muck , stare at the goal line , then drop he head in defeat . angle on SAM winter betray little emotion , coach SAM winter , wiry , intense , early 50' , take off he headset , let it drop , head across the field . reporter # 1 ( v.o. ) coach , this be the second year in a row you have fail to go to a bowl game . do you feel you program 's in decline ? int . locker room - night coach winter stand outside he office surround by reporter , a bouquet of microphone stick in he face . winter ( keep he cool ) no , we be just a young team on the verge . we will be back in a major bowl next year . elsewhere in the locker room , we pick up a weary , mud - splatter Joe kane take off he pad in front of he locker . alvin mack , black linebacker , come by . Alvin exude danger ; big , fast and hostile on the field , slightly surly , a sense of repress anger off it . alvin good throw , Joe . it be there . joe so be half they team . ( trail off ) shit , another Christmas at home . alvin next year , man . next year we sell out . next year we dominate . on coach winter again still field question . reporter # 2 you still need a deep threat or a breakaway back to go with Joe kane . what be you gonna do to address this need ? coach winter ( a little edgy ) stop wastin ' my time talkin ' to you guy for a start . as winter get up to go , we hear : wilson ( v.o. ) I be not gonna lead you into the fog here , Sam ... int . chancellor wilson's office - day chancellor grant wilson , 60 , grey-haire eminence , sit behind he desk . seat across from he be coach winter and galen howard , 50 , the athletic director . chancellor wilson I be concerned about we Program . it 's always be a source of pride to we student and alumnus , but two straight so - so season be have a damaging effect on we fund - raise , both public and private . winter ( half -jok ) then stop raise the entrance requirement on I . we never could have get Alvin mack in here under the new guideline . chancellor wilson as chancellor , my first responsibility be to the academic interest of this University . Wilson point to a representation of a football field affix to the wall . a football rest on the 40 yard line , which be mark 160 million . the end zone ( 60 yard away ) be $ 400,000,000 . wilson at a time when we be commit to a 400 million dollar building program , alumnus donation be down 15 % the last two year . because they have also voice they displeasure to they legislator , we can expect a corresponding drop in state fund . howard the athletic Fund be suffer too . season ticket sale be off , merchandise 's slow ... winter you layin ' all this at my door ? there 's be a recession on . chancellor wilson yes , but the heaviest drop have be from the big donor , the 100,000 dollar club . this people be recession proof . they sit in my box every game , and they be much more generous when we be rank and go to bowl game . two of they , as you know , be on the board of regent , include the Chairman . winter what be you try to say to I , grant ? after 12 year , my job 's in jeopardy ? chancellor wilson I be not prepare to discuss you job right now ; I just want you to be aware of the situation . the alumnus and the legislature be unhappy and they vote with they checkbook . I do not pretend to be a expert on football , Sam , and I will deny that this conversation ever take place , but I do know we need to win next year . int . stadium tunnel - late afternoon coach winter flanke by two assistant coaches , hume and clayton , walk down a cavernous tunnel beneath the stand to a wait car . at the end of the tunnel , a scarecrow effigy of coach winter hang from a overhead pipe . clayton ( ignore the effigy ) ticket be in you coat . itinerary and player profile be in you briefcase . we get a 9:00 be tomorrow in Philly with this kid darnell jefferson . coach winter stop , look up at the effigy . hume and Clayton fear a outburst , a display of rage . winter look like I have lose weight . that 's it . he stride on . hume and Clayton race to catch up . clayton this kid 's the gamebreaker we have be lookin ' for . music start . title begin . ext . INTERNATIONAL airport - evening a boe 737 roar into the night sky . coach clayton ( v.o. ) have a 108 yard kickoff return against taft. Michigan 's be down to see he twice . int . ST . luke's home for boy - morning winter , hume , Clayton and Joe kane sit across from darnell jefferson and reverend wallace in a tatter parlor room . other boy of various age and color look in from the adjoin door . darnell be black , good -look , street -hip , the letter d.j. shave in block letter into he fade . winter darnell , you have the potential to start for we as a freshman . that 108 yard kickoff return you make against taft ? one of the great run I have ever see a high school player make . now , Michigan be set at tailback for two year . you will not play till you be a junior . with Joe here gettin ' you the ball , runnin ' 28 Thunder right , you will be all - american with we as a sophomore . reverend wallace yes , but I be really more concerned with darnell 's education . he come here late . he 's get some catch up to do . winter believe I , education be the first priority in we program . that 's why all the player be smarter than I . after all , a football coach be smart enough to understand the game , but dumb enough to think it 's important . this get a little chuckle from the reverend . it be intend to . ext . rural south CAROLINA tenant farm - day we see a run-down tenant shack on the edge of a large cotton field . int . tenant shack - day two room . dirt floor . two -foot Christmas tree on a apple cart . Alvin mack 's mother open a Christmas present as Alvin and he two sister look on . it 's a engraved lionshead doorknocker , the kind you 'de find on the door of a affluent home . the inscription read the mack be . Alvin 's mother think it 's beautiful , but be not sure what to do with it . alvin' mother it 's real pretty , Alvin . alvin when I turn pro , I will get you the house to go with it . int . coach winter ' house - day winter ' daughter louanne , 20 , be on the phone with she father . louanne be sexy , clothes too tight , but good - nature , somewhat needy and loyal as a labrador . she hold a hopelessly out - of- style sweater she dad 's give she for Christmas . louanne ( lie ) it 's real nice , dad . int . roadside motel - day winter sit on the bed , eat chinese take - out , the phone cradle in he neck , talk to louanne . winter I know you 'de like it , lou. merry Christmas . put some fresh flower on you Mom 's grave for I . I will be home in a couple day . ext . SMALL brick house - day batter and old , in a decline Pennsylvania neighborhood , hard by a steel work . int . SMALL brick house - day Joe sit on the couch with he older brother , frank , watch the bowl game he would have be in , have e.s.u. win they last game . his father , a grizzle man in he fifty , nod in and out in a tatter armchair . all three have be drink beer , they empty scattered around . Frank toss Joe a Iron City beer . frank have another vitamin I , joey . do not think we 'de see you here this Christmas , little brother . joe you will not next year . joe' father ( get up ) yeh , well we will not rent you place on the couch . as Joe 's father head for the kitchen , he hang he empty beer can , by the pull tab , on a branch of the Christmas tree . we see that the whole tree be cover with can . int . philadelphia boy' home - night darnell talk on a pay phone in the hall . darnell you be from e.s.u ? girl voice yeh . I be just sittin ' here by the fire doin ' my homework , and decide to give you a call . see how you be doin ' . int . office in e.s.u . athletic department - night we see who darnell be talk to : autumn haley , beautiful black girl , stylish , long straight hair , definitely not street . autumn coach winter have be tell I about you . I be look forward to see you when you come to visit . I will be you guide . you be come to visit be not you ? we pull back and reveal Autumn in a office with 15 other telephone , a coed on every one . asst . coach myer supervise with a clipboard of name and number . ext . tunnel of wolfden stadium - day Joe lead darnell down to the end of the tunnel , where Autumn be wait . he introduce they . she 's even more attractive than darnell think she would be . she take darnell 's hand and lead he out onto the field where he 's greet by the e.s.u . band play the school fight song . the cheerleader whip into action , leg kick , pom-pom whirling . the band part and darnell walk out into the 90,000 seat stadium , a awesome sight for any young man . Autumn point to the giant diamond vision scoreboard . darnell 's name and picture appear . the stadium p.a. announcer cut in . p.a. announcer now for the start line - up for the e.s.u. timber wolf . at tailback , number 20 , darnell jefferson !! darnell you get that right . darnell , in he excitement , do a little end - zone dance . slap hand with Joe . ext . picturesque campus walk - night romantic , ivy - League look , light by soft- glo footlight . darnell and Autumn walk , side by side , stop outside Autumn 's dorm . darnell thanks for showin ' I around , Autumn . I do not meet too many female like you . you get a lotta class . Real efficacious . maybe I will check you out in the fall . autumn I hope so , darnell . he lean down to kiss she . she hesitates , not sure about this , then come forward , kiss he on the lip , start to let it deepen , then break it off . autumn good night . as he watch she go up the step , we go to : ext . the boy home - day early February : it 's National decision Day and darnell 's home be under seige . Reporters . microphone . Television camera . darnell step out onto the porch wear a esu jersey with # 1 emblazon on it . darnell now you know where I be go and what we be indubitably go to be . music and title end . ext . e.s.u. campus - day a hot , late summer day . over the desert quad , we see the title : 6 month later . it fade and we move to reveal a city bus pull up at a curb adjacent to the quad . off step darnell , carry one batter suitcase . Joe kane and bud lite kaminsky , offensive line tackle , be there to greet he . joe hey , darnell , welcome to e.s.u . darnell ( shaking hand ) yeh , good to see you guy . what happen to the band and the dancin ' hony ? joe regular student do not come back for two week yet . not that they woulda be here . now that you have enrol , you be just another wormshit freshman . int . browning athletic dorm - day a dorm devote exclusively to football player . luxurious lounge , study hall , saunas , recreation and media room . spacious live quarter . a world unto itself . Joe and Bud usher darnell into he room . joe here 's you room . if you need anything call the hall manager . darnell look around , take it all in . he try to be cool , but this be easily the nicest room he 's ever have . joe see ya later . freshman placement test tomorrow at nine . mckinnley Hall . Joe and Bud start down the hall . darnell turn back into he room , then start to pace off it 's dimension , heel to toe . ext . the 911 - night College hang - out , bar , catering to athlete and they admirer . a black harley davidson , drive by Joe kane with darnell on the back , pull up at the curb . they get off , head inside . int . the 911 - night Joe and darnell pass a table of three girl , conspicuous among they be louanne winter . Joe and darnell give she a nod and proceed on to a table where three fellow player wait : Bud lite , bobby collin , good-look , silver - tongue lady man and 2nd string quarterback , and steve lattimer , heavily muscle , surf - punk defensive end . between they be a large pitcher of beer . bobby uh , oh , the lead Dog be back . there go my cover of the media guide . joe hey , Bobby , lat , how ya doin ? this be darnell jefferson , freshman tailback . darnell how ya ' doin ' ? bobby I be hopin ' you 'de have roll you bike or somethin' . nothin ' serious , just enough to keep you out for the season . joe ( pour himself some beer ) no such luck , backup man . but I will try to engineer a few blowout . get you get some mop - up time . ( study lattimer ) shit , lat , you look buff , man . you put on some weight ? lattimer 35 lb . spend the summer in the gym . I be tired of watchin ' you guy play . I intend to start this year . bud you get any bigger , you can play offense . lattimer yeh , but do not I have to get dumber too ? Bud take a good - nature swipe at he . lattimer deflect it . Joe notice Bobby look over at louanne . she give Bobby a surreptitious little wave to come over and sit with she . he give she the " just a minute " sign . bud you still seein ' louanne ? bobby yeh . now and then , when the tide rise . do not want she to think this be some kind have exclusive deal . joe coach find out you be nailin ' he daughter , you will be playin ' dorm ball . bobby I will bail before that . besides , this be what he get for not startin ' I . Bobby laugh and head over to louanne 's table , as Joe pour himself another beer . Alvin enter the bar , go to Joe 's table , plop a copy of Sports illustrate down in front of Joe . alvin hey , man , you see this ? on the cover be a picture of Joe and one other quarterback , tim waymen . the coverline read , heisman hopefuls : the year of the quarterback . alvin ( ribbing Joe ) you must be some very bad - ass motherfucker . Joe stare at the cover . he 's more stunne than elate . joe Jesus ... lattimer what ? you do not know ? joe I know there be gonna be a article . I do not know it be gonna be on the cover . alvin shit , we do all the work . you get all the pub . too bad we be not allow to hit you in practice . be fun to kick the shit out of a heisman Trophy candidate . joe I guess you will have to wait till we get to the pro . alvin ( to darnell ) beer boy , get I some . darnell be you serious ? alvin do it look like I be serious ? Joe drain he beer , pour another . lattimer start to read form the article . lattimer listen to this . " e.s.u. have a solid nucleus return , but the timberwolve , come off two disappoint season , will only go as far as the strong right arm of heisman candidate Joe kane will take they . " that right , Joe ? you gonna lead we to the promise land ? joe I be gonna lead ... but can you follow ? mute chuckle , but set face . the challenge accept . Joe chug he beer , pour another . ext . two lane highway - night the crowd from the 911 ( Bud , Alvin , lattimer , darnell , Bobby and louanne ) follow Joe down the hill behind the bar toward a busy two - lane highway . Joe , a little drunker than the other , start howling at the moon like a timber Wolf . the other join in . bud what be we doin ' , Joe ? joe ( slightly slur ) there 's something I wanta try . gotta wake up we mojo . start settin ' the tone for the season . bud this be not a good time to be settin ' anything . you be in no shape ... suddenly Joe make a dash out onto the highway . bud Joe , c'mon Joe , do not be a asshole . Joe ! god-damnit , why 's he always doin ' shit like this ? coach will fuckin ' kill I . Alvin , go get he , will ya ? alvin Hell no , you go get he ass . crazy motherfucker . Joe stand on the white line , car and truck whizzing by , then lie down on he back , arm at he side . joe' point of view Cars and truck blast toward we , roar on by , right on top of we , honk , spraying grime , shaking the asphalt . Bud and the other on the side of the road be increasingly worried now . bud fuck this shit . piss off , Bud sprint out to the white line . the draft - wake of a pass truck almost blow he over . bud c'mon , Joe , that 's enough . let 's get the hell outa here . what if somebody drift or cross the line to pass ? joe what 's the matter , Bud ? can not you follow ? Bud hesitates a second , scared , but stung by this dare . bud ( tear ) god-damnit , god-damnit . shit . Bud can not fight it . he lie down on the line , he head touch Joe 's foot . Joe begin to howl again . Bud join in . Alvin and the other can not believe it . alvin startin ' to look like a loaf of wonder bread out there . bobby they be makin ' we look like pussy , ya know . standin ' here suckin ' we thumb . lattimer ( to Alvin ) yeh , and there 's nobody from the Defense out there . Bobby and lattimer look at each other a beat . time to ante up . both turn to Alvin . alvin what be you lookin ' at ? you think you be bad ? Alvin snort in disgust and start out onto the blacktop . Bobby and lattimer smile , go to follow . louanne grab Bobby , hold he back . louanne ( vaguely sexual ) Bobby , be careful , o.k ? please , be careful . Bobby smile , grab she ass , pull she to he , give she a long , passionate kiss , then sprint out to the white line , leave she breathless . Alvin , Bobby and lattimer lie down in front of Bud . now there 's a line of five , a human highway median . everybody scared shitless , howling they lung out . louanne and darnell watch from the side of the road . darnell this guy do this kinda shit a lot ? they never mention this in recruiting . finally , Joe laugh wildly , jump up and they all scramble back to safety . out of breath , but pump up , they exchange exhilated high fives . Alvin just shake he head . dissolve to : int . examination room - morning twenty freshman football player , include darnell , be scattered at table around the room , write furiously in test booklet , as a proctor pace the room . darnell start to write a answer , stop , stump . worried , he look at the clock , go on to the next page . ext . e.s.u. campus - morning darnell and Joe walk across campus . darnell carry a gleam , chrome trophy with a football player on top . he 's still think about the test . darnell I do not know ... I leave a lot of them blank . joe do not worry , you will do all right . lotta people do not finish . darnell ( not convinced ) yeh . joe what be you doin ' with the trophy ? darnell coach winter ask I to bring it to the meeting . I do not know what for . suddenly darnell see Autumn walk across the quad . darnell I will see ya at the meeting . ( hand he the trophy ) take this for I , will ya ? Joe start to protest , but darnell be already off , racing across the quad , quickly catch up with Autumn . darnell hey , Autumn , hold up ! what be you do here ? I think student do not come back for two week . autumn ( rather coolly ) I come back early to see a friend . darnel you be look fresh , Autumn . a package of pulchritudiness . what about get together later tonight ? maybe get a pizza ? they get pizza in this town do not they ? autumn I can not tonight . darnell how about tomorrow night ? autumn I do not think it 's a real good idea for we to see each other , darnell . darnell what 's the matter ? I be not good enough for you all of a sudden ? too young , be that it ? I be not , ya know . they hold I back a year . autumn no , it 's not that ... I have get a boyfriend . darnell do you have this boyfriend when you show I around ? autumn ( reluctant to admit it ) yes . darnell yeah , well , it do not seem to bother you then . I be willing to overlook it now . autumn I be mad at he . darnell for what ? autumn I catch he with another girl . a white girl . darnell and you be still with this nigger ? she nod , slightly embarrassed . autumn look , I get to get go , darnell . I be sorry . I do not mean to lead you on . I be glad you come here . she start walk away . darnell wait a minute . I can at least walk with you , can not I ? nothin ' wrong with that . she speed up . he speed up . autumn I be in a hurry . darnell I can keep up . I run the forty in four-four . she 's just about to say something when ray griffen arrive . Ray 's the start tailback , black , handsome , clean - cut , well - speak , middle class . ray hey , Autumn -- this be exactly what Autumn do not want to happen . Ray and darnell eye each other like a couple of rooster . autumn hi , Ray . this be ... darnell ( cut in , offer he hand ) darnell jefferson . ( pointedly ) tailback . ray ( shaking darnell 's hand ) Ray griffen . ( just as pointedly ) start tailback . darnell I know . that 's why they recruit I . Autumn can not believe he say this . she start to interject something to break the tension , but never get the chance . ray the two guy they recruit before you be hand out gatorade now . ( make the jerkoff motion ) better start strengthen you wrist . darnell we will see . ( depart , to Ray ) give my best to miss lilly . Autumn 's mortification be complete . ray ( to himself ) what the hell be that suppose to mean ? ext . e.s.u. campus - day establish the new , modern keller CENTER , home of the e.s.u. athletic Department . int . keller CENTER - day the football meeting room . a quarter amphitheatre . the freshman , include darnell , down in front . nervous , talk very little , eye play over the picture of former e.s.u. great arrange on the Wall of honor . behind they , the upperclassman , banter , conversation punctuate with laughter . a door open . the Assistant coaches file in . the room hush immediately . coach winter walk in . the upperclassman break into applause ; the freshmen quickly take they cue and join in . winter good to see you again , gentleman . ( catch sight of darnell ) jefferson , either take off the earring or put on a dress . the upperclassman hoot , as darnell , embarrassed , take off he earring . winter I wanna talk a little about what we be try to do here . there be many highly respected people who feel football be about preparation for life . the player nod reverentially at this establish axiom of the football cannon . winter this people be full of shit . you see , football be not like life . ( pause ) it 's better . more exciting , more intense , more fun . in life , people be always wonder how they measure up ; whether they be get ahead or fallin ' behind . in football , you know . every week you get a chance to show what you be make of , a chance to demonstrate the physical and personal quality that all that poor bastard who can not play this game be leave to agonize about . spread smile all around . it 's good to be a football player . winter last year we do not make enough of that chance . last year everyone feel we let the school down . fuck the school . we let ourselves down . ( point to the Wall of honor ) we let down a great tradition , a 120 - year - old line of champion . the smile be go . lot of set face now . shame . anger , retribution . winter any football program worth the name be a special brotherhood , a elite corps of warrior , a select group of knight . that first time we start unit take the field , the first time we huddle up ; that 's we inner circle , that 's we round table . if I be a upperclassman , I would be real nervous about my seat , cause we get some very talented new- comer this year . guy who want a place at the table . ( produce darnell 's trophy from behind the podium ) this be the trophy one of we freshman , darnell jefferson , win as a Pennsylvania State High School first team all - american . you know what this say to I ? the freshmen be hang on every word . winter not a god -damn thing . he smashes the trophy on the podium , break it in half , shatter the base . darnell and the other freshmen be agog . the upperclassman stifle laugh , particularly Ray griffen . winter ( to the freshmen ) everybody here be a high school all- american . ( to all the player ) whatever any of you have do before be out the window . we be startin ' over . Ground zero . the table be empty . be you ready ? the upperclassman nod , steely , purposeful . we go to the freshmen . they be not so sure . smash CUT to : ext . e.s.u. practice field - day pass drill . Joe kane take a snap , fade to pass , throw a out . the ball sail two foot over the receiver 's head . Joe 's angry with himself . coach clayton ( to winter ) he 's too pump up . tryin ' to win the damn heisman on every throw . I be not sure he 's ready for all this hype . coach hume Little late to be worryin ' about that . if we do not follow up the Sports illustrate cover with something , it will look like we do not believe in we own player . winter do not worry , Joe 's a tough kid . he will be allright . ext . practice field - day scrimmage . Joe hand off to darnell . he sweep right , cut it up , blow past the end . in a spectacular display of break field run , darnell break to the sideline , cut back , elude the corner back , and stiffarm the safety . Alvin , pursue the play , finally tackle he from behind , stripping the ball at the same time . there 's a wild scramble for the fumble . darnell be crush under the pile , as the defense recover it , ruin a otherwise brilliant run . the player unpile to reveal darnell , writhe on the ground , the wind knock out of he . Ray griffen run by to take he place . griffen hey , nice writhe , jefferson . you get all the move . winter ( shouting to the team ) allright , move it up . let 's go , 15 yard , run the next play . the scrimmage move up 15 yard leave darnell behind . winter sprint over to lattimer , grab he by the face mask . winter cut the necktie tackle horseshit . you think you be in some kinda highlight reel ? he leave you huggin ' air . target he gut . drive right through he abdomen . I wanta see snot bubbles in he nose . I wanta see shit in he underwear . lattimer nod chastise . winter move over to check on darnell . winter you injure , jefferson , or just hurt ? darnell ( gasp ) what do you mean ? winter if you be hurt , you can still play . if you be injure you can not . be you hurt or be you injure ? darnell I think I be just hurt . winter o.k. , then get up . winter extend a hand . darnell grab it , struggle shakily to he foot winter Nice run . think what it coulda do for we if we still have the ball . ( hand he the ball ) this be a football . I want you to carry it with you wherever you go . never let it out of you sight . ( to the rest of the team ) any of you see he on campus , take a swipe at the ball . try to knock it out of he hand . recover it . ( to darnell again ) if anybody , but you , return this ball to I , you will wish you 'de never be bear . winter wheel off leave a wobbly darnell alone with he football . winter ( v.o. ) this be not gonna get it , goddamnit . int . winter's office , locker room - day winter , mad as hell , be berate he assistant coaches who be sit , cow in he office . winter I see tackle , but I do not see hit . I see effort , but I do not see ferocity . what do you think , they be gonna motivate themselves ? football 's just a game to most of this kid . this be we program , we livelihood . it 's we job to make they care as much about it as we do . make they hate I if you have to . it will bring they together , give they a focus . so get off you butt and put the fear of God in this guy . int . locker room - later afternoon Dead tired player toweling off , dress . the trainer 's room be crowded with aching , cramped - up , contuse player . across the way , lattimer lift weight , alone in the weight room . Clayton and hume consider this from outside winter ' office . clayton shit , lattimer 's a animal all of a sudden . benchin ' 450 . he 's gotta be on something ' . hume what , steroid ? why do you always think my guy be juicin ' ? clayton I do not know ... he 's on the punt team for three year , then gain 35 pound of rip in one summer and a attitude to go with it . winter , who 's hear all this , come by . winter we be not doctor , gentleman . the NCAA have testing program for this . let 's let they worry about it . ( to Clayton ) besides , it 's not that hard to put on 35 pound in a summer , if you really hit the gym . winter walk on into he office . Clayton nod , realize this subject be now close . int . darnell' room - late afternoon darnell walk in , wrung out from the day 's practice , stumble to the bed where he see something that stop he - lie there be he pennsylvania state all american trophy . coach winter actually smashed a replica . a smile appear on darnell 's tired face . int . training table dine room - night for football player only . Bud lite move through the cafeteria line . bud what you get tonight ? cafeteria worker Choice of three entree . shrimp , lasagna , t-bone steak . bud tough choice . I will take all three . cafeteria worker what a surprise . angle on darnell at another table with Alvin and several other black player . lattimer be the only white . darnell when do they give ya the score on that placement test ? lattimer who care ? I flunk it three time , before I get in . alvin Long as you be in the program , they will get you through . maybe not with a degree , but they will keep you eligible . just do not do nothin ' embarrassing they can not cover you for . lattimer Hell , they even give Alvin copy of he test in advance . he sell them for a hundred buck a pop to people in he class . ' course he 's gotta have somebody read them to he . alvin fuck you , doughboy . I can read . see that shoe ? ( point to he shoe ) that say nike . darnell I still do not wanna flunk that test . I wanta get a degree . alvin what do you think , nigger ? you be gonna be on the Supreme Court ? all you need to know be how to sign a n.f.l. contract . darnell 's stung by this . he would like to think of himself as capable of more . suddenly , coach winter appear at the door , a surprise visitor to the training table . all the player wear baseball cap , quickly doff they . winter be angry . winter what 's the matter with you guy ? you be suppose to be a team . win depend on think and act and go to war together . but you do not even eat like a team . you eat like two team . a white one and a black one . what do I have to do ? make out a seating chart ? now get up . move around . mix it up . now ! the player all look at each other , then reluctantly get up and change table . darnell sit next to Joe . darnell ( mock introduction ) hi there . darnell jefferson . I be a young black man . joe hey , glad to meet ya . Joe kane , caucasian . so what doya think a that new garth brook album ? darnell I love that motherfucker . coach winter survey the scene , see that all the table be integrate now . winter that 's more like it . he turn and walk on out . immediately , the player begin to drift back to they old table . int . weight room - night Joe , Bud lite and Bobby Collins , all suffer from various aches and pain be get naperson and analgesic balm out of the non-prescription drug cabinet . Joe pop a nap and look across to the weight room where a stun co -ed camille schaeffer work a knee lift . Camille 's the perfect marriage of Southern patrician beauty and athletic confirmation . Joe leave the other , head over , poke he head in . joe how ya ' doin ' ? camille Fine . joe Little late to be workin ' out , be not it ? camille ( with a little edge ) only time I could get in here when the football team be not usin ' it . joe ( try to get a rise out of she ) well , if it be not for the football team , might not be a weight room to use . you tryin ' to firm up a little , or what ? camille ( unfaze ) do not need to firm up . I be strengthen my knee . have arthroscopic surgery . joe have my knee scope once too . when you be finish here , maybe we could get a yogurt , compare scar . camille sorry , I do not date football player . they be all full of themselves . I see you on the cover of Sports illustrate , so you be probably worse than most . joe that 's real open minded of you . so you will not consider doin ' anything with I ? camille no . joe well at least tell I what happen to you knee . what would you do ? fall outa you convertible ? Camille stop she knee lift , turn to Joe . we think she 's go to fire on he . wrong . camille you know , there 's maybe one thing I would do with you . joe what 's that ? camille tennis . I will play tennis with you . Camille start to walk away . joe tennis . you mean now ? it 's raining . smash CUT to : camille - tennis court - night smash a two - fisted forehand right at we , grunt with the exertion . Joe scramble to get it back , but Camille 's a world - class player . she attack with a vengeance , blast every shot ala Jimmy connor , as Bud lite and Bobby Collins watch , amaze . we begin a series of cut detail Camille 's relentless dismantle of Joe : Camille drilling a backhand down the line , Joe barely get it back to the net . Camille hit a powerhouse service ace , Joe lung and whiffing the return . Camille crush another forehand . Joe crush it back , send it over the fence and into the parking lot . Camille serve again at match point . Joe pop up a weak return . Camille put it away with a powerhouse overhead , the ball almost knock Joe down . he fling he racket against the fence . Camille come to the net to shake hand , but Joe hang back . camille thanks for the game , heisman . you take it really well . and she walk away along to the net . Joe go after she , piss . joe what 's this heisman crap ? Camille 's take aback , not realize she would strike a nerve . joe I do not say anything about be a heisman candidate . I do not go around strokin ' myself about it . so what 's this shit you be givin ' I ? camille I ... I be sorry ... I just figure you be probably kissin ' yourself in the mirror every morning . joe you figure wrong . now Joe walk away and Camille go after he . camille so what do you want , a apology ? I just give you one . joe I want a rematch . camille a rematch ? joe some other sport . I take my beat . you owe I one . either that or we go out . Camille consider , try to figure out what she would dislike least , know it would be cheap to choose neither . camille I will think about it . Camille walk off , disappear through the gate . Joe walk off in the other direction . Bud lite and Bobby follow . bobby Real good date , Joe . remind I to take she out . fade out : fade in : ext . e.s.u. campus - morning open day of school . we take cut of student arrive , football player check out the new girl from atop the wall of the athletic dorm , louanne and Autumn greeting return sister at the sorority , student register for class etc . int . academic advisor's office - morning darnell sit across from william smith , academic advisor . advisor smith darnell , I have review you placement test and I be afraid you fail to meet we entrance requirement in two area . darnell what do that mean ? I can not play football ? advisor smith no . it mean you be go to have to take some remedial class , what we call " zero level " course . specifically math 0 and English 0 . darnell be clearly deflate by this painful indication of he academic stand . advisor smith you will not get college credit for they , but they will help you prepare to take the placement test again at the end of the quarter . if you pass at that time you will be able to officially enter the university and take college level course . you will still be able to take a american History survey course , but it will not count on you record until you pass the placement test . but first thing first . to start , I be approve a tutor for you . darnell a tutor ? I do not need no tutor . advisor smith any tutor . and yes you do . int . athletic department conference room - day a meeting of the football brain trust ; coach winter , athletic director , galen howard , a publicist , sharon braver , and the Sports information director ( s.i.d. ) larry nichol . also present be Joe kane , somewhat discomfite at be the center of all this attention . howard I think both Joe and the university be best serve by a straightforward heisman campaign . nothing too gimmicky . braver we have compile a mailing list of around 1300 opinion maker ; newspaper , football writer , and sport anchor . first we send they a packet on Joe and he achievement . bio , stat , plus human interest stuff ; commitment to academic , charity work , etc . then we update it each week with a postcard . heisman voter hate open envelope . Joe be increasingly uneasy with all this . joe I have not really do any charity work ... braver you be gonna start . we have get some thing line up . nichol unfortunately , because we be not in the top 20 last year , we only have one network t.v. game to give Joe national exposure . although it 's a good one ; Michigan . but we will also be taping all we other game and buy satellite time . that way we can produce we own highlight package and interview piece and send they out to t.v. station all over the country for they sportscast . winter any question , Joe ? if Joe be uneasy before , he 's overwhelm now . he try not to show it . after all , who could turn down a heisman campaign ? still it 's a megaton of pressure . joe ah , no ... I just ... you really think I get a shot to win this ? winter Hell , yes . plus it 's a good thing for the program . publicize the school , give a boost to recruiting , and it 's a great thing for you . jump up you draft position , the size of you first contract , everything . it 's a hell of a opportunity . nichol all you gotta do be back it up on the field , and we have no doubt about that , cause we know " kane be able . " Nichols hold up a black campaign button with the phrase " kane be able " enblazon on it in gold letter . this get a rise out of everyone except Joe , who 's still not sure about all this . int . joe kane's bedroom - late night Joe lie on he bed , stare up at the ceiling , unable to get to sleep . int . camille's bedroom - late night the phone ring . Camille , who 's be asleep , roll over and answer it . camille hello ... on joe joe this be Joe kane . what do you decide ? camille ( still drowsy ) what ? ( look at the clock ) it 's 3:00 in the morning . joe I wanta know what you decide . camille I do not know ... I could not think of any other sport I could beat you at . joe then I will pick you up tonight at 6:00 . he hang up . camille what ? int . campus library - day Autumn sit at a tutorial table , look at she note . she become aware of someone approach . she look up to see darnell . darnell hey , Autumn . autumn hi , darnell . what be you doin here ? darnell my advisor say I need a tutor . ya know , just to get I over a couple rough spot . ( show she a paper ) I see you name on this list . I figure if you could not keep my attention , nobody could . autumn I be sorry , darnell , but I have already be assign . you be gonna have to find somebody else . I be tutoring Scott sherman . darnell not anymore . I ask coach winter to switch we . autumn coach winter would not do that . darnell yeh he would . I be a bigger prospect than sherman . ( point across the way ) he 's a lineman on the scout team . Autumn look back to where darnell be point . sure enough , scott sherman be hard at work with another tutor . Autumn can not believe it . she try to compose herself . darnell sit down across the table from she . darnell c'mon Autumn , you could teach I some real erudition . autumn ( try to whisper , piss ) will you stop use that big word . it sound ridiculous . darnell ( serious about this ) what doya mean ? I be improvin ' myself . I learn a new word out of the dictionary every day . mendacious , pejorative , antithetical , commensurate ... autumn and you do not ever use they right . pretend to be smart be not the same as be educate . or erudite . it 's just a con . and it make you sound stupid , no matter how big a prospect you be . darnell be genuinely hurt by this dose of reality . his customary bravado melt away . darnell o.k... even more reason for you to be my tutor . you already teach I something . Autumn , disarm by he sudden humility , have no real rebuttal . she would have have to tutor he anyway , but now she 's have trouble be angry about it . alvin mack at another table , look distract and bored as he tutor read he history assignment to he . Alvin take out a walkman and put the headphone on . we hear a horn beep . ext . camille's dorm - late afternoon Camille come out the front door , summon by the horn . she stop at the sight of something . we reverse to reveal Joe on he harley . camille we goin ' on that ? joe yeh . I think we might take a ride . camille I promise my dad I would never get on one of that . joe what be you , one of this trust - fund princess ? it 's fine for I to play a game I do not know , but I ask you to try something ' different and you hide behind you daddy . he hold out a motorcycle helmet toward she , dare she . she burn , but she competitiveness make it impossible for she to decline this challenge . camille ( snatching the helmet ) all right . but we go slow . no cowboy stuff . Joe smile and kick the starter . Camille climb on and they roar off . ext . two lane highway - night just outside town . Joe and Camille come down the highway at moderate speed . Camille 's hang on for dear life , but we can tell she 's enjoy it . joe this speed , o.k.? camille yeh , fine . joe good . Joe immediately accelerate , throw Camille 's head back . her shriek be lose in the whine of the engine , as they speed away from camera . camille slow down , damnit . Joe ... Joe ! they approach a high - bank turn , beyond which appear to be a long , sheer dropoff . Joe look back at Camille , smile devilishly , not look where he 's go . Camille see they be head straight for the edge . camille ( freak ) Joe , look out !!! too late . Joe brake , fishtail , but go over the top of the bank , off the edge , fly out into oblivion , Camille scream . CUT to : angle on harley as it plop down onto a wide ledge not visible from the road , three foot below the top of the bank . Joe land it , skid to a professional stop , break into raucous laughter . Camille jump off the bike , scared stiff and livid with anger . camille how could you do that , you stupid punk ? it be not funny , god -dammit , you coulda kill we ! you be crazy , you know that ... joe take it easy . I have do that a hundred time . no big deal . camille oh , yeh ? then why be you shaking ? joe ( embarrassed ) I do not know ... I guess cause I have never do it with someone else on the bike . camille you just want to scare I . be you happy now ? joe yeh , pretty much . and the scream be even better than I think it would be . every dog within hearing distance want to mate with you now . Camille 's ready to throttle he , then something catch she ear . sure enough , there be several dog barking in the distance . Joe smile at she . she look away , still angry , but amused in spite of herself . int . roadside bar - night work class , sawdust floor , George thoroughgood 's " who do you Love " on the jukebox . Camille and Joe be sit in a booth . Joe put away the beer . camille you come here a lot ? joe now and then . why ? camille it 's not exactly a campus favorite . this be almost like hidin ' out . joe I like place where nobody know I . this too low - rent for you ? camille no , my dad own a place like this . joe you dad ? you mean he own a chain of this ? camille not everybody with a Southern accent have they own plantation . my dad could never afford to send I here . I learn to play tennis on public court . mighta be able to play pro someday , if I have not hurt my knee . joe so you be just a scholarship jock like I . camille yeh . you disappointed ? joe no , I have just never be out with a jock before . camille be that what we be doin ' here ? goin ' out ? joe I do not know . what doya think ? Joe get up , take Camille 's hand and pull she to she foot . they dance to a slow song . camille I think you be crazy for jeopardize you scholarship and a pro future by jump motorcycle off of highway . joe just tryin ' to keep my edge , Camille . the other guy look to I cause they think I will do anything . I lose that , I be just another guy , and we all get we ass kick . camille I do not know , Joe . you scare I . int . athletic dorm garage - night Joe roar in on he motorcycle . Parks . start inside . find himself face to face with a very unhappy coach winter . winter hold out he hand . winter the key . Joe hesitates a second , then reluctantly hand over he motorcycle key . winter I tell you , as long as you be in this program , you do not take unnecessary risk off the field . a man in contention for the heisman Trophy should be able to remember that . Joe nod , contrite . winter just walk on off . int . study hall - campus library - day Autumn be tutoring darnell , check she lesson note . autumn o.k. , use the thing we work on yesterday , I want you to write a two or three page essay on some aspect of you life . something other than football . darnell like what ? autumn you father , maybe . you could write about you dad . darnell do not know that much about he . he be off in Detroit workin ' in a car plant when I be bear . get laid off , try to rob a jewelry store to get we some money . he die in prison . some kinda heart problem . Autumn be not ready for this level of hardship . she try to press on gamely . autumn how about you mother ? darnell she be always workin' . usually two job . comin ' home one night she stop to get we some root beer . get catch in a gang crossfire . shot three time ... die on the way to the hospital . you want I to write about that ? autumn ( blow away ) no ... darnell good , ' cause none of it 's true . Autumn jump up . autumn ( raise she voice ) Jesus Christ , darnell what a terrible thing to do to somebody . that 's not funny . that 's sick . Autumn realize she 's in the library and sit back down . darnell have ya goin ' , do not I ? autumn ( soft library voice ) no you do not . you just ... how could you make up something ' like that ? darnell ( contrite now ) sounded more interesting than the truth . my mom take a vacation to Chicago when I be 12 . never come back . do not know who my dad be . Autumn 's anger melt away in the face of this painful truth . autumn who take care of you ? darnell I start hangin ' with the j.b.m. , gang -bangin ' ... do some time in the Hall . reverand wallace see I playin ' football on a juvenile probation team . take I in , get I into high school . only reason they accept I be ' cause I could play football . sorta like here . football save my life . I would be nowhere without football . Autumn just nod , still try to take this all in . autumn well , then ... maybe you could write about football this once . darnell yeh , o.k ... thanks . ( pause ) I have see a lotta shitty thing in my life , Autumn . that 's why I know when I see something ' good . Autumn know this be no line . he mean it . she 's see he with new eye . move by he pain , engage by he sincerity , and more than a little take by he regard for she . on alvin across the room with he tutor . tutor let 's review the chapter I read you yesterday . which two city state fight in the punic Wars ? alvin I dunno . Detroit and buffalo . tutor c'mon , Alvin . you be gonna be test on this . int . football meeting - afternoon a video projector project various football formation on the wall . winter okay , Alvin , this be Mississippi State 's offensive set . 2nd and 2 on we 24 . what defense be you in ? alvin Eagle . Zipper . hero . unless the set back shift into the I . winter good. ( slide change ) how about here ? 3rd and 7 . alvin okie . Thunder . lion . winter what 's you assignment ? alvin kill the quarterback . ( slide change ) hit the tight end so hard he girlfriend die . ( slide change ) kill everybody . music up - montage sequence begins ext . joe' room - evening Joe watch Bud lite , darnell , Alvin and lattimer file in and unveil a life-size cardboard stand - up of Joe 's Sports illustrate cover pose . they whoop it up , as Joe try to muster some enthusiasm . int . study hall - night Autumn 's point out a figure on a graph in darnell 's math book . as she explain , darnell lean close to kiss she . Autumn quickly lean away , glance around to see if anyone see darnell 's attempt . darnell laugh . int . american history classroom - day a group of football player sit in the back of the class . as the history professor lecture at the board , darnell furiously take note . Scott sherman , seize the opportunity , lean forward from the desk behind he and poke the football out of darnell 's leave hand . darnell , Scott and two other freshman football player spring out of they seat , scramble after the loose ball . the prof and the other student watch appal as darnell and the other dive under chair and overturn desk in pursuit of the elusive ball . finally , darnell , wind and dishevel , come up with it . he and the other quickly return to they seat . the prof look at darnell aghast . darnell sorry ... I lose my football . int . raquetball court - day Joe and Camille be lock up in a furious game of raquetball . Joe make a wick kill shot on the last point , and pump a fist in triumph . Camille , piss at lose , throw she racket and stomp around . ext . campus - day darnell and Autumn be have a daytime tutoring session on a secluded patch of lawn . darnell hold he football . as he begin to read aloud from East of eden , Autumn poke the ball out of he hand . they both scramble for it , darnell wind up slightly on top of she . they eye each other a beat . darnell bend down to kiss she . she let herself kiss he for a second , then get up and start to collect she book . int . athletic CENTER - day several of the player be gather around a bulletin board in the hall . the start lineup for the first game have be post . darnell trace he finger from the designation tailback over to the name ray griffen . he drop he eye , obviously disappointed . lattimer , meanwhile , be check the defensive board . he find he name post as a start defensive end . punch the air , he dash out of the building . lattimer yes !! start defense . place at the table . whooo !! yes !! ext . parking lot - day lattimer , in he euphoria , race out into the lot , and begin head - but car window . he break out three in a row , and yell in triumph , he forehead drip blood . winter , walk with the team trainer , have see this from across the street . he know there 's something dark at work here . winter n.c.a.a. be gonna test half the team before the game Saturday . make sure lattimer know about it . music and montage end int . football meeting room - night the chair be arrange in several circle , ten player to a circle , like a bunch of formalize huddle . coach winter address the assembly . winter as the veteran player know , we have pride night every year before we open game . it 's a chance to get to know each other better , share some thought , and bring we closer together as a team . so to start off , I would like each player to tell the other in he group what he like best about football and then what he 's most proud of off the field . I have ask some of the senior to lead it off . gentlemen . angle on lattimer in he circle lattimer I do not know ... it 's the battle . the goin ' to war with the other guy . hangin ' together . int . campus ballroom - game day the team walk through several play . they wear coat and tie , but no sock . they ankle be tape . lattimer ( v.o. ) bein ' different from everybody else . havin ' we own dorm , stayin ' in hotel the night before game . settin ' ourselves apart . int . locker room - game day before the game . a NCAA official give lattimer a little test tube to urinate in for he drug test . lattimer go into one of the restroom stall , reach around to the back of the tank , where a vial of clean urine be tape . he pour it in the test vial . lattimer ( v.o. ) havin ' a chance to be somebody . to do something ' that people look up to you for . you strength and you courage . not everybody can play football . we be the lucky one . int . football meeting room - the night before again darnell the thing I be most proud of myself for ? int . locker room - game day darnell listen to a walkman , be go through a pregame ritual by he locker ; pivote from leg to leg , switch the ball from arm to arm . darnell ( v.o. ) just that I be here . that I be not dead or in jail . int . football meeting room - the night before again joe the great thing about football be you can lose yourself in it . int . locker room - game day Joe sit off in a corner by himself , he head back against the wall , stare out into space , the only movement the rhythmic tapping of he foot . joe ( v.o. ) there 's no time to think , to worry , to have doubt . everything else fade away . you just move and react . int . football meeting room - the night before alvin the best thing be when you dominate . that feel when you hit a guy real good , really stick he , and you hear that little moan . int . locker room - game day Alvin , he ass-kick game face on , walk over to where lattimer be finish decorate he face with indian war paint . they chuck each other 's pad , then lattimer open he mouth . Alvin spit into it . then lattimer spit into alvin' . darnell can not believe this shit . alvin ( v.o. ) you know it 's killin ' he , but you feel great . it 's just he and you , and he 's the one that 's hurtin ' . we move in on the burn ferocity of Alvin 's eye and smash CUT to : int . stadium tunnel - game day the player be bunched together in the tunnel , slapping pad , yell encouragement . winter wave they forward . they start to run down the tunnel . player p.o.v . camera run with the player as the light at the end of the tunnel become larger and brighter . crowd noise become louder until finally the camera emerge into the stadium and the light and 95,000 voice roar . and roar ! and roar ! this be Big time College football . int . radio broadcast booth e.s.u. announcer brad harvey and colorman , harmon sloan be hold forth . harvey welcome everybody to the Wolf de where the e.s.u . timberwolve , lead by heisman candidate Joe kane , open they season against the tough Mississippi State bulldog under head coach Jackie sherrill . ext . the field - day the crowd stand , wave banner , as the e.s.u. kicker come forward and kick the ball high into the fall sky . the MISSISSIPPI state return man field the ball at the four yard line and return it to the 22 where he 's bury . the defense trot out and huddle up . alvin all right , let 's get evil . 60 minute , ball out . let 's open a can of kick - ass . kill them all . let the paramedics sort them out . the Mississippi State offense break it 's huddle , come to the line of scrimmage . Alvin , prowling behind the line , lock eye with the tailback , no.23 . alvin hey , 23 , do not think I do not recognize you , you little fuck . the tailback look away . alvin hey , pay attention when I be talkin ' to you , nigger . you be the guy that shot my mother be not you ? tailback what ? alvin you be tryin ' to steal she fuckin ' car be not you , cocksucker . tailback shut up . I never hear of you mother . on the sideline , darnell be watch this exchange . darnell ( to Joe ) what 's Alvin say to that guy ? joe just gettin ' himself pump up . darnell he be not pump up already ? angle on alvin again alvin ( to tailback ) think I would never find you do not ya ? but I get you now nigger , and I be gonna kill you motherfucker . I be gonna bust you gut open and watch you die . the ball be snap . the quarterback pitch to the tailback as Alvin charge into the hole , scream at the top of he lung . the tailback , eye wide with fear , cut back , away from Alvin , where he 's promptly crunch by lattimer . the ball fly loose , there 's a scramble , Alvin come up with it . e.s.u. ball . angle on the bench and stand erupt as lattimer and Alvin but head and trot off the field . winter Atta baby , Alvin , head up . Big pop , Steve , way to stick them . ( turn to Joe ) o.k. Joe , let 's go up top . take it to them right away . Joe lead the offense on . a disappointed darnell stand on the sideline . joe ( in huddle ) o.k. let 's put the woman and child to bed , and go lookin ' for dinner . do not let they up . 51 Strike , Orange leave . on 4 . Joe begin to howl like a wolf . the other join in . a pack of timberwolve . they break the huddle , come to the line of scrimmage . Bud lite begin to sing . bud lite Bali hi , will call you , anytime , any day . here be I , you special island ... Bud line up opposite a big , black defensive tackle . black tackle shut up , snowflake . you think you be in the school play ? bud lite no , Bali hi , the endzone be call . and the highway run right over you ass . black tackle bullshit , you be gonna be my bitch , baby . you gonna be my punk bitch . bud lite ( sing again ) so long , farewell , auf Wiedersehen , good night , I hate to go and leave this pretty sight . Joe hit the 4 count , and the ball be snap . Bud lite and the Big tackle fire out . Bud drive a forearm into the stomach of the Black tackle , double he over . the Black tackle come back , slamm a forearm up under Bud 's chin , snap he neck back . Joe , meanwhile , fade to pass , pump fake , step up . Bud lite , chicken fight the Black tackle , stick he finger in the tackle 's eye , then cut - block he to the ground . the tackle fall on Bud , and smashes a fist into he rib . Bud roll he over . Joe spot he flanker back , maurice ward , on a flag pattern . loft a perfect spiral to he in the corner of the endzone . touchdown . the crowd go wild , as Bud lite push off the Black tackle 's throat get up from the pile . Joe pump a fist in the air , hug Ward , as the team celebrate . music begins . fade through to : angle on scoreboard it read e.s.u. 28 , Mississippi State 20 . 4th Quarter . winter jefferson ! in for griffen . darnell jazze at he first chance to see action , button he chinstrap , race onto the field . harvey ( v.o. ) 2:05 leave . kane hand to jefferson ... angle on darnell he take a handoff , run a trap up the middle , be hit by three tacklers , claw at the ball . they bring he down , but darnell do not fumble . he get up , still clutching the ball , and start back to the huddle with it . the referee hustle after he . referee Excuse I , son , but we be gonna need that football for another couple minute . darnell , suddenly realize , give it up . even winter have to laugh . we go to : angle on lattimer lattimer , sacking the quarterback , tackle he high , rip he helmet off . lattimer run off the field , hold it up like a trophy . the gun sound , the game be over . angle on coach winter accept congratulation from he staff . winter guess we will be on the payroll for another week . angle on bud lite and the black tackle walk off the field together , both they jersey blood - stain . bud lite good game , man . really enjoy it . black tackle yeh , you be a strong motherfucker . shitty singer though . int . penthouse HOTEL suite - afternoon a reception of some sort for the player be in progress . darnell , look a little lose , fill he cup from a punch bowl . a fat cat alumnus approach he . alumnus good to see ya in there , darnell . Way to hold on to that pigskin . as he walk by , he slip a envelope into darnell 's coat pocket . darnell open it to find a 50 dollar bill . surprise , he go over to Alvin . darnell hey , some guy just give I a 50 dollar bill . alvin do not worry , you will get 5 or 6 hundred once you be startin' , depend on how you play . darnell but we be not suppose to get any be we ? alvin hey , man , you can not live on $ 500 a month scholarship money . and the NC double asshole will not let we have job , so you take you money where you can get it . ( take darnell 's envelope ) I will keep it for you , till you see the light . shit , they oughta be payin ' we anyway . athletic Department get 3 million just for goin ' to a bowl game . int . joe' room - evening Joe sit alone on he bed watch t.v . he 's be interview in the locker room , a bouquet of microphone in he face . reporter ( v.o. ) this performance today -- two touchdown pass , another you run in . where do you think this put you in the heisman race ? Joe hate this question . we go to the screen . joe ( uncomfortable ) I really have no idea . that 's up to you guy . angle on screen the image change to espn anchor CHRIS berman in the studio . berman now let 's turn to we heisman watch . ( do the pose while remain seat ) we begin with Sports illustrate cover boy Joe kane of e.s.u. who lead he team to a impressive victory this afternoon . well , if Joe continue to raise kane , he may well be able to dust off a large space on he trophy shelf . although the real test will come in four week against Michigan and they heisman hopeful , Tim waymen . ext . campus - evening Joe walk across campus , head for Camille 's dorm . berman ( v.o. ) Michigan also win big today . timothy , " he could go all the Way Men " , will be look to do so against the timberwolve . and of course the able kane will be look to also . I can not wait . int . camille's dorm - night Joe come down the hall , knock on Camille 's door . no answer . knock again . nothing . disappointed , he turn and walk away . int . fraternity house - night the post - game victory party be in full swing . all the player , they girl and various groupy , dance , drink , celebrate . Bud lite and Joe stand drink beer , watch the action . bud lite I do not know , I never seem to make out at thing like this . Bobby , who 's overhear this , walk by with louanne . bobby you do not make out anywhere . or do you finally break the snatch barrier this summer ? bud lite fuck you , bobby. ( realize louanne 's there ) Excuse I , louanne . angle on darnell sit across the room with Alvin but he attention be on Autumn and Ray out on the dance floor . Alvin notice . alvin forget it , nigger . no chance for you there . darnell why not ? alvin griffin 's goin ' to medical school . she like that light -skin respectable shit . you be just she ghetto toy . darnell challenge by this , get up and go over to where Ray and Autumn be stand . a slow tune play . darnell ( to Autumn ) can I have this one ? ray I do not think so . darnell what be you so worried about ? you have not lose you start job yet . Autumn realize this could quickly get out of hand . autumn ( turn to Ray ) just one . Ray reluctantly back off . darnell and Autumn start to dance . several player who have pick up on the tension , watch they as they move around the floor . they try to pretend they be just have a nice little chat . autumn ( whisper ) take it easy , darnell . this be not a good time to push thing . you be put I in a awkward position . darnell yeh , well , I get a little encouragement along the way . autumn that kiss ... it be just ... a kiss . darnell bullshit . you mean it . I would not be stand here now , everybody thinkin ' I be a stupid asshole , if I do not know you mean it . I wanna see you , Autumn . not in study hall . not like you student . like somebody to be take seriously . autumn I do take you seriously , darnell , but I be still with Ray . I can not just go paradin ' around town . darnell I do not need to go paradin' . we will go someplace different . someplace nobody will see we . she look at he a long beat . she do not need this complication , this conflict , but she can not say no . autumn God , why be I even consider this ? the song end . Ray move in to reclaim she . ray ( to darnell ) all catch up on you arithmetic ? darnell , piss , give Ray a shove . darnell yeh , you only gain 37 yard on 12 carry . Ray lunge back at he , but quickly several player , lead by Joe and Bud lite , step between they . darnell shrug they off and leave the party . joe ( to Bud lite ) just what we need , a little team unity . Ray take Autumn 's arm , pull she out onto the patio . ray I be gettin ' a little sick of this asshole , Autumn . I do not like you hangin ' out with he . it 's embarrassing . autumn I do not hang out with he . I tutor he . ray then have he get another tutor . autumn I can not do that . I make a commitment to help he pass he qualifying exam . I can not bail out on he now . ray what the hell difference do it make ? they will grease he through no matter what he do . nobody 's ever gonna see he graduation . do not tell I you be fall for this guy . he 's just another gang - banger with speed . autumn I just say I want to help he . what be you more afraid of , lose you girl or you position ? ray maybe you oughta think about what you be in danger of lose . autumn maybe I will . Autumn rip free of he grip , and walk out of the party too . ext . campus - night darnell sit alone on a bench under a old Willow , just stare out at the night . he hear a voice behind he . voice ( v.o. ) so where you wanna go ? he turn . it 's Autumn . int . fraternity house - night the party 's still in full gear . Ray be now chat up a few of the groupy . Joe and Bud lite sit off in a corner . Joe 's knock back several beer . he 's a little tipsy , and lose in think . joe maybe she 's out with some guy . bud who ? Camille ? I do not think she 's the type to screw around on ya . shoot ya , maybe ... joe it would not be screwing around . it 's not like we be go together . Joe 's gaze fall on a sultry brunette , sheri , at a table across the way . she 's eyeing Joe big time . she want he . he stare back at she . she do not blink . ext . campus library - night Camille , carry a armload of book , come down the library step , have be study late . as she head for she dorm , she see Joe and sheri go across the quad ; sheri drape around Joe , nuzzling he . Joe look over , spot Camille , stop ; surprised , embarrassed to see she . they exchange a look . Camille , upset , turn and wheel off . Joe want to say something to she , but can not get it out . on darnell and autumn we do not know where yet , but they seem to be slip and slide , clutching on to each other . autumn you be right , nobody would ever see we here . pull back to reveal int . ice skating rink - night near close time . darnell and Autumn lurch and stumble around the ice , collapse against the board now and then . there be few other skater at this hour . darnell yes , I figure the key be to go place only white people go . next time we will go bowl . Autumn laugh , as the house light start to blink , indicate it 's close time . darnell plus I see this in Rocky . I never believe a guy who be suppose to be a athlete would skate that bad , but now I know . they make they way to a open in the board , stumble over to a bench , begin to unlace . autumn thanks , that be fun , sort of . darnell you be pretty good for the first time . autumn well , it 's not really my first time . my dad take I skate once . darnell he use to play ball for e.s.u. , do not he ? autumn yeah , how would you know that ? darnell I see he picture on the Wall of Fame . you get he eye . luckily , you do not get he thigh . she laugh , look at he a beat , start to come forward to kiss he . he put a finger to she lip . darnell make sure you mean it this time . she hesitates a beat , then come forward again . they fall into a deep kiss . we pull back to longshot . two people alone in the expanse of the ice rink . the light flicker and go out . int . weight room - late night Camille , unable to sleep , enter in she workout clothes . languid , melancholy , she go to the treadmill , as Joe come out of the steam room with nothing but a towel around he waist . both be surprised to see the other . joe what be you doin ' here ? camille could not sleep . joe I be just sweatin ' out some of the beer . Camille just nod . Long , silent pause . joe I do not go home with she . I think about it ... but I do not . camille you drink too much . joe yeh . he turn , start toward the door . camille why do not you ? joe why do not I what ? camille go home with she ? joe I do not know ... I guess I figure maybe there be something ' goin ' on between you and I . Camille hesitates , not sure whether to believe he , then get off the bike and walk toward he . camille then why would you pick she up in the first place ? joe I be drunk ... I need some company . camille ( angry ) company ? yeh , I can see you havin ' a real far-rang discussion with sheri . joe I mean , ya know , physical company ... I be ... I just need to pounce on somebody I guess . Camille , really steam now , snatch the towel from around Joe 's waist , leave he naked . camille why can not you pounce on I ? be not I good enough to pounce on ? Camille snap the towel at he , drive he back . Joe 's totally throw by this reaction in she . joe well , you be more conservative ... classier ... you be not that kinda girl ... she snap the towel again , back he against the training table . camille ( insulted ) how do you know ? you have never sleep with I . she pound on he chest , push he back on the table . camille what make you think she 's such a great ride ? ( climb up on top of he ) I be prettier , my leg be longer ... ( pull down she leotard ) I have get better tit . ( exasperate ) why would you go to she , when you have I ? joe I do not know I have you . camille ( softer , lean close ) well you do . he look at she a beat , then pull she mouth down to he . they fall into a long , white - hot kiss . int . the training room - later that night Joe and Camille be make love passionately , energetically . Camille , still work up , roll up on top . camille ( between kiss ) you shoulda look for I at the library , or do not you ever go there ? joe ( roll back on top ) I go there . I get a 3.2 in political Science . I just do not go there on Saturday night . camille ( roll back on top again ) I have a paper due Monday . what 'de she do ? sit on you lap or just give you the nail - I stare ? joe shut up , Camille . Joe roll back on top , the momentum carry both of they off the table and out of sight . int . huge lecture hall - morning some 100 student be take a history test in blue book . a t.a. , check attendance , walk up to louanne . she 's uneasy as the t.a. check he chart . t.a . what 's you name ? louanne Bobby Collins . t.a. can I see you i.d .? louanne know she 's in deep trouble . int . coach video room - day a high - tech room full of video machine and monitor use to run simultaneous view of different position during the same play . a grim-look group of assistant coaches approach winter as he run through and reprogram the image on the screen . clayton coach , we , ah ... get a problem with Bobby Collins . winter yeh ... clayton he talk ... a friend ... into take a test for he and get catch . they have a new t.a. in there ... winter what 's the penalty ? clayton well , the rule say automatic expulsion for both of they . winter fortunately , we have get friend on the board of regent . I think we can beat this if we really go to bat for he . we get mack off when he turn in that other guy term paper . ( shaking he head ) but what kinda idiot would do something like that ? clayton well , I guess Bobby figure he be gonna flunk ... winter I do not mean Bobby . I mean what kinda guy would be dumb enough to take a test for he ? clayton uh , well ... it be not a guy . winter a girl ? typical Collins . he must have bang she until she could not think straight . who be it ? clayton ( barely able to get it out ) it be ... louanne . winter ' face go dead . int . coach winter ' den - day winter , enraged , be venting he spleen at louanne . winter Jesus , louanne , how could you be so stupid ? louanne I ... he be behind , he need help . I be sorry . I just ... winter sorry ! you be sorry ! you have destroy my credibility at the University , my authority with the player ... Christ , it look like I be run a dirty program . and Collins of all people ! what the hell 's the matter with you , louanne ? louanne ( cry ) I do not know ... I think he ... love I ... winter love you ? he love anything that wink back , the little rat bastard . and what be you gonna do for school now ? I use my influence to get you back in , it will stink to high hell . the press will crucify I . louanne I will get in someplace . winter God , louanne , I tell you to stay away from my player . that be my cardinal rule , stay away from the damn player ... louanne they have always be good enough for you . good enough to devote you life to . why be not they good enough for I ? or be they too good ? winter you be change the subject , louanne . we be talkin ' about you breakin ' the rule . louanne do not you ever break the rule just a little ? do not you tell I once that 90 per cent of the school obey the NCAA rule , and the other 10 per cent go to bowl game ? be that just a joke ? she get up and walk out of the room . winter close he eye and slump down on the couch . int . study hall - night darnell sit at he table wait for Autumn . Autumn storm in , obviously upset about something . she slap a correct test down in front of he . autumn you see this ? you get a D on you math test . darnell yeh , I kinda figure that . I have some trouble on this last part ... autumn we go over that last week , darnell . what be this time we spend in here ? just a joke to you ? I do not even think you have be listen to I . darnell I have be listen to you , baby ... autumn do not call I baby . I think you want to learn . but if all you wanta do be fake you way through , then get another tutor to waste time with . darnell c'mon , Autumn , we just have a good time , and now you be gettin ' all nut behind this . it 's just one test . autumn so far , it 's the only test . I want you to study this whole chapter . by yourself , without I here . when I come back , we will discuss it . be ready to do problem base on it . darnell whatever you say , teach . ( big grin ) I do not wish to be cast in a pejorative light , so I be dedicate myself to achieve on a level more commensurate with my ability . she shake she head and walk away . darnell 's grin fade . he look at he test , a hint of tear in he eye . he 's embarrassed and deeply worried . int . football locker room - day the player be dress for Monday practice , but it 's strangely subdued . Bobby Collins open he locker to find a bullet -riddle practice jersey hang inside . immediately the rest of the player burst into raucous laughter . bud lite coach would probably shoot ya lower . suddenly the room go silent . stand in the doorway be coach winter . he say nothing , look around the room , the player avoid he gaze . his eye come to rest on Bobby . Bobby try to hide the shirt , but winter have see . winter just stare at Bobby a beat , then . winter you all play a fine game on Saturday . take the day off . with that , he turn and walk out the door . the player remain silent . Bobby throw the shirt in the trash . int . louanne's sorority house - day winter walk in the front door , past the desk , up the stair and down the hall to he daughter 's room . she 's pack she thing . he go over to she , take she in he arm and hug she tight . neither speak . a tear roll down louanne 's cheek . Hit the floor . ext . hall of athletic build - day a very nervous Bobby Collins come down the hall and knock on coach Winter 's door . winter c'mon in , Collins . int . coach winter's office Bobby enter and stand across from winter ' desk . winter do not invite he to sit . bobby listen , coach , I just want you to know I be really sorry about this whole thing with louanne . I be real glad to hear she 's gonna be goin ' to junior college here ... winter ( cut he off ) shut up . Bobby do . instantly . winter I could easily take you case to the board of regent . you have have no prior infraction and I could argue that you be under abnormal pressure . ( pause ) but I will not . you embarrassed I , you embarrassed my family , you embarrassed the program . as of now , you be no longer a member of this university or it 's football team . clean out you locker . Bobby just stand there a beat , in confusion and disbelief . there be no waver , no sympathy in winter ' eye . finally , daze and disorient , Bobby turn and walk out . ext . e.s.u. campus library - day Joe be pose in front of the school library , one of it 's more photogenic building . t.v. sportscaster lynn swann and he video crew wait to interview he as a makeup girl finish apply makeup to Joe 's face . publicist Sharon braver watch like a hawk . swann ( to he cameraman ) we ready , Jerry ? o.k. , let 's mark it . a assistant mark the take , and swann turn to Joe . swann Joe , this game be be bill as a potential " heisman shootout " . do you feel any add pressure this week ... ext . practice field - day a phalanx of photographer crowd around , snap away as Joe go through pass drill . swann ( v.o. ) ... know that you be go head to head with heisman rival , Tim waymen ? ext . campus library - day , the present again joe well , ya know , you try to block it out , but it 's basically impossible ... everybody seem to be talkin ' about it , all the newspaper , the interview ... int . t.v. studio - night Joe be be interview by dallas perry on a local television show . joe ( v.o. ) the hype on t.v. , tryin ' to get something ' goin ... ext . campus library - the present again Sharon braver step directly in front of the video camera , wave off the take . braver hold it ! hold it ! swann what ?! what 's the problem ? braver take Joe aside , talk to he confidentially . braver what you be say be true , of course , but I do not think it 's the message you want to send . int . pizza parlor - night Joe and Camille be share a pizza , but not alone . a video spotlight shine on they , as yet another crew roll tape . braver ( v.o . ) it make you seem a little nervous . like the pressure might be get to you . ext . campus library - the present again braver this game be nationally televise , so most heisman voter will be watch . I think a more casual approach be better . modest , control , casual . Joe nod and head back in front of the camera . swann ( to braver , irritate ) we all set now ? ( get a nod ) let 's mark it . ( the take be mark ) Joe , this game be be bill as a potential " heisman shootout . " ext . e.s.u. quad - night a huge bonfire burn , as a large segment of the student body have gather in front of the timberwolf statue . the cheerleader , all wear " kane be able " button , whip the crowd up , as Joe be introduce on the podium . swann ( v.o. ) do you feel any add pressure this week , know that you be go head to head with heisman rival , Tim waymen ? the cheerleader begin to chant , " let 's go , Joe . " on " Joe " , they assume the heisman trophy pose . Joe seem slightly embarrassed by it all . ext . campus library - the present again joe no , I do not really think too much about that kinda thing . swann shoot braver a poisonous look . ext . embankment - night Joe and Camille sit on a bank look down at the railroad track below . neither say anything . Joe seem strangely preoccupy . Camille decide to break the silence . camille you parent comin ' to the game tomorrow ? joe my mom 's dead . my dad have never see I play . camille why not ? joe guess he 's not that interested in football . camille but you be one of the best player in the country . joe ( snap ) he 's just not into it , o.k .? camille ( chastise ) o.k. ( silence ) what 's goin ' on , Joe ? you ask I out here , like you wanta talk about somethin' , then you do not say anything . you worried about tomorrow ? joe no ... I be worried about the day after that . I just . I do not know ... I feel like tomorrow 's gonna be my last game . I want to stay up , make the time go slow . camille why would it be you last game ? you afraid of get hurt ? joe no , that would be a relief . then , at least , I would not be a failure . camille Joe , why be you think like this ? why would you be a failure ? you be have a great year , you be a heisman Trophy candidate , you get million of dollar wait for you in the pro . joe ( testy ) how do you know what 's wait for I ? you do not know I at all . camille ( hurt ) I do not know you ? how can you say that ? joe because you would not be here now if you do . you only know the guy that 's suppose to make million in the pro . camille be that what you think ? that I be with you for the money ? joe why else ? infuriate , she slap he across the face . camille fuck you , joe. ( start to cry ) I do not give a shit about you money . I do not even give a shit about football . and you know what ? maybe you be right , maybe I do not know you . she turn and storm away up the hill , as we hear a train whistle . Joe watch she go , then start down the hill toward the track as the train come into view . Camille stop , turn back , see Joe head for the track , start to worry . Joe reach the grade and step into the middle of the track face the oncoming train . horrify , Camille run down the embankment toward he . camille Joe ! Joe ! my god , Joe , what be you do ? no! no ! as the train approach , it 's horn blaring , Joe lie face down on the track , he hand grip the railroad tie . Camille arrive at the bottom of the hill in time to see the train race over he . she fall to she knee scream . under the train , we see Joe desperately hugging the ground , head down , toe dig in , hand clutching the tie . it 's like a tornado under there , dirt debris fly everywhere , he clothes flap wildly . the train pass . Camille look up , afraid to breath as Joe lie motionless on the track . suddenly he stir , push himself up to he knee . she let out a scream of joy , race toward he , as he get to he foot , stumble off the grade . she hug he to she , tear stream down she face , help he over to the embankment . camille God Joe , oh god , be you allright ? joe ( drain ) yeh , just get some dirt in my tooth . guess you have really see the dark side now , huh ? you should have get out while you have the chance . before it all go to hell . camille I do not wanta get out , damnit . what 's wrong Joe ? why would it all go to hell ? joe I be a kane , Camille . that 's all it take . we be cut out to be drunk and fuck -up . we never live up to expectation . it 's in we blood . my dad , brother , uncle -- we all drink and sooner or later we all fuck up . my dad go the longest . wait till he be playin ' triple a ball , before he hit the wall . sometimes I feel like I be just wait for my turn . the better I do , the closer it get . camille you be not like they , you can beat all that . you can stop drink , you can break the chain . joe if I give up that , I would not be much of a football player . and if I be not a football player , what would I be ? the question hang in the air . camille you 'de still be Joe . and I would still love you . he pull she to he , kiss she hair , they slump against each other . joe just do not say I never warn you . ext . wolf den stadium - day steve zabriskie and bo schembeckler in the foreground , the jamme to capacity stadium in the background . this shot be go out on nationwide t.v. , the college game of the week . zabriskie 4:29 to go and it 's be a great one . two undefeate team goin ' after each other . Michigan up by four , 24 - 20 , but the lead have change hand three time , and you get the feel that whoever have the ball last be gonna win it . angle on field Joe bring the offense to the line of scrimmage . yell signal . schembeckler ( v.o. ) well , it be bill as a heisman shootout , and it 's be all of that . both waymen and kane move they team up and down the field , have big day . Joe fade to pass , look right , look leave , can not find a receiver , decide to run for it . he sprint up the middle , 15 , 10 ; a safety come at he at the 5 . we see Joe 's p.o.v. through helmetcam . he push the lung safety away , turn back just in time to be blast by the other safety he never see . Joe be knock down , over the goal line and out cold . the crowd go wild . zabriskie ( v.o. ) kane back to pass , can not find anybody , gonna run it himself , ten , five , hit at the goal - line ... touchdown e.s.u .!! great run by kane ! Joe lie motionless as he teamate run over to he . schembeckler ( v.o. ) he 's still down . look like he 's hurt . we go to winter , worried on the sideline , as the celebration around he begin to die down . angle on joe as he 's carry off the field , he arm around two linemen 's shoulder , and lower onto the bench . we go to a blurry image of a man 's face wave something . we reverse to reveal a doctor wave smell salt under Joe 's nose . Joe begin to come around . the doctor hold up two finger . doctor how many finger be I hold up ? joe four . ext . the field - day Michigan come to the line of scrimmage . as Tim waymen get under center , Alvin begin to yell at he . alvin hey , powderpuff . you be the white boy that ratted my brother out . send he to jail , cocksucker . ran off with the fuckin ' money . Left the blood to do the time , huh ? waymen begin to call signal . alvin yeh , you be the little bastard . account of you , my bros ' datin ' he cell mate . you hear I , powderpuff ? gonna make you pay . you gonna be my cellmate now . you gonna have 250 lb . of piss - off nigger up you ass . zabriskie ( v.o. ) e.s.u. in a eight - man line look for the run on third and short . the ball be snap . waymen fake a handoff to he fullback , hide the ball on he hip , fade to pass . on the sideline , coach winter yell , " pass ! pass ! " Alvin 's not fool by the run , he shake he blocker and take dead aim on waymen . just as waymen release the ball , Alvin blast he , drive he into the turf . zabriskie ( v.o. ) waymen fake to simm , mack on the blitz , waymen be goin for it all ! hit as he throw . the ball , however , fly through the air , a perfect spiral . the e.s.u. secondary have be fool by the play fake and be a step behind . the ball come down in the hand of the Michigan tight end , jerry hunt . zabriskie ( v.o. ) hunt have get a step . he 's get it ! touchdown ! winter slam he headphone to the ground . schembeckler ( v.o. ) great clutch throw under pressure . can not do it much better than that . angle on joe the Doctor examine Joe , shine a light in he eye , make he track he finger , etc . doctor you be vision 's back to normal . winter you think you can go ? joe yeh , I be fine . just a little headache . ( get up , shouting to he teamate ) o.k . offense , let 's get it back . Alvin , meanwhile , plop down on the bench in disgust . alvin damn tough to scare that little white boy . either he momma drop he on he head , or the motherfucker be deaf . coach winter go to darnell . winter jefferson , in for griffen . griffen slam he helmet to the ground . ext . field - day Joe break the huddle as the e.s.u. offense come to the line . zabriskie ( v.o. ) Ball on the Michigan 47 , 1:02 to go , kane bring them to the line of scrimmage . Joe fade to pass once again , let the rush come , then flare out a screen pass to darnell . darnell grab it and take off , slip tackle , cut back , juking . darnell finally run out of bound at the twenty . zabriskie ( v.o. ) great run by jefferson , the highly - tout freshman , the longest of the day for the wolf . and this one be turn out to be everything we think it would be . angle on darnell come back to the huddle , pump up . Joe kneel in the center . joe o.k. , time to put the woman and child to bed , and go look for dinner . he begin to howl , as do all the other . the call of the Wild . joe 82 Strike , Eagle , Crown , on 2. they clap hand , come to the line . Joe look over the defense , bend under center and bark signal , the ball be snap . action go to slow motion . Joe fake to darnell , fade to pass . the Michigan cornerback come on a blitz , lock on Joe . Joe start to roll , but know the corner will catch he . on the run , he launch the ball toward darnell . darnell open he hand to receive it , but at the last second , the Michigan safety step in front and intercept it . zabriskie ( v.o. ) kane look for jefferson . it 's ... intercepted ! intercepted by Freeman ! and that should do it . Joe sink to he knee in frustration . the blit cornerback do a quick pit-pat on Joe 's helmet . winter look like he 's be punch . as Michigan and Tim waymen celebrate on the sideline , we go to : int . broadcast booth - afternoon Steve Zabriskie be do the wrap - up , the empty stadium behind he . zabriskie well , it be everything we expect it to be . Fine performance on both side of the field . int . e.s.u. locker room - afternoon player undress and shower in relative silence . no joy here . zabriskie ( v.o. ) the edge in the much ballyhoo battle of the quarterback would probably have to go to Michigan 's Tim waymen who throw for 2 touchdown , and run for another . Joe kane account for three e.s.u. touchdown , but have that crucial interception in the wane moment . and that prove to be the difference . the door of the locker room open , and a flood of reporter enter . Joe hide back in the shower , lean he forehead against the wall , the water coursing over he . ext . tunnel beneath stadium - late afternoon darnell come out of the locker room , have shower and dress . he 's surprised to see Autumn and she father talk to coach hume . darnell hey , Autumn . autumn hi , darnell . darnell be this you dad ? autumn yes ... darnell how do you do , Mr. Haley . I be darnell jefferson . mr. haley jefferson ? Nice run you make on that screen pass . another block and you might have score . darnell thank you . we will get them next year . mr. haley how do you and Autumn know each other ? you a friend of ray' ? darnell be jolted by this question . it 's obvious that Autumn have never tell she dad about he . autumn ( fill the void ) ah , I tutor he ... mr. haley oh really ? in what ? darnell would like to crawl under a rock . darnell math and English . mr. haley ah. there 's a slight tone of condescension in Mr. Haley 's voice . he realize darnell have not pass he entrance exam . this be not lose on darnell . mr. haley well , stay on top of that , darnell . I would have be in real trouble if I have not get my degree . I play ball once . hurt my knee . darnell yeh , I know ... mr. haley I use to put a copy of my report card inside the webbing of my helmet to remind I that college be more important than football . darnell ( force enthusiasm ) good idea . well , I gotta get goin ' . Nice to meet you Mr. Haley . mr. haley Nice to meet you , darnell . darnell see you around , Autumn . before Autumn can respond , Ray griffen approach from the other direction . ray hey , Mr. Haley . good to see you . mr. haley hey , Ray . you still havin ' dinner with we tonight ? darnell embarrassed and humiliate , hear all this as he walk away . Autumn want to go explain , but can not in front of she father . int . frat house - night the post - game party . not as raucous as after the open game victory . a few player be dance , but most be sit , drink , commiserate . bud lite ( to Alvin ) anybody see Joe ? alvin not yet . probably out with Camille . have not see darnell either . int . upstair bedroom - night lattimer 's sit on the bed with a coed name leslie . they be kissing softly , light neck . lattimer start to unbutton she blouse . she begin to demur . leslie I think we better get back downstairs . lattimer no , Leslie , we be just get to know each other . leslie ( start to get up ) no , I think ... lattimer grab she arm roughly , pull she back to the bed . she 's start to get a little scared . lattimer c'mon Leslie , you do not come up here to stop now . he try to kiss she again , she push he away , start for the door . angere , that steroid pump in he eye , he grab she again , throw she violently on the bed . she scream . lattimer what be you doin ' ? leadin ' I on ? he get on the bed , kneel above she . she start to struggle . he slap she across the face , rip she blouse open . freak , she begin to scream and kick . enrage , lattimer slap she around , pick she up , shake she like a rag doll , slap she some more , throw she to the floor . pick she up again , when suddenly the door burst OPEN and Bud lite and Alvin race in . lattimer ( throw Leslie on the bed again ) get outa here ! Bud lite and Alvin charge lattimer , try to wrestle he down , but he hormone level be so high , he fight like a bull . two other player charge in and finally all four be able to shackle lattimer . he continue to struggle a bit , then give up , a panting , sweat , shaking hulk . bud this be it , man . no more 'roid . this shit have gotta stop . lattimer break down and cry . int . joe' room - night Joe lie on he bed , a bottle of vodka next to he coca-cola . he stare at the larger than life cardboard stand - up of himself . he take a drink , then get up and grab he jacket . the phone ring . he look at it a beat , then walk out of the room . int . camille's room - night Camille 's on the phone , wait , the one call Joe . she listen a few more ring , hang up , concerned . int . winter high - tech video room - night winter sit at the main console replaying the game - end interception over and over . the phone ring . winter hello , yeh ... what ?! int . winter athletic office - night the rest of the locker room be dark except for the light on in winter ' office . all the assistant coaches be there . clayton it look like this will blow over . the girl 's father be a big booster , contribute a lotta money . so he say they will not go to the press . winter he say that ? the father ? clayton yeh , he 's not exactly happy about all this , but he do not wanta hurt the program . winter we be still gonna have to suspend lattimer . hume what for ? there be not any charge . nobody outside the program know about this . winter he 's outa control , lyle . we can not ignore this anymore . I do not know what piss I off more -- that he 's juicin ' or that he 's doin ' such a shitty job of hidin ' it . hume he 's never test positive . if we suspend he without proof , he could sue we for jeopardize he draft status , he pro career . winter yeh , but we can not sit and wait till he kill somebody . I hate to lose he as much as you do , but we gotta clean he up before he do something ' that land the whole program on probation . plus , we have to take some action or the girl 's dad be gonna start havin ' second thought . I do not care how many check he 's write . clayton so what do we do ? all eye go to winter . winter bring he down here . int . coach winter locker room office - 20 minute later Close on a contrite , but shake Steve lattimer . lattimer Three game ? why so many ? winter you oughta be grateful I do not suspend you for the whole year . lattimer nod , he know it 's true . lattimer what be you gonna give as the reason ? winter we will say you have get a hamstring pull . lattimer ( relieved ) thank you , coach . winter do not thank I . during that three week , you better kick the roid , cause when you come back I be gonna personally test you before every game . no n.c.a.a. shit either . I be gonna watch the piss go into the bottle . you get that ? lattimer ( barely audible , shame ) yes , sir . winter start practice you limp . int . local bar - night not the 911 we see earlier . Joe sit at a table in the back , with darnell , drink tequila with a beer chaser . both be down in the dump . at a nearby table there 's a group of townies and they girlfriend . joe coupla real college heroes , huh ? tearin ' up the town . darnell first time I ever lose a girl and a game on the same day . guess I never really have the girl . Joe look up to see one of the towny ' girl , debbie , give he the once over and a little smile . Joe smile back , not really interested . Debbie 's boyfriend notice . boyfriend you know that guy ? debbi not really ... boyfriend then why you smilin ' at he ? debbi I do not know ... he look like that e.s.u. quarterback guy . Joe , what 's he name ? boyfriend so what ? so you go and smile at he ? the boyfriend , drunk and look for trouble , go over to Joe 's table . boyfriend you be lookin ' at my girlfriend ? joe ( a little drunk himself ) I do not know . which one be she ? boyfriend Wise guy , huh ? Mr. bigtime quarterback . the one who choke he ass off today . you get nothin ' better to do then look at my girlfriend ? Joe say nothing . boyfriend hey , heisman , I be talkin ' to you . you too good to talk to I ? joe I be not even interested in talkin ' to you . boyfriend you think you be a bad ass ? you think my girl 's hot for you ? take you pad off , you be just another pussy . Joe get up to go . the boyfriend grab he , Joe push he away . the guy charge Joe . the bar owner rush to the phone as a full scale brawl begin . Joe take a blow , knock the boyfriend back into a table , knock beer bottle to the floor . the boyfriend fall on one , open a deep gash in he shoulder . darnell ( grab he ) C 'mon we gotta get outa here . ext . highway - night a speed car go by we , weaving , crossing the yellow line on the curve . int . speed car - night Joe 's drive , darnell 's hold on . suddenly we hear siren . Joe see flash light in the rear-view mirror . joe oh shit ... int . coach winter ' house - late night winter be asleep . the phone ring . he pick it up . winter what be it now ?... oh Jesus ... int . coach winter ' stadium office - day Joe sit across the desk from winter , just the two of they . joe the guy go for I first . what be I suppose to do ? winter do not make any difference . it make the papers , all the wire service . the guy have to go to the hospital . worst of all they get you on drunk drive . you have a blood alcohol level .50 above the legal limit . we can not smooth that over , Joe . it would look like we be sprayin ' pledge on bird shit . we have to agree to send you to rehab . joe rehab ? I will be a god-damn joke . you can not do this to I . winter it be the only way we could get they to drop the assault and d.w.i . you go to trial on that , we lose you for a year , and risk NCAA investigation . c'mon , lotsa athlete have be through rehab . joe not in the middle of the season . not in the middle of a heisman campaign . winter you will only miss four game . you will be back in time for the last one , Georgia tech , and a bowl if we get there . plus , you have still get you senior year . joe yeh , but what will I come back as ? what kinda player ? winter do not worry , you will still be the man . you will still be the leader of this team . Joe do not believe it , but he manage a nod , as he get up to leave . joe I be sorry , coach . winter this thing happen . Joe walk on out , winter watch he go , then slam the desk in anger . drain , he sink back in he chair . winter fuckin ' kid . ext . campus - day darnell 's walk across campus toward class . Autumn see he , call out to he . autumn darnell , wait . c'mon darnell , I wanta talk to you . darnell do not slow up . Autumn have to run to catch up . autumn where you be , I be callin ' you ? darnell be busy . autumn darnell , I be sorry about Saturday . it be a awkward situation . darnell it be not awkward . it be educational . I realize how you see I . I be good enough to tutor , to go place with , but not to tell you father about . autumn that 's not it . it 's just that my father expect I to be with somebody like Ray . he would not understand we . darnell ( stop ) why not ? autumn I do not know ... he like Ray cause ... darnell he 's a good student , he act right ... he do not need football . he 's class and I be not , right ? autumn I do not say that . darnell you do not have to , Autumn . I be everything you dad use to be and do not want you fallin ' back into . autumn darnell ... darnell you be right before , Autumn . I should have another tutor . thanks for everything you do for I . darnell walk away . Autumn can only watch he go . int . joe' room - day Joe finish pack he bag . he see a picture of Camille on the dresser . pick it up , look at it a beat , drop it in the trash . he carry he heisman cardboard standup into the shower , pull out a match and light it . he watch it catch fire , then grab he suitcase and walk out of the room . we hold on the burn standup , as flame lick at Joe 's smile . int . rehab CENTER - afternoon Joe be show into he room . bare . one cot . one dresser . he drop he bag , sag onto the bed . alvin ( v.o. ) four fuckin ' week ? int . locker room - day a tired and depressed group of e.s.u. football player undress after practice . Bud and Alvin sit in they pad , lattimer stand in street clothes . Bud softly sing " do not Cry for I Argentina . " alvin shit , the defense be gonna have to pitch shutout now ... ( to lattimer ) and you be go for 3 . what the hell do you take that shit for ? lattimer nobody seem to mind when I be knockin ' people 's dick in the dirt . alvin I bust chop too . I do not have to get all fuck up . lattimer not everybody have the ability you do , Alvin . you do what you have to do to play . alvin well , you be not playin ' much now be you ? shit , whole fuckin ' season down the drain . ext . wolf den stadium - day winter and Galen Howard be walk across the field after practice . the stadium be desert . howard I be talkin ' to chancellor Wilson ... winter what 's he wanta do now , cut practice down to once a week ? howard no , he 's happy with the way the season 's go so far . the alumni have pretty much stay off he back , but with Joe out now , it could all be up for grab again . winter he think he 's gonna have trouble marchin ' the ball down the old fund - raisin ' board , huh ? howard the fact be , all we have leave be freshman quarterback , and nothin ' I see at practice today , convinced I that any of they be ready to step in . winter what be you sayin ? howard we gotta get Bobby Collins back . winter Wilson say that ? howard he do not have to . winter forget it , Galen , Collins be no all- Star either . howard yeh , but he 's good enough to get we a split of the next four game . winter look , just because you be Wilson 's boy all of a sudden , do not mean I be gonna let he make I look like a fuckin ' whore . howard do not give I that high and mighty shit . there 's a lotta people on the bubble here . four straight lose and we be out of bowl contention . how 's that gonna make you look ? if you be too stupid to consider you own situation , then maybe you oughta think about you assistant coaches . they have get family to feed too . Howard walk away , piss off , leave winter alone in the middle of the field . int . board of regent hearing room - day the seven member of the board of regent sit on one side of a long rectangular table , the Chairman in the middle . on the other side be coach winter , Bobby Collins , the President of the faculty Senate , edward learnihan , academic advisor , arthur shane , President of the Student body , richard fowler , and Galen Howard . fowler be address the board . fowler therefore , I respectfully submit that Bobby Collins should not be give special treatment just because he 's a football player . would a regular student get a reinstatement hearing if they 'de be catch cheating ? nobody 's talk about let the girl who take the test back in . winter could kill this kid . learnihan I think it 's also instructive to look at some of the course this young man have take . beginning golf , Voice and speech improvement ... shane I would like to point out that Mr. Collins be still on schedule to get he degree . learnihan ( point to collin 's transcript ) in what , swim Pool management ? chairman would you like to respond , coach winter ? winter rise , sweat , less from nervousness than from the odious nature of what he have to do . winter I do not know much about all this other stuff , but I do know the punishment should fit the crime . cheate 's bad , but I do not think it deserve a life sentence . here 's one of that athlete who take college level course , who want to graduate . I think Bobby Collins make a big mistake , but he 's already be suspend for several week . he 's serve he time . I think he deserve a second chance . learnihan like Alvin mack ? we give he a second chance and since he 's have 5 incomplete , 4 withdrawals and still read at a fourth grade level . you be use he body to make money for the athletic Department -- you , yourself , be make three time what the chancellor be -- but obviously no one be make a effort to see that this kid get a education . winter he 's helpin ' to pay for you physics lab too . if you be willin ' to go without a new office , maybe I could hold he out a few game . save he body . chairman gentlemen ... shane Alvin be way behind in school when he get here . you can not make up for , in four year , what it take 18 to create . learnihan then he should never have be admit in the first place . it 's not fair to other student who work hard to get here . howard be it fair to exclude kid who come from inferior school ? you hold everybody to the same standard , you be discriminate against the poor kid . winter most of my player be farm boy , inner-city kid . football be they deliverance . learnihan deliverance from what ? a valid education ? winter you throw Bobby Collins and Alvin out , you take away they future . in Alvin 's case you probably cost he a couple million dollar in the pro . learnihan but this be not a football vocational school . it 's a Institute of Higher learn . winter yeh , but when be the last time 80,000 people show up to watch a kid do a chemistry experiment ? chairman gentlemen , please , let 's get back to the business at hand , Bobby Collins . as you know , I play football here . and I remember how hard it be to practice and then study when you be dead tired . so I have some sympathy for this young man . but I never cheat , so the real question be he character . since you know he better than anyone else in this room ; and have talk to he and observe he over the last several week , do you feel he 's learn he lesson ? in other word , can you vouch for he character ? winter would rather cut off he own head with a razor blade . winter ( it 's kill he ) yes , sir , I can . Bobby Collins break into a wide , triumphant smile . ext . administration build - day learnihan and winter come down the step , they face set . as they split off : learnihan another case like this , I will take it all the way up to the Governor . winter do not mess with I , learnihan . I will have you teachin' Study Hall . int . locker room - day Bobby Collins walk in prior to practice . his teammate gather round , slap he on the back , high five etc . winter watch from he office , disgust . int . coach winter's office - night coach winter be in he video alcove watch footage of he upcoming opponent -- it 's like he 's look through it though , he mind elsewhere , something boil up inside he . suddenly , he smashes he fist into the screen , break it into piece . his hand bleed . he do not care . he just sit there and seethes . int . camille's room - day Camille 's on the phone . camille hello , my name be Camille schaeffer . I would like to speak to Joe kane . int . joe' room in rehab CENTER - day Joe be aimlessly flipping card toward a wastebasket . a nurse knock on he door . nurse you have get a phone call . a Camille schaeffer . Joe say nothing , not want to deal with this . nurse she say she 's you girlfriend joe I do not want to talk to she . nurse you sure ? joe yeh . the nurse leave . Joe get up , go to the wall , and start pound it with he right hand . int . camille's room - day nurse ( v.o. ) I be sorry , he do not wish to speak to you right now . crushed and angry , Camille hang up . int . athletic dorm hall - day Bud lite be watch television . louanne enter on she way to Bobby Collins ' room , carry a armload of neatly - press laundry . but lite get up to bar she way . bud hey , louanne , how ya ' doin ? louanne Fine , Bud , ya know . goin to j.c. , hopin ' to get back in here next year . just come by to give Bobby some laundry I do for he . bud you two seein ' each other again ? louanne yeh , he be even talk about we gettin ' a place off campus together , until he get reinstate . I do not know how I woulda tell my dad . Bud just nod blankly . louanne start to head for Bobby 's room . bud ah , louanne ... ( pain to say it ) I would not go in there right now . louanne why not ? Bud do not have the heart to tell she . she finally realize Bobby 's with another girl . louanne ah. guess I be pretty stupid when it come to man . I never learn , do I ? bud I think maybe man be just stupid when it come to you . if you ever feel like , ya know , just talkin ' sometime , gettin ' a beer -- let I know . my schedule 's pretty open . louanne thanks , Bud ( hand he the clothes ) give he this , will ya ? Bud nod . louanne , fight back tear , walk back down the hall with as much dignity as she can muster . int . joe' rehab CENTER - day winter come to the door , hesitates , walk in and find Joe huddle on he bed . shiver . winter get up . I wanta talk to you . Joe look resentful but make a effort and sit up . winter do not sit up . stand up . if you can . Joe get unsteadily to he foot . he feel sick . winter reach out to shake hand . Joe do not reciprocate . hide he right hand behind he body . winter what 's the matter , Joe ? you will not shake hand with I . ( Joe be silent ) you do not want I to see you hand , do you ? ( more silence ) so I guess what I hear be true , huh ? you be poundin ' the wall with you passin ' hand , right ? ( silence ) I tell you what , Joe , you want to hit somethin' , hit I . Joe do not move . winter I say hit I . I be the one who put you in here . do not hit the damn wall . it be not the wall 's fault . hit I ! go on , hit I right now ! Joe be angry but he do not want to do anything about it . winter who else you wanta hit , huh ? you be daddy maybe ? Cause he 's a no-show prick ? well , I be a daddy , too , and not a very good one at that . so just hit I instead ! I will take you daddy 's beatin ' for he . go on , you want to . hit I , damnit ! Joe shake he head . winter ( push Joe in the chest ) hit I ! I be not gonna leave you alone until you hit I . ( shake Joe by shoulder ) the guy will thank you . they have always want to do it . so do it now , damnit ! do it ! Joe sink to he knee . winter stare down at he , then kneel also , he own anger and frustration drain away . winter o.k. , Joe , it 's o.k . I guess I need it more than you do . ( pause ) you gotta quit beatin ' up on yourself . let I see that hand . Joe reveal he hand . it 's bark and cut , but not badly swollen . winter it 's o.k. ( playfully ) you can still throw with it , you fuckin ' mook . ( pause ) look , the nurse say this be the toughest time for you right now . I think I would stick around a little , case you wanta play some card , pick a fight with the wall again , whatever ... joe you do not have to . winter yes I do . int . steve lattimer be room - night lattimer fill a bag with all he steroid paraphernalia . he carry it to he bathroom where he slowly empty it into he toilet . syringe , vial and bottle of pill all tumble into the water . he flush . dissolve to : int . joe' room in rehab CENTER - morning the sun shine through the window . Joe wake up , raise up , look over at winter who be asleep in a chair . winter rouse . Joe give he a little smile , he 's allright . winter give he a nod of approval . music up . begin a series of shot detail the timberwolve progress over the next four game . on field 1 ) player shaking hand at midfield after the game . the scoreboard read e.s.u. 14 Boston College 10. int . study hall 2 ) darnell in study hall , with he new tutor concentrate on she explanation , apply himself . on sideline - day 3 ) Steve lattimer , in street clothes , pace the sideline , jump up and down in frustration , he hamstring bandage to sell the injury ruse . he catch himself , get back on he crutch . a newspaper fade up through the shot . it read " wolf offense fire blanks in 13 -0 loss to Texas . " int . cafe - night 4 ) darnell sit in a cafe , drink coffee and study . Ray come in , he arm around a co -ed , monica . they buy a pastry and leave , not have see darnell . darnell ponder this a second , go back to study . int . rehab CENTER - day 5 ) a group of patient be gather around a t.v. set in the rehab Center , watch a pre-game show . one go to Joe 's room , where Joe 's lie on he cot . patient hey , Joe , do not you wanta watch the game ? it 's on cable . joe no thanks . Joe lean back , stare at the ceiling . on t.v. screen 6 ) sportscaster dallas perry be hold forth on the local evening news . perry e.s.u. on the strength of a 62 yard touchdown run by freshman darnell jefferson , squeake by the North Carolina tarheel today , 14 to 13 , keep they bowl hope alive . ext . campus night 7 ) darnell , with he book , on the way to the library , pass the frat house where the victory party be in progress . he see Ray and Autumn walk together . Autumn see he , she face light up . he give she a slight smile , keep walk . she watch he with a certain long . int . library - late night 8 ) darnell , alone in the library , late at night , study . int . locker room - day 9 ) lattimer , carry he gear bag , walk into the locker room . his teammate come over to shake he hand , slap he on the back , welcome he back to the team . music end int . joe' rehab CENTER room - night Joe sit on he bed listen to the e.s.u. broadcast . harvey ( v.o. ) e.s.u. hope to get past a tough Iowa hawkeyes team in they last game before the return of star quarterback , Joe kane . ext . kinnick stadium - night the e.s.u. defense be on the field . Alvin move up opposite the offensive guard . alvin I know you , motherfucker . you be the prick who get my little sister pregnant . we be not see you around lately . where you be , huh ? answer I , motherfucker , or I be gonna peel you cap . the ball be hike . Iowa run a sweep leave . lattimer try to get outside to contain , but be block by the fullback , who go low and cut he leg out from under he . winter shit , lattimer ... Alvin pursue the play as the ballcarrier head for the corner , then suddenly cut back . Alvin have overrun the play slightly . we go to slow motion as he turn and be hit with a wick crack - back block by the guard he taunt . Alvin 's leg flexe at a horrifying angle . we hear the SNAP of bone and tendon , as Alvin plummet to the ground , writhe in pain , grab he leave leg . winter oh , no ... the doctor and trainer sprint out to the field . int . joe' rehab CENTER room - night we move in on Joe 's face , as harvey be hear on the radio in the b.g . harvey ( v.o. ) oh , boy , this do not look good , harmon . they be bring the stretcher out ... Joe 's eye close . he know what this mean . ext . the field - night Alvin be be strapped on the stretcher . alvin ( wail in pain ) oh , shit , oh shit , I will kill that motherfucker . I will ... oh shit ... ext . kinnick stadium - night a ambulance carry Alvin emerge from the stadium . we hear cheering inside , the siren outside . harvey ( v.o. ) twelve second leave , Iowa drive for the win touchdown . fourth and goal at the one . e.s.u. try to hold on without they star middle linebacker , Alvin mack . ext . the field again - night the e.s.u. defensive line dig in . lattimer try to suck up he remain strength . Iowa run a blast to lattimer 's side . he fight through one block , the ballcarrier come right toward he . they meet in a titanic collision at the goal line . the back keep drive , twist . lattimer try to hold he , but weaker than he be on steroid , be unable to . the back fall over the goal line . touchdown . iowa 13 e.s.u. 10 . as the Iowa player celebrate all around he , lattimer sit where he fall , a beat and humiliate young man . reporter ( v.o. ) coach , you have lose two of you last four . int . interview room under stadium - night coach winter face the press . reporter why do you team seem to nose dive at the end of the last couple season ? coach winter this be a tough loss , but this be not any nose dive . we have have some key player out , but if we win next week , we will still win the conference and go to a major bowl on New Year 's Day . I mean , I know you guy can not write , but I think you could at least count . int . hospital room - evening Alvin lie on a bed , he leg bandage and elevate . he 's still a little groggy from anesthetic . coach winter stand beside he . winter you look good , Alvin . alvin yeh , I feel o.k. winter any of the guy be down yet ? alvin they call . winter Hell , you know how football player be about hospital and injury . alvin yeh . several beat of silence . then : alvin I be never gonna play again , be I ? winter doctor be not always right , Alvin ... but I just want you to know ... you be the best defensive football player I ever coach . Alvin nod . winter come forward , hug he around the head , give he a smile , walk out . tear brim in winter eye as he leave . Alvin 's head go back against the pillow . tear be not brim here . they be roll down he cheek . music begins ext . rehab CENTER - morning Joe walk out with he suitcase . coach winter wait for he . shake he hand . they get in the car . winter ( v.o. ) congratulation . I be proud of you , Joe . int . car - day winter I know you have a difficult time . Michigan be easy , right ? bourbon be tough . joe scotch . they share a laugh . winter pull out two set of round trip airline ticket . winter I get something ' for ya . coupla round trip ticket . go see you dad . get it clean up . Joe take the ticket , just look at he . int . steve lattimer be room - night lattimer ( on the phone ) I be gonna have to take a test with the coach right there . you sure you get something ' better than blocker ? dealer ( v.o. ) much better . this guy be foolproof . see ya Saturday . lattimer hang up , pick up a hypodermic . stare at it a second , sweat bead on he forehead . then plunge it a inch deep into he thigh . pull it out , sit on the bed a beat , then pick up a barbell and begin to pump it furiously , biceps bulg . music end int . coach winter's office - afternoon the coach be face Ray and darnell across he desk . winter I wanta do something different for this game . try to maximize we speed , but keep you both in the lineup at the same time . Ray , I be move you to fullback . darnell , you be startin ' at tail . Ray be stunne , darnell elate , but neither say a word . winter Ray , you will be carry the ball less and block more , but they will still have to respect you run and pass-catch ability . not everybody can make a transition like this . you think you can handle it ? ray ( tight lipped ) yes , sir . winter good . we can not afford any hang dog . ext . tennis court - day Camille come off the court , after tennis practice . she 's surprised to find Joe wait for she . joe hello , Camille . camille ( cool ) hello , Joe . you allright now ? joe yeh ... yeh , I think so . camille good , I be happy for you . she start to walk away , head for the bike rack . joe Camille , hold on , o.k .? I be sorry that I do not want ... that I could not see you . camille you could not even talk to I . what happen to " there 's something ' goin ' on between you and I " ? Camille get on she bike ... joe c'mon , Camille , I be embarrassed . I could not ... and pedal off . joe ( shouting after she ) I could not understand why anybody would wanta talk to I . Camille ! she just keep on go . ext . pennsylvania steel town - day a bus come up the hill toward we , on the main street of Joe 's sooty , little home town , the huge stack of moribund steel work fill the sky in the background . the bus stop at a corner . Joe step off . no bag . he 's not plan on stay long . ext . joe' house - day Joe go to the front door . knock , get no answer , push the door open , walk through the messy , cluttere house to the back porch . seat in a metal fold chair , smoking a cigarette , look out at the yard be Joe 's dad . he 's get a couple day growth of beard , and although not drunk now , he have the look of one . joe how ya doin ' , dad ? dad ( surprised to see he ) Joe ! what 's this ? they throw you out ? joe no. joe' dad I hear about you little set-to . they have it on the news here . joe yeh , they send I to rehab . joe' dad we know what that 's worth . you brother 's be through it three time . Joe nod sadly . joe' dad so what be you doin ' here ? joe I have be think about some thing , dad . joe' dad that 's what that damn rehab will do . make you think about a lotta thing you can not do nothing ' about . joe I kinda be wonderin ' why you never come to any of my game . all that year . joe' dad oh , I do not know . I guess I do not wanta make you nervous . you mighta try too hard and screw up . joe or I mighta do real well . which woulda be harder on you , dad ? joe' dad ( sense the anger ) what do you mean ? joe mighta make you feel bad . like maybe it be not write someplace that we all gotta go on we ass . like maybe you coulda do something ' more , if you 'de try a little harder . joe' dad or maybe I do not wanta see you gettin ' all excited , all pump up with pride , when I know one day it would all come crashin ' down . just like it do . joe I think I spend the last couple year hopin ' I would die before that day . but you know what dad ? that day come and I be still here . and I get one more game this year . I do not know how well I will play or even how much , but I want you there . joe' dad how would you feel introduce you drunk dad to all you friend ? you think about that ? joe I could live with it , if you could . ( hand he a ticket ) here 's a ticket . section 2 , row 6 . fifty yard line . if you do not come , I will never ask you again . joe' dad o.k. , joey . and good luck . they give each other a short , quick hug . nothing sentimental . Joe walk back through the house . his dad stare out at the yard . int . college library - night darnell be up late again , study at one of the table . he hear footstep , become aware of the presence of another person . he look up to see Autumn . darnell hey , Autumn . how 's Ray ? autumn do not know . have not see he since the night I see you . he would be goin ' out . darnell monica lambert . autumn you know ? why do not you tell I ? darnell do not wanta win you over that way . silence . darnell look back at he book . autumn I just wonder how you study be comin' . you ready for tomorrow ? darnell the test ? I hope so . I be workin ' pretty hard . autumn good ... ( sit down ) I talk to my dad last night . darnell oh , yeah ? how 's he doin ? autumn Fine . we talk about you . darnell what do you say ? autumn ( eye brim ) I tell he I would go out with you ... I tell he I wish I could still go bowl . darnell get up and pull she to she foot . he hug she . music begins int . examination room - afternoon darnell be bent over he test booklet . he write furiously , stop to think , start write again . ext . practice field - day Joe take a snap , fade to pass , throw a out . the ball flutter badly , fall short . clayton he 's rusty . I doubt if we can start he . winter ( simmer ) he 's worse than that . he 's outa shape . ( blow he whistle ) all right , that 's enough for today . practice be cancel . everybody off the field , but kane . ( the player hesitate ) c'mon what the hell be you standin ' around lookin ' at ? get outa here . the player , surprised at this turn of event , begin to file off . even the coaches be baffle . winter walk over to Joe , who have no idea what this be about . winter do not do much while you be in there , do ya ? joe well , we do not exactly have a team ... winter you could have work out on you own . joe I have some other thing to worry about ... winter well , we be gonna make up for lose time . we will start by hoppin ' the step . joe hoppin ' the step ?! what , you be gonna punish I now . winter do not talk back to I , Joe . I will kick you ass . I go easy on you , ' cause you have to get through detox , but that 's out to sea now . you let this team down ; you let this program down . start that step . right leg . angle on joe - stadium hopping up the stadium step on he right foot , labor as he pass winter , halfway up . winter now the leave . Joe switch to he leave foot and continue hopping up the step , he quadricep burst with pain . dissolve to : joe - later - stadium hang by he arm , move hand over hand along the crossbar of the goalpost , panting with fatigue , winter watch from below . dissolve to : joe - at sunset - stadium bone weary now . winter have he run 20 yard , get down and do 10 pushup , run another 20 yard , do 10 more pushup etc . Joe stagger the 20 yard , drop to do he pushup , can only do 4 . winter yank he to he foot , push he forward to run again . winter 70 guy . 70 guy who bust they butt all year . because of you they might not win the conference . because of you they might not go to a bowl . joe ( barely able to stand ) I do not wanna leave ... I just screw up ... winter you dogge on they . joe ( stop , exhaust ) no , no I never dogge . I work my ass off . I play hard ... winter ( push he forward ) then you shoulda stay in shape . keep runnin ' , dammit . joe ( wobble , start to break down ) I always play hard . I give my everything for you . when you come to the Center , I think you be really worried about I . but you do not give a shit . we be all just a buncha sled dog . if you have another guy who could throw , you ' da leave I in the fuckin ' hospital . ( fall to he knee , sobbing ) the only thing that matter be the program , the god-damn program . winter push Joe down to do he pushup . Joe have to strain mightily to do two . winter nobody force you to play football , Joe . not I , not the program , nobody . but when you sign on , you commit yourself to pay the price , to do whatever it take . well , you have not pay the price yet . you still owe this team . you owe this team big - time . ( walk away ) get a shower . Joe try to get up , but collapse face down on the turf , as winter continue to walk away . int . low rent doctor' office - morning lattimer lie on a table , a catheter tube go into he side . a doctor' aide supervise . lattimer 's dealer be there . lattimer what 's this doin ? dealer takin ' doped urine outa you bladder and puttin clean back in . call it a oil change . int . locker room - before the game coach winter watch unknowingly as lattimer pee the catheterize urine into a cup . music end int . locker room - just before the game the team be gather around . conspicuous among they be lattimer , who 's paint he face like a skeleton . coach winter be whipping they up with a pre-game rant . winter gotta get it do today , boy . gotta ring that bell . 60 minute . 60 minute of mean . no prisoner . no mercy . nothin ' but snot bubbles . gotta ring that bell , gotta ring that championship bell . lattimer ( shouting ) ding motherfuck Dong !! pumped to the gill , the e.s.u. team explode in yell and race out into the tunnel . the yelling continue over and mix with the cheering of the crowd as : ext . wolf den stadium - afternoon harvey ( v.o. ) wolf movin ' leave to right on you radio dial . look to generate some offense . they have be up and down the last few week . angle on bobby collin in the huddle . collin 28 Thunder right . on go . they break and the e.s.u. offense come to the line . Collins call signal . we go to slow motion as he fade to pass . darnell fake a block , then roll out for a screen pass . Georgia tech 's defensive line come hard . Bobby flip the ball over the charge defender . darnell catch it , get a good block from Bud lite , then tuck in behind Ray who be out ahead block . there 's only one linebacker to beat and darnell will be into the secondary . figure Ray will block the guy , darnell begin to look for the safeties . Ray , however , barely brushes the linebacker , who do not even break stride . he lower he head , and drive into darnell , he helmet hit the football . fumble ! there 's a scramble . the yellow jacket free safety come up with it . regular speed the crowd and the e.s.u. bench , quickly deflate , sit back down . darnell get to he foot , glare at Ray , but say nothing . he know Ray tank the block . int . alvin mack shack - day Alvin sit alone in the " live room " , listen to the e.s.u. game on the radio , he leg propped up on a apple crate . his mother mend a pair of jeans in the b.g. harvey ( v.o. ) so the wolf defense have hold after the fumble , and the yellow jacket will opt for the field goal . around a 34 yarder . Ball be down , it 's away , it 's long enough . and good ! Georgia tech jump out on top 3 - 0 . Alvin 's mother look to see if there 's any reaction from Alvin . there 's none . ext . wolf den stadium - afternoon Bobby Collins fade back to pass , be rush , throw a quick sideline , but it 's a little short . the yellow jacket ' cornerback sprint up , intercept it and run 30 yard down the sideline for a touchdown . harvey ( v.o. ) Collins back to pass , rush , now fire out in the flat . it 's pick off by Hill . down the sideline . he 's gonna go in untouched . touchdown , Georgia tech . int . e.s.u. locker room - afternoon a discourage bunch of e.s.u. player drag into the locker room . some swear , some bang they locker . lattimer c'mon guy , we be only down ten . let 's get we fuckin ' shit together . darnell march over to Ray 's locker . darnell you miss that block on purpose , do not you , asshole . ray you be full of shit . you fumble , you try to blame I . darnell it 's Autumn be not it ? that 's what this be all about . ray the hell with Autumn . you just can not take a hit . infuriate , darnell go for Ray , and they start swinging . darnell tackle Ray , they roll on the floor , still swinging , try to beat the shit out of each other . finally , several player manage to pull they apart . coach winter charge over . winter do not tell I who start it . I do not care . all I care about be this football team . we win together . we lose together . so whatever you problem be , get over it . I do not want any more of this shit . understand ? darnell and ray yes , sir . winter as for the rest of you guy . here 's what I think of the way you play . winter walk over to a table set up with 75 cup of Orange juice and gatorade . he swipe the cup off the table create a small flood on the floor . then turn the table over . the player be shocked . they have seldom see he like this . winter ( point toward the yellow jacket ' locker room ) they be laughin ' at you over there . makin ' plan for the evening . they never dream it would be this easy . you guy be nothin ' but bug splatter on they windshield . you better stock up on potato chip , ' cause you be gonna be watch a lotta t.v. on New year Day . winter walk away , as the player be leave to contemplate they mistake . winter go over to Joe . winter get warm , Joe . you be startin' the second half . Joe nod , excited but uncertain . winter move on to Ray griffen . winter by the way ... do not let I see you miss anymore block . ext . wolf den stadium - afternoon the e.s.u. player return to they bench for the start of the second half , gather in a circle . Joe look up in the stand to the seat he reserve for he father . it 's empty . begin a series of shot : 1 ) Joe take the snap from center , fumble it , fall on it . 2 ) Joe look to throw over the middle , wait too long , be sack . 3 ) Joe underthrow darnell come out of the backfield . ext . wolf den stadium - afternoon Clayton approach winter on the sideline . clayton Joe 's too tentative , too cautious out there . he seem flat . maybe we oughta give Collins another shot . winter Joe just need to get the feel back . he will be allright . clayton Sam , we can not afford to wait ... winter ( snap ) I say he will be allright . angle on joe harvey ( v.o. ) 5:51 to go . Georgia tech up 10 to nothing . the wolf be gonna have to find some offense in a hurry here . they defense have be keepin ' they in it . as he start off the bench for the field , coach winter come up to he . winter Joe , I know that rehab be good for you . get rid of a lotta bad habit . but what about the rest of you ? what happen to the Joe kane that use to take command of this team , the Joe kane this guy i'd run through a bulldozer for ? they put he out with the trash ? what be you waitin ' for , somebody to feel sorry for you cause you have have some problem ? nobody in this stadium give a shit . it 's time to step up , Joe . time to sit at the head of the table . angle on the e.s.u . offensive huddle as Joe come into the huddle . he 's all business now . joe all right , we have hold this guy up long enough . give I time back here , and I will rip them apart . 16 shift , green , bolt . first sound . Joe bring the offense to the line of scrimmage , yell " go ! " the ball be snap , Joe drop back , hit darnell on the sideline . first down . in quick succession , we see Joe : 1 ) complete a 15 yarder to Ray over the middle . 2 ) fade to pass , be rush . forced out of the pocket , scramble for he life , manage to get down to the 4 yard line . he get up , survey the distance to pay dirt . harvey ( v.o. ) Nice bit of scramble by kane to get it to the four , but it 's gonna bring up fourth and goal . no doubt about it , with 3:45 they have gotta go for it here , if they be gonna get back in this game . angle on the sideline winter put he arm around Ray who will take the play into the huddle . ray give it to I up the gut , coach . they have be ignore I . I know I can score . winter no , we be gonna go with the sweep . winter give Ray a shove and he run onto the field . Ray be upset , angry . he swear to himself . angle on field Ray enter the huddle , whisper in Joe 's ear . joe 28 Thunder right . on 2. the team break out , come to the line . Joe look over the defense , scream signal as the crowd noise be building . we go to slow motion as the ball be snap . Ray take one step forward then turn right , lead the play . Joe pitch to darnell who follow Ray . Georgia tech 's outside linebacker come up to stop the play . Ray stumble before he can make the block . he drop out of we picture . darnell shit ! darnell be force to go wider toward the sideline . the linebacker and cornerback be close , both have the angle on he . darnell start to cut back . he lower he shoulder to take the linebacker 's blow . suddenly , out of nowhere , Ray reappear and throw a devastating block on the linebacker , knock he back into the cornerback , take they both out . darnell cut it up and blast over the safety at the goal line . touchdown , e.s.u . the stand erupt . it 's the first thing they have have to cheer about all day . winter just look at the clock , go over to talk to he defense . darnell forego he touchdown dance . he run over to Ray , grab he by the helmet . darnell monster block , man . monster motherfuckin ' block . Ray smile . they butt head and run off the field int . alvin' shack alvin ( softly to himself ) all right , defense . let 's get evil . kill them all , let the paramedics sort them out . ext . wolf den stadium - afternoon Georgia tech have the ball . they break they huddle . harvey ( v.o. ) 1:11 and count . third and one . the wolf have get to stop they on this play if they be gonna get the ball back . a first down here and it 's all she write . e.s.u. be out of timeout . the Georgia tech quarterback fake to he fullback , hand off to he tailback on the countertrap . the tailback run behind he big , pull tackle , both right at lattimer . lattimer take on the tackle , shed he block . the back lower he head , start to power into lattimer . lattimer let out a fierce yell . smash ! lattimer explode into the tailback , the collision lift the back off the ground , whiplashing he neck , vibrate he helmet . lattimer 's leg churn , drive the tailback back and into the ground . we see the back 's face . there be snot bubbles in he nose . no first down . no way . lattimer jab both arm in the air . the crowd go nut , as the defense slap helmet , and run off the field , windmill they arm , whipping up the crowd . angle on sideline winter congratulate the defense as it come off the field . he meet lattimer , look into he eye . see the steroid there . he know it 's the only way the kid could have do it . decide not to bust he . lattimer know it . winter give he helmet a little slap , more in sympathy than praise . angle on the yellow jacket punter he catch the snap , boot the ball away . darnell field it at he 12 , start toward the right sideline , where hemmed in , he look like dead meat . suddenly , he reverse he field , racing for the opposite sideline , where a picket line of blocker await he , if he can get there . he turn on the jet , barely beat two tackler to the corner , and then turn it up the leave sideline , pick up a wick series of crack - back block , until he 's finally run out of bound at the yellow jacket 35 yard line . on stand the e.s.u. fan be on they foot . winter race over to Joe . winter time for 2 play . if it 's not open in the end zone , take the sideline . as the offense run onto the field , winter check the scoreboard . 17 second leave . Georgia tech 10 . e.s.u. 7 . int . wolf den stadium - afternoon Joe bring the wolf up . harvey ( v.o. ) Ball on the yellow jacket 35 . 17 second leave . kane bark signal . Joe take the snap , drop to pass , find no one , roll away from the rush . just as he 's about to go out of bound , he fire a bullet down the sideline . Ray griffen catch it and go out of bound at the twelve . angle on sideline Joe run over to coach winter , know they have no more time out , as the ref move the chain . harvey ( v.o. ) field goal here tie it , but a tie may not get the wolf into a bowl . tough decision for winter . winter ( to Joe ) you want I to send in the kick team or you think you can handle it ? joe give I the ball . winter o.k. , let 's do 24 inside slot , leave blue lightning . on field Joe race back out onto the field and into the huddle , as the crowd 's roar go off the chart . joe ( in huddle ) o.k. , 24 inside slot , leave blue lightning . let 's put the woman and child to bed , and go lookin ' for fuckin ' dinner . on 2. he start the wolf howl . the other join in , howling for all they be worth , eleven jack - up warrior . they clap and break the huddle . the crowd be stand , wave fist in unison toward the Georgia tech end zone . Joe look up in the stand again at the seat he leave for he father . it 's still empty . joe this one 's for you , dad . Joe start to call signal as Bud lite sing " Bali hi . " we go to slow motion as the ball be snap . the Georgia tech defense fire off the line , throw everything at Joe . Joe drop back five step . Bud lite pick up a blit linebacker , knock he over a fall player . Joe look for darnell in the corner , but another pass rusher break through , force Joe out of the pocket . it 's wartime as tackle and blocker collide , hand - fight , go down , scramble up , collide again , all in pursuit of Joe . darnell , realize Joe 's in trouble , break off he pattern and head to the center of the end zone . Joe dodge one tackler , shake free of another 's ankle tackle , head back for the center of the field . he spot darnell break between defensive back . just as he 's bury by two massive linemen , Joe fire a rocket down the middle toward the sliver of open space that darnell be head for . the ball barely clear the hand of a lung linebacker . darnell and two defensive back , one from each side , close on the ball as it cut through the air , a perfect spiral . darnell dive . the two defensive back dive . the ball pass between they outstretch hand by a fraction of a inch , landing in darnell 's . he clutches it to he chest , roll over , hold the ball up for the ref to see . touchdown ! this time darnell do go into he touchdown dance . angle on stand pandemonium . the crowd include Autumn and she dad go crazy . winter just give a few quick nod , watch almost wistfully as the player and coaches hug each other , know none of they will hug he . Joe , Bud and the other mob darnell . int . alvin be shack - day Alvin listen to the celebration a few beat , then switch off the radio , know this be a experience he will never be a part of again . we leave he stare off into a uncertain future . int . chancellor's sky - BOX - day the chancellor and he guest be celebrate the victory , congratulate each other . conspicuous among they be the fat cat alumnus who give darnell the money , and the Chairman of the board of regent . chairman look like the timberwolve be back . probably bring the library with they . chancellor hope so. ( turn to Galen Howard ) give my sincere congratulation to coach winter . howard he will be delighted . the fat cat alumnus go to a replica of the Building Fund football field and start advance the ball . fat cat alumnus 15,10 , touchdown ! this bring applause all around . ext . wolf den stadium - afternoon as darnell come off the field , Autumn run out and hug he , lead he to she dad . autumn daddy , you remember darnell . mr. haley yes , I do . great catch , darnell . darnell thank you , sir . I get something ' for you . darnell reach into he helmet and take out a sweat- stain piece of paper . darnell my entrance exam . get a 92 . coach winter say you get a 87 . he look it up . mr. haley ( laugh ) I will kill he . angle on joe kane walk toward the tunnel , acknowledge the plaudit of the fan . he look for Camille , do not see she . coach winter come up next to he . winter Hell of a throw , Joe . good to see you back . winter give he a quick , but firm hug . winter and do not worry about the heisman . we will gear up for it next year . Joe manage a weary smile . angle on bud lite come down the tunnel , Bobby Collins next to he . both stop as louanne walk toward they . Bobby smile to himself in anticipation of she fawn over he . she walk right by he and up to Bud . louanne you still feel like gettin ' a beer ? Bud smile . Bobby quickly look around for someone else to hit on , hail a cheerleader . Bud and louanne walk off together . louanne stop when she see she father , fearful of he reaction . louanne he 's not a football player any more . he 's graduate this year . winter he 's still get a bowl game . louanne wait , not sure whether she father 's angry or not . winter so make sure he do not violate curfew . louanne smile . winter return it , and walk away . angle on steve lattimer sitting on the bench , he head in he hand , weep . harvey ( v.o. ) a amazing conclusion to a great season . we can see Steve lattimer down on the bench weep tear of joy as e.s.u. go back to a bowl for the first time in three year . this be not tear of joy , but a man / boy who know he will never be able to play pro football without steroid . ext . e.s.u. campus - late afternoon Joe sit on a bench at the intersection of four converge quad path . Camille approach from the opposite direction , stop when she see Joe . camille what be you doin ' here ? joe waitin ' for you . I figure you 'de have to come through here on you way to dinner . this soften , relax she a bit . camille should not you be out celebrate ? you play real well . joe I need you help with somethin' . I know I be not you favorite guy right now , but it 's all startin ' again . the expectation , the pressure , the talk about the heisman next year . I be wonderin ' if you 'de like to go somewhere , maybe share a six - pack with I ? Camille 's shocked that he might be drink again . he pull a six pack of 7 - up out from behind he back . she laugh in spite of herself . they settle again . joe I miss you , Camille . I do not like bein ' without you . camille I will think about it . they look at each other a beat , come forward into a long kiss and embrace as we pull up and back . credit begin to roll as ext . stadium tunnel - day coach winter , flanke by hume and Clayton , walk down the tunnel to a wait car . no effigy this time . hume ticket be in you coat . itinerary and player profile in the briefcase . we get a 9:00 be tomorrow in Baltimore with the kid from Park . then we be on to ... they continue down the tunnel toward a new recruiting season , another year in the annal of the Program . fade out the end