written by JOHN logan '' there be no great genius without some touch of madness . '' - seneca the aviator by John Logan xt . swi == 0 ) do houston a we be slowly move through a fetid swamp . noxious vapor float above the foul , stagnant water . a dead rat float by . we become aware of a distant buzz ... a airplane engine ? tee , no , a swarm of mosquito . we push through the buzzing , writhe cloud of mosquito ... not . icto ! room . ight out of darkness , hand ... elegant hand , a woman 's hand , a shimmer diamond ring catch the flicker gaslight . the hand dip into.a large bowl of water . wet now , the hand rise to meet naked flesh . the woman speak , a too-genteel Southern lilt to she voice . woman q...u... a... r... her hand stroke the naked flesh before she , caress and clean in equal measure . her hand sensually move along arm , torso , leg ... woman ( cont 'd ) wee awww now . tone the woman be kneel before a stand boy . he be naked . nine year old . she be bathing he in the midst of a airless , ornate and darkly - panell room . oppressive silhouettes of late victorian splendor in the shadow . woman ( cont 'd ) oo . tu ... nw ... EL the naked boy stand before she , use to the ritual . boy' voice quarantine . q ...U ... a ... roe . the woman continue to bathe he , slowly stroking along he skin with she wet hand , the water trickle down he body . unnaturally sensuous . boy' voice ( cont 'd ) oe ) all . nw. to . she continue to bathe he , study every inch of he skin with she expressive hand , every pore . her hand be microscope . ( cont T nited} continued : boy' voice ( cont 'd ) I ... N ... E. quarantine . woman . you know the cholera ? you have see the sign on the house where the colored live ? boy' voice yes , mother . woman you know the typhus ? boy' voice yes , mother . woman you know what they can do to you ? boy' voice yes , mother . woman you be not safe . she continue to bathe he as we finally find he face in the darkness ... his expression be neutral . calm . he be Howard robard Hughes , Jr. howard ( v.o. ) do not tell I I can not do it ...! take we to ... ext . AIR field day howard hughes , a vital and energetic 21 , be stride past the propeller of a vintage World War I biplane . and then another . and another . : howard +.» do not tell I it can not be do ! title : hollywood . 1927 . he be walk with he stunt coordinator and director of photography . ( cont tnied '' continued : stunt coordinator the gyro force be too much . you send the plane into simultaneous barrel - roll and -- howard it 's the damn climax of the picture , Frank . you make it work ! decrease the vertical trajectory if you have to . a lerhone rotary will not stall at 60 degree . I have do it . director of photography Howard , we be still short two camera . we need to cut the sequence down to accommodate -- howard we be not cut anything . tu 11 get the camera . set up for rehearsal in five . the stunt coordinator and director of photography veer off to a team of wait filmmaker as Howard continue stride past the endless row of airplane . noah dietrich , 30' , catch up with Howard . noah be a gruff - talk former real estate salesman and prize fighter . currently a corporate accountant in desperate need of a corporation . Howard 's size strike noah first . six foot three . Rail -thin . and then the look . Dazzling . Movie star dazzle . noah Mr. Hughes , I be noah Dietrich , you office say ~ - howard walk with I , Mr. Dietrich ... the voice . a bit louder than noah expect , flat , a slight Texan twang . . howard ( cont 'd ) you be a man on the come . read you resume and talk to you reference . you know what I be look for ? noah as I understand it you be look for a second - in - command at Hughes tool -- someone to help oversee the financial aspect of the business -- howard I be look for someone to run it and do a damn good job . there 's really only one thing you gotta know : my folk be go now so it 's my money . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : howard ( cont 'd ) now what I do with that money may seem crazy to that sonsofbitch in Houston -- I be sure it do -- but it all make good sense to I . you get that ? noah get it . howard you make 5,200 dollar a year on you last job . I will pay you 10,000 . noah I guess I will be work twice as hard . howard you will be work four time as hard .-. I just get you at half price . welcome aboard , Mr. Dietrich . still walk , Howard shake he hand . noah can not believe it . Howard it in . and we a vast a beat howard ( cont 'd ) you be my voice , make them understand that . some of that fine folk down there still call I " junior . " you tell they it 's " Mr. Hughes " now . ° noah you bet ... so when do we go to Houston ? howard we be not . cholera epidemic of 1913 -- two thousand dead . Whole place be nothing but pestilential swamp . typhus , malaria , cholera , yellow fever , you name it , they get it . have pass the last airplane . he stop , turn . he take smile . finally see it all . sea of airplane . his airplane . it be staggering . howard ( cont 'd ) you see that , Mr. Dietrich ? you be look at the large private air force in the world ... what do you think of that now ? as noah take in the world of airplane . noah it 's you money . {cont inued ) continued : ( 3 ) Howard laugh and stride off toward the wait film crew , wave he hand in a circle above he head . howard start ' em up ! and the airplane roar to life as the propeller man send the prop spin . title : hell angel . year one . int . assador HOTEL — ~ grove night nigh 's Howard enter the swirl heart of 1920 's Hollywood nightlife . he be a scarecrow in a brown suit amidst a sea of tuxedo and silk . a saucy vocalist croon the latest gershwin Brothers ' hit , " I will build a stairway to paradise , " as Howard make he way through the throng , look for someone . vocalist " I will build a stairway to paradise , with a new step every day ... " Howard spot mgm titan louis B. mayer stand at the bar with a few of he cronies . Howard go to he : howard hello , Mr. mayer , I do not know if you remember I , my name 's Howard Hughes and I want to talk to you -- mayer the airplane picture . Howard very subtlety turn he right ear toward mayer so he can hear better , we first clue of Howard 's hearing impairment : howard hell angel , right . listen , I be in a helluva bind and need you help . I want to rent some camera . meanwhile , a man watch they closely from a table . he be johnny meyer , a jovial , fast - talk Hollywood press agent , fixer and pimp . mayer ( amused ) all that oil money not enough to buy a few camera ? howard drill bit . ( cont tnued '' continued : . mayer 's mayer sorry ? howard my company make drill bit . I already buy every camera I could but we be shoot we big dogfight scene this weekend and I need two more . you think mgm could help I out ? mayer mgm be not usually in the practice of help out the competition . crony how many camera you have now ? howard twenty four . croney laugh . mayer Jesus Christ ! look , sonny -~ howard Howard . mayer Howard . whoever you be . here 's my advice : you take you oil money and -- howard drill ... bit . mayer you put it in the bank . howard Sir , I need - ~ mayer because if you continue make this picture you know what you will have ? a movie no one will distribute and no one want to see and no more oil money . welcome to Hollywood , he smile . howard ( terse ) I will be sure to remember that , Mr. mayer . ( cont tnurd ) continued : mayer turn back to he croney , satisfied . Howard spot johnny meyer and go to he : johnny hiya , boss . howard ( shaking hand ) johnny . a beautiful waitress glide up as johnny light a cigarette . johnny whiskey and soda but not too much soda . Hell , nix the soda . howard milk , please . in a bottle with the cap still on . she glide off . johnny okay , Howard , what no he say ? howard sonofabitch will not part with a single goddamn camera . johnny so make do with what you have . howard what I have be not enough , not for how I see it ... as Howard speak he quietly reach across the table and take johnny 's cigarette , stub it out in the ashtray . he be not even aware he be do it . johnny be too smart to protest . howard ( cont 'd ) -.. my name depend on this picture . if it do not work , I be back to Houston with my tail between my leg , make goddamn drill bit for the rest of my life . johnny could not you find a way to do it with the camera you have ? just be creative . as Howard speak he take a napkin and carefully clean the table in front of the ashtray : howard johnny , you be a press agent , you be suppose to know all the little in 's and out 's of Hollywood . do you ? ( cont tnited '' continued : johnny absolutely . howard good . leave the big idea to I . he casually drop the now - soile napkin on tne floor as a beautiful cigarette girl come to the table , she lean forward , offer she ware : cigarette girl cigar , cigarette , sen - sen ? Howard be instantly focus on she , the rest of the world do not exist . howard : I do not smoke -~- but you could help I with something else . cigarette girl yeah ? howard you could show I what give a beautiful woman like you pleasure . johnny almost choke . the cigarette girl look at Howard . howard ( cont 'd ) say you be just stand there and I touch you ... just with my fingertip ... would you like that ? ... I want to learn what please you . I want to learn everything about you ... will you let I do that ? she look at he . cigarette girl I be off in half a hour . howard I be in room 217 . she go . Howard stand : howard ( cont 'd ) ( stand ) johnny , get on the horn to universal and warner . I need two more camera by Saturday . Rent them if you can . steal ‘em if you have to . he go . johnny watch he cut through the crowd , dumbstruck . intl AIR field -~ command tent __-__niget . a makeshift screen room . Howard sit , slump in a chair , watch daily from hell angel . a handful of pilot and filmmaker sit around the tent as well . they be watch some footage from the climactic dogfight sequence , plane soar through the air . but the footage be curiously impotent , lack excitement . Howard watch the plane zoom about on the screen , sink deeper into he chair . howard goddamn ! ... why the hell do it look so slow ? this be not what it be like up there ... they look like a bunch of goddamn model ! Howard stand and walk to the screen , a grow realization . howard ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ ... stunt coordinator Howard ? Howard stand at the screen . the flicker image of the plane wash over he as he explain : howard without something stand still behind the plane we get no idea how fast we be move . we get no idea of relative motion ! ... ( he spin to a aide ) ... cail over to ucla . get I the best meteorologist they get . get he here in a hour . he stride out of the Command tent . . AIR _ fiel ! I } Howard lope , discontent , away from the Command tent toward a illuminate area of the field . Howard 's personal plane ~- a nifty boe scout biplane -- be the center of a hive of activity . a team of he engineer be work on the plane . glenn odekirk see Howard approach and go to he . Glenn be a brilliant engineer with a innovative imagination . he be one of the few people Howard see as a friend , not as a employee . glenn . hey , you want the good news or the bad news ? howard bad news , always . they move to the plane , consider the engine in particular : glenn we install the 450 radial ~-- but the strut will not take the vibration . Minute we go contact the strut start crack along the bias . howard '' what 's the good news ? glenn there be not any . howard dammit , odie , if the 450' too big figure something else out ! Howard circle the plane like a predator , Glenn follow : glenn we have do everything -~ we have re-built she from top to toe . if we drain the fuel tank for a couple of run she might make 180 mph . howard I want minimum 200 . glenn yeah , well I want a date with theda bara but that be not gonna happen either . ( cont T nite '' continued : howard do not be so sure ... okay , okay , ckay -- this be a simple engineering problem . we just gotta think it out ... Howard carefully examine the plane , take special note of the strut connect the upper and lower wing . as : howard ( cont 'd ) machine be logical , odie . they be science . that 's the beauty of it . no emotion , no uncertainty , just science . we build it right and it fly fast , simple as that ... he complete he inspection and stand back , look at the plane . howard ( cont 'd ) so if the strut will not sustain the engine we need -— - then we gotta get rid of the strut . glenn then the top wing fall off . Howard consider the plane . his mind racing . howard then let it . glenn what ? howard who say we need a top wing ? Glenn look at he . curious . howard ( cont 'd ) need anything ? who say we Glenn approach , savore the idea in he mind , excited by Howard 's bold vision . glenn a monoplane ... howard a cantilever monoplane . they be do it in France . to hell with the top wing and the strut -- glenn 550 whitney wasp engine - ~ cconttnued ) continued : howard 100 octane fuel will give we a top horsepower of -- what ? glenn 700 . howard squeeze it to a thousand and we get the fastest plane ever build . they look at each other . smiling . out of such moment be magnificent creature bear . glenn you know , I just gotta say ... we have already spend over 200,000 dollar rebuild this plane . howard to hell with it ... ( he smile ) ... tear it up , odie . he stride off into the darkness . Glenn watch he go . then he pick up a sledgehammer . his engineer watch , horrify . Glenn swing the sledgehammer -- crash -- and annihilate the strut on one side of the plane . the top wing immediately snap in two and fall . int . command tent -- airfield night a bookish and bespectacle man sit nervously . his hair show all the rumple sign of a man rouse from sleep . he be professor fitz , a meteorologist . Howard be with he . professor fitz well ... the , um , cumulonimbus formation you speak of that look like ... howard giant breast full of milk . I want cloud , dammit . professor fitz yes , cloud that look like , um , giant breast full of milk , can not exactly be guarantee for any particular location , you might have to ... um ... wait . ( conttnited | continued : howard then we will wait ... ( he stand , prepare to go ) : whatever they pay you . at ucla , I be double it . you work for I now . find some cloud . he begin to go . immediately stop and return . repeating the exact same word and gesture : howard ( cont 'd ) you work for I now . find some cloud . he stride out of the tent , completely unaware of the peculiar repetition . we hear he voice from outside the tent : howard ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) find some cloud ! a pilot loung in the command tent turn to fitz . pilot welcome to hell angel . ext . — AIR field -- front gate -~ day noah drive up to the Air field . a sign hang on the front gate : '' war postponed . no cloud . " he glance at the sign and drive onto the air field . ext . AIR field day Howard be slowly move around a early prototype of what will become he astounding h- 1 racer plane . he feel along the aerodynamic side and engine cowling . his sensitive fingertip take in every inch of the plane like a lover . Glenn odekirk be work with he team of engineer and mechanic . everywhere else around the air field , idleness . the plane wait . the pilot and mechanic play card . the sky be cloudless . title : hell angel . year two . Professor fitz be follow Howard as he move around the plane . poor Professor fitz be go mad . his hair fly out wildly in all direction . it be , needless to say , the only thing fly . ( continued ) continued : glenn wind resistance on the rivet ? howard I want she slippery . Howard rise and stalk away , noah follow . noah Howard , there be serious tax consequence to incorporate in California - ~ howard just take care of it , would ya ? Professor fitz come run up to Howard , burst , wave weather chart . professor fitz oakland ! Cloud in oakland ! howard you mean it this time ? professor fitz yes ! goddamn it , yes ! I promise you cloud in oakland ! Howard look at he , amused . howard no need to get all jittery now . Howard turn to the aviator : howard ( cont 'd ) oakland ! we're go to oakland ! the air field spring to life , pilot run flat out for they plane . noah watch it all . madness . ext . oakland airfield ay Cloud , glorious cloud . cumulonimbus cloud like giant breast burst with milk . imagine , if you can , forty plane fill the same air space . stick you head in a hornet 's nest and you might have some idea . this be the climactic battle of hell angel in the make . ( cont tnure '' professor fitz ( crack up ) they move , Mr. Hughes ! Cloud move ! that 's what they do ! they moooove ! howard it 's cost I 5,271 dollar a day keep this plane on the ground . you find I some goddamn cloud ! Professor fitz scurries off as noah drive up . noah climb out of he car and go to Howard . Howard continue to . carefully feel along the plane . noah Nice day . howard very funny . noah I get a call from Houston . they be get real nervous about all this . howard then stop show they the damn bill . noah that 's illegal , Howard . howard shit no , maybe it 's a little naughty . noah Hughes tool be incorporate in Texas , they have to see the bill . Howard dip under the new cowling over the engine , feel the rivet connect it to the plane : howard then incorporate a new division out here . call it Hughes aircraft ... ( to Glenn ) ... odie , do we need this rivet on the cowling ? glenn yeah , or the reverse thrust would rip it off . howard they be gonna give I drag . do something about that , okay ? ( cont tnited '' continued : howard ... we have be to chatsworth , Santa Cruz , encino , San Diego , Riverside , Van nuy and bakersfield . it 's be eight month ! where be the goddamn cloud ?! ( continued ) continued : the plane twist and spin , arcing through the cloud . the cloud give a scale to the action . the plane zoom back and forth recklessly , shoot into view and disappear again , exponentially increase until the sky be be impossible jumble of plane . forty engine roar as forty pilot try to avoid collision . it be mayhem . it be poetry . and in the midst of it all ... nt. / ext . cc. ra_plane following ... be Howard . he be in the camera plane , direct the action . he squawk into a handheld microphone -- radio control to the air field and to the other plane -- and fling instruction , point madly in various direction . all word be lose in the howl of the many engine . a cameraman crank beside he . two plane zoom past -- almost clipping the camera plane -- Howard do not care . we be inside the hornet 's nest now . a beautiful order emerge from the chaos as the plane dogfight . we spirit soar with Howard . it be totally exhilate . ollywood_nightclu . night a great ice sculpture of a biplane and the word " hell angel " loom over a banquet table . the hell angel wrap party . johnny meyer be gossipe with a starlet . Glenn odekirk be drink with he engineer . Professor fitz and aviator and actor and filmmaker celebrate the long - await completion of the movie . Howard stand a bit away from the festivity , watch , think . noah stand talk to he . howard Pov -~ extreme closeup -~ noah talk -- he lip jabber out muffle word -- it be extremely startling . noah 's voice be strangely dim , echoing through a tunnel of insistent , dron white noise . we realize the depth of Howard 's deafness . finally , Howard subtly turn he good right ear to noah and force himseif to concentrate : ( continued ) continued : noah «+. I mean you have to admit it ... now honestly , do you ever think you would actually finish the damn thing ? howard ( smile ) come with I . int . movie theater ____night Al jolson be on the screen . sing . the jazz singer . Howard and noah stand at the back of the theater . howard you see , this be what the people want . Silent picture be yesterday 's news , so I figure I gotta reshoot hell angel for sound . noah how much of it ? howard all of it . noah stare at he , speechless . howard ( cont 'd ) before you even ask , I will tell you : a additional 1.7 million . we get that much ? ncah no ! howard well , then we better make it . take care of that , would ya ? ... ( he watch the screen , delighted ) ... sound , noah , sound ! ext . 7000 romaine night 7000 romaine Street , in the heart of Hollywood , be a rather attractive Art Deco building . the wall be yellow stucco . there be no sign to indicate this modest building be the home to Howard 's many enterprise . int . 7000 romaine ~~ hallway night it may be midnight , but the joint be jump . Business never stop for Hughes tool , Hughes aircraft and hell angel . ( cont tnited 1 Green revision 7-22-03 continued : secretaries swirl around desk and in and out of office , they have to slither past the huge editing machine set up in the hallway . twelve editor and they many assistant be labor over movieolas , stitching together the film . they be work with , believe it or not , 500 hour of filn . the whole building be a jungle of celluloid , the spool and film strip hang down like vine . not . romal =~ screening room night Howard 's Church . his retreat from the world . his peaceful oasis from everything and everyone , if such a thing be possible . the screen room be large and well - appoint . thick red velvet seat and a large screen , currently show some dogfight footage . we see Howard from behind . he be siumped in a chair , long leg stretch out on the seat ahead of he . shoe off . sipping a bottle of milk . the light from the projector flicker over he head . we revolve around he . see he face . and be surprised . he be unshaven . exhausted . his eye red . title : hell angel . year three . a red light blink over the double door to the room . howard who be it ? noah ( v.0 . ) noah . howard come in . noah enter . noah I have be on the phone to Houston for three solid hour now ~- we be fix every goddamn book we have but -- howard wait . ( continued ) continued : he watch the screen . dogfight footage . he pick up a phone to the projection booth : howard ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) run reel ten . I think we be duplicate a shot ... and tell Jimmy I would like ten chocolate chirp cookie . medium chip , none too close to the outside . thanks ... ( hang up , continue to noah ) ... hate chocolate on my hand . do you remember this shot from reel ten ? noah no , I do not remember anything from reel ten . I do not know what reel ten be . I be a businessman , Howard . so be you ... he sit . he speak very seriously . very gently . noah ( cont 'd ) this have be a great ride and we have have a hell of a lot of fun ... but you be lose 25,000 doilar a day do this . every day . . howard what be my option ? noah . I do not know that you have any . I be afraid you gotta close it down and dig you way out ... I be sorry , Howard . I truly be . a long beat as Howard 's movie flicker . he watch it , he dream . then the flicker stop . the dream go . darkness . the oniy sound be Howard 's steady breathe . projectionist ( v.o. ) reel ten , Mr. Hughes . another reel start up . flicker light . more dogfight action . howard mortgage toolco . every asset . noah look at he . prays he have not hear correctly . howard ( cont 'd ) you hear I . noah if you do that you could lose everything . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) howard I will not . a beat . noah all right . I will get into it . howard thanks . noah rise , leave the room with the gait of a sleepwalker . Howard sit , watch the movie . then he feel something on the arm of he chair . grease ? dirt? Dust ? imaginary ? Real ? he look at the arm of he chair : howard Pov -- extreme closeup -- the texture of the fabric of the arm of the chair . he slowly raise he hand and hold they up l:ke a surgeon after scrubbing . a disquieting image . then we hear the sound of a roaring crowd , take we to ... ext . hollywood boulevard . evening ..- the crowd roar be deafen . it be the biggest night in Hollywood . ever . the open of hell angel . a endless series of limousine slowly crawl up to the overwrought splendor of grauman 's chinese , dispense the elite to a blood red carpet . mass of people fill the sidewalk . Savage klieg light stab to the heaven . we take in the barely control hysteria as we hear a radio announcer : radio announcer ( v.o. ) +.» more than half a million good soul lining the curb of Hollywood boulevard . everyone be here tonight for the unveil of hell angel , Howard Hughes ' four million dollar epic . you hear I right , lady and gentleman , four million smackeroos ... we sweep down to find the Radio announcer coiled like a cobra behind a stand microphone on the red carpet at grauman 's , narrate the action . ( conttniued } continued : we can see johnny meyer on the red carpet as weil , direct traffic pattern into the theater and glad-hand . radio announcer ( cont 'd ) ... it be ... the most expensive Movie ever make ! nothing five - and-dime for we Mr. Hughes ... ( he see johnny meyer wave to he ) ... and now , lady and gentleman , I think -- yes , yes -- I can iust see Mr. Hughes ' car arrive now ... Howard 's limo pull up , he emerge with jean harlow , the beautiful movie starlet . he be utterly unprepare for the enormity of the response -- blind camera flash -- the flashbulb instantly eject and replace -- the shout question from reporter -- the harsh phosphorous glare of the klieg light ~- the great mob surging forward like a river dangerously close to crest its bank . the fan not only cheer and shout now , they scream . a few desperate hand clutch forward through the throng , past the row of security guard , try to touch , to feel , to be . Howard see the grasp hand , disquieting . howard Pov -- extreme closeup -- the grasp hand , the dirty nail -- the filth -- the scream , . gape mouth of the fan -- Jean harlow play to the camera with efficient grace . radio announcer ( cont 'd ) . Mr. Hughes escort the lovely starlet Jean harlow tonight . he discover she for this picture and we think she platinum blonde lock and hot -jazz - babydoll style be gonna make she a big star .. ( he beckon to they ) Mr. Hughes ! how ' bout a word ? Howard escort Jean toward the Radio announcer . he be shocked to find that they be tread over a sea of eject flashbulb . the flashbulb crunch under they foot as they move down the red carpet . they arrive at the Radio announcer : radio announcer ( cont 'd ) Big night for you , Mr. Hughes ! Howard can not hear over the scream crowd . ( continued ) continued : radio announcer ( cont 'd ) ( a little louder ) Big night for you tonight ! ( continued ) continued : howard very big . radio announcer tell we what it be like make this fabulous picture . Howard either do not hear or choose not to respond . howard yes . radio announcer . yeah , um -- so , four million clam from you own pocket , nervous how the flick will fly ? howard Big night ... enjoy the show . he lead Jean toward the theater : jean take it easy , cutie , the picture 's gonna do great . howard I will tell you , if it do not , I be gonna fly my plane out over the ocean and take a nose dive , straight down . she laugh . he do not . they go into the auditorium . int . grauman' chinese _ night needless to say , the unwash mass be not inside . the huge auditorium be crowded with tuxedo and gowns . hell angel play on the massive screen . the crowd love it , ooh and aah the aerial pyrotechnics on the screen . Howard sit , nervous , with Jean . hell angel end . Howard slowly exhales . the applause begin ... build ... a cascade wave of applause . the audience stand . they face Howard . applaud . Howard see noah stand , applaud with a look of unbelievable relief . Howard smile . jean stand up , slim , take a bow . ( continued ) continued : Howard finally stand and wave a bit shyly . the crowd cheer for he . he smile . int . grauman' chinese _ later Howard stride with Jean through the lobby , toward the door out . a few aide be follow , scribbling in pad . ( continued ) continued : howard .-- and reel four play way too long . too many cough . get Harry and the team out of the party and cet they over to the office -- I want to cut a few shot tonight -- and find Glenn odekirk . somebody write this down : flush rivet . you get that ? flush rivet . aide nscribble in a pad ) " flush rivet . " Howard sweep through the door and out of the lobby to -- ext . grauman' chinese . night Howard stride from the theater and be meet with half a million scream . 's half a million cheer . the flashbulb assault . the klieg light swing in . he ' stand , look around at the sea of face . the woman . the promise . he smile . the thin young man from Houston , all of 24 year old , have arrive . ext . — beach day a movie crew be on a lunch break . then a whine from above ... grow into a roar from beyond the cloud ... ( continued ) continued : a large sikorsky amphibian seaplane sweep through the cloud . it be a dramatic if rather a ungainly beast , all wing and convex hull . the sikorsky make a perfect landing on the beach . thunder to a roll stop . the movie people watch , speechless , as Howard climb from the sikorsky like Apollo from he chariot . he stride across the beach . he approach a tall , lean woman loung on a deck chair under a umbrella , she long leg stretch out . she wear pants . he stop before she . howard I read in the magazine that you play golf . the woman look up at hin . woman on occasion . howard how about nine hole ? a beat as she consider he . . woman now , Mr. Hughes ? howard if it would be convenient , miss hepburn . and katharine hepburn smile . ext . golf course day the golf ball sail straight down the fairway . it do not slice . it do not hook , it would not dare . it 's perfect . kate hepburn insist on perfection . there be a crisp , lean strength to kate . she hold herself back . she control . she be also exceedingly verbal , word pour out of she in stream - of - consciousness flash . she be madden . she be magnificent . Howard watch she ball sail over the fairway and land . perfectly . he line up he shot . swing . very nice . but not perfect . ( cont tinied | continued : kate you be not extend enough on you follow through ... she speak very quickly . and as if she perfect tooth be perpetually clench together . perhaps they open a few millimeter to allow she to eat . she briskly take off after she ball . he follow . kate ( cont 'd ) follow through be everything in golf . just like life , do not you find ? -- ( she laugh for a millisecond ) -- saw you scarface picture . violent . howard realistic . kate movie be movie , Howard , not life . now the stage be real . Real flesh - and -blood human being right there in front of you , buster . can not look away . can not munch popcorn . that would be rude . you like the theater ? howard no . kate I adore the theater . only alive on stage . I will teach you . we will see some ibsen . if the Republicans have not outlaw he by now . you be not a Republican , be you ? could not abide that . how do you vote in ' 32 ? howard I do not . kate you must . it 's you Sacred franchise ! she arrive at she ball . line up . another perfect shot . her ball bounce to the green . he line up . another good shot that also bounce to the green . she stride along . he follow . kate ( cont 'd ) Heard you be woo Ginger Rogers . what about that ? howard she 's a friend . ( conttnited ) continued : kate Men can not be friend with woman , Howard . they must possess they or leave they be . it 's a primitive urge from the cave man day . it 's all in darwin . hunt the flesh , kill the flesh , eat the flesh . that 's the male sex all over . howard ( can not hear ) Excuse I ? kate well , if you be deaf you must own up to it . get a hearing aid . or see my father . he 's a urologist but it 's all tie up inside the body , do not you find ? I keep healthy . I take seven shower a day to keep clean . also because I be what be so vulgarly refer to as '' outdoorsy . " they move to the green . kate ( cont 'd ) I be not " outdoorsy . " I be athletic . I sweat . there it be . now we both know the sordid truth . I sweat and you be deaf , be not we a fine pair of misfit ? she line up and putt . perfectly . the ball 's roll into the hole . kate ( cont 'd ) Three . Howard line up . putt . miss the hole by a inch . kate ( cont 'd ) . ( delighted ) Noble effort . he tap the putt in . kate ( cont 'd ) so I suppose you be woo I now . ah well . she stride off to the next hole . int . h-1 airplane hanger day Howard 's hand ... he fingertip ... slowly move across a plain of shine metal . he 's reflect in the aluminum skin of the h - 1 , he amazing new racer place . ( cont tnued continued : he run he hand along the entire fuselage of the almost complete plane . Glenn and he team of engineer and mechanic wait nervously , watch Howard 's hand . Howard continue to move along the fuselage , he fingertip feel the plane . sensual . then he fingertip undulate over a line of rivet on the fuselage . he do not like that . jack frye follow Howard as he inspect the plane . Jack , 30' , be a landmark figure in commercial aviation . he be a former wwi ace and barnstormer . his sweet , round face disguise he passionate commitment to he cause . for he be also ... title : Jack frye. President of twa Airlines . jack ++. now we get a fleet of DC - 3's . but they be completely underpower for we route . we get the long route straight across the damn country , right ? so I figure we ' gotta get into the design racket . Howard complete he inspection , turn to Glenn and he engineer : howard not enough ... ( the engineer will ) ... the rivet have to be completely flush , every screw and joint countersunk . no wind resistance on the fuselage . she 's gotta be clean , odie . Glenn return to he engineer as Jack continue to Howard : jack so anyway , we be look to build a new plane . howard what kinda plane ? jack okay . the DC - 3 have 21 daytime seat and 14 overnight berth . it have a ceiling of 7000 foot -- howard something bigger . jack . try 50 seat . with a ceiling of 12,000 foot . howard no. 20,000 ... ( Jack look at he , stunne ) ... what do 20,000 foot give you ? ( continued ) continued : jack less turbulence . howard right . ' Cause it 's above the weather ... you want to fly above the weather . jack Jesus ... howard only one percent of the american population have ever set foot on a commercial airliner . because they be scared to death . and they should be . 7,000 foot be bumpy as shit +.. we build a plane that fly above the weather and we could get every man , woman and child in this country to feel safe up there ... the future be a plane with the ability to fly high and long ... across the country ... across the world . Jack be transfix by Howard 's bold vision . howard ( cont 'd ) now listen , I do not want to get into all this if you board do not have the ball for it . will they support we ? jack i.do not know . they be tight bastard . howard : what 's you financial picture ? jack not great . howard last year 's deficit ? jack 770,000 . howard what 's it sell at ? jack around eight dollar a share . Howard consider . howard I think I can do that . ( cont tnurd } continued : jack do what ? howard buy it . Jack stare at he . jack you wanna buy the airline ? howard sure , do not want a bunch of pencil- push accountant get in the way of we plane . gimme brass tack now . what do control interest in twa cost I ? jack call it 15 million . Howard whistle . howard that 's a chunk of change ... ( check he watch ) ... listen I gotta date . call noah Dietrich and have he start buy . jack Howard -- hold on -- be you sure ? you wanna maybe think about it for five minute ? howard ( smile ) Hell , Jack , you wanna play with the toy , you gotta own the store . he stride off . Jack watch he go , dumbstruck . and Howard be on he way toward own a airline . int cocoanut grove nightclub night a explosion of 1930 's glamour . a sea of tuxedo and shimmer dress . the orchestra bounce something with a roll swing edge . dancer float around the dance floor in imperfect imitation of Fred and Ginger . ( continued ) continued : the maitre do lead Howard and kate to they table : maitre do how go the '' aviation " , Mr. Hughes ? howard just fine , Pete . maitre do I be so glad . he present they table with a flourish , effortlessly pull out kate 's chair and snap he finger to they waiter simultaneously . the maitre De disappear and they waiter instantly appear in he place . waiter good evening , Mr. Hughes . Madame ... the usual , Mr. Hughes ? howard please . waiter and may I recommend for the lady we clementine soup follow by roast wild duck with currant glaze and poach pear in rise sauce , it 's truly divine . kate ah -- that sound fine . the waiter smile and then crisply disappear . kate , use to she fair share of attention , be actually speechless at the attention be pay to Howard . he smile , almost embarrassed . kate ( cont 'd ) you kind of joint , be it ? would not have think . howard they be open late . I go to a hot dog stand on La cienega too . they be open until four . kate be they ? how grand . a familiar face bob through the crowd toward they : johnny meyer . a rather liquid errol flynn with he . johnny Howard ! sonofagun ! ( cont tnued '' continued : they join kate and Howard . errol , every inch the dash movie star , sloshes in next to kate . she heartily disapprove of they both . howard kate , this be johnny meyer , sorta my press agent . johnny pleased-ta-meet-ya-loved-ya-in-alice-adams . kate you be too kind . howard and you know errol , I be sure . errol ( kiss she hand ) kate , kate , kate of the clench - jaw hepburns . enchant as always . you should use lux on you hand , by the way , I do . johnny kate -- ( she be offended by he chummy familiarity ) -- you and Howard ought to cook up a picture . costar with errol . I could sell that in spade . kate oh , I think not . do not you read variety , Mr. meyer ? I be " box Office poison . " I be on the out , the skid , the doldrum . washed - up , day - old fish not worth the eat , so they tell I . errol Hell with them . soulless prick to a man ... ( he sloshes he gaze to Howard ) ... johnny tell I you be think about do a western , of all goddamn thing . howard yeah , gonna call it the outlaw -- johnny ( to kate ) and you know what it 's about ? s-e-x ! it 's all about S - e-x ! howard it 's a western . ( continued ) continued : errol ( to Howard ) you can not have fornication in a western . be not do , old boy . ( cont tnued ) continued : johnny it 's not real sex , it 's movie sex . the waiter appear and serve kate 's soup : waiter clementine soup for the lady ... ( present Howard 's spartan meal with a flourish ) ... New York cut steak , twelve peas , bottle of milk with the cap on . the waiter go . Howard carefully remove the cap from he milk as : : errol now , Howard , if you be talk about finally put carnality on the silver screen , you must swear to let I sit in on the casting session ... as errol speak he casually reach to Howard 's plate and pick up a pea . toss it in he mouth . Howard freeze , stare at he plate . kate notice . howard Pov -- extreme closeup -- he plate -- the peas . all sound drop to a sense of he muffle deafness . to Howard there be something horrible about he plate now . it have be infect by errol 's touch . Howard tear himself back to reality : howard I have to go ... ( he stand , offer he hand to kate ) ++. if you will excuse we , we have to be somewhere . errol you be somewhere , Howard . howard somewhere else . kate take he hand and rise . kate charme , gentleman . do help yourself to the poach pear , I hear they be divine . errol and johnny be a little mystify as Howard lead she away . Howard and kate cut through the crowd : ( cont tnurd continued : kate ( cont 'd ) my hero ... God , all that Hollywood taik bore I silly . as if there be not more important thing in the world ! mussolini , for one . where be we go , by the way ? howard feel like a little adventure ? kate do you worst , Mr. Hughes . int . / ext sikorsky amphibian night night fly . there be nothing like it . the star and the moon glimmer above and the light of Los Angeles glimmer below . the whole world seem a ebony ribbon with no horizon . it be dangerous and utterly free . Howard pilot the sikorsky , kate in the co-pilot 's seat next to he . he soar down , swoop dangerously close over the roof of some house in the Hollywood Hills , buzzing they . howard that 's Mr. mayer ... do you know where Jack Warner life ? she laugh . she be entrance . alive . her sense tingling with every new sensation . her eye be draw to wheel ahead of she . there be something a bit peculiar about it . it be wrap in cellophane . she touch the crinkly cellophane . kate what 's this on the steering wheel ? howard cellophane ... if you have any idea of the crap people carry around on they hand . kate what kind of " crap " ? howard you do not want to know ... hold onto the wheel a bit . get a feel for it . do not worry , I have get the plane . she take the wheel ahead of she firmly . ( continued ) continued : howard ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) too hard ... relax you hand ... ( he show she ) ... you want to feel the vibration of the engine through you fingertip ... you feel that ? kate yes . howard that 's good ... ( he take he hand off he wheel ) she 's all yours . kate golly ... ( he stand ) ... where be you go ?! ( continued ) continued : howard I think there 's some milk back there . you just keep we steady . he move to the rear of the plane and search for a bottle of milk as she fly the plane . he watch she . smile . she absolutely love it . total control . ; kate Howard , there 's a rather alarming mountain head we way . howard pull back on the wheel a smidge . she pull back on the wheel and soar over some hill . kate golly ! he return to he seat with a bottle of milk as : howard I have never meet someone who actually say " golly . " you want I to take over ? kate just when I be get the hang of it ? he smile as she pilot the plane . he look at she , then at the bottle of milk . a beat . should he do it ? howard want some milk ? kate please . he carefully bring the milk bottle to she lip . she drink . a bit of milk trickle down she chin . he gently wipe it away . they sit , content in silence , as they soar through the night . ext . wilshire country club dawn the sikorsky be come in for a landing , quite improbably head toward the fairway of the wilshire country Club . continued : the plane sweep between some impossibly tight tree -- barely wide enough -- and roll to a stop in the middle of a fairway . house can be see in the distance at the edge of the fairway . Howard and kate emerge . kate +.. utterly smash ! we will do it again . i'm free Wednesday . a little early for golf though ; do not you think ? howard no , I live here . would you like a drink ? kate lead on . Howard lead she toward he house , a lovely affair on the edge of the golf course . she glance . back at the plane in the middle of the fairway : kate ( cont 'd ) now that make for a challenging par four . he laugh and help kate over some low shrub to he backyard , the sikorsky .. remain behind they as if it be a car casually park in he driveway . int , _____mutrfifld -~ live room ______ dawn Howard 's house , on muirfield in hancock Park , be refine . too refine for Howard . Howard prepare a drink for kate . they have comfortably switch role : he be talk and she be watch . ( continued ) continued : howard ++». my " decorator " pick out the wall paper and such . I hate this room . give I the willy . like I be about to be swallow up by the latest issue of town and country - - ~ she stride across the room , without a word , and kiss he deeply . on she term . he be surprised . responds . she gently pull she lip away , only inch from he : kate what room do you like ? howard my study . kate take I there ... she kiss he again ... they kiss as he lead she through the house ... they float through the house , little kiss and embrace along the way ... howard you be the tallest woman I know ... kate and all sharp elbow and knee , beware ... they continue to kiss as they move through the house , flow effortlessly around each other ... kate ( cont 'd ) will you fly I to work tomorrow ? howard it be tomorrow . they kiss they way into ... int . muirfield ~- den dawn ... Howard 's inner sanctum . the beat heart of the muirfield house . Dark , wood - panele wall , film editing machine and bank of electronics equipment . a huge desk with several phone , all of which have amplifier to help with this deafness . french door open to the spacious backyard and , beyond that , the fairway of the wilshire country Club . param tatimad t continued : Howard and kate swirl around each other , they passion building . she be confident and enjoy he . he find a powerful release in she firm touch . there be no hesitation , no game . it be passionate connection . it be honest . his fingertip glide over she skin , imperceptibly take we to ... . not . [ = lane ger + ++ Howard 's fingertip glide over the smooth , silver skin of the h - 1 . Glenn and the engineer await he verdict . incredibly tense . he duck down and continue to feel along the underside of the fuselage . his finger glide slowly . he sweep up again and complete he inspection , continue to the tail of the racer . he stand . look at the other . smile . ext . martin field day a more unlikely location for a such a important moment in Howard 's life would be hard to imagine . Martin field be a crude landing strip near Santa Ana . paltry bett field surround the air strip . there be no crowd . no glamour . in the distance , a few bored pilot tinker with ancient plane by a primitive quonset hut " terminal . " Three official timer and a few associate stand by a red flag plant in the ground at one end of the dirt runway . another red flag and timer can be see in the distance down the runway . title : September 13 , 1935 . National aeronautic Association speed Trial . the h - 1 defy the unimpressive surroundings . it shine in the sunlight , sleek and muscular in the exact perfect measure . Howard walk with Glenn toward the plane : glenn ... keep you eye on the fuel gauge -- we have a minimum of fuel to keep she weight down . two run . that 's it . after that , you be fly on vapor and then you crash and then you die . toa tation '' continued : howard right . glenn just give she easy fly , do not worry about speed . and do not even think about the record today ... ( they arrive at the plane ) ... honest to God , I wish you would let someone else take she up -- you get 20 damn test pilot work for you -- howard Hell , why should I let someone else have all the fun ? then , impulsively , he take Glenn 's brown fedora and put it on he head . howard ( cont 'd ) see ya in a bit . and he climb into the plane . int . / ext . CA Howard settles into the tight cockpit . he fasten he shoulder harness as he gaze at a amazing array of toggle and dial ahead of he on the control panel . he have bear to sit in a cockpit like this . he be completely at home in the mad jumble of leather and steel and dial and switch . the complexity delight he . the option . he slowly put he hand around the stick , finger by finger . get the feel for the stick . feel good . then he flick the engine start toggle and push ignition . the plane 's engine thunder to life . a elegant cascade of power . outside , Glenn listen to the engine , eye close . then he give Howard the thumb -up . Inside , Howard respond and start the plane move . this be foreplay . the h - 1 roll down the dirt landing strip . reaches the end . turn in one smooth motion . ( continued ) continued : Howard see the strip ahead of he . plenty long enouyh . he glance to the red flag . hanging listlessly . no wind . Fine . he will do it without any help from the wind . stasis . he wait . the engine prepare . he prepare . and then the most gentle pressure on the foot pedal and stick ... «.- and the h - 1 begin to move . gain speed . Howard put more pressure on the stick and throttle . the foreplay be over . time to let the cat out of the bag . more pressure on the stick . his foot dance over the floor pedal . it happen so quickly we be unprepare . the h - 1 accelerate in a blind silver flash -- engine sing -- and be suddenly airborne . the three timer from the National aeronautic Association be absolutely stunne as the h - 1 zoom past they , knock they hat off . Glenn smile . Howard 's engineer and mechanic cheer . Howard have never know acceleration like this ! the cockpit be vibrate like mad . the needle fall off he compass . the world be shoot past he . his put he leave hand on he right wrist , steadying he hand on the stick . he bank the plane around , back toward the field , the earth rotate dramatically below he . and he fly . pure speed . he force the stick . the engine rise to the challenge . his eye dart over all the dial . he see the red flag below . first run . Zip -- and he be past they . below , the three timer click stopwatch . Howard bank the plane again . too sharply . the plane veer . he control he energy . level out . take a breath . Zoom toward the red flag . the air field near . Howard play the stick and throttle . the engine embrace he challenge . second run . Zip -- and he be past they . loanttntton y continued : the stopwatch click . Glenn breathes a sigh of relief . but Howard be not do . he take the plane a little farther out this time . bank around . he be comfortable now . just get the feel for the plane . can not stop now . he know what the plane like . what give it pleasure . he very . gently force the stick ' and throttle a bit more -- ' the engine respond to he -- be that a roar of protest ? or be : it satisfaction ? give I some more ? -- the whole world be . vibrate madly now =~ another dial needle fall from the control panel . the stick be buck in he hand now -- he use both hand to steady it . third run . the h - 1 sweep through the sky faster than any plane have ever fly . Zip -- and he be past they . the stopwatch click . Howard smile . howard good girl . ( continued ) continued : ext . martin field . following the h - 1 can be see circle in the distance to return to the field , its engine roaring , as Glenn hurry to the clutch of timer : timer ( stunne ) 352 mile per hour ... Glenn turn to the other engineer : glenn 352 !! they cheer wildly -- then -- sudden silence . Glenn spin , alarmed -- the incredible roar from the h - 1 engine be now silent . it have die . Glenn see the plane beginning to soar down to a bett field in the distance . glenn ( cont 'd ) oh God ... he see the h - 1 disappear into the bett field -- ext , ___________beet field sc following the h - 1 make a emergency belly landing ~- a thunder jolt -- earth and beet explode -- it tear through the bett field as it slide -- ext martin field following Glenn and the engineer watch in stunne disbelief . engineer well , there go we meal ticket . glenn come on ! they race to wait car . ext . beet field _ day the car tear through the bett field , follow the trail cut by the h - 1 . they slam to a stop . Glenn climb out . can not believe what he see . Howard be sit calmly on the engine cowl of the h - 1 , make note . his lucky fedora push back on he head . howard how would we do ? glenn 352 on the last run . Howard continue to make note , do not look up . howard she will go faster . Glenn and the engineer move to the ravage plane . and to the fastest man on the planet . nt. muirfield day Howard limp in , excited . howard kate ! Katie ! kate ( v.o. ) upstair ! he hobble through the house quickly , up the stair to ... in 's eld _ - — ste ! ro ! day kate be sit on the bed read a script , make note , very much at home . Howard limp in . kate Lord , what happen to you --? howard oh , nothing -- hard landing . cut my foot . you '1ll -- kate sit down , I will . take care of it . tell I everything ! he sit and carefully remove he shred shoe as she go to the bathroom to get antiseptic and bandage . howard you can not imagine what it be like , Katie ! you can not imagine the speed -- she be fine , just fine ! kate ( from bathroom ) what would she make ? howard oh ... around ... 352 . she emerge from the bathroom , stunne . kate you do it . howard fastest man on the planet . she race to he and kiss he , joyous -- kate oh , well do ! I be so proud of you --! continued : howard she do it , baby . kate now let I see you foot -- good God you be cover in blood ! . howard no , that 's bett juice . I crash in a bett field . she look at he red , bett juice - cover foot for a beat . and then laugh . as do he . the absurdity of Howard 's grand adventure kill they . kate . here let I get you fix up -- heavens , what be this , electrical tape ? she begin try to clean the small cut on the sole of he foot as : howard odie just sorta slam it on -- want to get home to tell you . kate I be so proud of you -- this be go to sting a little bit -- ( he wince as she clean the wound ) -- this be useless , come to the bathroom . and do not get bett juice on the carpet ! she help he hop into ... int . muirfield ~~ master bath following kate sit down . he sit on the edge of the tub . she turn the tap and carefully clean the bett juice off he foot . howard too hot ! kate do not be a baby . be the press there ? howard no , they be call everyone . she turn off the tap and begin clean he wound . continued : howard ( cont 'd ) should be on the wire by now ... ( a beat ) ... what be it ? a beat as she gently clean he wound . howard ( cont 'd ) kate ? she begin to carefully dress he wound , deep in think . kate I have be famous -- for better or worse -- for a long time now ... I wonder if you know what that really means . howard I get my fair share of press on hell angel . I be use to it . kate be you ? she stop dress he wound . consider whether to go on . she will . she sit back , lean against a bathroom wall , look at he deeply . kate ( cont 'd ) Howard , we be not like everyone else . too many sharp angle . too many eccentricity . we have to be very careful not to let people in or they will make we into freak . howard Katie , they can not get in here . we be safe . kate they can always get in ... when my brother kill himself there be photographer at the funeral ... there 's no decency to it . she resume dress he wound . a long beat . he be deep in think . howard ( very quietly ) look at I , Katie ... she stop dress he wound and look at he . he be completely honest . completely vulnerable . continued : . howard ( cont 'd ) sometimes I feel like ... well , I get this idea ... crazy idea about thing that may not really be there ... kate Howard ... howard --- sometimes I truly fear I be lose my mind ... do you understand ? ... if I do , it would be like fly blind , with no compass , no window . she take he hand . kate you teach I to fly , Howard . I will take the wheel . he hold she closely , desperately . int . juan trippe' office -- pan am — day a globe . the world . Juan trippe 's world . we take in the globe as we hear a radio news report , there be a roaring crowd in the background of the radio report : radio announcer ( v.o. ) .- yes , young Howard Hughes have do it ! -- flown all the way around the entire world in three day and nineteen hour . beating wiley Post 's record by almost half ! american 's number one Aviation hero be now the fastest man on the Planet ...! we. discover the mammoth globe fill the center of . trippe 's , New York office . it deserve to . Pan be be tiffany when everyone else in the game be woolworths . the familiar blue - and - white Pan be logo loom behind ... title : Juan trippe . President of Pan be Airways . juan trippe sit behind he desk , smoking a pipe , do paperwork . the radio be on he desk . trippe be every inch the elite Yale graduate . he be bear to wear tweed and he do . he be one of the true father of commercial aviation ; the unquestion overlord of Pan be , America 's only international airline . he be brilliant , innovative and lethal . he will soon become Howard 's absolute nemesis . ( continued ) continued : the radio report continue to declaim Howard 's triumph . trippe rather sourly turn it off . click . he continue to work in silence . then a executive enter . trippe cast a baleful eye up at the interruption . executive you be not go to believe this . just come over the wire ... Howard Hughes just buy control of twa . a beat as trippe look at he . trippe I think Mr. Hughes be fly around the world ? executive apparently he do while he be fly -- over the radio . trippe be impressed with Howard 's panache . he think . ( continued ) continued : trippe I have hear some ... disquieting rumor about Mr. Hughes . I would certainly like to know everything there be to know about Mr. Hughes ... attend to it . thoroughly . he return to he paperwork . ext , — — — scscwd pantage theater cnt ghtt a sudden attack of flashbulb . a brutal machine gun assault . Howard and kate be trap on the red carpet outside a movie - premiere at the glorious pantage . he endure the attack . she seem to enjoy it . a cacophony of voice . gossip hound and fan and reporter and photographer : voice howard ! ~- miss hepburn ! -~ when ya gonna name the day , howard ?! -- what about ginger .rogers ?! ~- howard ! -- mr . hughes ! he do he best to smile . to survive . he note kate pose , bend to the photographer slightly , give they she best side , show off she gown to the best advantage . her eye seem immune to the cruel flash . but the photographer be not much interested in she . they point they camera at Howard . continue to call question to he . he pull at she arma bit , want to go . she resist . he.wait for she . performance to end . one - fact be glaringly obvious : they be all more interested in Howard than in she . int . ss pantage theater -~ lobby _____ night finally through the door , Howard escort kate through the lobby . kate you know fame be suppose to be my turf . ( continued ) continued : she see Louis B. mayer stand with a pack of he mgm croney . she pull she arm away from Howard and float to mayer . Howard stand for a moment , lose , watch she . shs sparkles for mayer . then a bewitch form float past he , she voice purring : ava do not worry , Howard , she 's just work the room ... ava gardner be the most beautiful woman in the world . a siren . a tigress . currently on the arm of a movie executive . ava ( cont 'd ) it 's she job , baby . she wink to Howard and continue into the theater . Howard watch kate with mayer and he croney . they laugh . glance in he direction . kate be be very amusine about something . howard Pov -- extreme closeup -- kate and mayer -- laugh , open mouth , eye look at he -- he deafness be '' overpower , he can not hear what they be say . his paranoia be extreme . it be unbearable . he escape to the bathroom . int . pantage theater -- men' room following Howard go to a row of shine sink . he reach into he jacket pocket and remove a small cake of lye soap . carefully unwrap it . then begin to wash he hand . a toilet flush in a stall behind he . he glance back in the mirror . a unusual amount of movement inside the stall . he continue to look in the mirror as he wash he hand , curious . then the stall door open and a man lurch out of the stall awkwardly . he be on arm crutch . Polio . Howard watch as the man jerk he way across the room , slowly near the sink next to he . Howard be trap . polio man hello . howard '' hello . ccont tinued y continued : Howard watch as the man wash he land , leanine forward on he arm crutch . polio man could you reach I a towel ? Howard turn . a neat stack of white towel next to he . he turn back to the man . howard I can not really do that . I be sorry . the man look at he . okay . he jerk he way past Howard and dry he hand . Howard look away . focus on he wash he hand . the man jerk he way out , _of the bathroom . Howard let out a few deep breath . P. -- following Howard emerge from the men' room . kate be wait . kate I be a idiot and I be sorry . howard ( smile ) forget . it -- kate I be a vain , preen ass without a single redeem feature . howard that 's not fair . you have very good tooth . she laugh . he offer he arm to lead she into the auditorium . howard ( cont 'd ) come on ... kate I have a better idea . take I fly . better yet , I will take you fly . howard do you worst , miss hepburn . they leave the theater . the flashbulb explode again as they go . int . car ~~ fenwick day . something we have never see in this siiory . fall . yellow and red leave . New England . Howard and kate be drive up the long drive to a huge house . it be fenwick . the hepburn 's ancestral Connecticut manor and home to kate 's patrician yankee clan . kate do not be so squirmy , Howard . you be go to get on famously with mother and father . and I be almost sure they will like you too . once they get to know you . he glance at she . ahead of they Howard can see the hepburns cavort about the huge lawn as they approach . pedigree degs run hither and yon . servant scurry here and there . other kinfolk , extend relation , play croquet enthusiastically . the robust mrs . hepburn appear to be do something like calisthenics . or perhaps dance . Howard 's not quite sure . the slightly more reserve dr . hepburn be painting on the porch . another man be happily filming everything with a home movie camera . he swing the camera toward the car as it approach . howard who 's that with the camera ? kate my ex-husband , ludlow . mother and father be mad about luddy . howard what the hell 's he do here ?! kate oh , he 's here all the time . Howard stop the car and kate leap out ... ext . fenwic : win . kate float from the car and embrace she parent , snap into a heighten and arch persona appropriate to she family . her usual role with they . ludlow film . then he turn the camera to Howard . raanmrarien , continued : Howard climb out of the car . stands . utterly lose . kate hepburns ! hepburns ! attention pleise ! ... everyone ! this ++. be Howard ! a huge great dane race up and leap on Howard . welcome to fenwick where all the blood be blue and all the jaw be clench . int . fe ) ck -~ DI oom . everyone be talk at once . and all very quickly . the huge great dane have take quite a shine to Howard . it sleep across one of he foot under the table . trapping he . dinner at the hepburns be a thrill experience , if you like juggling axe blindfolded . mrs . hepburn ++. we pay we devotion to the art here . a colony we have create . Julian be a painter -- ( Howard look around , who the hell be Julian ? ) -- abstract of course . what the hell 's the point of painting something real when you can just take a picture nowadays , do not you agree ? where do you stand on politics , Mr. Hughes ? howard Excuse I ? mrs . hepburn we be all socialist here ! kate we be not . mrs . hepburn yes , I have say it ! sacco and vanzetti and all that ! now you have meet Mr. Roosevelt , what make you of he ? the great dane beneath Howard grunt and roll over . trapping both foot . Howard wince . ludlow what be you sniggering at ? howard Excuse I ? ( continued '' continued : ludlow you just sniggere . howard no , the dog . it 's crush my foot . dr . hepburn do not you like dog ? mrs . hepburn Young man , I will not have sniggering at Mr. Roosevelt at my table . please leave . howard I be not . ludlow Katie , do it stick in you craw that Howard here get more press than you do ? it kate 's a bless relief , I can tell you ! cameras out of my mug for once . ludlow what a shy creature you be . they laugh . howard Pov -- extreme closeup -- all that talk face -- the mountain of food , blood drip from the too rare roast beef , the sickly and glisten steam vegetable -- he hear a almost at once - ~ he force incomprehensible chatter of so many voice all talk himself to concentrate , tear himself back to reality : dr . hepburn . that 's the vulgar press , I be sure . read much , Mr. Hughes ? howard I try to stay up to snuff on the trade journal . another guest snuff ? mrs . hepburn this would by fly magazine ? howard sorry ? continued : kate he 's a little deaf . mrs . hepburn ( louder ) you read fly magazine ? howard Trade journal on engineering . Aviation . mrs . hepburn we read book . kate ( apologize for Howard ) Howard have to read the trade piece because he 's design a new airplane . ludlow ( not remotely interested ) do tell . at last , something he can talk about . howard well , it 's pretty exciting actually . it 's a spy plane for the Air Corps . a twin-engine plane with some really interesting design feature , it have two boom at the back , which be -- mrs . hepburn luddy build a bird house once . you remember that , dear ? ludlow a mere trifle , darling . dr . hepburn ( conspiratorially to Howard ) I be a urologist . mrs , hepburn . it be quite aesthetic really . bird do not care for it much , but the bat do . howard I will bet . mrs . hepburn do speak up , dear . continued : howard nothing . mrs. hepburn then why do you speak ? I can not abide people who speak but have nothing to say . Howard glance to kate , she offer no assistance . ludlow do you go to mechanic school to learn all this airplane guff ? howard no . ludlow then how do you make all that money ? mrs . hepburn we do not care about money here , Mr. Hughes . howard ( terse ) that 's because you have it . a beat . a actual moment of silence . mrs . hepburn would you repeat that ? howard you do not care about money because you have it . and you have always have it . my father be dirt poor when I be bear -- ludlow back in torrid Houston would this be ? howard Excuse I ! -- ( back to Mrs. hepburn ) -- I care about money , because I know what it take out of a man to make it . now if you will excuse I , I have some " airplane guff " to take care of . he toss down he napkin , wrench he foot from under the dog , and stride out of the room . the hepburns consider . ludlow seem rather a highly strung chap . ( continued ) continued : kate you be a fine bunch of bully , be not you ? they continue eat . Howard be quickly forget by all . dr . hepburn '' have you talk to Mr. mayer about let you do jane eyre ? kate Old cretin will not budge . too '' arty " do not you know . I be convinced the man have not read anything longer than a Sunday " katzenjammer kid " in he life ... ext . fenwick -~ front lawn night a bit later . Howard stand on front lawn , deep in think . he aimlessly kick a croquet ball . it roll through a hoop . kate voice no fair kick , you have to use the mallet . she come to he . kate really , though , you can not retire from the field of battle like that or they will never respect you . howard Katie ... I do not understand . you be like a different person in there . kate . they just expect I to be a certain way ... but there 's only one real kate . you .. kate . she kiss he and they head back toward the house . L 1 = Jane Russell , larger than life , be press in on we , she breast threaten to devour we . again and again . daily from the outlaw . Howard sit , draw something we do not see on a pad . he occasionally glance up at the footage . his filmmake team sit behind he . Glenn and some of he engineer sit before he . ( continued ) continued : howard .. Edison use to say you never invent anything until there be a need for it -- well , there 's a need for this . you know how many ally ship we lose this year because of U - Boat attack ? glenn no . howard 681 ship , just this year , so far . the Army need a new plane to fly the troops over to Europe . ship be always gonna be too vulnerable to the u-beat . > glenn you wanna build a troop carrier plane ? howard stop think like a insect , odie . not just a plane to carry troops -- a plane to carry everything ! the troops and the tank and the jeep and whatnot ... he pull a fold - over headshct of a starlet from he jacket and hand it to Glenn . howard ( cont 'd ) take a look -- other side . Glenn flip the headshot over . and we see a pencil draw Howard have do of a new plane . a gigantic fly boat . we recognize it instantly . the hercules . the spruce Goose . glenn oh shit ... howard say 200 foot from nose to tail . wingspan around 300 . it 's gonna need around 24,000 horsepower -- glenn oh shit ! howard this be just what kaiser and the Army be look for - - do not worry , they will pay for it . glenn . | Christ , Howard , what be you get we into ?! ( continued ) continued : howard so it 's a big plane . that 's why I be call it the hercules . that 's a swell name be not it ? glenn how heavy do you imagine this thing be ? howard I would say around 200 ton . Glenn be staggered . a 200 ton plane ?! ( continued ) continued : howard ( cont 'd ) I do not say it be gonna be easy . he finally complete what he have be draw , he turn and show it to the filmmake team behind he . it be a very good engineering draw of a underwire bra . howard ( cont 'd ) rig up something like this , should give the proper uplift ratios while reduce the need for additional torque support on the front . I want smooth titty , gentleman . he turn back to Glenn with a smile : howard ( cont 'd ) it 's all engineering , be not it , odie ? Glenn consider Jane Russell 's breast on the screen . glenn Howard , you really think they be gonna let you put out a whole movie just about tit ? howard sure , who do not like tit ? cut to -- int. mpa hearing room day ten somber man in somber double - breast suit . Men who decidedly do not like tit . ( continued ) continued : title : motion picture Association censorship board . Professor fitz , Howard 's meteorologist , sit nervously at a long table before the panel of somber man . he have no idea why he be here . a number of large easel have be set up at the back of the room , face the panel . the easel apparently contain huge poster or something . cover in sheet . a silent beat as the panel gaze at poor Professor fitz . then Howard sweep in and sit . brisk . howard good afternoon , gentleman . sorry I be late . chairman will the secretary record that Mr. Hughes have arrive and this session will now be call to order . I yield '' the floor to Mr. breen . joseph breen , Hollywood 's censorship czar stand . breen : Mr. Hughes , member of the committee ... I have review Mr. Hughes ' photoplay entitle the outlaw and can state categorically that I have never see anything quite so unacceptable as the shot of the mammary of the character name " Rio . " throughout almost half the picture the girl 's mammary , which be quite large and prominent , be shockingly uncover . for this reason I have conclude that the picture appeal only to prurient interest and should be deny the motion picture Association 's seal of approval . he sit . chairman thank you , Mr. breen ... Mr. Hughes you may address the committee . howard ( stand ) thank you , Mr. Chairman . Mr. breen ... now the situation here seem to revolve around miss Russell 's " mammary . " Mr. breen feel that they be too prominent . more prominent than other " mammary " have be on the screen . with the help of my associate here I hope to dispel that notion ...- loanm tation W continued : he go to the easel at the back of the room . begins pull off the sheet , one by one . each easel contain a huge , enlarge photograph of breast and cleavage . just breast and cleavage . no head . howard ( cont 'd ) Jean harlow ... Ann sheridan ... irene dunne ... claudette Colbert ... rita hayworth ... Betty grable ... and Jane Russell . the panel member gape . Professor fitz gape . howard ( cont 'd ) now all of this shot , save for miss Russell , be enlarge from picture that receive Mr. breen 's seal of approval . as you have probably notice by now , they all contain " mammary . " I will ask my associate to join I tow . . '' Professor fitz rise and walk to Howard and the mammary , completely confuse . howard ( cont 'd ) May I introduce Dr. ludlow branson from Columbia University . he 's a mathematician of some note . Dr. branson will now demonstrate that , in fact , miss Russell 's " mammary " be no more prominent than any of this other fine lady . he hand the stunne Professor fitz a pair of caliper from he pocket . howard ( cont 'd ) you forget you caliper , Doctor . Howard return to he seat . Professor fitz improvise : professor fitz well ... gentleman ... ah ... you will see that in , um , mammary exhibit number one the length of the actual , cleavage , if I may , be ... ( he use the caliper ) ... five inch and quarter ... now if we go to , um , mammary exhibit number two we will find ... Professor fitz proceed gamely . Howard watch he . smile . then we hear kate : kate ( v.o. ) ... do not you see how degrade this be for I ?! of iuirfield -~ hallway night the cover of hollywood expose magazine , a sleazy rag show a picture of Howard with various female movie star . the bold cover title : the many love of howard hughes . Howard be roam , eat vanilla ice cream straight from the carton as kate follow . she hold the magazine . furious . kate do not you see how this demean I ?! howard since when do you care about the scandal rag ? kate every time there 's a picture of you with another woman it 's like a slap in the face , do not you understand that ?! howard that 's overstate it a bit , do not ya think ? quick flash : a series of newspaper photo of Howard with other woman . starlet and movie star . kate ( brandish magazine ) Joan Crawford , Ginger Rogers , Linda darnell , Joan fontaine ... and now bette Davis for God 's sake ! howard they're cracker Jack candy , honey . you know they do not : mean anything -- rate oh , very nice . howard you be the one who say all man be predator . it 's all ain darwin , remember ? he go into the de , she follow ... nt. irfield -~ den fo . wing kate and be I to expect this to continue after the wedding ? howard what 's really bother you ? be it the woman or the '' publicity ? continued : she finally explode : kate can't you eat ice cream from a BOWL like everyone else in the world ?! the phone on Howard 's desk ring . kate ( cont 'd ) do not you dare . he answer the phone . she be stunne . howard ( on phone ) yeah ? -~ this be not a good time , odie ... what ? ... ( he- be now completely focus on the phone conversation ) ... for Christ sake we can not make the hercules if we can not get any aluminum . wait ... ( he turn up the amplifier on he phone so he can hear better ) ... yeah , I can hear '' you now ... no ~-- you tell the War production board this be a éssential strategic operation and ... no ... kate steam . howard ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) .» look , if they be give aluminum to Douglas and northrop and boe they sure as hell can give some to Hughes aircraft ... . kate do not set the ice cream -- he set the messy ice cream carton on he desk . she know it will leave a ring . intolerable . howard ( on phone ) ... meantime , we gotta think of something else . if we can not get any aluminum we will have to find another way ... Christ , I do not know , find some alloy that work as well , you tell I ... right ... he continue on the phone . she stalk out . int . large sedan -- mgm _ day Howard and kate sit in the rear of a large sedan . Howard talk to Glenn in the front seat . a large Cuban man we will come to know as jorge drive . they be drive through the mgm lot . we watch kate 's face . cloud . sad. deep in think . ( continued ) continued : howard -- dammit , odie , if we can not get any aluminum we will use wood . glenn you can not make a 200 ton plane out of wood . howard why the hell not ?! the damn thing 's a fly boat . what do they use to make boat out of ?! think of the hercules like a Spanish galleon -- a goddamn fly Spanish galleon ! they pull up to kate 's trailer . he kiss she cheek . howard ( cont 'd ) I love you honey ... ( he continue to Glenn as she climb out of the car ) ... we just gotta find the right kind of wood -- something light but strong -- with the tensile property to work with the duramold bond ... ext . mgm lot day the sedan pull away as kate go into she trailer ... int . kate trailer day spencer tracy be sit comfortably rumple and relaxed in she trailer . he toss she a apple . she catch it . spencer tracy 's from my farm . if you like it I will get you a bushel . she take a bite of the apple . tear come to she eye . spencer tracy ( cont 'd ) trouble with Mr. Hughes ? kate there 's too much Howard Hughes in Howard Hughes . that 's the trouble . the new plane be brilliantly illuminate . it be Howard 's new twin-engine reconnaissance plane . even in this incomplete state the XF - 1l be dramatic . twin rear boom flanking a needle - nose cockpit . 65 foot long with a wingspan of 101 foot . extremely graceful line , smooth surface and streamline elegance . ( continued ) continued : the hanger be empty but for Howard . he stand at the plane , work , arm thrust into the gut of the engine . a radio play Christmas carol . ( continued ) continued : jack ( v.0 . ) beautiful ... Howard turn , Jack frye have just enter the hanger with ROBERT gross , the dignify President of lockheed . they be gaze at the new plane , dazzle . Howard go to they , clean he hand on a rag . gross ( smile ) do not you even take Christmas off ? Gross offer he hand . title : Robert gross. President of lockheed aircraft . howard ( not shaking ) sorry , get grease on my hand . Nice to see you , Bob . he hold up he finger for they to be quiet . then turn up the radio so they can not be overhear . howard ( cont 'd ) take a look ... she 's the XF - 11 reconnaissance flier , spy plane really . her top speed be 450 -- which mean she can outrun anything they throw against she . after the jap steal my h - 1 design for they goddamn Zero , I figure I need to do them one better . design every inch of she myself . gross she 's a looker . howard okay , what have you get for I ? Gross carry something cover in a cloth to a draft table . he pull off the cloth , revealing a model of a airplane . the constellation . if the XF - 1l1 be a radical design , the airplane model before Howard be nothing short of revolutionary . the plane 's shape be dolphin-like , elegantly dip down at the nose and then sloping up to the three vertical tail wing . four engine . Howard almost gasp . howard ( cont 'd ) jiminy cricket ... continued : gross seating capacity for 60 . wingspan 123 foot . four double cyclone engine . her ceiling be 25,000 foot . howard ( study the model ) Gross weight ? gross 86,000 . wing load to 41 pound psi . howard less drag on the plane in thin air , so at full mix you be look at a top speed of -- ( instantly do the math ) -- around 340 , give she a range of about ... Howard stop . a stun realization . howard ( cont 'd ) 3,000 mile . he look up at they . 3,000 mile . the magic number . howard ( cont 'd ) Cross country . jack non-stop . Howard continue to look at they . 3,000 mile . the sacred number . then he look more closely at Gross . howard you have something on you suit . gross what ? howard ( calm ) ' on you lapel , there 's something on you lapel . gross ( look ) where ? Howard hand he a handkerchief from he pocket . howard right there . clean it off , would ya ? ( continued ) continued : Gross clean a speck of lint off he lapel . offer the handkerchief back . howard ( cont 'd ) throw it away ... ( Gross move to a nearby trash can ) ... no , over there . Gross toss the handkerchief in a trash can a little further away . howard ( cont 'd ) so what do you call she ? . gross the constellation , but we can change that . howard no , it 's pretty . Howard tuck he hand into he pocket and walk away , deep in think . - . howard ( cont 'd ) I like she ... ( he glance in the trash can where Gross throw the handkerchief , disquieted ) ... what kind of deal can you give I ? ... ( he repeat the movement and word exactly , look into the trash can again ) ... what kind of deal can you give I ? gross we will give you the first 40 plane off the assembly line . jack that will give we about two year exclusivity with she . howard more than that . United and american do not have the imagination for a plane like this . jack two year ahead of Juan trippe then . Howard consider . finally turn back to they . howard how much ? gross 450,000 each . ( continued ) continued : howard 18 million for the first forty ... Hell , twa can not afford that . the damn airline be flat break ... I guess I will just have to pay for they myself ... ( to Gross ) ... build ‘em , Bob , and send the bill to noah Dietrich . thanks . he stride out of the hanger quickly . Jack and Gross look at each other . in the blink of a eye Howard have just place the large commercial aircraft order in history . jack merry Christmas . omitted int.____ muirfield -~ den day Howard be on the phone , highly amused : howard ( on phone ) ... now do not get all hysterical , noah , that 's not good for you ... ( smile ) ... yeah , I know , I know , I should have tell you but it just slip my mind ... kate enter . he be surprised to see she . howard ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) I will get back to you , thanks ... ( he hang up ) ... hey , honey , what be you do home ? kate ( crisply ) you be not one for tear and neither be I , so best to come out with it directly : I have meet someone . I have fall in love and I be move out . if I could make it more gentle I would , but I can not , so there we both be . howard ( stunne ) what ? ( continued ) continued : kate now let 's be honest , this have all be a grand adventure but it could not possibly last . we be too alike you and I - howard you meet someone ? kate someone more appropriate to I , I mean . howard what do that mean -- " appropriate " ? kate someone more attune to my need . howard stop act , Katie . look at I . kate I be not act . howard I wonder if you even know anymore . kate do not be unkind . howard ( stand , angry ) Fine -- you wanna go -- go on . actress be cheap in this town , darling , and I have a lot of money . kate this be beneath you -- howard no , this be exactly I ! you come in here out of the blue and tell I you be leave just like that -- and you have the nerve to expect graciousness ?! kate I expect a little maturity . I expect you to face the situation like a adult who -- howard a tense beat . continued : howard ( cont 'd ) do not you ever talk down to I . you be a movie star . nothing more . she look at he . about to crumble . she will never let he see that . she turn and go . he stand . == I 4:00 be . Howard stand at a bonfire raging in the backyard . he be toss armful of clothes into it . gorgeous suit and shirt and shoe and hat go into the inferno . he finish throw the clothes into the fire . he watch it , the red flame bathing he face . then he slowly slip off he jacket . then shirt . then everything . int , noah's house -- bedroom night noah be fast asleep next to he wife . the phone by the bed ring . again . noah open one eye , look at the phone . noah's wife do not answer it . noah answer wearily : noah ( on phone ) what be it , Howard ? split-screen to Howard at home , he stand nude in he de as the bonfire continue to rage in the backyard . howard ( on phone ) hey , noah , I need you to get over to the penney 's and buy I some new clothes . noah ( on phone ) penney 's be not open . howard ( on phone ) oh , shit . all right , first thing tomorrow . I want two suit off the rack , one light and one dark . Three white shirt . and three white pair of tennis shoe . get that ? no , wait , make it woolworths . no , no , no , penney ~- ( he stop , suddenly suspicious ) -- noah , do you have a recorder ? be you recording this conversation ?! ( continued ) continued : noah ( on phone ) no ... howard ( on phone ) okay , I be trust you . listen , I need that clothes first thing , thanks -~- wait ! wait ! wait ! -- do I say penney or woolworth 's ? noah ( on phone ) penney howard ( on phone ) better make it sear . he hang up . end split-screen . noah hang up . sigh . int __ muireield -- den __night Howard stand and watch he clothes burn . we watch he face . alone. abandon . a lovely version of " wrap you trouble in dream " begin . vocalist " when sky be cloudy and grey , they be only grey for a day , so wrap you trouble in dream , and dream you trouble away ... " the song continue as we hear click-click -click -- take we to ... int . warehouse night click~click -click . the click of high heel on cement . faith domergue walk across the empty plain of a warehouse floor . the echoing warehouse appear to be vacant but for a single chair with a strong light next to it . Howard sit in the chair , the bright light be focus on faith so she cannot really see he . he remain hide behind the light for the entire scene . we only watch she . faith be a beautiful brunette . she try to appear older than she year , feign a sophistication that be not natural for she . howard ( v.o. ) you can stop there , if you please , miss domergue . ( continued ) continued : she stop . trapped in the glare of the light . howard ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) would you take off you heel , please ? she slip out of she shoe . hold they . ( continued ) continued : howard ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) good . would you turn around , please ? she slowly turn , try to do it like she see rita hayworth do in a movie once . howard ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you know the kind of work it take to be a actress ? it take hard work . Voice lesson and deportment lesson . and new makeup and wardrobe . it 's just like go to school again . a beat . howard ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) would you wipe off you lipstick , please ? she take a handkerchief from she purse and wipe off she dark red lipstick . it smear a bit . howard ( v.o. ) ( cont'd and the rouge ? could you do something about that , please ? she lick the handkerchief and attempt to clean off the rouge . do okay . without the makeup she be even more attractive . more herself anyway . howard ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) now you understand you will be under contract to I , personally . you know what that mean ? you know what a contract be ? it 's a very serious thing . it 's a legal document . she nod . a beat . howard ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) how old be you , miss domergue ? faith 15 . a beat . howard ( v.o. ) Holy mother of God . " wrap you trouble in dream " take we to ... int . cocoanut grove -— _night we be amidst a sea of elegant shoe effortlessly sway across a dance floor . all the shoe be formal , black . " wrap you trouble in dream " continue es we watch the all black shoe dance . then a pair of white tennis shoe dance past . ( continued ) continued : Howard be dance with faith . he wear he plain dark suit from sear . White shirt . White sneaker . to we surprise , perhaps , Howard be a very good dancer . they dance as we go to ... a bit later . Howard and faith sit in a corner booth with Jack frye and he wife , helen . faith ( happily ) . ++. car pick I up every morning at eight and off I go . I be get my High School diploma . Howard think education be important . then after class I be off for elocution and groom and fitting ... jack ( see someone ) well , blow I down ... Juan trippe be approach the table . trippe wear nice suit . except for a smatter of military uniform , trippe and Howard be the only man in the entire club not wear tuxedo . they be worthy adversary . trippe arrive at the table . trippe ( shaking hand ) Jack , helen , hello . jack . hello , Juan . trippe how be you , Howard ? howard ( shake hand ) good , thanks . this be miss domergue . jack sit down . now what the hell be you do out here ? trippe ( pull a chair to the booth ) meeting with Douglas on the DC - 4 , we new plane . she 's gonna be a pip ... ( to Howard ) ... how 's the constellation come ? ( continued ) continued : howard good . great . trippe how ' bout let I steal a peek ? howard ( smile ) do not think so . trippe you know , I ought to be cross with you . you steal Ray loewy from we . howard he 's do we interior design . trippe he be do ours . what be you color ? jack stop fishing . trippe laugh . howard do you have button or zipper ? trippe sorry ? howard on the drape for the sleep berth . trippe Zipper . howard oh . trippe button ? howard uh-huh . trippe consider this . faith be rather mystify at the seriousness of all this . trippe so I suppose you will be expand to Mexico . continued : a beat . sack why do you say that ? trippe you range be 3,000 mile . you will expand from Los Angeles to Mexico . maybe South America . jack ( smile ) hey , that 's a good idea , anyone get a pen ? howard or across the Atlantic . Jack freeze . trippe smile . trippe too far . howard New York to newfoundland to Ireland to Paris . trippe well , Pan be welcome you . we be overbook as it be . it 's a great burden have to do it all . when 's the connie come out ? howard next year maybe . DC - 4 ? trippe next year . . howard I look forward to she . trippe and I to the connie ... ( he stand , and deliver a final knife thrust ) ... I already order the next forty after you ... you know , I never know you could dance . that be a rhumba , yes ? he smile and leave the table . Howard watch he go . jack good go , boss . you just give he we entire postwar strategy . howard he can not stop we . continued : jack he 's Pan be , Howard . he can stop anything ... ( hail pass waiter ) ... hey , fella , gimme the biggest scotch you get . howard Excuse I . he stand and make he way through the club , deep in think . he go into the man 's room ... the bathroom be empty . Howard move to a sink , take he little bar of lye soap from he pocket . '' he begin wash he hand . scrub he hand . he look into the mirror as he scour he hand . his hand move more quickly now . a certain urgency to the wash . and then almost violence . he do not look down . his hand be raw now . his face almost passive as he look at himself in the mirror . one of he hand be bleed now . the lye sting he . he stop , look down . a little bit of blood . he stare at it . surprise . he quickly rinse off he hand and put the soap back in he pocket . dry he hand with a towel , dabbihg away the tiny bit of blood . then he go to leave the bathroom . reaches for the door -- stop . he stare at the doorknob . howard Pov -- extreme closeup -- the glisten gold doorknob . his hand be clean now . he can not touch the doorknob . what to do ? he look around . howard hello . no one else be in the bathroom . ( continued ) continued : he look at the doorknob again . frustrate . then a idea . he shift he position . ready . he wait . he hum along with the music from the club . then a man sweep into the bathroom . Howard nip out the open door . int . cocoanut grove night Howard return to the table , all business : howard all right , I want you to get in touch with Mr. Joyce and Mr. berg . they be my boy in Washington . and set up a meeting with jesse Jones , he 's Secretary of commerce , old golf buddy — - jack whoa , slow down -- howard we be gonna need terminal in Ireland and France and I want some tax break from they . if that shitheel think he own the whole goddamn world he 's get another think come . jack Pan be own Europe . but he 's smart , we ought to think about Mexico . howard ( very firm ) to hell with Mexico . no one airline should have a monopoly on fly the Atlantic . that 's just not fair ! Howard lean in . we have rarely see he this intense . howard ( cont 'd ) he own Pan be . he own Congress . he own the Civil Aeronautics board . but he do not own the sky . Howard note he hand be bleed again . just a spot of blood . he press it to he pant leg to stop the bleed . howard ( cont 'd ) we be in a street fight with that sonofabitch and I be not go to lose . I be fight high hat , ivy League prick like he my whole life . and listen , fire Ray loewy . he 's spying for trippe . that shitheel know all about the button . spy in my midst . ' scuse I . ( continued ) continued : and Howard be up and go , head toward the bathroom again . as we hear a amplify voice : emcee ( v.0 . ) +--+ pleased to bring you the wonder of modern Aviation ... int . R event : it 's like a trade show . with one vendor . a emcee stand before a microphone on a stage at one end of the hanger . a red velvet curtain emblazon with " Hughes aircraft " hang across the stage , conceal something . a gaggle of reporter wait . as do the all~important delegation from the Air Corps . Seven man in uniform . each be with a beautiful , young woman . this seven man will decide whether or not to fund the project . . emcee ++. not just a plane , lady ' and gentleman , a vast leap forward in aeronautic technology . but it 's more than that . it 's we humble gesture to the war effort , we chance to help out that brave man in uniform ... the emcee continue to ballyhoo as we find Howard in a corner of the hanger , stand with johnny meyer . Howard 's eye never leave the delegation from the Air Corps as he pull a rumple tie from he pocket and put it on : howard ++. and every bill come to I . they do not pay for anything . that man decide whether or not to fund the plane , so I need they real happy , do what it take . johnny you get it . howard what about the girl ? johrnny let 's put it this way ... I do not think the gentleman from the Air Corps will have any trouble scoring tonight . the emcee continue : ( cont intend ) continued : emcee ++. and now let I introduce you to the creator of this magnificent airplane . you know he as a aviator , a industrialist , a american hero . we here at Hughes aircraft just know he as a patriot . lady and gentleman ... Howard Hughes . the crowd applaud . Howard join the emcee on the stage . he look out over the sea of face . do not know quite what to say . settles for : howard well , let 's see she . gorgeous starlet emerge and slowly pull back the red curtain to reveal ... the hercules . History will come to know it as the spruce Goose . a huge silver model of the gigantic fly boat slowly revolve , a glow Art Deco sign flash " the hercules " behind it . gasp from the crowd . flashbulb . but Howard only have eye for the Air Corps delegation . be they impressed ? will they pay ? the emcee lean into the microphone : emcee imagine , if you dare , this beautiful lady tower over you head . and inside ? 700 brave american soldier ! a dozen sherman tank ! all wing they way over the Atlantic free from the threat of the u-boat prowling the icy water below . imagine a fleet of this plane ... he continue to extol the virtue of the hercules . Howard note one of the woman with one of the Air Corps officer . she put she hand on he arm , whisper into he ear . he smile . Howard know . they will pay . int . muirfield ~~ den night Howard sit at he desk , slowly flipping through a series of grainy black - and - white photo , shot through a telephoto lens . surveillance photo . the photo show kate with Spencer Tracy . they be on a boat . the photo range from cozily domestic to romantic to erotic . pram + continued : a large man sit across from Howard . he be a brood Cuban man call jorge , Howard 's chief private investigator and enforcer . a sinister presence more than a man , jorge take care of all the ugly little detail . Howard complete flipping through the photo . shut he eye . a long beat . howard where do you get they ? jorge from they photo lab . one of the technician . Howard open he eye . cold , resolute fury . ext. san ro _ P. night Dead of night . a car slowly pull up to a isolate park overlook the ocean . the car 's headlight find Howard and jorge stand at a fence , beyond the fence be a sheer drop to the roaring ocean below . roland sweet , the editor of hollywood expose magazine climb from the car . he leave the headlight on , illuminate the scene . sweet go to they , offer he hand . sweet hello , Howard . howard {not shaking ) roland . sweet glance to the brood jorge . no introduction be make . sweet so what can I do for you ? howard I want the picture you have of kate hepburn and Spencer Tracy . all the negative . and I want you to kill the story . sweet sorry , we be set to run next month . howard I would take it as a personal favor if you would not do that . continued : sweet he 's a marry man and he 's a Catholic and they be both movie star . Fair game all around . Howard gaze at he . do not say anything . Howard 's cool eye burn into sweet . the silence grow . and grow . ominous . sweet glance to jorge . the ocean roar below . a beat . a beat . a beat . sweet ( cont 'd ) my office know where I be , Howard . howard I be not go to kill you , roland . tt do not do that . howard ( cont 'd ) how much ? sweet not for sale . howard now much ? sweet not . for. sale . jorge put he hand into he coat pocket . howard you ever cheat on you wife , roland ? ... you ever screw a color girl ? ... you ever steal anything ? ... you ever hurt anyone ? howard ( cont 'd ) you ever go to a Communist party meeting , roland ? sweet blink . a beat . sweet twa stock . howard how much ? sweet 50,000 share . continued : howard sweet . all right . Howard turn without a word and stride off , jorge with he . sweet remain freeze in the light from he car . howard ( v.0 . ) what do you think about tran World Airways ...? take we to ... not . : == ; droom evening White orchid fill a luxurious bedroom . a woman be bent over , brush she long , raven hair . we do not see she face . then she stand , toss she head back , shaking she hair loose . and we see she face . ava gardner . the one and only . Howard sit across from she , foot up . howard ... transcontinental and western just do not fit anymore . now that we be go international we need a name that reflect that . ava tran World be good . kinda peppy . howard twa . keep the same initial . that way we do not have to repaint the plane . ava that 's you , always pinching penny ... Hand I my wrap . he fetch she fur steal . drape it around she shoulder . be this close be too much . the scent of she . the allure . he kiss she shoulder . inhaling she . she wriggle away . ava ( cont 'd ) knock it off . continued : howard I have something for you - he get a white , cardboard box . hand it to she . she be displease . ava what the hell be this ? howard it 's a present . open it up . she open the box . Inside be shred newspaper . ava . oh. a box of trash . you should not have . howard keep look . she frown and sort through the newspaper . feel something . she pull out a necklace . a stun necklace of diamond and one gigantic sapphire . it be breathtaking . howard ( cont 'd ) ( eager ) it 's a kashmiri sapphire , best in the world . I have my boy all over the damn globe look for this . ava why ? howard because it match you eye . she drop the necklace back into the box , hand it to he . ava I be not for sale . howard for Christ sake , it 's just a present -- ava ( a flash of she fame anger ) you can not buy I , so stop try . do not buy I anymore diamond or sapphire or any other goddamn thing . you can buy I dinner . how about that ? howard Jesus , ava -~ continued : ava how much be you willing to spend ? what dee a human be cost , Howard ? howard 20,000 dollar . she stop . look at he . ava what ? howard a human be cost 20,000 dollar . well , it might be more now . ava what ... be ... you ... talk ... about :? howard a few year ago . I be drive down third . this man step out into the street . or maybe I be not pay attention . I kill he with the car . it vost I 20,000 dollar to settle with he family . as I ssy , it might be more now . he stand there . like a lose little boy . int . chevy _ evening Howard be cruise with ava in one of he hideous chevy . she be dress to kill , she mink steal around she shoulder . ava «+ . it 's bad enough I have to endure that filthy gym shoe of yours , but then I get all dolled up and we have to go out in this old jalopy without a hood ! howard hey , ava , will you marry I ? ava no , Howard . howard why not ? ava in the first place , I do not love you . in the second place , I be still marry . in the third place , you stink - - Jesus , it 's like a goddamn canary fly into you shirt '' and die there ! continued : howard I can get a new shirt . ava look , you get girl stashed all over town -- you get a damned harem just at the bel Air ~~ why do not you marry ene of you bungalow girl ? howard that be employee , I can not marry a employee , how would that look ? suddenly a car slam into they -- into the passenger door -- Howard and ava rock , not really injure , the chevy stop -- then the car that hit they back up and drive into they again -- slam -- and again -- slam . Howard leap out -- : : T it following faith be plow into they , demolosh the front of she sporty roadster . demolish the chevy 's passenger door . Howard run toward she -- howard faith ! what the hell --?! he jump back as faith plow into the chevy one last time . she attempt to back up again but she roadster die , steam hiss from the engine . howard ( cont 'd ) goddammit -- what the hell be this ?! faith ( dissolve ) what be you do with she ? howard we be go to dinner , now get cut of there -- faith ( wail , a teenager ) do not you love I anymore --? howard ' course I do , little baby , you just have to -- faith bawl . { continued ) continued : meanwhile , ava be scream through she window : ava get that crazy cunt away from I ! faith continue to wail . ava continue to scream . a crowd be beginning to form . someone flash a picture . Howard try to shield he face . too late -- quick flash : a series of ugly black and white shot of the crash -- Howard shield he face -- ava scream -- Howard awkwardly try to get faith out of she car -- Howard angry at the photographer . -- the final photo burn into a tabloid cover ... jan_tr. 's 0 E ~— _ P. ay ++. the tabloid cover sit on Juan trippe 's desk . trippe sit across from a nervous man . he be senator ralph owen brewster . title : Senator Ralph Owen brewster . Republican . Maine . brewster ++ and Jack frye 's be lobby everyone in town . he 's get the british and french ambassador on board now ... twa 's serious about go international . trippe slowly tap he pipe clean . trippe Point , Mr. Hughes . a beat . trippe be think ten move in advance . trippe ( cont 'd ) very well , I think it 's time you introduce the Community airline Bill in the Senate . brewster be it do ? trippe my people be finish it now . and I will need you on the Committee investigating the National Defense . would you like to be chairman ? continued : brewster ( pleased ) like Harry Truman . trippe perhaps you can be vice- president too one day . good day , Senator brewster . brewster sit . but apparently the royal audience be over . he ‘awkwardly get up and go . trippe sit . begins fill he pipe . ten move in advance . int hughes aircraft -~ hercule hanger night Howard walk through a fair representation of Hell . the hercules hanger . the harsh blue glare of acetylene torch and welding iron send horrifying shadow into the upper reach of the chamber . the thunk and groan of heavily machinery echo like tourist ' calis into the Grand Canyon . thé hanger be 800 foot long . hundred of worker labor in every corner of the massive hanger . most of they swarm over ... the skeletal frame of the hercules ' fuselage . the combination of wood and plastic molding soar up , disappear into the darkness of the top of the cathedral . Howard be particularly intense -- in overdrive -- he mind racing , battle to keep up with the many , many pressure of he life . he flip through renderings for a new twa logo as he walk , toss aside that he do not like -- which be all of they . a aide scurries behind and pick up the discard renderings . Jack frye stride alongside Howard . jack ... if the Community airline Bill become law we be finish , my friend . Pan be will have a legal monopoly on international travel and -- howard how can they justify it ? it 's un - american . ( continued ) continued : jack Senator brewster be say that domestic competition will kill expansion into the global market -- because the nationalized foreign carrier , like Air France and lufthansa , can offer lower fare ' cause they do not have to compete , right ? so , hey , let 's get rid of all that messy competition and have a nationalized airline of we own . and , hey , why do not we make it Pan be ? a very overtire Glenn odekirk call down to Howard from the top of a step unit alongside the plane : ( continued ) continued : glenn * Howard , I need you up here . Howard turn to the aide collect up the twa logo renderings : howard we be tran World Airways -- give I a goddamn globe or a circle or something round for Christ sake ! Howard climb up the step unit toward Glenn , Jack follow , as he continue to Jack with singular intensity : howard ( cont 'd ) all right , we gotta go public with this . I will talk to hearst and see what kinda press he can give I . but sooner or later it 's gonna come down to a vote in the Senate . so we gotta get some Senators on we side -- see who 's up for reelection and start make campaign contribution - — — jack you want I to bribe Senators ? howard I do not want them bribe , I want them buy . and put a team of investigator on Senator brewster . I need to know everything there be about that shitbag . where he go , what he say , and who he screw . get into it . right now , Jack . jack you get it . Jack return down the step unit . Howard join Glenn at the top of the step and they enter ... 73 ... the great , yawn chasm that be the hollow interior of the hercules ' fuselage under construction . truly the belly of the beast . Glenn lead Howard to a collection of huge blueprint . howard what do you need ? glenn Left rear rudder and elevator . ( continued ) continued : Howard study some blueprint , the bustling fuselage stretch out beyond he , seemingly forever , like a nightmare vision from a bosch painting . Howard make some quick note on the blueprint and then proceed out of the fuselage as : howard that other be fine but have Simon and Pete get back to I on the power coupling relay , we get redundant system here ... and listen , we gotta take another look at the wheel ~ - glenn oh Jesus -- the damn wheel -- howard it do not feel right . not . ule hange : nig back down on the hanger floor , Howard and Glenn move to a mammoth collection of prototype steering wheel for the hercules . every conceivable shape and size and material . Howard patiently try they out as Glenn melt down -- glenn Howard , we have try every goddamn thing -- we have try leather , we have try plastic , we have try metal , with ridge , without ridge , round , flat , square -- Christ almighty you have see eight thousand goddamn wheel -- you gotta make a decision ! howard ( try out a wheel ) I do not know , this one 's pretty close ... Howard stop , watch a custodian sweeping up . Little dust tornado around he broom . the custodian be tall and unnaturally emaciate , long stringy hair and a beard . he be look at Howard evenly . it 's a bit sinister . howard Pov -- extreme closeup -- the dust tornado swirl into the air -- the custodian 's even gaze -- the broom send up more and more dust particle - — - Howard tear himself back to reality : howard ( cont 'd ) that man sweeping up . do he work for I ? I mean , have you see he before ? continued : glenn name 's josh or something like that . howard why be he look at I ? glenn I do not know . Howard turn back to the wheel , continue try various one . howard Fire he . and make sure they use damp broom from now on . respiratory disease be expensive and I do not want a bunch of damn lawsuit ... glenn okay . but can we at least proceed with the instrument panel we discuss ? the tool shop be ready to go ~ - howard no , I wanna see the blueprint again -- glenn ( crack a bit ) you have see all this stuff a hundred time -- it 's just like the goddamn wheel -- you can not keep change you mind -- we be eight goddamn month behind schedule as it be --! howard it 's all gotta be right -- it 's get to feel right . glenn look , you gotta face it , the deadline be now totally unrealistic . at this rate the war will be over by the time she 's do ! howard ( calming ) odie , take it easy ... I understand you be under a lot of pressure , but it 's gonna do I no good if you crack up on I . take a couple hour off ... his eye dart to the custodian again . the same even gaze at Howard . howard ( cont 'd ) --. relax a little bit , take some time off . see you wife . just be sure to show I all the blueprint . show I all the blueprint . show I all the blueprint . show I all the blueprint ... continued : Glenn look at he . a half smile . be this a joke ? howard ( cont 'd ) ++. show I all the blueprint . show I all the blueprint . show I all the blueprint ... Howard 's face . a terrible flash of fear in he eye . it have finally happen . he be go mad , and he know it . he can not stop himself . howard ( cont 'd ) + ++ show I all the blueprint . show I all the blueprint . show I all the blueprint ... glenn ( concerned ) Howard ...? Howard 's face . incredible fear . he know what 's happen and he just can not stop it . howard +». show I all the blueprint . show I all the blueprint . show I all the blueprint ... Howard , still repeat neurotically , back away from Glenn and hurry out of the hanger . int . howard car ~-— hughes atrcraft _ night Howard sit in he car , he hand clamp over he mouth . he refuse to remove they , terrify of what might come out . we see the panic in he eye . finally he close he eye and prepare himself . he slowly remove he hand . silence . he open he eye . prepare himself again , and dare to speak : howard quarantine . q-u-a-r-a-n-t-i-n-e. quarantine . he have do it . not mad . not yet . ext . hughes atrcraft ~-- runway day the XF - 11 . at last . continued : it be the first time we have see the great plane outdoors . it be the first time anyone have see she outdoors . her inaugural flight . like a great panther wait to pounce , she sit on the endless runway . we can feel she coiled muscle , she power . her unique twin rear boom soar out behind she with feline grace , like a sleek Art Deco hood ornament . Howard once call she " the most beautiful plane ever build . " he be not wrong . title : July 7 , 1946 . inaugural flight of the XF - 11 . nt. / ext F - 11 day Howard , wear he lucky fedora , be settling into the cockpit . built for military reconnaissance , the cockpit be incredibly complicated ; a womb of gauge and dial and switch and lever and weapon control and camera relay . Howard gaze at the chaos of control as he fasten he safety harness across he chest . meanwhile , Glenn be at the Command Post at the side of the runway . a army of technician and engineer await . Professor fitz as well , monitoring a weather radar console . Glenn settles in behind a radio set , put on he headset . a delegation of Air Force officer be there as well , check on they investment . Inside the XF - 11 , Howard activate he radio : howard odie , you read I okay ? glenn ( v.o. on radio ) yeah , Howard , you be a-okay . howard start ignition sequence . he throw a series of toggle and press ignition . the engine begin to hum . the propeller begin to spin . he watch they through the plexiglass bubble dome of the cockpit . he take the wheel gently , manipulate the plane 's control , efficiently prepare the plane . glenn ( v.o. on radio ) okay , Howard , confirm visual action . she 's all yours . continued : Howard gently caress the foot pedal , hand lever and wheel . outside , the mighty XF - 11 begin to roll . Inside , smooth as silk . stasis and calm as the world slowly roll by outside . howard she 's goddamn spotless , odie ! no wiggle on the wheel or throttles . glenn ( v.o. on radio ) take it easy , Howard ... howard prepare for starboard turn 1- 8-0 . he elegantly swing the plane around . clean . the long runway stretch out before he . glenn ( v.o. on radio ) how do she sound , Howard ? howard she 's whisper to I , . buddy . glenn ( v.o. on radio ) all right . make she sing . Howard smile and set the plane in motion . she begin to zoom down the runway , gain momentum . she roar past Glenn and the other at the Command Post . the XF - 11 gracefully soar into the sky . Inside , silk . Howard laugh . giddy . howard well , odie , she can fly , congratulation . glenn ( v.o. on radio ) retract landing gear and climb to 5,000 foot at a head of due West 4 - 5 . howard retracting landing gear and climb to 5,000 foot at a head of due West 4 - 5 . he switch the landing gear lever and climb . ( continued ) continued : all of a sudden he be over the Pacific Ocean . in the blink of a eye the world have be leave behind . howard ( cont 'd ) Jesus , she 's fast ! glenn ( v.o. on radio ) what 's you airspeed , Howard ? howard 2-9 -2. glenn ( v.o. on radio ) take she back to 2 - 0 - 0 . howard no ... goddamn ... way . he pull back on the wheel and the XF - 11 streak through the sky . and be lose in the cloud . a eternal moment as Howard soar . his dream . the world behind he , the heaven before he . airborne . clean . free . the glorious XF - 11 respond to he every tiny cue , melting to he command like butter . the insane power of the h - 1 have be replace with a serene calm . a hour and forty five minute later ... int . / ext F - 11 day Howard be soar over Los Angeles at 5,000 foot . bliss . glenn ( v.o. on radio ) Howard , we gotta bring she home . set course for port turn 1 - 8 - 0 and return to base . descend to 4000 foot . howard gimme ten more minute . glenn ( v.o. on radio ) negative , Howard . bring she home . howard okay , set course for -- and then it happen . continued : the plane slam to the right . dipping savagely . as if a giant be pull it back and down by the right wing . howard ( cont 'd ) Christ --! glenn ( v.o. on radio ) ( alert ) what be it , Howard ? howard the right wing just dip -- Jesus Christ -- ( he fight with the control ) -- I be lose starboard engine . the XF - 11 begin to list dangerously to the right , lose altitude . howard ( cont 'd ) increase power to 2,800 rpm -- ( no good ) ~- cut back -- increase starboard engine power only -- ( no good ) -- cut back . I be lose altitude . glenn ( v.o. on radio ) check starboard engine indicator . howard ( confuse ) light be green . the XF - 11 continue to soar down , tilting to the right . glenn ( v.o. on radio ) be both starboard prop turn ? howard hold on . he quickly release he safety harness , stand forward in the list cockpit to see -~- the plane swerve to the right -- Howard scramble to hold on -- fight with the wheel -- sit back down . do not refasten he harness . howard ( cont 'd ) look like they be , odie -- but she 's pull I back and starboard . glenn ( v.0 . on radio ) ( calming ) Howard , return to base . repeat , return to base . ( continued ) continued : the XF - 11 be lose altitude quickly . soaring toward the ground . the altimeter arrow float down past 3,500 foot ... 3,000 foot ... Howard jam he foot on the pedal , fight with the wheel . howard I be at full leave rudder and full leave aileron but she will not stay level -- the altimeter : 2,500 foot ... 2,000 foot ... glenn ( v.o. on radio ) Howard , give we you position . howard . 2,000 foot over -- Christ , I dunno , beverly Hills -- 1,500 foot . glenn ( v.o. on radio ) reduce engine to 1,000 . howard we be go down -- I be gonna try for the wilshire country Club ninth hole . oughta to be wide enough . you read I , odie ? glenn ( v.o. on radio ) wilshire country Club . reduce engine to 1,000 . the plane be zoom toward the earth . the quiet residential street of beverly Hills fly up at Howard . impossibly fast -- the G-forces of the fall be now press Howard back into he seat -- beverly hilis zoom up -- with every ounce of strength in he , Howard fight to keep the nose of the plane up -~ then he see it be too late -- howard I '' not go to make it , buddy . the house of beverly Hills be zoom up at he -- at the very last moment he prepare himself for impact by throw himself back and thrust he foot forward -- slamm they onto the panel ahead of he as -- ( continued ) continued : the XF - 11 crash . ( continued ) continued : the most beautiful plane in the World siash through a roof , slice it off like a cake - ~ Howard 's whole body snap forward -- the right wing smashes into a corner of another house , explode and tear through a second floor bedroom in a ball of flame -- Howard 's face smashes into the plexiglass cockpit dome , shard of plexiglass and metal slice into he -- the remainder of the right wing tear through the corner of another house , demolosh it , and suddenly send the plane on a ferocious roll , end - over - end -- Howard slam around the demolish cockpit -- the plane bounce and roll violently -- sever a utility pole ~- crash through a alley -- Howard be throw violently around the cockpit , slamm from control panel to seat to plexiglass dome -- the plane disintegrate into four flame section as it tear through the alley -- flame explode around Howard in the fuselage -- the fuselage finally slam to a stop in the alley -- Howard careen forward into the nose of the fuselage , he body grotesquely mangle ~ - but conscious . blood pour from he face -- flame rage around he -- fuel and oil everywhere -- he right hand catch fire -- he furiously try to extinguish it by beat it on the sleeve of he jacket - his jacket catch fire -- still burn , he try to pull himself up from the nose of the fuselage -- but he leave foot be trap in a chaos of twist metal -- he pull at he trap leave leg -- finally wrench he leg free -- shatter he leave ankle -- he claw and haul himself up in the fuselage ~ -- ( continued ) continued : for leverage he must grab onto the boil rim of the cockpit bubble -- he do , searing both hand to the bone -- he haul himself up -- shove at the bubble with he shoulder -- it finally give way . ( continued ) continued : he pull himself halfway out of the cockpit -- then can do nothing more . he collapse . it 's over . he lie there as the flame consume he -- he eye open -~ aware of everything -- then a vision through the acrid black smoke and flame -- a man racing down the alley toward he , a marine . the brave Marine fight through the flame and grab Howard -- yank he from the burn wreckage -- pull he away from the plane -- marine be there anyone else inside ?! Howard can not hear -- marine ( cont 'd ) be there anyone else ?! Howard shake he head and then grab the Marine 's collar , pulis himself forward toward the man' 's face until he be inch away -- Howard 's face be mangle ; a bloody , shred mass of scorched tissue and bone . with he last breath he gurgle through the blood stream from he mouth : howard I be Howard Hughes . the aviator . then -- a photographer appear and flash a picture -- foosh ~- Howard writhes in agony , scream -- he be capture in the harsh white explosion of the flashbulb . dying . omitted int . hospital -- corridor night there have never be a death watch like this one . the corridor outside Howard 's room be fill . Jack frye sit with he head down . errol Flynn lean against a wall , chat with johnny meyer . Glenn odekirk sit with several of he engineer , furiously argue over XF - 11 blueprint . ava sit , wear dark glass , pretend to read a magazine . noah be stand in a secluded corner with a doctor : doctor ... he have burn on 78 percent of he body . nine rib be shattered -- not break , shattered ~-.as be he nose , cheek , chin , leave knee and leave elbow . he have 60 laceration on he face to the bone . his chest be crush so he leave lung have collapse and he heart have shift entirely to the right side of he chest cavity . noah Jesus God ... doctor he 's get blood transfusion now but - ~ noah whose blood ? ( continued ) continued : doctor sorry ? noah whose blood ? doctor from we stock . noah oh , he 's not go to like that . the doctor stare at noah . doctor Mr. Dietrich , I doubt he 's ever go to like or disl anything again . I be terribly sorry . the doctor move away . noah stand for a moment and then go to Howard 's door . take breath . enter ... int . hospital -— howard room following noah stand and look at the shattered body of what be once Howard Hughes . Howard lie in a coma inside he oxygen tent , connect to zhugge machine . he have be bandage but the bloody horror avident . a whisper of life all that . remain . noah sink into a chair , look at he . then we hear : howard ( v.0 . ) Orange juice ... int . hospital -~ howard room day joward be sit up in bed . very weak . his face be almost zompletely cover in bandage . only he bloodshot right eye a bit of he tear , swollen mouth be visible through the shroud . sjoah and Glenn sit with he . j joward do not move a muscle because of the burn . his sollapse lung make it difficult to draw breath . he be heavi sedate , almost incoherent . continued : howard .-. not fresh from the kitchen ... a chef stand in a corner of the room prepare orange juice for Howard , slice orange and squeezing they . : howard ( cont 'd ) make ‘em squeeze it here ... so I can see ... we note that even in he weaken state , Howard 's voice be strangely louder now . his flat , Texan deaf -man 's twang more pronounce . the accident have destroy he already flaw hearing . howard ( cont 'd ) «.. Orange juice have ... nutritional value ... fly outside the window , though ... everyone like citrus ... do not they just ? his bloodshot eye settles on Glenn : howard ( cont 'd ) tell I . glenn a oil seal rip off the starboard rear propeller . when the pressure drop , the prop reverse pitch . do you understand I ? ... ( Howard nod ) ... I hate to bother you now , but there 's something else . you follow I ? ... ( Howard nod ) ... the Air Force cancel the contract on the hercules . this be a body blow . Howard take it almost without shudder . glenn ( cont 'd ) the war 's be over for a year . they say they do not need it anymore . I have to know what you want I to do ? should I release the staff ? howard how far ... from finish ? glenn about six month . howard no ... in money . glenn 7 million . maybe more . a beat . continued : howard build it . Glenn and noah exchange a glance . noah ( gently ) Howard , there 's something else ... a constellation crash in reading , Pennsylvania . Civil Aeronautics board ground the whole fleet . Howard stare at he . then turn he gaze to a single vase of flower in the room : howard Juan trippe send I flower . noah where be all the other ? howard have they take out ... they attract aphid ... aphid be awful thing ... but I want to see this one every day . the chef bring a glass of orange juice to Howard 's mouth , carefully insert the straw through the hole in the bandage by he lip . Howard suck through the straw as 'he glare at the flower . ext . los angele airport day the magnificent constellation be everything we have wait for . sleek and aerodynamic and enormous . and ground . Howard slowly limp with noah and Jack frye past a fleet of the idle plane . bold red-and -white twa color on the conny . Howard be a skeleton . he have lose 35 pound off he already lean frame . he be weak , walk with a cane , try to focus . it be soon apparent that he face will never be what it be . plastic surgery have help , but he have lose much of the natural elasticity on the leave side of he face . his amazingly pure beauty be just go , although a darker , more saturnine intensity give he face a very commanding aspect . he now sport a mustache to cover a scar above he lip . continued : howard how long can they keep we ground ? jack until they finish they investigation of the reading crash . that could be month . noah ( to Jack ) Jesus -- you be already run a 14 million dollar deficit . how you gonna afford to have they out of service a week much less --? howard when we go international , we will make it up . noah look , brewster 's c.a.b. bill just be not go away . that bill pass and you have buy all this goddamn plane for nothing ! jack we be fight the c.a.b. bill -- noah ( ignore he , to Howard ) meanwhile , how do you suggest we keep twa fly ? and do not just tell I to go to toolco , we be still pump every damn cent we have into the hercules , which , I might add , the Air Force do not even want anymore ... howard Pov -- extreme closeup ~~ noah talk -- he word can barely be hear through the now ringing and whoosh torrent of white noise inside Howard 's head . Howard turn he good ear to noah . it do not help much anymore . he force himself to concentrate : noah ( cont 'd ) ++. it all come down to this : you gotta choose . do you want to be bankrupt by the big plane or by the big airline ? Howard seem about to implode . it be all too much right now . then he take several deep breath . fights for control . a long beat as he look at the constellation . then : howard go see Thomas parkinson at the equitable in New York . get a loan against all the twa equipment and capital . use the plane as collateral . ( more ) continued : howard ( cont 'd ) Hell , use the desk , and the pen and every damn thing we get . try to get I 40 million . noah and if twa default on the loan ? howard then Juan trippe busy we cheap . not . VA ! ston -— ni 00 ! day ava be raging . and few human being can rage like ava gardner . Howard , still stand unsteadily with he cane , watch as she stalk dangerously around she live room -- brandish a small covert microphone and wire she have rip from a wall -- . ava under my bed ?! -- you put a goddamn microphone under my bed --?! howard honey , listen to I -- ava what do you wanna hear ?! you wanna hear I screwing mickey rooney -- that do it for you , Howard ?! you wanna hear I screwing Sinatra ?! you goddamn faggot -- screw they yourself if you be so interested --! howard I be concerned about you , baby , I just wanna make sure you be okay -- she go to a window , tear open the drape -- ava and who 's in that car ? that goddamn car be with I twenty - four hour a day -- howard it 's there for you protection ! ava the only one I need protect from be you , you sick bastard ! ~- you do not own I , Howard -- I be not one of you teenage whore and I be not some damn airplane --! howard ( implore ) look , I be sorry , ava , listen to I , I will have they take all the bug out . you just have to understand that ... that I need to know where you be . continued : ava why ? howard because I worry about you . ava bullshit ... ( she stop ) ... what do you mean all the bug ? a beat . ava ( cont 'd ) what do you mean all the bug ? howard there 's more . ava how many ? howard maybe ... twelve . and on the telephone . she look at he . shock and sadden in equal measure . ava oh Christ , Howard , on the telephone ... you listen to my phone call ? howard oh no , honey ... I just read the transcript . she look at he . then very carefully pick up a large , marble ashtray . she fling it at he head , he try to duck but the ashtray slam into he forehead . blood . ava get out of here ... you sad ... pathetic ... freak . Howard go . ext . ava' manston day Howard walk to he car , mumble to himself , dabbing at the blood on he head with a handkerchief . jorge , he Cuban enforcer , be wait . jorge hold a phone that a extend from inside the car . continued : howard take out all the bug .. except for the one on the bedroom phone . jorge we get a problem at the house . he hand Howard the phone . int . muirfield -- den day and the assault begin . increase pressure on Howard : he stand , extremely tense , on the verge of trauma . his de be be invade . total blitzkrieg as he inner sanctum be defile . a dozen FBI agent and senate investigator be rifling through he file . he watch as the agent touch he belonging and move thing out of the way . one sit at he desk . they be take picture of everything . the follow scene be intercut with lurid color photo -- like the cover of old pulp novel . they be tawdry and sensational . lurid photo # 1 : HOTEL room . Howard catch in bed with a starlet - - as if the photographer kick in the door and flashed a picture - — 7 -- pressure . FBI agent and investigator be sorting through document at 7000 romaine and take picture . accountant and secretary stand about nervously . noah enter quickly . noah what the hell be this ? FBI agent ( hand he a warrant ) Federal warrant . lurid photo # 2 : hughes aircraft parking lot . Howard have a ferocious argument with Glenn odekirk -- as if shot secretly from across the parking lot -- exd . muirfield day 89 pressure . Howard watch through a window as more agent sort through he garbage . they haul thing away and flash photo - ~ lurid photo # 3 : muirfield . Howard seduce a starlet -~ the photo shot through the window . int muirfield —- den - day pressure . Howard flipping through aviation blueprint , increasingly frenzied -- he can not tell the plane epart anymore ~- they ebb and flow bizarrely in he mind -- he finally fling the blueprint in the air -- lurid photo # 4 : STREET . jorge smash a tabloid photographer 's camera -- Howard try to restrain he -- a flurry of violence -- omitted ind , mutreteld ong pressure . Howard be on a hall phone , he eye never leave a new team of agent tear through he de and flash photo of everything . Howard grow increasingly upset . howard ( on phone , tense ) ... this be the tenth goddamn time they have be here ! noah , you gotta help -- they be touch thing , you know what that mean ?! howard Pov -~- extreme closeup -- the FBI Agents touch he thing -- they fingertip -- they shoe trample across the floor -- one agent be smoking , a ash fall to the carpet -- Howard just can not bear watch the invasion a moment longer . he drop the phone and hurry away . the phone hang at the end of the cord . noah ( v.o. on phone ) Howard ... ? Howard ... ? Senator brewster be stand , look over a table set for a elegant lunch for two in he palatial Washington apartment . title : February 12 , 1947 . mayflower Hotel , Washington DC . brewster consider the setting for a moment . then reach forward and pick up one of the empty water glass . ( continued ) continued : brewster consider the setting for a moment . then reach forward and pick up one of the empty water glass . ( continued ) continued : put a thumb print on it . clearly visible as he hold it to the light . smile . set the water glass down . a buzz from the front door . brewster walk through the apartment , meet Howard be escort in by a maid . Howard wear he dark suit . White shirt . no tie . White sneaker . Howard be make a superhuman effort to appear " normal . " brewster Howard , hello . he stride up , offer he hand . Howard force himself the take brewster 's hand and shake firmly . howard Owen , nice to see you again . brewster ( to may ) Emma , you can set up lunch now ... ( he usher Howard into the live room ) ... come on in . howard really lovely room ... ( check the panoramic view from the window ) ... View , too . that 's nice . brewster sit down ... ( Howard sit on a sofa ) ... thanks for come by . just think you and I should have a chance to talk privately . away from the office . howard I appreciate that , Owen . a beat . brewster so ... you be come out pretty strong against the c.a.b bill . howard you be come on pretty strong for it . brewster it 's my bill , Howard , I sincerely believe America cannot afford more than one international carrier . howard you think it 's fair for one airline to have a monopoly on international travel ? continued : brewster I think one airline can do it better without competition . all I be think about be the need of the american passenger . Howard 's eye be draw to a painting on a wall . a llama in a. peruvian set . . howard now that 's just beautiful . what be that , a yak ? some kinda yak ? brewster a llama . the wife pick it up when we be in Peru last year . howard a llama , sonofagun , a real llama . in Peru ? brewster yeah , last year . brewster do not like way the conversation be get off-point . thankfully , the may enter : maid lunch be serve , Senator . brewster ( stand ) come on , let 's have some lunch . he lead Howard into the dining room as : howard do you actually see any llama ? brewster no . my wife just like the painting . howard Hell of a interesting animal . gotta read up on that . how do you spell it ? like Fernando lama ? brewster usher he into the dining room . point he to a chair : brewster no , no , the animal . it have two 1's . sit down , please ... they lunch plate be cover with metal dome . the may pull they away . brewster watch for Howard 's reaction . '' continued : the plate be fill with Brook trout and heaps of asparagus and brussel sprout . the trout be serve with the head on . a glassy eye stare up at Howard . brewster ( cont 'd ) it 's Brook trout . hope you like fish . howard Love it , thanks . brewster be disappointed . Howard force himself to dig in . the may pour water into they glass . Howard have the glass brewster smudge with he thumb print before . brewster I know you be not a drink man , so I hope water be fine . Howard see the thumb print . take the glass and drink . howard thanks . brewster be disappointed that he childish game of psychological warfare be fail so miserably . brewster all right , let 's talk turkey ... my investigator have turn up a lot of dirt . it could be really embarrassing if this stuff get out . I would like to save you that embarrassment . howard that 's very kind of you , Owen . brewster my Committee have the power to hold public hearing . I would like to spare you that . howard would you now ? Howard 's sing froid be rather anger brewster . a beat . brewster you wanna go down in history be a war profiteer , Howard ? Howard stop eat . look at he . howard what do you want ? continued : brewster agree to support my c.a.b. bill and Z will not hold public hearing . howard I can not do that , Owen . the c.a.b. would kill twa . brewster sell twa to Pan be . you will get a fair price . at last . the deal . Howard resume eat , not look at brewster . howard and then you will not go public ? brewster that 's right . the investigation be close and no one know a thing . better for everyone . howard you know I be still wonder one thing ... brewster what 's that ? howard that picture of the llama you get last year . where would you sail from ? brewster we do not . we fly . howard oh . brewster stare at he . Howard return the stare evenly . then , he voice low and cold : howard ( cont 'd ) you sure you wanna do this , Owen ? you wanna go to war with I ? brewster it 's not I , Howard -- it 's the United States government . Howard stand . continued : howard listen , tell Juan trippe something for I ... thank you for the flower . and he can kiss my ass . he go . brewster glower . int mayflower HOTEL -—- corridor day Howard move down the corridor , away from brewster 's apartment . he round a corner , where he have leave he cane , and almost instantly deflate . he lean against a wall , shaking dangerously , panting for breath . the effort of appear " normal " for brewster have totally exhaust he . he can not control the tremor in he body . he finally implode -- sink down the wall . then we hear Howard 's voice , whisper : howard ( v.o. ) someone tell I where I sleep ... take we to ... int . 7000 romaine -- screening room day Stark desert landscape . Cloud . Black and white . location footage from the outlaw be be project on the screen , the flicker light the only illumination . howard ( v.o. ) someone tell I where I sleep ... and we see he . he remove he shirt as he speak and range around the screen room . howard ( cont 'd ) ... i-sleep-in-this-room/in-the-dark-in-this-room / I - have-a-place-that-i-sleep/someone-tell-me-where -I - sleep/Will-someone-please~just-tell-me... he drop he shirt as he wander , more slowly now , like a windup toy run down . he note the desert scenery be project . ( continued ) continued : howard ( cont 'd ) --.i-like-the-desert /hot-there-in-the~desert / but - clean / good cloud ... Real fine ... cloud ... Jesus ... I need to ... will someone ... please ... the windup toy be do . Howard just stand there . frozen . howard ( cont 'd ) I need to sleep .... no. no. no. .. I should drink something first . he. stand look at a neat collection of milk bottle across the room . he mime the action with he hand slowly as he describe it . he be unaware he hand be move . howard ( cont 'd ) I will walk over there and pick up a bottle of milk with my ... right hand ... and I will take off the top with my .-. leave hand ... with two finger ... of my leave hand .. I will take off the top and put it in my pocket ... my leave pocket his hand stop move . he look at the bottle of milk . he do not move . howard ( cont 'd ) how long have it be here ? it might be bad ... ( he begin miming the action again , with exactly the same gesture he use a moment before ) ... so if the miik be bad I should not walk over there ... and pick up the bottle of milk with my ... right hand ... and take off the top with my ... leave hand ... his mental loop be break when the red light above the screen room door begin to flash . someone be outside . he go to the door . he talk through the door , wage a terrible battle to sound sane . howard ( cont 'd ) who be it ? split-screen to : kate hepburn , outside the screen room . kate Howard , it 's kate . I need to see you . Howard moan . press he hand against the screen room door . ( continued ) continued : kate ( cont 'd ) Howard , do you hear I ? I be come in . she try to open the door . it be lock . kate ( cont 'd ) unlock this door immediately . howard I can not . kate do you say something ? howard ( torment ) I can not . a beat . kate you mean you will not . Howard be dissolve , want more than anything in life to see she , touch she , hold she . she be deeply concerned . leans against the door . ( continued ) continued : kate ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) Howard ... please let I see you . howard I have not shave . kate I do not care . let I in . howard I can hear you ... I could always hear you . even in the cockpit , with the engine ... kate that 's because I be so goddamn loud . he smile . tear come to he eye . he lean he whole body against the door , want to be closer . kate ( cont 'd ) Howard , I come to thank you ... I find out what you do for Spence and I . buying that awful picture . howard you love he . kate he 's everything I have . howard I be glad for you , kate ... Katie . Howard proceed with great difficulty : howard ( cont 'd ) go away now . would you do that ? kate ( tear ) Howard ... howard go away , just for now , I will see you soon . we will go fly . kate please take I fly again ... I can take the wheel ... Howard ? ... be you there ? a long beat and then she turn and walk down the long corridor , devastate . he hear she footstep echoing away ... continued : on she half of the split-screen we see she walk away as ... Howard sink to the floor . he hold he knee and rock like a feral child . inarticulate moan come from deep within he ... she disappear around a corner , the hallway be empty . Howard be alone . end split-screen . and Howard 's journey into hell begin . he never leave the screen room . for month . int.______________ room sequence __ day / night a line of ant creep across a plate of cookie . we see do not see Howard . we see he hand . he carefully remove a kleenex from - a box . and then another . and. then. another . and then a handful . he methodically wrap he hand in a wad of kleenex and then use the kleenex to press the record button on a tape recorder . we watch the tape in the machine begin to spin . then we explore Howard 's strange realm -- slowly come to realize the depth of he descent -~- as we hear a aural mosaic of various memo , ebbing and flow : howard ( v.o. ) memo to all staff ... there have be some confusion on the topic of my lunch . I will clarify . the employee deliver my lunch be to use no less than four kleenex brand tissue to carry the bag into the screen room . he be to open the bag with he right hand and then hold the bag out to I at a forty five degree angle so I may reach into the .bag without touch the paper . . another memo be hear as the first continue ... howard ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... it do not take a genius to read a blueprint . note the hydraulics for the right aileron show on print number 2,187 -b , it be out of alignment by almost a eighth of a inch . this lack of attention to detail be unacceptable ... ( continued ) continued : we see engine part scattered about like corpse after a battle . we see brown paper bag and newspaper be stack messily all around . we see grainy surveillance photo of ava out on date with other man ... ( continued ) continued : another memo be hear as the other continue ... howard ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ++. you must understand this be the most important thing in my life . when the milk bottle be deliver to the screen room , the employee with the bottle must wear a white shirt and no jacket . his cuff must be completely buttone and he must not wear a watch or jewelry or cologne of any kind . he must use no less than fifty kleenex brand tissue to form a paddle . he will then use this kleenex paddle to press the door light button ... we : see mountain of discard kleenex . and box of kleenex stack in strange , geometric pattern . we see hundred and hundred of starlet headshot , haphazardly pile in chair ... another memo be hear as . the other continue ... howard 's ( v.o. ) '' ( cont 'd ) -.-- I would like to remind the twa board of director that I own 78 percent of the airline , and the Finance Committee 's recommendation to raise 20 million dollar in capitalization through the sale of common stock be contrary to my intention at this time ... we see reel of movie film , some unspool , the film stretch around the room like celluloid tendon . we see he clothes , discard . the " milk bottle " memo be hear again as the other continue ... howard ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... the employee with the milk bottle must press the button seven time exactly . when he have hear I repeat the word " come in with the milk " ten time , with no variation , " come in with the milk " , ten time , he must then use he leave hand to open the door and enter . he must not to look at I . he be to set the milk bottle down directly inside the door to the right , three foot away from the door . he be to use he leave hand only ... we return to the ant , slowly creep across the plate of cookie . tenacious . omnivorous . unstoppable . as all the memo , and hundred more , now join together for version of the final , all - important instruction : ( continued ) continued : howard ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) -.. if there be any variation of this instruction , even to the smallest degree , the entire process must be repeat from the beginning ... repeat from the beginning ... repeat from the beginning .. and we finally see Howard . he stand , naked . he stand in front of the screen . Silent image from hell angel be be project . a dogfight scene . the plane twist and - soar over he naked body . the only sane order in this hellish place seem to be a neat row of empty milk bottle against one wall . : Howard slowly back away from the screen . his whole psyche concentrate on a series of sound ... syllable ... letter ... fight to find order in chaos . it be painfully emotional . every correct letter be a huge victory , every incorrect letter be a crush defeat . : howard ( cont 'd ) q...u... a... r... he slowly walk to the pristine row of empty milk bottle . howard ( cont 'd ) q...u ... a ... he pick one up . pee in it . howard ( cont 'd ) - r...a--e--a...n... he finish pee . carefully carry the bottle across the room to the opposite wall . howard ( cont 'd ) q...u ... e...r ..- he set the milk bottle down . we realize there be a endless line of the milk bottle on this side of the room . all fill with urine . precisely order . he look at they . try not to weep . concentrate intensely . howard ( cont 'd ) - a...r... n...7 ... bee. ewe. de. nee . ( continued ) continued : then a red light reflect off the milk bottle . the door light . he go to the door , talk through it . howard ( cont 'd ) hello ... ? split-screen to : a rather mystify Juan trippe outside the screen room door . a chair have be place in the hallway . noah wait down the hall . trippe Howard , it 's Juan . howard oh , Juan , right , right . we have a appointment , I remember that -- listen I get a hell of a cold here . why do not you sit down out there ? do not wanna get you sick . never forgive myself if I get you sick . you do not wanna get sick -- Howard clamp a hand over he mouth , fight with himself . outside , trippe sit . trippe okay , Howard , I be sit ... ( he begin pull document from he briefcase ) ... now , I have bring all we accounting . Pan be be trading at 13.66 a share . twa be trading at 4.24 . if we -- howard come on , come on , come on , come on -- we both know I be not go to sell twa . you could not afford she anyway . we domestic route alone be worth more than twice Pan be . trippe consider we stock be value at three time yours , I find that a dubious claim , Howard . Howard force himself to concentrate , eye shut . howard I mean you have no domestic route . you get twa and you span the globe -- I be not gonna sell , and you know I be not go to sell -- here 's the point : Owen brewster work for you . outside , trippe prepare he pipe . ( continued ) sontinued : trippe I do not elect Senator brewster . we can thank the vote of Maine for that . howard if I appear at he hearing , it might get nasty for a} of we . trippe I think considerably more for you . while the good peo ; of America lose son at anzio , you produce a dirty movie and build airplane that do not fly . nutside , trippe light he pipe . howard now that 's just not fair . the XF - 11 fly quite well for a hour and forty five minute . I wish you have be up there with I . it be very exciting . oward smile gleefully . take that , you sonofabitch . then he otice a wisp of smoke from trippe 's pipe come under the oor . it be noxious , lethal . Howard back away from . the door . trippe be that as it may , you still have to answer for the spruce Goose . . howard ( call from across the room ) it 's call the hercules -~ and it will fly goddammit ! trippe I hope it do . America should know what its $ 13 milli buy . howard ( call from across the room ) I will not sell twa ! utside , Howard 's distress be all too apparent to trippe . trippe I know ... e lean back , the cat with the canary . Howard cautiously mov ‘ack to the door as trippe speak : ( contin continued : trippe ( cont 'd ) I be go to get it anyway . you be go to default on you loan from equitable when Senator brewster destroy you reputation and you can not raise additional capital for the airline . the hearing will also show Hughes aircraft to be mismanaged and incompetent . it will go bankrupt . but you will not be insolvent . you will still have toolco ... perhaps you will go back to Houston and rebuild you empire . I rather hope you do . by that time Pan be will have buy twa and paint all that magnificent conny blue and white . so , when you do return , it will be on a Pan be plane . Howard stand right at the door . howard you seem to have I in a corner , buddy . not a position in which I be very comfortable . trippe I think you will be less comfortable at Senator brewster 's hearing . very public , Howard . lot of camera and newsmen . I understand you be not particularly comfortable in crowd . trippe 's droll understatement make Howard smile . trippe ( cont 'd ) perhaps we should spare you that . howard thanks for you concern . I find that very move ... it 's be a real pleasure , Juan . noah will take you back to the airport . fly safe . outside , trippe stand . trippe thank you , Howard . take care of that cold . howard I certainly will . bye bye . he thrust he ear to the door , listen . make sure trippe be go . he hear trippe and noah move away . end split-screen . Howard lean against the door , panting . the exertion of talk with trippe have absolutely éxhaust he . ( continued ) continued : then he again move to the hell angel footage on the screen . the plane twist and fly over he naked body . int . 7000 romaine -- corridor day noah and Juan trippe head down the corridor to the elevator . a look approach sympathy on trippe 's face . trippe ( quietly ) if you let he appear at the hearing the whole world will see what he 's become ... people should remember he as he be . noah do not respond . : trippe ( cont 'd ) he will get a subpoena in three day to appear in Washington . noah do not respond , but the pain to he of Howard 's madness be clear in he eye . they move away and we remain in the hallway -- ( continued ) continued : time lapse . day and night pass . employee appear and disappear . finally ... it. 7000 romaine -- corridor night the door to the screen room open slightly . Howard peek out . a few employee move about in the corridor . he carefully step from the screen room , stand in the doorway , not quite ready to leave he sanctuary . he have put on some clothes . a female secretary stop when she see Howard . she be absolutely amaze , no one have actually see Howard for month . she be a bit frighten at he appearance . secretary Mr. Hughes ...? howard ( a whisper ) I do not have any shoe . can you get I some shoe ? not . muirfield . night Howard sit on the floor in he de , wear only a old bathrobe . he be unshaven , he eye red with exhaustion and spend tear . he aimlessly sort through a mountain of legal document , try to prepare himself for he upcoming appearance in Washington . the doorbell ring . he pull himself up and slowly move through the silent house . he be fragile , move unsteadily . he be a man make of straw , as if a wisp if air could blow he way . he look through the peephole and then pull a wad of kleenex from a wait box . he use the kleenex to open the front door . it be ava . she look at he , stunne . recover quickly . ava : how nice of you to dress for I ... can I come in ? howard you can come in . he nervously look past she as she enter . he shut the door behind she and lock it . continued : howard ( cont 'd ) thanks for come . ava I think long and hard about it , I can tell you ... ( she pull off she fur wrap , smile ) ... but , hell , no one 's bugge I for month now , guess I be feel lonely ... ( offer he she wrap ) ... wanna hang this up ? he look at she wrap . do not move . ava ( cont 'd ) hang this up for I , Howard ... go on , take it . he quickly grab a new wad of kleenex and use it to take she steal and quickly hang it up in a hall closet . ava ( cont 'd ) now let 's get a drink ... howard no , wait , wait , wait -- you can not move -- you be safe here . you be in the germ free zone now , you understand ? ava glance down , note this area of the entry hall be mark off by a square of black electrical tape on the floor . ava T will take my chance . she step over the tape and move into the house . howard no , no , honey , please ... Howard follow nervously as she stride through the airless , darken house to the live room . she note all the window be tape shut with black electrical tape . even more , she cannot help notice the mountain of kleenex discard everywhere on the floor . ava Love what you have do with the place ... ( she pour herself a drink ) ... kleenex carpet 's a cute idea . now let I look at you . she switch on a table lamp . he stand before she . holding he robe close tightly . ava ( cont 'd ) Drop the robe . continued : he remove the robe . he stand naked . she gaze over hin . ava ( cont 'd ) okay , you need to eat for one ... and a shower might be in order ... ( she eye play over he a bit more , mischievous ) ... well , I always say they do not call it Hughes tool for nothing . he actually smile . ava ( cont 'd ) there 's my boy . get the robe , come on ... he pick up the robe . look at it . he seem to have forget how to put it on . ava go to he and gently help he -- ava ( cont 'd ) put you arm through the hole -- right , good , all the way through -- okay , now the other ... she help he put the robe on and then take he hand and lead he toward the stair ... int . utrfield -— T ) throom . night he stand . she shave he . ava when do you go to Washington ? howard a week . no , just under a week . I do not know the date today . but I have to be ... I have to be ... ava all right , take it easy . a silent beat as she shave he . his eye be draw to the sink , the run water , the soap . howard Pov ~- extreme closeup -- the gleam white porcelain sink , the tap water rinsing off the shine razor , the tiny beard hair swirl down the drain -- ava ( cont 'd ) there 's nothing there , Howard . a silent pause as she shave he . continued : howard I see thing . ava I know , baby . rinse you face off now . she step aside . he face the sink . slowly reach forward . stop . ava ( cont 'd ) put you hand in the water and wash off the soap . I be right here . I be not go anywhere . howard do it look clean to you ? ava nothing 's clean , Howard . but we do we best , right ? he slowly reach forward and put he hand into the run water . he carefully wash the soap off he face . a triumph . he look at she . ava ( cont 'd ) great . now I want you in the shower . howard do not go anywhere . ava Hell , I would soap you up myself but I know how frisky you get . he smile and step toward the shower . ext . muirfield -- master suite day Howard stand unsteadily before a mirror , as presentable as ava can make he . clean , hair slicked down , nail cut , new suit . ava what do you think ? howard I look all right ... ava you look great . howard will you marry I ? continued : ava you be too crazy for I . she look at he tenderly in the mirror . ava ( cont 'd ) I gotta go , baby . howard okay ... thanks . she kiss he gently . ava you would do it for I . he nod . she go . he stand for a moment , look at himself in the mirror . cosmetically at least , he have improve . but he eye still reflect the chaos inside he . int . senate caucus room day barely control hysteria . the Senate Caucus room be jamme . 1,500 spectator and reporter be pack into a chamber build to handle 600 . hundred more crowd the hallway outside . title : August 6 , 1947 . brewster Senate hearing . Day one . the witness table hold a cluster of microphone from seven radio station . six newsreel camera purr alongside a amazing new invention : a television camera . this be the first congressional hearing in history to be televise live . across from the witness table , Owen brewster sit at a long dais with the rest of he committee . then a sound , grow from outside the chamber , a building rumble of excited voice . brewster glance up from he note to see Howard walk into the chamber with noah . Howard wear a crisp new grey suit . the photographer snap photo , a barrage of flashbulb , a excited clamor from the ' spectator . Howard ignore the press and spectator and go to the witness table . sit . noah sit next to he , begin unload two heavy briefcase full of document . then blind light suddenly snap on , focus on Howard . they be the light to assist the new tv camera . continued : the light be so powerful that many of the reporter put on sunglass . it be a surreal image as the reporter don the sunglass and the cold eye of the tv camera gaze at Howard . Howard look almost robotic , flatten , unfocus . brewster know he be go to slaughter he . he bang a gavel for order . brewster the committee will come to order . Mr. Hughes , will you raise you right hand and be swear ? Howard stand , raise he right hand . another barrage of flashbulb . Howard 's pupil 's dilate and undilate furiously in the strobe-like flash . brewster ( cont 'd ) do you solemnly swear that in the matter now pend before this committee , you will tell the trzth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth , so help you God ? howard I do - he sit . brewster Mr. Hughes , it be the intention of this committee -- noah Mr. Hughes have a statement . brewster very well . Mr. Hughes , you may proceed . noah hold out a piece of paper to Howard . Howard glance at it . glance away . he say nothing . a awkward beat . brewster ( cont 'd ) Mr. Hughes ? you may proceed ... noah be get nervous . he offer the statement to Howard again . Howard will not take it . then Howard look off to the press , who stare back at he . at the cruel eye of the tv camera . then Howard look back to brewster . and he eye begin to flicker with something we have see before . Howard ignore the prepare statement . continued : howard you know , I be gonna attempt to be , um , honest here ... a beat . noah be terrify of what Howard be go to say . Howard focus , glaring at brewster . howard ( cont 'd ) Senator brewster , if you have not go too far overboard , I might have be willing to take a certain shellack in this publicity spree of yours . I might have be willing to sit back and take a certain amount of abuse simply because I be only a private citizen while you be a Senator with all sort of power -- but I think this goddamn circus have go on long enough -- brewster bang he gavel -- brewster that 's quite sufficient , Mr. Hughes -- howard ( angry ) . . you have call I a liar , sir . in the press . you have call I a liar and a thief and a war profiteer -- brewster ( bang gavel ) the witness will restrain he comment and -- Howard stand , a stunningly simple act that silence brewster and rivet the entire room . he lean forward on the table , speak with clipped , barely control anger : howard why not tell truth for once , Senator ? why not tell that this investigation be really bear on the day that twa first decide to fly to Europe ? on the day when twa first invade Juan trippe 's territory . on the day when twa first challenge the generally accept theory that only Juan trippe 's great Pan american Airways have the sacred right to fly the Atlantic ! the bombshell explode . the spectator love see Howard , still America 's Aviation hero , defend himself . the photographer flash picture . brewster bang he gavel to no avail . Howard continue to stand . we sweep across the approve spectator and then sweep back to the next day ... continued : Howard be sit , lean a elbow on the table , hold a amplifier earpiece to he ear to hear brewster . focus . completely ( continued ) continued : title : Day two. howard ( cont 'd ) - and on February 12th of this year , in you suite at the mayflower Hotel , do you or do you not tell I that if I would sell twa to Pan be this investigation would be call off ? brewster ( shrill ) I do not . howard how long have you know Juan trippe ? brewster I have know Mr. trippe for several year . but -- noah slide Howard a piece of paper , he do not need to look at it . howard be it not true , Senator brewster , that Juan trippe donate 20,000 dollar to you last campaign and --? brewster I have a personal friendship with Mr. trippe that be -- um -- divorced from my duty as a Senator . ( continued ) continued : howard be it not true that you accept free ticket from Pan be so you can circle the globe in support of you c.a.b. bill ? brewster it be not . howard who write that bill , Senator ? . brewster I do not understand the purpose of -- howard who actually write the c.a.b. bill ? the actual word in the bill . do you write they , Senator ? brewster Mr. Hughes , this be -- howard I have it here , maybe that will refresh you memory ... ( noah hand he a copy of the thick bill ) ... here we go . Bill S. 987 to amend the Civil Aeronautics Act . you introduce this bill into the Senate . lotta word . you write all of they ? brewster sputter . howard ( cont 'd ) you write any of they ? brewster now see here , Mr. Hughes -- howard this entire bill be write by Pan be executive and design to give that airline a monopoly on international travel ! and you have be flog this bill on they behalf all around the world , have you not ?! brewster my duty take I to -- howard what in hell do a Senator from Maine need to visit Peru for ? brewster ( flustered ) I be -- ah -- seek outlet for we trade goods . continued : howard they buy a lot of lobster down there , do they ? brewster [ -- howard how many time have you be to Mr. trippe 's office in New York in the last three month ? ... ( brewster stop cold ) ... would you like I to tell you , Senator ? brewster ( explode ) this have go on long enough -- Juan trippe be a great american and he airline have advanced the cause of commercial aviation in this country for decade ! Juan trippe be a patriot ! Juan trippe be not a man interested in make money ! Howard let brewster 's absurd final word echo around the chamber . he lean back , smile . howard well , I be sure he stockholder will be happy to hear that . chuckle from the spectator . we sweep over the spectator and sweep back to the next day ... Howard be lean back , hold the amplifier earpiece to . he ear . noah be exhaust , the day of grueling testimony take a toll . Howard be completely on top of he game . the chamber be silent , the reporter and spectator strain to catch every word . this be really it . title : Day Three . brewster do you receive 43 million dollar to manufacture 100 XF - 11 spy plane for the United States Air Force ? howard I do . brewster . how many functional plane be deliver to the United States Air Force ? howard none . . '' ( continued ) continued : brewster would you lean a little closer to the microphone , sir ? howard ( lean in ) none . brewster do you receive 13 million dollar from the United States Air Force to manufacture a protctype fly boat , know as the hercules ? howard I do . brewster do you deliver that plane ? howard I do not . brewster so , by you admission in this chamber you receive 56 million dollar from the United States government for plane that you do not deliver . howard that be correct . brewster think he have he . but can not help push the dagger in a bit . brewster well , excuse I for ask , Mr. Hughes , but where do all that money go ? howard it go into the plane . and a lot more . brewster ( lean back , satisfied ) more ? ... do tell , Mr. Hughes , what other larceny have you commit ? howard I mean my money , sir . brewster be immediately alarmed , realize he have stumble badly . he have give Howard the open he have be wait for . brewster Mr. Hughes , you personal finances be not the -- continued : another senator brewster glance at the other Senators . they stare back at he coldly . brewster see the wait press and spectator . brewster proceed , Mr. Hughes . howard ( very quietly ) you see the thing be I care very much about aviation . it 's be the great joy of my life . so I put my own money into this plane ... I have lose million , Mr. Chairman . and I will go on lose million . it 's just what I do . the chamber be silent . hanging on every word . howard ( cont 'd ) and if I lose a lot of the government 's money during the war , I hope folk will put that in perspective ... more than 60 other airplane order from such firm as boe and lockheed and Douglas and northrop never see action either . in all , more than 800 million dollar be spend during the war on plane that never fly . more than 6 billion on other weapon that be never deliver . a beat . the coup de grace : howard ( cont 'd ) and yet Hughes aircraft ~- with she 56 million -- be the only firm under investigation here today . a tremor through the chamber . howard ( cont 'd ) I can not help but think that have a little more to do with twa than with plane that do not fly . brewster slump . howard ( cont 'd ) I have only one more thing to say to this committee , and that 's about the hercules ... now , I be suppose to be many thing which be not complimentary . I be suppose to be capricious . I have be call @ playboy . I have even be call a eccentric . but I do not believe I have the reputation of be a liar ... I put the sweat of my life into this thing . my reputation be wrap up a it . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : . howard ( cont 'd ) so believe I when I say that if the hercules fail to fly , I will leave the country and I will not return . and I mean it . then Howard slowly stand . ( continite ) continued : howard ( cont 'd ) now , Mr. Chairman ... you can subpoena I , you can arrest I , you can claim I have take a run - out powder but I have have enough of this nonsense . good afternoon . he turn and begin walk out . noah be stunne . the spectator heartily approve . a smatter of applause . brewster sink in he chair . it 's over . Howard have win . Howard continue to walk out of the chamber as the crowd applaud . this image be exactly mirrore in ... inl . juan trippe' office -- pan am day the tiny black - and - white ' screen of Juan trippe 's new television set . trippe sit with a number of he executive . trippe sigh . trippe switch it off . executive but the hearing be not -- trippe the hearing be over . a executive turn off the tv . silence as trippe slowly rise and wander to he massive globe . he stare at the globe for a moment , clearly see the future . trippe ( cont 'd ) the c.a.b. bill will be defeat in the Senate . twa will begin flight from New York to Paris . and then on to Moscow to Japan to Hawaii to Los Angeles to New York . he continue to look at the globe . the world . his world . not anymore . Howard 's world . trippe ( cont 'd ) fuck . then he turn back to he executive : paasm tare ny continued : trippe ( cont 'd ) all right , gentleman , I want everything we have on Eastern Airlines on my desk in one hour . xt . lon each 10 . day like a great white leviathan , the hercules bob in the water far out in Long Beach Harbor . it be absurd . it be grandiose . it be magnificent . title : November 2 , 1947 . and the harbor be jamme . score of reporter and thousand of spectator fill every inch along the pier . hundred of boat cruise the harbor . plane circle overhead . newsreel camera filn . int . . er ss. ay 106 Howard , Glenn and Professor fitz climb the stair to the flight deck . it be gleam , busy and elegant . and , of course , huge . a dozen engineer , technician , navigator and radic operator be already at they complex instrument panel . Professor fitz gaze around at everything . howard come up front , Professor ... Professor fitz walk with Howard and Glenn to the forward station . Glenn strap himself into the co-pilot 's seat , switch on he unit . Howard settles into the pilot 's seat as Professor fitz nervously glance out one of the forward window . the choppy wave of the harbor be very far below . howard ( cont 'd ) why do not you strap yourself in right over there -- ( point to a auxiliary engineer 's station ) -- should be able to see great . Professor fitz do so , struggle a bit with the restraint harness . Howard make a quick visual check of the complex instrument panel before he . it be a beautiful anarchy of dial , instrument and gauge . a series of four throttle lever to he right and a elegantly design wheel ahead of he . baaawmrrien ) continued : he finally touch the sacred wheel . he smile . it feel right . howard ( cont 'd ) okay , odie , let 's power she up . they flip various switch and the plane 's eight propeller slowly begin to spin . a echoing , distant thrum from the massive prop . howard ( cont 'd ) advance master throttles . glenn advance master throttles . Howard reach to he side and gently push the four large throttle lever forward with he right hand as he leave hand control the wheel . outside : the hercules begin to move . cheer from the thousand of spectator on shore . Inside : glenn ( cont 'd ) venier be in sequence . howard understood . lower fifteen degree of flap . glenn lower fifteen degree of flap ... ( he glance to Howard ) ... she 's gotta hit 70 mph to have a chance . Howard gently play the throttle lever , he finger undulate like a pianist , feel they respond . outside : the hercules pick up speed . splash through the wave . Inside : Howard gently play the throttles , enjoy the feel of the plane . glenn ( cont 'd ) 25 mph ... 30 ... 35 -- take it easy , Howard -- 40 mph . continued : the flight deck be rock and bounce now in the choppy wave . Professor fitz hold on tightly . outside : the hercules pick up speed , crash over the wave . Inside : the whole flight deck be jump and vibrate now as the plane crash through the wave . howard throttle back for starboard turn 1- 8-0 . glenn . throttle back for starboard turn 1- 8-0 . Howard slow the plane , gently turn she . a perfect turn , the great beast respond to he delicate touch on the control . Howard slow to a stop . the plane wait . the engine rumble obediently . howard how do she sound , odie ? glenn sound good . Howard glance to Professor fitz . howard Professor , would you do I a favor ? would you look out that window there and tell I what the wind 's do ? Professor fitz peer out the window , try to gauge the wind . his eye dart from the wave below to a bird fly above , anything to give he a sense of speed and direction . professor fitz I would say we have a ... 15 knot wind . howard would you call that a tailwind , Professor ? Professor fitz look at he . professor fitz I would , Mr. Hughes . continued : Howard glance to Glenn . poke he lucky fedora a little higher on he head . howard advance master throttles . glenn advance master throttles . Howard gently fold he finger around the throttles and apply pressure . the hercules begin to move forward . pick up speed -- outside : the hercules crash through the wave -- inside : Howard force the throttle lever a bit more , still gently control the wheel with he leave hand . howard lemme hear it , odie . glenn 25 mph ... 30 ... 35 ...°40 ... outside : the hercules be racing through the wave now -- Inside : glenn ( cont 'd ) wee 45 46 . 50 2 ... 55 6 the roar of the engine and vibration of the plane echo through the wooden ship bizarrely . the wood creak and moan - — qutside : the hercules be zoom through the water , send up great spray of white foam -- Inside : the roar be deafen . the whole ship be bounce and shaking violently . the throttles vibrate slightly under Howard 's firm right hand . his leave hand be still gentle on the wheel . in complete control . his eye totally focus ahead . continued : glenn ( cont 'd ) wee 60 42 . 65 546 70 ... 75 ! now . Howard give a final caress to the throttles and -- outside : the hercules leave the water . Inside : the terrible bounce and vibration abruptly stop . silence but for the distant roar of the engine . a stunne moment of realization . the hercules be airborne . outside : the hercules fly . Inside : Howard let out a enormous holler of joy . soon the whole flight deck be roaring with cheer and laughter . outside : the hercules . the spruce Goose . Howard 's Pet monster . soar . int . hanger -~- long beach day the mighty hercules be back in she berth . she overlook a celebration party . mob of friend and well - wisher . johnny meyer be talk with ava . Jack frye be confer happily with twa executive . Howard stand with a arm around Professor fitz , shaking hand and relive the flight . howard -+- Hell , I do not deserve the credit . all go to Professor fitz here , he make the wind blow right . could not have do it without he ... Excuse I . Howard see noah across the room . go to he . continued : noah congratulation . it be a hell of a flight . howard thanks . now listen , I have be think about something . something new -- now get ready : . jet airplane . you know anything about jet ? noah ( wary ) no ... but it sound expensive . howard oh , it will be . I will call you later . he stride off . noah watch he go , smile . more adventure . Howard snatch ava away from johnny meyer : howard ( cont 'd ) Excuse we , johnny ... ( he walk with she ) ... feel like go to Paris ? ava now ? howard couple month . twa 's start up flight to Europe . think I might pilot the first one myself . oughta be some fun . ava / lot of good shopping in Paris . howard I will buy you anything you want . ava ( stop ) you can buy I dinner , how about that ? howard dinner then . we get a date ? ava okay , baby , you get a date . he kiss she and then see Glenn odekirk across the room . howard I will be back in a second . do not go anywhere . continued : ava hey , be you really buy rko ? howard you want I to ? he give she a quick wink and go toward Glenn . she watch he go , smile . Howard catch up with Glenn , walk with he . howard ( cont 'd ) odie , I want to get start on jet technology . what do you know about it ? glenn not a lot . howard we need to start think about use that technology on commercial airliner . now , lockheed work on the F - 80 . let 's get Bob Gross on the phone and see if he can help we out . glenn now ? howard " course now . we gotta get into it . jet be gonna be the way of the future . the way of the future . the way of the future . the way of the future ... Glenn 's face . not want to believe . howard ( cont 'd ) the way of the future . the way of the future . the way of the future . the way of the future ... Howard 's face . panic . fear . he be defenseless . it 's finish . howard ( cont 'd ) the way of the future . the way of the future . the way of the future ... Glenn quickly take Howard 's arm and pull he through the party . howard ( cont 'd ) the way of the future . the way of the future . the way of the future . the way of the future ... continued : Glenn lead he to a bathroom . howard ( cont 'd ) the way of the future . the way of the future ... Glenn quickly check a bathroom , empty . gently push Howard inside as Howard continue to repeat . glenn ( gently ) : stay here . I will be right back . all right , Howard ? do you understand I ? howard ( nod ) the way of the future . the way of the future ... Glenn shut the bathroom door and hurry away . int . hanger ~~ bathroom following Howard stand in the filthy hanger bathroom , look around . howard the way of the future . the way of the future . the way of the future ... he go to a filthy sink . reaches out to wash he hand -- howard Pov -- extreme closeup -- the sink . it really be filthy this time . a foul , stain cauldron . Howard stop . hand suspend in midair . howard ( cont 'd ) the way of the future . the way of the future . the way of the future ... he look up at himself in the dingy mirror over the sink . howard ( cont 'd ) the way of the future . the way of the future . the way of the future ... he see he face in the mirror , and then the image change ... in the mirror : a long , dark corridor ... int . HOTEL corridor day -.. we be slowly move down the long , dark hallway ... on either side of we there be many door , all seal with plywood nail into place ... howard ( v.o. ) the way of the future . the way of the future ... we be inexorably move toward the one open doorway at the end of the hall . as we reach the door we fade to ... int . HOTEL room day airless and dark . the flicker blue light from a tv set be the only illumination . we see blackout drape over all the window , seal with duct tape ... a hospital bed with thick layer of paper towel spread over it ... a collection of medicine bottle and syringe ... stack and stack of kleenex box arrange in strange , geometric tower ... howard ( v.o. ) the way of the future . the way of the future ... we see a single recline chair in front of the tv . a shadowy figure sit in the chair . on the tv , the newsreel footage of Howard after the hercules flight : howard ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) well , I would say the airplane seem to be fairly successful . lady and gentleman , you be look at the way of the future ... we finally see the figure be sit in the chair . we do not really see he well but get a sense ... a haunt sense ... of a thin , tall man wrap in the robe . a beard and long hair . we see shadow and image ; contour and detail illuminate by the flicker tv light . it be Howard . 63 year old . watch himself on tv . old howard the way of the future . the way of the future ... int . hanger -- bathroom day Howard stand , look at himself in the mirror . continued : howard the way of the future . the way of the future ... in he eye , he see it all . his future . already write . that future be the price he will have to pay for he triumph . icarus into the sun . prometheus on the rock . be the price too high ? in Howard 's eye , we get we answer . his answer . we see a strange sort of acceptance . of triumph . maybe even peace . howard ( cont 'd ) the way of the future . the way of the future ... fade to black . the end .