the saint body { background - color : " # ffffff " ; font -family : courier New , helvetica , san -serif ; font-size :10.0pt } div { position : absolute ; leave :5 px ; top:20 px ; width:734px ; height :500 px ; } #loc { font - family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:1.2in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:0.8in;text-transform :uppercase } #slug { font - family : courier New ; font -weight : normal ; margin- top :0in ; margin-right : 1.2in ; margin-bottom :0in ; margin- leave :0.8in ; text - transform : uppercase ; } #act { font - family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:1.8in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin- leave :0.8in } #speaker { font - family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:1.in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:2.8in;text-transform :uppercase } #spkdir { font - family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:2.7in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left :2.2in } #dia { font - family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:2.6in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin- leave :1.6in } #pg { font - family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0 in ; margin-right:1.75in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left :6.5 in } #right { font - family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:0.75 in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left :5.0 in } the S a I N T by Jonathan hensleigh director : Phillip Noyce February 8 , 1995 New York City the only difference between the saint and the sinner be that every saint have a past and every sinner have a future . - o. wilde - fade in : the majestic city and bay , as see from the elevation of the surround shan Ho hill as we super '' hong kong '' 1965 panning away from the city , we come before the bleak facade of the saint ignatius orphanage . boy' voice ( o.s . ) Simon magus be a magician and sorcerer in uhhm ... Sumatra . int . hong kong - saint ignatius orphanage - day twenty boy , age 7 to 12 , sit at spartan desk , bible raise . father o'neal walk amongst they . a career Jesuit with razor eye and thin lip . a awful man . father 0'neal ( sternly ) sumeria . and what happen to he Francis ? francis , 12 , be the eldest and large boy . francis Jesus ' disciple come and perform miracle . when Simon magus see the miracle he offer disciple Peter gold for the power of God . father 0'neal what do disciple Peter say to that ? Michael quinn ? Father o'neal stand before the youngest , littlest boy , who , unlike the other , exhibit no fear in he huge , intelligent eye . Father o'neal hate this boy . the boy , michael quinn , do not respond . Father o'neal snatch he bible , revealing a second book hide behind it . it 's a dime store pulp adventure with a gaudy cover entitle " the knight templar . " father 0'neal answer the question Michael . the little boy stare up at he . michael quinn that 's not my name . Father o'neal yank the boy from the chair . drag he by the arm across the room and out into the corridor . the other boy wait two second , then they spring up and run , en masse , to the door . group in the threshold , strain for a good view , they watch as -- father o'neil pull Michael quinn into a office down the corridor . the door have a stain - glass window . it begin . we see it in silhouette : Father o'neal with a cane switch in he hand , the boy beneath he . down the switch come . again . and again . the boy yelp . and again and again and again ... and now he scream ... the boy huddle in the doorway begin to wince . with every repeat , merciless descent of the switch ... int . saint ignatius orphanage - eating hall - night the boy sit at bench . Michael quinn stare stoically ahead . the back of he shirt be stripe with blood . father yin , 50' , a chinese Jesuit , grim in black frock and white collar , pace amongst the bench . Father o'neal watch from the side . father yin why one child be bear into a good home and another into poverty - that be but part of God 's design . all of you be unwanted , put here because of the sin of you unwedd mother . the church have feed you and educate you . give you a home . a name . a identity . stop before Michael quinn , he point to a portrait on the wall of a stern -face Jesuit . father yin who be that , boy ? michael quinn Father Michael quinn . father yin yes . a great man . you ungrateful little cur , you will sit here without food until you appreciate you namesake . ( to the other boy ) all of you will sit with he . put lunch away , Mr. fong . mr . fong , the orphanage cook , wheel a food cart into the kitchen and lock the door . Father yin exit , follow by Father o'neal and Mr. fong , leave -- a hundre boy stare at Michael quinn . dissolve to : int . orphanage - night again , Father yin stand before Michael quinn . the boy be seat for they evening meal . father yin what be you name , boy ? silence . Michael quinn stare straight ahead . father yin put supper away , Mr. fong . mr . fong wheel the food cart into the kitchen and lock the door . again , a hundred boy stare at Michael quinn . int . orphanage bunkroom - night a long , narrow room with bunkbed . the boy be not sleep . they be group around Michael quinn 's bunk . one boy have he hand clamp to Michael 's , mouth , the other be wail on he ... and outside -- int . orphanage - corridor outside bunkroom - night father o'neal and yin watch through the door . father yin spareth the rod , spoileth the child . int . orphanage - morning Father yin grit he tooth , stare down at Michael quinn , whose face be welt . nothing have change . father yin put breakfast away , Mr. fong . again , the food cart go into the kitchen . the father and Mr. fong exit . the boy rise , move toward Michael quinn . they be go to kick the live shit out of he . michael quinn stop . you will have you breakfast . Michael quinn walk to the lock kitchen door . the other boy , curious , follow . Michael quinn kneel before the door , examine the lock . he look around . on a counter next to the door be eating utensil . Michael quinn pick up a fork . he bend the fork 's tine . insert it in the lock . he fish around for a second . nothing happen . he pull the fork out , rebend it , and insert it in the lock again . and click .. .. the lock pop . Michael quinn turn and smile . the boy flood inside . the hungry boy go for the food cart , scoop up egg and sausage . they be ravenous . Francis , mouth full of sausage , beam at Michael quinn . francis they should have name you Simon , like Simon magus the sorcerer . michael quinn no. Simon . . . . ( pull the " knight templar " paperback from he back pocket ) ... templar . suddenly a sharp whistle . the boy , startle , whip they neck around . mr . fong stand in the doorway . Father o'neal and Father yin enter quickly . the boy back away from the food cart . father yin who .. . who do this ...? the boy look at Michael quinn . then Francis speak : francis I do father . and another boy , James : jame I do father . . and another and another : " I do father . " they all say it . and the littlest youngest boy , surround by he new confederate , smile slightly . his eye glint . CUT to : begin MAIN title sequence ext . ST . petersburg , russia - night a chilly September night . a rally be underway in the dvortsovaya ploshchad , the vast square at the foot of nevsky prospect boulevard . the Winter Palace and hermitage loom in the b.g. 500,000 ST . peter burger ' stand shoulder - to-shoulder , listen to a speech . INTERNATIONAL t.v. crews ( the BBC , CNN , etc. ) be transmit the event . speaker ( o.s . ) in i917 lenin stand here and promise a new age . the result ? tyranny . Poverty . the darkest year in we history . the speaker stand on a platform behind a cluster of microphone , he image project on a huge screen ( like the Sony screen in Times Square ) above and behind he . he be michael romanov , coal -haire , fierce , ardent , eye glint like onyx , voice cut the night air . romanov in 1987 Gorbachev stand here and promise a new age . the result ? a end to communism . democracy . a free economy . and what else ? Chaos . ( crowd cheer ) the economy run by criminal , the government run by charlatan . and they be in league together ! thiefe ! traitors ! ( louder cheer ) Men and woman of St. Petersburg , citizen of Russia , the salt of this country , this must end ! ( deafen cheer ) join I then in the song of we forefather . romanov begin to sing , ably , the first verse of " mother Russia " ( the Russian anthem before the bolsheviks ) . the crowd join he . the ploshchad ring with the voice of half a million Russians ... CUT to : ext . ST . petersburg - nikko HOTEL - continuous we be 12 storey up , outside the city 's nikko hotel . the rally across town be a distant glow . we hear the sing crowd . two hand appear , grip the nook of the exterior architecture . a man in black climb up , secure a sling to the window frame in which to sit . a bulky backpack hang from shoulder strap . he produce a diamond cutter ; begin carve a man-size aperture in the window . below , in the foyer '' int . nikko HOTEL - grand foyer ballroom -- a japanese security man sit at he guard station , watch c.n.n. news on a small television . Wolf blitzer be report live from the rally . wolf blitzer ( on t.v. ) a extraordinary allegation , Bernard , that Russia 's present leadership , include President Victor karpov , be connect with the country 's underworld . Inside the foyer ballroom , japanese businessman be host a reception . the nikko Hotel 's core be hollow , like the Hilton in New York ; thus , the ballroom 's " ceiling " be 12 storey up . champagne server be pass out glass . a grey-haire japanese businessman , hiro myaki , clink he glass . the guest pay attention . during this we focus on a champagne server move toward the lobby elevator with a full tray . hiro myaki lady . gentlemen . the myaki Corporation look forward to many profitable day ahead . to we new manufacturing facility in St. Petersburg . to the new Russia ! as the crowd clap ... ext . nikko HOTEL - exterior wall ... the man in Black kick at the cut section of window , push it into the hotel and plunging inside after it . int . nikko HOTEL - ceiling superstructure the man in Black catch hold of a steel girder and dangle , and , miraculously -- the piece of window do not fall . it 's stick to he foot with suction cup . the man in Black move , hand over hand , toward the mezzanine balcony , the window stick to he foot . in the lobby below everybody 's beam , toast , congratulate , etc. , totally oblivious to the man in black , 12 storey up , inching hand - over-hand across the roof superstructure . int . nikko HOTEL - ceiling superstructure over mezzanine the man in Black have reach the mezzanine . two japanese security guard , armed with automatic rifle , walk they shift directly below he . they pass a wall mount television , also carry the news : wolf blitzer ( on t.v. ) one thing 's certain , Bernard : Michael romanov , age 32 , french bear and Oxford educate , descendent of the last czar , be a political force to be reckone with . the guard move down the mezzanine ; one joke , the other laugh . they disappear around a corner . the man in Black hang from the girder with one hand ; with the other he yank the piece of window off he foot - mount suction cup . he drop to the mezzanine . he rest the glass against the wall . he peer over the balustrade at the party below . satisfied , he remove he hood , ending title . this be simon templar . a hard , self - reliant , crafty man . you should treat he as such or be very sorry you ever meet he . it be unfortunate that a man of templar 's various talent can be so lack . how ? his journey have be through a tough world and he have come fast . this one give no quarter . ever . though he outward self glow with life , he be dead inside . templar , focus utterly , steal inside a corridor . int . nikko HOTEL - interior corridor a long corridor with a door at the end , on which be engrave : myaki corporation . at the entrance , secure in a niche , be a bronze bust of hiro myaki . templar stop cold . a rug ( a oriental runner ) extend the length of the corridor . templar kneel , lift a edge of the rug . revealing anti - theft pressure sensor . templar produce a dartgun ( the size of a flare gun , silence , with a spool of steel cable attach to the top ) . he aim down the corridor and fire . a steel dart explode from the barrel , spool out the cable , and imbed above the door at corridor 's end . templar yank the other end of cable from the spool . he look around for something to secure it . templar sorry about this . he tie the cable around myaki 's bronze neck . he hang from the cable , testing it . it will hold . he pull out a aluminum contraption with small wheel and two handle grip . it 's a glider for the cable . he attaches the glider to the cable , grip the handle , and glide the length of the corridor . the other end of the corridor - over the door templar bump up against the door . he pull he knee up and over the handle of the glider , then flop over backwards , hang upside down . he face be now right next to the door handle , over which be a electronic lock ( open by punch a code ) . templar pull out a black BOX . it 's a really small , really powerful computer and its job be to run through every possible number combination in about a minute and a half . templar wire the computer to the lock with two needlelike electrode probe . he activate the system . the little computer start run through combination of number . he wait , hang upside down . meanwhile -- int . nikko HOTEL - mezzanine - elevator lobby the japanese guard be smoking by the elevator , joke , laugh . one of this guy be a riot ... the elevator open . the champagne server come out , tray in hand . champagne server compliment of Mr. myaki . japanese guard ( delighted ) ahh ! beam , they each take a glass . they clink and drink . int . nikko HOTEL - interior corridor the computer beeps . it 's finish . templar turn the door handle ; push open the door . he pull himself up . hang from he hand again . he swing he leg back and forth , get momentum up . he release from the glider and lunge inside . int . nikko HOTEL - myaki corporation office a grand boardroom with japanese furniture and art . at the end of a fifty - foot mahogany table be a painting of hiro myaki . templar walk over to it . templar sorry again . he rip the painting off the wall and heave it aside . and here , where the painting be , be a safe . templar unshoulder he backpack . he pull out a 40 - pound carlsbad & rinker industrial diamond - tip drill , as big as a jackhammer . no finesse here , people . no , there 's no time for high - tech . he 's go to drill right through the bitch , right through four inch of tungsten steel . he start set up the drill . int . nikko HOTEL - mezzanine lobby two champagne glass lie shattered on the floor , and next to that mess lie the japanese guard , now unconscious . the champagne server 's go ... int . nikko HOTEL - mezzanine ... because he 's here , move quickly toward the myaki Corporation 's office , and he 's not a champagne server , but a thief and a killer , a blonde Russian name ilya . ilya stop just outside the interior corridor . with the guard keyring , he shut off the anti-theft mat and move around the corner into the corridor . int . nikko HOTEL - interior corridor ilya stop short . his eye spark . he see templar 's cable and glider . int . nikko HOTEL - myaki corporation office templar , wear goggle , lean into the drill as the bit chews into the tungsten lock . this be a violent exercise . sinews of metal spit out like shrapnel . he 's through the lock in second . templar heave the drill aside ; it land with a thud on the beautiful mahogany table . he open the safe . inside the safe be one object : a SMALL BOX , the size of a cufflink keeper . templar grab it and open it . inside the little BOX be a tiny micro - chip . templar close the box and pocket it . ilya ( v.o. ) do not move . templar freeze . his eye twitch . this be not in the plan ... ilya ( v.o. ) turn around . slowly . templar face ilya . ilya have a silence handgun . ilya on you knee . ( templar sink to he knee ) give I the box . slowly . templar pull out the box . toss it to ilya . ilya raise the handgun at templar 's head . smile . try something : throw a extension cord on the ground . I guarantee it will land coiled in several place . ilya happen to be stand inside one of the coil of the drill 's extension cord . and this be not lose on templar . templar , on he knee , grab the cord and yank it ; the coil tighten around ilya 's ankle . his leg fly from under he and he go down , the gun clatter across the floor . ilya try to get to he foot . templar floor he with a right cross . templar grab the box and he backpack and sprint across the room . ilya gain he foot and grab he gun ; sprint after templar . int . nikko HOTEL - mezzanine templar run to the balustrade and climb atop it . he jump , clutching the ceiling girder above . he 's go out the way he come in . suddenly ilya' hand be around he ankle . templar fall . he 's go 12 storey to he death . no . his finger clutch the outside of the balustrade . templar dangle there , look up at the sadistic face of ilya . and suddenly below -- int . nikko HOTEL - grand foyer ballroom -- a japanese woman , look up , point at the man dangle from the balustrade above , scream . and now everybody look up . hiro myaki sound the alarm ! call the police ! int . nikko HOTEL - mezzanine ilya and templar . ilya calmly compress he foot against templar 's leave knuckle . ilya the box please . templar , grimace , reach with he right hand and pull the box from he pocket . hand it slowly to ilya , who reach over the balustrade for it ... templar stuff the box in he tooth and grab ilya 's hand , jerk he over the balustrade . ilya fall 12 storey to he death . no he do not . he fall one story and miraculously catch the balustrade there . templar clamber up again , atop the balustrade . he jump to the ceiling girder . Hand over hand , swinging like a acrobat , templar 's across the girder in second . he release from the girder to the window frame . there 's one further problem . bullet . ricocheting all around he . fire by -- ilya , one floor down . templar reach over he shoulder . pull a gun from he backpack . to return fire ? no , it 's the dart gun . templar aim the dart gun out the aperture he cut in the window and fire . ext . nikko HOTEL - 12 th floor a steel dart launch from the window , fly fifty yard , and imbed in the staircase bulkhead of the build adjacent to the nikko . int . nikko HOTEL - ceiling superstructure templar tie the cable to the ceiling girder . he pull out he black hood and drape it over the teach cable . he grab both end of the hood . and he jump . ext . nikko HOTEL / adjacent build templar fly through space , across the cable , the hood act as a makeshift glider . he land on the roof of the adjacent building . templar look around . siren be wailing . he run across rooftop , disappear into the St. Petersburg night . int . nikko HOTEL - grand foyer ballroom total chaos . woman scream , everybody run around . ilya come through the panicked crowd . ten ST . petersburg policemen enter . ilya I try to stop he ! he go out the window ! five policeman go for the elevator . five more exit quickly . ilya follow . ext . nikko HOTEL - entrance the befuddle police race off , look skyward at the top floor of the building . ilya curse silently . and peel away from the cop and commotion , off into the night . CUT to : int . a british - AIR 747 - morning the first class section . the plane be in flight . a stewardess , young , perky , come down the aisle push a magazine / newspaper cart . stewardess newspaper sir ? simon templar sit there , dress as usual without much heed to fashion . note this , reader : templar be not a super -spy , super-hero , or super-rake . he be a thief . he 's examine several antique Russian bracelet and locket . he look up at the stewardess . stewardess ( cockney ) wow , be that gorgeous or what ... templar you have a eye for beauty . of course - you see it every time you look in the mirror . she blushes , fidget , as he eye bore in on she . stewardess why thank - you , mr... ( read seat assignment ) templar . she continue down the aisle , smile to herself . templar resume with he locket . int . british AIR 747 - five hour later the plane have land . passengers be filing out past the stewardess . stewardess Goodbye , goodbye , enjoy you stay in London , etc . templar move past the stewardess , carry two carry - on bag . he wink at she . she wink back , and finger one of the russian locket , now around she neck . stewardess good-bye , Mr. templar . as templar move off , she smile to herself and CUT to : int . london - heathrow airport templar walk briskly away from custom . a man in trenchcoat fall in behind templar . two men appear in front of templar , block he path ; the man behind templar come to he side . they be Scotland yard man baker , teal , and inspector macduff . inspector macduff how 's the weather in St. Petersburg ? templar cold . inspector macduff let 's warm thing up for you . Baker and teal gruffly take templar by the shoulder and walk he forward and CUT to : int . heathrow custom - interrogation room a spartan room , a table and two chair . macduff ransack templar' bag while , across the room -- templar kiss the wall , hand outstretch , as Baker finish frisk he . templar turn . baker he 's clean . templar ( to macduff ) careful with that . it 's delicate equip ... macduff lift templar 's 9mm pistol from the bag . templar . . . ment . macduff yes . very . templar it 's for protection . I deal in antique .... macduff ( snap ) I know what you deal in . and this ? you pajamas ? he hold up templar 's black bodysuit . templar for jogging . my doctor 's recommend five mile a ... macduff sit down and shut it . templar sit down . Baker have templar 's papers . he hold up a certificate . baker he 's license to carry , Inspector . macduff let 's see the passport . ( Baker hand macduff templar 's passport ) what 's you nationality this week , templar ? templar I forget . macduff ( look at passport ) issue by the principality of .. . Yemen ? you be bloody joke . templar ( shrug ) call the embassy macduff whip the passport at templar . templar calmly move he head ; the passport fly by . Hit the wall . macduff shut it . macduff lean down , come in close . templar do not blink . his expression never change . macduff you pass through Russia for a day with that gear and , what a surprise , a prototype computer chip worth quarter of a billion quid be nick from the myaki Corporation the night you arrive . we know you do not fence it in Russia . where be it ? the door open . teal enter , toss several x-ray photograph on the table before macduff . two be of templar 's bag , two be of he body . teal ( cockney ) all negative . he do not swallow it . a embarrassing pause . templar you have get three option : charge I , or release I . macduff what 's the third . templar you can kiss my ass . a dreadful pause . macduff smile . he turn away , then turn back and viciously backhand templar across the face ; templar 's head jerk . the blow would knock most man out . now templar smile . like a serpant . and say calmly : templar I be a busy man . make up you mind . macduff stare at templar , gritting he tooth . templar rise . begins collect he thing . CUT to : int . london restaurant - evening a quaint place off Piccadilly . the stewardess ( from templar 's flight ) gulp a martini . she be tipsy . she show it . stewardess .. . then I mum say , call uncle Charlie , he 's in the airline business , there 's job there , good benefit too , and .. .. where be I ? templar , endure this , sit opposite with a scotch . templar how you get you job . stewardess right ! ( hiccup , giggle ) ' scuze I . templar motion to a pass waitress . templar another round please . stewardess ye be tryin ' to get I drunk , be not you ? be you cute or what ? I gotta freshen up . ( she rise ) where 's the loo in 'ere ? templar back there . leave you locket . I will polish it for you . she smile crookedly ; hand over the locket . stewardess be you a dearheart or what ... she blow templar a kiss and lurch off to the bathroom . templar watch she a moment . when she 's go he put the locket on the table . he pries open the back of it with a pen-knife . insert - the locket - there be a compartment in which sit the stolen micro-chip . templar pluck out the chip and drop it into a envelope . back to scene - following the stewardess as she return to the table . she sit down . look around . templar 's go . the locket 's go . the waitress appear . stewardess maam , where 's the go who be sit 'ere ? waitress he leave , love . Said you would take care of the bill . she hand the stewardess the bill . she stare at it . stewardess what ? she sink down , confuse , blink , near tear . CUT to : int . london - musgrave HOTEL a small , plush , discrete residential hotel in the heart of mayfair ( Regent Street , grovesnor sq. or equivalent ) . templar approach the front desk with he carry - on bag . concierge harry winston and the HOTEL manager be behind the desk . concierge harry winston Mr. templar ! good to see you sir . you room key - south penthouse as usual . you suit be up from storage , press of course , and there 's a bottle of oban on the dresser . templar thanks Harry . oh , and Harry ... ( pull out the envelope with the computer chip ) .. . ship this by overnight courier to that address . concierge harry winston very good sir . jimmy , a young bellman , take ternplar 's bag . templar do not let go . a uncomfortable pause . concierge harry winston Jimmy , Mr. templar carry he own bag . templar step past Jimmy into the elevator . jimmy the bellman what 's with the bag , gov 'nuh ? HOTEL manager they be all he ever bring . the man 's bill be pay by a bank in Switzerland and he mailing address be a corporation in Lisbon . bloody strange ... concierge harry winston Mr. templar , strange ? no sir , he 's just shy . CUT to : int . musgrave HOTEL - south penthouse ternplar sit at a desk with a bottle of oban scotch and glass , stare at the screen of a modeme mini - computer . -- templar type : lion contacting zebra : be zebra home ? -- and this come back : affirmative , lion . -- templar type : pigeon be flying ; will arrive a.m. -- and this back : excellent . lion get lion' share . -- templar type a new command . a new screen appear : ******* national bank of geneva ******* private unmarked account please enter security password templar type in : 77n8ls473z . this appear : ******* national bank of geneva ******* account of : templar , simon balance ( as of 8/1 /95 ) : U.S. $ 47,895,12s.12 ( not a typo , reader . it 's forty - seven million buck . ) templar pick up he scotch and drink , stare at the screen . he 's wait for something ... the first digit , " 4 , " vanish . a " 5 " appear in it 's place . now fifty - seven million . templar permit a slight smile , have just make 10 million dollar , and drink he scotch . the phone ring . templar eye it skeptically . he pick it up . templar yes . a voice with a Eastern european accent : voice be this Simon templar ? templar it depend . voice a meeting . Midnight , blackfriar Bridge . templar involve what ? voice a lot of money . if you want it . click . templar recradle the receiver ; he stare at it a moment and CUT to : int . musgrave HOTEL lobby - later - night templar enter the lobby wear a fresh suit under a black leather trench coat . he go to the desk , where concierge Harry Winston look up . templar Harry , I be go for a walk over blackfriar Bridge . Midnight . pause . and Harry , just perceptibly , nod . and return to he obsequious self . harry winston very good , sir . templar walk off through the lobby . harry winston Jimmy ( Jimmy walk over ) it 's about time I teach you how to run the front desk . CUT to : ext . london - blackfriar ' S bridge - midnight fog . the bridge light cast everything in a sickly yellow glow . below , a tugboat plow the river , horn bellowing . the light of southwark twinkle beyond . templar enter from Victoria embankment . two figure emerge from the fog . templar approach . one be a huge dim - wit with greasy hair , as tall and wide as a bookcase . his name , aptly , be zero . the other be middle - age and strongly build . a high forehead ; clipped , irongrey hair ; square jaw and aquiline nose ; deep - set , ruthless , unblink eye . this be gregor tretiak . to characterize he as the John gotti of Russia be to demean he . he be vastly more powerful . tretiak interesting . ( size up templar ) you be not a big man . but man like you never be . it be my pleasure , Simon templar . my name be ... templar I know who you be . tell I what you want , or I keep walk . tretiak suppose I do not want anything . suppose I want to kill you . templar suppose there 's a high - power rifle train at you head . as tretiak 's eye dart about , templar raise he hand , wave , signal to someone below the bridge -- below the bridge - on the victoria embankment -- that someone be concierge harry winston , in a cloth cap and rain mack now , and yes , he have a 30.6 scope rifle train at tretiak 's head . back to the bridge tretiak 's jaw muscle twitch . he smile thinly . tretiak rumour have not lie about you , Mr. templar . last night something be steal in St. Petersburg . my city . templar you talk about the place as if you own it . tretiak ( sinisterly ) I do , Mr. templar . May I ask who hire you ? templar you can ask . I will not answer . tretiak what you steal I want very badly . ( beat ) ilya . ilya emerge from the shadow . lock eye with templar . the thief from the nikko ! tretiak what be the say - if you can not beat they , why not join they ? a american phrase , no ? or be you british ? Australian ? templar I be nothing . except bored . get to the point . tretiak ( smile ) of course . a american scientist have work ten year to develop a certain technology . I be inform that the technology will be make public at the annual nuclear science symposium in Washington d.c . I would like the plan and specification for this technology . before the symposium . templar what be we talk about ? tretiak a nuclear fusion generator . we have a man on the inside . templar why can not he steal it ? tretiak he 's try . the scientist trust no one and keep no hard record of the technology in the lab . templar nuclear fusion . they say it 's mankind 's only hope after all the oil 's go . this guy 's actually do it ? tretiak she . templar come again ? tretiak she , Mr. templar . the scientist be a woman . ( hand over a dossier ) her dossier . all the information you will need . templar my fee be fifteen million U.S. dollar , half up front , half when I deliver . you will hear from I . templar turn and walk off . tretiak templar , one question . templar stop . turn . tretiak I ask you to steal a person 's entire life 's work . you have no reaction . be you that cold ? templar stare back , expressionless . he turn and disappear into the fog . tretiak no , rumor have not lie about you , templar . CUT to : ext . westchester county - establishing shot various establish shot of this suburban community just north of Manhattan . pretty , charming , affluent . int . westchester county - supermarket a large suburban supermarket . the aisle be full of Westchester woman : affluent , country clubby , housewifey type . a hand reach for a bottle of lemonade ( 100 % Natural ) , bring it down to the eye level of -- jillian ST . thomas . she be lean , a swimmer 's body perhaps , with terrific acuteness and authority in she think , speech , and action . debate this woman ? Fine , but you would better know what the hell you be talk about . her stare can stop a train . she 's casually dress . only she jacket stand out . it 's waist - cut , with a colorful diagram of proton and electron circle a nucleus embroider on the back . jillian ( read ingredient ) filter water , high fructose corn syrup . lemon juice concentrate . citric acid . gum acacia ...? ( grumble ) totally natural , yeah right . she return the bottle and turn , come face - to- face with simon templar , wear a moustache and glass now . he have a bottle of lemon juice in he hand . templar try this . ( smile ) sorry , I overhear . ( hand she the bottle ) the real thing . no chemical , no preservative . she read the label . satisfied , she look at templar . jillian thanks . she put it in she cart and wheel off and CUT to : int . supermarket - produce section - minute later jillian be examine apple . there be a thumping noise . it persist . finally she look over at -- templar . he 's stand in front of the watermelon . he 's thumping one with he thumb . he notice jillian . templar hello again . this be not ripe . how be the apple ? jillian excellent . they be in season . templar walk over to the apple . pick one up . Studies it for a moment . templar I wonder why he do not want we to eat this . a pause . she look at he , puzzle . jillian who ? templar God . in the Garden of eden . jillian oh right . sorry , little slow today . bad headache . ( look at the apple ) uhm , actually , I do not know . templar why be not it : " no bananas . " or : " avoid , at all cost , kumquat . " wonder what God have against apple . she give he a funny look and turn away . jillian sorry . can not help you . templar how about William tell ? you really think he shot one of this off he brother 's head with a arrow ? jillian turn around again . a pause . jillian do I know you ? templar unlikely . I just move to New York . she stare at he . this be a very strange man . intrigue yes , but also possibly a lunatic . she decide to take the dismissive route : jillian well uhhm , sir , to answer you apple question , one , I do not know what God 's problem be . two , William tell , like Paul bunyon , never exist . and in case you be wonder , Isaac Newton discover gravity through planetary observation not because one of that fall on he head , and I seriously doubt that eat one a day will keep the doctor away . ( beat ) okay ? she wheel she cart off . say over she shoulder : jillian by the way - welcome to the Big Apple . templar watch she wheel off . his eye glint . this be go to be interesting ... CUT to : ext . westchester supermarket - parking lot - day jillian slam down the hatch of she station wagon , now fill with grocery . she get in . the car pull out of the parking lot . int . jillian' station wagon - drive jillian , drive , drink she lemonade , listen to a cassette tape . a authoritative , scholarly , indian voice : vijay singh ( v.o. , cassette ) nuclear fusion occur when pair of nuclei meet and they proton and neutron fuse together into a single nucleus . the fuse nuclei move off at high speed , produce energy . nuclear fusion could provide we with almost unlimited power . jillian no , really ? moron . vijay singh ( v.o. , cassette ) all you need be two hydrogen gas , deuterium and lithium , and a machine to make they fuse under control condition . jillian c'mon , Dr. Singh . tell I something I do not know . jillian see something through the windshield . she turn down the volume and squint -- jillian be Pov - through windshield a roll royce sit on the road shoulder . as we pass the roll , we see simon templar stand next to it wear a hopeless expression . back to scene - jillian look at the roll in the rear-view mirror . she frown . jillian just keep drive . jillian frown again . against she better judgment , she pull over . throw it in reverse . ext . westchester - suburban road shoulder - day jillian 's station wagon back up to the roll royce on the road shoulder . jillian get out . templar hello ! she walk up to he . together they look down at the rear tire . it 's flat , a pancake . jillian where 's the spare ? templar i.. . well .. . I be not really certain . jillian you do know how to change a tire . templar sorry . ( beat ) I be not very ... mechanical . jillian roll she eye . jillian give I you key . templar hand they over . they walk to the rear . jillian open the trunk . they both look down at -- . the trunkss interior - the spare tire be also flat . templar ( sheepish ) sorry . jillian roll she eye again . jillian all right , where do you live ? templar Close . jillian it 's you lucky day . ( begin to walk off ) come on . templar watch she walk off . he smile grimly . CUT to : int . jillian be car - drive the car wind through Westchester road . vijay singh ( v.o. , cassette ) Research have center on a machine call a tokamak , develop in Russia , essentially a doughnut shape tube that contain the gas to be fuse . at this , templar stare at the tape cassette . vijay singh ( v.o. , cassette ) the tokamak have not work because the two gas must be heat to a temperature of hundred of million of degree , and keep together for several second . jillian try room temperature , idiot . the tokamak 's get it all backwards . templar uhhm . Excuse I . who be that ? jillian him ? a powerful , well - respected man who do not know a goddarnn thing what he 's talk about . if I get one tenth of he funding ... jillian reach down and yank off the cassette player . she look out the window , grumble . they drive on . templar it 's the next leave . first driveway on the right . ext . westchester county - templar be home jillian 's station wagon pull into the circle of the large mansion in Westchester County . just stupendous . int . jillian' station wagon jillian stare , open-mouthed , at the mansion . jillian you live here ? ( turn to he ) be you for real ? he pick up jillian 's lemonade bottle . templar like the label say . no chemical , no preservative . jillian ( point at the house ) you work for this or inherit it ? templar my father make shoe . I inherite the company . now I make shoe . jillian ( look at the house ) that 's a helluva lot of shoe . templar uhm listen , I be not very good at this and I realize we just meet , but I be even -tempere , politically moderate , belong to no religious cult , have no child I know of , be free of communicable disease , I happen to find you attractive ... jillian wait a minute , hold on . be you ask I out on a date ? templar yes . jillian how do you know I be not marry ? templar I believe the fourth finger on you leave hand be ... jillian ( quickly ) okay so I be not marry . I could have a boyfriend . templar I would be surprised if you do not have several . jillian be surprised . lemme give you a hand . jillian pop the wagon 's back hatch and get out . templar follow . they walk to the wagon 's rear . jillian what about you ? there 's no wife stashed on some island someplace ? templar no wife stashed on some island . they pick up templar 's grocery ; each take two bag . jillian no mistress ? c'mon . no bimbo on the side ? templar not a one . they walk toward the mansion . jillian well , that 's a start . here 's the deal with I : I be not particularly even -tempere , I be staunchly liberal , belong to no religious cult but I do believe in God as a basic force of good , have no child because one have to have sex to do that and , well , let 's not pursue that , be free of communicable disease , see above , and you be a attractive man , if a little weird , and well .. .hell , why not . ( smile ) you have get a date , shoemaker . what 's you name ? templar Michael . Michael quinn . they reach the mansion 's front veranda . they set the grocery on a wicker couch . jillian I be jillian St. Thomas . they shake hand . jillian fish for a pen . jillian I will give you my number . templar just say it . I have a good memory . jillian ( look at he ) eight seven seven , five two nine eight . templar good . great . I will call you . jillian I have hear that before . templar I will call you . you save I today . thanks again . she walk off to she car . templar turn toward the front door . jillian suddenly stop . turn . jillian hey . ( templar turn ) what 's my number ? templar ( without hesitation ) eight seven seven , five two nine eight . jillian smile and continue toward the car , mumble : jillian and he have a brain . what do you know . at the mansion' front door - templar watch jillian get in she wagon and drive off . then templar key open the door and enter . int . westchester mansion - day the place be empty . totally . no furniture . nothing . just templar 's two carry - on bag on the floor in front of templar . dissolve to : int . westchester mansion - live room - night it 's late now . about 10 p.m. templar sit on a pack crate in the vacant live room with a glass of scotch , study jillian 's life . there be page of personal data and many photograph : jillian in cap and gown ; jillian in a lab coat ; jillian at the beach , etc . dissolve time CUT to : a legal pad , with templar 's handwritten note : no hard copy - computer softwear templar stare into the screen of he mini-computer . it be two hour later . insert - the mini - computer screen - templar have enter every detail of jillian 's life . look like this : Home state : Massachusetts hometown : milton highschool : milton Academy highschool mascot : bulldog University : Harvard University mascot : crimson it just go on and on : name of parent , family member , teacher , pet , boyfriend ; favorite movie , color , sport team , hobby , etc . dissolve time CUT to : templar finish enter the detail of jillian 's life . he copy it onto a 3 1 / 4 disk , pull out the disk and shut off the minicomputer . he lean down and pick up a shoe BOX . open it . he lift out a woman be shoe and jerk the heel , which lift away from the sole on hinge . revealing a hide compartment , in which templar place a small transistor . he click the heel shut . the shoe -- match dissolves to : the same shoe , now on jillian 's foot and widen to -- int . manhattan - le cirque -- jillian and templar at a corner table in Le cirque . the meal be over . they be drink coffee , laugh , at ease . the " date " be go well . templar I be not eccentric . jillian no ? you live in the biggest house in America but do you own shopping , you talk to strange woman about the history of apple , and you give a first - time date .. . shoe ? be not the tradition flower ? templar you say you like they . jillian I do . I be joke . they be beautiful . thank -you . they smile at each other . a waiter bring more coffee . there 's a sudden commotion . jillian and templar look -- across the room - a group of waiter be clap they hand for a young couple seat at a table . jillian ( to the waiter ) what happen ? waiter ( smile ) he just ask she to marry he . anything else ? jillian look at the radiant young couple . smile . templar just the check please . ( the waiter exit ; jillian look at he ) you do not answer my question . maybe it make you uncomfortable . maybe I should just shut up ... jillian no , it 's all right . okay : " why jillian never get marry , chapter one : " I do not know where you be from . . . templar Canada . jillian I do not know what it 's like there , but here , if a teenage girl do not want to be a cheerleader , or drink 'till she puke every weekend , or talk endlessly on the phone every night about absolutely nothing , then she do not win many popularity contest , know what I mean ? that pretty much take care of highschool . templar College ? jillian try earning double p.h.d . 's from Harvard before you turn twenty - three and have a social life . templar can I ask a personal question ? ( she nod ) what 's you i.q.? jillian ( laugh ) that 's personal ? my i.q.? let 's just say it 's high . templar very high . jillian yes , very high . as high as yours . templar you do not honestly mean that . jillian oh , you be a smart one , shoemaker . it 's in the eye . I can always tell . they stare at each other . neither avert eye . jillian I just do not often get the opportunity . it feel nice . templar for I , too . ( and he mean this : ) you be very pretty . jillian stop it . flattery will get you ... someplace . I do not know where yet . she smile . the waiter arrive with the check ; give it to templar . jillian pick up she purse and take she wallet out . templar see she do this ... templar no no no , absolutely not . put that away . jillian it 's not for we . it 's for the couple over there . ( point at the couple across the room ) waiter , put they bill on my card please . waiter maam ? be you sure ? jillian nod . the waiter take jillian 's card , exit . jillian smile at templar . [ due to he mean origin and evolution , templar have witness approximately three charitable act in he whole life , and this be the third .] thus do Simon templar smile uneasily back . CUT to : int . westchester county - jillian be house - night neat , modest , non-descript . jillian and templar enter . jillian walk across the live room into a bar alcove off the live room . jillian I will make the booze . turn on the news . I want to catch up on that Russia thing . templar turn on the t.v. his eye rove around , case the place . jillian ( o.s . ) what do you want , Michael ? I have get everything . templar scotch please . no ice . CNN evening news with anchor bernard shaw come on . bernard shaw ( on t.v . ) .. ..of the steadily grow neoczarist Party , levele more allegation against President Victor karpov . accord to romanov , two man , gregor tretiak ... templar look at the t.v. and double take . a photo of gregor tretiak have appear on the screen . bernard shaw ( o.s. ) .. . and Ivan gracha ... a photo of ivan gracha , 50' , short , beady - eye , sinister , appear on the screen . jillian poke she head out of the bar . jillian what brand ? bernard shaw ( o.s. ) ... allegedly the most powerful of Russia 's underworld boss , be link to President karpov in illegal enterprise ... jillian walk over to templar . they watch together . jillian that country 's go to explode . templar it very well might . oban . jillian what ? . templar my brand of scotch . oban . have any ? jillian no , but there 's a liquor store five minute away . she grab she coat , head for the door . templar wait . do not be ridiculous . she stop . look at he . jillian I want to be ridiculous . ( pause ) Michael , I have not have anybody over in ... a long time . and I happen to like you . I want to do this right . okay ? ( he smile ; nod ) I will be back in ten minute . ( point at fireplace ) build a fire . she wink at he and exit . templar walk to the window and stand there , wait . we hear jillian 's car start , see the headlight . templar you be make this too easy , dear . he pull from he pocket a black case , flip it open , turn it on . on a miniature computer screen be a detailed map of westchester county . two location be pulsing : 1 ) jillian 's house and 2 ) a move object , transmit from a home device , which we now see '' int . jillian ' S car - drive -- it 's in jillian' shoe as she stamp on the brake at a stoplight and wait and we CUT back to the house ... int . jillian ' shouse - back hallway templar move down the hall open door , look for jillian 's lab . he move quickly , ruthlessly . he come to a heavily lock FIRE door . he unpocket a set of burglar 's tool . for templar , this lock be a joke . he open they with alarming speed . he push open the door , revealing a descending staircase . he descend . int . jillian be house - basment templar find a lightswitch and flip it on . his eye widen . here we find -- jillian' laboratory . a pool of water ( the size of a small swim pool ) be surround by hundred of test tube of various shape and size contain chemical . templar move through , eye scan everything . he see jillian' computer . walk over to it . he unpocket the homing system and set it on the desk . the pulsing light be still move ; jillian have not yet reach the liquor store . he turn on jillian 's monitor and hard drive . the computer screen blink on . we see a menu : A. ) personal finances B. ) income tax C . ) thing to do D. ) address E. ) Research templar position the cursor on " E. ) Research " and hit " enter . " the modem engage ; this appear : ******* welcome to the internet ******* please wait then this appear : retrieval code : _____________________ templar smart girl . send you data into cyberspace and only you can retrieve it . because only you have the code . he unpocket the 3 1 / 4 disk contain the data from jillian 's life and push it into the disk drive . he type a command ; a new screen appear : data entry system Press any key to begin templar hit a key and the old screen reappear : ******* welcome to the internet ******* please wait retrieval code : ______________________ but now , in the space next to " retrieval code , " templar 's data appear . word after word , like this : -- " Massachusetts " -- Computer : access denied -- " Boston " -- -- Computer : access denied . -- " milton " -- -- Computer : access denied -- " milton Academy " -- Computer : access denied -- " bulldog " -- Computer : access denied it 's incredibly fast , a new word appear every second , as the system try to crack jillian 's code . but the computer deny access to each word . the homing device suddenly beeps . the pulsing light have stop , indicate jillian be at the liquor store . templar grimly turn back to the computer . CUT to : int . westchester liquor store - night the clerk , walter , hand jillian she change . she exit with a scotch bottle in a brown wrapper . clerk goodnight jillian . jillian '' night , walter . int . jillian' laboratory - night templar pace ; he look at the home device . the pulsing light be move back toward jillian 's house . templar look at the computer ; he system continue enter word : " hendrix . " access denied . " purple haze . " access denied . " Red Sox . " access denied . " celtic . " access denied . on and on ... each be meet with access denied . int . jillian' station wagon - drive - night jillian , drive , turn on the radio . she hum along . int . jillian' laboratory templar stare at the homing device ; the pulse be get closer ; it 's do or die now ... templar 's system suddenly stop . it have run through every word . each have meet with failure . templar frown . he yank the system disk from the disk drive . he begin pace ... templar okay , think . think . templar suddenly get a idea . he sit and type : " tokamak . " access denied templar stare at the screen in frustration . he look at the homing device ; the pulsing light be get really close . templar concentrate with every brain cell . we can feel he think . he 's remember something . memory flashback we're in jillian 's car again , when they first meet . jillian try room temperature , idiot . the tokamak 's get it all backwards . back to the laboratory templar grab a pencil and notepad and spell out : tokamak . under this he spell it backwards : kamakot . he turn to the computer and type : " kamakot " and instantly this flash : access granted . templar open sesame . the retrieval begin : a document appear on the screen : the generation of ENERGY from cold nuclear fusion submitted by : dr . jillian ST . thomas templar scroll through the document ; we see a dizzying display of graph , table , plan , specification , etc . templar pull out the disk contain jillian 's data and shove a fresh disk into the disk drive . he begin copying jillian 's research from harddrive to disk . he look at the homing device . Christ , she 's almost back .. . and indeed -- ext . jillian' house -- jillian 's car come wheeling into the driveway . int . jillian ' S laboratory - night the document be copy . templar grab the copy disk from the disk drive and rip the slip of paper from the notepad . he flick off the computer and sprint across the lab , then up the stair . ext . jillian' house jillian reach for the doorknob and enter -- int . jillian' house she come in . templar , relaxed , lounge on the couch , flipping through some magazine . he smile : templar that be quick . she walk past he to the bar alcove . jillian now Mr. Michael quinn , let 's have that scotch . hey , what happen to the fire ? templar I think we would create we own . jillian ( smile ) down boy . he get up ; go to the fireplace ; grab some log and lay they across the andiron and we -- dissolve to : the log , now gently burn . Cole porter be play . camera pan past jillian 's shoe on the carpet , past the oban scotch on the coffee table , now half empty , to -- -- the couch , where jillian and templar be lock in a heavy kiss . jillian stop . jillian whoah whoah whoah , time to put on the brake . that lip oughtta be license buddy ... templar sorry . I be not try to ... jillian I know you be not but if we keep go I be gonna be the one who get we both in trouble . whew ! ( fan herself ) have not feel like that for awhile . ( she brushes a lock of hair from he eye ) be I go to see you again ? a pause . perhaps , just perhaps , for the first time in he black life templar 's have a hard time lie ... jillian Michael ? templar ( smile at she ) how about breakfast ? jillian it 's a date . I will walk you out , shoemaker . ext . jillian be house - night in the threshold they kiss again . templar good-night . jillian ' bye . drive safe . templar walk off to he roll royce park in the driveway . he smile at she and wave . he turn toward he car ; he face go hard and cold . dissolve to : ext . ST . petersburg - nevsky prospect - continuous late afternoon on the nevsky prospect , St. Petersburg 's equivalent of the champ - elysee '' michael romanov stand on a raise platform outside the gate of a palatial mansion take up a whole city block . ten thousand supporter surround he . many carry large , slogan - fill banner . four thuggish - looking men stand guard inside the mansion 's compound , give romanov the eye . one be zero ( tretiak 's bodyguard on blackfriar Bridge ) . michael romanov where be Russia 's capital ? Moscow ? the kremlin ? no , Russia 's capital be ... ( point at mansion ) through that gate ! ( crowd cheer ) a de of thief ! a limousine pull through the crowd , which reluctantly part . the guard within the compound open the gate . michael romanov and here - the Prince of thiefe ! gregor tretiak sit in the back of the limousine , silently glaring at romanov . the limousine roll inside the compound , the gate clanging shut . michael romanov every citizen in St. Petersburg know what that man do , yet the police do not arrest he . they protect he ! how can this be ? maybe we should ask we elect whore in Moscow ! the crowd cheer wildly and start hurl rock , bottle , etc , through the gate at -- -- tretiak , emerge from the limousine . tretiak 's guard surround he ; they move quickly up the mansion 's marble step , dodging the throw debris . siren wail . four large police van roar up , the back door fling open . ST . petersburg police , in riot gear , deploy from the van . the police push into the crowd , wield riot shield and baton . a melee break out , romanov supporter versus the police . int . tretiak ' S headquarters - evening tretiak and he man move past a guard station manned by two guard watch six surveillance monitor ( show , at all time , certain area of . the compound ) . this be a former nobleman 's residence ; a 20 foot diameter crystal chandelier hang from the dome roof fifty foot above . a spectacular staircase ascend to a mezzanine , with office ( formerly bed chamber ) off it . tretiak approach a man in a lab coat , zubov , wear a grim , anxious expression . Zubov chainsmoke constantly . zubov there 's a problem . tretiak follow Zubov down stair into -- int . tretiak ' S headquarters - basement laboratory -- a large room with technician hunch over computer . tretiak follow Zubov to a large bank of computer . zubov ( indicate computer ) this be the data you thief send we . tretiak look at Zubov 's computer screen . insert - the computer screen . again we see : the generation of ENERGY from cold nuclear fusion submitted by : dr . jillian ST . thomas back to scene tretiak ( confuse ) cold fusion ? zubov yes . Fusion at room temperature . regarded as a impossibility by the scientific community . a myth . ( smile ) then I read this . Zubov begin scrolling through the document ; again we see the displav of graph . table . plan . specs.. etc . zubov she first prove why hot fusion - the tokamak - be impractical . you must heat the hydrogen gas so high , more energy be waste than create . here she go into the benefit of cold fusion . ( scroll more page ) the hydrogen isotope need . ( scroll more page ) the physical plant . she even estimate its cost . extraordinary . ( scroll more page ) the next page be the critical part , what no one in fifty year have discover . ( look up at tretiak ) the combination of chemical in which atom will fuse at room temperature . tretiak lean toward the screen , wait . tretiak well ? let 's see . zubov tretiak - I think from read this that the woman 's do it . she may have find a source of unlimited energy . tretiak what do you mean may have . show I . zubov I say there be a problem . Zubov hit the " scroll " key . the next page appear ; we see the head at the top of the page : the chemical environment for cold fusion but there 's something wrong with the rest of the page . terribly wrong . we know this because of '' tretiake expression , and it 's not too happy . tretiak where 's the rest of it ? zubov it 's in she head . and CUT to : int . jillian be house - kitchen - morning jillian , hum the Cole porter song from the previous evening , fill a basket with breakfast for two : egg , bagel , etc . sunlight stream in . bird chirp . she wear jeans and she jacket with the atomic diagram embroider on the back . she grab flower from a vase ; toss they in the basket . smile . int . jillian be house - live room she enter with the basket . look at the dishevel couch and the bottle of oban . she hum the Cole porter song , stab she foot in the shoe templar give her and go to the front door . ext . jillian be house - front jillian come out , run into -- yuri , she lab assistant , who come up the front stoop . mid - 20' , heavy Russian accent , white lab coat . yuri good morning , boss . where be you go ? jillian to see a friend . be back in a couple hour . she get in she car . yuri give she a look , go inside . int . jill ian be house - live room yuri enter . the foyer phone ring . yuri answer . yuri Doctor St. Thomas ' residence . ilya ( o.s. , in Russian ) there 's be a change of plan . yuri stare at the phone and -- CUT to : ext . westchester - templar ' S mansion - morning the huge estate , as before . jillian 's station wagon pull into the circular driveway . jillian get out with the breakfast basket . move up the flagstone walk . suddenly the front door open . a woman , mid -30' , pretty and well - dress , come out and lock the door . jillian watch she . the woman come down the walk . woman May I help you ? ( beat ) do you have a appointment ? jillian a what ? woman to see the house . jillian the man who life here ... who own the house ... woman what man . the estate be rent for wedding and corporate event . be you . ..interested ...? jillian no . no. the rental agent give jillian a funny look and get in she car . drive off . jillian stare at the house , thunderstruck . then she sharply inhale : jillian oh my god . ... jillian get in she car . CUT to : templar' computer screen , which read : ******* national bank of geneva ******* private unmarked account please enter security password int . j.f.k. int . - first CLASS lounge - continuous templar sit in the british Air lounge . he have shave and he eyeglass be go ; he look like himself again . in the b.g. , businessman be relax , read newspaper , drink coffee . over the intercom : intercom voice varig Air flight 157 to Rio de Janeiro , depart at 8 a.m , board now from gate seventeen . templar check he wristwatch : it 's 7:40 a.m. templar type in he password and wait . on the screen , this : ******* national bank of geneva ******* account of : templar , simon balance ( as of 8/15/95 ) : U.S. $ 57,895,125.12 ( the same balance since London ) . templar frown . something 's not right . he have not be pay . CUT to : int . jillian ' shouse - back hallway - morning jillian run down the hall , breath escape she lung . jillian the supermarket , the flat tire , all a set-up . you fool . you fool . ( call down the hall ) yuri! she unpocket she key , she hand tremble uncontrollably . int . jillian be house - laboratory - morning jillian race down the stair and across the lab to she computer . she move in a panic , as if in a live nightmare . she turn the computer on . she type in the code word , " kamakot , " and she research paper appear on the screen . in the lower right corner it read : last entered : 10:23 p.m . jillian no .. . .. she see something on the desk . the notepad on which templar write he note . the page be indent with templar 's pen mark ; the word " tokamak " and " kamakot " be clearly visible . jillian no , this can not be happen . yuri ! ( turn , call ) yuri ! she jump , startle , because yuri be right behind she . he move toward she and -- CUT to : int . j.f.k. int . - first CLASS lounge - continuous woman ( o.s. ) be that a good system ? a woman , 40' , dowdy and serious in a accountant - like way , have sit down across from templar . point at templar 's computer . templar yes . woman accountant ( o.s. ) go to Europe ? ( templar ignore she ) uhmm , I be go for coffee . like some ? it 's really no trouble . ... okay lady , anything to get rid of you : templar sure . Black please . she smile and walk off to the coffee counter , pass a businessman , who sit down with a steaming cup of coffee and start read the wall STREET journal . templar eye the man , then look back at he computer . he begin type . the phone modem engage . '' templar type : lion contacting bear . be bear home ? -- this come back : affirmative . -- templar type : lion have not be pay . explain . -- this come back : lion' data be defective . -- templar type : define " defective . " -- this come back : lions employment terminated . templar stare at the screen , he mind racing ... the accountant woman come back to the table with templar 's coffee . set it before he . smile . templar thanks . intercom ( v.o. ) british Air flight 74 to London now board from gate fifteen . I repeat , british Air Flight 74 ... the woman accountant rise , pick up she bag . woman accountant well , that 's I . so long . she smile . templar sort of smile back . she walk off to catch she flight . the businessman next to templar , hide behind he newspaper , set he coffee cup down next to templar 's . the businessman flip a page , engross in a article . he reach back for he coffee , but take templar 's cup . he drink from the cup . templar Excuse I , that 's my . . . . the businessman 's newspaper be shaking . violently . it fall to the table . the businessman 's face be flushed . he twitches . he pitch over . his head thud on the table . templar feel the businessman 's carotid artery . he 's dead . templar pick up he coffee and smell it . templar 's eye dart to the lounge . the Lady accountant be go . nobody in the lounge have notice what 's happen . templar hurriedly collect he thing . CUT to : ext . westchester - jillian' neighborhood - day a airport taxi stop at the curb . templar get out , pay the cabbie . the taxi pull away . templar approach the house , eye darting . he move toward the door , unpockete he 9 mm pistol . he check the doorknob , turn it . it 's open . ... int . jillian be house - day templar enter . no one be here . he move through the live room into the back corridor , glance into the kitchen , where we see that -- int . jillian be house - kitchen - day -- someone be behind the refrigerator , hold a silenced gun in a blackglove hand . int . jillian be house - back corridor - day templar move through the hall , look in each door . he come to the lab staircase . the door be open . templar head down the stair . int . jillian be house - laboratory - day templar come down ; he walk to the computer . he look at the document on the screen . he begin scrolling , go to the end this time . we see the graph , table , plan , specs . , etc . then the critical page appear : the chemical environment for cold fusion and under that . . . .. a nintendo game . Little spaceship be fly around chase other little spaceship ! templar stare at it , stunne : what he send the Russians be essentially worthless . templar shut off the monitor . the screen blacken . the black screen reflect light . it reflect a person come down the stair . a person with a gun ... templar dive away as three bullet blow the computer monitor to shard . the woman from the j.f.k . lounge , not a accountant but a assassin , draw a bead on -- templar , who scramble across the room ducking under lab table as bullet shatter bottle , beaker , test tube ; glass fill the air . templar stand up , he 9 mm levele at the woman . the woman 's gun be levele at templar . - templar that 's a reuger nine shot . I count nine . female assassin what if you be wrong . the tension boil . templar be right : she hand flash to the gun , eject the spend clip . she try to ram in a fresh clip but she 's not fast enough ... templar be across the room in half a second . he press he gun to she forehead . templar when be you hire and for what ? I be not in a very good mood ... templar cock the hammer . this get she attention . female assassin okay . take it easy . I be hire a week ago to take you and the woman out , and detonate the house . it be empty when I get here . templar who 's you employer ? female assassin I do not ask name . templar do they have accent ? Russian ? ( she nod ; he lower he gun ) I be pay you out of you contract . do not ask question . what 's you price ? female assassin fifty thousand for you , fifty for she , fifty for the house . templar pull out he wallet , from which he unfold three piece of negotiable paper . hand they to she . she examine they . templar U.S. bearer bond . good as cash . female assassin about the airport - no offense you understand . templar none take . go and do not come back . and she turn and walk off . int . jillian be house - bedroom templar enter , look around , think . he look in the bathroom . he look in the closet . on the floor be jillian 's footwear : sneaker , pump , cowboy boot , etc . right , templar , the shoe ... templar pull out he homing device and click it on . insert - homing device screen like before , a electronic rendering of westchester county . but no pulsing light . templar enter command , adjust the screen , widen it to greater new york . somewhere in queen , fairly close to the Atlantic Ocean , we see a pulsing light . but it 's fix , inert . the pulsing light begin to move east , quickly . templar watch it . the pulse be move too quickly for a automobile . and it 's head for the ocean . and it go in the ocean ! templar ( dawn on he ) A. . . .plane . indeed , Simon templar , a plane . CUT to : int . private jet - in flight over atlantic a mid-size gulfstream . jillian sit in a wheelchair , cover with a blanket . she stir . mumble something . slowly open she eye . yuri approach . yuri lift away the blanket . jillian 's wrist be tie to the wheelchair armrest , she ankle to the footrest . yuri produce a syringe . he grab jillian 's forearm and push in the needle . jillian 's head bob forward . CUT to : int . J. f. K. INTERNATIONAL - concourse templar hurry through the concourse with he carry - on bag , take a leave , move past sign : AIR FRANCE concorde - - - - > int . j.f.k . - " AIR FRANCE " - concorde terminal the passenger be in a line , go through security . templar walk up next to a guy in a brooks brother suit . stare at he . after a few second of this ... brooks brother man can I help you with something ? templar you ticket . what would you pay for it ? brooks brother man what ? templar I will give you twenty grand for it . Cash . right now . ( they stop ) I need to get on that plane . brooks brother man very badly obviously . ( study templar ) fifty thousand and it 's yours . templar roll he eye but the guy be unmove . templar scowl and pull out he bearer bond ... CUT to : int . marseille - airplane hangar - continuous a hangar at marseille ' marignane Airport . a man be sprawle inside the engine cowling of a wwi classic biwing fighter . we only see he leg . voice remy ! telephone . remy ( in engine cowling ) oui . un moment . remy samarkand , 40' , algerian , pull himself up and sit on the engine cowling . bandanna around neck . cigar . a tattoo here , a scar there ... coco , a young mechanic , hand remy a cellular phone . remy samarkand merci , Coco . ( Coco walk off ) remy samarkand aeronautique , remy samarkand . templar ( v.o. ) I need a favour , remy . remy samarkand ( smile ) anything for Simon templar ... CUT to : ext . paris , FRANCE - charle do gaulle airport - three hour later the concorde touch down as we super : charle do gaulle INTERNATIONAL airport , paris , FRANCE ext . do gaulle airport - tarmac templar , with he carry - on bag , and remy samarkand run across the tarmac toward a lear jet be fuel . in the b.g. sit the huge concorde jet . they yell over the howling jet engine . templar it's a little jet , maybe a turbo prop . entered scotland five minute ago , go ing to ST . petersburg . can we get to it before then ? remy samarkand oui . over finland . int . remy ' S lear jet - minute later the homing device - the screen show a map of europe . two location be pulsing : 1 ) remy 's jet , move north from Paris ; and 2 ) the jet carry jillian , move across Scotland head due east . the plane be in flight . templar 's home device and mini-computer sit on the cockpit console . templar what be you smuggle this day ? remy samarkand oh , thing . how long have it be '' two year ? Three ? now tell I : what 's so important about this plane ? templar Fifteen million dollar of my money . ( pick up cellular phone ) and a score to settle . templar punch number and CUT to : ext . east berlin - day the city 's decrepid industrial section . panning past building we come to the facade of " apex electronics , " the only well - maintain building on the block . a throbbing drum-beat be hear within ... int . east berlin - apex electroni cs - day organize . spotless . you could eat off the floor . a stereo play german techno-rock at a zillion decibal . a communications satellite hang from a hoist . berta frank ( hereafter " frankie ) , late 20' , blonde spiky hair , pretty in a sort of dangerous way , be solder a panel of transistor to the satellite . a wall - mount t.v. play a news program . german news anchor ( german ) in Russia , Michael romanov have be accuse of incite riot and violence in St. Petersburg ... the phone ring . frankie grab it . frankie ja. templar ( v.o. ) how 's the weather in Berlin , frankie ? frankie Simon ? where be you ? intercut - simon in remy ' S plane / frankie in berlin templar unimportant . how soon can you be in St. Petersburg ? frankie look at she wristwatch . frankie five hour . what type of job ? templar eye and ear . two hundred thousand cash for two day work . frankie who 's the mark ? templar gregor tretiak . his headquarters . his office in particular . frankie light a cigarette . thinks . frankie gregor tretiak be not a very nice man , Simon . four hundred thousand . templar deal . now listen , frankie ... dissolve to : int . the russian gulfstream - day four hour later . jillian sit , head bow , unconscious . yuri sit opposite . he be nodd off . if only jillian could wake up ... the pilot shout back . pilot we be over Helsinki . yuri wake , sit upright . yawn . int . remy' lear jet - day remy 's peer out the window . see something . remy samarkand Simon , there ! two mile ahead , the russian jet roar past , head east toward St. Petersburg . remy jerk the stick , banking into a right turn behind the Russian jet . remy look at he altitude gauge . remy samarkand they be descend . remy look at templar ; templar nod back . remy push the stick ; the lear jet begin descend . int . the russian gulfstream - day jillian sit , still unconscious . or be she ? jillian ' S Pov - through slitted eye through the tiniest slit of eye , so as not to appear conscious , jillian look at yuri , then at two parachute shelve above the emergency exit . back to scene - yuri stand up and stretch . he go to the window and look out . [ wheelchair trivia : wheelchair armrest be removable , enable a patient to transfer himself from the chair to a regular chair , or car seat , etc ...] jillian' right hand ( photograph in extreme close - up under the blanket ) pull out the pin secure the armrest to the wheelchair . she lift the armrest , separate the aluminum tub , freeing she right wrist . int . remy' lear jet - day through the windshield be the russian gulf stream . remy , he headset on , turn to templar . remy the St. Petersburg tower want we to circle . templar no . follow they down . remy what do we do when we land ? templar have not figure that out yet . int . the russian gulfstream - day the aircraft be tilt forward in descent . the pilot shout back to yuri : pilot ( Russian , subtitle ) prepare for landing . the Pilot shut the cockpit door . suddenly jillian' eye be open ; she hand be free and she 's throw off the blanket and grip the wheel . she push ; the wheelchair burst forward . yuri get to he foot ; the wheelchair slam against he shin . jillian whip the detach armrest across yuri 's head . yuri fall backward , daze . jillian roll to the emergency door , one hand yanking open the door , the other grab a parachute from the shelf . wind howl through the cabin . jillian get the parachute on . her ankle be still bound to the footrest . to hell with it , she will lose the wheelchair in mid-air . she push forward as -- -- yuri lunge across the floor , grab the wheel . jillian and the chair teeter on the edge of emergency door exit , half in , half out . yuri cling to the chair wheel . his body jerk forward . he 's slide on he stomach . jillian and the chair be pull he out . terror in yuri 's eye . he grab for the door frame . his finger slip . jillian , the wheelchair , and yuri hang from the wheelchair , plunge from the aircraft . int . remy ' S lear jet - day templar 's bag he computer and home device . remy suddenly clutches he arm . remy Simon . templar look up . templar ' S / remy ' S Pov - through windshield jillian and yuri fall from the aircraft . int . the russ ian gulfstream the pilot , look down at jillian and yuri , click on he short - wave radio : pilot we have a problem . ext . skie over ST . petersburg - day jillian freefall in the wheelchair , she ankle still bound to the chair 's footrest . yuri be beneath she , clutching the wheel . he try to pull himself up . jillian yank the rip-cord ; a plume of silk spill out and jillian and the chair slingshot up , decelerate from 120 m.p.h. to 20 m.p.h. in two second . yuri can not take the " G " force ; he hand rip away from the chair . he plummet , scream , and 3000 foot later he will hit concrete in St. Petersburg . jillian pull out the footrest pin ( the footrest separate from the chair in the same manner ) , freeing she ankle . the chair release , fall away . int . remy ' S jet - continuous templar turn to the cockpit storage hatches behind he . he yank open one designate : parachute . remy samarkand do not ! two huge toucan fly out of the hatch . they flap around the cockpit . templar look askance at remy ... templar remy ... remy samarkand I get ten grand for they in Paris . maybe a Russian would pay more ? templar grab a parachute pack and race to the back of the plane . he yank OPEN the emergency exit door . cold air blast he face . templar put down in Helsinki and wait for my call ! and templar jump and -- CUT to : ext . ST . petersburg - street a autumn day in Peter the great 's city . peaceful . normal . pedestrian walk the street . [ note : St. Petersburg be call " Venice of the North " because it 's build atop marshy island connect by canal . there be over 400 bridge ; on the canal , boat traffic be often as dense as automobile traffic . ] a woman , glance up , notice something . woman ( Russian ) look . ( point skyward ) look ! other pedestrian stop . they , too , look up at -- a parachutist ( jillian of course ) descend into the heart of the city ! and down she come , landing hard in the middle of a intersection . taxis and automobile swerve aside , nearly kill she . other screech to a stop . jillian get to she foot , wild - eye and frantic , tangle in cord and parachute silk . she look around at -- crowd of pedestrian stare at she . jillian help I . I be american . Police ! a ST . petersburg police cruiser come through the intersection to a stop . a young cop , just 20 , hang up he c.b. radio and get out . he approach jillian . ext . ST . petersburg - peter and paul fortress CITY park across the neva River from jillian be a city park with a huge equestrian statue of peter the great . under the statue , two old russian geezer be play chess , smoking pipe , argue , etc . down templar come . the parachute snag on the bronze horse's head . templar dangle 15 foot off the ground . he look at the geezer directly below . hello there . templar sorry about this . he shrug off the parachute pack and fall , landing on the chess board , scuttling the piece . the geezer fall backward on they behind . templar get to he foot , gain he bearing , look for jillian . he take off run . int . police sedan , drive - continuous - day jillian sit in the back seat , catch she breath . the Young cop look at she in the rear-view mirror . jillian do you speak English ? young russian cop yes . some . jillian thank god. ( take a deep breath , compose herself ) I be a american scientist . last night , in New York , a man steal something from I , then this morning I be kidnap by my lab assistant , god this sound like a bad novel . . . . . suddenly a rock bounce off the windshield . jillian what be that ? ext . ST . petersburg street - day the police cruiser move past a throng of michael romanov supporter carry placard and banner . they begin pelting the cruiser with rock and bottle . int . police cruiser - day the cruiser clear the romanov supporter . rock and bottle smash on the back windshield . young russian cop there could be revolution maybe . City very dangerous . in the intersection ahead - two other police cruiser pull into the street , block it . the Young Russian cop brake ; the cruiser come to a stop in front of the other cruiser . a older russian cop , follow by a plainclothesman , approach the young cop 's cruiser . ext . troitsky bridge - continuous - day templar sprint across the neva River Bridge connect the Peter and Paul Park with downtown St. Petersburg . he suddenly stop short , see -- templar ' S Pov - two block away -- jillian in the cruiser , the older cop and the plainclothesman approach . ext . ST . petersburg - intersection - day the older cop lean in the window . older cop ( Russian ) be this she ? young cop ( Russian ) yes sir sergeant ravik . the plainclothesman emerge from behind the older cop . in one shocking , effortless motion , he place a silence handgun to the Young cop 's head and squeeze the trigger . blood spatter the windshield . jillian gasp in horror at the plainclothesman . it be ... ilya . the older cop open the door , shove the Young cop 's corpse to the passenger side . ilya get in back next to jillian , press the handgun into she rib . the cruiser roar off into St. Petersburg traffic . ext . at the foot of troitsky bridge - continuous templar look around . he see a motorcycle stand fill with motorcycle . run to it . choose a big , powerful , Honda street machine . he pull out he burglar 's tool ; jam one in the ignition . he have it run in second . he throw it in gear and roar off . ext . ST . petersburg street - continuous - day templar blast through traffic on the Honda . he 's on a street parallel to jillian 's . at a intersection templar look to he right , where he can see , one block over on the parallel street -- the police cruiser move through traffic . templar gun the motorcycle . the engine whine . he race ahead , accelerate through the gear . at the next intersection - templar throw the cycle into a skid , hair-raise turn . he 's go 'round the block to cut off the sedan . ext . ST . petersburg intersection - day the police cruiser move through the intersection . suddenly templar' motorcycle , templar -less , veer into the path of the cruiser . the cruiser hit it head on . the motorcycle ride up the cruiser 's hood and smashes through the front windshield . the cruiser careen out of control . it fishtail twice and crash into a streetlight pole . int . the police cruiser - day up front , the older cop be unconscious ; he 's take the full brunt of the motorcycle through the windshield . in the back , ilya be groggy , semi-conscious . jillian be reeling also ; there 's a gash on she forehead . the back passenger door jerk open . templar lunge inside . ilya raise he gun but he 's weak , disorient . templar yank it from he hand and pistol whip he . this have all happen so fast . jillian look at ilya then at templar ... jillian what ...? who ...? and templar yank jillian out . ext . ST . petersburg intersection - continuous - day the intersection be chaos : pedestrian run up , surround the police cruiser , vehicle stop , etc . templar , virtually drag jillian , plow through the crowd , pass a Russian Army corporal who 's just get out of he army supply truck . russian army corporal ( Russian ) let I help ! templar ( Russian ) ( point back at the police sedan ) help they ! the corporal run to the smashed cruiser , and -- templar and jillian run to the corporal 's supply truck . int . russian army supply truck - day the driver 's side door open . in come jillian , then templar . templar shove jillian across the front seat and get in , behind the wheel . he floor it . they accelerate into traffic . templar look at jillian . she 's tremble , stare catatonically straight ahead . jillian who be you . tell I who you be and what the hell be go on . templar I be hire to steal you research , but you know that by now . you leave the critical data off the disk . where be it ? memorize , right ? ( she do not answer ) that 's a bad cut . here . he hand she he handkerchief . she swat it away . templar look , you be in big trouble . the guy who hire I will do anything to get you research . once he have it , you be a corpse . give I the miss data and I will get you out of here . you can trust I . she stare at he in disbelief . jillian trust you ? ( chew the word ) trust you ...? she grab the door handle and yank it open . templar grab she arm , pull she back . they wrestle back and forth ... templar damn it , do not be stupid ...! she pick up the corporal' steaming cup of coffee , sit in a holder on the console between they , and throw it in templar 's face . templar arggh ! templar recoil , blind , release jillian . he jerk the steering wheel to the side and stomp on the brake . jillian lunge out before the supply truck fully stop . she hit the pavement run . she hurry off , blend into the crowded sidewalk . ext . ST . petersburg - street templar get out , cursing , wiping the hot liquid from he eye . he look around . run off in jillian 's direction , abandon the supply truck . CUT to : ext . ST . petersburg - lomonosova avenue templar , run , out of breath , round a corner onto lomonosova Avenue , in the city 's shopping district . it 's jamme with pedestrian , shopper , merchant , etc . templar move through the crowd , eye scan leave and right . there 's no sign of jillian . then he see she . just a glimpse . 50 yard ahead . move through the crowded sidewalk toward the fontanka ( the large and most beautiful of the city 's grand canal ) . ext . lomonosova avenue - fontanka canal bridge - sunset templar run over the fontanka Canal Bridge . nothing . he come back the other way . nothing . he stop in the middle of the bridge , exhaust , out of breath . below he , pass under the bridge , all type of water conveyance ( skiff , barge , dinghy , etc ) be navigate the canal . and emerge from underneath the bridge , seat in the back of a water taxi , ... be jillian . templar race off the bridge . ext . fontanka canal - embankment promenade - sunset templar sprint down the sidewalk promenade next to the canal . the water taxi be 50 yard past the bridge . jillian see he come . templar close the gap . 30 yard . 20 yard . now 10 . now he 's run alongside the taxi , stare at jillian . and she stare back at he , stony , expressionless . the canal be wider now , and the water taxi accelerate , pull away from the slower skiff . templar slow to a jog . he stop , lung heaving . the sun be set to the west . the water taxi speed off into the set sun , leave templar with this image of jillian : eye unblink , stare at he with pure , unadulterate hatred . CUT to : ext . ST . petersburg - nevsky prospect - night night be fall . down the street from tretiak 's headquarters , a federal express van roll up to a traffic light . int . federal express van - night frankie have arrive in St. Petersburg . she sit at the wheel in a Federal Express uniform . she pull out a charge of C - 4 plastique with a timer . she open the van door ; toss it into a sidewalk trash receptacle . she accelerate through the light , now green , and take a leave into tretiak ' S headquarters , parking behind a limousine which have just enter . the limousine 's door open . several dark - suite man get out . one of they be ivan gracha ( the Russian mafia figure show on the c.n.n. broadcast ) . int . tretiake office - night a map of ST . petersburg and outlying region be spread out on tretiak 's desk . tretiak , ilya , Zubov , and ten man be present . ilya there could be another solution . the woman be not - the only scientist work in this field . be she ? tretiak turn to Zubov , who nod . zubov no . there be other . tretiak get on a plane . leave tonight . the door open . Zero , the huge bodyguard , enter . zero gracha be here . tretiak go immediately to he desk , press the " record " button on a v.c.r. within . the surveillance camera in tretiak 's office begin taping the meeting . ivan gracha and six bodyguard enter . gracha this have better be important . it 's my wife 's birthday . tretiak my apology to you wife . gracha a apology from tretiak ? a historic moment . tretiak ( placate ) come now , Ivan , why must we feud . gracha we feud because we hate each other . tretiak it be true there have be harsh word between we . we be rival . but rivalry be bad for business . upon what condition would you accept a partnership ? be reasonable . gracha fifty percent of the drug trade in St. Petersburg and Moscow . a third of prostitution and gambling . tretiak agreed . ( they shake hand ) I need the man in you area , Ivan , for two day . particularly Moscow and point South . gracha why ? tretiak hand two photograph to gracha . one be of jillian , take somewhere in Westchester , wear she " atomic " jacket . the second be a interpol photo take of templar in a cafe in Amsterdam . tretiak to find this woman ... and kill this man . gracha ( smile ) this be a private matter , I take it . ( tretiak smile ) then you will have they . tretiak ilya - some wine for Ivan gracha . int . tretiak ' S headquarters - NI ght two guard man the guard station , eyeing the bank of six video monitor . frankie enter with a big delivery BOX . frankie ( Russian ) Delivery . frankie hand Guard 1 the box and hand Guard 2 a clipboard for he signature . frankie look at the surveillance monitor and raise a eyebrow . on tretiake office monitor - we see tretiak with Ivan gracha raise a toast . in the screen 's lower corner be the letter " rec . " the meeting be be tape . ext . nevsky prospect - night . the C - 4 in the trash receptacle blow . it blow up two car and a tree . a monstrously concussive explosion . int . tretiak ' S offi ce gracha drop he wine glass ; it shatter on the floor . gracha and he man unholster they weapon . tretiak 's man go for theirs . a tense stand -off . gracha what be this , tretiak ? tretiak put you gun down . tretiak go to he desk ; stab a intercom button -- int . tretiake headquarters - night the guard , save one , barge out the front door . the remain guard answer the intercom , leave frankie unattend by the surveillance monitor . her hand move to the CO - axial cable behind the video monitor , yanking it . she plug a transmittor into the monitor , then replug the co-axial cable into the transmitter . the guard turn to frankie . frankie what be that ? dissolve to : ext . ST . petersburg - STREET - night templar stand in a shop doorway . he pull out he home device . adjust the screen . insert - the homing device the computerize screen now show the ST . petersburg CITY grid . two pulse : 1 ) a fix pulse ( templar ) and 2 ) a move pulse ( jillian ) on the other side of town . templar turn he collar up ; walk off into the night . ext . ST . petersburg - street - night templar come down a street in a scummy part of town . a guy in a doorway swig a vodka bottle , look dangerously at templar . a few prostitute pass . templar pull out the home device . insert - the homing device - the moving pulse be one block from templar , emanate from inside a huge building , the nevsky rail station . back to scene - templar pocket the home device and walk across the street to the train station . int . nevsky station - MAIN concourse - night a enormous facility , 100 yard long with a vault ceiling and entrance at the north and south end . templar-enters from the north , look around . he walk quickly to the center of the station concourse . station loudspeaker ( v.o. ) next train to Moscow board on platform 8 . templar approach platform 8 . passenger be board the next train to Moscow . against the wall , a gang of ten prostitute be smoking , drink vodka , laugh . templar freeze . jillian be with the prostitute . her back 's to templar , but it 's she . same " atomic " jacket , the shoe templar give she , same height , same weight . ... templar be not the only one who 's spot she ... two men in black trenchcoat , obviously tretiak 's man , be converge upon jillian from the other direction . they have not yet see templar ... templar move off quickly , draw he gun . as tretiak 's man move in for the kill . templar fall in behind they , whipping the barrel of he gun over one , then the other . they fall , unconscious . the prostitute , alarmed , whirl around and ... ... it 's not jillian . templar , thunderstruck , look at the prostitute be foot . she 's wear jillian' shoe and jacket . on she wrist be jillian' wristwatch . templar turn . the train to moscow be pull out of the station . ... templar sprint away , back toward the station concourse . it 's all clear now ; jillian sell she clothes and watch and buy a ticket to Moscow . ext . nevsky station - night automobile be park in front of the station . templar pick a b.m.w. out come the burglar 's tool . templar 's through the door lock in two second . he get in and shove a tool in the ignition lock . CUT to : int . templar' stolen b.m.w. - night templar speed down the highway , move in and out of traffic . his cellular phone chirp . he unpocket it , click it on . frankie Simon . good news . int . ST . petersburg - HOTEL room - night in the b.g. through a window , we see tretiak 's headquarters loom down the street . frankie sit in front of six video monitor like that in tretiak 's headquarters ; they be receive the video transmission from tretiak 's surveillance camera . we see exterior , Zubov 's lab , corridor , etc . frankie be look at a monitor of tretiake office ; tretiak be pace , talk on the phone . frankie they have not find she and they do not know where she be . intercut - frankie in HOTEL / templar drive templar she 's on a train to Moscow . frankie that 's bad news . they be ' stop every train leave the city . templar call you later , frankie . templar toss the phone and jerk the wheel . the b.m.w. veer wildly across three lane of traffic , swerving off the highway down a exit ramp . CUT to : ext . road south of ST . petersburg - night the St. Petersburg city outskirt . templar 's b.m.w. round a corner onto a two-lane road run next to the Moscow line train track . int . templar be b.m.w - night templar stare ahead through the windshield . templar' Pov - the train track - a half mile ahead be a street crossing . we see the blink caboose light of the train to moscow . it 's stop at a intersection in front of two black sedan park across the track . int . train to moscow - night jillian sit alone , look around nervously , wonder why the hell the train 's stop . her hair be brush over the gash on she forehead . she wear the prostitute 's ratty jacket and shoe . int . train to moscow - front car two of tretiak 's man enter the first passenger car , head swiveling back and forth , check every passenger 's face . ext . train to moscow - rear car - night templar run up to the rear passenger car . int . train to moscow - front car - night tretiak 's man come through the third car . int . train to moscow - rear car - night templar come the other way look for jillian . through one car and into the next . he see jillian . this time it be she . int . train to moscow - front car - night on come tretiak 's man , into another car . they be one car away now ... int . train to moscow - jillian' car jillian sit up in she seat ; she look through the connect door into the next car , which tretiake men be enter . she rise to flee , run into -- -- templar . jillian 's eye bulge . she 's go to scream . templar clamp she mouth and shove she forward to the exit door which open to the parallel track . templar wrench open the door and stick he head outside , look down the track . we hear a train whistle and rumbling wheel . templar come back inside . tretiake men be half - way through the next car and approach fast . templar we be go to jump . okay ? jillian , terrify , wide - eye , nod . and they jump . ext . train to moscow - parallel track templar and jillian lunge from the train onto the parallel track . a train whistle blare . jillian look up ; she face contort with shock at -- a train bear down on they at 60 m.p.h. 100 foot . now 70 . 50 . Jesus , it 's right on top of they ... templar grab she hand and yank she across the track with 10 foot to go . the train scream past they . int . train to moscow - day tretiake men enter the car where jillian be . outside , the St. Petersburg train flash by , block any view of templar and jillian on the other side of the track . they continue down the aisle , into the next car . ext . train to moscow - parallel track the train to St. Petersburg be go . jillian stare at templar with hateful eye . he get up and yank she to she foot . pull she back toward the train to Moscow . int . train to moscow - rear car - night a german businessman be have a heat conversation on a cellular phone . outside , we see tretiake men walk toward they vehicle . templar and jillian enter the private berth across from the businessman . it have recline chair and a curtain for privacy . the train begins moving again . templar and jillian sit , regard each other . templar you can not get rid of I . jillian like a bad flu . templar pretty smart , sell the clothes and watch . you be go for the U.S. embassy , be not you ? jillian present tense please '' I be go . before we discuss the present , let 's discuss the past . she stare hard , malevolently at he . jillian who the hell be you . I want full name , address , profession , and do not - do not - say Michael quinn of 112 mason Street , shoemaker . templar my name be Simon templar . I do not have a address because I live in hotel . I be a professional thief . jillian good . we be get somewhere . I would like to respond to that . the german businessman be look at they . jillian pull the curtain shut . then she slap templar , hard , across the face . jillian you wick man . ( slap he again . you liar . ( slap he again ) thief . she draw back to slap he again . he catch she arm . they freeze this way , face inch apart . she 's tremble , she face a mask of hatred . jillian I hope you rot in hell . he let go of she . she stand up . templar where be you go ? jillian as far away from you as I can . templar pull out he 9 mm pistol . templar sit down . jillian stare at the gun . jillian you be joke . templar Michael quinn joke . I do not . she glare at he . slowly sit . templar pull out he cellular phone . punch number . templar remy . be at Moscow Airport at eight a.m. , fuel and ready to go . templar click off the phone and pocket it . then he pocket the gun , its barrel point at jillian through he jacket . with he free hand he grab she arm and put it under he arm , clamping it to he body . templar we be go to sit here and not make a scene . I would get some rest . templar lean back , shutting he eye . templar I sleep light . jillian , out of the corner of she eye , notice something through the curtain ... across the aisle - the german businessman be fold up he cellular phone and stuff it in he satchel briefcase on the floor . he lean back and close he eye . the satchel briefcase stick into the aisle . Close enough for jillian to touch ... dissolve to : ext . benare , india - establishing - morning the exquisite , astonish city on the gange River . ext . benare - university of benare a courtyard in the traditional indian style . Zubov and two of tretiak 's man approach a building . Zubov ring the doorbell . second pass . the door open . a indian gentleman peer out . he 's about 50 , in a madra shirt and nehru jacket . this be dr . vijay singh , whose tape lecture we hear in jillian 's station wagon . zubov Dr. Singh ? Dr. vijay Singh ? vijay singh who be you and what do you want ? zubov my name be vapin Zubov . I would like to discuss something with ... vijay singh ( scowl ) come back at a decent hour ... Dr. Singh begin to shut the door . Zubov put he hand in the door , jam it . zubov I would like to discuss cold fusion , Doctor . Dr. Singh 's demeanor change . pushes open the door . vijay singh come in . CUT to : int . the train to moscow - morning passengers be yawn , pull up they window blind . sunlight stream in . a porter pass by . . porter thirty minute to Moscow , thirty minute ... the porter move past the german businessman ; he 's asleep and snore . across the aisle -- jillian' eye be darting from the german businessman , to templar , who 's look out the window . jillian I need to use the lady ' room . I think you can trust I to ... templar I do not trust anybody . jillian give templar a disgust look . she rise and move into the aisle . ternplar follow . jillian tell I something . how much be you pay ? templar it 's not you business . move . jillian I think it be . c'mon . tell I . templar Fifteen million dollar , but it do not work out . do it . they pass a porter serve snack ( fruit and cheese ) from a cart . jillian look ' at the cart . jillian do it bother you ? what you do ? templar no . jillian you have no conscience ? no sense of morality ? templar define morality . jillian it 's a commonly use and generally understand word . templar not by I . . they have arrive outside the lady room . jillian open the door , begin to enter . templar wait . jillian you be not go in there with I . templar brushes past she , leave the door open . he step up on the toilet , examine the window above . jillian okay , how about : do unto other as they would do unto you . templar how about : do unto other before they do unto you . templar pull up the window . it open only five inch ; it 's prevent from rise further by two safety screws drill through the frame . jillian how about : love thy neighbor . templar the man who say that be crucify by he . satisfied , templar step down and walk back to jillian . she shake she head , laugh mirthlessly . jillian be you raise by wolf ? who be you parent , lucretia borgia and the Marquis de sader templar the two people in question be not as nice as that . I would not know . I never meet they . be you through ? it 's all yours . she give he a look and shove past he into -- the lady room jillian enter , close the door and lock it . she stand on the toilet and examine the window . see the safety screw . she step down . she turn on the sink , then kneel and pull up she pantleg , revealing the german businessman' cellular phone stuff in she sock . she pull it out . she turn the sink on full blast , create as much noise as she can , and punch number . jillian International operator please . ( pause ) the american embassy in Moscow , please . jillian wait for the call to connect and CUT to : int . train to moscow - front car - aisle jillian exit the lady ' room . jillian you really will rot in hell , know that ? templar good , all my friend will be wait for I . they move down the aisle , pass the serving porter , jillian 's hand dangle over the fruit and cheese cart . she pluck up a serving knife with two finger and slide it up she sleeve . jillian Friends ? I think you trust no one . templar I do not . give it to I . jillian ( innocently ) what . templar the knife you just take . jillian sigh . pull the serve knife out of she sleeve and hand it over . when she turn back toward she berth , she do not like what she see -- the german businessman have wake up . he 's yawn , open up a stack of business correspondence sit on the armrest of he chair with a letter opener . jillian continue down the aisle , sweat it out . if the guy discover that he phone be miss ... each step be a mile . finally jillian and templar come to they berth . the german businessman be read a letter . the letter opener be sit on the stack of unopen letter . jillian " accidentally " knock the stack of letter and letter opener off the armrest . they fall to the floor next to the german businessman 's satchel briefcase . jillian quickly drop to a kneel position and begin gather up all the letter . jillian I be so sorry ! as jillian rise and hand the german businessman he letter , we see that '' the cellular phone be back in the german businessman 's satchel briefcase . templar and jillian sit down . CUT to : ext . moscow - gorky station , train platform - morning the train pull into the station . int . train to moscow - morning the porter come down the aisle , call out : porter Moscow Station , Moscow Station ! templar and jillian move with the other passenger toward the exit . as they pass the lady ' room : jillian give I a second , will you ? I do not feel well . templar make it quick . jillian go in the bathroom . int . train to moscow - lady ' room jillian enter and stand on the toilet . out come the german businessman 's letter opener . she center the opener in one of the screw head , lean into it , and twist . she begin unscrew it . int . train to moscow - aisle outside lady ' room templar be impatiently look at the lady ' room door . the passenger be filing past he . he knock on the door . int . train to moscow - lady ' room jillian 's get one screw out . the other be come . templar knock again . jillian just a second . int . train to moscow - aisle outside lady ' room templar knock again , louder . no response inside . the german businessman pass by he ... german businessman porter , I seem to have lose my letter opener ... templar stare at the guy . int . train to moscow - lady room the door smashes open , splintering the lock . templar burst in . something instantly get he attention . the fully open window . and no jillian ... templar bolt out . CUT to : int . moscow - gorky station , MAIN concourse - morning jillian hurry up the escalator to the main concourse . a stupendous , vault interior . as impressive as Grand Central in New York or Victoria in London . she move through the crowd . eye scan everything and nothing . she bump into a commuter , who scowl . jillian take cover by one of the immense marble pillar . she pull she collar up . wait it out . across the concourse - a man study she . he 's tall , blonde , look like he play linebacker for Ohio State . he approach . she eye he . everyone be a potential enemy . but this guy be obviously american . blonde man Ms. St. Thomas ? jillian ? jillian yes . the blonde man open he wallet , flipping out he embassy badge and c. i. A. credentials . whitehead John whitehead , special agent , Central Intelligence Agency . be you trip all right ? jillian yes it be fine , oh who care , I be finally safe ... ( squeeze he hand ) do you have a car ? whitehead yes , outside . first I would like to ask you some question . that be a interesting story you tell the embassy . jillian interesting ? it 's true . whitehead please understand : the United States embassy receive fifty call a day . my husband 's be murder , my daughter 's be sell into white slavery , you get the idea . so before we waste a lot of people 's time , Ms. St. Thomas , you say you have p.h.d.s in chemistry and nuclear physics . what 's the atomic symbol for , say . ..gold ? pause . jillian stare at whitehead . jillian you have gotta be kid I ... CUT to : int . moscow - gorky station - train platform - morning templar dash across the platform , look everywhere . jillian have vanish . suddenly he cellular phone chirp . he unpocket it and click it on . templar talk to I , frankie . int . ST . petersburg - frankie' HOTEL room - morning frankie , red-ey and drink coffee , be stare at the video transmission from tretiak 's office . tretiak and ilya be talk . . intercut between the two ( as deem necessary ) frankie she call the U.S. embassy a half hour ago . templar what ? ( consider this ) do tretiak know ? frankie Simon , the U.S. embassy have more leak than a Polish submarine . who do you think intercept the call ? as frankie say that , she doubletake at the monitor show tretiak 's office . frankie 's eye widen . on the video monitor - a third man have enter the room . it be the crusade reformer , michael romanov . frankie stab a button on a tape recorder next to she monitor . it begin taping the transmission from tretiak 's office . templar thanks , frankie . frankie Simon , wait . . . . click . frankie turn some dial , bring into zoom focus tretiak and romanov . she up the volume . we hear this : tretiak hail Michael romanov , czar of the fatherland . how will that sound to the average Russian ? frankie ( a whisper ) I do not believe it ... CUT to : int . moscow - gorky station - escalator - day templar run up the escalator , plow through the disembark passenger , take two stair at a time . int . moscow - gorky station , MAIN concourse - morning templar come off the escalator . the place be pack with commuter . he move off , eye darting in all direction for jillian , while meanwhile '' across the concourse , by the pillar - continuous jillian . .. cd , that 's big " C " little " d , " cadmium 's valence be 2 , its atomic number be 48 and its atomic weight be 112.411 or would you like that carry out five more decimal place ? good enough ? whitehead ( smile ) good enough . come this way , Ms. St. Thomas . he usher she off . as they move from behind the pillar , 50 yard away -- across the concourse - templar see jillian and whitehead . he look around , think . he sprint for the side exit . ext . moscow - gorky station - MAIN entrance / exit - day the circular drive where traveler be pick up and deposit by taxi , bus , automobile . jillian and whitehead exit the station . ahead - two mercede sedan be wait . several darksuite men stand next to a open back door . jillian ( shake she head ) what a nightmare .. to think my work could just be take from I ... whitehead you be safe now , Doctor St. Thomas . we will have you back in New York in no time . they continue toward the park mercede . suddenly jillian blink . she see something . it 's templar , drive a Russian sedan . he roll to a stop across the circular drive , stare a hole right through jillian , grimly shaking he head at she , try to warn she ... jillian agent whitehead ... whitehead look at jillian . pause . jillian eye templar across the drive . agent whitehead yes ? jillian look at the man wait by the mercede . she look at two Moscow police officer stand to the side . something 's wrong . something do not feel right . agent whitehead Ms. St. Thomas ? you have a question ? they be draw closer to the wait mercede ... jillian nothing , I be just think that when my research be steal I feel like the buffalo bill after they lose four World Series . whitehead hah hah , I bet you do . I be a baseball fan too hah hah ... jillian look at he differently . the buffalo bill lose four Super bowl , whitehead . they continue toward the wait sedan . jillian' eye dart around . her forehead be sweaty . and she bolt from he , take whitehead by surprise . jillian sprint across the circular drive for templar 's car , whitehead after she . the man by the wait mercede converge on jillian from the side . templar throw open the passenger side door for jillian . the man come from the mercede open fire on templar , blow in the sedan 's side window . templar duck . jillian be almost there ... she reach the open sedan and dive inside . she try to shut the door ; whitehead get hold of it . jillian scream at templar . jillian go ! templar floor it . the car squeal away from the curb . whitehead run alongside , try to get the door open . the car accelerate . whitehead sprint but can not keep up . his foot leave the ground ; he cling to the doorframe through the blow - out window . whitehead pull he gun from he shoulder holster and aim across jillian 's body at templar . his finger squeeze the trigger as jillian shove he hand up . bullet blow hole in the roof of the car . jillian hit whitehead , hard , in the head . whitehead 's head snap back . she hit he again . whitehead fall away from the car . he roll twenty foot and stop , daze but alive . int . templar ' S stolen sedan - day templar gun the sedan through a red light . Cars to the leave and right screech to a stop . the sedan fly on ... jillian take I to the embassy . templar we be go to the airport . templar gun the accelerator . ext . moscow - gorky station - circular drive - day the two mercede pull up to whitehead , who stagger to he foot . he get in the lead mercede ; the two car race off after templar and jillian . int . templar' stolen sedan - day templar floor it through another intersection . he look in he rear view mirror . there 's no sign of the two mercede . they have escape . templar good . jillian be it ? who 's worse '' they or you ? templar look down and register shock -- - - in the intersection ahead , a blind man with a walk stick be tap tapping across the intersection . jillian cringe , expect the worst . templar throw the steering wheel and -- ext . moscow - intersection - day -- the sedan swerve , clear the blind man by two inch , skid wildly through the intersection . int . templar' stolen sedan - day templar fight the wheel but he 's lose ... the skid can not be correct . jillian scream . ext . moscow - intersection - day the sedan slide sideways , hit the curb and flip over , spin like a top across the sidewalk . CUT to : int . whitehead's mercede - day the mercede move through traffic . whitehead and the other man look around . the mercede round a corner . across the intersection be the overturned sedan on the sidewalk , surround by gawk pedestrian . ext . moscow - intersection the mercede pull up . whitehead and he man get out . they warily approach the sedan , draw gun . the pedestrian back off , get the hell out of the way . whitehead and he man surround the car . they kneel , gun train inside ... templar and jillian be go . whitehead bark at he man . whitehead Fifteen block radius . go house to house . whitehead look around at the surround building . we focus on one of they , a russian orthodox church several block away , under scaffold and mesh wire , in the process of renovation . camera push in on the church 's huge onion shape turret . . . . . int . moscow - russian orthodox church and we be in the turret 's interior : round , with stain glass window , a desk and chair . a trap door lead to the vestibule below bang OPEN . jillian come up , follow by templar , he gun in hand . they be cut and bruise , exhaust . jillian slump against the wall , shiver . templar put he equipment on the desk and go to each of the window . from this elevation he can see the entire city . templar' first Pov - red square , a mile across town , where a thousand muscovite be listen to a pro Michael romanov speech . shift from Red Square to the city outskirt , we see moscow INTERNATIONAL airport , where remy wait . templar' second Pov - the UNITED states embassy be just a few block away - we see the american flag fly from the roof stanchion . in the intersection around the embassy , tretiak 's man stand by they vehicle , watch . every point of access to the embassy be seal . we see whitehead . a mercede pull up to he . ilya get out . templar the embassy 's surround . back to scene - jillian be stare at templar 's computer . the modem be engage . jillian sit up , stare at the screen . jillian read a electronic message which appear : bear contacting lion . give her to me. in return , 20 million and safe passage . if you refuse you will die . jillian 's eye grow wide with terror . templar look out a third window . templar' third Pov - tretiak 's man be go building to building in a fifteen block radius sweep , close in on the church . templar the airport 's out . they be draw a noose around we . we do not have much time . templar turn away from the window . he see jillian look at he computer . he walk over to it and read the message . jillian get slowly to she foot , watch templar . jillian 's mouth quiver as templar type : lion considering offer . templar look at jillian . she stare back . a long moment . neither move . jillian what be you go to do ? tell I . I deserve at least that . ( desperate now ) I will die . if you take they offer , they will kill I . templar and if I do not , they will kill I . interesting situation I would say . jillian sink to the chair , she voice shaking . jillian oh god . it 's over , it 's all over ... you be not human . you be a animal . templar I be a businessman . I perform service for profit . and spare I the lecture . you do not spend ten year in that mildew basement for the good of humanity , you do it to get rich . richer than anyone on earth . richer than God . ( beat ) I will make you a offer - pay I my fifteen million out of you royalty - should come to about one month 's . . . pause . she slowly look up at he . jillian I do not hold the patent rights to cold fusion . templar what ? jillian you fool . do not you understand ? ( she voice crack ; she begin to softly cry ) it be not about money , it be not about become rich ... templar if you do not own the patent rights , who do ? jillian a foundation in my name . the royalty be go to go to scientific research , curing cancer , .. . christ how can you understand this ... she lower she head , weep openly . camera push in on templar , stare at she . even the darkest of man have a seed of goodness . here , for the first time , do it flower in Simon templar . but we do not know this . templar betray nothing . he pick up he home device and click it on . he type in this command : moscow . the device beep ; the moscow STREET grid appear . he type a new command : subterranean data . Moscow 's subterranean grid appear superimpose over the street grid ; we see the gut of the city ; the Moscow subway , water and gas main , etc . in a corner of the screen be a table of schedule . templar analyze the information on the screen . he quickly rise ; go to jillian , pull off he belt . he pull she up . she stand limply , still weep , no longer resisting . he 's bigger and stronger , there 's no use . templar gather jillian 's wrist together and tie they with the belt . he pull she to the trapdoor and CUT to : ext . moscow - sidewalk several pedestrian walk by . templar walk jillian quickly to a manhole cover . he kneel and hoist the cover off . he point into the hole . jillian , she wrist bound , step down uneasily , she foot find the top rung of a steel ladder . she descend into the manhole . templar follow . int . moscow - subterranean sewer system - day jillian and templar come down the ladder , drop to the steel - gridd walkway over the Moscow sewer . templar pull jillian twenty foot down the walkway . at this point in the wall there be a hatch with a compression hatchwheel , the turn of which open the hatch , like on a submarine . within the hatch we hear rushing water . templar that 's a municipal water main . in one hour you be go in there . templar pull out a switchblade . click it on . jillian , shiver with terror , stare at the blade ... templar listen . they shut it down twice a day for five minute to clean the filter . once at noon , once at midnight . noon be in one hour . jillian how do you know all this ? templar part of my job . now ask the logical question ... jillian .. . where do it go ? templar very good . under the United States embassy . there 's a exit hatch into the embassy courtyard . that 's where we be go . jillian we ...? templar lower he gun . he lower the blade to she wrist and cut the belt . templar you hear I . a long pause . they stare at each other . jillian then what happen ? templar let 's get to the embassy , then we will talk about it . jillian templar - about that night at my house templar do not talk about it , okay ? he turn away from she . she watch he . jillian okay . CUT to : ext . moscow - red square - continuous - day the Michael romanov supporter be march past the kremlin with placard bear romanov's face , chant : karpov must go ! ahead , await they , be -- two unit of moscow police in riot gear . a police sergeant click on a megaphone . moscow police sergeant disperse . disperse ! on come the romanov supporter . rock start fly . the romanov supporter push into the line of police . the police push back with shield and truncheon . a melee break out . the romanov supporter surge past the police . it be a wild , uncontrolled , chaotic scene . ext . moscow - the UNITED states embassy - day romanov supporter flood past the embassy gate , chase by Moscow policeman . fights rage allover the street . a full - fledge riot be break out . overturned car be burn . looters run through the street with steal goods . we hear the sporadic crackle of small arm fire . in the U. S. embassy courtyard a U. S. marine and army GREEN beret detachment , grimface and heavily armed , stand silent vigil inside the embassy 's wrought- iron gate . colonel william crosby , embassy c.o. , exit the embassy and approach the front gate . a full Beer bottle smashes at he foot , shower he . colonel crosby Jesus H. Christ . across the STREET from the U. S. embassy ilya and he man stand next to they vehicle , silently watch the embassy . CUT to : int . moscow sewer system - day the whooshing water in the municipal water main begin to subside . templar look at this watch . insert - templar' wristwatch - it be exactly 12 noon . templar right on time . the water subside to a trickle . templar grip the hatchwheel and turn it . open the hatch . residual water spill out onto the walkway . templar pull himself into the water main . he extend he hand to jillian . jillian look uncertainly inside . templar four block . right under tretiak 's man and up into the embassy compound . you can do this . she grab templar 's hand . he pull she up and inside -- int . moscow - municipal water MAIN - day -- a four foot diamater pipe . templar pull out a penlight , switch it on and stick it between he tooth . on hand and kneess templar and jillian move off through the water main . int . municipal water MAIN - exit hatch under STREET templar and jillian crawl up . templar shine he penlight at the ceiling ; a exit hatch with hatchwheel be above they . jillian it do not seem like we have go far enough . templar we have not , up there 's the street in front of the embassy . ( look at he wristwatch ) come on . we have get two minute . they crawl off through the water main . int . municipal water MAIN under embassy templar and jillian crawl toward a second exit hatch . templar there it be . they reach the exit hatch . they look at it . jillian tremble . jillian oh my god ... the exit hatch have no hatchwheel . it 's seal . jillian , panicked , look down the water main . jillian we. ... we have get to go back . templar ( check he watch ) not enough time . ( think ) the hatch under the street . jillian what about tretiak 's man templar better than drown . they scramble off . we hear whooshing water come down the pipe . jillian the water 's back on ! back they go , crawl as fast as they can . int . municipal water MAIN - exit hatch under STREET templar and jillian reach the exit hatch under the street . templar grip the hatchwheel as -- the water roar through the pipe , hit jillian flush , blow she backward ; she desperately cling to templar 's shoulder as he spin the hatchwheel . the water rise mercilessly . there 's a foot of air , then six inch , then just three , then none at all , and they be under water ... templar desperately turn the hatchwheel , spin it one last time and whooosh , the hatch door blow open '' int . moscow - manhole below the STREET - - and smashes against a one foot diameter pipe run along the wall of the service manhole , cracking a fissure in it . pressurized gas blow out of the pipe . templar pull himself up . he reach down and pull jillian up . templar kick the exit hatchdoor close and spin the hatchwheel shut . jillian look at the gas spew from the crack pipe . she sniff the air . templar look at the pipe . a warning be print in five language : gas - dangerous . templar City gas line . jillian we can not stay here , we will asphyxiate . templar and jillian clamber up the steel runged ladder to the manhole cover . templar push up the manhole cover , pop he head out , look around . he eye widen with alarm --- a police van be roll straight for he head . he duck and close the manhole cover as the van rumble over it . templar listen . above , the van have stop . templar push up the manhole cover . the van have stop directly over the manhole . ext . moscow - STREET in front of the U. S. embassy templar slither out . pull up jillian . they be under the van now . the van 's rear door open ; ten men jump down to the pavement . we see they black boot ; they be moscow police , arrive to arrest the looter . templar and jillian crawl toward the van 's rear . templar look toward the U.S. embassy . it 's 100 yard away , but look like 100 mile . templar both of we will never make it . but one of we can . ( draw he gun ) give I ten second , then break for the embassy and do not stop run until you be at the gate . it 's a hundred yard , so move it . jillian what be you go to ... templar that 's my business . jillian wait ... ( he stop ) .. . Simon . do not do this . they will kill you . a long , tense pause . templar the world can do without Simon templar . it can not do without you . ( smile grimly ) see you around sometime . he take a deep breath and logroll out . above the van - templar get to he foot in the street , gun draw . he race from the van , head in a direction away from the embassy . across the STREET - ilya double take , see templar sprinting from the van . ilya kill he ! ilya , whitehead and tretiak 's man sprint down the street after templar , fire as they run , leave -- jillian under the van with a clear path to the embassy . she count it off : three . . . . four. . . . five . . . . . templar dive behind a overturned car and come up fire on tretiak 's man . in the U. S. embassy's front courtyard Colonel crosby watch the situation unfold . colonel crosby what the hell be go on . in the STREET - ilya , whitehead and the other man close in on templar , lay down a wither fusillade of fire . templar return fire from behind the car . under the van - jillian jillian . . . nine . . . . ten . . . . jillian logroll out from under the van . she sprint for the embassy gate . behind the overturned car - templar see jillian run for the embassy . as he return fire , he exhort she under he breath . templar go. faster .. . . ilya , fire on templar , see jillian . he spin , run in a new direction . he 's go to get jillian before she can reach the embassy . jillian , sprinting , scream to the embassy marine . jillian open the gate ! in the embassy courtyard - colonel crosby turn to he second in command , a Lieutenant jone . colonel crosby do it . Lieutenant Jones and a marine private push open the embassy gate . colonel crosby watch jillian helplessly . there 's nothing he can do . not until she reach the embassy . on jillian come , leg pump , foot pound the pavement . ilya be right behind she . she can feel he breath he 's so close . twenty yard . Fifteen yard . ten ... behind the overturned car - templar dodge bullet , corn thick and heavy now , and watch in terror as --- ilya , with a desperate reach , collar jillian . she shrug off she jacket , leave ilya with the jacket but no jillian . jillian lunge through the embassy gate ... ... and be instantly surround by U.S. Marines . jillian look up at Colonel crosby , panting . jillian I be a american citizen . colonel crosby you have we full protection mar 'am . ( look at ilya ) back away from the gate . ilya 's black eye stare at Colonel crosby . he back away from the gate . he turn and see '' at the overturned car - templar , out of bullet with he hand raise , surround by tretiak 's man behind the overturn automobile . ilya , fume , walk across the street to templar . at the overturned car - ilya walk up to templar . with the calm efficiency of a hangman , ilya put he hand on templar 's shoulder and force he down , down to he knee . he stick he gun to templar 's head . he 's go to execute templar right there , behind the overturn car in the street . in the embassy courtyard - jillian , watch , frantically turn to Colonel crosby . jillian do something ! colonel crosby that 's Russian soil out there , mar 'am . jillian turn away , horrify , shield she eye . by the overturned car - templar and ilya templar ( Russian ) wait . a cigarette . it 's customary . ilya look at templar . look at he man . and ilya laugh . chuckle at first , then open-mouthed . all of tretiake men laugh in templar 's face . ilya take out a cigarette . hand it to templar . light it for he . templar ( Russian ) thank-you . and ilya and tretiak 's man continue to laugh . they will not be for long ... because templar be look at a grate above the municipal line below . and tretiake men be sniff the air , wonder why it smell like rotten egg ... templar flick the cigarette into the grate and dive away as -- the entire STREET in front of the U. S. embassy blow sky high as the gas MAIN ignites . ilya , whitehead , and the other man be blow off they foot . some be kill . asphalt and dirt rain down , follow by -- water , as the municipal water main go up . ilya and whitehead get to they foot , look around , water fall like a monsoon . templar be go . and the police van be speed away . int . police van - day templar gun the van through Moscow street . he pull out he cellular phone . punch number . ext . moscow INTERNATIONAL airport - day remy stand by he jet , smoking a cigar , look impatiently at he watch . his cellular phone beep . remy Simon , where the hell be you ... you want I to do what ? remy click off the phone and scramble up into the cockpit of the lear . int . police van - day templar gun the van straight for -- a group of tretiake men conduct the building - to building search . they pull two sedan into the intersection , block it . int . moscow intersection - day templar do not slow - he accelerate , and hit the two car where they bumper meet , blasting through they -- -- and race on past the intersection . int . remy ' S lear jet - day remy 's lear jet skirt Moscow rooftop , just 200 foot off the ground . as the jet clear the kremlin roof , we see majestic Red Square spread before we ... ext . red square - day templar' police van roar into Red Square as -- on the other side of the square - remy' lear jet touch down . in Red Square . it taxi to a stop next to lenin 's tomb . the police van screech up next to the lear . templar race from the van to the jet , dodging bullet fire from -- tretiake men , fire from sedan enter the square . the lear jet accelerate straight for the oncoming sedan , lift off , almost scraping the landing gear against they windshield . it wing into the air , clear the top of the Ivan Memorial by a foot . and head west . to freedom . dissolve to : ext . ST . petersburg - night - reestablishing a shot of the city as we super : St. Petersburg - two day later ext . ST . petersburg - tretiake headquarters - night the gate open . a black sedan pull into the drive and stop . Zubov get out , then Dr. Singh , dress in a conservative indian suit , carry a briefcase . tretiak emerge from the mansion , greeting Doctor Singh . int . tretiake headquarters - zubov be lab - night Dr. Singh enter behind tretiak and Zubov . they move to Zubov 's lab table . Dr. Singh don read glass . Zubov place jillian 's research before he . Singh flip a page , then another . he be awed . it 's like salieri look at mozart 's sheet music . he 's searched all he life for something and ... another person have find it . dr . singh yes . ( beat ) yes . ( beat ) yes , yes . . . . . ( look up ) I will give you a list of the thing I will need . I request solitude . remove that man . ( turn back to jillian 's document ) leave I now . please . tretiak and Zubov exchange a look . they exit . Dr. Singh rub he brow , bear down on the material , flipping through the page which dissolve into : page be flip , but this contain photograph ... jillian no . ( beat ) no . ( beat ) no . widen to -- int . f. B. I . - manhattan bureau - day jillian sit with f.b.i. agent rabineau and lonner . agent rabineau one more . rabineau flip the page . simon templar' photo stare at jillian . she study it a moment . shake she head . agent lonner be certain , Ms. St. Thomas . look again . she look again . Studies templar 's photograph . jillian I be certain . it 's not he . Agents rabineau and lonner exchange a look . ext . manhattan - central park - day jillian walk down the tree-line mall . templar be stand there . she walk up to he . a moment . jillian they show I photograph of criminal . ( beat ) and a photograph of you . templar and ...? jillian I say that the man in the photograph do not have the eye of a criminal . ( pause ; they stare at each other ) the Washington symposium be tomorrow afternoon . I be go . I be present my research to the scientific community . templar what about you data ... jillian it 's in my head . I will wing it . templar ( draw closer to she ) you need to conduct further research anyway . I will help you . jillian what be we research . ..? jillian draw closer . they lip be almost touch ... templar the benefit of warm fusion . templar pull she lip to he and CUT to ... int . jillian' bedroom - night there follow a love scene . afterward , in each other 's arm : jillian it be in the eye . you be not bad . templar be bad be the only thing I have ever be good at . jillian you can be good at be good . ( she stroke he hair ) if you be afraid of the dark , remember the night rainbow . if tomorrow morning the sky fall , have cloud for breakfast . if the bird forget they song , listen to the wind . and if between right and wrong , do what be right . templar who say that ? jillian ( smile privately ) my grandmother . templar gently take she face in he hand . whisper to she . templar how do I meet you . this saint . ( smile ) Saint Thomas . they kiss . dissolve to : int . tretiake headquarters - zubov be lab - night late at night . Dr. Singh be work feverishly . the desk be stack with papers and book . he be surround by three chalk board with chemical isotope diagram . he be add chemical to a bath of hydrogen in a compression chamber . dr . singh Zinc oxide . iridium mercurate . sodium bicarbon nitrate . a cobalt magnesium isotope . liquify the cobalt at 665 degree fahrenheit , add the magnesium . ... the chemical begin to mix . he pick up a electrode needle attach to a lightbulb . Dr. Singh take a deep breath . he introduce the electrode needle into the compression chamber through a rubber valve . and like a miracle , the lightbulb illuminate . Dr. Singh look up as if he 's just see shiva . dr . singh my god . it actually work . dissolve to : ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - establishing shot - day the Capital on a cold , drizzly autumn day . a row of flashbulb explode pop pop pop ... ext . capital mall - the smithsonian institute - day photographer be take jillian 's picture as she move through a crowd outside the smithsonian . she be formally dress . two f.b.i. agent walk with she . it be raining . the place be a sea of umbrella . several reporter trail after she . reporter 1 Doctor St. Thomas ! Ben rothstein , omni Magazine . be it true ? have you do it ? jillian that question will be answer in ten minute , Mr. rothstein . reporter 2 Marilyn Jones , Doctor St. Thomas . Dr. vijay Singh have say that you theory be insupportable ... jillian ( smile ) sorry , but I be not interested in Doctor Singh 's opinion on this or anything else . jillian move up the step , radiant and beautiful ; it be the pinnacle of she life . she look across the mall . templar stand there . alone , smile at she . jillian wink at he , mouth the word : " open it . " templar understand . he pull a giftwrapped BOX from he pocket and open it . Inside be a tie - pin ; a stick figure man with a halo over he head . templar stick it through he tie . pick up the accompany card . insert - the card read : anyone can be a saint , Simon templar . templar look back at jillian . he see something . behind jillian , move toward she through the crowd , be a blonde man under a umbrella . it look like ... ilya . templar squint for clearer vision . he begin walk toward the smithsonian . he quicken to a jog , now he 's run ... on the smithsonian step - the reporter crush into jillian . reporter Ms. St. Thomas , Ms. St. Thomas ... jillian please , no more question . ... across the sea of people , templar reach the blonde man . templar grab he arm ; whip he around . blonde reporter hey ! what 's the idea ? it 's not ilya , just a reporter with blonde hair . meanwhile jillian , back up the stair from the reporter , draw closer to - - a dark - haire man , see from behind , who lower a umbrella , push a button on the handle , revealing a glistening needle point . camera move over he shoulder , revealing ... ilya . with dyed black hair . jillian keep back up the stair ... ... behind she , ilya 's needle umbrella strike she . jillian feel something . like a bee sting . her hand move to she hip ... .. .as ilya move off through the crowd ... ... templar come through the crowd to jillian . the f.b.i. agent grab he . jillian stop it ! I know he ! the Agents release templar . jillian look at he . templar 's panting , out of breath . jillian Simon ? what be it ? templar be you all right ? jillian yes . ( smile ) go get a seat . jillian move up the stair into the smithsonian . across the mall .. . ilya be go , melting into the sea of umbrella . int . smithsonian institute - MAIN hall - day the room be pack with scientist and reporter . jillian mount a podium in front of the room . jillian good afternoon . in 1989 , two physicist claim to have perfect ... ( she eyelid flutter ) .. . cold nuclear fusion . they result could not be duplicate . ... jillian be perspire . she have cotton mouth . she pick up she ice water . her hand shake . templar , seat in the back , watch she . jillian it be my pleasure to announce that I . . . . ( she eye roll back ) ...have ... she open she eye . they be glassy . and the world be swirl ... jillian fall , she ice water smashing on the floor . templar run to she , shove people aside . templar jillian !! ! ( kneel to she ) no. no. no ... ambulance , get a ambulance ! one of the f.b.i. agent race off . jillian Simon ... ( she 's fade fast ) I love you ... ( gasp for breath ) my Saint . . . . . templar no . . . no. . . God please no ... but God will not help you , Simon templar ... ... God will take she anyway . fade to black . fade in : the next image collide and merge upon one another : a reporter reporter nuclear physicist jillian St. Thomas suffer a cerebral aneurism ... a coroner coroner death occur at two - fifty one p.m. the inquest judge judge it be the ruling of this court that death be due to natural ... a reporter reporter .. .. and foul play be rule out . in international news , the situation in St. Petersburg worsen ... CUT to : ext . ST . petersburg - dvortsovaya ploshchad - day the square be fill with thousand of michael romanov supporter . they be campe out now . a c.n.n. news team transmit from the square . wolf blitzer the scene be reminiscent of the tiananman Square crisis , Bernard . the death toll stand at forty - eight civilian and at least twenty - one armed force personnel . rumor escalate today that ... ext . ST . petersburg - admiralty - establishing a limousine pull through a ' crowd of romanov supporter outside the heavily guard gate of the admiralty , Russia 's Naval headquarters , akin to annapolis . wolf blitzer .. . General nicolai radischev ... ( we see a photo of radischev ) ...has promise Michael romanov he support , pend the outcome of today 's meeting between romanov and President karpov . romanov , in the back of the limousine , wave to he supporter . they go wild , clap and cheer . the limo continue into the admiralty compound . ext . admiralty - day the limousine roll through a guard checkpoint , stop before -- the admiralty' nuclear situation facility : in a more dangerous time , this be the place from which Russian military leader would conduct nuclear war . it 's a acre-size field of concrete , recess 30 foot into the earth . it look like a very large , very deep swim pool emptied of water . in the middle be a concave - shape entrance hatch ( visualize a enormous bowl turn upside down ) . the two halve of the concave hatch open down the middle , each side retract into the facility . on the concrete floor next to the hatch be a SMALL detection unit . we will find about the unit shortly ... romanov and four bodyguard exit the limousine . two russian secret servicemen escort romanov to the entrance hatch . they descend down stair to -- int . admiralty - nuclear operation - day - - a large room dominate by a electronic map of the world . row of computer station run the length of the room . it look like a n.a.s.a. control room . the secret serviceman lead romanov across the room to -- int . admiralty - nuclear operation office - day a office , relatively comfortable , with a computer , a television and v.c.r. , and a small satellite link . victor karpov , the popularly elect President of Russia , rise . karpov be 55 , intelligent , with a calm , professional demeanor . romanov a nuclear bunker , Mr. President ? you must worry for you safety . karpov I have reason to . romanov yes . you do . they glare at each other . karpov you understand my policy on taping meeting . romanov consent with a wave of he hand . karpov motion to he attache , who flip the switch on a video camera mount in the wall . karpov I will get to the point . you remark be irresponsible ; they have cause civil unrest . unless you appeal to you supporter to stop rioting , I will institute martial law . ( beat ) tell I what you want . romanov a public debate , then new election . we will let the people decide . karpov ( consider this ) agreed . they shake hand . romanov rise and exit . CUT to : a hand reach for a shotglass . the hand shake so badly .. . it have to set the glass down . widen to -- int . manhattan - lower east side bar - day -- templar , drunk at noon in a wretch little dive on Avenue a . his face be draw and pale . haunted . have not sleep or shave for day . his fingernails be dirty . two dark - suite men enter . one pause by the entrance , the other go to the bar . he set a folder on the bartop and slide it to templar . the two man exit . templar open the folder . Inside be a plane ticket . a plane ticket to St. Petersburg ... dissolve to : int . tretiake office - day tretiak sit behind he desk . the room be dark . tretiak the woman 's death be unfortunate . you lose . I lose . to think what we could have do with she formula . but life go on , no ? templar sit opposite tretiak , stare at he . he be shave and rest , he eye utterly alert . tretiak when romanov gain the presidency Russia will be ours . the possibility be , you would agree , endless . ( beat ) you have talent . unique talent . I need that talent to break into a impregnable facility . be part of this , templar . templar ( consider this ) Fifteen million , plus the fifteen you owe I . tretiak I owe you nothing . you be hire to steal something and you fail . templar thirty million , and I use my own man . tretiak twenty million , and one of my man go with you . templar nod in agreement . rise . go to the door . tretiak templar . a question . ( templar turn ) you have feeling for the woman , do not you ? templar I do not have feeling , tretiak . templar , he face hard , cold , expressionless , exit . tretiak watch he . CUT to : int . ST . petersburg - HOTEL suite - office - day a hotel in the heart of the city . we hear sound of demonstration and rioting in the street below . templar sit at a table with Harry Winston , remy samarkand , and frankie . architectural plan and photograph of the admiralty 's nuclear situation facility be spread amongst room service trays . ilya , and the massive zero sit on the couch , listen . ilya eye templar . templar periodically meet ilya 's eye . this exchange glance be rife with hostility . they have be at this a while and everyone 's frustrated . frankie no , no , no , karpov 's office be in the nuclear operation room . the entry hatch can not be activate from above - only below . remy it 's lead - line and reinforce with eight foot of concrete . explosive and drill be out . templar Electronic by-pass ? frankie negative . understand something , Simon , please : this be not a bank . this be the former Soviet Union 's missile command . forced entry be impossible . a long pause . everyone look at each other . templar examine a photograph of the facility . he fixate on it . he see something . templar what 's that ? templar point at the SMALL detection unit next to the nuclear Operations entrance hatch . frankie look at the photograph , then pick up a set of blueprint . start flipping through ... frankie uhhm .. . that be the facility 's ... ( come to the relevant page and read : ) ... radiation detector . in the event of nuclear fall - out it automatically close the hatch . everyone turn to templar . templar you be say the system can think . frankie yes . templar then it can be lie to . CUT to : int . tretiake headquarters - zubov be lab - day romanov and tretiak stand on one side of the lab . across the lab , zubov and dr . singh be huddle over a hydrogen tank , just like the one we see in jillian 's lab . the tank be surround by hundred of testtube and beaker contain chemical . tretiak the world will continue to spend half its gross national product on oil . romanov and Russia will spend none . within five year we will be the wealthiest nation on earth . tretiak and it 's leader , romanov , the most powerful people . CUT to : ext . ST . petersburg - admiralty - night the situation in the city have worsen . the romanov supporter outside the admiralty now number several thousand . they carry pro-romanov banner and shout : down with karpov ! in the b.g. , we see more rioting . gunfire crackle . a overturn truck . a military ambulance careen around the corner and roll past the romanov supporter up to the admiralty gate . two russian navy m.p. 's open the gate . the ambulance pull inside . the driver 's window roll down . it 's Harry Winston dress as a russian army paramedic . harry winston ( Russian ) two soldier shot by looter ! the m.p. wave the ambulance through . Harry wave back . the ambulance pull into the admiralty compound , go past to the rear , to the naval hospital emergency ward . ext . admiralty - naval hospital the ambulance pull up next to the emergency ward . the back door open . remy , dress as a paramedic , get out . remy and Harry haul out two heavily bandage russian soldier on stretcher . the stretcher expand into roll gurney . Harry and remy roll the wounded soldier inside . int . admiralty - naval hospital Harry and remy roll the gurney through the emergency ward . naval doctor and nurse be scramble around , attend to wounded soldier . the scene be frenetic . the gurney roll past the operate room , through double door , into a room . no one notice . int . admiralty - hospital storage room a room stock with hospital supplies . the wounded " soldier " spring off the gurney . they be templar and ilya . ilya wear the uniform of a naval m.p. templar wear a bulky , lead - line anti-radiation suit . templar shoulder he backpack . Harry Winston stand on a counter , push up the ceiling tile . templar and ilya climb atop the counter . Harry form a stirrup with he hand and hoist templar , then ilya , through the hole in the ceiling . int . admiralty - ventilation duct - night templar and ilya crawl through the ventilation duct to a wire mesh open . templar rip off the wire mesh screen . thirty foot below , in the recess entrance to the nuclear situation facility , two naval guard be walk they shift . they walk around the corner . . . templar we have get sixty second . move . ext . admiralty - side of build templar crawl out of the ventilation duct , he foot find a windowsill . just three inch to stand on . ilya crawl out , he foot find the same windowsill . the two man be side - by-side . they begin inching across the sill to a steel -runged ladder lead to the concrete floor below . ilya 's foot suddenly slip . his arm flail . he try to keep he balance , but fail . templar catch ilya 's wrist . a terrifying tableau : ilya , hang over the concrete floor below , hold up only by templar . if templar let 's go , ilya 's dead . they stare at each other ... and templar pull ilya back . ilya get he foot . catch he breath . nod to templar . they continue to the ladder and descend . ext . admiralty - perimeter wall the naval guard walk they shift . ext . admiralty - nuclear situation facility - night templar and ilya hurry across the concrete floor to the entrance hatch . templar kneel next to the radiation detector , unshoulder he backpack . templar 's anti-radiation suit have a goggle hood , which he don . he then carefully lift from he backpack a plexiglass rectangular BOX the size and shape of a shoe box , and a high - power cordless boltdriver . the plexiglass box have two ' compartment , one empty , the other fill with smoky gas . templar position the plexiglass box over the radiation detector . he unpocket four concrete bolt crews and bolt the box tightly to the concrete floor with the cordless boltdriver . ( the plexiglass box have a steel mount with hole for this purpose . ) ext . admiralty - perimeter wall the naval guard reach the end of the perimeter wall , then turn back toward the nuclear situation facility ... ext . admiralty - nuclear situation facility - night templar turn a knob on the plexiglass box ; the door separate the two compartment within the box open . Inside , the smoky gas release . it waft into the radiation detector 's sensor .. .. templar watch anxiously , talk to it ... templar radon be not plutonium but you do not know that ... the detector 's emergency light begin blinking . templar boom , you just get nuke . ( unbolt the box ) now it 's two month later and the radiation 's go ... templar rip the plexiglass box away from the detector , release the radon gas into the air . a moment pass . the emergency light turn off and , open sesame , the concrete hatchdoor separate , revealing stair . templar rip off he hood . he and ilya descend . ext . admiralty - perimeter wall the naval guard be near the rear of the admiralty . around the corner be the nuclear situation facility ... int . admiralty - nuclear situation room - day templar and ilya race down . at the base of the stair be the hatchdoor open / close switch . templar throw the " close " switch . above , the hatch door start to close .. ext . admiralty - perimeter wall the naval guard come around the corner just as ... ... the concrete hatch door pull shut . int . admiralty - nuclear situation room - day templar and ilya move through the nuclear situation room to President karpov 's office . int . admiralty - nuclear operation office - day ilya and templar enter . ilya open the credenza behind karpov 's desk , revealing rows of videotape cassettes . ilya rifle through the tape . templar kneel behind the t.v. and v.c.r . he switch the t.v. 's satellite link from " receive " to " transmit , " and adjust the satellite frequency . ilya hand templar a video cassette tape . templar throw it in the V.C.R. and hit a button . the V.C.R. transmit the tape over the satellite link to the - - ext . admiralty roof -- Satellite dish on the admiralty 's roof , which send the transmission into outer space , where it bounce off a satellite and return to -- int . ST . petersburg - HOTEL suite - night -- a V.C.R. in the hotel suite , where frankie hover over a array of sophisticated editing equipment . tretiak , romanov , and several of tretiak 's man stand to the side . templar 's transmission play on a t.v . it 's a tape of the karpov / romanov meeting : karpov tell I what you want . romanov a public debate , then new election . we will let the people decide . karpov ( consider this ) agreed . frankie hit " play " on a second V.C.R. : here , we see the tretiak / Ivan grachameete , tape earlier : tretiak upon what condition would you accept a partnership ? be reasonable . gracha fifty percent of the drug trade in St. Petersburg and Moscow . a third of prostitution and gambling . both V.C.R. 's be connect to a video morphing system not unlike that use by filmmaker . frankie hit some button on the morph machine . on the first V.C.R. monitor - romanov's image be lift from the videotape . it simply disappear . CUT to : int . admiralty - nuclear situation facility - night templar and ilya , wait . templar look at he watch . templar come on , frankie ... int . ST . petersburg - HOTEL suite - night frankie , finish , hit " play . " we see a alter version of the karpov / romanov meeting . romanov have be morphed out and Ivan gracha bas be morphed in . on the screen , it now look like this : president karpov tell I what you want . gracha fifty percent of the drug trade in St. Petersburg and Moscow . a third of prostitution and gambling . president karpov agreed . President karpov shake gracha 's hand . back to scene frankie turn to tretiak and romanov . frankie should I send it ? tretiak not yet . romanov click on he cellular phone . romanov General radischev please . yes , a emergency . frankie , alarmed , turn to tretiak . frankie what 's he do ? templar will not have time to get out of there ... tretiak nod to zero who open the door into the hall . two moscow policemen enter . they stride over to frankie , yank she up and handcuff she , drag she off . CUT to : ext . admiralty - garrison - night the Naval Guard in the garrison look up with wide , startle eye at -- three russian tank rumble up to the admiralty , follow by a detachment of russian army special force . naval guard ( under he breath ) mother of God ... the tank smash through the gate , roll into the admiralty compound . the special force Men walk silently past the startle Naval Guard , who rush inside and hit a klaxon horn . int . admiralty - naval hospital storage room - night Harry and remy , startle by the klaxon , look out the storage room window at ... the tank . harry come on , Simon , move it ... ext . admiralty - compound - night the tank roll into the admiralty compound : a message blare from one of the tank 's loudspeaker : tank loudspeaker ( v. of .) this be a matter of national security . I repeat , this be matter of national ... the tank roll up to the nuclear situation facility . the special force Men walk up to the open hatch . int . admiralty - nuclear operation office templar look at he watch . he 's wait for frankie to send back the morphed tape ... templar come on , frankie . suddenly the transmission start come across the satellite link , recording over the old tape . it 's almost finish ... int . admiralty - operation room - night the special force Men come down the stair and across the room toward karpov 's office ... int . admiralty - nuclear bunker - karpov' office templar yank the morphed tape from the v.c.r and go back to karpov 's credenza . he kneel by the drawer . something fast and unexpected happen , like slight - of hand . templar pull a second tape from inside he suit and put it back in the drawer , slide the morphed tape under the credenza . he stand , turn , and freeze ... ilya ( remember , he be dress as a naval m.p. ) have he gun levele on templar . ilya step past templar . lift the tape from the drawer - the tape from templar 's waistband . the door burst open . the special force man pile inside . the special force major regards the situation . ilya I find he over there . ( hold up the tape ) with this . special force major give it to I . ( turn to he man ) arrest President karpov . four special force Men race out . int . admiralty - night President karpov and he wife be sleep . the door blast open , throw a beam of light on karpov , who sit up , stare with a confuse expression at -- the special force men , glaring back at he . CUT to : ext . dvortsovaya ploschad - early morning it 's 4 a.m. , but revolution be in the air . thousands of St. petersburgers be pour into the square . it be a anxious , surreal scene . russian tank and armoured vehicle surround the square . the crowd explode with thunderous cheer as -- michael romanov , escort by soldier , come through the crowd . general nicolai radischev , tall , stern , career Army man , follow with a contingent of junior officer . behind radischev be templar , frankie and president karpov , under arrest , escort by special force men . romanov climb atop a tank turret . he look out over the crowd . the crowd come to a hush . like lenin 's arrival at Finland Station . a history - in-the-make atmosphere . romanov Friends , countryman , I give you Major antonin scarpinin . Major scarpinin ( the special force Major ) , climb atop the tank turret . major scarpinin twenty minute ago a team of Russian special force , act on confidential information , raid President karpov 's office ... across the square - tretiak and he man emerge from several limousine . as tretiak move through the crowd , ivan gracha and twenty of he man approach . tretiak thank you for come , Ivan , it be a great night for Russia . ivan gracha I do not give a damn who 's president . I will make my money either way . tretiak maybe you should take great interest in politics , Ivan gracha . tretiak and gracha turn to Major scarpinin , listen ... on the tank turret - templar and frankie be shove by soldier up next to scarpinin . templar and frankie exchange a steely glance . on the other side of the square - remy and harry come through the crowd . see templar and frankie atop the tank , they stop in they track and watch ... major scarpinin this man , a know international thief , aid by this woman , a german operative , be arrest steal a surveillance videotape from President karpov 's office . scarpinin show the seize tape to the crowd , then hand it to romanov , who climb atop the tank . templar and frankie be pull down from the turret and lead away to two army truck in the background . romanov one month ago I say I would prove that that who call themselves we leader ... ( point at karpov ) .. .are in league with that who we know to be thief , traitor , rapist of we once - great country . do you want to see this proof ? the crowd ( out for blood ) yes ! romanov hand the tape to Major scarpinnin , who walk it over to a army communication technician stand by a portable V.C.R. link to the huge screen ( see in romanov 's earlier speech ) above romanov . on the tank turret - romanov point at the huge screen . the crowd wait breathlessly . .:. on the screen - the tape begin play , but we do not see karpov 's office . shockingly , we see ... tretiak 's . Simon templar stashed the tape frankie record of the tretiak / romanov meeting in karpov 's office . we see : tretiak hail Michael romanov , czar of the fatherland . how will that sound to the average Russian ? romanov the average Russian be a fool . in the crowd there be confusion , incredulity . romanov be eye widen . tretiak and men stare in disbelief at the screen . ivan gracha and he man slowly back away from tretiak . romanov he exist to be dominate . to partnership in government . tretiak no romanov '' to partnership in crime . michael romanov look down at the crowd and ... . ...500,000 russian stare back at he in silence . romanov that .. . that it be a fraud ... ( turn to General radischev ) I can explain . radischev ( motion to major scarpinin ) arrest he . scarpinin and he special force Men close in on Michael romanov , the crusade reformer . across the square - tretiak and he men , huddle in a protective circle , stare into the angry face of half a million Russian citizen . total silence . a pin could drop . tretiak and he man brandish they weapon . the intimidate crowd back off . they move quickly toward they vehicle , the crowd parting for they . a detachment of russian marine come through the crowd . they be heavily armed and ready for business . tretiak aim and fire . a marine go down . civilian scream and dive away . pandemonium break out . tretiake men open fire . the marine return fire . a harrowing amount of ammunition be expend in second . ten of tretiak 's man and many marine take hit . zero die instantly . a brutal , close - quarter firefight . the outnumber marine take the worst of it . tretiak , ilya , and tretiak 's survive man run past the fall marine to they vehicle . they pile into the first two car and squeal away , head down the nevsky prospect . across the square - at the army truck panic and pandemonium . Soldiers run here and there amidst panicked civilian . a special force sergeant stand guard outside one of the truck . a naval paramedic , support a wounded paramedic , stagger up . Harry Winston and remy , of course . harry winston ( Russian ) sergeant , give I a hand . the sergeant give Harry a hand . remy stand up ; whip the barrel of he gun across the sergeant 's head , who collapse onto Harry . Harry drag he off and '' remy pull the pin on the truck 's doorlock . the door swing open . templar hop down templar get frankie . remy and Harry hurry off to the other army truck . templar get in the truck , slide behind the wheel . he start the ignition and throw it in drive . the truck rumble forward , hopping the curb . the army truck roar out of the square , pursue tretiak 's vehicle down the nevsky prospect as , behind he -- - - the tank and armoured vehicle also roar out of the square , follow by Russian Marines , special force , and the enraged crowd . they too head down the nevsky prospect for the mafia headquarters ... CUT to : ext . tretiak ' S headquarters - night tretiak 's vehicle wheel into the circular drive . no guard be present . tretiak and man exit the vehicle and race inside -- int . tretiake headquarters - night tretiak and he man hurry in . no guard here , either . tretiak 's on he cellular phone . tretiak get the plane run , we will be there in five minute . ( to he man ) clean out the safe . burn the record in my office . tretiak and ilya go quickly to the basement stair . tretiak 's man go for the upstairs staircase . int . tretiak ' S headquarters - zubov ' S lab a t.v. show a newscast from the ploschad . Dr. Singh and Zubov , have see everything that just transpire , be frantically destroy they data and record . Zubov be burn the cold fusion hardcopy in a waste basket . Dr. Singh be delete the computer file . tretiak and ilya come down the stair . Zubov pop a 3 1 / 4 disk from the computer . zubov we reduce the fusion formula to one disk and destroy everything else . tretiak good . and tretiak draw he gun . as do ilya . Zubov and Dr. Singh stare at the gun . dr . singh what .. . what be you ...? tretiak shoot Zubov . ilya shoot Dr. Singh . the two scientist fall , dead . so much for honor among thief . then tretiak wheel on ilya , he gun come up . yes , so much for honor among thief ... tretiak freeze , startle . because ilya have he gun levele on tretiak . tretiak try to speak . word will not form . ilya fire . tretiak pitch over backward . ilya walk past tretiak 's corpse , yank the computer disk from Zubov 's lifeless hand and turn -- templar stand across the lab , gun in hand . ilya 's eye dart around the room . ilya we can share this , templar . templar we do not own it . ilya who do ? templar ( eye glint ) the jillian St. Thomas Foundation . there be a sudden shrill whistling SOUND . templar and ilya look around . ilya do not be a fool . templar I be a fool ? you think you could get away with murder . use curare do not you ? induce blood-clott . templar click back the hammer ... ilya what do you want ? the whistling be louder . anyone with military service know the sound of income ordnance ... templar what do I want ? I want .. . revenge . now give I the disk . there 's a massive explosion above . the laboratory be rocked . a shelf of chemicals teeter over , fall on templar , knock the gun from he hand . the beaker of chemical smash all around templar ilya sprint for the stair . templar grab for he gun , lie in a puddle of carbolic acid . he grab the gun ; the acid burn he flesh . he drop it and race for the stair . int . tretiak ' S headquarters - night ilya emerge from the basement stairwell and race for the front door . templar come up ; sprint after ilya . ilya , with templar hotly behind , get to the front door , fling it open , and ... freeze . and ilya and templar be suddenly stare down the barrel of -- a russian tank . just sit there in the mansion courtyard . Russian soldier behind it . ilya and templar duck . the tank fire . the missile projectile explode from the tank 's barrel , fly through the mansion 's front door over ilya and templar 's head ... ... wing across the interior of the mansion ... .. . and slam into the rear wall of the mansion , explode , blow the wall down , revealing another tank at the mansion 's rear , lumber toward it . ilya slam the door shut and whirl on templar . they trade blow . ilya have the better of this . he shove templar aside and race back through the foyer . templar recover and race after ilya , tackle he in the middle of the floor . they roll on the floor , trading vicious blow after vicious blow , when --- -- a tank shell rip into the mansion 's dome cupola . templar and ilya look up in horror as -- the 20 foot diameter crystal chandelier descend . templar and ilya dive away . the chandelier crash spectacularly in the middle of the foyer , explode like a glass grenade . a huge piece of crystal hit templar in the side of the head , open a gash , dazing he . there 's no place to go . except up . ilya race for the staircase . templar recover and take up the chase again . up the staircase they go . a second tank missle slam into the dome , implode it . chunks of stone and masonry fall on ilya and templar , knock they both backward . int . tretiake mansion - zubov be lab - night the lab be rock by the explosion . rack of chemicals in beaker fall to the floor , smashing . the chemical begin to ooze together . a chemical reaction be occur . the mixing chemical begin emit smoke . int . tretiake mansion - corridor / tretiake office tretiak 's man be at the window with automatic weapon , fire on the army below . two man drag a crate into the office . they open it , revealing a '' anti -tank grenade launcher . they pull it from the crate and set up the tri-pod ... on the staircase - templar and ilya continue up the staircase . ilya reach the mezzanine . he climb atop the balustrade and jump to the lip of the crater in the dome . he pull himself up . templar repeat ilya 's action : climb atop the balustrade and jump to the lip of the crater . as he pull himself up ... ilya appear . he compress he foot against templar 's knuckle . templar grimace . there 's no way out this time . there 's a burst of orange light as a tank shell explode on the roof , knock ilya off he foot , allow -- -- templar to pull himself up to the roof . ext . tretiak ' S headquarters / nevsky prospect - night the tank continue fire . Russian Marines fire round after round into the mansion . tretiak 's man inside return the fire . Harry , remy and frankie run up , look with alarm at the vicious firefight . realizing templar be within ... int . tretiake office the anti-tank grenade launcher be operational . one of tretiak 's man load , the other fire , and -- ext . tretiake mansion - night -- a anti - tank shell launch from the window and hit the tank in the courtyard , blow its turret off . tretiak 's man fire assault rifle from the window . no one 's surrender . it 's a fight to the death ... ext . tretiake mansion - roof - night templar and ilya , on the mansion 's roof . the view be mind - boggle : the nighttime St. Petersburg skyline loom in the background and , below , three Russian tank fire shell after shell into the mansion . across the explode , crumble rooftop , ilya and templar go . a tank shell explode in front of ilya . ilya fall , concuss by the shell . templar dive upon he , wrenching the computer disk from ilya 's pocket . ilya slam he forearm into templar 's head . the disk fly from templar 's hand , scuttle across the roof shingles , fall through a crater ... ... it flutter to the mansion floor , 50 foot down . they get to they foot , circle each other . they foot be not trustworthy , like ice in spring . tank shell slam into the mansion 's upper architecture and roof . a shell hit the mansion 's east wall , detach the drain pipe run up it . ilya draw a switchblade . back templar up . templar 's at the very edge of the building . there 's no place to go . templar 's foot be unsteady . because the cornice of the building be crumble beneath he . ... and templar fall . he look over he shoulder , he wrist turn , hand open , and ... ... templar catch the detach drainpipe . the drainpipe sag under templar 's weight , bend ... and it stop . templar hang there , bob up and down above the alley between the mansion and the adjacent building , fifty foot below . ilya turn back . he 's go after the disk . ilya jump through the crater to the mezzanine and race down the staircase ... while in the basement ... int . tretiake mansion - zubov be lab - night another whole shelf of chemical fall , smash . the chemical continue to mix ... ext . tretiake headquarters - roof templar dangle from the drainpipe . ka-chung . it give . it give again . the drainpipe be about to break . templar look down into the flame and demolition below ... int . tretiak 's mansion - staircase / foyer - night ilya race reach the foyer . the building be implode , chunks of stone fall all around he . ilya 's eye be wild . he want that disk ... ilya get to it . clutch it . it 's finally in he hand . he go for the staircase . ... int . tretiake mansion - zubov be lab - night the chemical be steaming now , in a froth , become more and more and more volatile ... ext . tretiake mansion - night templar , dangle from the drainpipe , look wildly around for a escape . if he could just get to that adjacent building ... it 's too far . and he hand be slip ... then , from the mansion 's basement , the very gut of the building , the chemical in the lab detonate and -- the mansion explode from within . int . tretiak ' S man ion - staircase - night ilya 's eye bulge in terror as the staircase collapse under he . ilya fall , engulf in flame , still clutching the cold fusion disk . ext . tretiake mansion - night the drainpipe fully detach from the collapse mansion wall . it fall away from the mansion , with templar still hold on ... templar release from the drainpipe and catch the lip of the roof cornice of the adjacent building . templar pull himself up and look back at ... tretiake mansion . the entire building come apart at the seam . it crash into a heap of rubble . fade out : fade in : ext . manhattan - reestablishing - day the skyline of the great city as we super : new york CITY - one month later ext . rockefeller CENTER - establishing it 's mid-day . people come and go . int . rockefeller - a office camera pan past the office door , stencile -- rockefeller foundation - charitable donation -- to a huge desk . two middle - age lady be go through a four-foot stack of mail donation . they be lucy and delore . lucy here 's one from that guy who own most of Brooklyn . ten buck again . lucy I will alert the media . guy 's richer than god ... delore ( read a check ) hey , Mr. Anderson at the met give a thousand this year . Lucy ? but lucy be not listen . she 's stare at a check . her eye be like hubcap . lucy oh my goodness gracious ... ( look at delore ) get Mr. Thomas , delore . delore what be it ? lucy a check for fifty ... ( gulp ) ... million dollar . delore get up , go to Lucy , who 's hyperventilate . Lucy hand she the check . delore start hyperventilate . Lucy read the letter : lucy it 's from a " jillian St. Thomas Foundation , " for the benefit of scientific research . delore never hear of it . lemme see . Lucy hand delore the letter . insert - the letter be print under a letterhead with a logo design : the stick figure man with halo , the same design as the tiepin jillian give templar . back to scene delore look at Lucy . Lucy look back . and over this we hear a voice . we have hear it before ... jillian ST . thomas if you be afraid of the dark , remember the night rainbow ... ext . manhattan - brooklyn bridge - sunset a lone man stand on the bridge . the spire of Manhattan rise above he . the sun be set ... jillian ST . thomas if tomorrow morning the sky fall , have cloud for breakfast . if the bird forget they song , listen to the wind ... camera close in on the hard , defiant face of a man who have change a great deal in this month . jillian ST . thomas and if between right and wrong ... and Simon templar join jillian here , speak with she soul ... simon and jillian ... do what be right . and Simon whisper to himself ... simon I will do what be right . pulling back , we see that the sunset have cast ray through the bridgework . and we can not be certain , it be vague , but the ray filter through the bridgework seem to cast a halo over templar 's head . he be , now , the Saint . the end to be continue ...