~~ ppg — ee the last temptation of christ by Paul schrader from the novel by nikos kazantzakis chartoff -winkler production , Inc. 10125 W. Washington boulevard culver City , California May 26 , 1982 rap " it be not God who will save we -- it be we who will save God , by battle , by create and transmute matter into spirit . " -- nikos kazantzakis savior of God ext . nazareth - day see from above : jesus , the son of Mary , 28 year - old , es on a scrubby hillock under a olive tree . the mid-morn sun shine on he clean-shaven face . he be dream : jesus ( v.0 . ) the pain start just above the neck . it feel as if a old man have snuck up and grab I from behind . his finger slip underneath the skin and work , claw , they way up the back of my neck . then the real pain begin . each finger dig into the soft matter behind my brain , and then strain across the top of my head toward my eye . just before they reach the eye , they dig down ... Jesus waken . he look around , hold he head . jesus ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) I remember I have to make a cross . CUT to : int . carpenter' workshop - day Jesus shape a long piece of timber with a adze . his patch tunic rest on the workbench . the white plaster - and -brick wall be hang with the tool of Jesus 's trade : saw , hammer , rasp and measure square . two small window let in light and breeze from the village . his face be etched by line cause by think too much . Brain fever . a nail - studd belt hang from a hook above he head . the belt be speckle with dry blood . jesus ( v.0 . ) 4 c first I fasted for three month . then I whipped myself before sleep . at first it work , then the headache return . Jesus wipe wood shaving from he sweaty chest . he hear a noise from outside . frightened , he look toward t joor : ( continued ) continued : jesus ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) who be it ? who be you ? why be you follow I ? juda , 30 , blacksmith , burst into the room . the door rattle on its wood hinge . Jesus go back to work . juda ' face be ablaze with wild red hair , beard and moustache . his bulg forearm be dirtied by grease , burnt by fire . he belong to the sicarri ( " assassin " ) the terrorist wing of , the Zealot , a radical jewish po - litical organization . his presence be frightening . juda I think I would find you here . be not you ashamed ? the carpenter from cana and capernaum refuse to make a cross for a Zealot , but you get up and throw yourself into it like a madman . where 's you pride ? Jesus , silent , back away . juda ( continue ) what if the messiah be to come now and find you do this ? Jesus return to he adze . he say quietly : . jesus leave I alone , juda . I mst work . juda be not you ashamed ? jesus ( softly ) no. juda you have see they hang there for day , skin fall off they body . crying night after night . we prophet . because of the Roman and man like you . a migrain move across Jesus ' face . he wince : jesus no , I do not have any pride . I do not go to synagogue . I disobey the commandment . I work on the sabbath . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) juda and who will pay for you sin ? jesus I do not know . I be struggle . juda , disgust , call to the crowd outside . juda come here ! look at the traitor ! look at the cross-maker . the crowd jeer . Jesus resume he task . CUT to : ext . carpenter' workshop - day ( later ) a centurion push he way through the crowd gather outside the white - wash building . he be sicken by the foul-smelling jewry . Jesus stand outside he workshop hewing a cyprus cross . a semi-circle of spiteful israelite surround hin , the centurion approach : centurion you ready ? ( as Jesus nod ) com 's on . Jesus take the nail - studd belt from its hook and buckle it around he waist . the centurion help Jesus heft the cross-beam to he shoulder . the centurion lead Jesus through a gauntlet the crowd have forme from the village to a rocky hill outside Nazareth . ahead , six Roman soldier lead the protest zealot . two mount soldier flank the group . the Zealot , craze by fear , possess by God , call out to anyone who will listen : zealot stand up israelite ! now 's the time of judgement ! yahweh be count everyone ! stand , be count ! the Zealot 's hand be tie behind he . his clothes be tear and bloody , he long hair and grey beard matte with blood and sweat . ( continued ) continued : juda insinuate he way into a group of townspeople . fearful of the Roman , he speak wder he breath : juda how long be we go take this ? can we let the Roman kill anyone who open he mouth ? when be we go be man ? when will we . be Jews ? no one pay attention to juda . see this , he with - draw . the villager heap abuse on Jesus . peter and jame be in the crowd . mary , 56 , mother of Jesus , push she way through the crowd . she stand in front of Jesus , try to hold back the crowd with she arm . she call out : mary ( mother of jesus ) forgive my son ! he 's crazy ! he do not know what he 's do . he have problem . ever since he be a baby . he 's not well in the head . the crowd hoot she into silence . Jesus , turn he eye from she , trudge forward . the centurion follow close behind . as they near the crucifixion site , another woman , mary magdalene , 25 , approach Jesus . she wear brightly color clothes ; she lip and cheek be paint like a prostitute . the villager revile she as she pass . she walk alongside Jesus , stare he in the face . the color flow from Jesus 's face : he resolve nearly melt with it . jesus magdalene . who tell you to ceue ? magdalene you think you could forget be . you never will . Jesus 's mind go back to a day the previous year . cut to : flashback - magdala - day a wedding feast in the lake village of magdala . a long table be spread with fresh fruit , cheese , bread and wine . ( continued ) continued : mary magdalene's father propose a toast : magdalene's father join I . a toast to the engagement of my first daughter , Mary , and Jesus of Nazareth . the celebrant raise they cup in a toast . Mary , Jesus ' mother , beam . away from the other , Jesus and Mary magdalene speak . jesus I will return . I promise . magdalene I do not wnderstand . jesus I can not marry . God will not let I . he 's pursue I . magdalene that 's not God , it 's the devil . ( hold he head ) Jesus , you need a woman . jesus I must be alone . he come at night into my head . God 's angry with I . he push she away . magdalene be you serious ? what about I ? what will become of I ? no one will have I . Jesus turn and walk away . CUT to : ext . nazareth - crucifixion site - day magdalene spit in Jesus ' face : magdalene cross~ -maker ! Jesus lower he face . the Zealot 's voice ring out : ( continued ) continued : zealot . Children , have faith in the God of Israel ! do not be afraid . Rome be in smoke . remember the maccabee , remember how they throw out the Greeks ! in the same way we will throw out the Roman ! there be only one God of host ! the Zealot have reach the crucifixion site : a rocky , flint cover mound . the soldier wait for the cross . Children throw pebble at Jesus as he approach the Zealot . the Roman guard brace themselves for violence . Jesus set the cross down beside the Zealot . the guard wrestle the Zealot to the ground . Mary , unable to contain herself , burst through the crowd : mary ( mother of jesus ) Jesus ! my son ! get away from here ! the guard move toward she . Peter and another man help the woman take she away before the Roman can arrest she . juda , sicken by this spectacle , walk away . the guard place the Zealot on the cross and tie he arm . Jesus , move the wege , ready the hole for the cross . the magdalene throw herself at the Zealot 's foot : magdalene be brave ! one of the calvarymen drive she back with he horse . there will be no revolt today . the guard prepare to drive the nail into the Zealot 's hand . a hush come over the crowd . the spike be place in the Zealot 's palm . the hammer raise . Metal hit metal : the spike pierce the upraise hand . the Zealot 's scream ( almost ecstatic ) be echoed by the crowd . blood spatter ; a drop fall on Jesus ' lip . CUT to : ext . outskirt of nazareth - dawn Jesus , without staff or sandal , walk quickly across a grassy plain northeast of Nazareth . although mich of the lake district " of galilee be rocky and barren today , it be not so in Jesus ' time . then it be a fertile and pleasant valley , the treasure of the mid-east . it be jater denude - by the Turks . behind Jesus , Nazareth stir to life . Jesus lean he body into the wind as he reach the crest of a low ridge : jesus ( v.0 . ) if I take the goat 's path south to bypass magdala and Tiberias . Traders from East and West go out of gheir way to drink and whore and ... Jesus watch a small caravan head down the hill toward the sea . he shake this thought from he mind . jesus ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) this be the happiest moment of my life . I have always feel something be after I . it must be as stupid as everyone say . God only want I to join he in the desert . he wait in a well at the monastery . Jesus skip for joy as he walk : jesus ( v.0 . ) why would he want somone as stunid as I ? thank you ! he sing a psalm as he go : jesus '' the Lord reign , let the earth be glad ' let the distant shore rejoice . rise up , o judge of earth ; pay back the proud what they deserve . how long will the wick , 0 Lord , how , long will the wick be jubilant ? " CUT to : ext . sea of gennesaret - morning Jesus walk a hundred yard off the coast of the Sea of gennesaret ( today call galilee ) . in the water a group of man pull in they net after a morning of fishing . they be zebedee , James and John , philip , a shepherd , stand with then , by american standard , the Sea of gennesaret be quite small : 13 mile long and 8 mile wide . from any point , the oppo - site shore be visible . ( continued ) 8 . continued : to this day its sweet , clear water be naturally stock with fish . because it 's locate in a pocket in the hill , gennesaret remain subject to sudden violent storm . on shore , juda talk with Peter . Zebedee , fiftiesh , be the father of James and John . Peter spot Jesus and call out : peter look who 's here . hey , Cross -maker ! Jesus glance at they and keep walk . ~ philip ( call out ) you better keep walk . do not stop here . zebedee do not bother he . we be all part of the same plan . the fish say , ' God , do not let I get catch , ' the fisherman say , ' God , give I fish . ' back to work . ( to juda ) hey , Red ! you mind you own business , too . Philip walk over to Peter and juda and say to Zebedee : philip be careful , Zebedee . he 's from the idumea . lion still live out there . do not pick a fight with he . ( to juda ) what 's happen in the plain ? juda everything 's fine , Philip . the Lord 's merciful . in Nazareth , he crucify prophet . here , he send enough rain . to ruin a year 's crop in one night . in Jerusalem , the Roman squat in the temple . zebedee shut up . whatever God do be right . juda it be for you . you hire fifty fisherman like slave and pay they minimum . then you give to the temple and get God 's bless . zebedee hey , you get the mark of cain on you . now get out ! ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) juda walk off , call back to Zebedee : juda I would not want to be in you boat when the . messiah come . Philip catch up with he . philip wait . I want to talk to you . juda why now ? be you afraid a few minute ago ? the King of the Jews be on he way . decide what side you be on . philip help I . I be afraid . but , I can not stand it anymore . juda ( move close to he ) Philip , can you kill ? philip a man ? juda what do you think ? sheep ? . philip I kill a bull once , but never a man . juda a man 's easier , philip ( hushed ) be you one of they -- the Zealot ? juda do not be afraid . we be fight for freedom . the day will come when you ¢an join we , do you have a knife ? philip yes . juda carry it all the time . this be hard time . juda open he shirt revealing a double -edge dagger . ( continued ) 7 10 . continued : ( 3 ) juda ( continue ) . yesterday the brotherhood condemn the traitor . the lot fall to I . philip the cross-maker ? juda ( nod ) keep you mouth shut . think about what I have say . the day will come when we will need you . philip how will I know ? juda turn . to leave : juda do not be in a hurry . you be not one of the brother yet . cur to : ext . galilee - day Jesus pass two peasant girl reap in a open field . they partially open dress reveal they sweaty breast . as Jesus avert he eye , one of the girl call to he : first peasant girl hungry ? second peasant girl ( gesture ) there 's water and bread in the house . ( as Jesus decline ) we keep a loaf for traveler . we call it the grasshopper 's bread . the first girl point to a distant village : first peasant girl but if you want love , go to magdala . both Girls giggle . they sexuality frighten Jesus : jesus no , I must keep go . Jesus walk quickly away . the Girls turn to each other and laugh again . 10 11 11 . later - jesus walk along the seashore . hear footstep , he stop abruptly . turn and look : jesus ( v.0 . ) who 's that ? who 's follow I ? see nothing . Jesus start again . the footstep return -- louder . jesus ( v.0 . ) be that you ? he clutches he head , collapse to he knee in pain : jesus ( v.0 . ) magdalene ! magdalene ! CUT to : ext . magdala - day Jesus walk through the narrow street of magdala a fish - market village on the Sea of gennesaret , which also serve as a rest spot for caravap and trader en route from the indias to tyre and sidon . the street be crowded with camel , donkey and trader of all description : mongol on horseback , afghan laden with rug and blanket , nubian slave follow they Greek and Roman master . Jesus push he way through a crowd as he reach the home of Mary magdalene . a row of camel , horse and donkey stand outside . Jesus enter . as Jesus enter , a nazarene call to he : nazarene ah , carpenter , you have come to worship ? the man laugh and move on . curt to : ext . mary magdalene's courtyard - day a camel sleep by the well in the center of the courtyard . Jesus latch the door behind he . a dozen trader and merchant be seat on bench around the courtyard ; each wait he turn with the magdalene . ( continued ) 11 12 13 14 12 . continued : they have come from the four corner of the earth . side by side sit a bedouin in a long white jellab , a young indian nobleman with gold band around he ankle , a fat green-turbane turk . the hot sun beat down on they all . each sweat , look impatiently from side to side , engage in small talk . how much be slave sell for in Alexandria and Damascus ? what be the trading price of cinnamon and pepper ? a short bedouin emerge from magdalene 's house . he pass through the courtyard without glance to either side . the next in line , a old Jew , enter magdelene 's door . the Turk call to he : turk hurry up , old man . do not take all day ! the other join in laughter . CUT to : later ~ the SUN be wane . Three merchant wait with Jesus . a old woman pass through sell bread , date and wine . a egyptian emerge from the magdalene 's house . another man get up . Jesus defer to he . later - it's dark Jesus sit alone . the last customer close the courtyard or . Jesus stand , enter magdalene 's house . curt to : int . magdalene's room - night Jesus step into the dark , amber- light room . Mary , lie naked on a stack of blanket , cover with the sweat of all nation . facing the wall , she call out in a hoarse voice : magdalene be there anyone else ? Jesus stop in the middle of the room , wable to go further . ( continued ) 14 13 . continued : Mary turn and recognize Jesus . she instinctively pull the blanket over she nakedness . magdalene what be you do here ? . jesus I want you to forgive I . the magdalene do not understand . jesus I have do a lot of wrong thing . I be go to the desert to be cleanse . the worst thing I have do be to you . forgive I , magdalene ah , now I get it . you sit out there all day with the ' customer ' . then you come in here with you head down . la-te-ta . it be not that easy . I be not gonna forgive you just ' cause you wanna be forgiven , jesus ( fall to he knee ) it 's my fault , but I will pay the debt . magdalene you bleat like a animal . lift you head up and face the truth . you want the same as the other . but you can not admit it , so you blame I . I pity you , Jesus . 1 detest you . Jesus , he head bow low , start to weep : jesus you be full of the devil . please , can not you see that ? tear fall from Jesus ' cheek . magdalene sit up , put she arm on he shoulder : magdalene do not you understand ? a woman be like a wounded doe . all she can do be lick she wound . that be she only joy . ( continued ) 14 15 14 , continued : ( 2 ) 14 jesus ( look at she ) do not you remember when we be child ? Mary 's eye be also wet : magdalene yes , I remember . I pity you . I detest you . every time I see you wy heart break . ( start to get up ) look the other way . I be naked . Mary stand and put a dress on . CUT to : later Mary take a casserole from the fire , pour it into a bowl and hand it to Jesus with a barley roll . Jesus , starve , bite into the bread : magdalene be that the way you eat ? without say grace ? do not you think you oughta thank God for give you bread , bean and whore ? the bread stick in Jesus ' throat : jesus why do you hate I ? why do you tease I ? let bygone be bygone . forgive I . magdalene stop whining . forgiveness be not give , it 's take . Jesus eat . Mary look at he tenderly . she touch he ace . magdalene yes , I remember when we be child . when you be three and I be one . ( Jesus do not respond ) I remember when we laid under the tree together . there be three step lead to you house . I would watch you try to climb . I want to help you but ... ( continued ) 15 16 15 . continued : 14 magdalene be come on to he . he be she one , she only , h lifetime love . no matter what he do , she eb hever stop '' loving he . Jesus be afraid ; he know she power -- and he weakness . jesus stop ! he stand and walk over to the fire . magdalene I never feel so much tenderness toward anyone as feel for you then ... jesus . ( he head in he hand ) adoriai ! God , help I ! ( to magdalene ) I be think about God . I must leave ... his voice be strangle , heartbroken . magdalene please stay . that be , if you will condescend to share a prostitute 's shabby room . '' " ( Jesus do not respond ) it 's cold . sleep by the fire . Jesus walk to the door : jesus I can not stay . magdalene ' do not worry . I will not tempt you . I will not touch you precious virginity . jesus I be sorry . Jesus leave . the door rattles against the jamb . a moment after he exit , Mary magdalene sink she head into the blanket , sobbing . CUT to : ext . monastery - day Jesus walk hurriedly toward a wall desert commme . the landscape be now barren , and wild . in the distance , sheer cliff ascend from a sandy plain . ( continued ) 16 17 18 16 . continued : in Christian time , this commune be call monastery ; but this pre-christian gutpost lack the doctrinal simplicity and ascetic commitment of the later Catholic monastery . they be simply group of religious man live together to meditate , do good work and preserve the torah and other religious document . Jesus knock on the main door . he wait anxiously as the abbot ? open the door . jesus thank God . I think I have never make it . please let I in . I be safe now . the abbot , take back , let Jesus in . cuT to : ext . monastery montage - day -- Jesus , now bearded , copy scroll with other acolyte . -- Jesus work the commune garden . CUT to : int . jesus ' cell - night Jesus : sleep on a woven mat . he hear a hissing SOUND . his eye open , he sit up . a snake emerge from a hole in the wall and slither across the earthen floor . another snake follow it . the snake coil around each other and copulate . Jesus sit up , he back to the wall , watch : jesus ( v.0 . ) why now after all this time ? so this be sex . Men and woman coupling . this be why they be throw out of paradise . ( watch the snake ) but everything be of God . and everything have two negping , one obvious , one hide . what be they tell I ? he look at one of the snake . it speak to he in Mary magdalene 's voice : : ( continued ) 18 7 . continued : snake / magdalene Jesus , I forgive you . the snake change color as they coil . be this real -- ora vision ? the question do not occur to Jesus . nor would it to he contemporary . they live in a time which accept healing , miracle , stigmata and vision as extension of the natural world . Jesus grab he chest ; the snake hiss inside he breast . jesus ( v.0 . ) leave I alone . Jesus breathes a sigh of relief . the abbot stand in the door , Jesus look up . the snake be go . abbot what 's wrong ? Jesus do not answer , the abbot put he finger to Jesus ' lip . jesus they be go . abbot yes , they have fle . jesus where ? abbot and now you must leave too . jesus what ? abbot the snake come from you . now you must leave too . go into the village . stand and speak . jesus to who ? abbot to anyone who will listen . jesus and say what ? ( continued ) 18 19 20 21 18 . continued : ( 2 ) abbot : do not worry about that . just open you mouth . do you love mankind ? jesus I see man and I feel sorry for they , nothing else . abbot that 's enough . it 's time for you to leave , . , jesus that 's why I be send here ? abbot I don *t know . cur to : ext . desert monastery - night a full moon illuminate the wall enclave . CUT tq : int . jesus ' cell - night a palm -size lamp burn as Jesus straighten he room . his few possession be neatly laid out for travel . he hear a hissing noise outside the room . stops. listen . he cautiously open the door and step into the corridor . CUT to : int . monastery corridor - night Jesus strain to see : jesus hello ? suddenly a arm grab Jesus from behind and throw he against the wall . juda stand in front of he , panting , he double - edge dagger in he hand . his red face glisten with anger . juda crucifier ! ( continued ) 19 , 21 continued : jesus juda ? be that you ? juda welcome . I have come to kill you . I hiss and you come . juda push Jesus inside the cell . CUT to : 22 int . jesus ' cell - night juda lock the door behind he . he throw the ' elbow key ' across the room . - juda do you hear I ? do not start cry . get ready . Jesus , compose , stand across the room . jesus I be ready . juda do not make any noise . do not call for help . jesus I be happy to see you , juda , it be not you that hiss , it be God , can not you see ? this be perfect , tonight , I be cleanse . I be tired of wrestle with God ; I be tired of live . ( open he tunic ) here 's my neck . cut it with you knife . juda back off . he be disgust by the sight of Jesus 's bare neck , he have come here to fig t like a man , to spill blood in a struggle . he put he dagger to Jesus 's neck : juda why do not you resist ? what kind of man be you ? fight ! jesus ( calm ) why ? what you want , I want -- and God must want it too , because that 's why he bring we together . ( continued ) 22 continued : 20 . . juda ( take he knife down ) I put a knife to you neck and you do not blink . what 's go on ? jesus think whatever you want , juda ( study he a second ) ~ okay . you may think I be just a stupid blacksmith . but you talk -- I will understand . who be you ? what do you want ? what be all this storey which follow you ; a flowering staff , a lightn flash , the voice you hear , the fainting spell which seize you ? what 's you secret ? jesus pity . juda pity for who ? yourself ? for Israel ? be that it ? be you torture by Israel 's suffer ? jesus pity for man . juda man ! the Greeks who slaughter we -- they be man , be not they ? and the Roman -- they be man , too . do not pity man , pity Israel . the rest can go to Hell . jesus I feel pity for donkey , sparrow ... juda and ant ? I suppose you feel pity for they , too ? jesus yes . everything 's a part of God . when I look into the ant , into he shiny black eye , I see God . ( continued ) 22 21 . continued : ( 2 ) juda you do not fear death ? jesus why should I ? death be not a door which close ; it 's a door which open . it open and you enter . juda , confuse , lower he knife : juda if I do not kill you , what will you do ? jesus I do not know . li want to speak to other , juda what be you go to say ? jesus ( shrug ) I will just open my mouth and God will do the talk . juda waver between confusion and anger . he look at Jesus : he see a glow behind he head . he no longer have any taste for this task . . jesus what be you wait for juda ? juda who be you ? maybe you be the one who will make the people rise up against the Roman . maybe you be the one we have be wait for . jesus maybe God do not send you to kill I . maybe he send you here to follow I . I be ready to be kill : I be also ready to live . decide . juda be in a quandry : juda do not be in such a rush . it 's a long night . ( pause ) you be a strange one , ( more ) ( continued ) 22 23 24 22 , continued : ( 3 ) juda ( cont 'd ) I will tell you what I be go to do . I be go to sleep down here by the door and think about it , you turn you head away from I . I need more time to think , Jesus lie on he mat , he face to the wall . juda sit , he back to the door , think . he put he knife away . CUT to : ext , galilee - day juda and Jesus walk across the plain toward magdala . a wind blow across the Sea of gennesaret . on the hillside , the flower -- red anemone and white narcissus -- be in bloom . . Jesus , bearded , be dress in monastery white . for the first time he look like familiar Jesus of romantic paint - ing . the meager possession be wrap in cloth . juda and Jesus appear to home come to a understanding . CUT to : ext . magdalene's house - day Zebedee , James , John , Philip and two other approach the house . two camel , they hamper pack , be tie outside . the building be construct of wood and black basalt rock . zebedee ( point to camel ) can you believe this ? it 's bad enough we live in a whorehouse , but she , a Jew , work on sabbath , while we woman can not even look in a mirror , she make ' love ' with Roman . Zebedee 's voice be raise . a crowd start to gather . tabas , a Zealot and trouble - maher , join with two companion . tabas yeah , we come back from synagogue and and lock the other way . a woman stand across the narrow street : woman of magdala you ought to see the thing I see . I be too poor to move , so I have to put up with it . 24 25 23 . continued : zebedee you should not move . tabas the whore should move . tabas ' companion let 's put a end to it . tabas and he companion bang on magdalene 's door . the grow crowd egg they on . cut to : ext . magdala - day Jesus and juda enter the village . the street be quiet . it be sabbath . ahead , they hear a commotion . jesus what be it ? juda let 's find out . they hurry through the street until they come to a clear . a mob have assemble around a shallow pit . juda , the man of action , push he way through the crowd . Jesus .follow . Mary magdalene lie in the pit , she knee and elbow be bloody from be drag down the street . terrify . the crowd , in a festive mood , hurl insult and spit at she . Children collect rock for a stone . jesus ( to juda ; urgent ) it 's magdalene . Jesus step into the center of the pit , stand next to magdalene and hold up he hand : jesus stop ! first there 's a stunne silence , then a buzz run through the crowd . no one be more surprised than juda . he watch closely . in the crowd Philip and Peter have join Andrew and John . tabas call out : ( continued ) 25 24 . continued : tabas get out of the way . she violate the sabbath . she must pay the price . a small anonymous stone hit magdalene 's hip . she grab Jesus ' leg . magdalene help ! zebedee ( chant ) death ! death ! death ! Jesus walk in a circle around magdalene . he stare she accusor in the eye . jesus listen to I ! look I in the face . which of you have not steal , lie , murder ? let the one without sin throw the first stone . the crowd be freeze , Zebedee pick up a large rock . zebedee I be not afraid . I be innocent . jesus ( step up to he ) do not make a mistake , Zebedee . there be a God . do not tell I you have never cheat a employee , snuck into a widow 's bedroom at night ? be not you afraid God will paralyze you if you lift that stone ? at you hand will wither and hang at you side ? . the old man be suddenly fill with fear and superstition . Zebedee drop the rock and run . the sympathy of the mob shift to Jesus . juda be hearten . perhaps this be the leader to unite the people . tabas and he companion start toward Jesus , but juda step between they , brace for action . the crowd , afraid of juda , back away . Jesus help Mary to she foot . juda call to the crowd : ( continued ) 25 26 25 . continued : ( 2 ) juda 12 . come , follow the rabbi . '' he will speak , juda , Jesus and magdalene walk away from the pit toward the outskirt of town . a large segment of the crowd follow . one villager whisper to another : villager what 's happen ? be magdalene get marry ? cut to : ext . hillside in magdala - day Jesus and juda lead the curious crowd up a steep , green hillside . in the distance the sun be low over mt. hebron . magdalene sit near Jesus ' foot ; juda stand in the back - ground . the crowd wait to hear what Jesus have to say . Jesus look out over the racamuffin villager , the peaceful countryside : jesus ( v.0 . ) this be the moment I have always fear . there be so much to say . God have so many miracle . a pause . the word burst out : jesus Brothers ! I be glad to see you . let I tell you a story . a man , a sower , be sow in he field . one seed fall on the road -- the brid eat it . another fall on stone and die . but another take root , sproute , become grain and feed many people . ( pause ) do not you have ear ? do you hear I ? zebedee ( beligerent ) I get ear , but I do not understand . be clearer . Jesus think , then say softly : jesus I be the sower . ( continued ) 26 26 . continued : zebedee : God help we ! I suppose we be the stone ? a moment of confusion . Zebedee say to that near he : zebedee another beggar . John , a open-face , fuzzy - cheek boy about 19 , leave he father and approach Jesus : JOHN rabbi , tell I . if you be the sower and we be the stone , what be the seed ? Jesus be baffle ; he have no answer . John repeat the question : JOHN what be the seed you offer ? the answer come to Jesus : jesus Love one another . Love one another ! the crowd whisper : " what do he say ? " " Love each other ? " tabas that 's stupid . we be starve . torture . hungry . how can hungry people love each other ? juda ( step forward ) yes , ' rabbi , ' be this what I have be wait for ? Love one another ? T suppose that mean love the Roman too jesus I use to think God be angry , but not any more . he use to jump on my head like a crazy bird with claw . but then he come to I like 2 cool breeze and say , ' arise 's -- and here I be . zebedee go to hell ! ( continued ) 27 . 26 continued : ( 2 ) tabas pie in the sky . Jesus , speak rapidly , go directly to the social concern of the mob : jesus bless be that who hunger and thirst after righteousness , for they stomach will be fill with bread . bless be that who mourn , for God will comfort they . bless be the meek , the suffer , for God will give they a kingdom in heaven . Jesus be now talk like a prophet -- a Zealot . the dirt - poor villager be agitate : " yes , we will get the wealth of the rich ; we will get Israel back . " first voice let 's kill the rich ! . second voice why bother with the rich ? kill the Roman ! jesus ( protest ) I do not say death . I say love ! the crowd , incite by rhetoric and hunger , disperse in search of shop to plunder . zebedee ( motion to he son ) come on , let 's get out of here . JOHN no . go on without I . John and Andrew stay behind with Peter , Philip and juda . Jesus wipe Mary magdalene 's bloody foot with he tunic . magdalene rabbi . I will come with you . you need someone to cook and ... jesus no . go back home and be a example . he help she to she foot , kiss she forehead . CUT to : 27 28 . ext . sea of gennasaret - day another day . Jesus lead he little band along the seashore : Peter , John and Andrew walk with Jesus ; juda and Philip follow . two peasant woman , a street urchin and a couple of dosz bring up the rear . they approach Zebedee who mend he net with James , Nathaniel and two other fisherman . philip hello Zebedee . zebedee ( to John ) where have you be ? we have be work all morning . John step over to he brother : JOHN come with we . believe I -- this be for real . just what we talk about . philip ( join in ) you do not have to work for you old man anymore . jame but I tell Nathaniel I would go to he cousin 's wedding ... juda {to Zebedee ) watch out you will lose another son . jesus ( to James ) put down you net . I '11 make you a fisher of man . James do not respond . Jesus lead he group down the shore . as they go , Zebedee call to John : zebedee where be you go ? andrew ( laugh ) to the kindgom of God ! James watch as they recede . he think a moment , drop he net and run to . follow they . cut to : 28 29 . ext . galilee - night the disciple sleep in a olive grove . Jesus , awake , sit on a nearby knoll , look into the night . juda walk over and sit next to he : juda Excuse I , rabbi . I would like to talk . ( sit ) I do not feel comfortable with the other . I mean , they be good man , but weak . they could not defend themselves , much less fight for you . I be a rough man -- hard but honest . who I love , I die for ; who I hate , I kill . ( Jesus do not answer ) I can even kill someone I love if he do the wrong thing . do you understand ? jesus yes . I understand . juda the other day when you say turn the other cheek to the man that hit you , I do not like that . I 'ma free man , not a slave . I do not turn my cheek to anyone . jesus I want freedom , too . juda you do ? you want freedom for Israel ? jesus I want freedom for the soul . juda un-ah . there 's no freedom for the soul without freedom for the body . you know that . the Roman come ‘irst . jesus the soul be first . Andrew , sleepy - eye , walk over , concerned : juda who 's there ? ( continued ) 28 30 . continued : andrew it 's I , Andrew . : jesus go back to sleep . juda and I be have a private talk . Andrew turn and leave . juda wait until he be out of earshot : ~ juda you know the Zealot commission I to kill you . jesus why do you stop ? juda I decide to wait . jesus for what ? juda to see if you be the one we be wait for . I do not want to kill Israel 's savior -- not I . I say , ' wait , he may not even know it yet . 's but do not listen to the other -- they be sheep . it 's you and I who will decide who 's burn you up -- God or Satan , if you waver from Israel 's path , i!11 kill you . do not be fool . jesus how can we know ? I be full of hate when I see they torture magdalene . yet I open my mouth and out come the word ' lov 2 ' . help I . what should I do ? juda ( think } we will go to judea and see John the Baptist . he stand out every day shouting , ' he be come , he be come . ' let he decide . jesus ( nod ) okay . ( more ) ( continued ) 28 29 30 31 31 . continued : ( 2 ) jesus ( cont 'd ) ( a beat ) I be afraid , juda . stay here . juda spread he blanket on the ground . CUT to : ext . galilee - night later that night . juda be asleep . Jesus awaken . Jesus survey the still black night . he pull a apple from he tunic , pick a seed from it and toss it to the ground . a tree grow immediately from the seed . ripe , red apple grow from every branch . - cuut to : ext . cana - day Jesus and he disciple approach cana , a village west of magdala and gennesaret . his '' merry band " have swell to a dozen or so , woman and child include , a celebration be go on in town : Nathaniel 's cousin be get marry . Jesus and he follower be all in good spirit : it 's a festive occasion . Village child run away , announce Jesus 's arrival . he 's become a local celebrity in the past several week . Nathaniel greet James on the outskirt of town : nathaniel hello , James . you have come for my cousin 's wedding ? jame if we be welcome . Nathaniel , this be Jesus from Nazareth , we rabbi . nathaniel yes , we have hear about you . will you bless the couple ? ( Jesus nod ) there 's gonna be a big party tonight . cuUT to : ext . cana - night a half - dozen virgin , freshly - bath , carry light lamp , sing a wedding psalm . ( continued ) 31 32 . continued : Jesus exchange small talk with a group wait for the ceremony to begin . Mary magdalene step next to Jesus . she look like a change woman : simply dress , radiant . magdalene I hear you be here . Jesus take she hand . a old man say to Mary : old man you do not belong at a wedding . we be here to celebrate purity . jesus listen to I . i'll tell you a story . there be ten virgin wait for the groom . five fill they lamp ; five do not . the groom be late and the five foolish virgin go to get more oil . he let the wise virgin in and lock the door , when the foolish virgin come they begge to get in . what would you have do ? the Old man do not respond . jesus ( to Nathaniel ) what would you have do ? nathantel ( think ) I guess I woulda let they in . jesus you be right . that 's what the groom do . he say , ' this be a feast . let everyone eat and drink . ' ( point to Mary ) God 's kingdom be large enough for everyone . old man nazarene , that 's against the law . jesus the Law be against my heart . I ry rno , '' ~~ 32 n ' 4 i ' '' o~ 4 | | ' L ' 33 oo 33 . later the ceremony be over . Jesus , the disciple and the other guest be laugh , drink and swapping storey . ( Jesus ' hand rest on magdalene 's shoulder . ) the wine have loosen everyone 's spirit . everyone but Nathaniel : he 's upset . jame what 's wrong ? . nathaniel I do not buy enough wine . more people come and stay late and now we be out . Jesus point to several large vat : . jesus what 's in that ? nathaniel Water . jesus no . it 's wine . nathaniel com'on . jesus go over , check it out . it 's wine . Nathaniel go over to a vat , lift the lid , dip he finger inside and taste : nathaniel you be right . it be wine . jame ( as a joke ) it 's a miracle . everyone laugh . CUT to : ext . river of jordan - day Jesus and he follower rearch the edge of the Dead Sea . sixty mile south of galilee , it seem like another country . the green hill of gennesaret have be replace by barren plain and rocky cliff . in the background the mountain of moab be pink against the midday sun . ( continued ) ee eee 34 , continued : Jesus take Andrew by the arm . jesus ( with trepidation ) where be he ? where 's the Baptist ? andrew ahead , beyond the reed the river be calm . let 's go . jesus you be tired . stay here . andrew it my be dangerous . I would better come . jesus no . I want to go alone . Jesus walk through the burn heat toward the oasis . juda , who have be follow behind , run and catch up to he . juda you forget to call I , this be the big moment . I want to be with you , jesus come along . they walk down a slope . John the Baptist 's voice echoe in the distance , they push they way through a mixture of lower class israelite , Jesus gasp when he first see the baptist : a wild man , unkempt , unwash , dress in animal skin , he shout in the wind : the baptist repent ! the day of the Lord have come ! Roll on the crowd , bite the dust , howl ! the Lord say : ' on this day I shall command the sun to set at noon ; I shall crush the horn of the new moon and spill darkness over earth . I shall reverse you laughter , turn it into tear , and you song into lamentation . I shall blow and all you finery -~ hand , foot , nose , ear , hair -- will fall to the ground . 's ( continued ) 33 iw '' ' LA h t } '' L ' of ~ 35 . continued : ( 2 ) he 's awesome . even juda be take back . he grab Jesus : juda master , can not you hear ? it 's the messiah . , jesus no , the messiah will not come with a ax in he hand . Jesus walk ahead ; juda call to he : juda we will see . go to he ! Jesus walk slowly toward the Baptist , he eye fix on the prophet . the crowd flail and shout in the manner of modern - day pentacostalist . jesus ( v.0 . ) even from behind , I know I have see he before . where ? when ? be it a dream ? yes , it be . but he be all dress in white . Jesus step behind the Baptist . John suddenly turn at he : the baptist who be you ? who ? jesus ( he voice tremble ) De you recognize I ? the baptist who be you ? jesus have you read isaiah , forerunner ? do you know the prophet ? the baptist you be the chosen one ? jesus I do not know . ( demand ) tell I . the Baptist lock around : the crowd wail in silent motion . a sudden calmmess . he start to shake : the baptist why have you come ? ( continued ) 33 34 36 . continued : ( 3 ) jesus to be baptize . the baptist I do not dare . if you be the master , you should baptize I . jesus I do not know yet . do you duty . baptize I . Jesus kneel at John 's foot . juda look on . CUT to : ext . river of jordan - night Jesus and the Baptist sit on the dark river bank . a group of pilgrim camp in the distance . they be weary from hour of debate : jesus be not love enough ? the baptist no . the tree be rotten . you must take the ax and cut it down . jesus if I be a woodcutter , I would cut ; if I be a fire , I would bum . but I 'ma heart and I love . the baptist ( with evangelical fervor ) what do the prophecy say ? ' on the day of t ord , blood will flow from wood , the stone of the house will come alive and kill they owner ! ' the day of the Lord be here . I be give the ax , now I pass it to you . Jesus , frighten , stand and turn away : jesus no , I cannot . be patient . I will go to the desert . to idumaea . God will speak to I there . ( continued ) 34 35 36 37 . continued : the baptist . watch out . God be not alone out there . devil be wait too -- I know . the Baptist walk over to Jesus . jesus Goodbye , Baptist . John kiss Jesus on the mouth . jesus ( v.0 . ) his tongue feel like a burn coal in my mouth . the baptist do not be afraid . you be the one . two road open up in front of you : the road of man , the road of God . take the more difficult one . make you arm strong . Strike ! Jesus walk away , not look back . cuut to : ext . idumaea desesrt - sunset Jesus run across the desert as if pursue , he stop , pants , continue . CUT to : ext . desert - day the next day . Jesus wander through the wild , uninhabited terrain . the sun , like a blast furnace , blow sand into he ace , he sit beside a large rock : jesus ( v.0 . ) I be not go any further . this be it : I be stay here . I be a grain of sand in this desert , God . can you see I ? I have no weapon but love . ( draw a.circle in the sand ) I be not go to leave this circle , I will not leave until you talk to I . and not with hum , or thunder or headache -- but with a clear human voice . tell I which path to take . or else let I die here . fade out . 37 38 , ext . desert - night - fade in . day have past , the hunger and deprivation be beginning to show on Jesus ' face . his clothes be the color or soil . he hear a sound , look into the moonlit night : a large serpent coil at the edge of the circle . the serpent speak in a half -human , half - animal voice . serpent I feel sorry for you , Jesus . you be lonely . you cry , " I do not want to be alone , ' so I come . jesus I do not call you . who be you ? serpent you soul . jesus my soul ! serpent you be afraid of be alone . just like Adam . he call I and I reach into he rib and give he a wife . jesus you want I to do wrong . serpent do wrong ? to love and care for a woman ? to have a family -- this be wrong ? why be you try to save the world ? the world ' do not want to be save , find love , jesus I have love . serpent look into my eye , look at my breast ... the serpent 's voice dissolves into the soft , comforting voice of Mary magdalene . serpent ..- do you recognize they ? say the word . nod you head and we will be in my bed together . ( continued ) _ 37 38 39 . continued : jesus no , no , no . serpent ( compassionately ) oh , jésus . the serpent suddenly explode , leave no trace . Jesus place he head between he leg and begin the sob , as if he have lose a love one . fade out . ext . desert - night fade in . another week have pass . Jesus ' clothes be tear and tatter by the desert wind . he awaken . jesus ( v.0 . ) after ten day the hunger go away . he hear a sound . a lion stand at the edge of the circle . lion welcome , Jesus . congratulation . you have overcome the petty temptation of a woman , a family . we be both bigger than that . a woman 's not enough , we need the whole world . jesus who be you ? lion I be you . I be you heart , you hungry heart which pretend to be humble but want to conquer the world . I will set my four foot down , one in Babylon , one in Jerusalem , one in Alexandria , the last in Rome . jesus I have never want a kingdom on earth . Heaven 's good enough for I . the lion 's voice transform into juda ' : lion you lie . you have always want power . ( more ) ( continued ) 38 39 40 . continued : lion ( cont 'd ) when you be make cross for the Roman in Nazareth , you head be explode with dream of power . you say it be God , but you really want to rule other . now you will . Jesus , shaking , approach the lion . jesus step into my circle , liar , so I can pull out you tongue . the lion step into the circle , and , as he do , disappear . / fade out . ext . desert - night fade in . Jesus lie sleep by the rock . another week have past . he 's a waste skeleton . a blind , hallucinatory light wake he . a archangel stand at the circle 's edge . e angle be a ten-year- old boy , dress in white with soft wing fold under he arm . Jesus strain to see through he swollen eyelid : jesus who be you ? archangel I be the one you have be wait for . remember when you be a child , you eried , ' make I a god. God , make I a god. ' , jesus but I be just a child then . archangel adonai . you be God . the Baptist tell you . join I in power . we will rule over the live and the dead . you will sit on the throne , I will sit at you right hand . Jesus suddenly realize who he 's talk to : jesus Satan ! the ripe tree from Jesus ' dream appear behind the archangel . the angel offer Jesus a apple . ( continued ) 39 40 41 . continued : Jesus bite ito the apple : it turn into bleod in he mouth . the blood drip down he chest . the archangel 's soft feathe wing grow into black , spike flange , tise menacingly above he shoulder blade . the tree wither behind he . the boy smile : angel we will meet again . the archangel turn and leave . Jesus pick up a stick at he foot . the stick be a ax . the Baptist 's voice speak to he : baptist ( v.0 . ) the day of the Lord be here . run and carry the message : ' I be come . ' Jesus strike at the root of the treet with the ax . the sky turn red : there be a deafen thunderbolt follow by a lightning flash . cur to : int . mary and martha be - day the door open . a emaciate figure in tatter clothes etand silhouett in the doorway . mary and martha , sister in they early thirty , tum aghast . Mary sit at a wave loom ; martha near the fire . jesus er.. from galilee . I 'ma foreign I and hungry and need rest . cold a martha come in . mary ( to martha ) lazarus be out . we be alone . ( to Jesus ) be you a good man ? martha ( to Jesus ) do not let my sister 's fear worry you . I be martha , this be Mary . we do not have much , but you be welcome to what we have . who be you ? ( continued ) 40 41 42 42 . continued : jesus Jesus of Nazareth . he stagger into the room , collapse on the hearth . cuut to : ext . mary and martha be - night night fall on they modest bethany home . CUT to : int . mary and martha be - night Jesus , wash and wear a new tunic , eat bread and olive . martha hand he wine flask . sitting by the fire , they almost look like a family wit . martha speak more . we do not know anything about you . jesus what be there to say ? mary silence do not satisfy a woman . woman need a kind word . martha do not listen to she . not even silence be enough for a woman . she want a husband in bed at night . she want a baby to suck she breast -- but what do man know ? mary do you have a wife ? jesus ( think ) no . they lapse into silence . mary this be hard time . the King have kill the Baptist . ( continued ) 42 43 43 . continued : 42 jesus what ? martha it be at herod 's palace in tiberius . the King be drunk . they say he have the prophet behead to satisfy a girl . Jesus smashes he forehead against that fireplace . jesus oh , God . this be the final day . martha ( unable to hear he ) what ? jesus ( stand ) I must go . martha but you have hardly have time to rest . mary please stay . jesus it 's time to leave . he stop at the door , smile compassionately at they : jesus thank you , Mary , martha . God will bless you for you kindness . ( a sad beat ) I wish I could stay . he close the door behind he . '' martha look at Mary , down - cast . a good man have enter taeir life , like a miracle . now he be go . CuT to : ext . jerusalem tavern - night torch light the exterior of a small inn near the sheep Gate . ( so name because the sheep be sell here . ) 15 CUT to : 44 . 44 int . tavern - night the disciple sit around several table . the inn-keeper sleep on a bed of straw . in the corner . jame now they say they be go to kill everyone who be baptize . _ philip nobody tell you to get baptize . serve you right . peter you be baptize , too . beg for it . so , shut up . jame I hear the fishing be great in gennasaret . you just drop the net in and they fill with fish . nathaniel I do not know what 's happen to my sheep . peter so go back , jame we promise the master we would wait here for he . nathaniel it 's be over a month . he talk to the Baptist , then disappear . philip how do we know what the Baptist say ? jame talk like that will get you a swell head -- just like the Baptist . they all laugh . juda interrupt : juda I say we wait . a momentary silence . ( continued ) 44 45 . continued : peter I agree with juda -- and say we have another drink . ( call out ) inn-keeper , wake up ! we need more wine . the inn-keeper sleepily oblige . the door open : Jesus enter . Jesus heart . John sink to he knee . JOHN master . jesus thanks for wait , my dear friend . it - have not be a waste of time . JOHN '' what do you mean ? jesus be you baptize ? peter yes. : jesus John baptize with water and they kill he . now I will baptize with fire . juda be this the message of the Baptist ? reach into he chest and pull out he own bloody he offer it at arm length to the disciple . blood drip from the ventricle . jesus this be my heart . please take it . I lead the way . if you have sheep , give they away ; if you have net , et they rot ; family , child , leave they behind . we be on the march . Jesus place he heart back in he chest . jesus I once believe in love , now I carry the ax . be you with I ? ( continued ) 45 46 . continued : ( 2 ) juda fall to he knee and kiss Jesus 's foot : juda adonail the other follow juda ' example . peter you lead , we will follow . jesus we be go back to Nazareth . we will begin we campaign there . CUT to : ext . samaria - day Jesus and he follower ( they have grow in number ) walk through the samarian lowland . mts. gerigim and ebal lie to the east . 1 . the group advance with determination and purpose . juda walk at Jesus 's right ; Peter at he leave . a cluster of indigent villager , woman and child follow they . they come upon a makeshift asylum for the insane . the man be house in a group of low-lying building . the derange man run toward Jesus , fall at he foot , beg in pitiful jibberish . . juda and Peter try to ward they off . Jesus be angry -- not at the man , but at the evil spirit that possess they . he slap one man , kick another : jesus Satan ! leave this man alone . get out ! ( point ) go into that pig over there . the insane man grow suddenly calm . the disciple turn to watch as the herd of swine , squealing , run cff a cliff and plunge into the ravine . the insane have returm to they sense . most be con - fuse , some praise Jesus . ( continued ) 45 46 47 . continued : jesus go to the temple and cleanse yourselves . that say , Jesus move on , he do not give a second think to the " miracle " he have perform . later . a blindman , lead by he brother and sister , approach Jesus and the disciple . his reputation have spread through the countryside . sister mister , welcome . come to we home . brother adonai . sister my brother have no sight . blind man adonai , help I . Jesus stop . he take ground herbal powder from he sleeve and mix it with sand . he spit into the mixture , then apply st to the blind man 's eye . he look upwards and chant : jesus jeremiah , mose , elijah , isaizh -- touch my mouth , touch my lip . Jesus kiss the man 's mud-cake eve . the clay fall from the blind man 's eye . his gruesomely deform eye be now normal : he can see . jesus go to the temple , tell no one what have happen . Jesus motion for he disciple to follow . they continue talk among themselves . the blind man stand behind , stunne . his sister embrace he . cur to : ext , nazareth - day sabbath . the faithful , fresh from synagogue , mill about under the date palm in the manner of churchman over the century . ( continued ) 46 48 . continued : this be not common people . on the contrary , they represent the jewish hierarchy : the severely moral pharisees , with they belief in afterlife ; they rival , the legalistic saduce , in collusion with the Roman ; and landowner and shopkeeper who support the synagogue . there be a commotion . several of the churchman point in the direction of Jesus and he band of rabble . Jesus mount the rocky crucifixion site . he call out : jesus Brothers ! listen to I . isaiah eried , ' the spirit of the Lord flow over I , he choose I to bring good news to the poor , he send I to set free the slave and make the blind see . " the churchman , curious , gather around . jesus ( continue ) my dear old friend : the prophet be talk about I . God come to I in the desert . he give I a great secret and tell I to bring it to you -- do not you hear I come ? I run here first -~- to give the news to my hometown , the kingdom of the Lord have come ! someone from the crowd taunt he : villager # 1 we hear you do miracle . do one for we . jesus ( impassion ) everything be a miracle . look at the sky , fook at the weed under you foot . the Day of the Lord be here . ' there be only a few hour leave . be you ready ? call the poor and give they you goods before it be too late . what you care about you possession ? you gold and silver will rust and they rust will eat you flesh like fire . you will drow in the sweat of the poor . look above you head . the flame of God be already come down ! ( continued ) ee 46 49 - continued : ( 2 ) the local burgher boo and laugh . villager $ 2 who be you , the son of Mary , to tell we about God ? villager # 3 I remember when he make cross . ( to companion ) get he brother to take he away . jesus what be you laugh at ? be you try to protect you house and olive tree -- they will all tum to ash . ash ! th wh villager # 2 be be what happen when do not marry . the semen back up into he brain . someone throw a stone ; it graze Jesus 's head , draw blood . villager $ 4 go home ! you be full of devil . jesus ( wiping blood from he brow ) this be my home ! Peter and juda rush to Jesus ' defense . juda put he hand to he dagger . peter shame on you ! what have he do to you ? the soil - color poor from the slum have begin to gather around . this be the " be ha-aretz , " the destitute lower class oppress by wealthy Jews and Roman alike . they think : Jesus be right . this be the new law . the kingdom of the poor have come . the rich and poor scuffle , exchange insult and taunt . the scene be near chaos when jesus ' brother arrive with some friend . they struggle to take Jesus down hill . jesus ' brother Jesus , come with we . ( continued ) 46 47 30 . continued : ( 3 ) jesus James , you be my brother . leave I alone . juda draw he dagger . Jesus break free of he brother . jesus ( the juda ) put it away . this be not town for prophet . we will go to Jerusalem ( to Thomas ) blow you horn , we be leave . Thomas blow he trumpet as Jesus walk off . CUT to : ext . outside nazareth - day Jesus and he follower head across the plain toward samaria . jesus ( v.0 . ) if I could touch every stone , breathe on every twig , they would rise up and join I . Jerusalem be fall . I can feel it . he turn to juda who walk at he side : . jesus we be go to Jerusalem . juda I know . jesus not the Old Jerusalem , the New jerusalen . juda a New Jerusalem ! jesus yes , we will build it . see this silly group of fool , cripple , jealous , blind , petty -- this be we army . they will shout and the Old Jerusalem will fall . God can endure it no longer . juda ( look back ) this be not much of a army . remember the maccabee . we will need more man . ( continued ) 47 48 51 . continued : jesus God will provide . juda and Jesus walk in step . John rus alongside the master : JOHN master , you mother be here . jesus what ? JOHN you mother , Mary , possess by maternal frenzy , grab Jesus 's arm : mary ( mother of jesus ) Son , please come home . i'1l take care of you . you be sick but I will make you better . ( to other ) forgive he . help I take he home . jesus who be you , woman ? mary ( mother of jesus ) ( desperate ) you mother . jesus I have no mother , no brother . only my father who be in heaven . get away from I . he shake he arm from she grip . Mary fall to she knee ery . Jesus keep walk . the disciple follow . CUT to : ext . along the jordan river - day Jesus and he ragtag " army " continue they southward march . juda look with pride at they grow number . martha and Mary , dress in black , approach Jesus . he walk . over to then . martha / rabbi , forgive we . we hear you be near . we have walk two day . ( continued ) 48 49 50 52 . continued : mary we brother lazarus be very sick . we hear you have perform miracle , heal the sick , make eripple walk , blind ... jesus ( interrupt ) take I to he . CuT to : ext . outskirt of bethany - day as Jesus , martha , Mary and the other approach bethany , a village woman run to meet then . bethany woman oh , Mary , martha , you have come too late . lazarus be dead . he be bury three day ago . martha fall into Jesus ' arm ; he console she . jesus take I to the tomb . cut to : ext . lazarus ' tomb - sunset Jesus and a select group of disciple approach a row of tomb carve into the hillside . the bethany woman point out lazarus 's tomb . it be seal by a large boulder . Jesus instruct juda and Peter : : jesus Roll away the stone . they elicit the help of two other and lean they shoulder to the difficult task . jesus ( v.0 . ) what be I go to do ? the stone move : a hideous stench gust from the tomb . some disciple turn they face ; other put handkerchief to they nose . ( continued ) 50 51 52 53 . continued : Jesus stand at the entrance of the tomb and yell , his voice echoe : a wild , strange cry , like something from another world . jesus lazarus ! in the name of the prophet , in the name of jeremiah and my Father , the most Holy God , I demand that you rise and come out ! at first , nothing . then , slowly , a dessicate figure emerge from the tomb , he be wrap head to toe in white burial cloth . the crowd gasp , slowly , and with great effort , lazarus unwrap the soile linen from he face . Jesus be frightenéd by he own miracle . jesus ( v.0 . ) be the power of God so great ? if it can raise the dead , can it also move mountain ? can it destroy ' Rome ? tear the world in two ? strip of rotting flesh drip off lazarus ' face , the disciple step back , astound . lazarus smile at Jesus : lazarus adonail Jesus embrace hin , jesus ( v.0 . ) God help I . CUT to : int , mary and martha be ~ night Mary , martha and family friend minister to the feeble lazarus . he seem confuse , not quite sure if he be dead or alive . Jesus pass they and walk outside , cuut to : ext , mary and martha be - night juda , Peter and John be sit at a table in the garden , Jesus join they , interrupt they small talk . jesus Peter , juda tell I , who do people think I be ? 20 ( continued ) 52 54 , continued : peter huh ? jesus you know -- what do they say ? JOHN some say you be John the Baptist , reborn .. : peter that 's stupid . some say you be ezekial , other , jeremiah . Jesus sit down . jesus who do you think I be ? juda my favorite character be David . my mother always use to talk about he . when he conquer jerusalum he put the jebusite to the ban -- kill all of the , do not fool around . gave everybody to God . the same with the ammonite , peter I always like ezekial . juda ezekial ! peter yeah . he do not mince word about anything . remember obolibah -- the Jerusalem woman who make love to the chaldean ' cause they be hang ? ( gesture ; laugh ) ezekial be not afraid of anybody . he just tell the truth . JOHN my favorite be isaiah ... peter ( interrupt ) sex , that 's all it be ... juda ( interrupt ; to Jesus ) who do you like ? ( continued ) 52 53 55 . continued : ( 2 ) jesus jeremiah . peter jeremiah be a loser ... jesus you should have have he gut . he be bear right near here , you know . just over the hill . he say , the ~ Lord would write a New covenant . I will make it with Israel . I will put my law in they mind . I will write it in they heart . JOHN isaiah know right from wrong . how long ago do he live ? juda I do not know . before jeremiah , JOHN no , jeremiah be before ezekial . juda get off ic . ( to Peter ) when be jeremiah ? peter ( shrug ) beat I . jesus ( think ) I be not sure . CUT to : ext . temple at jerusalem - day Prior to the passover feast , from the 15th to the 25tt of adar , every jewish male have to pay a temple tax in the amount of one galilean shekel . since the coin of the land be Roman ( and to a lesser extent Persian , tyrian and syrian ) money - changer be need to exchange Roman denarii for shekel . obviously , they make a profit on this exchange . the money - changer have permanent booth outside the temple proper . to a stranger the temple look more like a brokerage house than a place of worship . Jesus enter the temple grounds with he central core of disciple . they have come to worship . ( continued ) 53 56 . continued : Jesus come to a cold stop : he 's sicken by the sight of the money - changer . he tum to Peter : jesus what be this ? peter it 's for the feast . Jesus , enraged , stride past the booth , overturn the table . scale , weight and coin from all over the world scatter in every direction . the vendor rush to retrieve they money . other vendor and customer turn on Jesus . juda , Peter and the other forcibly fight they off . Jesus call out : jesus my father 's house be a place of worship , not a bank , or a store . the disciple circle Jesus for he protection . the rabbi , surroumded by sadducee , step out of the temple . rabbi nazarene , what be you do ? jesus God do not need a fancy house . he do not need cyprus and bloody animal . for year I use to come to the temple , but now the temple have come to I . sadducee ( shocked ) watch what you say . jesus when I say , 'I , ' rabbi , I be say ' God . ' rabbi this be blasphemy ! jesus do not you hear ? I be the Saint of blasphemy . make no mistake : 1 have not come to bring peace , I have come to bring a sword . ( continued ) 53 37 , continued : ( 2 ) the sadduccee whisper to a associate , then say to Jesus : sadduccee take you idea to the Roman . jesus I be sick of all of you . this temple will be destroy . '' one stone will not stand on another . God do not belong in a ghetto . God be not a israelitel even the disciple be shocked by this heresy . they escort Jesus out of the temple grounds for he ow safety . as they reach the temple gate they be mobbed by the poor and the infirm wait outside . the beggar press on Jesus , pull at he arm a leg . mob member # 1 heal I . mob member # 2 cure we . make we rich . mob member # 2 do a miracle . jesus ( push they away ) get away . you sicken I . you be selfish and full of hate . God will not help you . this new crisis be break up by four Roman cavalryman . they stampede into the mob , whipping beggar and curiosity - seeker alike . the officer demand : roman officer who be Jesus from Nazareth ? jesus I a . roman officer come with we . the procurator want to see you . the calvarymen lead Jesus away , leave the disciple behind . CUT to : 54 58. int . the antonia - day the Roman garrison , the antonia fort , be situate on the northwest wall of the temple . Roman soldier , stand on the antonia wall , could observe all the activity in the temple grounds . the Roman soldier escort Jesus into a open courtyard . pilate , 22 dress in leather and metal military regalia , wait for he on a raise platform decorate by crudely carve eagle . two soldier , spear in hand , flank the procurator . - pilate be you Jesus of Nazareth , King of the Jews ? jesus I be not a king . pilate you be not the messiah ? the people say you be , jesus my kingdom be not of this earth , pilate oh yeah ? where be it then ? in the air , maybe ? jesus in heaven . pilate good . you can have it . and take the Jews with you . they be disgusting . they never wash , you know . the Roman soldier chuckle ; they appreciate the procurator 's sense of humor . jesus God have raise he fist over Rome . pilate ( blase ) Rome be immortal , they tell I you do miracle . be this good magic or bad magic ? can you do a trick for we ? jesus I be not a pet . I do not do trick , ( more ) ( continued ) 54 59 . continued : jesus ( cont 'd ) but I will tell you a vision the prophet Daniel have . a huge statue have a head of gold , its breast be of silver ... pilate ( interrupt ) wait a second , Jew . you be go to tell I a parable . m not one of you goddamn peasant . jesus listen . learn . there 's a awkward moment . pilate ( sigh ) okay , tell I this vision . jesus the stomach be of bronze , the leg of iron and the foot of clay . a stone be throw . it break the earthen foot and the statue collapse . God be the thrower ; I be the stone . Rome be the statue . pilate oh , give I a break . I understand what you be up to . you insult Rome so I will crucify you and you can become a martyr like the other . you kind come and go . how be you go to bring down Rome ? Jesus start to speak , then stop . he suddenly realize he do not know what to say , jesus ( v.0 . ) God , what be the answer ? I do not know what to say . : pilate just as I think . another hustler . do you make any money out of this ? jesus ( v.0 . ) please speak to I . I need word . a pain suddenly surge through the back of Jesus ' head . he hold he neck . ( continued ) 54 55 56 60 . continued : ( 2 ) pilate : get out of here . leave I alone . my wife dream of you -- that show you how stupid woman be . Jesus , confuse , humiliate , be lead away , CUT to : ext . antonia - day Jesus be release . juda wait for he . juda what happen ? Jesus have no answer . he just walk off . juda follow . CUT to : ext . golgotha - night golgotha -- " hill of the skull . '' the name be not metaphorical . in 4 b.c. , two thousand Jews be crucify in Jerusalem in one day alone . the wall of the city hover nearby . juda , who have be look for Jesus , find he alone on the bald hill . he sit beside hin . rgmnants of rotting timber be scattered over the stone . juda I have be look all over for you . for two day you have not talk to anyone . we be heartsick . what do pilate want ? Jesus collect he thought . jesus juda , I have a terrible secret to tell you . ( juda wait ) I will tell you because you 's : the strongest of my companion . only you will be able to hear it . juda thank you for trust I , master . speak . whatever it be , I can take it . jesus you know why I come to Jerusalem ? ( continued ) 61 . 56 continued : juda : yes , this be where the revolution will happen . Jesus sweat profusely , nod . jesus the Lord 's flame be all around I . I can no longer sleep . I come to this rock , golgotha , and lie awake . last night isaiah come to I . juda ( eager ) what do he say ? jesus ( tremble ) he open he book and I read in dant letter : ' he have borne we ault ; he be wounded for we transgression . he be afflict , yet he open not he mouth . despise and reject , he go forward without resisting like a lamb lead to the slaughter . ' Jesus , pale , sink he head into he hand . he start to cry . : juda I do not understand . jesus juda , my dear brother , I be the lamb . I be the one who be go to die . juda you ? you mean you be not the messiah ? jesus I be . juda ( jump up ) no . that can not be . jesus do not shout . it will become clear to you . [ I do not understand at first . juda but every day you have a different plan . ( continued ) 62 . 56 continued : ( 2 ) jesus . I can not help it . that 's how God come to I . now I finally understand . all my life something have be follow I : footstep , voice , headache , a shadow . now I know the shadow be the cross , juda I do not believe you . jesus I hope you be right . be patient with I . tell no one about this conversation . promise I that . juda yes , master . jesus good , I know I could count on you . CUT to : 57 ext . bethany - day Philip and Nathaniel walk along a narrow street . bethany , even though a small village , seem overcrowded . . nathaniel what do you want ? philip what do you mean ? nathaniel when we set up the new government . philip ( think ) well , I guess I would like more sheep . only now a large herd . I would hire other shepherd to take care of they . you know , laban , that man who have a large ranch north of Tiberias ? I would like a spread like that . nathantel yeah . philip how about you ? ( continued ) 57 58 63 . continued : nathantel first off , I '' like to be able to worship in the temple . I mean really worship -- without Roman banner and soldier stand around . philip ( nod ) of course . what else ? as Nathaniel contemplate he answer , Thomas run to greet they , thomas the master have return ! he 's at martha and Mary 's house . they rush down the street . Thomas lead the way . CUT to : ext . mary and martha' house - day the disciple sather around Jesus in the courtyard . Mary and martha serve olive , bread , cheese and water . the disciple be in a festive mood as Thomas , Philip and Nathaniel enter . Jesus , although the center of attraction , be strangely silent , the newcomer eagerly greet he . juda and magdalene confer in the corner of the courtyard . magdalene what 's bother he ? tell I . teca not , he swore I to secrecy , magdalene you can tell I . I would never breathe a word , juda no , magdalene why do he choose you anyway ? you be nothing but a trouble - maker . |. ( continued ) 38 64 , continued : juda . who do you think he should have choose ? that windmill Peter ? maybe that idiot John ? maybe even you -- a woman ! he choose I because I be strong . magdalene , hurt , go inside the house . juda walk over to Philip who be stand alone . juda do you have you dagger ? philip yes . juda good . carry it all the time . the messiah be go to march on Jerusalem next sabbath . philip he be ? juda he tell I . how many man can you et together ? I know about a lozen . I mean strong man , willing to die , philip from bethany and jericho , maybe five or six . but they be all Zealot , juda good , go and get they . we will need all the man we can pet when we go to Jerusalem . if there 's enough of we , we will get more inside the city . there be a commotion where Jesus sit . they turn and look . magdalene , have wash Jesus ' foot and dry they with she hair , now anoint they with perfume . Thomas , ever the merchant , object : thomas master , why do you let she do this ? we could have sell this perfume and give the money to the poor . ( continued ) 58 59 65 . continued : ( 2 ) Jesus speak with a new air of authority : ' quieter , but more forceful . jesus : you will always have the poor , Thomas , but you will not always have I . Jesus bend over and kiss the top of magdalene 's head . then he take she hand , instruct she to rise . JOHN I do not like it , rabbi . the perfume make you smell like you be already dead and wait to be bury . jesus - do not be so afraid of death , John . death be a key ; it open the door . ( to magdelen here , sit beside I . I be lonesome . tell I storey about when we be child . magdalene sit beside Jesus , Mary hand he a wine flask . he take a sip and pass it on . CUT to : ext . outside jerusalem - day Jesus be on the march . juda , Philip and Peter lead a group of ruffian twenty strong . behind they the disciple and the entourage follow . Philip turn to juda : philip I be worried about Jesus . juda you do not know he like I do , it look likz he blow this way , then the other , but when the time come , he will give the command . his indecision be over , philip ( look around ) there be not many of we , ( continued ) 59 60 66 . continued : juda just wait . when Jesus call , there 's gonna be such a mob you will have to push you way through . behind they , John , Andrew and Thomas argue : thomas I be not afraid . . JOHN . then do not act like it . thomas I will do anything the master ask -- anything but get crucify . andrew you be a coward , thomas I would like to see you say that after you have be hang up there two day and the crow come by and pull out you eye . JOHN I make my decision . if you can not make yours , leave now . but the Kingdom lie ahead . thomas ( touch he chest ) I be ready . I have my knife . CUT to : ext . jerusalem - day Jesus and he follower pass through sheep 's Gate . they arrival have be herald in advance : crowd line the narrow road into the city . the mob have come prepare , palm branch in hand . they throw the branch in front of Jesus ' processional , someone provide a donkey , another throw a blanket over its back . Jesus climb astride the mule . the crowd cheer as Jesus and the disciple pass : " Hosanna , hosanga ! " Jesus ' follower be perhaps a hundred strong . ( continued ) 60 67 . continued : a new chant 's -- abetted by juda and he follower -- go up : ' Jesus of Nazareth , King of the Jews ! " the procession move down the cobblestone lane toward the temple until it reach Solomon 's Porch , Jesus dismount and look around . outside the temple wall , stall occupy every nook and cranny . hundred of people be sell , buy , bargain , hawk they ware : merchant , money - changer , innkeeper , prostitute . Jesus , full of rage , follow by the disciple , sweep down on the wine stand and workshop , overturn the table , strike the tradesman with he goad . jesus . get out ! away ! the mob enthusiastically follow suit , looting stall and rout merchant , jesus ( v.0 . ) God , whatever you plan , tell I now , quickly -- while I have the strength . Jesus enter the temple grounds . this be he moment . the whole world wait . he call out : jesus I have come to set fire to the world ! in the desert the Baptist say , ' repent , repent ! ' the Day of the Lord be come ! ' but I say it 's already too late to repent . the Day of the Lord be already here . T be the Day of the Lord . 1 come with the baptism of fire ! the ragamiffin reply : " Fire ! Fire -- burn it 411 down ! " the temple guard ( usually levite ) 26 grab they lance and sword . juda ' cohort draw they weapon . Battle be imminent . the pave stone will soon be cover with jewish blood . suddenly , the Roman sentries blow they trumpet from the antonia tower . caiaphas , the high priest , command the Temple Guards to put down they weapon and withdraw . ( continued ) 60 68 . continued : ( 2 ) there be no longer anyone for the rebel to attack : the levite be in the temple , the Roman in the palace . Peter grab a torch from the wall : saul , a man of tarsus , stand by caiaphas . peter let 's go ! now 's the time . although he follower have numerical strength , Jesus temain passive . the disciple turn to he -- wait for a signal . instead , Jesus look at the ground . juda master , give we the signal . peter decide ! Jesus close he eye . John come up to he : JOHN if you do not give the sign now , we be finish . what we have do - today mean death . jesus ( v.0 . ) I be also wait . put the ax in my hand . philip we come to fight . Jesus look at he hand : blood ooze from he palm . he close he fist to hide the stigmata . jesus ( to juda ) come beside I . juda put he arm around Jesus : 's what 's wrong ? we mst not let they be ashamed of we . jesus stay by my side . he wave to the disciple , jesus com'on . let 's go . the disciple , confuse , in shock , turn to follow Jesus . one of the spectator throw a olive at they . the '' revolt " be a fiasco , ( continued ) 69 . 60 continued : ( 3 ) andrew what 's happen ? James lead the donkey . Peter hurry alongside Jesus and juda . peter ( to juda ) can not you see the mess we be in ? jesus Peter , I want you to prepare for the paschal dinner . ( to other ) before we ancestor leave Egypt , they celebrate passover . we will celebrate the New passover before we escape from slavery . the crowd begin to dissipate . the show 's over . peter but , rabbi , passover without a lamb be impossible . where will I get it ? jesus ( bitter ) the lamb be ready . at this very moment he 's proceeding to the slaughter all on he own . do not worry about the lamb . CUT to : 61 ext . jerusalem - sunset the city be alive with passover preparation . one house - holder light he lantern ; another hurrjg down the street with a basket of bread and fruit . Jesus and juda walk past a fountain in a small square . they watch suspiciously as a woman draw a bucket of water . they stop at a select spot between two tree . John approach : JOHN Peter say to tell you everything be ready for passover . jesus thanks . tell he we will be right there . joen be sure to take the alley route . the Roman be look all over for we . ( continued ) 70 . 61 continued : Jesus nod . after John leave , Jesus turn confidentially to juda : jesus try to be brave , I be try too . . juda be you sure there 's no other way ? jesus ( shake head ) no. I be sorry . juda no other way ? jesus I would have like another one , too . I keep hope -- until now . there be no other way . the end of the world be here . this world , the kingdom of Satan , will be destroy and the kingdom of heaven will come . how ? by my death . juda it will not let you die . Jesus grasp he arm and say sternly : jesus you once make I a promise . you say if I ever stray , if I ever shy away from revolution , you would kill I . remember ? | ( juda nod ) I have stray , have not I ? juda yes . jesus then you must keep you word . go to caiaphas . the Temple Guards want to arrest I where there be not any crowd . tonight we will be in gethsemane . arrange for they to find I at the three - rock point . juda no , I could not . jesus you must . do not abandon I now . juda but if you be I , could you betray you master ? ( continued ) 61 62 71 . continued : ( 2 ) jesus ( think ) no . but that 's why God give I the easier job -- to be crucify . juda do the other know ? jesus no , I will tell they tonight . night have fall . Jesus and juda take a circuitous route toward the meeting place . the traditional passover psalm echoe from behind close door they pass . CUT to : int . upper room - night juda tap a secret knock . Peter open the door cautiously and let they enter . a high window let moonlight into the large room . Three seven-branched candelabra illuminate the lamb , wine and unleavened bread . the disciple be seat on cushion around three side of a square table . the fourth be open to facilitate serve . Jesus take he place at the center of the table . Mary , martha and magdalene have all come to Jerusalem to celebrate the festival with Jesus and he disciple and prepare the ritual meal . Jesus fill the disciple 's cup from a pitcher of salt water . jesus first we must drink salt water to remember the tear and pain we ancestor suffer in the land of Egypt . Jesus swallow he drink in a single gulp . Mary bring a tray of bitter herb proscribe by jewish law : oregano , bay and savory . Jesus watch as the disciple eat : jesus passover celebrate the passage from slavery to freedom . tonight 's passover go even further : it celebrate the passage from death to eternal life . I will lead the way , you will follow . ( more ) ( continued ) 62 continued : 72 . jesus ( cont 'd ) ( to Matthew ) John , you know the prophet . isaiah say , ' he have neither beauty nor luster that we would turn we eye to he . he be despise and reject by I ... ' JOHN ( continue ) " ... but he take on himself all we pain . he be wounded for we transgression and with he stripe we be heal . ' jesus ( interrupt ) ' , .. he be scourge and afflict yet , like a lamb lead to the slaughter , he open not he mouth . ' {a beat ) my dear , wonderful friend . I be the lamb . and I will not open my mouth . the disciple exchange fearful glance . philip I do not understand . we do not come to Jerusalem to die , we come to rule . peter if you die , I will die first . because I will be at you side . jesus be quiet . what do you have before I find you ? nothing . ( no answer ) : now you have God 's love -- and eternal life . do not worry . you will not die yet . there 's still a lot of work to do . we have not come to rule , but to serve . I will tise from the dead to lead you . the disciple stare in shocked silence . Jesus have either go completely mad -- or he be the messiah . Jesus break the bread loaf and pass they around . he pour wine for the other : jesus take and eat ; this be my body . drink , this be my blood . ( continued ) 62 63 73 . continued : ( 2 ) as they do , the bread and the wine transubstantiate into flesh and blood in they mouth . Peter be the first to cough up the bloody flesh . the other , sicken , follow . they wipe they bloody mouth . John start to weep . Jesus turn to juda . jesus go and do what you promise . as juda exit , Peter say angrily : peter where be he go ? jesus do not stop he . the wheel be already in motion . tonight we will go to gethsemane to pray . CuT to : ext . gethsemane - night Jesus and the disciple , cross the kidron River and approach gethsemane , a 3 - acre park on the eastern slope of the mount of olive . just east of the wall , the kidron Valley lie between Jerusalem and the mount of olive . today , as then , it be a necropolis " outside the wall . " as they walk , Jesus and he disciple pass the monumental hellenistic tomb of " bene hezir " and " absalom " -- silent testimonial which still stand today . as they climb the steep hill of gethsemane , Jesus leave most of he group behind and proceed with Peter , James and John . pass through thick , gnarled olive grove , they reach a clear mark by three boulder . jesus wait for I here . Jesus walk alone until he find a secluded spot . pull he tunic around he , he kneel beneath a ancient tree . Jesus ' self - control , which have be superhuman to this point , melt away . his body shake ; sweat drop from he forehead down he cheek . jesus Abba , Father , we have be together a2 long time . I have have many doubt . ( more ) ( continued ) 63 74 , continued : jesus ( cont 'd ) . I never ask to be choose , but I always obey . I turn on mother , I give up magdalene . I have never have a family , never have a bed to sleep in . I have never make love with a woman . nightmares and hallucination have follow I my whole life . Jesus , exhaust , pause . he look down , take a breath , and continue : jesus you have do many miracle . you open the Red Sea , save noah ; you take elijah directly to heaven in a fiery chariot . now you ask I to take crucifixion and hold it in my lip like a thorny rise . be death the only answer for I ? be there no way you can take this bitter cup from my hand ? Jesus wait for the answer that do not come . he look one way , then the other . the wind blow sadly through the tree . a guardian angel in the form of a nine - year - old girl appear , she set a silver chalice before Jesus . jesus ( v.0 . ) be this you answer ? the angel drink from the cup , then hand it to Jesus . as she do , she and the cup vanish . jesus ( v.0 . ) you will be do . I only ask for strength . Jesus wipe the sweat and tear from he face . he pull himself to he foot , head back . at the three - csock point he find Peter , James and John fast asleep . John 's head rest peacefully on he brother 's chest . Jesus be tempt not to wake they . jesus ( softly ) could not you stay awake with I for just a hour ? Peter be the first to awake . ashame , he fall at Jesus ' eet . ( continued ) 63 64 75 . continued : ( 2 ) peter forgive I . Jesus hear the sound of soldier in the distance . jesus it do not matter . it 's too late . the time have come . Jesus hear the evening nightingale overhead . he smell the vernal perfume of the garden . a feel of peace sweep over he . he smile at James and John as they awaken . juda and a band of armed Temple Guards and Roman burst into the clear . Peter pull he dagger ; Jesus push he back . juda greet he master : juda welcome , rabbi . juda kiss he fiercely on the mouth . Jesus embrace he faithful disciple . tear stream down juda ' cheek . Peter pull he knife and slice off one of the Temple Guard 's ear . this be not random but calculate violence -- because a levite cannot serve as a Temple Guard if he be physically deform . Peter 's reaction be not one of disappointment , but achievement . as if say , " so there . " Jesus push juda unwillingly away , pick up the severe ear off the ground and miraculously restore it to the levite . jesus ( to Peter ) welcome the messenger of god. ( to Soldiers ) let 's go . CUT to : ext . antonia - day Jesus again stand before pilate . he be bloody , beat , exhaust from lack of sleep . a clique of Temple Guards , pharisees and sadducee stand in one corner of the court - yard . pilate I know we would meet again . they tell I you say you call yourself a king . be that right ? ( Jesus do not answer ) speak up . I have the power to erucify you . be you a king ? ( continued ) 64 65 76 . continued : jesus : I could tell you that my kingdom be not on earth , but you would not understand that . however , I will tell you that I hold you , Rome , heaven and earth in the palm of this one hand . he extend arm . pilate , unbely , turn to the jewish leader : pilate where be you Jews when they hand out brain ? the soldier laugh , but the jewish heirarchy will not be distract . 28 sadducee he must die . you majesty . he want the people to revolt . pilate ( shrug ) of course . I do not care either way . just another dead Jew . crucify he -- or whatever else . first have some fun with he . if he want to be king , we will make he one . CUT to : ext . antonia - day Roman soldier lead Jesus onto the balcony overlook Solomon 's Porch and present he to the await mob . he have be whipped ; he white tunic be drench with blood . a crown of thorns drip blood down he face . a centurion announce : jerusalem centurion behold the man ! behold you king ! the crowd hoot with laughter and scorn . Jesus do not react . a begger turn to Peter : beggar I know you . you be one of he follower . peter no . it must be someone else . begger no , it 's you . . peter you be crazy . Peter turn quickly and disappear in the crowd . cuT to : 66 67 68 77 . ext . jerusalem street - day Peter be run down a alley when , turn a comer , he run into Philip , also flee . they do not even speak . after a fleeting recognition , they sprint in opposite direction . CUT to : ext . jerusalem - day Roman soldier lead Jesus through the peasant street of golgotha . like the Zealot of Nazareth , Jesus bear he cross as he struggle across he rocky doloroga . the blood have dry on he tunic . he still wear he thorny " crown . " the sympathy of the rabble have shift . now it 's just another show : a multiple crucifixion . laughter , ridicule , fig for sale . Jesus weaken . his knee buckle and he fall . the soldier conscript a bystander to carry the cross as they lead Jesus forward . . CUT to : ext . golgotha - day a curious crowd have already assemble at the crucifixion site . toward the rear , afraid to approach # magdalene , Mary , martha and Jesus ' mother stand in a tight group . the Roman bring Jesus to the peak of the hill and strip he naked . two other criminal be prepare for crucifixion . Jesus look at the rough-hewn cross laid before he . he search the crowd . - jesus ( v.0 . ) mother ? magdalene ? where be you ? he spot he mother and wave to she : jesus ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) farewell . forgive I for be a bad son . saul , arrogant , he hand on he hip , stand watch . two soldier grab Jesus by the arm : ( continued ) 68 78 . continued : first soldier alright , you majesty , it 's time to get on you throne . they stretch Jesus out on the cross while slave laborer finish prepare the post hole for the cross . jesus ( v.0 . ) do not give up on I . the Soldiers place the crude spike against Jesus ' palm . the sound of metal against metal ring out as the hammer come down . a bloody mist spray on Jesus ' face . he grimace but do not cry out . martha and the three mary hide they face . near Jesus , the other criminal be be impale . the Roman fasten rope around Jesus ' arm . the spike alone will not support he weight . it take three soldier to hoist ' Jesus ' cross upright . now , suddenly , he be above the mass . all of Jerusalem be within view . in the distance he see the temple . the outer veil glow in the midday sun , a blood-re vision . his body jar into place . the pain be excruciate . his fellow criminal howl in agony . Jesus survey the mob : a sea of hostile face . he find magdalene , Mary , martha and he mother stand in a group . his heart go out to magdalene . the sadducee be satisfied ; the Roman be complacent . group of townspeople and schoolboy point out the suffer - ing of the condemn man . jesus ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) Father , forgive they . the sky change color . horse buckle wder they rider ; dog bark . a fierce wind blow across the rocky hill . the earth tremble . spectator turn and rin . Jesus look to heaven . from the depth of he bowel he scream : ( continued ) 68 69 79 . continued : ( 2 ) jesus eli , eli ... and faint . CUT to : ext . golgotha - day the sky turn a pleasant pale blue . Jesus look up at the thick white cumul ous cloud float on the horizon . bird sing in the distance . he think : be I dead ? no , the crowd be still there , silent . on either side of Jesus , he fellow criminal writhe in silent agony . the angel from gethsemane appear before he . he have see many angel in he life , but never one as beautiful as this . her soft blonde hair fall on she shoulder . in the garden he be too frighten to notice she true beauty . jesus who be you ? guardian angel I be you guardian angel . remember when God tell abraham to sacrifice he son ? just as abraham lift the knife , God spare Isaac . you father send I here . he be God of mercy , not punishment . he see you and say , ' take care of he . he 's suffer enough . ' he test you -- and be pleased . he do not want you blood . come with I . in a moment Jesus and the Guardian angel be stand at the foot of the cross . they pass through the silent crowd unnotice . Jesus look over he shoulder : he cross be empty . jesus ( relieved ) you mean I be not the messiah ? guardian angel no . Jesus smile : he be finally free of god. jesus where be the disciple ? ( continued ) 80 . 69 continued : guardian angel they have fle in fear . cur to : 70 ext . judean countryside - day they walk through the pleasant landscape of the Jordan Valley . all be quiet , péaceful . - jesus be this the Kingdom of God I speak about ? : guardian angel . ( laugh ) no , this be earth . jesus why have it change so much ? guardian angel it have not change , you have . you can now see its true beauty . you may find this hard to believe , but often we angel look down on mankind and envy then . ahead Jesus see a group in ceremonial dress . virgin dress in white , merchant carry incense and gift . jesus what be this ? guardian angel a wedding ceremony . jesus who 's get marry ? guardian angel you be . Mary magdalene , dress in white , step from the group . Jesus ' face burst into a smile . he rush into she arm . jesus magdalene , my love . magdalene ( kissing he ) Jesus . ( cont inued ) 70 71 72 81 . continued : jesus : I have wait for this moment so long . ( magdalene start to sry ) what 's wrong ? why be you cry ? magdalene I be so happy . I be cry for joy -- and thanks . thanks to God for bring you here . ( they embrace again ) we must hide . everyone be look for you . pilate be furious . I know where we can be safe . he hold she tight . ext . judean house - night a small hut near the Jordan . moonlight shimmer off the river . the Guardian angel sit on a stool in front of the door . cuUT to : int . judean house - night Jesus and magdalene make love on blanket spreei over straw . he kiss she breast , she lip . magdalene I feel like I have just be bear . qhac this be the first day of my ife . jesus I never know the world be so beautiful . I be blind . ( kiss she breast again ) I do not know that the body be so holy . but now I understand . magdalene understand what ? jesus that this be the road . magdalene what road ? ( cont inued ) 72 73 82 . continued : jesus the road on which the mortal become immortal , God become human . I be so stupid : I try to find a way outside my own flesh . I want cloud , great idea , death . but now I know : a woman be God 's great work . and I worship you . God sleep between you leg . magdalene I want to have a child with you . jesus I too . magdalene hear a noise at the door . magdalene what 's that ? the Guardian angel step into the darken room . guardian angel it 's I . I wonder if I could watch . I be lonely too . jesus ( laugh ) yes , yes . watch . Jesus resume lovemake . cuut to : ext . judean house - day fhe house show sign of domestication : - wine jug , a work ench . magdalene , several month pregnant , step outside to shake out a blanket . saul , a short bald man , walk toward she with three Temple Guards . magdalene sense something be wrong . she look around for Jesus or he angel . they be nowhere to be find . the Guards surround she . saul here she be . the famous magdalene . ( more ) ( continued ) 73 83 . continued : saul ( cont 'd ) Whore of the nazarene . ( grab she hair ) you think you could hide from I . magdalene who be you ? saul ( arrogant ) I be saul , send from Damascus to kill you lover -- that 's who I be . he will not get away again . tell I where he be . magdalene I 'do not know what you be talk about . I hear he die in Jerusalem . leave I alone . saul ( tap she belly ) and where do you get this ? magdalene you be from Damascus . you should know . saul tell we -- or we will kill you . magdalene how can I tell you what I do not know ? one of the levite pick up a rock . first guard stop lie , you slut . tell we . magdalene turn and start to rum . the Guard throw the rock , hit she square in the back . she fall to the ground . saul and the Guards pick up stone and throw they as they walk toward she . saul ( throw ) here 's for the lip that have kiss a thousand man . ( continued ) 73 74 75 84 . continued : ( 2 ) the rock break magdalene 's jaw . the Guard throw another rock . first levite 4nd this be for you wear - out tit ! second guard ( join in ) and for you belly ! magdalene 's blood flow in every direction . saul and the Guards , satisfied , turn to search the house . fade out . fade in : ext . mary and martha be - night the Guardian angel furtively lead Jesus through the desert bethany street . the angel glance one way , the other . Jesus be distraught . he have just discover magdalene 's body . her blood be on he finger and tunic . he try to go back but the angel pull he ahead . guardian angel come . they turn the corner to Mary and martha 's house . cur to : int . mary and martha be - night martha Mary , look ! it 's Jesus . it 's a miracle . the Guardian angel close the door behind they , remain in the shadow . Jesus step into the center of the room . mary ( touch he ) be it really you ? jesus yes . martha come by the fire where we can get a better look at you . ( continued ) 75 85 . continued : Mary take he hand . mary what 's this ? Jesus examine the dry blood on he finger . jesus I be in danger . the Temple Guards want I . ey kill magdalene . martha gasp . mary what will we do ? they will find you here . the angel call to Jesus . guardian angel psst . Jesus go over to she . guardian angel master , I be sorry about magdalene . I will never leave you alone . i'11 always protect you . but I be afraid I will attract attention . I will turn myself into a slave boy . i'11 run errand for you . the Guardian angel instantly transform into a ten-year- old arab servant . he still speak with the voice of the angelic girl . guardian angel ( continue ) I will always be at you side . martha walk over to they . martha you must be hungry . i'11 cook some stew for you and you little friend . jesus ( realize he negligence ) martha , I have be think so much about myself I even forget to say hello . ( more ) ( continued ) 75 76 86 . continued : ( 2 ) jesus ( cont 'd ) Mary , come here . it 's so good to see you again . we be all still alive . thank God . he embrace they both . CUT to : int . mary and martha be - night ( later ) they all sit around the fire . Jesus clean he bowl with a piece of bread . he smile at Mary . martha rub the angel 's curly head . martha rabbi , I like you little friend . jesus ( expansive ) I use to thank heaven , seven heaven be not big enough for I . and now look at this miracle . can you believe it ? a tiny house be big enough for I , a mouthful of bread , the kind word of a woman . mary but what will happen if they find you here ? jesus I will change my name . I will be lazarus . I raise he from the dead , so what ? he die again . now I be lazarus . Jesus look to he angel for assistance . as Jesus continue to speak , he gradually transform into a healthy , virile lazarus . he continue to speak with he old voice . ( the actor who play lazarus assime Jesus 's role ; the actor who play Jesus dub the dialogue . ) the sister watch in astonishment . jesus ( continue ) Jesus be dead . lazarus be reborn . I have change my body and soul . I now declare war on fasting and suffer and chastity . ( more ) ( continued ) 76 77 87 . continued : jesus ( cont 'd ) I be through wrestle with God . I be not go to build cross any more . I be go to build cradle and bedstead . Mary , she eye welling up , embrace he leg . mary rabbi , when I be little the girl sing this song : ' whoever give I a swallow 's egg , I will give he my lip , whoever give I a eagle 's egg , I will give he my breast ; and whoever give I a stab , I will give he my heart . ' Jesus lift Mary up and embrace she . martha sense she be unwanted . she start to leave . martha Excuse I , rabbi . I have get a feel that you will make my sister you wife . but let I stay . let I breathe the air of marry life . I will make the bed and do the chore . say this , martha walk into another room . Jesus and Mary walk toward the blanket on the ground . the Guardian angel sit in a darken corner , watch . fade to : ext . mary and martha be - day year heave pass . a older lazarus ( formerly Jesus ) sit out front hewing a chair . two child play nearby . Jesus 's arab servant sit beside he ; he be still a ten -year - old boy . a neighbor approach : neighbor good afternoon , lazarus ! Jesus wave as the neighbor pass . the servant boy speak to he -- still in the young girl 's voice : ( continued ) 77 78 88 . continued : guardian angel be you satisfied with I ? do you have any complaint ? Jesus stop work , set the chair on its side . jesus : none . what a twisted road I take to find God . guardian angel do not worry . I will not leave you . I like you . Jesus rest in the sumlight . martha walk over to they . she have be wash clothes . jesus where 's Mary ? martha pick olive . she will not be back until this evening . martha pause a moment , then take Jesus ' hand . martha ( continue ) let 's go inside . it 's too hot out here . Jesus stand and put he arm around martha 's waist . martha rub the Guardian angel 's curly head and instruct he : martha ( continue ) watch the child . the angel. smile as Jesus and martha enter the house . fade to : ext . bethany - day year have pass . Jesus and martha returm from market with three of they child , age seven through ten . the Guardian angel walk with the child . ahead , Mary sit in front of the house repair a dress . two girl play with straw doll in the dirt beside she . the two youngest child , boy , race 's toward Mary . one snatch a doll from one of the girl as they race off again . Mary scold they as they go . ( continued ) 78 89 . continued : jesus . we be either go to have to stop have child or enlarge the house . mary ( laugh ) we will enlarge the house . a small group have gather down the road . someone be speak in the square . Jesus go over to check it out . his angel follow . Paul , formerly saul , preach to a handful of villager . 29 he seem transformed : stand straight , radiating con - fidence . he speak with the evangelistic fervor of a born-again Christian . paul I be once a sinner , the great of sinner . you name it , I do it . whore , drank , murder -- yes , murder . then one day , return to Damascus , I be strike by a burn light and a voice call to I , ' saul , why be you persecute I ? what do I ever do to you ? 's ' who be you ? ' I say . ' Jesus , 's the voice reply . scale fall from my burn eye . I be baptize and become Paul , the apostle , and now I bring the good News to every country . bethany villager what good news ? paul Jesus of Nazareth -- you must have hear of he . he be not the son of Mary , he be the son of God . his mother be a virgin . Gabriel come to earth and put God 's seed in she womb . he take on we sin , he be torture , crucify -- but three day later he rise again and ascend to heaven . death be conquer , praise God ! death be conquer and the Gates of Heaven be now open to everyone . Jesus have be rise to a slow boil . he can restrain himself no longer . he call out : ( continued ) 90 . 78 continued : ( 2 ) jesus do you ever see this resurrected Jesus of Nazareth ? paul I see a blind flash of light and I hear he voice . jesus liar ! paul his disciple see he . they be hide in a attic with the door lock when suddenly he appear before they . Thomas be not convinced but he put he finger in he wound and give he some fish , which he eat . jesus liar ! disgust , Jesus tum and walk away . his angel follow . Paul excuse himself from he listener . he and he young assistant follow Jesus down the road . Jesus feel Paul 's footstep draw closer . he 's about to explode . suddenly , he turn on he heel , grab Paul by the shoulder and shake he violently . jesus ( continue ) liar ! I be Jesus of Nazareth . I be never crucify , never resurrected . I be a man like everybody else . why be you spread this lie ? Jesus 's arab servant tug at he sleeve . '' guardian angel quiet . paul you ? jesus yes , I . Son of Mary and Joseph , who preach in galilee . James and John , son of Zebedee , be ny disciple . ( more ) ( continued ) 78 91 . continued : ( 3 ) jesus ( cont 'd ) we march on Jerusalem , I be bring before pilate but God spare I . Jesus 's angel do not like this conversation ; he tug violently at he sleeve . Jesus shove he to the ground . Paul take Jesus aroumd @ corner where they will not be see . paul shut up . jesus now I be a family man . I eat , work , have child . do not go around the world spread this lie about I . ( shout I will tell everyone the truth . now it 's Paul 's tum to explode . paul shut up ! look around you . look at they suffer and unhappiness . they only hope be the resurrected Jesus . I do not care if you be Jesus or not . the resurrected Jesus will save the world -- that 's all that matter , jesus the world can be save by lie ? paul what 's ' truth ? ' I have create truth out of long and faith . I do not ieruagie to find truth -- I build it . £ it 's necessary to save the world to crucify you . then I will crucify you -- and T will fresu -rect you , like it or not . you can stay in you little house . but the rest of the world will look up in the air and see you crucify . they will weep and they soul will be cleanse . the enemy be death and I will defeat death by resurrecting you -- Jesus of Nazareth , Son of God , messiah . jesus I will not let you . t'12 tell everyone the truth , ( continued ) 78 79 92 , continued : ( 4 ) . paul shout all you want . who will believe you ? the wheel you set in motion can not be stop . the faithful will grab you and throw you in a burn fire . jesus no . paul the whole world be before I -- Egypt , Syria , phoenicia , Greece , Rome . you do not know what a joy it be to set out in the morning , to hold the cross , to put hope in the heart of man -- all for the sake of Christ . Jesus seem confuse -- " almost persuade " by Paul 's logic , he mesmerize enthusiasn . paul ( continue ) not you . I be glad I meet you . now I be rid of you . ( turn to leave ) Goodbye , lazarus . Paul wave to he Assistant as he return to the town square , call out : paul ( continue ) Friends ! listen to I ! this be the great day of you life . I bring the good News ... Jesus , exhaust , daze , stagger toward he house . the Guardian angel faithfully follow . ahead Mary and martha wait for he . Jesus collapse into they arm . his angel take he hand . Jesus turn to he " family . " jesus do not ever leave I . I be happy here . fade to : ext . mary and martha be - day jesis be now a old man . ( continued ) 79 93 . continued : his skin have wrinkle and yellow ; he béard , white and thin , reach to he chest . he be now the same withere lazarus that he have once raise from the dead . he sit in the vine arbor beside the house , bask in the midday sun . his Guardian angel , unchange by time , sit beside hin . Jesus turn to hin : jesus remember when Mary and I plant this vine -- how many time have we eat this grape ? guardian angel ( shrug ) I do not remember . : ( pause ) you know , master , the end be near . jesus what end ? be you leave I ? guardian angel yes . the end have come . you have grow old . the sound of yelling and scream come from the street . a woman 's wail pierce the air . Jesus and he servant turn to look . Mary and martha , age , rush from the house . Jesus and the angel stand . . jesus what 's wrong ? martha they be burn Jerusalem . the seige be over . the city be destroy . the Roman be kill everyone . mary we son . where be they ? Jesus take they by they arm . jesus let 's go inside . bolt the door and window . they go inside and close the door béhind they . fade to : 80 94 . int . mary and martha be - night they huddle inside . the cry from the street have diminish . : Jesus cautiously open the window shutter . the street be empty ; the sky be red in the distance . martha everyone be flee to the south . Mary start to ery . jesus why be you cry ? time be like a fire and God turn the spit . each year he rotate a paschal lamb . this year Jerusalem , next Rome , next ... mary ( interrupt ) you do not understand woman at all . jesus I be sorry . forgive I . you must be tired . go to bed . I will be there shortly . Mary and martha retire , leave Jesus alone by the fire with he Guardian angel . there 's a knock on the door . the arab servant walk over and cautiously open the door . he turn back and smile at he master mockingly . Jesus shudder . jesus who be it ? guardian angel it 's you old friend . jesus my friend ? guardian angel you disciple . the angel open the door . Jesus strain to see . four old man inch into the room . deteriorate and unrecognizable , they lean against each other as if hold by glue . the angel sit on the table watch they . ( continued ) 95 . continued : . jesus you in front , come here . a feeble man step forward . : peter do you recognize I , rabbi ? jesus Peter , be that you ? when I be young and foolish , I call you the rock , the rock upon which I would build my church . but now you look more like a sponge . what happen ? peter the year , master . jesus ( point ) and you , Philip , you be so strong and now you have become fat . I love you , shepherd , you have no sheep . you herde they in you mind . philip I give into hunger . Jesus point to the mutilate man next to Peter : jesus and you ? they have cut off you nose , you ear , take out you eye . who be you ? AMES ( bow ) rabbi . jesus James ! jame the Roman tu.cure I and cut away my face . I see Jerusalem burn . I see the ark of the covenant take from the temple . jesus ( shocked ) the ark ? ( continued ) 80 96 . continued : ( 2 ) philip the Temple be destroy , just as you say . peter there be another , outside . philip be careful , rabbi , he 's still the same -- full of anger . a large figure step into the doorway . jesus juda ! ( juda do not answer ) juda , come in . ( still no answer ) have it come to this ? time change everything : man , city , nation , even god . have not it change you anger ? ( step forward ) juda , can not you hear ? peter he 's still pignhead . nathaniel he 's be fight . his hand be still bloody . Jesus take another step toward juda . philip be careful . . peter ( reprimand ) juda , the master be speak to you . juda break he silence with a loud voice : juda traitor ! everyone freeze . juda ( continue ) traitor . you place be on the cross . ( more ) ( continued ) 80 continued : 97 . ( 3 ) juda ( cont 'd ) that 's where God put you . but when death come you get scared and run and hide under the skirt of Mary and martha . you become a fake lazarus to save yourself . peter do not you have any respect ? juda for he ? he be suppose to lead a army of angel . instead he come here to stud woman . jesus juda , can not you be more kind ? juda . rabbi , you break my heart . how can I be kind ? sometimes I want to scream and bang my head against a rock and curse the day I ever meet you . we hold the world in we hand . remember what you say to I ? you take I in you arm and begge I , ' betray I , betray I . I must be crucify so I can be resurrected to save the world . ' the wound in Jesus ' hand and foot begin to bleed . juda ( continue ) ' I be the lamb , ' you bleat . ' death be the door . juda , ny brother , do not be afraid . help I .' juda ' eye fill with moisture . peter look at he wound , juda . have mercy . juda he be go to be the New covenant . now Israel be no more . jesus ( tremble ) but my Guardian angel ... ( continued ) 80 81 98 . continued : ( 4 ) juda , you Guardian angel ! look at hin ! all they eye turn to the arab servant boy , who be now crouch on the table like a gargoyle . as they watch he transform inte the young archangel from the idumaea desert . his black spike wing rise above he back . juda ( continue ) satan. {to Jesus ) shame on you , traitor . the other join in . they spit at Jesus ' foot and call he name : '' coward , '' " traitor . " peter we believe in you . you betrayed we . they turn and leave in a group . Jesus be alone with Satan . Jesus look at the great archangel . Satan float off the table and head toward the door . satan Goodbye , Jesus of Nazareth . I tell you we would meet again . Satan walk into the night . all be silence . Jesus look around the room . after a moment , Jesus walk through the open door . CUT to : ext . mary and martha' -~- night Jesus step on the desert street . the village be still . there be a red glow in the distance : Jerusalem be burn . he survey the empty street . blood still stain he hand and foot . the old man get on he hand and knee in the middle of the road . he lift he head toward heaven . jesus Abba , father , will you still listen to I ? be you still there ? ( more ) ( continued ) 81 82 99 . continued : jesus ( cont 'd ) will you listen to a selfish , unfaithful son ? I fight you when you call . I resist . I think I know more . I do not want to be your.son . can you forgive I ? I do not fight hard enough . I want to take you hand ; I want to save my fellow man . Father , take I back . kill the fatte calf . I want to be you son . I want to pay the price . I want to be crucify and rise again . I want to be the messiah . suddenly the sky turn pale blue . Jesus lock around . CUT to : ext . golgotha - day Jesus be back on the cross , 37 year before . he have regain he 33 year - old nazarene form . ( he be again the original actor who play Jesus . ) the earth be shaking . spectator be run . Jesus be rack with pain . he scream : jesus - lama sabachthani ! Jesus look around , realize where he be . the past thirty - seven year have be a dream . he have resist the last temptation . he look to heaven and say : jesus ( continue ) it be finish . the end | ! i i we satisfy script specialist typing & duplicating _ - 7925 santa monica blvd . los angele , ca. 90046 ( 233 ) 654-5902