foundation screenplay by Jeff vintar base on the novel Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and second Foundation by Isaac asimov twentieth century Fox 10201 West pico boulevard Los Angeles , CA 90035 May 2004 fade in : int . trial sphere -- day Doctor hari seldon stand on a rotate platform suspend in the center of a spherical metal chamber . he be old and frail , but he eye be bright . as the platform spin seldon be display for one and then another and another of the judge seat along the perimeter . the judge be move they lip , speak rapidly into weird ornamental headsets , in never-end consultation with each other . all we hear be a single unsettle androgynous voice : artificial voice Doctor hari seldon , you stand before this court as a enemy of the people . State for the record you opinion concern the future of this planet . hari seldon I have say , and say again , that trantor will lie in ruin within three century . artificial voice you do not consider this statement a disloyal one ? hari seldon Scientific truth be beyond loyalty and disloyalty . artificial voice you say you statement represent scientific truth . hari seldon I do . artificial voice on what basis ? hari seldon on the basis of the mathematics of psycho-history . artificial voice a new field of study you claim can accurately predict event hundred of year in the future . ( continued ) continued : hari seldon hundred of year . thousands . even ten of thousand . artificial voice can you prove that this mathematics be sound ? hari seldon I can . to another psycho-historian . artificial voice of which you be the only one . hari seldon yes . artificial voice how convenient . hari seldon see that I be currently on trial for my life , I would say that it be decidedly inconvenient . seldon smile a little . the emotionless face of the judge watch he . artificial voice the court suggest you prediction of disaster be intend to destroy public confidence in the government . hari seldon that be not so . artificial voice then what be the purpose of you work ? hari seldon I believe we future can be change . artificial voice easily ? hari seldon no. with great difficulty . artificial voice let we pretend we do not question the validity of you theory . how do we save trantor ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) hari seldon we do not . artificial voice now you be contradict yourself , Doctor . can we or can we not save this planet from destruction ? hari seldon the fate of this planet be of no consequence . for the first time even this judge be render speechless . they stop talk into they headsets . listen . hari seldon ( cont ’d ) the come destruction of trantor be not a event in itself , isolate in the scheme of human development . it be the climax to a drama which begin century ago and be accelerate in pace continuously . ( short pause ) I refer to the decline and fall of the galactic Empire . the judge all begin to protest at the same time . the sound system fight to organize fragment . artificial voice treason -- openly declare -- you go too far , sir -- outrageous -- you -- ( settling on one ) you be talk about a empire that have stand for 12,000 year and hold a quadrillion human being ! hari seldon I never say I be glad the empire would fall . only that it will . the platform slowly rotate . seldon counter they hostility with he usual scientific detachment : hari seldon ( cont ’d ) the end be dictate by a rise bureaucracy , a recede initiative , a stagnation of commerce , a increase in political insurgency -- and a hundred other minor factor . artificial voice and when the empire be go ? ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) hari seldon the accumulate knowledge of the human race will be lose forever . interstellar war will wage . galactic trade decay . population decline . world will lose touch with one another , and so matter will remain . artificial voice forever ? hari seldon a second empire will rise , but not for 30,000 year . between it and we civilization lie twelve hundred generation of suffer humanity . between seldon 's response , the judge consult furiously with one another , then come the question : artificial voice can we save the future ? hari seldon a galaxy full of people contain a enormous inertia . the fall of the empire be far too massive a thing to stop . but if the onrush event can be deflect , just a little , I believe we can rebuild civilization in a single millenniun . artificial voice how ? hari seldon I have begin my final and great psycho-historical calculation . the result equation will safely guide we through the event of the next one thousand year . artificial voice let 's be very clear , Doctor . you want the human race to entrust its future to a mathematical equation no one understand but you ? hari seldon yes . artificial voice elaborate please . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) hari seldon my testimony here today be already damn enough for the court to find I guilty of numerous transgression . the tale of my trial and execution will spread throughout the galaxy and a increasingly desperate humanity will gravitate toward my teaching -- artificial voice ( overlap ) stop right there . hari seldon -- study the equation in a futile attempt to stop the fall I predict century earlier . as we current age of science revert back to one of mysticism , the inhabitant of we dwindling future will view I as a prophet and messiah -- artificial voice ( overlap ) that be quite enough . hari seldon -- send to deliver they into the new kingdom that lie at the end of the darkness . Society will , of course , reorganize around this new religion . finally socioeconomic force will secularize the equation until it be the foundation of civil government -- artificial voice ( overlap ) Doctor , we will have order ! hari seldon -- conclude my thousand year plan . the judge exchange shocked look . finally , that voice say : artificial voice this court be stunne and outrage by the scope and magnitude of you arrogant presumption . hari seldon yes . I think you might be . the judge have have enough . they place they palm down on the control pad abruptly decide he fate . it 's unanimous . ( continued ) continued : ( 5 ) artificial voice hari seldon , you be find guilty of treason and sentence to death . the platform stop rotate and seldon be suddenly encase in a column of ENERGY . his calm exterior give way , just a bit , enough to confirm that he fear death like the rest of we do . artificial voice ( cont ’d ) do you have any last word ? hari seldon not at the moment . suddenly one of the judge tear off he headset . he may be the eldest . he look across at seldon , with great intensity : eldest judge you be either the most brilliant man who 's ever live , sir , or the most dangerously insane ! seldon look almost intrigue . as if wonder that himself . hari seldon we 'il find out in a thousand year . ... and he be disintegrated before we eye . the column of energy disappear and now there be only a empty platform . a small automatic arm neatly sweep he ash into a tiny hole . cur to : the seldon equation float in some endless white nothingness . the mathematical string be solving itself , grow larger and larger , the strange symbol appear at a astonish rate . title and credit begin as we race down the length of the expand equation , faster and faster , as if hurl into the future . we pass through number and symbol at random and see image from the next one thousand year of human history : --starship be tear and twisted at the site of a great battle . petrify corpse tumble endlessly through the void . we speed down the equation and : -- tatter survivor make they way down a bombed STREET search the ruin for food . they eat like starve animal . we speed down the equation and : ( continued ) continued : ( 6 ) -- the surface of a planet goe dark as the last of its power reserve fail . one of the inhabitant lift a burning torch . we speed down the equation and : -- people die in agony from some plague , open sore on they skin , disease corpse pile high . we speed down the equation and : --a group of tired searcher force open a old vault and step into a blind white space . see the equation . it have grow huge , rise high above they , like a mathematical monolith . they fall onto they knee in awe . we speed down the equation and : --a hooded priest lead a rag congregation in prayer . a moment later we see they be worshipp the seldon equation . we speed down the equation and : -- a town marketplace grow crowded and wild as trade return . we speed down the equation and : --researcher walk along a rickety scaffolding be build around the equation . they study the strange mathematics and copy the symbol into large book . we speed down the equation and : --a small hill be cover with the slain body of a savage horde . civilized soldier wear uniform raise they flag . on it be a symbol of the equation . we speed down the equation and : -- the image rush toward we , faster now , city rising as industry grow , the population sky-rockete , advanced mode of transportation appear , rocket racing toward the star . the credit end and we slow down , complete we trip through time . we pull back . see technician inside of the equation . the man and woman wear high - tech bodysuit as they make they way down bizarre corridor form by the mathematics . they speak into microphone recording any change in the equation . we pull back further and realize the extent of this facility . the equation have grown impossibly large , stretch endlessly above and below . we hear the voice of a hundre technician in a cacophony of ominous unknowable jargon . and we confirm : ( continued ) continued : ( 7 ) '' 1,000 year later '' cur to : ext . CITY square -- day the planet Haven be a idyllic fusion of advanced technology and natural beauty . in the capital city be a gorgeous square filled with people enjoy a perfect day on a perfect world . somewhere among they be bayta and toran . they seem like any other happy couple . bayta stare up at the sky , and suddenly a playful look come over she : bayta do you think it 's go to rain ? toran what do you mean ? bayta I mean rain . do you think it 's go to descend . from the sky . toran do not be ridiculous . she look disappointed in he . toran ( cont 'd ) this planet be climate control -- bayta ( irritate ) I know , I be try to fantasize . toran about atmospheric precipitation ? bayta step in front of toran and bring he to a halt . she move close , and quietly ask : bayta would not it be fun to get catch in the rain ? toran I be afraid I be not follow you . bayta look frustrated . take he hand , and pull he along . ( continued ) continued : bayta I know this will come as a shock , but there be a time when people be commonly rain upon . toran be this go to be another one of you history lesson ? bayta ( ignore he ) what will the weather be today ... too hot ? too cold ? no one know . toran sound horrific . bayta I want you to pretend it 's start to rain . toran but -- bayta I feel a drop . do you ? there 's another . and another ! toran bayta , please -- bayta it 's a downpour , we be soak to the skin . what do we do , toran ? toran I -- bayta what do we do ?! toran ( guess ) run for shelter ? bayta no , you idiot . you kiss the girl . toran Inside of the rainfall ? bayta yes . ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 2 ) toran why ? bayta because it 's romantic . toran it 's romantic to expose yourself and you partner to inclement weather ? suddenly toran stop , realize . toran ( cont 'd ) wait a minute . I know you . what be this conversation really about ? bayta look pleased with herself , like she trap he again . bayta the seldon plan . toran oh no . they wind they way through the square . toran do not want to have this conversation . but he know there be no way out : bayta the equation tell we the future . toran yes . and without it , Foundation never would have rebuilt civilization in a thousand year . bayta I agree . toran you do ? bayta gesture at the impressive city square all around they . bayta we make it through the dark age . there 's be no war in a hundred year . peace and prosperity have spread across the know universe . the more positive she sound , the more worried toran become . ( continued ) ll. continued : ( 3 ) bayta ( cont 'd ) political , social , and economic conflict be identify and resolve before they even begin . toran wait for the axe to fall . bayta ( cont 'd ) psycho-history have enable we to optimize we future , ushere in a age of unparalleled progress ! bayta turn to he . this be it . bayta ( cont 'd ) and the human race will never again be catch in the rain . ( short pause ) can not you see why that 's wrong ? he think about it for a moment . nod he head a little and : toran no . bayta give up . start walk . toran ( cont 'd ) I have the same quibble with the current Foundation administration as you . but without the equation , the future would be nothing more than a endless series of unknown terror . as a historian you know -- bayta I know there be a time when man and woman face tomorrow bravely . toran and now , we have replace '' bravery '' with advanced mathematics . a more than fair exchange if you ask I . bayta see something and react . toran ( cont 'd ) what be it ? bayta I think we be be watch . ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 4 ) a businessman sit at a table on the edge of the square . at least that 's what he look like , in he conservative suit , with that briefcase on the ground next to he foot . pritcher lift a cup to he lip . he do appear to be watch they . toran hm . what should we do ? bayta well we be suppose to be on we honeymoon , be not we ? toran so , it 's that kissing business again , be it ? bayta I be afraid so , darling . bayta and toran kiss . they look like a nice couple , deeply in love , share a kiss in the middle of this bustling crowd . they pull apart . just a bit . bayta peek over he shoulder : at the edge of the square , that businessman return he cup to the table . read he paper . pay they no more attention . toran be he suitably impressed ? bayta I do not think so . toran but that be a pretty good kiss . bayta it be . toran look up in the air , with : toran and not a cloud in the -- something fall from the sky . too fast to see . it hit the ground with a deafening explosion . the world tilt , crazily . and everything go pitch black . now we see the square in ruin . thick smoke hang in the air obscure the rubble and body . ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 5 ) there be no sound but a ringing . it be the ringing in bayta 's ear as she struggle to she foot . she stumble forward and bayta stare at the people cover in dirt and blood , mouth open in silent haunt scream . she look around , suddenly , wildly , search for toran . he be not here , and bayta stumble . she stare at a human arm reach out from under the rubble . suddenly pritcher be beside she : he be say something , yell , we do not know what , all we can hear be that damned ringing . pritcher help she and they run . up and down the street we see glimpsis of a city be tear asunder . building be falling . they race through the smoke and slowly the sound begin to return . anguish cry now we wish we could not hear . scream . more scare people struggle to get out of the square . bayta see they . she reach out and they be encase in a odd glow . suddenly the people be reduced to skeleton in front of she . bayta watch as the bone fall . she can not move . just stare in horror . pritcher grab she and pull she down out of sight . a line of soldier emerge from the smoke , they face hide under helmet . they be firing . pritcher force bayta into the twisted wreckage of a vehicle . through break glass they watch : the soldier disappear back into the smoke . now a ship fly overhead too fast to see . a explosion across the street and the distant scream continue .... dissolve to : 14 . int . bombed - out HOTEL -- night the hotel have suffer obvious structural damage . survivor gather in the lobby watch static on the crack tv screen . bayta look batter and bloody . her tear dry up . she wait with the rest as a desk clerk try to fix the picture . a elderly couple hold onto one another . a man sit at the bar bury himself in drink . a woman walk the lobby like a zombie . a educate man fight to keep he broken glass on he face , as if to retain some small dignity . Men and woman alike be quietly weeping . a priest move among the wounded . pritcher stand apart from the other . just watch . wait . a harsh whine come over the speaker , and everyone look up : the television suddenly clear to reveal the president of the planet seat at he desk . he look compose , but strangely so , and smile for the camera : president good evening , this be the President . less than one hour ago , I surrender the planet to the hostile force of a aggressor identify as '' the mule . '' some people hold each other tighter . other do not dare move . on screen the President smile : president ( cont 'd ) it be a unconditional surrender . but I say to you now that we world have not be imprison , but freed . soon the entire galaxy will join we in this liberation -- someone hand the President something . we do not see what it be . but the President seem absolutely delighted . he look down at he hand , then off screen , at somebody we can not see . president ( cont 'd ) oh , thank you . thanks so much . and now he turn back to the camera , still smile happily , and raise a gun to he temple : president ( cont 'd ) good people of Haven , it 's time for I to go now . I leave this office with high hope ... and confidence in the future . farewell -- ( continued ) 15 . continued : everyone in the lobby watch in horror . they body jerk at the SOUND of the shot . some turn away and other cry out . the picture go crazy again . a young woman get hysterical : young woman I want to go home . I do not want to stay here . I want to go home -- angry man no one 's go anywhere . do not you get it ?! elderly woman stop yell at she . wounded man I do not understand . what happen to the planetary defense ? how could this '' mule '' just march in and take over the whole world ? drunk man maybe he 's not human . everybody turn toward the bar . angry man what the hell do that mean ?! drunk man it mean we do not know what he be .-.. or what he be not , do we ? the angry man look like he want to go over there and beat the hell out of he , but the educate man suddenly speak up : educate man I believe the pertinent question be , where be the Foundation ? wounded woman help be on the way . it have to be ! bayta and what if it be not ? pritcher watch bayta closely . bayta ( cont 'd ) what if the Foundation do not know what happen here ? what if no one know ? that mean we be on we own . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) elderly man Young woman , that 's preposterous . educate man I agree . the equation could not fail to alert the Foundation to a galactic event of this magnitude . that priest cross himself : priest praise seldon . several of the other cross themselves the same way . repeat . other ( in unison ) praise seldon . the drunk raise up he glass . drunk man praise seldon ! angry man shut up , you -- the woman who have be walk the lobby like a zombie stop , and extend she arm . point . shocked woman look . everyone turn . through the break window we see a group of soldier marching in perfect formation . they stop in front of one of the other building . everybody move to the window to watch . the soldier enter . within moment the frightened people inside the building be force out into the street , and the soldier march they away . they pass under a street lamp ... and disappear into the night . no one can find anything to say . everyone slowly return to they place . finally we get : young woman why do they take that people ? drunk man do not worry , darling . I be sure we will find out soon enough . ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 3 ) he quickly refill he glass . can not get drunk fast enough . bayta step forward and say : bayta we can not just sit here and wait for we turn . no one speak . no one even look at she , as if embarrassed . they know what 's come next . bayta ( cont 'd ) we have to do something . fight . she look around for someone , anyone , who show any response at all , and then see pritcher . bayta take a chance on he : bayta ( cont 'd ) what do you say , mister - -? pritcher pritcher . some of the other turn to see how he will respond . pritcher look around the room . pause . pritcher ( cont 'd ) I say we should all try and get some rest . and pritcher turn and walk out of the lobby . the angry man chuckle , derisively . the disappointed bayta watch he go . int . a corridor -- night pritcher make he way down a slightly damage corridor . he walk with a measure pace , not too fast , not too slow . it 's almost as if he entire body be train to give away nothing . int . HOTEL room -- night pritcher enter he hotel room . the window be break , and there be space on the wall where the picture have fall . he walk across to the window . pritcher look out . behind he the briefcase rest on the table open automatically revealing the supercomputer within : computer good evening , sir . pritcher have you contact terminus ? ( continued ) continued : computer not yet . hyper - channel be block . pritcher send a message via subspace . computer you know how long that will take -- pritcher ( start to dictate ) Captain han pritcher , Department of information , supplemental report as follow : minor political unrest predict for planet Haven have be seriously underestimate . he look at the computer . thinks . pritcher ( cont ’d ) Planet have be seize by unknown quantity code name mule . nature of attack suggest military strategist of unparalleled ability ... or with method as yet unknown . pritcher turn back to the window . pritcher ( cont ’d ) future of this world be of lesser importance to question revolve around the failure of the equation to accurately predict this event . etcetera etcetera . you finish it . computer message send . should I prepare for immediate departure ? pritcher hesitates . then say it : pritcher no . computer no ? pritcher what do I just say ? computer you say '' no . '' be you feel ill ? 18 . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) pritcher I be fine . computer perhaps you impact you head . pritcher give it a nasty look . computer ( cont 'd ) May I remind you regulation be quite clear on the matter . we should return to Foundation immediately . pritcher I know . computer the odd of we get off this planet decrease exponentially after the first 24 hour of occupation -- pritcher we be stay . computer I be go to have to record this incident , you know . pritcher stare out the window . computer ( cont 'd ) you have never risk you life before . why now ? ( short pause ) pritcher . pritcher what ? computer what be you look at ? pritcher turn around , surprised . he do not answer . just look back out the window . from he room he can see through a big jag hole in the roof expose the lobby ... and bayta . cur to : int . ebling 's bedroom -- morning ebling mis be sleep quite peacefully . he open he eye , see Foundation agent stand around he bed , and scream . 20 . int . sterile corridor -- morning ebling pull he robe tight over he pajamas . he look like a old college professor . wish he be still in bed . he lead the grim agent through a sterile high - tech passageway . int . equation chamber -- morning a wide security door open . ebling and the Foundation agent step onto a personal transport and the machine speed they down the weird mathematical corridor of the seldon equation . the number and symbol stretch endlessly in every direction . technician wear high - tech bodysuit , see earlier , patrol they designate zone recording any change in the equation . the floor be invisible so everyone appear to be float inside mathematics . the agent be look a bit ... nauseous . ebling mis it get to everyone the first time . if you be go to be sick , try to use the bag please . he gesture at the sick bag hang on the console . Works the control . the transport begin to rise , quickly take they up to the high level . ebling still view the seldon equation with wide - eye wonder : ebling mis ( cont 'd ) look around , gentleman . grasp the wonder of a mathematical proof that begin solving itself 1,000 year ago , and have never stop run . they continue to quickly rise . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) in all that time we have learn so very little . it be a common misconception that we understand precisely how and why the seldon equation do what it do . now ebling stop the transport . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) we be , in fact , little more than glorify custodian . ( continued ) 21 . continued : they step off the machine . ebling lead the group down a mathematical corridor . he search for a particular section . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) this be the present . everything beyond be , of course , the future . several level above , we can see the end of the equation . it be still solving itself -- symbol appear out of thin air . ebling find what we want . indicate a particular sequence . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) ah , here we go , yes . the planet Haven . so what ? agent we lose contact with the system several day ago . ebling mis impossible . there be a beep . a change in the equation occur in front of they . a common sequence be replace by a strange new symbol . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) that 's odd . have not see that one before -- suddenly the equation begin to transform all around they at a frightening rate . it 's like the system just go totally berserk . they be inside a raging STORM of number . and now a huge chunk of the equation abruptly disappear . the agent lose they balance and fall over . the stunne ebling stare at the empty white space up above they head and all around . agent what 's go on ? Professor ...? ebling can barely get it out . ebling mis it would appear , gentleman , that we future have just be erase . cur to : ext . occupied CITY -- day soldier march through a city in ruin . so many soldier . they face be still hide beneath battle helmet . bayta move cautiously down a street , try to look inconspicuous . ( continued ) 22 . continued : a weak old man trip and stumble chase after a party of soldier , call out a name : old man azi , azi , azi . where be my boy ? he can not keep up with they , but another line of soldier march past , and he follow . old man ( cont ’d ) azi , azi , azi ? bayta watch he . she look up . see haunted face peek out from the shattered window along the street . she try to meet they gaze but the people pull back into the shadow . bayta be almost trample by more soldier . she jump back . see a STREET vendor watch . STREET vendor more soldier every day . his cart be break and barely stock . the man offer she a piece of bruise fruit . he give she a creepy smile , like he know something that we do not : STREET vendor ( cont ’d ) more of they ... and less of we . bayta back away from he . start to walk faster and faster . she reach a large intersection and try to make she way across , but in the middle of the roadway she suddenly stop , look dizzy . bayta try to clear she head . look around . everyone in the intersection be stop dead in they track . batya watch a woman in ragged clothes drop to the ground . now a man . a whole group . bayta look confuse , and then she leg give out . she drop . bayta hit the pavement hard . she gasp for breath . scare . bayta 's p.o.v . the sky overhead be heavy with smoke . she can not move . there be running . someone be come closer and closer . now a soldier enter the frame . stare down at she . he study bayta , then move on . Soldiers be run through the intersection , from body to body , as if look for someone . they stand at attention as a SMALL flyer descend from above . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 2 ) and now at last we see the mule . his true identity be hide beneath the shimmer layer of forcefield that make up he body armor , but we can see that there be a man inside , he feature blurred and lose , like some creepy technological ghost . the mule be always accompany by a unnerve electrical hum . he step from the flyer . the field shift and crackle . a soldier run to he . salute . soldier no sign of the escape prisoner , sir . the mule seem to sense something . turn and look at bayta . she be still lie helpless on the pavement , unable to move , but she hear the grow hum of the forcefield as the mule approach . her eye widen as : bayta 's p.o.v . the mule stand over she , and now he move closer . his eerie undefine face be only inch away . bayta look right into he forcefield and see she own terrified reflection stare back at she . his voice emanate from inside the field in distorted wave : the mule you be not indigenous to this place . tell the Foundation that I be come for they . tell they I be the mule ... he reach a hand toward she . bayta try to move but can not . the mule ( cont ’d ) tell they only the dead have see the end of war . he touch she . horrifying image rush through bayta 's mind , invade she , terrorize she . suffer and death . her body convulse . she yell out . and see that the mule be gone . bayta can move . slowly the people on the road begin to stir . bayta roll onto she side . watch the soldier march away . and now she see something new . long twisted finger be protrude from a sewer in the road . bayta watch . she try to make sense of what she 's see . ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 3 ) the finger grasp the rusty metal grate , try to wrench it open . something be down in the sewer struggle to get out . she crawl to the hole . look : bayta 's p.o.v . through the grate bayta glimpsis a creature hidden in the shadow . she startles it . the thing release its grip and drop out of view . bayta stare into the darkness . she consider she option . no way do bayta want to go down there . she open the sewer cover and slip beneath the city . int . sewer system -- day the sewer be a dark , foul , inhospitable maze . bayta climb down the metal ladder and step into a obscene river . she do not know which way it go . bayta you be the one they be look for , be not you ? hello ? I know you be down here -- she detect movement and stop . the strange thing , whatever it be , hang back in the deep recess . but its eye catch the light . bayta move closer . bayta ( cont 'd ) my name be bayta . w-what 's yours ? the creature continue to move along the wall , hide itself . a gravelly little croak come : the voice I do not know . bayta you do not know you name ? a sudden burst of odd laughter . the voice he call I '' magnifico . '' bayta who call you that ? the voice the mule do . to mock I . ( continued ) 25 . continued : bayta why be he look for you ? the eye burn with hate in the dark . that voice grow angry : the voice why do you think ? to find I ! to start the hurt ! bayta lose track of the creature . she move deeper into the sewer try to follow the voice . bayta he torture you ? the voice yes . she turn at the sound . follow . bayta why do he torture you ? the voice because I have see it . bayta see what ? the voice see he face ! the creature be right beside she . bayta stop . reaches out . bayta can I see you face ? the voice no ! go away ! it come out of the dark like a growl . bayta can not help but tense up . still she stand firm . bayta I be not go anywhere until you step into the light . the voice you do not want to see I . bayta yes I do . ( continued ) continued : 26 . ( 2 ) the voice I will frighten you . terrify you . bayta will you ? the voice yes ! 1I x11 kill you ! bayta I do not think so . the voice ( softer ) why not ? bayta because if you be dangerous ... I have already be dead . bayta stand there . Arm extend . a tremble hand with long skinny finger reach out of the blackness . slowly it take she hand , and now magnifico step into the light . he be ugly and deform ... but not a monster . magnifico smaller . she look be short . his twisted spine make he appear even his face be age but he act like a frighten boy . at he with compassion . it 's not what he expect . bayta ( cont 'd ) I want to take you somewhere , magnifico . you want to come ? magnifico ( cautious ) where ? bayta out of the sewer . and then , if we be lucky , to a planet at the edge of the galaxy . magnifico and you want to take I there ? bayta yes . magnifico why ? ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 3 ) bayta so you can tell everyone what you know about the mule . magnifico look like he 's in pain , or remember be in pain . he jerk a little and : magnifico will there be place to hide ? bayta you will not need to hide anymore . magnifico yes I will . and you too . bayta then we will hide together . he think about it , very unsure . now footstep echo through the sewer . they see the distorted shadow of pursue soldier spread over the tunnel wall . magnifico he 's come ! magnifico be one second away from flee into the dark never to be see again . she know it . bayta ( talk fast ) I need you to hold onto my hand , and not let go . you understand ? ( short pause , and try : ) if you let go I 'il be all alone . he look at she . some part of he respond , and he hold on , previously undiscovered courage flash across he ignoble face . he take a brave stance . magnifico do not be scared , magnifico will hold you hand . and they run off down the tunnel . they do not get far before the wall fill with more shadow block they escape . bayta and magnifico look around . see another passage and hurry inside . ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 4 ) they find a ladder to the surface . they start to ascend but see soldier stand guard on the STREET above . they duck out of sight , and keep on move . they emerge into a larger tunnel and bolt across the open space for the far side . a group of soldier hear they , and for a moment , bayta and magnifico be bath in bright light . they run inside another open . they find a second ladder lead to the surface , but it 's guard just like the first one . the sound of footstep grow louder as the soldier close in . bayta and magnifico race down a final tunnel . they reach a gate and pull on the rusty bar . it be lock . they be trap . they see the silhouette of a man approach down the center of the tunnel . he be backlit by the flashlight from the search party follow close behind . we can not see he face . magnifico start to panic . pull wildly on the gate . bayta look for the lock mechanism . and then she see it . on the other side of the gate be a extremely long tunnel , and down at the far end , almost too small to see , be a tiny keyhole . bayta 's face lose all hope . magnifico stop fight . he slide to the floor , whimpering . the sound of pursuit echo through the tunnel . like a whole army be come for they . the silhouett man move closer . we still can not make he out .... bayta turn to face the man and he step closer . it 's pritcher . bayta can not believe she eye . pritcher do not bother with hellos . he move past she , look through the gate , and set he briefcase down on the ledge . a light on the edge of the case blink as the computer talk : computer please remain calm while we initiate you rescue . ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 5 ) bayta watch pritcher pull out a strange gun . he extend the barrel to make it longer , look through the gate again , and make the barrel even longer . computer ( cont ’d ) distance to the lock mechanism be seventy meter . bayta watch he work and the truth be beginning to sink in : bayta how do you get here ? be you follow I ? he pull out a little soft blob of some kind of material , mold it into the shape of a bullet -- and load the chamber . pritcher aim through the gate at the keyhole on the far end . bayta ( cont 'd ) who be you ?! he do not answer she . just concentrate on make the shot . bayta turn and see the light getting closer . the soldier be almost here . not much time . pritcher stare down the barrel . computer as a point of interest , we will be apprehend in approximately twenty second . the soldier be nearly on they . magnifico shoot it now ! pritcher stare down the barrel . and he fire . the bullet speed down the long tunnel into the keyhole . the soft bullet material splatter inside the lock , and triggers the tumbler . the gate click and swing open . they run through the open gate and disappear down the tunnel . 30 . ext . occupied CITY -- day a sewer cover swing open . pritcher , bayta , and magnifico climb out into a narrow alley . look around . magnifico be cling tightly to bayta 's hand . they run down the length of the alley . look over the street : they see a group of soldier stand watch at either end of the block . they bolt for the alley directly across the road . the soldier be look the other way and do not notice they . they race down the alley and run right into more soldier . before anyone can raise a weapon pritcher drop he briefcase and attack . he move with a almost mathematical precision . a soldier grab bayta from behind . the frighten magnifico want to run and hide . but he see bayta be assault , and can not . finally he let go a wild scream . he charge at the soldier but be easily push away . magnifico land by that briefcase : computer May I suggest you pick I up and propel I in a broad lateral arc . magnifico pick up the case -- and swing it savagely . the blow knock off the soldier 's battle helmet and he go down . magnifico just stand there , breathing rapidly . he look terrify . surprise . thrill . pritcher drop the final soldier . bayta step closer to the one who attack she , like she do not understand what she 's see , and suddenly she gasp . the soldier 's face . it be toran . pritcher hurry to another soldier and rip off the helmet . underneath be the face of a old man . he remove another and see a teen - age girl . he pull off a third to reveal the head of a balding heavy - set middle - aged man . under the last helmet he see a matronly woman who must be someone 's mother . magnifico ( 0.s. ) they be turn . pritcher look at magnifico , so intensely it frighten he . he back away as he explain : ( continued ) 31 . continued : magnifico ( cont 'd ) the mule reach inside you head and twist everything around , and when he 's do , you belong to he . bayta gently hold toran 's head . he look like the man we know except for that uniform . magnifico ( cont 'd ) he be turn . suddenly toran 's eye open ... bayta look at he , hopefully . she open she mouth to say something . and he put he hand around she neck . squeeze . toran 's face be fill with rage and hate as he choke bayta . she try to get he hand off she neck , but can not , stare into that twisted version of a face she use to know so well . toran roll on top of she and pritcher try to pull he off . he hit toran several time and finally break he loose . bayta gasp for air . toran run at they , like a wild animal . a shot ring out and a red hole appear in he back . bayta scream as toran go down . more shot ring out and the wall all around they erupt . pritcher be graze by a bullet . soldier be run into the alley from the street shoot . pritcher pull bayta to she foot . she try to fight for a moment , want to stay , try to get to toran , but he pull she away and finally she run . the soldier be gain ground . still firing . pritcher lead bayta and magnifico toward a run - down old shack . they hurry inside , as if hope to find a place to hide . the old door with a break hinge bang awkwardly shut . moment pass . the soldier approach the shack , cautiously . weapon raise . they methodically surround the building . still no sound or movement from inside . slowly they begin to close the circle . a soldier reach the door and the shack burst apart as a SMALL spacecraft rocket through the roof rise toward the sky on a trail of smoke and flame . 32 . int . pritcher 's ship -- day pritcher work the control inside a small cockpit . bayta be belt in behind he along with a wide - eye magnifico . the briefcase be open and sit in a special cavity relaying data : computer system be go . firing booster in five , four , three , two , one . there be a deafening roar and everyone be force back into they seat . it look painful . through the cockpit window we watch the sky dissolve away . now they begin to see star . the booster rocket cut out and the ship fall silent . they be float above the planet . finally they have a moment to rest . they look beat down , all of they , especially bayta , just stare out at the star . then come the unwelcome beep . computer ( cont 'd ) I have a proximity alert . pritcher what be it ? computer hard to say . they look through the window . nothing for a moment . then we can see that something be float closer , tumble slowly end-over -end . gradually it take the shape of a human be . it be a body horrifically embalm by the pressure of space . bayta oh no ... pritcher , bayta , and magnifico can only watch as the corpse drift toward they strike the cockpit with a ghastly thunk . more corpse be visible drift toward the ship . they be sailing in a sea of the dead . the body continue to hit the hull with a thunk thunk thunk . pritcher can we make the jump ? computer not until we clear the debris field . ( continued ) 33 . continued : magnifico grow more unsettle with every strike on the hull . pritcher try and relax . the good news be they 'il have a hard time find we in here . suddenly the universe turn red as a ENERGY beam slice past the bow of the ship like a giant knife . the vessel shudder . computer they be beginning they search . another ENERGY beam cut through space . even closer to they . magnifico panic . cry out . fights with the strap of he chair . he stumble from the cockpit into the rear cargo bay . quickly bayta release herself . bayta I 'il get he . another ENERGY beam cut through space . even closer to they . bayta enter the small hold and see magnifico huddle in the corner . the ship rock . she stumble forward . he see she . magnifico you lie ! there 's nowhere to hide ! you lie to I ! another ENERGY beam cut through space . even closer to they . bayta almost reach he when : computer incoming . a wall of ENERGY appear between bayta and magnifico . it be strange . they do not understand it at first , stare at one another through a shimmer red wall . and then realization . if have slice through the hull . computer ( cont ’d ) Hull be compromise . activate containment field . the energy beam disappear and : the cargo hold split into two halve . emergency forcefield activate lock in the atmosphere , but bayta can only watch helplessly as magnifico 's small piece of the ship drift off . ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 2 ) he scream out for she but she can not hear he . bayta look around frantically . see a tether line . she think about it for only a moment . take the end . tye it around she waist . pritcher ( to the computer ) take the control ! pritcher bolt out of he seat and start toward the rear , and for the first time something he see actually shock he . bayta be run for open space . she drag the elastic tether behind she . pritcher jump and try to catch the line , but he finger miss by mere inch . he can only watch as bayta run : pritcher ( cont ’d ) no ! bayta leap through the containment field and sail across space . she float past the petrify corpse of the dead and magnifico stare in wide - eye wonder . she drift toward he . bayta break he forcefield and land inside he tiny section of the ship . blood trail from her eye and ear . the vessel in she cheek have burst in the vacuum . she look like she 's pass through hell , and yet , she voice be gentle : bayta hide in my arm . magnifico bury himself in she body . bayta hold he tight . pritcher yank on the tether and bayta and magnifico sail back across the void through a sea of corpse . one of the drifting body seem to watch they pass , stare with horrific eye , its mouth open grotesquely . magnifico never move . just hold on . bayta look like she be not go to survive when they break through the forcefield ... and drop to the floor of the slice cargo hold . pritcher hurry over . look at she . and yell toward the cockpit : pritcher get we out of here ! ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 3 ) the small ship jump across space . through the window we watch the galaxy blur and a new set of star take its place . dissolve to : magnifico cradle the unconscious bayta . he gently caress she bruise cheek , and carefully set one hair back in place . magnifico do you see how she fly ? she fly across the universe , just to save I . pritcher inject she arm with the content of a odd syringe . magnifico watch he work . magnifico ( cont 'd ) ( innocently ) have anybody ever do that for you ? pritcher just shake he head . finishes he work . finally : pritcher you be a lucky man . magnifico watch he walk off . it look like that have a impact on he , like no one ever call he lucky before , or even refer to he as a man . pritcher reenter the cockpit . computer ready for the next jump . pritcher go . the small ship jump across space . through the window we watch the galaxy blur and a new set of star take its place . magnifico be still think about what pritcher say . he look down at bayta cradle in he arm and pull she closer . dissolve to : bayta open she eye . see where she be . magnifico be lie beside she , sleep like a baby . we have never see he so peaceful . very carefully bayta slip out from under he arm . she cover he with a blanket . bayta move toward the cockpit and step inside . pritcher be at the control . he know that she enter but say nothing . ( continued ) continued : 36 . ( 4 ) bayta thank you . for get we off the planet . pritcher you be welcome . feeling better ? bayta yes . suddenly , she look impatient : bayta ( cont 'd ) now that that 's out of the way ... can I ask you a fuck question ? pritcher sure . bayta ( angry ) how do the Foundation let this happen ? you people be suppose to know everything . pritcher let 's review what we do know . pritcher hit a button on the control panel . picture and surveillance footage of bayta appear float in the cockpit . pritcher ( cont ’d ) you be a Foundation - er by birth . Real name be bayta darrel . you be a level 4 historian , and a member of the seldon opposition -.- the so-called '' underground . '' pritcher turn . look at she . pritcher ( cont ’d ) until a few week ago , you be be hold for question on suspicion of conspire against the Foundation . bayta watch surveillance footage of she and toran . they look like they be escape from some kind of prison facility . pritcher ( cont ’d ) you escape from detention along with a fellow subversive you meet behind bar . since then the two ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 37 . ( 5 ) pritcher ( cont ’d ) of you have maintain a platonic relationship while masquerade as a marry couple on honeymoon . bayta plop in a seat . wait . pritcher ( cont ’d ) then the bomb start drop . bayta okay . so you be follow I . pritcher yes . bayta why ? pritcher you seem to have a talent for attract conflict . you be dynamic , vigorous , and lively . bayta be you ask I out ? pritcher I think if I follow you around you have eventually stumble into something interesting . bayta what the hell kind of spy be you ? pritcher I collect information . right now you little friend back there be the only source of information we have regard the mule . she watch he . he go on . pritcher ( cont 'd ) he 's develop a attachment to you . that 's good . but it mean I be go to need you help . bayta my help . pritcher to awaken the Foundation . ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 6 ) bayta ( skeptical ) you think it need to be '' awaken ? '' from what ? pritcher the Foundation never act unless tell to by the equation . if the equation be no longer predict the future we be in grave danger . she smile . bayta why Mr. pritcher , you sound like a intellectual subversive . pritcher for the time be , yes . the computer abruptly speak : computer we be prepped for final jump . pritcher go . ( back to bayta ) that monster do not invade Haven for wealth or territory . he be take the population and make a army -- and now we know why . a subspace transmission arrive while you be sleep . the small ship jump across space . through the window we watch the galaxy blur and a new set of star take its place . and now , there be a planet . pritcher and bayta see terminus . pritcher ( cont 'd ) the mule have just declare war on the Foundation . ext . planet terminus -- day the surface of terminus be barren and hostile . like a large desolate moon . but it hold a population that life in the best comfort high technology can offer -- a dome futuristic CITY that fulfill the promise of one thousand year of hope . 39 . int . council chamber -- day mayor indbar stand at a podium address a large council chamber fill with empty seat . worker be visible on the perimeter readying the chamber for some official celebration . mayor indbar ... and so as we commemorate the end of the thousand year plan , we recall the word of hari seldon ... he see ebling mis step up and : mayor indbar ( cont ’d ) ah , ebling ! you be just in time to hear my speech . take a seat . ebling look like he do not like he but want to play nice . ebling mis thank you , Mr. Mayor . right now I have like to discuss a important matter with you , if I may ? mayor indbar a important matter ? oh , you be talk about that little glitch with the equation . ebling mis I be not sure if '' glitch '' be the term I would use . mayor indbar I be tell that the equation have return to normal . ebling mis well , yes , it have -- mayor indbar then I have say that glitch be a appropriate term for a brief technical problem that have be resolve , would not you ? ebling mis I suppose so -- mayor indbar good . I be glad we settle that . now stand here while I check the lighting . I do not want to look wash out during the broadcast . ( continued ) 40 . continued : ebling do not want to do it , but as the Mayor hurry off the stage , he take he place at the podium . now ebling 's voice be magnify by the mike : ebling mis Sir , the equation underwent a massive system failure a moment after the appearance of a new construct . mayor indbar a new construct ? ebling mis ( explain ) a complex representation that be construct from other simpler representation . a new symbol I have not see before . Mayor indbar stop back up . he stare at ebling on stage . mayor indbar you be a learn man , Professor , but no one can know every single inch of the equation . ebling be get excited . he step to the side of the small podium and gesture animatedly : ebling mis yes , sir , of course . but that 's just it ! this symbol have never come up before . it 's never be catalogue . never appear once in a thousand year . mayor indbar uh , would you move back behind the podium , please ? ebling mis what ? oh , sorry . ebling move back in place . the Mayor do not look pleased . mayor indbar you look wash out . ebling mis about this symbol -- the Mayor stare up at the ceiling . tries to see the light . ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 2 ) mayor indbar ( interrupt ) do anyone else see it ? ebling mis Excuse I ? mayor indbar do anyone see this mysterious symbol , except for you ? ebling do not like where this be go . he take a piece of paper from he pocket . draw a strange symbol . hold it up . ebling mis this be it , sir . as closely as I can remember it . mayor indbar and what do you think it mean ? ebling mis I believe it may represent a individual . mayor indbar that would be odd , would not it ? ebling mis ( encourage ) yes , sir . very much so . ebling descend the stage to get away from that mike . speak in hushed tone as they walk . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) psycho-history concern itself with the action of large group of people , whole society , never individual . it 's possible that a individual have arisen for whom the equation be unable to adjust . now admittedly , it would have to be a extraordinary individual -- mayor indbar ( dismissive ) I doubt extraordinary man exist in this day and age . ebling stop for a moment . he watch the Mayor walk ahead . ( continued ) continued : 42 . ( 3 ) ebling mis Excuse I for say so , Mayor , but have not war be declare ? mayor indbar you be talk about this '' mule '' character . my dear Professor , there be a great deal of space between we and the planet Haven . now we see a old ornate vault . it 's like a ancient relic . mayor indbar ( cont ’d ) they say seldon himself would walk out of this vault , back in the early day , and address the Foundation at time of crisis . ebling mis I know the storey . mayor indbar do you believe they ? ebling do not answer lightly : ebling mis with my whole heart and soul . mayor indbar you be a man of solid faith . I admire that , but I myself do not believe a word of it . Mayor indbar turn and place he hand on ebling 's shoulder . mayor indbar ( cont ’d ) hari seldon be a great man ... but still only a man . there be no need anymore for old myth . the reality around we be proof enough . we make it . we save the human race from extinction . he look at the vault again . mayor indbar ( cont ’d ) I do not believe that seldon be go to step out of that vault any more than I think some kind of extraordinary superman be on he way here to destroy mankind . ebling 's time be clearly up : ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 4 ) mayor indbar ( cont ’d ) be the equation work ? ebling mis yes -- mayor indbar and what be it tell we to do about this '' mule ? '' ebling mis nothing . mayor indbar ( pleased ) then stop worry , and start enjoy yourself . ebling watch the Mayor walk off . mayor indbar ( cont ’d ) this be a time for celebration ! int . austere corridor -- day bayta and magnifico wait outside a door . magnifico obviously do not want to go through there . magnifico maybe they do not want to see I . maybe we should go . maybe -- bayta reassure he , with a touch . bayta this be why we come . remember ? magnifico nod he head a little . bayta ( cont 'd ) I 'il be right beside you . the door open , and pritcher step out . he gesture they in . int . interrogation room -- day magnifico sit in a impose chair with a strange apparatus attach to he head . he look nervous . bayta be beside he hold he hand . pritcher stand a distance away from they . a group of grim interrogators stare at magnifico coldly , and : ( continued ) 44 , continued : interrogator 1 be it true that you have be a prisoner of the mule ? magnifico y-y . behind magnifico , image from he mind appear , a playback , multiple memory go at once . it 's crazy visual insanity . from the point of view of a prisoner , we be thrown into a dark cell . laughed at by cruel guard . repeatedly torture . and now we see the mule , that ghostly suggestion of a human be hide under he forcefield . he oversee the torture . interrogator 2 he hide he identity behind a personal forcefield . magnifico yes . interrogator 1 but you have see he true face with you own eye ? magnifico yes . interrogator 3 what do he look like ? magnifico I do not remember . interrogator 1 what do he look like ? magnifico I do not remember . interrogator 2 what do he look like ? magnifico jerk in the chair , as if in physical pain . he be terrify . bayta hold on tighter . she want to object , but suddenly , magnifico 's spasm subside . he stare out at they , as if in some trance , possess by he own fearsome memory : magnifico he be a man . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) interrogator 1 like we ? magnifico no . not like you . interrogator 2 describe he . magnifico he be tall . he stand above I like a giant . 45 . we see a distorted image of a impossibly large man , so tall he face be lose in the shadow . interrogator 3 would you say he be six foot tall ? magnifico no . interrogator 2 Seven foot tall ? magnifico yes . interrogator 1 what be he do to you ? magnifico he 's put he arm around my throat , and pick I up . he be hold I up with one hand ... and I can not breathe . the distort image be lift magnifico . interrogator 2 can you see he face ? magnifico ( almost a sob ) no. interrogator 3 why not ? magnifico my eye be close . interrogator 1 and what happen next ? closer and closer . ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 3 ) magnifico ( yell ) he make I open they ! interrogator 2 what do you see ? as magnifico recall the memory , a portrait form behind he . magnifico I see inside he head . interrogator 1 you see inside he head ? be you speak figuratively ? magnifico laugh . very creepy . magnifico no . interrogator 1 then what do you mean ? magnifico I mean I see inside he head . he have no skull . his brain . I see he brain . the interrogator share a surprised look . pritcher watch they . bayta squeeze he hand : magnifico ( cont 'd ) his skin be tear away . I can see the muscle underneath . he have no lip . I see he tooth even when he mouth be close . the portrait of the mule form for all to see , a image of astounding horror , constantly adjust as magnifico go on : magnifico ( cont 'd ) ( get upset ) I see two hole where he eye should be . he have no eye , but he can see I . he have no eye but he can see ! magnifico jerk in the chair . magnifico ( cont 'd ) ( panic now ) it 's death to look at he face ! death death death -- ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 4 ) the lead interrogator work a control panel , and the image disappear . magnifico slump . the interrogator gesture and uniformed men step over . they take magnifico from the chair . he just go limp in they arm . bayta share a look with pritcher . follow they out . the door slide shut again and : interrogator 1 Captain . what be the point of show we the exaggerated memory of a damage mind ? pritcher I be not sure he account can be dismiss so easily . they look at he , skeptically . pritcher ( cont ’d ) consider this . the mule command a army -- and yet he conceal he true appearance , even from he own man . why give up the advantage of personal leadership ? they seem willing to go along . pritcher ( cont ’d ) the reason may be that personal contact would reveal a fact it be vitally important not to reveal . interrogator 1 such as ? pritcher the mule be not a human be . cur to : int . spaceship corridor -- day the mule march down a long corridor accompany by the unsettle hum of he forcefield . we can not see he true self through the field , just the eerie suggestion of a body . cur to : int . interrogation room -- day pritcher do not give the interrogators a chance to stop he . ( continued ) 48 . continued : pritcher I suspect he be a mutation , and base on the ease with which he take the planet Haven , a highly successful one . cur to : int . the command bridge -- day the mule enter a command center fill with he soldier . they look like a army of zomby . they face have no expression . they move around the ship like human automaton . cur to : int . interrogation room -- day pritcher gesture as he speak : pritcher during the attack , and despite my training , I experience a feel of overwhelming panic . I think the mule can trigger emotion over relatively large distance . make you feel terror or despair . the interrogators fidget uncomfortably as they listen to he . pritcher ( cont 'd ) at close range it appear he can access top -level brain wave . make you see something or forget something . Cause a memory to be associate with pain , as we have witness in this room today . he step closer . keeps at it : pritcher ( cont ’d ) give time I believe he can alter neurological pattern and rewrite mind . I have see normal man and woman convert into bloodthirsty soldier . magnifico call they '' turn '' -- as good a term as any . cut to : 49 , int . the command bridge -- day the mule step up to a enormous viewport and look out over he fleet of ship , the assemble vessel of a entire world . cur to : int . interrogation room -- day the interrogators exchange glance . they listen to pritcher . pritcher by now , we have to assume that the entire population of Haven have be affect . the mule be free to move from planet to planet assimilate even great number into the single large military force ever conceive . pritcher make he final play : pritcher ( cont 'd ) can a genetic accident be take into account by the plan ? how could seldon have foreseen this ? his word hang in the air like the most outrageous blasphemy . pritcher ( cont 'd ) it take we a thousand year to build the Foundation . if we do nothing , it will take the mule a hour to lay it in ruin .... they just stare , for a long time , and say nothing . finally : interrogator 1 thank you , Captain . we will consider all of the evidence present here today before make we recommendation to the council . after the high drama of pritcher 's speech , this pat response be decidedly under - whelming . pritcher realize . he be do . cur to : int . the command bridge -- day the mule look out over he fleet . a expressionless officer step up . salute . his voice have no pitch or tone . spooky . ( continued ) 50 . continued : officer the world have be process , sir . that unfit for duty be be return to the planet , as you order . int . spaceship airlocks -- day people unfit for duty be pack tight into airlock . they be too old , or too young , or too feeble . the lucky one . they have be force so close together no one can move , but it 's clear nobody would move even if they could . they look hypnotize . they stand there with blank smile on they face , too many to count . thousands . hundred of thousand . airlock on every ship be pack with blank , smile people . ext . above planet haven -- day the airlock open and countless human body hurl into space . we be far away . we have to be far away to take in the sheer number . genocide have never be so instantaneous . swarm of human being tumble into orbit around Haven , they corpse form a obscene terrible ring around the planet far below . int . the command bridge -- day the mule watch the ring form . we listen to the familiar sound of he forcefield as he turn and walk off the bridge . cut to : int . a private elevator -- day pritcher , bayta , and magnifico ride a elevator . magnifico hold bayta 's hand , as usual , look up at she like a child . magnifico where be we go ? bayta to see a man . you and I be go to stay with he for a while . magnifico will he be mean , like that other people ? bayta no . I be sure he will be very happy to see we . ( continued ) 51 . continued : the elevator open revealing the face of ebling mis . he see bayta stand there and scowl : ebling mis they let you out of jail . bayta I escape . ebling mis well do not sound so proud of it . int . home of ebling mis -- day pritcher , bayta , and magnifico step inside what must be the most bookish -- but also the most dishevel -- home around . ebling offer he hand and say : ebling mis you must be magnifico . I be very pleased to meet you . magnifico stare at the offer hand , perplex , then place he ball - up fist into ebling 's palm . they shake like that . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) why do not you take a look around . magnifico move through the place look at everything , the book and the diagram , and play with the strange gadget . pritcher be you sure about this , sir ? ebling mis quite sure , Captain . I think I can be of some use to he , and he may still have secret lock up inside that head of he . he look they over as if to gauge : ebling mis ( cont 'd ) I take it today do not go well . bayta ha . pritcher not very well . no. ( continued ) 52 . continued : ebling mis try not to judge they too harshly . ( for bayta ) it 's impossible to learn what one think one already know . bayta roll she eye . ebling see that magnifico be near a tall stand hold some kind of strange musical instrument . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) good boy . now pick it up -- magnifico pick up the instrument . look at it . it 's a odd little device with a single knob , and certain to attract he . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) ah , what have you get there ? ebling walk over . look at it . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) it 's call a visi-sonar . fry it . magnifico stare at it , uncertain . he place he finger on the lone knob . a single plaintive note of music be hear , and he eye widen in surprise . magnifico where do that come from ? ebling mis from you , my friend . magnifico I have music inside I ? ebling look at he , with great warmth , and gently explain : ebling mis we all do . every live creature . the sound and song of life . it be say the best player can strike note that be never hear by the ear , but go directly to the soul . magnifico be clearly impressed . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) this will be yours to keep while you be here . magnifico happily nod he head and amble off , like a kid with a toy . ebling be pleased . ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 2 ) ebling mis ( cont 'd ) ( back to pritcher ) I have always believe in the therapeutic value of -- he watch the elevator door slide shut . pritcher have just leave . bayta try to look as if she do not care either way . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) not much for good - by , be he ? bayta not so big with hellos either . ebling mis you like he . bayta ( as if appal ) what make you say that ? ebling mis you overly - calculate body language intend to convince I that you do not like he . bayta do not know how to position she body now . resort to : bayta damn it . magnifico touch the instrument again , and hear another note . tries again . ebling and bayta move onto the terrace . the view be stun . we see a great deal of the city , and beyond the enclosure , the grim moon - like terrain of terminus . ebling mis you have become a common criminal . bayta there 's nothing common about it . ebling mis what would you parent say ? bayta ( defiant ) I do not know . they die in a shuttle accident when I be two . ebling mis I have tell you all about they . ( continued ) continued : 54 . ( 3 ) bayta it 's not the same thing . ebling mis they dedicated they life to the seldon plan . bayta it do not save they , do it ? ebling mis you know very well the equation do not concern itself with the death of specific individual . bayta ( get upset ) then to hell with it ! bayta calm down . she know that be pointless . from the other room , they can hear magnifico playing . it be tentative and clumsy , of course , not even music . but she be surprised . bayta ( cont 'd ) he 's really play that thing . ebling mis it do not require coordination or skill , just a kind of free - form mentality . the best player be often of low intelligence . they be discuss magnifico in order to avoid argue . finally after a awkward pause : ebling mis ( cont 'd ) hari seldon will not abandon the Foundation . he have watch over we for a thousand year . bayta you really believe that . ebling mis have faith . bayta you be a scientist . ebling mis Science without religion be lame --. and religion , without science , be blind . ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 4 ) bayta be get upset again , and that music be not help matter . haunting extended note . it be really very creepy . bayta be it suppose to sound like that ? ebling mis I would not expect it to sound any more pleasant , see what kind of life that poor creature have no doubt lead . bayta I guess the equation do not give a damn about he , either . ebling look at she . sadden . ebling mis how could I have fail so totally ? I try to teach you , but you hate it . the equation . the seldon plan . you hate too much . they realize the music have stop . and magnifico be there . magnifico be you fight ? ebling mis not really . just continue a old discussion . magnifico about what ? ebling mis a man name hari seldon . magnifico what do he do ? ebling mis he die for we . magnifico that 's too bad . ebling move down to he level . ebling mis no . no , it 's not . do you want to see what he do ? ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 5 ) magnifico nod , and they start to go . but ebling pause for a moment before leave the terrace . he say one last thing to bayta , without look back : ebling mis ( cont 'd ) I be glad you be home . bayta look surprised and want to respond , but can not find the word ... and then he 's go . int . equation chamber -- day ebling mis and magnifico lie on they back in the center of the seldon equation . it look unusual , that 's for sure , the two of they lie there so casually , on a invisible floor , float in a universe of math : ebling mis I want to show you my favorite spot . from here it look endless . magnifico ( very impressed ) and hari seldon give this to you ? ebling mis he give the equation to all of we . you too . magnifico no . not I . ebling mis why do you say that ? magnifico because I be nothing . ebling mis you be a human be . magnifico that 's not so big a deal . ebling think about he . ask : ebling mis do not you have a family ? magnifico my mother throw I away . no one want a ugly child . ( continued ) continued : magnifico 57 . ebling mis where do you grow up ? magnifico on the street . I can find food and clothes and hide . ebling mis then you have always be alone . magnifico yes . I use to like it , but now I like be with bayta . look worried . like maybe he say the wrong thing . magnifico ( cont 'd ) be that okay ? ebling mis of course . I like be with she too . magnifico can you read this funny number ? ebling mis most of they . but I be not a real psycho-historian . there be none . only hari seldon truly understand how the equation work . magnifico why do not he tell someone ? ebling mis no one know . maybe because if we know too much , we might mess thing up . instead we must have faith , believe in he plan , and do as the equation instruct we . magnifico but you think it 's break . ebling mis I be worried it 's not show we the real future . if so we may have deviate from the intend course of human event . magnifico because of the mule ? ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) ebling mis I do not think the mule be suppose to exist . magnifico ( think it through ) then the number can not tell you what will happen when he get here . ebling mis exactly . very good . magnifico smile , proudly . just stare up at the equation . and suddenly he look worried . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) what be it ? magnifico nothing . ebling mis I be you friend , magnifico . you can say whatever be on you mind . magnifico maybe the number do not want to tell you what 's go to happen . ebling smile , a little bit . ebling mis why would the equation hide the truth from the Foundation ? magnifico 's haunt face stare out at the weird mathematics . he wipe off ebling 's smile : magnifico because maybe if you know you have never stop scream . int . home of ebling mis -- night bayta move down the darken corridor try not to make noise . she stop at a room . the bed inside be empty . bayta look around . see magnifico curl up in a ball on the floor . he be sleep peacefully . bayta continue down the hall and reach the study . she hear ebling talk to himself . she look in . watch he . ( continued ) 59 . continued : he be furiously fill a blackboard with strange number and symbol , he mind calculate faster than he hand can write . ebling never hear she slip past . bayta step into the open elevator , and take it down . ext . futuristic street -- night bayta move through the antiseptic street of terminus City . she look around to see if the coast be clear , and strangely join several other . they continue through the dark city just as clandestinely , and eventually knock on a door . wait . the door open . they go in . int . abandoned build -- night a heat argument be echoing through the abandon space of a unoccupy building . we move closer to the dim light and emerge into a claustrophobic space crowded with member of the underground , about a dozen or so . they all look nervous . section chief you should not have come . they know you . you be endangering all of we , bayta . a few over-lapping agreement . bayta be you finish ? section chief not by a long shot . bayta well let I know when you be do because the mule be head this way , I have see he up close , and when he get here it 's all over for the Foundation , and for we -- for every damned thing . that do not change anybody 's mind , but it do shut they up . nervous woman the council must be take some kind of action . younger man yeah , they be get ready for they thousand year celebration . ( continued ) 60 . continued : section chief this city could be fall down around they and they have wait for the equation to tell we to duck . over-lapping comment and then bayta gesture at a nerdy man , one of the small group she meet on the street . he activate a odd device and schematics of the seldon vault fill the air . everybody turn and look at bayta , as if she 's interrupt . bayta this be the schematics for the seldon vault , compliment of the Foundation archive . section chief ( still irritate ) uh-huh . so what ? skeptical woman people have be study that thing for century . we know it 's hollow . there 's nothing in it . bayta not yet there be not . no one understand . bayta gesture at another one of she associate . a mousy woman position some kind of portable projector . she turn it on and a hologram of hari seldon be sit in the middle of the room . everyone instinctively move away from it . the thing look like a real man at first , until we get a closer look , and realize it be not breathe . not move a single muscle . the seldon hologram sit in the chair stare straight ahead . bayta bring a small microphone to she lip , with a devious smile , and carefully enunciate . bayta ( cont 'd ) hello . I be hari seldon . after a slight delay the creepy hologram open its mouth and : hologram hello . I be hari seldon . the word come out in the voice of a old man . a convincing illusion . she look triumphant . ( continued ) continued : 61 . ( 2 ) bayta in the middle of the Mayor 's speech , the vault door will open for the first time in six hundred year , and hari seldon will address the Foundation . no one know quite what to say . section chief you be crazy . bayta be I ? section chief I do not approve this project . how long have you be work on this ? bayta a little over a year . everyone be edging closer to the hologram , hesitantly , like they expect it to move any moment . in many way it resemble the real hari seldon we see , but a idealize version of he . they can not take they eye off it . it 's like ... see Jesus . nervous woman it look just like he . skeptical woman how would you know if it look like he or not ? younger man it look like it look like he . section chief you really think this thing be go to work ? bayta I would expect the return of the messiah to cause quite a fuss ... would not you ? a scared woman cross herself . skeptical woman what be you do that for ? that young man do the same . ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 3 ) younger man I do not even believe this guy exist and I be still freak . the section chief watch the reaction , consider it , he irritation at bayta forget : section chief you do realize that somebody be go to figure this out . bayta who care ? we be create a moment . a single moment can change the course of history . bayta look at they . on fire . bayta ( cont 'd ) the Foundation need someone to tell it what to do . it 's about to hear the word of god. ext . futuristic street -- night pritcher crouch on a rooftop across the street . he be carry he usual briefcase . he do not look very pleasant . pritcher be the other unit in position ? computer yes . pritcher we will wait several minute , and then move in . computer understood . ( short pause ) Sir ? pritcher what be it ? computer you be intend to arrest she this time , be not you ? pritcher of course . ( continued ) 63 . continued : computer just check . ( short pause ) because you know if you do not I will have to alert central . pritcher just get ready to move out . computer very good , sir . ( short pause ) you know that I enjoy be you partner , and only speak this way when it be in you best interest . pritcher I know . thank you . computer thank you , sir . ( short pause ) for a moment , I think you may have develop -- pritcher I do not have feeling , computer . computer yes , sir . I will remember that . int . abandoned build -- night bayta stand there with the other member of the underground wait for the section chief to make he decision . finally : section chief all right . let 's do it . suddenly a small object break the window and fly through the air attach itself to the wall . immediately it shoot out thin tendril that crisscross the room like a spider web . bayta and the nerdy man drop to the floor . two more object burst through the wall and FIRE fill the space . the rest of they be hopelessly entangled . the mousy woman can not get loose . she remove a disk from she projector and the seldon hologram disappear . she manage to toss it to bayta a second before : ( continued ) 64 . continued : a electric pulse pass through the wire and everyone be jolted . the group collectively slump , hang from the web like food for a large arachnid . the Foundation agent enter . bayta and the nerdy man lift a small cover , slip through a hole in the floor . they land hard in the basement and run . they reach a intersection . share a quick look and split up . bayta race through the sub-level . see a tunnel lead out and go for it . she reach a exit and run into pritcher . for a moment they look at each other without much expression . then bayta smile . like she 's happy to see he . like she 's go to say hey , baby , nice to see you . she turn and run . pritcher fire a smaller version of the same device we see upstairs . the object attaches to she back , filament quickly wrap themselves around she torso , and a pulse take she down . bayta hit the floor . hard . her eye be open , stare out at the dirty wall and the floor , but she can not move a muscle . pritcher unceremoniously pick she up and drape she over he leave shoulder . several more agent peek through the door from outside , and see he . he gesture okay . they hurry on . with he free hand pritcher pick up he briefcase and start through the basement , bayta hang from he like a rag doll . computer that be a very smooth arrest , sir . congratulation . pritcher take a staircase head deeper under the building . computer ( cont ’d ) should not we be go up now ? pritcher shortcut . computer of course . very good , sir . I believe the prisoner be come around . bayta slowly begin to stir . she try to talk , but it come out like a strange mumble . she kick she leg ineffectually . pritcher walk even deeper into the underground complex and finally stop . lay the briefcase down . set bayta upright . ( continued ) 65 . continued : ( 2 ) computer ( cont 'd ) why be we stop here ? she be really piss off and : bayta ( mouth still numb ) jerk . let I go ! pritcher to question the prisoner . computer oh . bayta 's get feel back . bayta ( sounding normal ) so that 's it ? this be all you get ? you be just go to go on do you dirty little job while the galaxy go to hell ? pritcher do not respond . just fiddle with a small device . bayta ( cont 'd ) a large brain be waste on you , Captain -- all you need be a spinal cord ! pritcher finish he work . bayta ( cont 'd ) at least hari seldon have the gut to take on the empire ! you be nothing but a cowardly -- he hit a button and the cord bind she fall away . bayta stop yell and look down at the rope . can not believe it . they look at each other and she realize what he 's do , it all snap into place , and he pull she close . they kiss . computer Sir ? computer' p.o.v . through the slightly - distort lens of the computer we see pritcher and bayta still kissing one another . ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 3 ) computer ( cont ’d ) I do not believe this be a proper interrogation . you leave I no choice but to initiate a priority one alarm . I regret this , sir . we hear some clicking . pritcher and bayta just keep kissing . computer ( cont ’d ) that be strange . I be no longer in contact with central command . pritcher and bayta finally pull apart , still hold onto one another , both breathe fast . pritcher it 's the wall down here . you signal can not get through . he turn to the computer with : pritcher ( cont ’d ) they 'il find you eventually . computer and what should I tell they ? pritcher ( think ) tell they , it 's the end of the world ... and I quit . computer and what if the world do not end ? what will the two of you do then ? pritcher . pritcher take bayta by the hand and they run down a passage . computer ( cont ’d ) ( call after ) what will you do then ? cur to : int . a plain HOTEL room -- night pritcher and bayta kiss . it be clumsy and desperate . they fall onto the bed and look into each other 's eye . they kiss again and this time do not stop . cut to : 67. int . home of ebling mis -- night ebling mis look exhaust and discourage . the study be in complete disarray . he 's be work on a long calculation and have scribble part of it on every available surface . he look around at the mess . thinks . he hurry from the room . ebling mis bayta , wake up . I think that magnifico be right . he open she door and walk in : ebling mis ( cont 'd ) I think the equation be lie -- ebling stop . see that no one be here . he look surprised . wander back down the hall . he move past the other room and magnifico be no longer lie in the corner . he be go , too . cur to : int . HOTEL room -- night pritcher and bayta make love on the simple hotel room bed . we listen to the sound of love -making as we move over they , leave the bed , and move past a small table toward the window . we travel through the window and ext . on a ledge -- night magnifico be sit on the ledge outside they room . his face be twisted in anger . grief . he listen . he love she . ext . HOTEL roof -- night magnifico climb onto the roof of the building and perches on the edge , like a deform little gargoyle . tear stream down he cheek . he clenches he fist . muffle he own scream . magnifico crouch there over- look the city . his hand find something . it be the visi - sonar . he stare at it for amoment . lift he hand . slowly magnifico begin to play . the note be simple and so sad . the music carry on the wind drift out into the night .... 68 . on the trail of the music we move away from the rooftop and wander through the city see regular everyday people do regular everyday thing . they be cooking and sleep and argue and laugh , nothing any more or any less extraordinary than that . we go in through window , move down corridor , enter live room . we see the citizen of terminus , not linger long enough to know they history , just enough to see a story of humanity : a father tickle a little girl . a grandmother kiss a old photo . a woman fix she face . a lonely man remove a coat . we pass pritcher and bayta again , still make love , but we do not linger here either . they be just a small part of the larger tapestry . we be travel again past unknown face . and always magnifico 's sad simple aching music play on , like some eternal lament join each of this stranger together . the music overwhelm they . first one . then another and another . people be gradually but steadily invade by grief . it do not matter what they be do . watch the news . eat dinner . undress . sitting together . stand alone . everybody in the area stop to feel magnifico 's pain . a man on the street can not walk any further without weep . the woman in front of she mirror watch the tear roll down she face . no one move . no one speak . a city in mourn . pritcher and bayta look surprised to see each other cry . they try to understand it . we can see they try to make sense of it , but they can not and they hold one another . it look like they will never let go . the music continue play and ext . HOTEL roof -- night magnifico remove he finger from the knob . the music stop . he stare out over the city with a face drain of everything but he deep and sicken hate . cut to : 69 . int . equation chamber -- night ebling mis ride a personal transport up through the level of the seldon equation . he reach he destination and get out , look around a while to see if anyone have notice he . ebling pull a piece of equipment from the transport and move quickly down a long mathematical corridor . like a guy about to commit a crime . he reach he destination . stop . ebling open the device and pull out two wire . he insert the end into the equation , as if plugging two power cord into a invisible wall , and a spot open inside the sequence . warning voice you interpolation have not be authorize . do you forget to submit you request , Professor ? ebling do not answer . just work faster . his hand shake . he take he stylus and quickly draw that strange symbol -- the one we see earlier -- into the equation . immediately the alarm bellow , and all around he , the equation go berserk . a new calculation run and ebling race through a storm of black number try to follow the trail of a new red sequence as it solve itself . now he eye fill with horror : ebling mis the planet kalagan . kalagan have fall to the mule ! the technician all turn to watch as the equation ripple with the effect of ebling 's alteration . the large security door open and guard rush in . ebling raise he hand to trace the new future , try to read as much as possible before they come . his voice crack : ebling mis ( cont 'd ) anacron be next . Planet anacron will fall today ! suddenly he be grab from behind by the guard , but ebling do not go without a struggle and they have to hold he , pull he away . he keep fight . ebling see something as he be drag off . something that make he stop struggle .... he try to understand it and ( continued ) 70 . continued : the guard deactivate he equipment . the equation abruptly return to normal -- and the secret of the future disappear . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) noo0000000 ! int . the mayor 's office -- night mayor indbar wait in front of a big screen along with a few of he staff . it 's the middle of the night . they be hastily dress . then a close - up of the governor of anacron appear . there be a slight time delay between the two distant planet : mayor indbar how 's it go , Bill ? governor could not be better . how 's that speech come ? mayor indbar it will be ready . governor look forward to it . mayor indbar thanks . hey , everything quiet over there on anacron ? governor quiet ? mayor indbar no trouble of any kind ? governor just another uneventful orbit around the sun , praise seldon . Mayor indbar be relieved . but also feel stupid for call . mayor indbar yes , praise seldon . ( short pause ) well , this call be cost I a fortune . good to see you , Bill . governor right back at you . the screen blip off . Mayor indbar turn to he staff with : ( continued ) 71 . continued : mayor indbar that 's it . keep that crazy old bastard away from the equation . and I do not want to hear the word mule again , you understand ? cut to : int . governor 's office -- day we see the governor of anacron in close - up , exactly as he appear to Mayor indbar , with the same friendly smile . the expression drain from he face . not just that . his mouth fall open , and he bottom eyelid droop oddly . something 's wrong . we pull back and see that he be a decapitate head be hold in the air by the mule . we pull back further and see through a big window . the planet be burning . building be falling . the mule be grip the head by its hair . he lift up all that 's leave of the governor so that they be both eye - to -eye . now the head speak : governor how do I do , sir ? the mule very good . governor thank you . the face of the governor spasm a little . like he 's in pain . the mule be something the matter ? governor I think I might be hurt . the mule I remove you head . the face of the governor think about it rather casually and : governor that 's right . I forget . the mule would you like to die now ? ( continued ) 72 . continued : governor oh yes . very much . the mule release he grip on the governor 's hair and the head fall with a gross kunk . int . the command bridge -- day the mule stand on the bridge , and stare out over he fleet . by now it be compose of vessel from three world . we have never see a fleet of ship even close to this size . he can surround a planet , literally . that ghostly suggestion of a face consider he great armada . the mule set course for Foundation . cur to : int . home of ebling mis -- night the door open and ebling mis return home . the guard who escort he do not leave the elevator . the door slide shut , and ebling be all alone again . or be he ? he look . a window be open . someone be wait in the dark . he can sense it . moonlight be come in through the window . ebling see the visi - sonar lie on the floor . ebling mis magnifico ? be that you ? there be no answer . he turn around and magnifico jump out of the shadow like a animal . he knock ebling to the floor . magnifico look enraged . he want to choke he to death . ebling be in pain . surprise . magnifico I play that thing ! I play that thing like you tell I to ! ebling speak the best he can : ebling mis you be hurt I -- magnifico squeeze he , tight . ( continued ) 73 . continued : magnifico I play and they feel it ! ebling mis I tell you gift player -- magnifico why do you do that to I ? ebling mis to show you . magnifico to show I what ?! ebling mis you come here fill with fear and hate , but there be more in you than that . so much more -- magnifico loosen he grip , and he face soften . he look like a scared little boy again . magnifico you make I like he . ebling mis no. magnifico I make they sad -- ebling mis you share you feeling . you give they a gift . magnifico a gift ? ebling mis you be not alone . no one be alone . we just think we be . magnifico I do not want to play anymore . magnifico bury he face in ebling 's chest , and just hold on . they stay there like that , on the floor where they fall . after a moment ebling pat he : ( continued ) 74 . continued : ( 2 ) ebling mis it 's all right , my boy . you do not have to do it anymore . dissolve to : int . a HOTEL room -- morning bayta walk to the window . look out . pritcher step up behind she and slip he arm around she waist . the light in the room be very strange . something big be go on outside . ext . terminus CITY -- morning the city dome be burst with vivid color and shape , like a high - tech firework display fill the entire sky . people be look out they window , stand on the roof , and venture out into the street . the citizen embrace one another , and gesture up at the dome . int . a HOTEL room -- morning pritcher and bayta watch they : bayta this be it . the last day of the 1,000 Year plan . will they still feel like celebrate tomorrow ? pritcher I have watch thing happen . bad thing . to a lot of people who deserve better . could have help but never do . if the equation say that be the way thing have to go down , that be good enough . pritcher have be a man of few word . but this come easily . pritcher ( cont 'd ) there be not a single morning I do not wake up know exactly where the day be take I . I should be terrify right now , but I be not . this be the first time the galaxy seem like ours . bayta turn . he look happy . pritcher ( cont 'd ) we will save it , or we will not , but it will finally be up to we . I ( more ) ( continued ) 75 . continued : pritcher ( cont 'd ) be teach that one man do not make a difference . and not two . not a hundred or a thousand .... you show I different . she gently caress he face . bayta I think hari seldon be a lonely man . I do not think he ever feel this . if he have , he never would have write that equation . it never would have occur to he . he would have know -- they turn back to the window . bayta ( cont 'd ) some thing can not be count . ext . crowded street -- day pritcher and bayta wind they way through street filled with people . it 's like a New Year 's Eve celebration in Times Square -- but spilling out onto every avenue in the city . everyone be drink and dance and laugh . the human race have be wait one thousand year to throw this party . int . secret hideaway -- day pritcher and bayta open a basement door and step inside a crowded little space . the nerdy man who escape with bayta look up from behind a wall of terminal and makeshift equipment . several more member of the underground look over . bayta hold up that tiny computer disk for all to see : bayta it 's a hell of a party . and wait until you meet the guest of honor . int . council chamber -- day mayor indbar stand behind the podium look a little wash out , but deliver he speech with the professionalism of a experience politician . the entire council be in attendance . the multiple cameras transmit the speech out to the populace . mayor indbar in that ancient day ten century ago , when the first galactic Empire be decaye into a paralysis that ( more ) ( continued ) 76 . continued : mayor indbar ( cont 'd ) would precede its final death , one lone voice speak out for the future . ext . crowded street -- day the face of mayor indbar be on billboard , on every screen big and small , on portable handheld viewer , and on the dome . the entire population watch : mayor indbar through the mathematics of psycho - history , he foresee the course of the change current sweeping through the galaxy , and sacrifice he own life so that we might hear the word and listen . ( short pause ) that man be hari seldon . everyone on the street cheer . int . council chamber -- day mayor indbar wait for the furious clapping to stop and then : mayor indbar it be too late to prevent the great fall , but still possible to cut short the suffer and chaos to come , so that only a thousand year would separate the second Empire from the first . int . secret hideaway -- day pritcher and bayta watch the member of the underground as they furiously work at they makeshift console . and finally there be a loud beep . the whole apparatus come to life and : nerdy man that 's it . we be in . int . council chamber -- day mayor indbar keep on talk : mayor indbar we stand here now at the end of that single millennium , each of ( more ) ( continued ) 77 . continued : mayor indbar ( cont 'd ) we bear witness to the culmination of seldon 's dream . at the other end of the council chamber , the old ornate vault suddenly hum to life . no one notice at first . but then a council member sit in the back turn , annoyed at the hum . he realize that the noise be come from the vault . stare . mayor indbar ( cont ’d ) the hand of we great Foundation reach across the star and embrace every know world . the galaxy be civilized and peaceful . another council member look . then another . soon the entire chamber be turn around . like a mysterious ancient secret , the heavy locking mechanism on the vault slowly rotate OPEN . Mayor indbar begin to notice that everybody be look away . mayor indbar ( cont ’d ) ( distract ) the internal health ... of the Foundation be better than ev-- finally he just stop and stare . the camera swivel around . ext . crowded street -- day the population of the city watch as the picture reel clumsily , and now the seldon vault come into focus . there be exclamation . people point . they see the vault OPEN and int . council chamber -- day sitting in the deep black of the vault be hari seldon . it be mesmerize . the face stare out from the darkness like a communication from the dead . mayor indbar 's mouth hang open . there be gasp and the council member stand upright . no one move . no one speak . int . secret hideaway -- day bayta watch the tiny screen . like she can not believe it really work . like the moment be finally here . pritcher offer the microphone to she : pritcher you can do it . save the world . 78 . ext . crowded street -- day the population of terminus wait for hari seldon to speak and int . secret hideaway -- day bayta take the mike and bring it to she lip . she open she mouth to begin and hear : hari seldon this be hari seldon . bayta stand there hold the mike . she do not say anything yet . everyone react with complete and utter astonishment ... bayta that be not I . I do not say -- pritcher and bayta share a look . int . council chamber -- day hari seldon suddenly rise from he chair and step out of the vault into the council chamber . like it 's really he . like he be wait in there for 1,000 year . mayor indbar and the council react in awe and fear . no one dare breathe . hari seldon if any of you be stand feel free to sit down , and if you care to smoke , I would not mind . why should I ? I be just a recording . ext . a large terrace -- day ebling mis step out onto he terrace and look up at the image of seldon on the dome , like a true believer stare at the heaven . magnifico follow . hari seldon in a few hour they will come . I have no doubt the authority will execute I . in fact I intend to see that they do . by the time you get this message , I will have be dead for a thousand year . int . secret hideaway -- day pritcher and bayta move close and just hold onto one another . ( continued ) 79 . continued : hari seldon it 's be several century since I last address the Foundation . no doubt many of you believe the storey of my return be just wild superstition . well good for you . I admire freethinker . you be , however , wrong . ext . a large terrace -- day magnifico run away and cower in the corner . afraid to see . hari seldon I be as I have always be to that around I -- a annoying reality . int . council chamber -- day hari seldon stand in the council chamber , like any real live politician deliver a speech before the assemble congress : hari seldon now to the matter at hand . you be here because my equation have lead you through the age to this point in space and time . you have no doubt wonder why I do not place true psycho-historian among the Foundation . the answer be quite simple . if I have , they would have discover the truth . the recording pause for effect . hari seldon ( cont ’d ) the equation be a lie . ext . a large terrace -- day ebling stumble back a few step , as if from a physical blow . hari seldon the equation do not predict the future . it simply take you down the path I require you to travel . ext . crowded street -- day the population stare at the dome like they do not understand . ( continued ) 80 . continued : hari seldon it be not a instrument of profound or divine illumination -- but a method of control . int . secret hideaway -- day pritcher and bayta look worried . hari seldon '' psycho-history '' rest on a single assumption so basic to its design that it be easily overlook . to manipulate the future of the human race , it assume there will be no fundamental change in human being . int . council chamber -- day hari seldon walk a little and the council move to make way . hari seldon my initial attempt to devise a plan to save civilization end in frustration . soon I realize my effort be be thwart , not by random event -- but by a genetic mutation . ext . a large terrace -- day ebling show the first sign of hope , and call to magnifico . ebling mis he see the mule ! d he 's go to tell we what to do ! magnifico peek from the corner . int . council chamber -- day the entire council watch as hari seldon stop and explain : hari seldon how could I ever hope to combat such a creature from a distance of a thousand year , across the boundary between life and death ? I decide to create - - not one -- but two foundation . the first would be highly visible , out in ( more ) ( continued ) 81 . continued : hari seldon ( cont 'd ) the open ... while the other would remain hide and unknown . int . secret hideaway -- day bayta begin to guess the truth . her face fill with horror . bayta oh god . we be bait . the decoy . hari seldon this planet be the technological , economic , and political center of the galaxy . you role in the plan be to be the final victim of the creature head you way . int . crowded street -- day the population stare at the dome . they be beginning to get the idea that this be not good . hari seldon if I appear cruel or unmove by the fate I have assign to you , understand that I be attempt to achieve a optimum future for the entire human race . int . secret hideaway -- day pritcher take bayta by the hand , and they run from the room . hari seldon my decision to sacrifice you be a relatively easy one , and make long before any of you be bear . ext . a large terrace -- day ebling fall to the ground and press he hand to he head . hari seldon you may take some comfort in the knowledge that the real Foundation will survive -- at star 's end . int . council chamber -- day hari seldon walk back to the vault . he turn a final time : ( continued ) 82 . continued : hari seldon one last thing . you know that psycho-history rely on the inherent predictability of whole society , and not individual . each of you should feel free to try and survive the attack , if you so desire . mayor indbar and the council look numb , and just stand there . hari seldon ( cont ’d ) either way it will not effect the outcome of the plan . seldon walk inside the vault ... and the old door swing shut . Mayor indbar stare at the vault like he expect seldon to come back out and say just kid , but the door never open . he release a guttural yell and run at the vault . on cue the entire council do the same . a mob just wait to explode . they reach the vault -- and force it onto its side . ext . rioting street -- day people on the roof stare up at the dome . one man turn and move from the group . he walk toward the edge of the roof , he face hopeless , and jump . on a building across the street we see a woman perch on the edge . she jump . another man crawl out a window and jump . people down on the street scream as the body start to fall . int . council chamber -- day the council be strike the vault like mad . of course it have no effect . mayor indbar push he way through the group hold a metal pole . he try to pry open the ancient lock . ext . rioting street -- day fight break out all through the city . people be scream and run . a policeman watch it without much expression . after a moment , he raise he own gun . stick the barrel in he mouth . the people continue to fight as we hear the shot . 83 . int . council chamber -- day mayor indbar and the member of the council manage to pry the door . they force open the vault , they face triumphant , and look down . it be empty . they begin to fight each other . ext . rioting street -- day the street be pandemonium . people be smash the window . Men be strangling each other and woman be be sexually assaulted . two more policeman raise they gun , point they at one another , and FIRE . a wounded man be lifted in the air and throw . a flee old woman fall down and be quickly trampled . a group of man overturn a car and fire break out . a reporter stand there with a microphone , insanely laughing . int . the power plant -- day power plant worker step up to they station and lift heavy tool , or whatever they can find . they destroy the console . ext . rioting street -- day pritcher and bayta try to make it through the mob . people be tear each other apart all around they . a vicious man block they path . he look rabid . pritcher take he down . bayta do you see he face ?! this be not just panic -- pritcher yell over the din : pritcher the mule be here ! all through the city , the power goe out . up above they the color and image run on the dome abruptly disappear and we can see through to space . the planet be surrounded by a fleet of warship in low orbit . int . defense command -- day soldier be engage in hand - to-hand combat with they fellow soldier . some manage to pull gun and FIRE . a young officer notice the high - tech planetary display , and see the starship in orbit . he look around for someone . call out : ( continued ) 84 . continued : young officer Sir we be under attack ! Sir -- he look underneath a desk and see the general hide there . he have the shake . he can not stop himself from tremble and general run away run away run away .... ext . a large terrace -- day ebling mis watch the city destroy itself . he look empty and lose . slowly he turn to go . magnifico follow , scared : magnifico wait -- w- where be you go ? ebling walk toward the elevator like a condemn man head for the fire squad . magnifico do not know what to do ... and look over at the visi - sonar . ext . rioting street -- day pritcher and bayta move through a narrow alley litter with corpse . like they all kill each other . now they see he : ebling emerge from the building . he look at the body and the burn wreckage . there be the sound of footstep , and ebling see the mule 's soldier march through the street . slowly ebling start toward the grim soldier , as if he want to die . he spread out he arm , plead , ask for death . pritcher and bayta run toward he . try to get there in time : bayta ebling ! the soldier stop . raise they rifle , in unison . take aim . suddenly a shatter SOUND pierce the air . pritcher put he hand over he ear and fall . everything go black .... he open he eye a moment later . see bayta come around beside he . the soldier be lie motionless on the street . they rush to ebling , beginning to stir . they help he up and pritcher see magnifico stand there . with the visi - sonar . magnifico I play for they . bad music . ( continued ) 85 . continued : the warship in orbit FIRE on the dome and the entire CITY rumble and shake . like a earthquake . but the dome hold . pritcher see a hatch in the STREET and run over . open it . magnifico ( cont 'd ) no . no more under the ground ! pritcher you do not want to be here when that dome break . the warship FIRE on the dome again and the city rumble . a enormous crack snake across the dome , like a rip in the sky . -..and magnifico quickly follow . int . underground tunnel -- day pritcher , bayta , magnifico , and ebling descend a ladder down into a high - tech subterranean tunnel system . they make it to the bottom , look beat , and find a long horizontal passage . ext . surface of the CITY -- day the warship FIRE on the dome , and the sky fill with crack . int . underground tunnel -- day now a deafen alarm sound . a series of thick emergency door emerge from the wall threaten to seal off the tunnel . pritcher , bayta , magnifico , and ebling start to run . ext . surface of the CITY -- day the warship FIRE once again . the remaining population of the city stop they fight and smash . they look up at the dome ... and what they see shake they out of they frenzy . for one last moment they be just everyday frighten people . int . underground tunnel -- day pritcher , bayta , magnifico , and ebling rush through the last door and fall to the floor . the tunnel seal with a dooooom . ext . surface of the CITY -- day the warship FIRE one final time and the great dome shatter . ( continued ) 86 . continued : the enormous shard do not fall but be blown out into space . people scream as they rise into the AIR . the dead and live alike be hurl into orbit . everything not tie down go up . vehicle and garbage . Men and woman try to run but be lift off they foot as if by the hand of some vengeful god . int . the command bridge -- day the mule watch . reflected in he forcefield , we see people and object hurl into space . a image of apocalyptic horror . there be nothing leave on the planet but the remain of the shattered dome , and empty street . in a matter of second terminus City have be horrifically and vilely evacuate .... ext . empty CITY STREET -- day the mule walk the empty street . a group of soldier follow along , a breathe apparatus add to they uniform . the mule stop now . his ghostly undefine face survey the scene . it be a metal ghost town . the mule step over to a hatch in the street . he study it . the mule there be survivor . int . automate complex -- day pritcher , bayta , magnifico , and ebling move quickly through a completely automated facility . corpse be sprawle on the floor , and scream echo through the passage with regularity . every so often a panicked survivor can be glimpse run through the adjoin corridor . the entire place be creepy . they open a door and see a loading zone . a series of SMALL pod be be automatically fill with material , and then the pod be carry on a conveyor belt out through a tunnel . pritcher the cannon transport material to the moon . we should drift right through the blockade . if the mule have not destroy the refinery it will catch we , open we pod , and we can commandeer a small shuttle . pritcher get right to work . everyone else just stare at he . finally he turn back with : ( continued ) 87 . continued : pritcher ( cont ’d ) do not worry . they use to put animal in this thing . bayta do they ever survive the trip ? pritcher usually , yeah . int . underground tunnel -- day a airlock open and the mule enter . his soldier quickly spread out through the underground . int . at the loading zone -- day ebling sit inside of a small pod , like a cramped metal egg , and just stare straight ahead . not caring if he life or die . bayta check the strap : bayta how do that feel ? ebling turn to she . after a moment , he seem to recognize she . his eye fill with tear . he try to speak but can not . bayta want to cry too . instead she kiss he forehead , and seal up the pod . she watch the conveyor take ebling away . int . underground tunnel -- day soldier hurry through the tunnel find survivor . a few put up a fight . the soldier march they through the complex . ext . at the loading zone -- day pritcher check the strap around bayta . she want he to look at she , really look at she , but he be avoid she eye . bayta please -- look at I . he stop . look into she eye . bayta ( cont 'd ) I want to tell you -- ( continued ) 88 . continued : pritcher ( stop she ) why do not you tell I next time I see you . bayta look stronger now . as if that 's give she confidence . bayta I 'il tell you . on the moon . ... and they kiss one last time . magnifico sit off in the corner , and just watch they kiss . pritcher pull away and seal the pod . it move off into the dark , and disappear from view . int . the path of the pod -- day the small pod move through a series of passage . it be a bumpy ride for anyone inside and int . interior of the pod -- day the pod be knock around , even roll over . bayta can not see a thing . no window . her breathing quicken . the pod fall a small distance and jerk to a stop . bayta be recline back like a astronaut wait for the countdown to begin .... there be a enormous roar . she be push back into she seat . int . the path of the pod -- day the small pod be propel through a enormously long barrel . at the end of it lie the star . ext . the path of the pod -- day the pod burst from the open atop the high mountain and sail into orbit . it float harmlessly past the fleet of warship and follow the other pod tumble toward the moon . int . at the loading zone -- day pritcher open the next pod . he look at magnifico and say : pritcher come on . do not be afraid . ( continued ) 89 . continued : magnifico just stay in the corner and stare . his voice be a little different . a bit edgy . magnifico I be not afraid . pritcher glad to know it , now move . he enter a few number on the small console in the interior . pritcher ( cont ’d ) you be go to hear a lot of noise and be bump around a little . then you will have the acceleration . after that you will not feel a thing -- pritcher turn around again , and magnifico hit he with a large pipe . pritcher go down . he fall hard . his head be bleed . he try to get up and magnifico look frantic . Hit he again . this time he stay down . magnifico edge close , slowly , like he 's still afraid . but he grow more confident and : magnifico you have to stay . you can not come . you have to stay here . suddenly he kick he and yell . magnifico ( cont ’d ) stupid . stupid ! now he look as if he might cry : magnifico ( cont 'd ) she be suppose to love I , not you . not you . magnifico inch toward the pod . magnifico ( cont 'd ) she will love I . she will ! magnifico climb into the pod . he strap himself in . the small capsule seal shut and disappear inside of the tunnel . pritcher try to force himself up . Falls back to the floor . 90 . int . interior of the pod -- day the pod be fire from the cannon . magnifico look terrify . int . at the loading zone -- day the soldier move down the tunnel , and stop at the entrance to the load area . they take a moment to get ready then run inside . but no one be here . the soldier take position and FIRE . the pod burst and the entire complex grind to a halt . now we see pritcher painfully pull himself into a recess . he try not to make a sound .... ext . toward the moon -- day the pod tumble toward the moon . int . inside the pod -- day bayta sit inside the small capsule . her hair drift in the zero-gravity . she just breathes . int . inside the pod -- day magnifico act like a crazy man trap inside a padded room . he beat on the hull and scream . int . inside the pod -- day ebling stare straight ahead . thinks . after a moment he reach in he pocket for a pen . he write on the interior of the pod , number and symbol , calculate faster . and faster . ext . toward the moon -- day the pod tumble toward the moon . int . the underground -- day survivor be line up along either side of a tunnel . they look strange . emotionless . the mule stroll down the aisle : ( continued ) 91 . continued : the mule terminus have fall . now I will remake the galaxy in my image . I will begin here , with you , the last survivor of the Foundation . Inside of the field , that ghostly suggestion of a man grin . the mule ( cont 'd ) tear off you face . the survivor bring they hand to they face and dig the finger into the skin . we follow the mule as he move away , and soon begin to hear scream . the mule walk further . abruptly , he stop . as if he have sense something . he seem to forget it and simply walk on . down a dark passage , and around the corner , we find pritcher . he stand flat against the wall try not to be see . the agonize scream of the survivor rip they face echo through the tunnel . he wait . after a moment he see the coast be clear . the body of a soldier be at he foot . and pritcher be wear he uniform . soldier be march down the tunnel , leave the facility . pritcher put on the helmet and the scream be over . pritcher enter the tunnel . he step past the body lie on the floor , they face a bloody mess , and join the soldier .... cur to : int . inside the pod -- day bayta sail inside the claustrophobic capsule . suddenly she hear a sound . a thumping on the hull . she cry out in surprise as the pod violently rock . more deafening noise and finally the top swing open . int . refinery , moon -- day bayta have arrive at the automated facility and she pod be move along a conveyor toward the large grappling arm that be unload the raw material . bayta jump out of the pod . she look around . see something . ebling 's pod be lie open , the interior visible . she step closer to it . closer . ( continued ) 92 . continued : the inside of the pod be filled with mathematics . ebling have scribble a equation on every available inch of space . it look like the work of a madman . bayta start walk through the facility look for ebling . it 's not hard . she just follow the calculation scrawled on the wall . bayta grow worried . she see he through a small hatch . ebling be hurry back - and -forth across the cabin of a shuttle . his movement be energetic . this be not the man who want to die on terminus . int . space shuttle -- day bayta step inside and watch ebling . he do not even seem to notice she there , and when he do turn around , act like there 's no time for salutation . ebling mis oh , you be just in time to help I program the jump coordinate . bayta be you feel all right ? ebling mis what ? never better ! could you step out of the way ? there 's no time to lose . bayta move out of the way and ebling fiddle with a console . bayta where be we go ? ebling grab she , he eye afire : ebling mis to find the second Foundation ! and he run around the cabin again . bayta look dumbfounded . bayta how do we know there even be a second Foundation ? ebling mis because hari seldon tell we so . ( continued ) continued : 93 . bayta in a message 1,000 year old . even if he do create another one there 's no guarantee they survive . ebling mis they survive . I be sure of it . bayta then where the hell be they ? ebling mis seldon tell we . we will find they '' at star 's end . '' bayta what do that mean ? ebling mis ( way too cheerful ) I have not the slight idea ! int . moon refinery -- day another pod arrive . magnifico frantically scramble out and int . space shuttle -- day bayta try to talk some sense into the seemingly mad ebling . bayta if they be out there , then why do not they do something by now ? why do not they help we ? ebling mis suppose we have know about the existence of another Foundation somewhere in the galaxy . what would we have do ? bayta go look for they . ebling mis and that be why they existence be keep secret . but do not you think the other Foundation would have suffer the same curiosity ? ( continued ) 94 . continued : bayta you be say seldon do not tell they the truth either ? ebling mis what better method to keep they hide ? to keep they safe ! ebling keep run about : ebling mis ( cont 'd ) they may not even know about the mule or suspect they true purpose in the plan . they may be wait for we to find they . bayta ( skeptically ) at star 's end . ebling mis precisely ! bayta that sonuvabitch hari seldon put we here to die . you hear he as well as I do . ebling mis he could not speak freely . the mule might have be listen . int . moon refinery -- day magnifico follow the equation scrawle on the wall . now he hear the mute talk . int . space shuttle -- day ebling move to bayta . he speak with heartfelt conviction : ebling mis my mind have never be clearer . I can not explain it . it 's like seldon be operate through I . I know we be put here for a reason -- and it be not to die . it can not have be only to die ! she look like she want to believe . it be just not in she . ( continued ) 95 . continued : bayta you think I hate everything you stand for , but you be wrong . I wish I could believe the universe be follow some master '' plan , '' and everything be happen the way it should , but I just can not . magnifico be at the hatch . they see he ... and the expression on he face . immediately bayta know something 's very wrong . magnifico Soldiers . the soldier come . he fight they , bravely , but there be too many . he be hurt , very badly . bayta take a step back , as if that will somehow make he stop , and finally she leg give out . she fall to the floor . magnifico run to she . take she hand . look into she eye . magnifico ( cont 'd ) with he last bit of strength he put I in the pod and tell I to go . he say that I have to take care of you . for he . bayta be try not to break down . it be take everything that she have just to listen : magnifico ( cont 'd ) and then he die . magnifico suddenly reach out and wrap he arm around she , hold she , comforting she . and when he ugly little face be out of view he slowly grin . cur to : int . mule flagship -- day the soldier walk through the corridor in perfect formation . int . a locker room -- day the soldier be methodically remove they armor . one of they take off he helmet revealing pritcher . the man and woman around he move by rote . devoid of emotion . they do not look at each other . do not talk . pritcher watch they . 96 . int . ship corridor -- day the soldier file out of the room and disperse through the corridor , human automaton go about they assign task . pritcher drain the emotion from he face . walk through the passage do he best to mimic the other take by the mule . cut to : ext . space shuttle -- day nothing but star . now a shuttle jump back into real space . int . space shuttle -- day ebling mis and magnifico stare out at the ruin of trantor . it look like a great metal ball , but the surface be scar and rusted . a giant scrap-heap . ebling mis trantor . this be the heart of the first galactic Empire . if there be clue to the meaning of the phrase star 's end , they may be find in the old library . but there be no continent or seas to help we with navigation . ebling sink into he chair . suddenly , he look frustrated . uncertain . like it be too much . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) this be not my area of expertise -- magnifico lay he hand on ebling 's shoulder to reassure he . magnifico you be the smartest man I ever meet , Professor . you 's 1ll figure it out . ebling do not have confidence , and be about to say so , when he expression suddenly change : ebling mis ( get a idea ) the palace could be see from space . if we can find the remain of the Imperial Palace we may be able to extrapolate the location of the library ... ( continued ) 97 . continued : he start tapping furiously at the control . magnifico let he work , not want to disturb he , and quietly move away . now he see bayta at the hatch . she must have be watch . magnifico be you feel better , bayta ? bayta nod she head . he smile . magnifico ( cont 'd ) I be glad . and he leave the main cabin . bayta watch he go , as if some worry or suspicion have begin to enter she mind . she move across the cabin , look around , and pull open a panel . Inside be a number of blaster . she take out one of the holster . look at it for a moment , and almost put it back . then quickly she buckle it around she waist . something beeps and ebling mis the Imperial Palace , I find -- ebling see what she be wear . bayta pull the weapon from its holster . she look it over . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) what be you do with that gun ? bayta holding it . ebling mis I can see that . why ? bayta holster the blaster . she stare after magnifico with : bayta I do not know yet . int . ruins of trantor -- day bayta , magnifico , and ebling make they way through the deteriorate husk of trantor . the entire planet be encase in metal and the surface be one long endless interior . the only current inhabitant seem to be exceedingly large vermin . the place have a unsettle life of its own . although dark and cavernous , scattered technology still run . ( continued ) 98 . continued : they hear the occasional deep rumble of machinery come to life . now and then they see blink light or jerk automatic door . bayta wield a flashlight and lead the group . she have a pack on she back fill with supplies , and wear she blaster . ebling be beginning to show sign of fatigue . it 's not easy to traverse this wreckage . magnifico move close , and ebling put a arm around he shoulder . ebling mis over there ! shine you light -- bayta point the flashlight . a door be partly open , and beyond , we see what could be the remain of the old archive . int . ancient archive -- day bayta , magnifico , and ebling squeeze in through the door and look around at the vast space that once hold the accumulate knowledge of the empire . the ghost of the past be palpable here , such obvious accomplishment laid waste . no one speak . ebling and magnifico walk together to a high - tech pedestal , and ebling gently lay he hand on it . wait . after a long moment one small light within shine dimly . a spark of life . ebling mis ( to magnifico ) there be hope . come . help I . bayta you need to rest now . ebling mis I be fine . bayta you look terrible . ebling mis I will feel better when I get to work . do not worry . magnifico will attend I . bayta just watch the two of they lumber off into the ruin . cut to : 99 . int . mule quarter -- day the mule move through he live quarter encase in he forcefield , every movement accompany by that familiar hum . the mule there be a time when I be nothing -- and the universe be determine that I remain so . the room be pack with follower . Men and woman of vary age . they be position casually around the room , as if they be all guest at a dinner party listen to they host . the blank expression on they face make it one eerie party . the mule ( cont ’d ) then one day , man come ... brutal man , with the desire to kill I . my death have nothing to offer they , save for simple amusement . as the mule wander through the room he soldier all move they head , follow he , they face devoid of expression . the mule ( cont ’d ) as the kill blow descend upon I I begin to welcome the darkness and the peace sure to come . then , to my surprise , I feel my essence expand -- until I be observe my body be beat , watch through the very eye of my assailant . there be a collective gasp from everyone present . they be like live marionette play they part in he sick show . the mule ( cont ’d ) my mind be repulse by what I see and I instinctively let out a single think : stop ! and stop they do . at the moment that should have be my death , the power within I come to life , and my would - be killer become the first of my '' devote '' follower . now a big creepy smile appear on every face inside the room . the mule ( cont ’d ) with they I take a town . with the town I take a city . with the city I take a world . then ( more ) ( continued ) 100 . continued : the mule ( cont 'd ) another and another -- and now the Foundation itself . and there be unanimous clapping . the mule ( cont ’d ) the so-called guardian of the human race , who do not care enough about one human be , have pay the price for they hypocrisy . in the rear of the room , behind the other , we find pritcher . the mule ( cont ’d ) the Foundation be blind by the false teaching of seldon . he teach they that history will make puppet of we all ... but be I not live proof to the contrary ? the ghostly suggestion of a face stare out at he follower : the mule ( cont ’d ) I have do in day what seldon could not do in a thousand year ! the galaxy be in order at last . the second Empire have arrive ... and I be its Emperor . follower ( in unison ) all hail mule ! long live mule ! pritcher watch from the rear , not quick enough to join in , but none of they seem to notice . the mule turn and look at the star . for the first time , he sound a little melancholy , even through the distortion cause by he thick forcefield . the mule will the future call I master , or monster ? perhaps I be just the man who upset the universe . pause . now he sound impatient : the mule ( cont 'd ) leave I . I must rest . everyone turn in unison and head out of the room . pritcher steal one last look at the mule. 101 . int . ship 's barracks -- night the mule 's soldier lie flat on they back , arm at they side , leg together , everyone sleep like they be spread on a cold slab in some morgue . lying among they be pritcher . after a moment he open he eye . very slowly , pritcher rise . he set he foot on the floor , gently . now stand up . pritcher walk past the other bunk . he reach the door and it open . int . ship 's corridor -- night pritcher edge out into the passage . no one here . it look like a ghost ship . he move stealthily through the corridor . int . a supply closet -- night pritcher work inside a narrow claustrophobic space . he be construct a small sphere that resemble a strange grenade . int . ship 's corridor -- night stand right outside the door where pritcher be work we see a dozen of the mule 's soldier . they stand there like live zomby , without expression , watch the door creepily . int . a supply closet -- night pritcher finish he work . returns the tool . he hide the small sphere in he clothes . take a moment to remove the emotion from he face , and get ready . he open the door and int . ship 's corridor -- night the corridor be empty again . like a ghost ship . pritcher look around ... and start carefully back down the passageway . cur to : int . ancient archive -- night bayta conceal herself behind the ancient data bank . she watch magnifico dart from between the aisle and quickly scurry off , he arm overflow with dusty over - size book . ( continued ) 102 . continued : only when magnifico have go do bayta step into the open . she move down the aisle look for ebling . see a table overflow with more old volume and active viewing device . there be a tangle of cord everywhere connect the viewer and the dim light to various small power source . no sign of ebling yet . then she hear what sound like scratching ... ... and see ebling on the floor . bayta do not look pleased . ebling be scrawling a enormous equation on the floor of the archive . he crawl on he hand and knee . he do not look up , but know that she be there : ebling mis I tell you sometimes I wonder what be go on inside I . I seem to recall a time when so much be a mystery to I , and now I see it and I understand . he do not stop write . he never stop . not for a moment . a series of makeshift floodlights illuminate the equation . we can see that this thing stretch on into the darkest recess of the ruin . he 's go to cover the entire floor . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) there be numerous reference to star 's end from the time of hari seldon , but they do not indicate a specific region , interprete the phrase as meaning the far or opposite end of the know galaxy . bayta watch he . the way you look at a love one who be start to slip away into sickness or insanity . he go on : ebling mis ( cont 'd ) of course what be the other end of the galaxy ? it be circular , and a circle have no end . follow the rim of a circle and you end up back at you start point ! he do not stop write . he never stop . not for a moment . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) but in truth the galaxy be not a flat ovoid , nor be the periphery a close curve . it be a double spiral -- and what be the other end of a spiral , but the center ? ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 2 ) everything that come out of he mouth make she want to run . he babbles on faster and faster : ebling mis ( cont 'd ) and so you see that any attempt at a physical interpretation of the phrase not only fail to pin down the location , but actually expands the area of search to include all of colonize space ! he do not stop write . he never do . not for a moment . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) that be a irrelevant solution , and we must remember that hari seldon be a psycho-historian , not a physical scientist . and what would '' star 's end '' mean to a man of he sensibility ? bayta wait for the rest of it , know she will not like it a bit ... but the rest never come . ebling be stare in shock at the equation he just complete . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) oh my word . cur to : int . mule quarter -- night pritcher slip inside the dark quarter and patiently survey the scene . no one here . he move quietly across the room to a new vantage point . look clear . quickly pritcher move deeper into the room , and stop beside a door , he back against the wall . cut to : int . ancient archive -- night bayta watch helplessly as ebling scurries around look down at the equation at he foot . like he cannot believe it . bayta what be it ? what do you see ? cut to : 104 . int . bedroom chamber -- night pritcher look inside . there be a large empty bed . the mule can be see stare out the window with he back to the door . in one fluid motion pritcher run into the room and throw the strange sphere he make . the thing sail through the air . it attaches to the mule 's back and electricity snake crazily around he body attacking he forcefield . the mule writhes . and suddenly , he stop he jerk . the mule fall backward . he hit the floor hard flat on he back . the forcefield be in flux . pritcher run to the mule and stand over the body . pritcher hold a jagged piece of metal like a homemade knife . the first layer of forcefield sputter out . the mule be more visible than ever before . there really be a man in there and the forcefield continue to spark -- and now the second layer sputter out . the face of the mule come into sharper focus . pritcher position he grisly weapon and wait for the rest of the field to give way . he can not wait to thrust the knife . cut to : int . ancient archive -- night ebling turn to bayta finally . he look like a wild man , he face gaunt and sick , he hair a tangle . ebling stare out with eye full of illumination : ebling mis there be a second Foundation , and it can win . bayta . the second Foundation can defeat the mule if it be give time ! bayta listen to he . despite she better judgement she find herself get catch up in the moment , hope against hope . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) it must not be take . if it be capture by the mule prematurely then we be lose . bayta see magnifico slowly , quietly emerge from the shadow . ( continued ) 105 . continued : bayta ( roughly ) you . get out of here . ebling mis let he stay and hear it all . bayta no . I want he to go -- now . magnifico look from one to the other not know what to do . ebling mis ( in anger and pain ) let I speak . I have to get this out of my head ! cur to : int . bedroom chamber -- night pritcher be poise over the prone body of the mule . the last layer of forcefield disappear -- and pritcher look down in surprise at the face stare back . it be pale like a corpse . the eye be roll back in they socket and the mouth hang open . a bullet hole in its head . pritcher stare at the face of the president of planet Haven . cur to : flashback . on television the President hold a pistol to he own head smile happily , and pull the trigger to a gunshot . cut to : pritcher stare at the face . out of the open mouth come a vile sound slowly rise up from the throat . it be laughter . cur to : int . ancient archive -- night bayta watch magnifico . he want to hear what ebling find : ebling mis the second Foundation have keep itself secret with good reason . the secrecy must be upheld , do you hear I ? it have a purpose . cut to : 106 . int . bedroom chamber -- night pritcher try to run away -- but only make it a few foot -- and then he can not control he leg . he drop onto he knee as that laughter fill the room and pritcher bring he hand to he head , he face contort in pain , and finally , he collapse . cur to : int . ancient archive -- night bayta look like she want to stop it all . she just listen . ebling mis no matter what happen to we , the mule must not discover the true meaning of '' star 's end . '' bayta turn . watch magnifico . ebling mis ( cont 'd ) we have to go . the information we carry be vital . we must get to the second Foundation before the mule do . magnifico you know where they be hide ? ebling mis yes . ebling look at magnifico , and smile , as if the promise of peace be here at last . he say : ebling mis ( cont 'd ) finally , I can tell you . the second Foundation -- there be a deafening noise . we be look at a ragged hole in the wall where ebling stand . he be not there anymore , and now we see a pair of legs teeter bizarrely , obscenely , and then the leg fall to the floor . the shocked magnifico hurry over to what 's leave of ebling , but there be nothing to be do : magnifico you kill he ! bayta stand there shaking ... and hold she smoking blaster . ( continued ) 107 . continued : now we see the deform body of magnifico slowly rise and straighten , stand tall for the first time . somehow he twisted spine have be repair . his back be to bayta as he say : magnifico ( cont 'd ) when do you know ? a second before you pull the trigger , I suppose . well do . I be expect , if you fire , that you would fire at I . it be not a easy thing to surprise aman of my peculiar talent . and magnifico turn around . he mock she , with a formal bow . magnifico ( cont 'd ) allow I to introduce myself . ( short pause ) I be the mule . bayta stand there , still aim the blaster , freeze , unable to move or speak . he have she . magnifico ( cont 'd ) poor ebling . thanks to I he mind be operate at peak efficiency for the first time in he life . of course , the process be kill he , but he would have live long enough for my purpose ... if not for you . magnifico 's face do not look that different , but he be no longer a grotesque joke . his ugly feature have lose they childlike quality . his fear be go . his bear be strong . he step close to bayta , and look at she , with great desire : magnifico ( cont 'd ) the first time you see I , you like I , without my have to juggle you emotion . you be neither repell nor amused . you like I . magnifico reach out to bayta and gently caress she cheek . magnifico ( cont 'd ) and so I stay out of you mind . I could not bring myself to tamper with it . my first -- and only -- mistake . now he abruptly let go of she . ( continued ) 108 . continued : ( 2 ) magnifico ( cont 'd ) I sense you ... revulsion . how silly . I could make you love I very easily . it would be a artificial love , but there would be no difference between it and the real emotion . not to you . magnifico step away from she then , and seem to reach out with he mind . sense thing . magnifico ( cont 'd ) the fleet be here . my new second - in - command will arrive soon . oh , here he come , would you like to meet he ? bayta do not move . she just stand there . but she eye reveal the fear she body can not . and pritcher step into view . we recognize the dead look on he face . see it before on countless other . he be turn . magnifico ( cont 'd ) the brave Captain infiltrate my soldier and try to kill what you think be the mule . just a shell into which I deposit a part of my mind , in the process give birth to you '' magnifico . '' he step back toward pritcher . magnifico ( cont 'd ) I be relieved to be whole again . walk around like a frighten clown do grow rather tiresome . and now he command he slave : magnifico ( cont 'd ) say hello to bayta . after all , she love you . pritcher turn he head and look at she , without expression . pritcher hello . and he turn back to magnifico . pritcher ( cont ’d ) the fleet be ready to depart on you command , sir . ( continued ) 109 . continued : ( 3 ) magnifico very good , Captain . very good . magnifico have a final think : magnifico ( cont 'd ) look on the bright side , my dear . you have find you faith . only a true believer in the seldon plan would kill to hide the location of the second Foundation . bayta 's eye burn through he . magnifico ( cont 'd ) I can feel the hate . I think you hate hari seldon as much as you do I . maybe you pick the wrong side . I will find they , you know . if they exist I will destroy they . magnifico leave she there . she point a blaster at nothing . magnifico ( cont 'd ) or do you really think I will be defeat by a man who take he last breath 1,000 year ago ? a dead hand against a live will ! pritcher walk through the door , without turn back . but the mule stop . he look at she , one last time , pain and regret spread over he face : magnifico ( cont 'd ) I will let you live . my foolish mistake be my own . I will let you live ... in the name of friendship . then he expression harden . he give we one last look of bottomless hate . and he be gone . bayta stand in the center of the room point that blaster . she have not move since she shot ebling , the pathetic remain of he body visible on the floor . she stand there for the longest time , like a statue , unable to blink . the second tick away . bayta hold the weapon . there be no sound , just the silence . she do not move . not a muscle . her finger be on the trigger and ( continued ) 110 . continued : ( 4 ) suddenly bayta fire the blaster . again and again and again . like she 's be try to pull that goddamn trigger forever and now she cannot stop shoot . the sound of the blast die and bayta lift she head up high . she open she mouth and release a defiant scream that rise up from somewhere deep inside she and challenge the heaven . to be continued in second foundation